APPLE INC
FORM 10-K
(Annual Report)
Filed 10/27/10 for the Period Ending 09/25/10
  
  
Address
ONE INFINITE LOOP
CUPERTINO, CA 95014
Telephone
(408) 996-1010
CIK
0000320193
Symbol
AAPL
SIC Code
3571 - Electronic Computers
Industry
Computer Hardware
Sector
Technology
Fiscal Year
09/27
http://www.edgar-online.com
© Copyright 2015, EDGAR Online, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Distribution and use of this document restricted under EDGAR Online, Inc. Terms of Use.
Table of Contents  
      
UNITED STATES  
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  
Washington, D.C. 20549  
   
Form 10-K  
   
(Mark One)  
For the fiscal year ended September 25, 2010  
or  
   
For the transition period from                           to                           
Commission file number: 000-10030  
   
APPLE INC.  
(Exact name of registrant as specified in its chart er)  
   
   
   
Registrant’s telephone number, including area code:  (408) 996-1010  
   
Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:  
   
Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None  
   
Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well- known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of th e Securities Act.  
Yes        No   /box2  
Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not req uired to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Sec tion 15(d) of the Act.  
Yes   /box2     No     
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) h as filed all reports required to be filed by Sectio n 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act 
of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such  shorter period that the registrant was required to  file such reports), and (2) has been subject 
to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.  
Yes        No   /box2  
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has s ubmitted electronically and posted on its corporate  Web site, if any, every Interactive Data 
File required to be submitted and posted pursuant t o Rule 405 of Regulation S- T (§232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 1 2 months (or 
for such shorter period that the registrant was req uired to submit and post such files).  
Yes        No   /box2  
Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S- K (section 229.405 of this chapter) is not 
contained herein, and will not be contained, to the  best of the registrant’ s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information sta tements incorporated 
by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any a mendment to this Form 10-K.     
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a no n-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting 
company. See the definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer” and “smaller reporting company” in Rule 12b- 2 of the Exchange 
Act.  
   
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act) .  
Yes   /box2     No     
The aggregate market value of the voting and non -voting stock held by non -affiliates of the registrant, as of March 27, 2010,  was approximately   
  
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF TH E SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934  
/box2 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) O F THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934  
  
  
California   94 -2404110 
(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or or ganization)   (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
1 Infinite Loop  
Cupertino, California    95014 
(Address of principal executive offices)   (Zip Code) 
  
Common Stock, no par value   The NASDAQ Global Select Market 
(Title of class)   (Name of exchange on which registered) 
  
  Large accelerated filer          Accelerated filer    /box2 
  Non -accelerated filer    /box2   (Do not check if smaller reporting company)     Smaller Reporting Company    /box2 $208,565,000,000 based upon the closing price repor ted for such date on the NASDAQ Global Select Marke t. For purposes of this disclosure, 
shares of common stock held by persons who hold mor e than 5% of the outstanding shares of common stock  and shares held by executive 
officers and directors of the registrant have been excluded beca use such persons may be deemed to be affiliates. Th is determination of executive 
officer or affiliate status is not necessarily a co nclusive determination for other purposes.  
917,307,099 shares of Common Stock Issued and Outst anding as of October 15, 2010  
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE  
(1) Portions of the registrant’ s definitive Proxy Statement relating to its 2011 A nnual Meeting of Shareholders are incorporated by r eference into 
Part III of this Annual Report on Form 10- K where indicated. Such Proxy Statement will be fil ed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange 
Commission within 120 days after the end of the fis cal year to which this report relates.  
         Table of Contents  
   
The Business section and other parts of this Annual  Report on Form 10-K (“Form 10-K”) contain forward- looking statements that involve risks 
and uncertainties. Many of the forward-looking stat ements are located in “Management’ s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition an d 
Results of Operations. ” Forward- looking statements provide current expectations of future events based on certain assumptions and incl ude any 
statement that does not directly relate to any hist orical or current fact. Forward- looking statements can also be identified by words such as 
“anticipates,” “believes,” “estimates,” “expects,” “intends,” “plans,” “predicts,” and similar terms. Forward- looking statements are not 
guarantees of future performance and the Company ’s actual results may differ significantly from the  results discussed in the forward- looking 
statements. Factors that might cause such differenc es include, but are not limited to, those discussed  in the subsection entitled “Risk Factors”
under Part I, Item 1A of this Form 10- K, which are incorporated herein by reference. The Company assumes no obligation to revise or update 
any forward-looking statements for any reason, exce pt as required by law.  
PART I  
   
Company Background  
Apple Inc. and its wholly-owned subsidiaries (colle ctively “Apple” or the “Company”) designs, manufactures and markets a range of person al 
computers, mobile communication and media devices, and portable digital music players, and sells a var iety of related software, services, 
peripherals, networking solutions, and third-party digital content and applications. The Company’ s products and services include Macintosh 
(“Mac”) computers, iPhone, iPad, iPod, Apple TV, Xserve, a portfolio of consumer and professional software app lications, the Mac OS X and 
iOS operating systems, third- party digital content and applications through the iTunes Store, and a variety of accessory, service a nd support 
offerings. The Company sells its products worldwide  through its retail stores, online stores, and dire ct sales force and third- party cellular 
network carriers, wholesalers, retailers, and value -added resellers. In addition, the Company sells a variety of third- party Mac, iPhone, iPad and 
iPod compatible products, including application sof tware, printers, storage devices, speakers, headpho nes, and various other accessories and 
peripherals, through its online and retail stores. The Company sells to consumer, small and mid-sized business (“SMB”), education, enterprise, 
government and creative markets. The Company’s fisc al year is the 52 or 53- week period that ends on the last Saturday of Septe mber. Unless 
otherwise stated, all information presented in this  Form 10-K is based on the Company’ s fiscal calendar. The Company is a California 
corporation founded in 1977.  
Business Strategy  
The Company is committed to bringing the best user experience to its customers through its innovative hardware, software, peripherals, services, 
and Internet offerings. The Company’ s business strategy leverages its unique ability to  design and develop its own operating systems, hard ware, 
application software, and services to provide its c ustomers new products and solutions with superior e ase-of-use, seamless integration, and 
innovative industrial design. The Company believes continual investment in research and development is  critical to the development and 
enhancement of innovative products and technologies . In conjunction with its strategy, the Company con tinues to build and host a robust 
platform for the discovery and delivery of third- party digital content and applications through the iTunes Store. The iTunes Store includes the 
App Store and iBookstore, which allow customers to discover and download third- party applications and books through either a Mac o r 
Windows- based computer or wirelessly through an iPhone, iPa d or iPod touch. The Company also works to support a community for the 
development of third-party software and hardware pr oducts and digital content that complement the Comp any’s offerings. Additionally, the 
Company’s strategy includes expanding its distribut ion to effectively reach more customers and provide  them with a high-quality sales and post-
sales support experience. The Company is therefore uniquely positioned to offer superior and well- integrated digital lifestyle and productivity 
solutions.  
   
1  Item 1. Business Table of Contents  
   
Consumer and Small and Mid-Sized Business  
The Company believes a high-quality buying experien ce with knowledgeable salespersons who can convey t he value of the Company’ s products 
and services greatly enhances its ability to attrac t and retain customers. The Company sells many of i ts products and resells certain third- party 
products in most of its major markets directly to c onsumers and businesses through its retail and onli ne stores. The Company has also invested in 
programs to enhance reseller sales by placing high quality Apple fixtures, merchandising materials and  other resources within selected third-
party reseller locations. Through the Apple Premium  Reseller Program, certain third- party resellers focus on the Apple platform by prov iding a 
high level of integration and support services, and  product expertise.  
As of September 25, 2010, the Company had opened a total of 317 retail stores, including 233 stores in  the U.S. and 84 stores internationally. 
The Company has typically located its stores at hig h-traffic locations in quality shopping malls and urb an shopping districts. By operating its 
own stores and locating them in desirable high- traffic locations, the Company is better positioned  to control the customer buying experience and 
attract new customers. The stores are designed to s implify and enhance the presentation and marketing of the Company’ s products and related 
solutions. To that end, retail store configurations  have evolved into various sizes to accommodate mar ket-specific demands. The Company 
believes providing direct contact with its targeted  customers is an effective way to demonstrate the a dvantages of its products over those of its 
competitors. The stores employ experienced and know ledgeable personnel who provide product advice, ser vice and training. The stores offer a 
wide selection of third-party hardware, software, a nd various other accessories and peripherals that c omplement the Company’s products.  
Education  
Throughout its history, the Company has focused on the use of technology in education and has been com mitted to delivering tools to help 
educators teach and students learn. The Company bel ieves effective integration of technology into clas sroom instruction can result in higher 
levels of student achievement, especially when used  to support collaboration, information access, and the expression and representation of 
student thoughts and ideas. The Company has designe d a range of products, services and programs to add ress the needs of education customers, 
including individual laptop programs and education road shows. In addition, the Company supports mobil e learning and real- time distribution 
and accessibility of education related materials th rough iTunes U, which allows students and teachers to share and distribute educational media 
directly through their computers and mobile communi cation and media devices. The Company sells its pro ducts to the education market through 
its direct sales force, select third-party reseller s and its online and retail stores.  
Enterprise, Government and Creative  
The Company also sells its hardware and software pr oducts to customers in enterprise, government and c reative markets in each of its 
geographic segments. These markets are also importa nt to many third-party developers who provide Mac- compatible hardware and software 
solutions. Customers in these markets utilize the C ompany’s products because of their high- powered computing performance and expansion 
capabilities, networking functionality, and seamles s integration with complementary products. The Comp any designs its high- end hardware 
solutions to incorporate the power, expandability, compatibility and other features desired by these m arkets.  
Other  
In addition to consumer, SMB, education, enterprise , government and creative markets, the Company prov ides hardware and software products 
and solutions for customers in the information tech nology and scientific markets.  
Business Organization  
The Company manages its business primarily on a geo graphic basis. The Company’ s reportable operating segments consist of the Amer icas, 
Europe, Japan, Asia-Pacific and Retail. The America s, Europe, Japan and  
   
2  Table of Contents  
Asia-Pacific reportable segments do not include activiti es related to the Retail segment. The Americas segm ent includes both North and South 
America. The Europe segment includes European count ries, as well as the Middle East and Africa. The As ia-Pacific segment includes Australia 
and Asia, but does not include Japan. The Retail se gment operates Apple- owned retail stores in the U.S. and in internationa l markets. Each 
reportable operating segment provides similar hardw are and software products and similar services. Fur ther information regarding the 
Company’s operating segments may be found in Part I I, Item 7 of this Form 10-K under the subheading “S egment Operating Performance,” and 
in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K in Notes to Co nsolidated Financial Statements at Note 9, “Segment  Information and Geographic Data.”  
Products  
The Company offers a range of personal computing pr oducts, mobile communication and media devices, and  portable digital music players, as 
well as a variety of related software, services, pe ripherals, networking solutions and various third- party hardware and software products. In 
addition, the Company offers its own software produ cts, including Mac OS X, the Company’ s proprietary operating system software for the 
Macintosh (“Mac”); iOS, the Company’ s proprietary mobile operating system; server softw are and application software for consumer, 
education, and business customers. The Company’s pr imary products are discussed below.  
Mac Hardware Products  
The Company offers a range of personal computing pr oducts including desktop and portable computers, Xs erve servers, related devices and 
peripherals, and various third-party hardware produ cts. The Company’ s Mac desktop and portable systems feature Intel mi croprocessors, the 
Company’s Mac OS X Version 10.6 Snow Leopard (“Mac OS X Snow Leopard”) operating system and the iLife suite of software for 
creation and management of digital photography, mus ic, movies, DVDs and websites.  
The Company’s desktop computers include iMac , Mac Pro and Mac mini. The iMac desktop computer is an a ll-in-one design that 
incorporates a display, processor, graphics card, h ard drive, optical drive, memory and other componen ts inside a single enclosure. The Mac Pro 
desktop computer is targeted at business and profes sional customers and is designed to meet the perfor mance, expansion, and networking needs 
of the most demanding Mac user. The Mac mini is a d esktop computer in a compact enclosure.  
The Company’s portable computers include MacBook , MacBook Pro and MacBook Air . MacBook is a portable computer designed for 
consumer and education users. MacBook Pro is a port able computer designed for professionals and consum ers. MacBook Air is a high 
performance, ultra-slim notebook computer designed for professionals and consumers.  
iTunes  
iTunes digital music management software (“iTunes”)  is an application for playing, downloading, and org anizing digital audio and video files 
and is available for both Mac and Windows-based com puters. iTunes 10 features Ping, a music-oriented s ocial network, AirPlay wireless music 
playback, Genius Mixes, Home Sharing, and improved syncing functionality with the Company’s mobile com munication and media devices.  
iTunes is integrated with the iTunes Store , a serv ice that allows customers to find, purchase, rent, and download third- party digital music, 
audio books, music videos, short films, television shows, movies, podcasts, games, and other applicati ons. The iTunes Store currently serves 
customers in 23 countries. The iTunes Store include s the Company’ s App Store™ and iBookstore™. The App Store allows customers to 
discover and download third- party applications, and the iBookstore features ele ctronic books from major and independent publishers  and 
provides customers a place to preview and buy books  for their mobile communication and media devices. Customers can access the App Store 
through either a Mac or Windows-based computer or w irelessly through an iPhone , iPad™ or iPod touch .  The iBookstore is accessed 
through the iBooks application on an iPhone, iPad o r iPod touch.  
   
3  ® 
® 
® 
® ® 
® ® ® 
® ® ® 
® 
® 
® 
® ® 
® Table of Contents  
   
iPhone  
iPhone combines a mobile phone, a widescreen iPod with touch controls, and an Internet communications  device in a single handheld product. 
Based on the Company’s Multi-Touch™ user interface,  iPhone features desktop- class email, web browsing, searching, and maps and is 
compatible with both Macs and Windows-based compute rs. iPhone automatically syncs content from users’ iTunes libraries, as well as contacts, 
bookmarks, and email accounts. iPhone allows custom ers to access the iTunes Store to download audio an d video files, as well as a variety of 
other digital content and applications. In June 201 0, the Company introduced the iPhone 4 featuring an  all-new design, FaceTime video calling, 
a new high resolution Retina™ display, a 5 megapixe l camera with LED flash and front facing camera, hi gh definition video recording, Apple’ s 
A4 processor and a 3-axis gyroscope. In addition to  the Company’s own iPhone accessories, third- party iPhone compatible products are 
available through the Company’s online and retail s tores and from third parties.  
The Company has signed multi- year agreements with various cellular network carri ers authorizing them to distribute and provide cell ular 
network services for iPhones. These agreements are generally not exclusive with a specific carrier, ex cept in the U.S.  
iPad  
In January 2010, the Company introduced iPad, a mul ti-purpose mobile device for browsing the web, reading  and sending email, viewing 
photos, watching videos, listening to music, playin g games, reading e-books and more. iPad is based on  the Company’s Multi- Touch technology 
and allows customers to connect with their applicat ions and content in a more interactive way. iPad al lows customers to access the iTunes Store 
to download audio and video files, as well as a var iety of other digital content and applications. In addition to the Company’ s own iPad 
accessories, third-party iPad compatible products a re available through the Company’s online and retai l stores and from third parties.  
iPod  
The Company’s iPod line of portable digital music a nd media players is comprised of iPod touch, iPod n ano , iPod shuffle and iPod classic . 
All iPods work with iTunes. In addition to the Comp any’s own iPod accessories, third- party iPod compatible products are available, eithe r 
through the Company’s online and retail stores or f rom third parties.  
The iPod touch is a flash-memory-based iPod with a widescreen display and a Multi-Touch user interface . The Company’ s latest iPod touch, 
introduced in September 2010, includes features suc h as a Retina display, FaceTime video calling, high  definition video recording and Game 
Center. iPod touch allows customers to access the i Tunes Store to download audio and video files, as w ell as a variety of other digital content 
and applications. The Company’s latest iPod nano, i ntroduced in September 2010, is a flash-memory- based iPod that has been redesigned to 
feature the Company’s Multi- Touch interface allowing customers to navigate thei r music collection by tapping or swiping the displa y. The new 
iPod nano features a polished aluminum and glass en closure with a built-in clip. iPod shuffle, which w as updated in September 2010, is a flash-
memory-based iPod that features a clickable control pad to  control music playback and VoiceOver technology en abling customers to hear song 
titles, artists and playlist names. The iPod classi c is a hard-drive based portable digital music and video player.  
Displays & Peripheral Products  
The Company manufactures the Apple Cinema High Defi nition Display™ and sells a variety of Apple-brande d and third-party Mac- compatible 
peripheral products, including printers, storage de vices, computer memory, digital video and still cam eras, and various other computing products 
and supplies.  
   
4  ® 
® 
® ® ® Table of Contents  
   
Apple TV 
Apple TV is a device that allows customers to rent and watch movies and television shows on their tele vision. Content from Netflix, YouTube, 
Flickr and MobileMe™, as well as music, photos and videos from a Mac or Windows- based computer can also be wirelessly streamed to a  
television through Apple TV.  
Software Products and Computer Technologies  
The Company offers a range of software products for  consumer, SMB, education, enterprise, government, and creative customers, including the 
Company’ s proprietary Mac OS X and iOS operating system sof tware; server software and related solutions; profe ssional application software; 
and consumer, education, and business oriented appl ication software.  
Operating System Software  
Mac OS X  
Mac OS X is built on an open-source UNIX- based foundation. Mac OS X Snow Leopard is the seve nth major release of Mac OS X and became 
available in August 2009. Mac OS X Snow Leopard fea tures upgraded speed and performance and includes a  new version of QuickTime X, 
support for Microsoft Exchange Server 2007 and Voic eOver integration with the Multi- Touch trackpad. Mac OS X offers Stacks, a means of 
easily accessing files from the Dock; Finder that lets users quickly browse and share files betw een multiple Macs; Quick Look, a way to 
instantly see files without opening an application;  Spaces , a feature used to create groups of applications and  instantly switch between them; 
and Time Machine , a way to automatically back up a ll of the contents of a Mac.  
iOS  
iOS is the Company’ s mobile operating system that serves as the founda tion for iPhone, iPad and iPod touch. In June 2010,  the Company 
launched iOS 4, the latest version of the Company’ s mobile operating system. iOS 4 features Multitask ing that allows customers to move 
between applications, Folders to organize and easil y access applications, a unified Mail inbox, suppor t for the iAd™ mobile advertising 
platform, and the iBooks reader and iBookstore. The  iAd mobile advertising platform provides media ric h advertisements which allows mobile 
device customers to engage with an ad without being  removed from the applications they are currently u sing. iOS 4 became available for iPhone 
3G, iPhone 3GS, iPhone 4, and second and third gene ration iPod touch in June 2010, and is expected to be available for iPad in November 2010. 
Certain features of the iOS 4 software will not fun ction on certain earlier iPhone and iPod touch mode ls.  
Application Software  
iLife  
iLife ’11 is the latest version of the Company’s co nsumer-oriented digital lifestyle application suite includ ed with all Mac computers. iLife 
features iPhoto , iMovie , iDVD , GarageBand , and iWeb™. iPhoto is the Company’s consumer- oriented digital photo software 
application and iMovie is the Company’s consumer-or iented digital video editing software application. iDVD is the Company’s consumer-
oriented software application that enables customer s to turn iMovie files, QuickTime files, and digita l pictures into interactive DVDs. 
GarageBand is the Company’s consumer- oriented music creation software application that a llows customers to play, record and create music. 
iWeb allows customers to create online photo albums , blogs and podcasts, and to customize websites usi ng editing tools.  
iWork 
iWork ’09 is the latest version of the Company’ s integrated productivity suite designed to help us ers create, present, and publish documents, 
presentations, and spreadsheets. iWork ’09 includes  updates to Pages ’09 for  
   
5  ®  
® 
® 
® 
® 
® ® ® ® 
®  
® Table of Contents  
word processing and page layout, Keynote ’09 for pr esentations, and Numbers ’ 09 for spreadsheets. In January 2010, the Company a lso 
introduced a new version of iWork for iPad, a produ ctivity suite including versions of Pages, Keynote and Numbers designed specifically for 
Multi-Touch.  
Other Application Software  
The Company also sells various other application so ftware, including Final Cut Studio , Final Cut Express, Final Cut Server, Logic Studio 
, Logic Express 9, Logic Studio Pro, and its FileMake r Pro database software.  
Internet Software and Services  
The Company is focused on delivering seamless integ ration with and access to the Internet throughout t he Company’ s products and services. The 
Company’s Internet solutions adhere to many industr y standards to provide an optimized user experience . Safari 5 is the latest version of the 
Company’s web browser that is compatible with Macs and Windows-based computers. MobileMe is an annual subscription- based suite of 
Internet services that delivers email, contacts and  calendars to and from native applications on iPhon e, iPad, iPod touch, Macs, and Windows-
based computers.  
Product Support and Services  
AppleCare offers a range of support options for the  Company’ s customers. These options include assistance that is built into software products, 
printed and electronic product manuals, online supp ort including comprehensive product information as well as technical assistance, and the 
AppleCare Protection Plan (“APP”). APP is a fee- based service that typically includes two to three years of phone support and hardware repairs, 
dedicated web-based support resources, and user dia gnostic tools.  
Markets and Distribution  
The Company’ s customers are primarily in the consumer, SMB, edu cation, enterprise, government and creative markets . The Company utilizes a 
variety of direct and indirect distribution channel s, such as its retail stores, online stores, and di rect sales force, and third- party cellular network 
carriers, wholesalers, retailers, and value- added resellers. The Company believes that sales of  its innovative and differentiated products are 
enhanced by knowledgeable salespersons who can conv ey the value of the hardware, software, and periphe ral integration, demonstrate the 
unique digital lifestyle solutions that are availab le on its products, and demonstrate the compatibili ty of the Mac with the Windows platform and 
networks. The Company further believes providing di rect contact with its targeted customers is an effe ctive way to demonstrate the advantages 
of its products over those of its competitors and p roviding a high-quality sales and after- sales support experience is critical to attracting new and 
retaining existing customers. To ensure a high- quality buying experience for its products in which  service and education are emphasized, the 
Company continues to expand and improve its distrib ution capabilities by expanding the number of its o wn retail stores worldwide. Additionally, 
the Company has invested in programs to enhance res eller sales by placing high quality Apple fixtures,  merchandising materials and other 
resources within selected third-party reseller loca tions. Through the Apple Premium Reseller Program, certain third- party resellers focus on the 
Apple platform by providing a high level of integra tion and support services, and product expertise.  
   
6  ® ® 
® ® ® 
® ® ® ® 
® 
® Table of Contents  
   
One of the Company’ s customers accounted for 11% of net sales in 2009;  there was no single customer that accounted for mo re than 10% of net 
sales in 2010 or 2008.  
Competition  
The Company is confronted by aggressive competition  in all areas of its business. The markets for the Company’ s products and services are 
highly competitive. These markets are characterized  by frequent product introductions and rapid techno logical advances that have substantially 
increased the capabilities and use of personal comp uters, mobile communication and media devices, and other digital electronic devices. The 
Company’ s competitors who sell personal computers based on other operating systems have aggressively cut price s and lowered their product 
margins to gain or maintain market share. The Compa ny’s financial condition and operating results can be adversely affected by these and other 
industry-wide downward pressures on gross margins. The princ ipal competitive factors include price, product fea tures, relative 
price/performance, product quality and reliability,  design innovation, availability of software and pe ripherals, marketing and distribution 
capability, service and support, and corporate repu tation.  
The Company is focused on expanding its market oppo rtunities related to mobile communication and media  devices, including iPhone and iPad. 
The mobile communications and media device industri es are highly competitive and include several large , well-funded and experienced 
participants. The Company expects competition in th ese industries to intensify significantly as compet itors attempt to imitate some of the iPhone 
and iPad features and applications within their own  products or, alternatively, collaborate with each other to offer solutions that are more 
competitive than those they currently offer. These industries are characterized by aggressive pricing practices, frequent product introductions, 
evolving design approaches and technologies, rapid adoption of technological and product advancements by competitors, and price sensitivity on 
the part of consumers and businesses.  
The Company’ s iPod and digital content services have faced sign ificant competition from other companies promoting their own digital music 
and content products and services, including those offering free peer-to- peer music and video services. The Company believes  it offers superior 
innovation and integration of the entire solution i ncluding the hardware (personal computer, iPhone, i Pad and iPod), software (iTunes), and 
distribution of digital content and applications (i Tunes Store, App Store and iBookstore). Some of the  Company’ s current and potential 
competitors have substantial resources and may be a ble to provide such products and services at little  or no profit or even at a loss to compete 
with the Company’ s offerings. Alternatively, these competitors may c ollaborate with each other to offer solutions that are more integrated than 
those they currently offer.  
The Company’s future financial condition and operat ing results are substantially dependent on the Comp any’s ability to continue to develop and 
offer new innovative products and services in each of the markets it competes in.  
Supply of Components  
Although most components essential to the Company’ s business are generally available from multiple so urces, certain key components including 
but not limited to microprocessors, enclosures, cer tain liquid crystal displays (“LCDs”), certain opti cal drives, and application- specific integrated 
circuits (“ASICs”) are currently obtained by the Company from single o r limited sources, which subjects the Company to si gnificant supply and 
pricing risks. Many of these and other key componen ts that are available from multiple sources includi ng but not limited to NAND flash 
memory, dynamic random access memory (“DRAM”), and certain LCDs, are subject at times to industry- wide shortages and significant 
commodity pricing fluctuations. In addition, the Co mpany has entered into certain agreements for the s upply of key components including but 
not limited to microprocessors, NAND flash memory, DRAM and LCDs at favorable pricing, but there is no  guarantee the Company will be able 
to extend or renew these agreements on similar favo rable terms, or at all, upon expiration or otherwis e obtain favorable pricing in the future. 
Therefore, the Company remains subject to significa nt risks of supply shortages and/or price increases  that can materially adversely affect its 
financial condition and operating results.  
   
7  Table of Contents  
   
The Company and other participants in the personal computer, and mobile communication and media device  industries also compete for various 
components with other industries that have experien ced increased demand for their products. In additio n, the Company uses some custom 
components that are not common to the rest of these  industries, and new products introduced by the Com pany often utilize custom components 
available from only one source. When a component or  product uses new technologies, initial capacity co nstraints may exist until the suppliers’
yields have matured or manufacturing capacity has i ncreased. If the Company ’s supply of a key single- sourced component for a new or existing 
product were delayed or constrained, if such compon ents were available only at significantly higher pr ices, or if a key manufacturing vendor 
delayed shipments of completed products to the Comp any, the Company’ s financial condition and operating results could b e materially 
adversely affected. The Company’ s business and financial performance could also be adversely affected depending on the time required t o 
obtain sufficient quantities from the original sour ce, or to identify and obtain sufficient quantities  from an alternative source. Continued 
availability of these components at acceptable pric es, or at all, may be affected if those suppliers d ecided to concentrate on the production of 
common components instead of components customized to meet the Company’s requirements.  
Substantially all of the Company’ s Macs, iPhones, iPads, iPods, logic boards and oth er assembled products are manufactured by outsourci ng 
partners, primarily in various parts of Asia. A sig nificant concentration of this outsourced manufactu ring is currently performed by only a few 
outsourcing partners of the Company, including Hon Hai Precision Industry Co. Ltd. and Quanta Computer , Inc. The Company’ s outsourced 
manufacturing is often performed in single location s. Certain of these outsourcing partners are the so le-sourced supplier of components and 
manufacturing outsourcing for many of the Company’ s key products, including but not limited to final assembly of substantially all of the 
Company’ s Macs, iPhones, iPads and iPods. Although the Comp any works closely with its outsourcing partners on manufacturing schedules, the 
Company’ s operating results could be adversely affected if its outsourcing partners were unable to meet their production commitments. The 
Company’s purchase commitments typically cover the Company’s requirements for periods ranging from 30 to 150 days.  
The Company sources components from a number of sup pliers and manufacturing vendors. The loss of suppl y from any of these suppliers or 
vendors, whether temporary or permanent, could mate rially adversely affect the Company’s business and financial condition.  
Research and Development  
Because the industries in which the Company compete s are characterized by rapid technological advances , the Company’ s ability to compete 
successfully is heavily dependent upon its ability to ensure a continual and timely flow of competitiv e products, services and technologies to the 
marketplace. The Company continues to develop new p roducts and technologies and to enhance existing pr oducts that expand the range of its 
product offerings and intellectual property through  licensing and acquisition of third- party business and technology. Total research and 
development expense was $1.8 billion, $1.3 billion and $1.1 billion in 2010, 2009 and 2008, respective ly.  
Patents, Trademarks, Copyrights and Licenses  
The Company currently holds rights to patents and c opyrights relating to certain aspects of its Macs, iPhone, iPad and iPod devices, peripherals, 
software and services. In addition, the Company has  registered and/or has applied to register, tradema rks and service marks in the U.S. and a 
number of foreign countries for “Apple,” the Apple logo, “Macintosh,” “Mac,” “iPhone,” “iPad,” “iPod,”  “iTunes,” “iTunes Store,” “ Apple 
TV,” “MobileMe” and numerous other trademarks and service marks. Al though the Company believes the ownership of such p atents, 
copyrights, trademarks and service marks is an impo rtant factor in its business and that its success d oes depend in part on the ownership thereof, 
the Company relies primarily on the innovative skil ls, technical competence and marketing abilities of  its personnel.  
The Company regularly files patent applications to protect inventions arising from its research and de velopment, and is currently pursuing 
thousands of patent applications around the world. Over time, the Company has accumulated a portfolio of several thousand issued patents in the 
U.S. and worldwide. In addition, the Company curren tly holds copyrights relating to certain aspects of  its products and services. No single patent 
or copyright is  
   
8  Table of Contents  
solely responsible for protecting the Company’ s products. The Company believes the duration of th e applicable patents it has been granted is 
adequate relative to the expected lives of its prod ucts. Due to the fast pace of innovation and produc t development, the Company’ s products are 
often obsolete before the patents related to them e xpire, and sometimes are obsolete before the patent s related to them are even granted.  
Many of the Company’ s products are designed to include intellectual pro perty obtained from third parties. While it may be necessary in the 
future to seek or renew licenses relating to variou s aspects of its products and business methods, the  Company believes, based upon past 
experience and industry practice, such licenses gen erally could be obtained on commercially reasonable  terms; however, there is no guarantee 
such licenses could be obtained at all. Because of technological changes in the industries in which th e Company competes, current extensive 
patent coverage, and the rapid rate of issuance of new patents, it is possible certain components of t he Company’ s products and business 
methods may unknowingly infringe existing patents o r intellectual property rights of others. From time  to time, the Company has been notified 
that it may be infringing certain patents or other intellectual property rights of third parties.  
Foreign and Domestic Operations and Geographic Data   
The U.S. represents the Company’s largest geographi c marketplace. Approximately 44% of the Company’ s net sales in 2010 came from sales to 
customers inside the U.S. Final assembly of the Com pany’s products is currently performed in the Compa ny’s manufacturing facility in Ireland, 
and by external vendors in California, Texas, the P eople’s Republic of China (“China”), the Czech Republic and the Republic of Korea 
(“Korea”). Currently, the supply and manufacture of  many critical components is performed by sole-sour ced third- party vendors in the U.S., 
China, Germany, Ireland, Israel, Japan, Korea, Mala ysia, the Netherlands, the Philippines, Taiwan, Tha iland and Singapore. Sole-sourced third-
party vendors in China perform final assembly of su bstantially all of the Company’ s Macs, iPhones, iPads and iPods. Margins on sales of the 
Company’ s products in foreign countries, and on sales of pr oducts that include components obtained from foreig n suppliers, can be adversely 
affected by foreign currency exchange rate fluctuat ions and by international trade regulations, includ ing tariffs and antidumping penalties.  
Information regarding financial data by geographic segment is set forth in Part II, Item 7 and Item 8 of this Form 10- K and in Notes to 
Consolidated Financial Statements at Note 9, “Segme nt Information and Geographic Data.”  
Seasonal Business  
The Company has historically experienced increased net sales in its first and fourth fiscal quarters c ompared to other quarters in its fiscal year 
due to seasonal demand of consumer markets related to the holiday season and the beginning of the scho ol year; however, this pattern has been 
less pronounced following the introductions of iPho ne and iPad. This historical pattern should not be considered a reliable indicator of the 
Company’s future net sales or financial performance .  
Warranty  
The Company offers a basic limited parts and labor warranty on most of its hardware products, includin g Macs, iPhones, iPads and iPods. The 
basic warranty period is typically one year from th e date of purchase by the original end-user. The Co mpany also offers a 90- day basic warranty 
for its service parts used to repair the Company’ s hardware products. In addition, consumers may pur chase the APP, which extends service 
coverage on many of the Company’s hardware products  in most of its major markets.  
Backlog  
In the Company’ s experience, the actual amount of product backlog at any particular time is not a meaningful indicati on of its future business 
prospects. In particular, backlog often increases i n anticipation of or immediately following new prod uct introductions as dealers anticipate 
shortages. Backlog is often reduced once dealers an d customers believe they can obtain sufficient supp ly. Because of the foregoing, backlog 
should not be considered a reliable indicator of th e Company’s ability to achieve any particular level  of revenue or financial performance.  
   
9  Table of Contents  
   
Environmental Laws  
Compliance with federal, state, local and foreign l aws enacted for the protection of the environment h as to date had no significant effect on the 
Company’ s capital expenditures, earnings, or competitive po sition. In the future, compliance with environmenta l laws could materially adversely 
affect the Company.  
Production and marketing of products in certain sta tes and countries may subject the Company to enviro nmental and other regulations including, 
in some instances, the requirement to provide custo mers the ability to return product at the end of it s useful life, and place responsibility for 
environmentally safe disposal or recycling with the  Company. Such laws and regulations have been passe d in several jurisdictions in which the 
Company operates including various countries within  Europe and Asia and certain states and provinces w ithin North America. Although the 
Company does not anticipate any material adverse ef fects in the future based on the nature of its oper ations and the thrust of such laws, there is 
no assurance that such existing laws or future laws  will not materially adversely affect the Company’s  financial condition or operating results.  
Employees  
As of September 25, 2010, the Company had approxima tely 46,600 full-time equivalent employees and an a dditional 2,800 full- time equivalent 
temporary employees and contractors.  
Available Information  
The Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly  Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8- K, and amendments to reports filed 
pursuant to Sections 13(a) and 15(d) of the Securit ies Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (“Exchange Act ”), are filed with the U.S. Securities 
and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”). Such reports and other information filed by the Com pany with the SEC are available free of charge on 
the Company’s website at www.apple.com/investor when such reports are available on the SEC website.  The public may read and copy any 
materials filed by the Company with the SEC at the SEC’s Public Reference Room at 100 F Street, NE, Room 1 580, Washington, DC 20549. 
The public may obtain information on the operation of the Public Reference Room by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC- 0330. The SEC maintains 
an Internet site that contains reports, proxy and i nformation statements and other information regardi ng issuers that file electronically with the 
SEC at www.sec.gov . The contents of these websites are not incorporat ed into this filing. Further, the Company’ s references to the URLs for 
these websites are intended to be inactive textual references only.  
   
Because of the following factors, as well as other factors affecting the Company’ s financial condition and operating results, past f inancial 
performance should not be considered to be a reliab le indicator of future performance, and investors s hould not use historical trends to anticipate 
results or trends in future periods.  
Economic conditions could materially adversely affe ct the Company.  
The Company’ s operations and performance depend significantly o n worldwide economic conditions. Uncertainty about current global 
economic conditions poses a risk as consumers and b usinesses may continue to postpone spending in resp onse to tighter credit, unemployment, 
negative financial news and/or declines in income o r asset values, which could have a material negativ e effect on demand for the Company’ s 
products and services. Demand also could differ mat erially from the Company’ s expectations since the Company generally raises p rices on 
goods and services sold outside the U.S. to offset the effect of a strengthening of the U.S. dollar. O ther factors that could influence demand 
include increases in fuel and other energy costs, c onditions in the real estate and mortgage markets, labor and healthcare costs, access to credit, 
consumer confidence, and other macroeconomic factor s affecting consumer spending behavior. These and o ther economic factors could 
materially adversely affect demand for the Company’ s products and services and the Company’s financial  condition and operating results.  
   
10  Item 1A. Risk Factors Table of Contents  
   
In the event of renewed financial turmoil affecting  the banking system and financial markets, addition al consolidation of the financial services 
industry, or significant financial service institut ion failures, there could be a new or incremental t ightening in the credit markets, low liquidity, 
and extreme volatility in fixed income, credit, cur rency, and equity markets. In addition, the risk re mains that there could be a number of follow-
on effects from the credit crisis on the Company’ s business, including the insolvency of key outsour ced manufacturing partners or suppliers or 
their inability to obtain credit to finance develop ment and/or manufacture products resulting in produ ct delays; inability of customers, including 
channel partners, to obtain credit to finance purch ases of the Company’ s products and/or customer, including channel partn er, insolvencies; and 
failure of derivative counterparties and other fina ncial institutions negatively impacting the Company ’s treasury operations. Other income 
and expense also could vary materially from expecta tions depending on gains or losses realized on the sale or exchange of financial instruments; 
impairment charges resulting from revaluations of d ebt and equity securities and other investments; in terest rates; cash balances; and changes in 
fair value of derivative instruments. Increased vol atility in the financial markets and overall econom ic uncertainty would increase the risk of the 
actual amounts realized in the future on the Compan y’s financial instruments differing significantly fro m the fair values currently assigned to 
them.  
Uncertainty about current global economic condition s could also continue to increase the volatility of  the Company’s stock price.  
Global markets for the Company’ s products and services are highly competitive and subject to rapid technological change. If the Compa ny is 
unable to compete effectively in these markets, its  financial condition and operating results could be  materially adversely affected.  
The Company competes in highly competitive global m arkets characterized by aggressive price cutting, w ith resulting downward pressure on 
gross margins, frequent introduction of new product s, short product life cycles, evolving industry sta ndards, continual improvement in product 
price/performance characteristics, rapid adoption o f technological and product advancements by competi tors, and price sensitivity on the part of 
consumers.  
The Company’ s ability to compete successfully depends heavily o n its ability to ensure a continuing and timely int roduction of innovative new 
products and technologies to the marketplace. The C ompany believes it is unique in that it designs and  develops nearly the entire solution for its 
products, including the hardware, operating system,  numerous software applications, and related servic es. As a result, the Company must make 
significant investments in research and development  and as such, the Company currently holds a signifi cant number of patents and copyrights 
and has registered and/or has applied to register n umerous patents, trademarks and service marks. By c ontrast, many of the Company’ s 
competitors seek to compete primarily through aggre ssive pricing and very low cost structures. If the Company is unable to continue to develop 
and sell innovative new products with attractive ma rgins or if other companies infringe on the Company ’s intellectual property, the Company’ s 
ability to maintain a competitive advantage could b e negatively affected and its financial condition a nd operating results could be materially 
adversely affected.  
In the market for personal computers and peripheral s, the Company faces a significant number of compet itors, many of which have broader 
product lines, lower priced products, and larger in stalled customer bases. Consolidation in this marke t has resulted in larger and potentially 
stronger competitors. Price competition has been pa rticularly intense as competitors selling Windows- based personal computers have 
aggressively cut prices and lowered product margins . The Company also faces increased competition in k ey market segments, including 
consumer, SMB, education, enterprise, government an d creative markets. An increasing number of Interne t devices that include software 
applications and are smaller and simpler than tradi tional personal computers compete for market share with the Company’s existing products.  
The Company is currently the only authorized maker of hardware using the Mac OS. The Mac OS has a mino rity market share in the personal 
computer market, which is dominated by computer mak ers using competing operating systems, most notably  Windows. The Company’ s 
financial condition and operating results depend su bstantially on the Company’ s ability to continually improve the Mac platform t o maintain 
functional and  
   
11  Table of Contents  
design advantages. Use of unauthorized copies of th e Mac OS on other companies’ hardware products may result in decreased demand fo r the 
Company’s hardware products, and could materially a dversely affect the Company’s financial condition a nd operating results.  
The Company currently markets certain mobile commun ication and media devices, and third- party digital content and applications. The 
Company faces substantial competition from companie s that have significant technical, marketing, distr ibution and other resources, as well as 
established hardware, software and digital content supplier relationships. Additionally, the Company f aces significant price competition as 
competitors reduce their selling prices and attempt  to imitate the Company’ s product features and applications within their ow n products or, 
alternatively, collaborate with each other to offer  solutions that are more competitive than those the y currently offer. The Company also 
competes with illegitimate ways to obtain third- party digital content and applications. The Company  has only recently entered the mobile 
communications and media device markets, and many o f its competitors in these markets have significant ly greater experience, product breadth 
and distribution channels than the Company. Because  some current and potential competitors have substa ntial resources and/or experience and a 
lower cost structure, they may be able to provide s uch products and services at little or no profit or  even at a loss. The Company also expects 
competition to intensify as competitors attempt to imitate the Company’ s approach to providing these components seamlessly  within their 
individual offerings or work collaboratively to off er integrated solutions.  
The Company currently receives subsidies from its e xclusive and non- exclusive carriers providing cellular network servi ce for iPhone. There is 
no assurance that such subsidies will be continued at all or in the same amounts upon renewal of the C ompany’s agreements with these carriers 
or in agreements the Company enters into with new c arriers.  
There can be no assurance the Company will be able to continue to provide products and services that c ompete effectively.  
To remain competitive and stimulate customer demand , the Company must successfully manage frequent pro duct introductions and transitions.  
Due to the highly volatile and competitive nature o f the industries in which the Company competes, the  Company must continually introduce 
new products, services and technologies, enhance ex isting products and services, and effectively stimu late customer demand for new and 
upgraded products. The success of new product intro ductions depends on a number of factors including b ut not limited to timely and successful 
product development, market acceptance, the Company ’s ability to manage the risks associated with new p roducts and production ramp issues, 
the availability of application software for new pr oducts, the effective management of purchase commit ments and inventory levels in line with 
anticipated product demand, the availability of pro ducts in appropriate quantities and costs to meet a nticipated demand, and the risk that new 
products may have quality or other defects in the e arly stages of introduction. Accordingly, the Compa ny cannot determine in advance the 
ultimate effect of new product introductions and tr ansitions on its financial condition and operating results.  
The Company faces substantial inventory and other a sset risk in addition to purchase commitment cancel lation risk.  
The Company records a write- down for product and component inventories that hav e become obsolete or exceed anticipated demand or n et 
realizable value and accrues necessary cancellation  fee reserves for orders of excess products and com ponents. The Company also reviews its 
long-lived assets for impairment whenever events or chan ged circumstances indicate the carrying amount of a n asset may not be recoverable. If 
the Company determines that impairment has occurred , it records a write- down equal to the amount by which the carrying valu e of the assets 
exceeds its fair market value. Although the Company  believes its provisions related to inventory, othe r assets and purchase commitments are 
currently adequate, no assurance can be given that the Company will not incur additional related charg es given the rapid and unpredictable pace 
of product obsolescence in the industries in which the Company competes. Such charges could materially  adversely affect the Company’ s 
financial condition and operating results.  
   
12  Table of Contents  
   
The Company must order components for its products and build inventory in advance of product announcem ents and shipments. Consistent with 
industry practice, components are normally acquired  through a combination of purchase orders, supplier  contracts, open orders and, where 
appropriate, prepayments, in each case based on pro jected demand. Such purchase commitments typically cover forecasted component and 
manufacturing requirements for 30 to 150 days. Beca use the Company’ s markets are volatile, competitive and subject to rapid technology and 
price changes, there is a risk the Company will for ecast incorrectly and order or produce excess or in sufficient inventories of components or 
products. The Company’ s financial condition and operating results have be en in the past and could be in the future materiall y adversely affected 
by the Company’s ability to manage its inventory le vels and respond to short-term shifts in customer d emand patterns.  
Future operating results depend upon the Company ’s ability to obtain key components including but no t limited to microprocessors, NAND flash 
memory, DRAM and LCDs at favorable prices and in su fficient quantities.  
Because the Company currently obtains certain key c omponents including but not limited to microprocess ors, enclosures, certain LCDs, certain 
optical drives, and ASICs, from single or limited s ources, the Company is subject to significant suppl y and pricing risks. Many of these and other 
key components that are available from multiple sou rces including but not limited to NAND flash memory , DRAM and certain LCDs, are 
subject at times to industry- wide shortages and significant commodity pricing fl uctuations. The Company has entered into certain ag reements for 
the supply of key components including but not limi ted to microprocessors, NAND flash memory, DRAM and  LCDs at favorable pricing, but 
there is no guarantee that the Company will be able  to extend or renew these agreements on similar fav orable terms, or at all, upon expiration or 
otherwise obtain favorable pricing in the future. T he follow-on effects from the credit crisis on the Company’s key suppliers, referred to in “
Economic conditions could materially adversely affe ct the Company ” above, which is incorporated herein by reference, a lso could affect the 
Company’s ability to obtain key components . Therefore, the Company remains subject to significa nt risks of supply shortages and/or price 
increases that could materially adversely affect th e Company’ s financial condition and operating results. The Co mpany expects to experience 
decreases in its gross margin percentage in future periods, as compared to levels achieved during 2010 , largely due to a higher mix of new and 
innovative products that have higher cost structure s and deliver greater value to customers, and expec ted and potential future component cost and 
other cost increases. For additional information re fer to Part II, Item 7, “Management’ s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition an d 
Results of Operations,” under the subheading “Gross  Margin,” which is incorporated herein by reference .  
The Company and other participants in the personal computer, and mobile communication and media device  industries compete for various 
components with other industries that have experien ced increased demand for their products. The Compan y uses some custom components that 
are not common to the rest of these industries. The  Company’ s new products often utilize custom components avai lable from only one source. 
When a component or product uses new technologies, initial capacity constraints may exist until the su ppliers’ yields have matured or 
manufacturing capacity has increased. Continued ava ilability of these components at acceptable prices,  or at all, may be affected if those 
suppliers decided to concentrate on the production of common components instead of components customiz ed to meet the Company’ s 
requirements. If the supply of a key single- sourced component for a new or existing product wer e delayed or constrained, if such components 
were available only at significantly higher prices,  or if a key manufacturing vendor delayed shipments  of completed products to the Company, 
the Company’s financial condition and operating res ults could be materially adversely affected.  
The Company depends on component and product manufa cturing and logistical services provided by third p arties, many of whom are located 
outside of the U.S.  
Substantially all of the Company’s components and p roducts are manufactured in whole or in part by a f ew third-party manufacturers. Many of 
these manufacturers are located outside of the U.S. , and are concentrated in several general locations . The Company has also outsourced much of 
its transportation and logistics management. While these arrangements may lower operating costs, they also reduce the Company’ s direct control 
over production and distribution. It is uncertain w hat effect such diminished control will have on the  quality or quantity of  
   
13  Table of Contents  
products or services, or the Company’s flexibility to respond to changing conditions. In addition, the  Company relies on third- party 
manufacturers to adhere to the Company’ s supplier code of conduct. Although arrangements w ith such manufacturers may contain provisions for 
warranty expense reimbursement, the Company may rem ain responsible to the consumer for warranty servic e in the event of product defects. 
Any unanticipated product defect or warranty liabil ity, whether pursuant to arrangements with contract  manufacturers or otherwise, could 
materially adversely affect the Company’s reputatio n, financial condition and operating results.  
Final assembly of the Company’s products is current ly performed in the Company’ s manufacturing facility in Ireland, and by externa l vendors in 
California, Texas, China, the Czech Republic and Ko rea. Currently, the supply and manufacture of many critical components is performed by 
sole-sourced third- party vendors in the U.S., China, Germany, Ireland,  Israel, Japan, Korea, Malaysia, the Netherlands, t he Philippines, Taiwan, 
Thailand and Singapore. Sole-sourced third-party ve ndors in China perform final assembly of substantia lly all of the Company’ s Mac products, 
iPhones, iPads and iPods. If manufacturing or logis tics in these locations is disrupted for any reason , including but not limited to, natural 
disasters, information technology system failures, military actions or economic, business, labor, envi ronmental, public health, or political issues, 
the Company’s financial condition and operating res ults could be materially adversely affected.  
The Company relies on third-party digital content, which may not be available to the Company on commer cially reasonable terms or at all.  
The Company contracts with certain third parties to  offer their digital content through the Company’s iTunes Store. The Company’ s licensing 
arrangements with these third parties are short- term and do not guarantee the continuation or renew al of these arrangements on reasonable terms, 
if at all. Some third- party content providers currently or in the future may offer competing products and services, and coul d take action to make 
it more difficult or impossible for the Company to license their content in the future. Other content owners, providers or distributors may seek to 
limit the Company’ s access to, or increase the total cost of, such co ntent. If the Company is unable to continue to offe r a wide variety of content 
at reasonable prices with acceptable usage rules, o r continue to expand its geographic reach, the Comp any’s financial condition and operating 
results may be materially adversely affected.  
Many third-party content providers require that the  Company provide certain digital rights management (“DRM”) and other security solutions. If 
these requirements change, the Company may have to develop or license new technology to provide these solutions. There is no assurance the 
Company will be able to develop or license such sol utions at a reasonable cost and in a timely manner.  In addition, certain countries have passed 
or may propose legislation that would force the Com pany to license its DRM, which could lessen the pro tection of content and subject it to 
piracy and also could affect arrangements with the Company’s content providers.  
The Company relies on access to third-party patents  and intellectual property, and the Company’ s future results could be materially adversely 
affected if it is alleged or found to have infringe d intellectual property rights.  
Many of the Company’s products are designed to incl ude third- party intellectual property, and in the future the Company may need to seek or 
renew licenses relating to various aspects of its p roducts and business methods. Although the Company believes that, based on past experience 
and industry practice, such licenses generally coul d be obtained on reasonable terms, there is no assu rance that the necessary licenses would be 
available on acceptable terms or at all.  
Because of technological changes in the industries in which the Company competes, current extensive pa tent coverage, and the rapid issuance of 
new patents, it is possible that certain components  of the Company’ s products and business methods may unknowingly inf ringe the patents or 
other intellectual property rights of third parties . From time to time, the Company has been notified that it may be infringing such rights. 
Regardless of merit, responding to such claims can consume significant time and expense. At present, t he Company is vigorously defending a 
number of patent infringement cases, and several pe nding claims are in various stages of evaluation. I n certain cases, the Company may consider 
the desirability of entering into licensing agreeme nts, although no  
   
14  Table of Contents  
assurance can be given that such licenses can be ob tained on acceptable terms or that litigation will not occur. If the Company is found to be 
infringing such rights, it may be required to pay s ubstantial damages. If there is a temporary or perm anent injunction prohibiting the Company 
from marketing or selling certain products or a suc cessful claim of infringement against the Company r equires it to pay royalties to a third party, 
the Company’s financial condition and operating res ults could be materially adversely affected, regard less of whether it can develop non-
infringing technology. While in management’ s opinion the Company does not have a potential lia bility for damages or royalties from any known 
current legal proceedings or claims related to the infringement of patent or other intellectual proper ty rights that would individually or in the 
aggregate materially adversely affect its financial  condition and operating results, the results of su ch legal proceedings cannot be predicted with 
certainty. Should the Company fail to prevail in an y of the matters related to infringement of patent or other intellectual property rights of others 
or should several of these matters be resolved agai nst the Company in the same reporting period, the C ompany’s financial condition and 
operating results could be materially adversely aff ected.  
With the introduction of iPhones and 3G enabled iPa ds, the Company has begun to compete with mobile co mmunication and media devices 
companies that hold significant patent portfolios. Regardless of the scope or validity of such patents  or the merits of any potential patent claims 
by competitors, the Company may have to engage in p rotracted litigation, enter into expensive agreemen ts or settlements and/or modify its 
products. Any of these events could have a material  adverse impact on the Company’s financial conditio n and operating results.  
The Company’s future performance depends on support  from third-party software developers. If third- party software applications and services 
cease to be developed and maintained for the Compan y’s products, customers may choose not to buy the C ompany’s products.  
The Company believes decisions by customers to purc hase its hardware products, including its Macs, iPh ones, iPads and iPods, are often based 
to a certain extent on the availability of third-pa rty software applications and services. There is no  assurance that third- party developers will 
continue to develop and maintain applications and s ervices for the Company’ s products on a timely basis or at all, and discont inuance or delay of 
these applications and services could materially ad versely affect the Company’s financial condition an d operating results.  
With respect to its Mac products, the Company belie ves the availability of third- party software applications and services depends in  part on the 
developers’ perception and analysis of the relative  benefits of developing, maintaining, and upgrading  such software for the Company’ s products 
compared to Windows- based products. This analysis may be based on facto rs such as the perceived strength of the Company an d its products, 
the anticipated revenue that may be generated, cont inued acceptance by customers of Mac OS X, and the costs of developing such applications 
and services. If the Company’s minority share of th e global personal computer market causes developers  to question the Company’ s prospects, 
developers could be less inclined to develop or upg rade software for the Company’ s products and more inclined to devote their resour ces to 
developing and upgrading software for the larger Wi ndows market. The Company’ s development of its own software applications and services 
may also negatively affect the decisions of third- party developers, such as Microsoft, Adobe and Goog le, to develop, maintain, and upgrade 
similar or competitive software and services for th e Company’s products.  
With respect to iPhone, iPad and iPod touch, the Co mpany relies on the continued availability and deve lopment of compelling and innovative 
software applications. Unlike third- party software applications for Mac products, the s oftware applications for the iPhone, iPad and iPod touch 
platforms are distributed through a single distribu tion channel, the App Store. The absence of multipl e distribution channels, which are available 
for competing platforms, may limit the availability  and acceptance of third-party applications by the Company’ s customers, thereby causing 
developers to curtail significantly, or stop, devel opment for the Company’ s platforms. In addition, iPhone, iPad and iPod tou ch are subject to 
rapid technological change, and, if third-party dev elopers are unable to keep up with this pace of cha nge, third- party applications might not 
successfully operate and may result in dissatisfied  customers. Further, if the Company develops its ow n software applications and services, such 
development may negatively affect the decisions of third-party developers to develop, maintain,  
   
15  Table of Contents  
and upgrade similar or competitive applications for  the iPhone, iPad and iPod touch platforms. As with  applications for the Company’ s Mac 
products, the availability and development of these  applications also depend on developers’ perceptions and analysis of the relative benefits o f 
developing software for the Company’s products rath er than its competitors’ products, including devices that use competing plat forms. If 
developers focus their efforts on these competing p latforms, the availability and quality of applicati ons for the Company’s devices may suffer.  
The Company’s future operating performance depends on the performance of distributors, carriers and ot her resellers.  
The Company distributes its products through wholes alers, resellers, national and regional retailers, value-added resellers, and cataloguers, many 
of whom distribute products from competing manufact urers. The Company also sells many of its products and resells third- party products in 
most of its major markets directly to customers, ce rtain education customers, cellular network carrier s’ distribution channels and certain resellers 
through its online and retail stores.  
Many resellers operate on narrow operating margins and have been negatively affected in the past by we ak economic conditions. Some resellers 
have perceived the expansion of the Company’ s direct sales as conflicting with their business i nterests as distributors and resellers of the 
Company’s products. Such a perception could discour age resellers from investing resources in the distr ibution and sale of the Company’ s 
products or lead them to limit or cease distributio n of those products. The Company’ s financial condition and operating results could b e 
materially adversely affected if the financial cond ition of these resellers weakens, if resellers stop ped distributing the Company’ s products, or if 
uncertainty regarding demand for the Company’s prod ucts caused resellers to reduce their ordering and marketing of the Company’ s products. 
The Company has invested and will continue to inves t in programs to enhance reseller sales, including staffing selected resellers’ stores with 
Company employees and contractors and improving pro duct placement displays. These programs could requi re a substantial investment while 
providing no assurance of return or incremental rev enue.  
The Company’ s Retail business has required and will continue to  require a substantial investment and commitment of  resources and is subject to 
numerous risks and uncertainties.  
The Company’ s retail stores have required substantial fixed inv estment in equipment and leasehold improvements, in formation systems, 
inventory and personnel. The Company also has enter ed into substantial operating lease commitments for  retail space, with terms ranging from 
five to 20 years, the majority of which are for ten  years. Certain stores have been designed and built  to serve as high- profile venues to promote 
brand awareness and serve as vehicles for corporate  sales and marketing activities. Because of their u nique design elements, locations and size, 
these stores require substantially more investment than the Company’ s more typical retail stores. Due to the high fixed  cost structure associated 
with the Retail segment, a decline in sales or the closure or poor performance of individual or multip le stores could result in significant lease 
termination costs, write- offs of equipment and leasehold improvements, and s everance costs that could materially adversely affe ct the 
Company’s financial condition and operating results .  
Many factors unique to retail operations, some of w hich are beyond the Company’ s control, pose risks and uncertainties that could materially 
adversely affect the Company’s financial condition and operating results. These risks and uncertaintie s include, but are not limited to, macro-
economic factors that could have a negative effect on general retail activity, as well as the Company’ s inability to manage costs associated with 
store construction and operation, inability to sell  third-party products at adequate margins, failure to mana ge relationships with existing retail 
channel partners, more challenging environment in m anaging retail operations outside the U.S., costs a ssociated with unanticipated fluctuations 
in the value of retail inventory, and inability to obtain and renew leases in quality retail locations  at a reasonable cost.  
   
16  Table of Contents  
   
Investment in new business strategies and initiativ es could disrupt the Company ’s ongoing business and present risks not originally  
contemplated.  
The Company has invested, and in the future may inv est, in new business strategies or acquisitions. Su ch endeavors may involve significant risks 
and uncertainties, including distraction of managem ent from current operations, insufficient revenue t o offset liabilities assumed and expenses 
associated with the strategy, inadequate return of capital, and unidentified issues not discovered in the Company’ s due diligence. Because these 
new ventures are inherently risky, no assurance can  be given that such strategies and initiatives will  be successful and will not materially 
adversely affect the Company’s financial condition and operating results.  
The Company’s products and services experience qual ity problems from time to time that can result in d ecreased sales and operating margin.  
The Company sells highly complex hardware and softw are products and services that can contain defects in design and manufacture. 
Sophisticated operating system software and applica tions, such as those sold by the Company, often con tain “bugs” that can unexpectedly 
interfere with the software’ s intended operation. Defects may also occur in com ponents and products the Company purchases from thi rd parties. 
There can be no assurance the Company will be able to detect and fix all defects in the hardware, soft ware and services it sells. Failure to do so 
could result in lost revenue, harm to reputation, a nd significant warranty and other expenses, and cou ld have a material adverse impact on the 
Company’s financial condition and operating results .  
In the U.S. the Company relies on a single cellular  network carrier to provide service for iPhone.  
In the U.S. the Company has contracted with a singl e carrier to provide cellular network services for iPhone on an exclusive basis. If this 
exclusive carrier cannot successfully compete with other carriers in the U.S. market on any basis, inc luding but not limited to the quality and 
coverage of wireless voice and data services, perfo rmance and timely build- out of advanced wireless networks, and pricing and other terms or 
conditions of customer contracts, or if this exclus ive carrier fails to promote iPhone aggressively or  favor other handsets in their promotion and 
sales activities or service plans, sales may be mat erially adversely affected.  
The Company is subject to risks associated with law s, regulations and industry- imposed standards related to mobile communications and media 
devices.  
Laws and regulations related to mobile communicatio ns and media devices in the many jurisdictions in w hich the Company operates are 
extensive and subject to change. Such changes, whic h could include but are not limited to restrictions  on production, manufacture, distribution, 
and use of the device, locking the device to a carr ier’s network, or mandating the use of the device o n more than one carrier’ s network, could 
materially adversely affect the Company’s financial  condition and operating results.  
Mobile communication and media devices, such as iPh ones and 3G enabled iPads, are subject to certifica tion and regulation by governmental 
and standardization bodies, as well as by cellular network carriers for use on their networks. These c ertification processes are extensive and time 
consuming, and could result in additional testing r equirements, product modifications or delays in pro duct shipment dates, which could 
materially adversely affect the Company’s financial  condition and operating results.  
The Company’s success depends largely on the contin ued service and availability of key personnel.  
Much of the Company’ s future success depends on the continued availabil ity and service of key personnel, including its CEO , its executive team 
and highly skilled employees in technical, marketin g and staff positions. Experienced personnel in the  technology industry are in high demand 
and competition for their talents is intense, espec ially in the Silicon Valley, where most of the Comp any’s key personnel are located. There can 
be no assurance that the Company will continue to a ttract and retain key personnel.  
   
17  Table of Contents  
   
Political events, war, terrorism, public health iss ues, natural disasters and other circumstances coul d materially adversely affect the Company.  
War, terrorism, geopolitical uncertainties, public health issues, and other business interruptions hav e caused and could cause damage or 
disruption to international commerce and the global  economy, and thus could have a strong negative eff ect on the Company, its suppliers, 
logistics providers, manufacturing vendors and cust omers, including channel partners. The Company’ s business operations are subject to 
interruption by natural disasters, fire, power shor tages, terrorist attacks, and other hostile acts, l abor disputes, public health issues, and other 
events beyond its control. Such events could decrea se demand for the Company’ s products, make it difficult or impossible for the  Company to 
make and deliver products to its customers, includi ng channel partners, or to receive components from its suppliers, and create delays and 
inefficiencies in the Company’ s supply chain. Should major public health issues, including pandemics, arise, the Company could be ne gatively 
affected by more stringent employee travel restrict ions, additional limitations in freight services, g overnmental actions limiting the movement of 
products between regions, delays in production ramp s of new products, and disruptions in the operation s of the Company’ s manufacturing 
vendors and component suppliers. The majority of th e Company’ s research and development activities, its corporat e headquarters, information 
technology systems, and other critical business ope rations, including certain component suppliers and manufacturing vendors, are in locations 
that could be affected by natural disasters. In the  event of a natural disaster, losses and significan t recovery time could be required to resume 
operations and the Company’s financial condition an d operating results could be materially adversely a ffected.  
The Company may be subject to information technolog y system failures, network disruptions and breaches  in data security.  
Information technology system failures, network dis ruptions and breaches of data security caused by su ch factors, including but not limited to, 
earthquakes, fire, theft, fraud, malicious attack o r other causes could disrupt the Company’ s operations by causing delays or cancellation of 
customer, including channel partner, orders, negati vely affecting the Company’ s online, iTunes, MobileMe and retail offerings and  services, 
impeding the manufacture or shipment of products, p rocessing transactions and reporting financial resu lts, resulting in the unintentional 
disclosure of customer or Company information, or d amage to the Company’ s reputation. While management has taken steps to a ddress these 
concerns by implementing sophisticated network secu rity and internal control measures, there can be no  assurance that a system failure or loss or 
data security breach will not materially adversely affect the Company’s financial condition and operat ing results.  
The Company expects its quarterly revenue and opera ting results to fluctuate for a variety of reasons.   
The Company’s profit margins vary among its product s and its distribution channels. The Company’ s software, accessories, and service and 
support contracts generally have higher gross margi ns than certain of the Company’s other products. Gr oss margins on the Company’ s hardware 
products vary across product lines and can change o ver time as a result of product transitions, pricin g and configuration changes, and 
component, warranty, and other cost fluctuations. T he Company’ s direct sales generally have higher associated gro ss margins than its indirect 
sales through its channel partners. In addition, th e Company’ s gross margin and operating margin percentages, as  well as overall profitability, 
may be materially adversely impacted as a result of  a shift in product, geographic or channel mix, new  products, component cost increases, 
strengthening U.S. dollar, or price competition. Th e Company has typically experienced greater net sal es in the first and fourth fiscal quarters 
compared to the second and third fiscal quarters du e to seasonal demand related to the holiday season and the beginning of the school year, 
respectively. Furthermore, the Company sells more p roducts from time-to- time during the third month of a quarter than it do es during either of 
the first two months. Developments late in a quarte r, such as lower-than-anticipated demand for the Co mpany’s products, issues with new 
product introductions, an internal systems failure,  or failure of one of the Company’ s key logistics, components supply, or manufacturin g 
partners, could have a material adverse impact on t he Company’s financial condition and operating resu lts.  
   
18  Table of Contents  
   
The Company’s stock price continues to be volatile.   
The Company’ s stock has at times experienced substantial price volatility due to a number of factors, including bu t not limited to variations 
between its actual and anticipated financial result s, announcements by the Company and its competitors , and uncertainty about current global 
economic conditions. The stock market as a whole al so has experienced extreme price and volume fluctua tions that have affected the market 
price of many technology companies in ways that may  have been unrelated to these companies’ operating performance. Furthermore, the 
Company believes its stock price reflects high futu re growth and profitability expectations. If the Co mpany fails to meet these expectations its 
stock price may significantly decline, which could have a material adverse impact on investor confiden ce and employee retention.  
The Company’s business is subject to the risks of i nternational operations.  
The Company derives a significant portion of its re venue and earnings from its international operation s. Compliance with U.S. and foreign laws 
and regulations that apply to the Company’s interna tional operations, including without limitation imp ort and export requirements, anti-
corruption laws, tax laws (including U.S. taxes on foreign subsidiaries), foreign exchange controls an d cash repatriation restrictions, data privacy 
requirements, labor laws, and anti- competition regulations, increases the costs of doi ng business in foreign jurisdictions, and any such costs, 
which may rise in the future as a result of changes  in these laws and regulations or in their interpre tation. Furthermore, the Company has 
implemented policies and procedures designed to ens ure compliance with these laws and regulations, but  there can be no assurance that the 
Company’s employees, contractors, or agents will no t violate such laws and regulations or the Company’ s policies. Any such violations could 
individually or in the aggregate materially adverse ly affect the Company’s financial condition or oper ating results.  
The Company’ s financial condition and operating results also co uld be significantly affected by other risks associ ated with international 
activities, including but not limited to, economic and labor conditions, increased duties, taxes and o ther costs, political instability, and changes in 
the value of the U.S. dollar versus local currencie s. Margins on sales of the Company’ s products in foreign countries, and on sales of pr oducts 
that include components obtained from foreign suppl iers, could be materially adversely affected by for eign currency exchange rate fluctuations 
and by international trade regulations, including d uties, tariffs and antidumping penalties. Additiona lly, the Company is exposed to credit and 
collectability risk on its trade receivables with c ustomers in certain international markets. There ca n be no assurance it can effectively limit its 
credit risk and avoid losses, which could materiall y adversely affect the Company’s financial conditio n and operating results.  
The Company’s primary exposure to movements in fore ign currency exchange rates relate to non- U.S. dollar denominated sales in Europe, 
Japan, Australia, Canada and certain parts of Asia,  as well as non- U.S. dollar denominated operating expenses incurred  throughout the world. 
Weakening of foreign currencies relative to the U.S . dollar will adversely affect the U.S. dollar valu e of the Company’s foreign currency-
denominated sales and earnings, and generally will lead the Company to raise international pricing, po tentially reducing demand for the 
Company’ s products. In some circumstances, due to competiti on or other reasons, the Company may decide not to raise local prices to the full 
extent of the dollar’s strengthening, or at all, wh ich would adversely affect the U.S. dollar value of  the Company’ s foreign currency denominated 
sales and earnings. Conversely, a strengthening of foreign currencies, while generally beneficial to t he Company’s foreign currency- denominated 
sales and earnings, could cause the Company to redu ce international pricing and incur losses on its fo reign currency derivative instruments, 
thereby limiting the benefit. Additionally, strengt hening of foreign currencies may also increase the Company’ s cost of product components 
denominated in those currencies, thus adversely aff ecting gross margins.  
The Company has used derivative instruments, such a s foreign currency forward and option contracts, to  hedge certain exposures to fluctuations 
in foreign currency exchange rates. The use of such  hedging activities may not offset any or more than  a portion of the adverse financial effects 
of unfavorable movements in foreign exchange rates over the limited time the hedges are in place.  
   
19  Table of Contents  
   
The Company is exposed to credit risk and fluctuati ons in the market values of its investment portfoli o.  
Although the Company has not recognized any signifi cant losses to date on its cash, cash equivalents a nd marketable securities, any significant 
future declines in their market values could materi ally adversely affect the Company’ s financial condition and operating results. Given the global 
nature of its business, the Company has investments  both domestically and internationally. Credit rati ngs and pricing of these investments can be 
negatively impacted by liquidity, credit deteriorat ion or losses, financial results, or other factors.  As a result, the value or liquidity of the 
Company’ s cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities could decline and result in a material impairment, which could materially adversely 
affect the Company’s financial condition and operat ing results.  
The Company is exposed to credit risk on its trade accounts receivable, vendor non-trade receivables a nd prepayments related to long- term 
supply agreements. This risk is heightened during p eriods when economic conditions worsen.  
The Company distributes its products through third- party cellular network carriers, wholesalers, retai lers and value- added resellers. A substantial 
majority of the Company’s outstanding trade receiva bles are not covered by collateral or credit insura nce. The Company’ s exposure to credit and 
collectability risk on its trade receivables are in creased in certain international markets and its ab ility to mitigate such risks may be limited. 
Cellular network carriers accounted for a significa nt potion of the Company’ s trade receivables as of September 25, 2010. The C ompany also has 
unsecured vendor non- trade receivables resulting from purchases of compo nents by contract manufacturers and other vendors t hat manufacture 
sub-assemblies or assemble final products for the C ompany. Two vendors accounted for a significant por tion of the Company’s non- trade 
receivables as of September 25, 2010. In addition, the Company has made prepayments associated with lo ng-term supply agreements to secure 
supply of certain inventory components. While the C ompany has procedures to monitor and limit exposure  to credit risk on its trade and vendor 
non-trade receivables as well as long- term prepayments, there can be no assurance such pr ocedures will effectively limit its credit risk and  avoid 
losses, which could materially adversely affect the  Company’s financial condition and operating result s.  
The matters relating to the Company’ s past stock option practices and its restatement o f consolidated financial statements may result in 
additional litigation.  
The Company’ s investigation into its past stock option practice s and its restatement of prior financial statements  in the Annual Report on Form 
10-K for the year ended September 30, 2006 gave ris e to litigation and government investigations. As d escribed in Part I, Item 3, “ Legal 
Proceedings,” several derivative and class action complaints rega rding stock options were filed against the Company and current and former 
officers and directors. These actions have been dis missed following a comprehensive settlement. Two fo rmer officers of the Company were also 
named as defendants in an SEC enforcement action, w hich has been settled.  
No assurance can be given that additional actions w ill not be filed against the Company and current an d former officers and directors as a result 
of past stock option practices. If such actions are  filed and result in adverse findings, the remedies  could materially adversely affect the 
Company’s financial condition and operating results .  
Unfavorable results of legal proceedings could mate rially adversely affect the Company.  
The Company is subject to various legal proceedings  and claims that have arisen out of the ordinary co nduct of its business and are not yet 
resolved and additional claims may arise in the fut ure. Results of legal proceedings cannot be predict ed with certainty. Regardless of merit, 
litigation may be both time-consuming and disruptiv e to the Company’ s operations and cause significant expense and dive rsion of management 
attention. In recognition of these considerations, the Company may enter into material settlements. Sh ould the Company fail to prevail in certain 
matters, or should several of these matters be reso lved against the Company in the same reporting peri od, the Company may be faced with 
significant monetary damages or injunctive relief a gainst it that would materially adversely affect a portion of its business and might materially 
affect the Company’s financial condition and operat ing results.  
   
20  Table of Contents  
   
The Company is subject to risks associated with law s and regulations related to health, safety and env ironmental protection.  
The Company’ s products and services, and the production and dis tribution of those goods and services, are subject to a variety of laws and 
regulations. These may require the Company to offer  customers the ability to return a product at the e nd of its useful life and place responsibility 
for environmentally safe disposal or recycling with  the Company. Such laws and regulations have been p assed in several jurisdictions in which 
the Company operates, including various countries w ithin Europe and Asia and certain states and provin ces within North America. Although the 
Company does not anticipate any material adverse ef fects based on the nature of its operations and the  focus of such laws, there is no assurance 
such existing laws or future laws will not material ly adversely affect the Company’s financial conditi on and operating results.  
Changes in the Company’ s tax rates, the adoption of new U.S. or internatio nal tax legislation or exposure to additional tax l iabilities could 
affect its future results.  
The Company is subject to taxes in the United State s and numerous foreign jurisdictions. The Company’ s future effective tax rates could be 
affected by changes in the mix of earnings in count ries with differing statutory tax rates, changes in  the valuation of deferred tax assets and 
liabilities, or changes in tax laws or their interp retation. In addition, the current administration a nd Congress have announced proposals for new 
U.S. tax legislation that, if adopted, could advers ely affect the Company’ s tax rate. Any of these changes could have a mater ial adverse affect on 
the Company’ s profitability. The Company is also subject to the  continual examination of its income tax returns by  the Internal Revenue Service 
and other tax authorities. The Company regularly as sesses the likelihood of adverse outcomes resulting  from these examinations to determine the 
adequacy of its provision for taxes. There can be n o assurance that the outcomes from these examinatio ns will not materially adversely affect the 
Company’s financial condition and operating results .  
The Company is subject to risks associated with the  availability and coverage of insurance.  
For certain risks, the Company does not maintain in surance coverage because of cost and/or availabilit y. Because the Company retains some 
portion of its insurable risks, and in some cases s elf-insures completely, unforeseen or catastrophic loss es in excess of insured limits could 
materially adversely affect the Company’s financial  condition and operating results.  
   
None.  
   
The Company’ s headquarters are located in Cupertino, California . As of September 25, 2010, the Company owned or le ased approximately 
10.6 million square feet of building space, primari ly in the U.S., and to a lesser extent, in Europe, Japan, Canada, and the Asia- Pacific regions. 
Of that amount, approximately 5.6 million square fe et was leased, of which approximately 2.5 million s quare feet was retail building space. 
Additionally, the Company owns a total of 480 acres  of land in various locations.  
As of September 25, 2010, the Company owned a manuf acturing facility in Cork, Ireland that also housed  a customer support call center and 
facilities in Elk Grove, California that included w arehousing and distribution operations and a custom er support call center. In addition, the 
Company owned facilities for research and developme nt and corporate functions in Cupertino, California , including land for the future 
development of the Company’ s second corporate campus. The Company also owned a  data center in Newark, California and land in Nort h 
Carolina for a new data center facility currently u nder construction. Outside the U.S., the Company ow ned additional facilities for various 
purposes.  
   
21  Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
Item 2. Properties Table of Contents  
   
The Company believes its existing facilities and eq uipment are in good operating condition and are sui table for the conduct of its business. The 
Company has invested in internal capacity and strat egic relationships with outside manufacturing vendo rs and continues to make investments in 
capital equipment as needed to meet anticipated dem and for its products.  
   
As of September 25, 2010, the end of the annual per iod covered by this report, the Company was subject  to the various legal proceedings and 
claims discussed below, as well as certain other le gal proceedings and claims that have not been fully  resolved and that have arisen in the 
ordinary course of business. In the opinion of mana gement, the Company does not have a potential liabi lity related to any current legal 
proceeding or claim that would individually or in t he aggregate materially adversely affect its financ ial condition or operating results. However, 
the results of legal proceedings cannot be predicte d with certainty. Should the Company fail to prevai l in any of these legal matters or should 
several of these legal matters be resolved against the Company in the same reporting period, the opera ting results of a particular reporting period 
could be materially adversely affected. The Company  settled certain matters during the fourth quarter of 2010 that did not individually or in the 
aggregate have a material impact on the Company’s f inancial condition and results of operations.  
Branning et al. v. Apple Computer, Inc.  
Plaintiffs originally filed this purported class ac tion against the Company on February 17, 2005 on be half of putative classes of consumers and 
resellers and is currently pending in the Santa Cla ra Superior Court. In general, the consumer plainti ffs allege that the Company “shorted” the 
coverage provided under its warranties and AppleCar e Protection Plan extended service contracts and so ld plaintiffs used products that were 
represented to be new. In general, the reseller pla intiffs allege that the Company damaged their busin esses by opening the Apple retail stores and 
making misrepresentations in connection with doing so. The complaint seeks unspecified damages and oth er relief. Currently no plaintiff classes 
are certified, although reseller plaintiffs’ motion  to certify a class of Apple specialist resellers, is set for hearing on November 2, 2010.  
In re Apple & ATTM Antitrust Litigation  
This is a purported class action filed against the Company and AT&T Mobility in the United States Dist rict Court for the Northern District of 
California. The Consolidated Complaint alleges that  the Company and AT&T Mobility violated the federal  antitrust laws by monopolizing 
and/or attempting to monopolize the “aftermarket fo r voice and data services” for the iPhone and that the Company monopolized and /or 
attempted to monopolize the “aftermarket for softwa re applications for iPhones.” The Consolidated Complaint also alleges that Apple violated 
numerous laws by intentionally “bricking” ( rendering inoperable) iPhones through the release o f iPhone software update 1.1.1. On July 8, 2010, 
the Court granted Apple’s motion for summary judgme nt on all of plaintiffs’ claims related to the alleged bricking of iPhones. In the same July 
8, 2010 order the Court granted in part plaintiffs’  motion for class certification, certifying a class  related to plaintiffs’ antitrust claims. The case 
is currently stayed until a status conference with the Judge is held on November 15, 2010.  
Mediostream, Inc. v. Acer America Corp. et al.  
Plaintiff filed this action against the Company, Ac er America Corp., Dell, Inc. and Gateway, Inc. on A ugust 28, 2007, in the United States 
District Court for the Eastern District of Texas al leging infringement of U.S. Patent No. 7,009,655. P laintiff seeks unspecified damages and other 
relief. This case is currently pending.  
Mirror Worlds, LLC. v. Apple Inc.  
Plaintiff filed this action against the Company on March 14, 2008, in the United States District Court  for the Eastern District of Texas, alleging 
that certain of the Company’ s products infringed U.S. Patent Nos. 6,006,227, 6, 638,313 and 6,725,427. On October 1, 2010, a jury r eturned a 
verdict finding the Company had infringed all  
   
22  Item 3. Legal Proceedings Table of Contents  
three patents, and awarding damages of $208 million  per patent. The jury also found the infringement h ad been willful. The court has 
scheduled post verdict motions, and has set a heari ng date of December 9, 2010. The Company is challen ging the verdict, and will be filing a 
request for judgment as a matter of law, remittitur , and in the alternative, a request for a new trial .  
Motorola Mobility, Inc. v. Apple, Inc.  
Motorola Mobility Inc. (“Motorola”) filed complaints against the Company in the United States District Court for the Districts of Florida,  
Illinois, Delaware and in the International Trade C ommission (“ITC”). These complaints include claims of patent infringem ent related to certain 
of the Company’ s products. Motorola alleges that certain of its as serted patents are essential to one or more of the GSM, UMTS, 802.16e and 
802.11 wireless communications standards, and ackno wledges its commitment to license these patents on fair, reasonable, and non-
discriminatory (“FRAND”) terms and conditions. Motorola seeks unspecified FR AND compensation, damages and other declaratory and  
injunctive relief in these pending district court a ctions as well as an exclusion order from the ITC. These cases are currently pending.  
Nokia Corporation v. Apple Inc.; Apple Inc. v. Noki a Corporation  
Nokia Corporation ( “Nokia”) and the Company have asserted multiple claims again st one another in lawsuits pending in the United St ates 
District Courts for the Districts of Delaware and W isconsin, in the ITC, in the United Kingdom High Co urt of Justice and the German Patent 
Court in Dusseldorf. These cases include claims and  counterclaims by Nokia and the Company of patent i nfringement related to iPhones, iPods, 
iPads and Apple computers, and Nokia’ s mobile computing devices. Nokia alleges that cert ain of its asserted patents are essential to one or  more 
of the GSM, UMTS and 802.11 wireless communications  standards, and acknowledges its commitment to lice nse them on FRAND terms and 
conditions. Nokia seeks unspecified FRAND compensat ion, damages and other declaratory and injunctive r elief in these pending District Court 
actions as well as an exclusion order from the ITC.  The Company also has asserted claims and countercl aims for declaratory judgments of non-
infringement and invalidity of Nokia’s asserted pat ents as well as for breach of contract, promissory estoppel and antitrust violations.  
The Apple iPod iTunes Antitrust Litigation (formerl y Charoensak v. Apple Computer, Inc. and Tucker v. Apple Computer, Inc.); Somers v. Apple 
Inc.  
The first- listed action is a consolidated case filed in the U nited States District Court for the Northern Distri ct of California combining two cases 
previously pending under the names Charoensak v. Apple Computer Inc. (formerly Slatter y v. Apple Computer Inc ., filed on January 3, 2005 ) 
and Tucker v. Apple Computer, Inc . (filed on July 21, 2006). The second listed actio n is a related complaint, Somers v. Apple, Inc., which was 
filed on December 31, 2007, also in the United Stat es District Court for the Northern District of Cali fornia. These cases have been filed on behalf 
of a purported class of direct and indirect purchas ers of iPods and iTunes Store content, alleging var ious claims including alleged unlawful tying 
of music and video purchased on the iTunes Store wi th the purchase of iPods and unlawful acquisition o r maintenance of monopoly market 
power and unlawful acquisition or maintenance of mo nopoly market power under §§1 and 2 of the Sherman Act, the Cartwright Act, California 
Business & Professions Code §17200 (unfair competit ion), the California Consumer Legal Remedies Act an d California monopolization law. 
The cases are currently pending.  
Vogel et al. v. Jobs et al.  
On August 24, 2006, plaintiffs filed a purported sh areholder class action in the United States Distric t Court for the Northern District of 
California against the Company and certain current and former officers and directors, alleging imprope r backdating of stock option grants to 
maximize certain defendants’ profits, failing to properly account for those gran ts and issuing false financial statements. On June 27, 2008, 
plaintiffs filed another, similar purported shareho lder class action in the United States District Cou rt for the Northern District of California. The 
parties have reached a settlement and have obtained  preliminary court approval.  
   
23  Table of Contents  
   
PART II  
   
The Company’s common stock is traded on the over-th e-counter market and is quoted on the NASDAQ Global S elect Market under the symbol 
AAPL.  
Price Range of Common Stock  
The price range per share of common stock presented  below represents the highest and lowest sales pric es for the Company’ s common stock on 
the NASDAQ Global Select Market during each quarter  of the two most recent years.  
   
Holders  
As of October 15, 2010, there were 29,405 sharehold ers of record.  
Dividends  
The Company did not declare or pay cash dividends i n either 2010 or 2009. The Company anticipates that  for the foreseeable future it will retain 
any earnings for use in the operation of its busine ss.  
Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Af filiated Purchasers  
None.  
   
24  Item 5. Market for Registrant ’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Is suer Purchases of Equity Securities 
     Fourth Quarter      Third Quarter      Second Quarter      First Quarter   
Fiscal 2010 price range per common share     $ 293.53 - $235.56       $ 279.01 - $199.25       $ 231.95 - $190.25       $ 209.35 - $180.70    
Fiscal 2009 price range per common share     $ 188.90 - $134.42       $ 146.40 - $102.61       $ 109.98 - $  78.20       $ 119.68 - $  79.14    Table of Contents  
   
Company Stock Performance  
The following graph shows a five- year comparison of cumulative total shareholder ret urn, calculated on a dividend reinvested basis, for  the 
Company, the S&P 500 Composite Index, the S&P Compu ter Hardware Index, and the Dow Jones U.S. Technolo gy Index. The Company has 
added the Dow Jones U.S. Technology Index to the gr aph to capture the stock performance of companies w hose products and services more 
closely relate to those of the Company. The Dow Jon es U.S. Technology Index incorporates software and computer services companies, as well 
as technology hardware and equipment companies. The  graph assumes $100 was invested in each of the Com pany’s common stock, the S&P 
500 Composite Index, the S&P Computer Hardware Inde x, and the Dow Jones U.S. Technology Index on Septe mber 30, 2005. Data points on 
the graph are annual. Note that historic stock pric e performance is not necessarily indicative of futu re stock price performance.  
  
*$100 invested on 9/30/05 in stock or index, includ ing reinvestment of dividends.  
Copyright 2010 S&P, a division of The McGraw -Hill Companies Inc. All rights reserved.  
Copyright 2010 Dow Jones & Co. All rights reserved.   
   
   
25  
    September 30, 
 
2005     September 30, 
 
2006     September 30, 
 
2007     September 30, 
 
2008     September 30, 
 
2009     September 30, 
 
2010   
Apple Inc.    $   100      $   144      $   286      $   212      $   346      $   529    
S&P 500    $ 100      $ 111      $ 129      $ 101      $ 94      $ 103    
S&P Computer Hardware    $ 100      $ 107      $ 158      $ 132      $ 157      $ 186    
Dow Jones US 
Technology    $ 100      $ 106      $ 131      $ 100      $ 111      $ 124    © 
© Table of Contents  
   
The information set forth below for the five years ended September 25, 2010, is not necessarily indica tive of results of future operations, and 
should be read in conjunction with Item 7, “Managem ent’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Conditio n and Results of Operations” and the 
consolidated financial statements and related notes  thereto included in Item 8 of this Form 10- K to fully understand factors that may affect the 
comparability of the information presented below (i n millions, except share amounts which are reflecte d in thousands and per share amounts).  
   
   
26  Item 6. Selected Financial Data 
     2010      2009      2008      2007      2006   
Net sales     $ 65,225       $ 42,905       $ 37,491       $ 24,578       $ 19,315    
Net income     $ 14,013       $ 8,235       $ 6,119       $ 3,495       $ 1,989    
Earnings per common share:                 
Basic     $ 15.41       $ 9.22       $ 6.94       $ 4.04       $ 2.36    
Diluted     $ 15.15       $ 9.08       $ 6.78       $ 3.93       $ 2.27    
Cash dividends declared per common share     $ 0       $ 0       $ 0       $ 0       $ 0    
Shares used in computing earnings per share:                 
Basic       909,461         893,016         881,592         864,595         844,058    
Diluted       924,712         907,005         902,139         889,292         877,526    
Total cash, cash equivalents and marketable securit ies     $ 51,011       $ 33,992       $ 24,490       $ 15,386       $ 10,110    
Total assets     $ 75,183       $ 47,501       $ 36,171       $ 24,878       $ 17,205    
Total long -term obligations (a)     $ 5,531       $ 3,502       $ 1,745       $ 687       $ 395    
Total liabilities     $ 27,392       $ 15,861       $ 13,874       $ 10,347       $ 7,221    
Total shareholders ’ equity     $ 47,791       $ 31,640       $ 22,297       $ 14,531       $ 9,984    
  
(a) The Company did not have any long-term debt dur ing the five years ended September 25, 2010. Long-t erm obligations excludes non-
current deferred revenue.  Table of Contents  
   
This section and other parts of this Form 10-K cont ain forward-looking statements that involve risks a nd uncertainties. Forward- looking 
statements can also be identified by words such as “anticipates,” “expects,” “believes,” “plans,” “pre dicts,” and similar terms. Forward-
looking statements are not guarantees of future per formance and the Company’ s actual results may differ significantly from the results discussed 
in the forward- looking statements. Factors that might cause such d ifferences include, but are not limited to, those d iscussed in the subsection 
entitled “Risk Factors” above, which are incorporated herein by reference. The following discussion should be read in conjunct ion with the 
consolidated financial statements and notes thereto  included in Item 8 of this Form 10- K. All information presented herein is based on the  
Company’s fiscal calendar. Unless otherwise stated,  references in this report to particular years or q uarters refer to the Company’ s fiscal years 
ended in September and the associated quarters of t hose fiscal years. The Company assumes no obligatio n to revise or update any forward-
looking statements for any reason, except as requir ed by law.  
Executive Overview  
The Company designs, manufactures, and markets a ra nge of personal computers, mobile communication and  media devices, and portable digital 
music players, and sells a variety of related softw are, services, peripherals, networking solutions, a nd third-party digital content and applications. 
The Company’ s products and services include Mac computers, iPho ne, iPad, iPod, Apple TV, Xserve, a portfolio of co nsumer and professional 
software applications, the Mac OS X and iOS operati ng systems, third- party digital content and applications through the iTunes Store, and a 
variety of accessory, service and support offerings . The Company sells its products worldwide through its retail stores, online stores, and direct 
sales force, and third-party cellular network carri ers, wholesalers, retailers, and value- added resellers. In addition, the Company sells a v ariety of 
third-party Mac, iPhone, iPad and iPod compatible product s, including application software, printers, storag e devices, speakers, headphones, and 
various other accessories and peripherals through i ts online and retail stores. The Company sells to S MB, education, enterprise, government, and 
creative markets.  
The Company is committed to bringing the best user experience to its customers through its innovative hardware, software, peripherals, services, 
and Internet offerings. The Company’ s business strategy leverages its unique ability to  design and develop its own operating systems, hard ware, 
application software, and services to provide its c ustomers new products and solutions with superior e ase-of-use, seamless integration, and 
innovative industrial design. The Company believes continual investment in research and development is  critical to the development and 
enhancement of innovative products and technologies . In conjunction with its strategy, the Company con tinues to build and host a robust 
platform for the discovery and delivery of third- party digital content and applications through the iTunes Store. Within the iTunes Store, the 
Company has expanded its offerings through the App Store and iBookstore, which allow customers to brow se, search for, and purchase third-
party applications and books through either a Mac o r Windows- based computer or by wirelessly downloading directl y to an iPhone, iPad or iPod 
touch. The Company also works to support a communit y for the development of third- party software and hardware products and digital co ntent 
that complement the Company’s offerings. Additional ly, the Company’ s strategy includes expanding its distribution netw ork to effectively reach 
more customers and provide them with a high-quality  sales and post- sales support experience. The Company is therefore uniquely positioned to 
offer superior and well-integrated digital lifestyl e and productivity solutions.  
The Company participates in several highly competit ive markets, including personal computers with its Mac computers; mobile communications 
and media devices with its iPhone, iPad and iPod pr oduct families; and distribution of third- party digital content and applications with its onl ine 
iTunes Store. While the Company is widely recognize d as a leading innovator in the markets where it co mpetes, these markets are highly 
competitive and subject to aggressive pricing. To r emain competitive, the Company believes that increa sed investment in research and 
development and marketing and advertising is necess ary to maintain or expand its position in the marke ts where it competes. The Company’ s 
research and development spending is focused on fur ther developing its existing Mac line of personal c omputers; the Mac OS X and iOS 
operating systems; application software for  
   
27  Item 7. Management ’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition an d Results of Operations Table of Contents  
the Mac; iPhone, iPad and iPod and related software ; development of new digital lifestyle consumer and  professional software applications; and 
investing in new product areas and technologies. Th e Company also believes increased investment in mar keting and advertising programs is 
critical to increasing product and brand awareness.   
The Company utilizes a variety of direct and indire ct distribution channels, including its retail stor es, online stores, and direct sales force, and 
third-party cellular network carriers, wholesalers,  retailers, and value- added resellers. The Company believes that sales of  its innovative and 
differentiated products are enhanced by knowledgeab le salespersons who can convey the value of the har dware, software, and peripheral 
integration, demonstrate the unique digital lifesty le solutions that are available on its products, an d demonstrate the compatibility of the Mac 
with the Windows platform and networks. The Company  further believes providing direct contact with its  targeted customers is an effective way 
to demonstrate the advantages of its products over those of its competitors and providing a high-quali ty sales and after- sales support experience 
is critical to attracting new and retaining existin g customers. To ensure a high- quality buying experience for its products in which  service and 
education are emphasized, the Company continues to expand and improve its distribution capabilities by  expanding the number of its own retail 
stores worldwide. Additionally, the Company has inv ested in programs to enhance reseller sales by plac ing high quality Apple fixtures, 
merchandising materials and other resources within selected third- party reseller locations. Through the Apple Premium  Reseller Program, certain 
third-party resellers focus on the Apple platform b y providing a high level of integration and support  services, and product expertise.  
Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates  
The preparation of financial statements and related  disclosures in conformity with U.S. generally acce pted accounting principles (“GAAP”) and 
the Company’s discussion and analysis of its financ ial condition and operating results require the Com pany’s management to make judgments, 
assumptions and estimates that affect the amounts r eported in its consolidated financial statements an d accompanying notes. Note 1, “ Summary 
of Significant Accounting Policies” of Notes to Con solidated Financial Statements in this Form 10- K describes the significant accounting 
policies and methods used in the preparation of the  Company’ s consolidated financial statements. Management bas es its estimates on historical 
experience and on various other assumptions it beli eves to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making 
judgments about the carrying values of assets and l iabilities. Actual results may differ from these es timates and such differences may be material. 
Management believes the Company’ s critical accounting policies and estimates are th ose related to revenue recognition, valuation and 
impairment of marketable securities, inventory valu ation and inventory purchase commitments, warranty costs, income taxes, and legal and other 
contingencies. Management considers these policies critical because they are both important to the por trayal of the Company’ s financial 
condition and operating results, and they require m anagement to make judgments and estimates about inh erently uncertain matters. The 
Company’ s senior management has reviewed these critical acc ounting policies and related disclosures with the A udit and Finance Committee of 
the Company’s Board of Directors.  
Revenue Recognition  
Net sales consist primarily of revenue from the sal e of hardware, software, digital content and applic ations, peripherals, and service and support 
contracts. The Company recognizes revenue when pers uasive evidence of an arrangement exists, delivery has occurred, the sales price is fixed or 
determinable, and collection is probable. Product i s considered delivered to the customer once it has been shipped and title and risk of loss have 
been transferred. For most of the Company’ s product sales, these criteria are met at the time  the product is shipped. For online sales to 
individuals, for some sales to education customers in the U.S., and for certain other sales, the Compa ny defers recognition of revenue until the 
customer receives the product because the Company r etains a portion of the risk of loss on these sales  during transit. The Company recognizes 
revenue from the sale of hardware products (e.g., M acs, iPhones, iPads, iPods and peripherals), softwa re bundled with hardware that is  
   
28  Table of Contents  
essential to the functionality of the hardware, and  third-party digital content sold on the iTunes Store in a ccordance with general revenue 
recognition accounting guidance. The Company recogn izes revenue in accordance with industry specific s oftware accounting guidance for the 
following types of sales transactions: (i) standalo ne sales of software products, (ii) sales of softwa re upgrades and (iii) sales of software bundled 
with hardware not essential to the functionality of  the hardware.  
For multi-element arrangements that include tangibl e products containing software essential to the tan gible product’ s functionality and 
undelivered software elements relating to the tangi ble product’ s essential software, the Company allocates revenue  to all deliverables based on 
their relative selling prices. In such circumstance s, the Company uses a hierarchy to determine the se lling price to be used for allocating revenue 
to deliverables: (i) vendor-specific objective evid ence of fair value (“VSOE”), (ii) third-party evide nce of selling price (“TPE”) and (iii) best 
estimate of the selling price (“ESP”). VSOE generally exists only when the Company sells t he deliverable separately and is the price actually  
charged by the Company for that deliverable. ESPs r eflect the Company’ s best estimates of what the selling prices of elem ents would be if they 
were sold regularly on a stand-alone basis.  
For all past and current sales of iPhone, iPad, App le TV and for sales of iPod touch beginning in June  2010, the Company indicated it might 
from time-to- time provide future unspecified software upgrades a nd features free of charge to customers. The Compan y has identified two 
deliverables in arrangements involving the sale of these devices. The first deliverable is the hardwar e and software essential to the functionality 
of the hardware device delivered at the time of sal e. The second deliverable is the embedded right inc luded with the purchase of iPhone, iPad, 
iPod touch and Apple TV to receive on a when-and-if -available basis, future unspecified software upgra des and features relating to the product’ s 
essential software. The Company has allocated reven ue between these two deliverables using the relativ e selling price method. Because the 
Company has neither VSOE nor TPE for the two delive rables, the allocation of revenue has been based on  the Company’ s ESPs. Amounts 
allocated to the delivered hardware and the related  essential software are recognized at the time of s ale provided the other conditions for revenue 
recognition have been met. Amounts allocated to the  embedded unspecified software upgrade right are de ferred and recognized on a straight- line 
basis over the 24- month estimated life of each of these devices. All product cost of sales, including estimated warranty  costs, are recognized at 
the time of sale. Costs for engineering and sales a nd marketing are expensed as incurred. If the estim ated life of the hardware product should 
change, the future rate of amortization of the reve nue allocated to the software upgrade right will al so change.  
The Company’s process for determining its ESP for d eliverables without VSOE or TPE involves management ’s judgment. The Company’ s 
process considers multiple factors that may vary de pending upon the unique facts and circumstances rel ated to each deliverable. The Company 
believes its customers, particularly consumers, wou ld be reluctant to buy unspecified software upgrade  rights related to iPhone, iPad, iPod touch 
and Apple TV. This view is primarily based on the f act that unspecified upgrade rights do not obligate  the Company to provide upgrades at a 
particular time or at all, and do not specify to cu stomers which upgrades or features will be delivere d. Therefore, the Company has concluded if 
it were to sell upgrade rights on a standalone basi s, including those rights associated with iPhone, i Pad, iPod touch and Apple TV, the selling 
price would be relatively low. Key factors consider ed by the Company in developing the ESPs for these upgrade rights include prices charged by 
the Company for similar offerings, the Company’s hi storical pricing practices, the nature of the upgra de rights (e.g., unspecified and when-and-
if-available), and the relative ESP of the upgrade rig hts as compared to the total selling price of the p roduct. The Company may also consider, 
when appropriate, the impact of other products and services, including advertising services, on sellin g price assumptions when developing and 
reviewing its ESPs for software upgrade rights and related deliverables. The Company may also consider  additional factors as appropriate, 
including the pricing of competitive alternatives i f they exist, and product- specific business objectives. If the facts and circ umstances underlying 
the factors considered change or should future fact s and circumstances lead the Company to consider ad ditional factors, the Company’ s ESP for 
software upgrades related to future sales for these  devices could change.  
   
29  Table of Contents  
   
Beginning in the third quarter of 2010 in conjuncti on with the announcement of iOS 4, the Company’ s ESPs for the embedded software upgrade 
rights included with iPhone, iPad and iPod touch re flect the positive financial impact expected by the  Company as a result of its introduction of a 
mobile advertising platform for these devices and t he expectation of customers regarding software that  includes or supports an advertising 
component. iOS 4 supports iAd, the Company’ s new mobile advertising platform, which enables ap plications on iPhone, iPad and iPod touch to 
feature media-rich advertisements within applicatio ns.  
The Company records reductions to revenue for estim ated commitments related to price protection and fo r customer incentive programs, 
including reseller and end-user rebates, and other sales programs and volume- based incentives. For transactions involving price protection, the 
Company recognizes revenue net of the estimated amo unt to be refunded, provided the refund amount can be reasonably and reliably estimated 
and the other conditions for revenue recognition ha ve been met. The Company’ s policy requires that, if refunds cannot be reliab ly estimated, 
revenue is not recognized until reliable estimates can be made or the price protection lapses. For cus tomer incentive programs, the estimated cost 
of these programs is recognized at the later of the  date at which the Company has sold the product or the date at which the program is offered. 
The Company also records reductions to revenue for expected future product returns based on the Compan y’s historical experience. Future 
market conditions and product transitions may requi re the Company to increase customer incentive progr ams and incur incremental price 
protection obligations that could result in additio nal reductions to revenue at the time such programs  are offered. Additionally, certain customer 
incentive programs require management to estimate t he number of customers who will actually redeem the  incentive. Management’ s estimates 
are based on historical experience and the specific  terms and conditions of particular incentive progr ams. If a greater than estimated proportion 
of customers redeem such incentives, the Company wo uld be required to record additional reductions to revenue, which would have a negative 
impact on the Company’s results of operations.  
Valuation and Impairment of Marketable Securities  
The Company’s investments in available-for- sale securities are reported at fair value. Unreali zed gains and losses related to changes in the fair  
value of investments are included in accumulated ot her comprehensive income, net of tax, as reported i n the Company’ s Condensed 
Consolidated Balance Sheets. Changes in the fair va lue of investments impact the Company’ s net income only when such investments are sold 
or an other-than- temporary impairment is recognized. Realized gains and losses on the sale of securities are determined  by specific identification 
of each security’s cost basis. The Company regularl y reviews its investment portfolio to determine if any investment is other-than- temporarily 
impaired due to changes in credit risk or other pot ential valuation concerns, which would require the Company to record an impairment charge in 
the period any such determination is made. In makin g this judgment, the Company evaluates, among other  things, the duration and extent to 
which the fair value of an investment is less than its cost, the financial condition of the issuer and  any changes thereto, and the Company’ s intent 
to sell, or whether it is more likely than not it w ill be required to sell, the investment before reco very of the investment’ s amortized cost basis. 
The Company’s assessment on whether an investment i s other-than- temporarily impaired or not, could change in the fu ture due to new 
developments or changes in assumptions related to a ny particular investment.  
Inventory Valuation and Inventory Purchase Commitme nts  
The Company must order components for its products and build inventory in advance of product shipments . The Company records a write- down 
for inventories of components and products, includi ng third-party products held for resale, which have become o bsolete or are in excess of 
anticipated demand or net realizable value. The Com pany performs a detailed review of inventory each f iscal quarter that considers multiple 
factors including demand forecasts, product life cy cle status, product development plans, current sale s levels, and component cost trends. The 
industries in which the Company competes are subjec t to a rapid and unpredictable pace of product and component obsolescence and demand 
changes. If future demand or market conditions for the Company’ s products are less favorable than forecasted or if  unforeseen technological 
changes negatively impact the utility of component inventory, the Company may be required to record ad ditional write- downs, which would 
negatively affect its results of operations in the period when the write-downs were recorded.  
   
30  Table of Contents  
   
The Company records accruals for estimated cancella tion fees related to component orders that have bee n cancelled or are expected to be 
cancelled. Consistent with industry practice, the C ompany acquires components through a combination of  purchase orders, supplier contracts, 
and open orders based on projected demand informati on. These commitments typically cover the Company’ s requirements for periods ranging 
from 30 to 150 days. If there is an abrupt and subs tantial decline in demand for one or more of the Co mpany’s products or an unanticipated 
change in technological requirements for any of the  Company’ s products, the Company may be required to record a dditional accruals for 
cancellation fees that would negatively affect its results of operations in the period when the cancel lation fees are identified and recorded.  
Warranty Costs  
The Company provides for the estimated cost of hard ware and software warranties at the time the relate d revenue is recognized based on 
historical and projected warranty claim rates, hist orical and projected cost-per- claim, and knowledge of specific product failures t hat are outside 
of the Company’ s typical experience. Each quarter, the Company ree valuates its estimates to assess the adequacy of it s recorded warranty 
liabilities considering the size of the installed b ase of products subject to warranty protection and adjusts the amounts as necessary. If actual 
product failure rates or repair costs differ from e stimates, revisions to the estimated warranty liabi lity would be required and could materially 
affect the Company’s results of operations.  
The Company periodically provides updates to its ap plications and operating system software to maintai n the software’ s compliance with 
specifications. The estimated cost to develop such updates is accounted for as warranty cost that is r ecognized at the time related software 
revenue is recognized. Factors considered in determ ining appropriate accruals related to such updates include the number of units delivered, the 
number of updates expected to occur, and the histor ical cost and estimated future cost of the resource s necessary to develop these updates.  
Income Taxes  
The Company records a tax provision for the anticip ated tax consequences of the reported results of op erations. In accordance with GAAP, the 
provision for income taxes is computed using the as set and liability method, under which deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the 
expected future tax consequences of temporary diffe rences between the financial reporting and tax base s of assets and liabilities, and for 
operating losses and tax credit carryforwards. Defe rred tax assets and liabilities are measured using the currently enacted tax rates that apply to 
taxable income in effect for the years in which tho se tax assets are expected to be realized or settle d. The Company records a valuation 
allowance to reduce deferred tax assets to the amou nt that is believed more likely than not to be real ized.  
The Company only recognizes the tax benefit from an  uncertain tax position if it is more likely than n ot that the tax position will be sustained on 
examination by the taxing authorities, based on the  technical merits of the position. The tax benefits  recognized in the financial statements from 
such positions are then measured based on the large st benefit that has a greater than 50% likelihood o f being realized upon ultimate settlement.  
Management believes it is more likely than not that  forecasted income, including income that may be ge nerated as a result of certain tax planning 
strategies, together with future reversals of exist ing taxable temporary differences, will be sufficie nt to fully recover the deferred tax assets. In 
the event that the Company determines all or part o f the net deferred tax assets are not realizable in  the future, the Company will make an 
adjustment to the valuation allowance that would be  charged to earnings in the period such determinati on is made. In addition, the calculation of 
tax liabilities involves significant judgment in es timating the impact of uncertainties in the applica tion of GAAP and complex tax laws. 
Resolution of these uncertainties in a manner incon sistent with management’s expectations could have a  material impact on the Company’ s 
financial condition and operating results.  
   
31  Table of Contents  
   
Legal and Other Contingencies  
As discussed in Part I, Item 3 of this Form 10-K un der the heading “Legal Proceedings” and in Note 8 “ Commitments and Contingencies” in 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, the Com pany is subject to various legal proceedings and cl aims that arise in the ordinary course of 
business. In accordance with GAAP, the Company reco rds a liability when it is probable that a loss has  been incurred and the amount is 
reasonably estimable. There is significant judgment  required in both the probability determination and  as to whether an exposure can be 
reasonably estimated. In management’ s opinion, the Company does not have a potential li ability related to any current legal proceedings an d 
claims that would individually or in the aggregate materially adversely affect its financial condition  or operating results. However, the outcomes 
of legal proceedings and claims brought against the  Company are subject to significant uncertainty. Sh ould the Company fail to prevail in any of 
these legal matters or should several of these lega l matters be resolved against the Company in the sa me reporting period, the operating results of 
a particular reporting period could be materially a dversely affected.  
   
32  Table of Contents  
   
Net Sales  
Fiscal years 2010, 2009 and 2008 each spanned 52 we eks. An additional week is included in the first fi scal quarter approximately every six years 
to realign fiscal quarters with calendar quarters.  
The following table summarizes net sales and Mac un it sales by operating segment and net sales and uni t sales by product during the three years 
ended September 25, 2010 (in millions, except unit sales in thousands and per unit amounts):  
   
   
33       2010      Change      2009      Change      2008   
Net Sales by Operating Segment:                
Americas net sales     $ 24,498         29%       $ 18,981         15%       $ 16,552    
Europe net sales       18,692         58%         11,810         28%         9,233    
Japan net sales       3,981         75%         2,279         32%         1,728    
Asia -Pacific net sales       8,256         160%         3,179         18%         2,686    
Retail net sales       9,798         47%         6,656         (9)%         7,292    
         
            
            
Total net sales     $ 65,225         52%       $ 42,905         14%       $ 37,491    
         
            
            
Mac Unit Sales by Operating Segment:                
Americas Mac unit sales       4,976         21%         4,120         4%         3,980    
Europe Mac unit sales       3,859         36%         2,840         13%         2,519    
Japan Mac unit sales       481         22%         395         2%         389    
Asia -Pacific Mac unit sales       1,500         62%         926         17%         793    
Retail Mac unit sales       2,846         35%         2,115         4%         2,034    
                                 
Total Mac unit sales       13,662         31%         10,396         7%         9,715    
         
            
            
Net Sales by Product:                
Desktops (a)     $ 6,201         43%       $ 4,324         (23)%       $ 5,622    
Portables (b)       11,278         18%         9,535         9%         8,732    
                                 
Total Mac net sales       17,479         26%         13,859         (3)%         14,354    
iPod       8,274         2%         8,091         (12)%         9,153    
Other music related products and services (c)       4,948         23%         4,036         21%         3,340    
iPhone and related products and services (d)       25,179         93%         13,033         93%         6,742    
iPad and related products and services (e)       4,958         NM         0         NM         0    
Peripherals and other hardware (f)       1,814         23%         1,475         (13)%         1,694    
Software, service and other sales (g)       2,573         7%         2,411         9%         2,208    
                                 
Total net sales     $ 65,225         52%       $ 42,905         14%       $ 37,491    
         
            
            
Unit Sales by Product:                
Desktops (a)       4,627         45%         3,182         (14)%         3,712    
Portables (b)       9,035         25%         7,214         20%         6,003    
         
            
            
Total Mac unit sales       13,662         31%         10,396         7%         9,715    
         
            
            
Net sales per Mac unit sold (h)     $ 1,279         (4)%       $ 1,333         (10)%       $ 1,478    
         
            
            
iPod unit sales       50,312         (7)%         54,132         (1)%         54,828    
         
            
            
Net sales per iPod unit sold (h)     $ 164         10%       $ 149         (11)%       $ 167    
         
            
            
iPhone units sold       39,989         93%         20,731         78%         11,627    
         
            
            
iPad units sold       7,458         NM         0         NM         0    
         
            
              
  (a) Includes iMac, Mac mini, Mac Pro and Xserve product  lines.  
  (b) Includes MacBook, MacBook Air and MacBook Pro produ ct lines.  Table of Contents  
Fiscal Year 2010 versus 2009  
Net sales during 2010 increased $22.3 billion or 52 % compared to 2009. Several factors contributed pos itively to these increases, including the 
following:  
   
   
   
   
   
   
34    (c) Includes iTunes Store sales, iPod services, and App le -branded and third -party iPod accessories.  
  (d) Includes revenue recognized from iPhone sales, carr ier agreements, services, and Apple -branded and third -party iPhone accessories.  
  (e) Includes revenue recognized from iPad sales, servic es and Apple -branded and third -party iPad accessories.  
  (f) Includes sales of displays, wireless connectivity a nd networking solutions, and other hardware accesso ries.  
  (g) Includes sales of Apple -branded operating system and application software, third -party software, Mac and Internet services.  
  (h) Derived by dividing total product -related net sales by total product -related unit sales.  
  NM = Not Meaningful  
  •   Net sales of iPhone and related products and servic es were $25.2 billion in 2010 representing an incre ase of $12.1 billion or 93% 
compared to 2009. Net sales of iPhone and related p roducts and services accounted for 39% of the Compa ny’s total net sales for the 
year. iPhone unit sales totaled 40 million in 2010,  which represents an increase of 19.3 million or 93 % compared to 2009. iPhone 
year -over-year growth was attributable primarily to continued  growth from existing carriers, expanded distributi on with new 
international carriers and resellers, and strong de mand for iPhone 4, which was released in the U.S. i n June 2010 and in many other 
countries over the remainder of 2010. As of Septemb er 25, 2010, the Company distributed iPhone in 89 c ountries through 166 
carriers.  
  •   Net sales of iPad and related products and services  were $5.0 billion and unit sales of iPad were 7.5 million during 2010. iPad was 
released in the U.S. in April 2010 and in various o ther countries over the remainder of 2010. As of Se ptember 25, 2010, the 
Company distributed iPad in 26 countries. The Compa ny distributes iPad through its direct channels, ce rtain cellular network 
carriers’ distribution channels and certain third- party resellers. Net sales of iPad and related prod ucts and services accounted for 8% 
of the Company ’s total net sales for 2010, reflecting the strong d emand for iPad during the five months following its  release.  
  •   Mac net sales increased by $3.6 billion or 26% in 2 010 compared to 2009, and Mac unit sales increased by 3.3 million or 31% in 
2010 compared to 2009. Net sales per Mac unit sold decreased by 4% in 2010 compared to 2009 due primar ily to lower average 
selling prices of Mac portable systems. Net sales o f the Company’s Macs accounted for 27% of the Compa ny’s total net sales in 2010 
compared to 32% in 2009. During 2010, net sales and  unit sales of the Company’ s Mac portable systems increased by 18% and 25%, 
respectively, primarily attributable to strong dema nd for MacBook Pro, which was updated in April 2010 . Net sales and unit sales of 
the Company’ s Mac desktop systems increased by 43% and 45%, res pectively, as a result of higher sales of iMac, whi ch was updated 
in July 2010.  
  •   Net sales of other music related products and servi ces increased $912 million or 23% during 2010 compa red to 2009. This increase 
was due primarily to growth of the iTunes Store whi ch generated total net sales of $4.1 billion for 20 10. The results of the iTunes 
Store reflect growth of the iTunes App Store, conti nued growth in the installed base of iPhone, iPad, and iPod customers, and the 
expansion of third- party audio and video content available for sale an d rent via the iTunes Store. The Company continues to expand 
its iTunes content and applications offerings aroun d the world. Net sales of other music related produ cts and services accounted for 
8% of the Company ’s total net sales for 2010.  
  •   Net sales of iPods increased $183 million or 2% dur ing 2010, while iPod unit sales declined by 7% duri ng 2010 compared to 2009. 
Net sales per iPod unit sold increased by 10% to $1 64 in 2010 compared to 2009, due to a shift in prod uct mix toward iPod touch. 
iPod touch had strong growth in each of the Company ’s reportable operating segments. Net sales of iPods  accounted for 13% of the 
Company ’s total net sales for the year compared to 19% in 2 009.  Table of Contents  
   
Fiscal Year 2009 versus 2008  
Net sales during 2009 increased $5.4 billion or 14%  compared to 2008. Several factors contributed posi tively to these increases, including the 
following:  
   
   
Partially offsetting the favorable factors discusse d above, net sales during 2009 were negatively impa cted by certain factors, including the 
following:  
   
   
Segment Operating Performance  
The Company manages its business primarily on a geo graphic basis. The Company’ s reportable operating and reporting segments consi st of the 
Americas, Europe, Japan, Asia-Pacific and Retail op erations. The Americas, Europe, Japan and Asia- Pacific reportable segment results do not 
include the results of the Retail segment. The Amer icas segment includes both North and South America.  The Europe segment includes 
European countries as well as the Middle East and A frica. The Asia- Pacific segment includes Australia and Asia, but do es not include Japan. 
The Retail segment operates Apple retail stores in 11 countries, including the U.S. Each reportable op erating segment provides similar hardware 
and software products and similar services. Further  information regarding the Company’s operating segm ents may be found in Note 9, “ Segment 
Information and Geographic Data” in Notes to Consol idated Financial Statements of this Form 10-K.  
   
35    •   iPhone revenue and net sales of related products an d services amounted to $13.0 billion in 2009, an in crease of $6.3 billion or 93% 
compared to 2008. The year-over-year iPhone revenue  growth is largely attributable to the year-over- year increase in iPhone handset 
unit sales. iPhone handset unit sales totaled 20.7 million during 2009, which represents an increase o f 9.1 million or 78% during 2009 
compared to 2008. This growth is attributed primari ly to expanded distribution and strong overall dema nd for iPhones. iPhone 3GS 
was released in the U.S. on June 19, 2009 and in ma ny other countries over the remainder of 2009.  
  •   Net sales of other music -related products and services increased $696 millio n or 21% during 2009 compared to 2008. The increase  
was due predominantly to increased net sales of thi rd-party digital content and applications from the iTu nes Store, which experienced 
double-digit growth in each of the Company’ s geographic segments during 2009 compared to the s ame period in 2008. The 
Company believes this is attributable primarily to continued interest in and growth of the iTunes App Store, continued growth in the 
Company’s base of iPhone, iPad, and iPod customers,  and the expansion of third- party audio and video content available for sale an d 
rent via the iTunes Store  
  •   Net sales of iPods decreased $1.1 billion or 12% du ring 2009 compared to 2008. iPod unit sales decreas ed by 1% during 2009 
compared to 2008. Net sales per iPod unit sold decr eased 11% to $149 in 2009 compared to 2008, resulti ng from lower average 
selling prices across all of the iPod product lines , due primarily to price reductions taken with the introduction of new iPods in 
September 2009 and September 2008 and a stronger U. S. dollar, offset partially by a higher mix of iPod  touch sales.  
  •   Mac net sales declined 3% during 2009 compared to 2 008, while Mac unit sales increased by 7% over the same period. Net sales per 
Mac unit sold decreased by 10% during 2009 compared  to 2008, due primarily to lower average selling pr ices across all Mac 
portable and desktop systems and a stronger U.S. do llar. Net sales of Macs accounted for 32% of the Co mpany’s total net sales for 
2009. During 2009, Mac portable systems net sales a nd unit sales increased by 9% and 20%, respectively , compared to 2008. This 
growth was driven by strong demand for MacBook Pro,  which was updated in June 2009 and October 2008, a nd which experienced 
double-digit net sales and unit growth in each of t he Company’ s reportable operating segments compared to the sam e period in 2008. 
The Company also had a higher mix of Mac portable s ystems sales, which is consistent with overall pers onal computer market 
trends. Net sales and unit sales of the Company’ s Mac desktop systems decreased by 23% and 14%, res pectively, during 2009 
compared to 2008. The decrease in net sales of Mac desktop systems was due mainly to a shift in produc t mix towards lower- priced 
desktops, lower average selling prices across all M ac desktop systems and a stronger U.S. dollar.  Table of Contents  
   
Americas  
During 2010, net sales in the Americas segment incr eased $5.5 billion or 29% compared to 2009. This in crease in net sales was driven by 
increased iPhone revenue, strong demand for iPad, c ontinued demand for Mac desktop and portable system s, and higher sales of third- party 
digital content and applications from the iTunes St ore. Americas Mac net sales and unit sales increase d 18% and 21%, respectively, during 2010 
compared to 2009, largely due to strong demand for MacBook Pro. The Americas segment represented 37% a nd 44% of the Company’ s total net 
sales in 2010 and 2009, respectively.  
During 2009, net sales in the Americas segment incr eased $2.4 billion or 15% compared to 2008. The inc rease in net sales during 2009 was 
attributable to the significant year-over-year incr ease in iPhone revenue, higher sales of third- party digital content and applications from the 
iTunes Store, and increased sales of Mac portable s ystems, partially offset by a decrease in sales of Mac desktop systems and iPods. Americas 
Mac net sales decreased 6% due primarily to lower a verage selling prices, while Mac unit sales increas ed by 4% on a year-over- year basis. The 
increase in Mac unit sales was due primarily to str ong demand for the MacBook Pro. The Americas segmen t represented approximately 44% of 
the Company’s total net sales in both 2009 and 2008 .  
Europe  
During 2010, net sales in Europe increased $6.9 bil lion or 58% compared to 2009. The growth in net sal es was due mainly to a significant 
increase in iPhone revenue attributable to continue d growth from existing carriers and country and car rier expansion, increased sales of Mac 
desktop and portable systems and strong demand for iPad, partially offset by a stronger U.S. dollar. E urope Mac net sales and unit sales 
increased 32% and 36%, respectively, during the yea r due to strong demand for MacBook Pro and iMac. Th e Europe segment represented 29% 
and 28% of the Company’s total net sales in 2010 an d 2009, respectively.  
During 2009, net sales in Europe increased $2.6 bil lion or 28% compared to 2008. The increase in net s ales was due mainly to increased iPhone 
revenue and strong sales of Mac portable systems, o ffset partially by lower net sales of Mac desktop s ystems, iPods, and a stronger U.S. dollar. 
Mac unit sales increased 13% in 2009 compared to 20 08, which was driven primarily by increased sales o f Mac portable systems, particularly 
MacBook Pro, while total Mac net sales declined as a result of lower average selling prices across all  Mac products. iPod net sales decreased 
year -over-year as a result of lower average selling prices, p artially offset by increased unit sales of the high er priced iPod touch. The Europe 
segment represented 28% and 25% of total net sales in 2009 and 2008, respectively.  
Japan  
During 2010, Japan’s net sales increased $1.7 billi on or 75% compared to 2009. The primary contributor s to this growth were significant year-
over-year increases in iPhone revenue, strong demand for  iPad, and to a lesser extent strength in the Japan ese Yen. Mac net sales increased by 
8% driven by a 22% increase in unit sales due prima rily to strong demand for MacBook Pro and iMac, par tially offset by lower average selling 
prices in Japan on a year-over-year basis. The Japa n segment represented 6% and 5% of the Company’ s total net sales for 2010 and 2009, 
respectively.  
Japan’s net sales increased $551 million or 32% in 2009 c ompared to 2008. The primary contributors to this g rowth were increased iPhone 
revenue, stronger demand for certain Mac portable s ystems and iPods, and strength in the Japanese Yen,  partially offset by decreased sales of 
Mac desktop systems. Net sales and unit sales of Ma c portable systems increased during 2009 compared t o 2008, driven primarily by stronger 
demand for MacBook Pro. Net sales and unit sales of  iPods increased during 2009 compared to 2008, driv en by strong demand for iPod touch 
and iPod nano. The Japan segment represented approx imately 5% of the Company’s total net sales in both  2009 and 2008.  
   
36  Table of Contents  
   
Asia -Pacific  
Net sales in Asia -Pacific increased $5.1 billion or 160% during 2010  compared to 2009. The significant growth in Asia- Pacific net sales was due 
mainly to increased iPhone revenue, which was prima rily attributable to country and carrier expansion and continued growth from existing 
carriers. Asia- Pacific net sales were also favorably affected by s trong demand for Mac portable and desktop systems a nd for iPad. Particularly 
strong year-over-year growth was experienced in Chi na, Korea and Australia. The Asia- Pacific segment represented 13% and 7% of the 
Company’s total net sales for 2010 and 2009, respec tively.  
Net sales in Asia -Pacific increased $493 million or 18% during 2009 c ompared to 2008 reflecting strong growth in sales o f iPhone and Mac 
portable systems, offset partially by a decline in sales of iPods and Mac desktop systems, as well as a strengthening of the U.S. dollar against the 
Australian dollar and other Asian currencies. Mac n et sales and unit sales grew in the Asia- Pacific region by 4% and 17%, respectively, due to 
increased sales of the MacBook Pro. The Asia-Pacifi c segment represented approximately 7% of the Compa ny’s total net sales in both 2009 and 
2008.  
Retail  
Retail net sales increased $3.1 billion or 47% duri ng 2010 compared to 2009. The increase in net sales  was driven primarily by strong demand 
for iPad, increased sales of Mac desktop and portab le systems and a significant year-over- year increase in iPhone revenue. Mac net sales and 
unit sales grew in the Retail segment by 25% and 35 %, respectively, during 2010. The Company opened 44  new retail stores during the year, 28 
of which were international stores, ending the year  with 317 stores open compared to 273 stores at the  end of 2009. With an average of 288 
stores and 254 stores opened during 2010 and 2009, respectively, average revenue per store increased t o $34.1 million in 2010, compared to 
$26.2 million in 2009. The Retail segment represent ed 15% and 16% of the Company’s total net sales in 2010 and 2009, respectively.  
Retail net sales decreased $636 million or 9% durin g 2009 compared to 2008. The decline in net sales w as driven largely by a decrease in net 
sales of iPhones, iPods and Mac desktop systems, of fset partially by strong demand for Mac portable sy stems. The year-over- year decline in 
Retail net sales was attributable to continued thir d-party channel expansion, particularly in the U.S.  where most of the Company’ s stores are 
located, and also reflects the challenging consumer -spending environment in 2009. The Company opened 26  new retail stores during 2009, 
including 14 international stores, ending the year with 273 stores open. This compares to 247 stores o pen as of September 27, 2008. With an 
average of 254 stores and 211 stores opened during 2009 and 2008, respectively, average revenue per st ore decreased to $26.2 million for 2009 
from $34.6 million in 2008.  
The Retail segment reported operating income of $2. 4 billion during 2010 and $1.7 billion during both 2009 and 2008. The increase in Retail 
operating income during 2010 compared to 2009 was a ttributable to higher overall net sales. Despite th e decline in Retail net sales during 2009 
compared to 2008, the Retail segment’ s operating income was flat at $1.7 billion in 2009  compared to 2008 due primarily to a higher gross 
margin percentage in 2009 consistent with that expe rienced by the overall company.  
Expansion of the Retail segment has required and wi ll continue to require a substantial investment in fixed assets and related infrastructure, 
operating lease commitments, personnel, and other o perating expenses. Capital asset purchases associat ed with the Retail segment since its 
inception totaled $2.2 billion through the end of 2 010. As of September 25, 2010, the Retail segment h ad approximately 26,500 full- time 
equivalent employees and had outstanding lease comm itments associated with retail space and related fa cilities of $1.7 billion. The Company 
would incur substantial costs if it were to close m ultiple retail stores and such costs could adversel y affect the Company’ s financial condition and 
operating results.  
   
37  Table of Contents  
   
Gross Margin  
Gross margin for the three years ended September 25 , 2010, are as follows (in millions, except gross m argin percentages):  
   
The gross margin percentage in 2010 was 39.4% compa red to 40.1% in 2009. This decline in gross margin is primarily attributable to new 
products that have higher cost structures, includin g iPad, partially offset by a more favorable sales mix of iPhone, which has a higher gross 
margin than the Company average.  
The gross margin percentage in 2009 was 40.1% compa red to 35.2% in 2008. The primary contributors to t he increase in 2009 as compared to 
2008 were a favorable sales mix toward products wit h higher gross margins and lower commodity and othe r product costs, which were partially 
offset by product price reductions.  
The Company expects its gross margin percentage to decrease in future periods compared to levels achie ved during 2010 and anticipates gross 
margin levels of about 36% in the first quarter of 2011. This expected decline is largely due to a hig her mix of new and innovative products that 
have higher cost structures and deliver greater val ue to customers, and expected and potential future component cost and other cost increases.  
The foregoing statements regarding the Company’s ex pected gross margin percentage are forward- looking and could differ from anticipated 
levels because of several factors, including but no t limited to certain of those set forth below in Pa rt I, Item 1A, “Risk Factors” under the 
subheading “ Future operating results depend upon the Company’ s ability to obtain key components including but no t limited to 
microprocessors, NAND flash memory, DRAM and LCDs a t favorable prices and in sufficient quantities ,” which is incorporated herein by 
reference. There can be no assurance that targeted gross margin percentage levels will be achieved. In  general, gross margins and margins on 
individual products will remain under downward pres sure due to a variety of factors, including continu ed industry wide global product pricing 
pressures, increased competition, compressed produc t life cycles, product transitions and expected and  potential increases in the cost of key 
components including but not limited to microproces sors, NAND flash memory, DRAM and LCDs, as well as potential increases in the costs of 
outside manufacturing services and a potential shif t in the Company’ s sales mix towards products with lower gross margi ns. In response to these 
competitive pressures, the Company expects it will continue to take product pricing actions, which wou ld adversely affect gross margins. Gross 
margins could also be affected by the Company’ s ability to manage product quality and warranty co sts effectively and to stimulate demand for 
certain of its products. Due to the Company’s signi ficant international operations, financial results can be significantly affected in the short- term 
by fluctuations in exchange rates.  
Operating Expenses  
Operating expenses for the three years ended Septem ber 25, 2010, are as follows (in millions, except f or percentages):  
   
   
38       2010      2009      2008   
Net sales     $ 65,225       $ 42,905       $ 37,491    
Cost of sales       39,541         25,683         24,294    
                           
Gross margin     $ 25,684       $ 17,222       $ 13,197    
         
         
         
Gross margin percentage       39.4%         40.1%         35.2%    
     2010      2009      2008   
Research and development     $   1,782       $   1,333       $   1,109    
Percentage of net sales       2.7%         3.1%         3.0%    
Selling, general and administrative     $ 5,517       $ 4,149       $ 3,761    
Percentage of net sales       8.5%         9.7%         10.0%    Table of Contents  
   
Research and Development Expense ( “R&D”)  
R&D expense increased 34% or $449 million to $1.8 b illion in 2010 compared to 2009. This increase was due primarily to an increase in 
headcount and related expenses in the current year to support expanded R&D activities. Also contributi ng to this increase in R&D expense in 
2010 was the capitalization in 2009 of software dev elopment costs of $71 million related to Mac OS X S now Leopard. Although total R&D 
expense increased 34% during 2010, it declined as a  percentage of net sales given the 52% year-over- year increase in net sales in 2010. The 
Company continues to believe that focused investmen ts in R&D are critical to its future growth and com petitive position in the marketplace and 
are directly related to timely development of new a nd enhanced products that are central to the Compan y’s core business strategy. As such, the 
Company expects to make further investments in R&D to remain competitive.  
R&D expense increased 20% or $224 million to $1.3 b illion in 2009 compared to 2008. This increase was due primarily to an increase in 
headcount in 2009 to support expanded R&D activitie s and higher stock- based compensation expenses. Additionally, $71 mill ion of software 
development costs were capitalized related to Mac O S X Snow Leopard and excluded from R&D expense duri ng 2009, compared to $11 million 
of software development costs capitalized during 20 08. Although total R&D expense increased 20% during  2009, it remained relatively flat as a 
percentage of net sales given the 14% increase in r evenue in 2009.  
Selling, General and Administrative Expense (“SG&A” )  
SG&A expense increased $1.4 billion or 33% to $5.5 billion in 2010 compared to 2009. This increase was  due primarily to the Company’ s 
continued expansion of its Retail segment, higher s pending on marketing and advertising programs, incr eased stock- based compensation 
expenses and variable costs associated with the ove rall growth of the Company’s net sales.  
SG&A expenses increased $388 million or 10% to $4.1  billion in 2009 compared to 2008. This increase wa s due primarily to the Company’ s 
continued expansion of its Retail segment in both d omestic and international markets, higher stock- based compensation expense and higher 
spending on marketing and advertising.  
Other Income and Expense  
Other income and expense for the three years ended September 25, 2010, are as follows (in millions):  
   
Total other income and expense decreased $171 milli on or 52% to $155 million during 2010 compared to $ 326 million and $620 million in 2009 
and 2008, respectively. The overall decrease in oth er income and expense is attributable to the signif icant declines in interest rates on a year-
over-year basis, partially offset by the Company’ s higher cash, cash equivalents and marketable secu rities balances. The weighted average 
interest rate earned by the Company on its cash, ca sh equivalents and marketable securities was 0.75%,  1.43% and 3.44% during 2010, 2009 and 
2008, respectively. Additionally the Company incurr ed higher premium expenses on its foreign exchange option contracts, which further 
reduced the total other income and expense. During 2010, 2009 and 2008, the Company had no debt outsta nding and accordingly did not incur 
any related interest expense.  
Provision for Income Taxes  
The Company’s effective tax rates were 24%, 32% and  32% for 2010, 2009 and 2008, respectively. The Com pany’s effective rates for these 
periods differ from the statutory federal income ta x rate of 35% due  
   
39       2010     2009     2008   
Interest income     $ 311      $  407      $  653    
Other income (expense), net       (156 )      (81 )      (33 )  
                         
Total other income and expense     $ 155      $ 326      $ 620    
         
        
        Table of Contents  
primarily to certain undistributed foreign earnings  for which no U.S. taxes are provided because such earnings are intended to be indefinitely 
reinvested outside the U.S. The lower effective tax  rate in 2010 as compared to 2009 is due primarily to an increase in foreign earnings on which 
U.S. income taxes have not been provided as such ea rnings are intended to be indefinitely reinvested o utside the U.S.  
As of September 25, 2010, the Company had deferred tax assets arising from deductible temporary differ ences, tax losses, and tax credits of $2.4 
billion, and deferred tax liabilities of $5.0 billi on. Management believes it is more likely than not that forecasted income, including income that 
may be generated as a result of certain tax plannin g strategies, together with future reversals of exi sting taxable temporary differences, will be 
sufficient to fully recover the deferred tax assets . The Company will continue to evaluate the realiza bility of deferred tax assets quarterly by 
assessing the need for and amount of a valuation al lowance.  
The Internal Revenue Service (the “IRS”) has comple ted its field audit of the Company’ s federal income tax returns for the years 2004 thr ough 
2006 and proposed certain adjustments. The Company has contested certain of these adjustments through the IRS Appeals Office. The IRS is 
currently examining the years 2007 through 2009. Al l IRS audit issues for years prior to 2004 have bee n resolved. During the third quarter of 
2010, the Company reached a tax settlement with the  IRS for the years 2002 through 2003. In addition, the Company is subject to audits by state, 
local, and foreign tax authorities. Management beli eves that adequate provision has been made for any adjustments that may result from tax 
examinations. However, the outcome of tax audits ca nnot be predicted with certainty. If any issues add ressed in the Company’ s tax audits are 
resolved in a manner not consistent with management ’s expectations, the Company could be required to ad just its provision for income taxes in 
the period such resolution occurs.  
Liquidity and Capital Resources  
The following table presents selected financial inf ormation and statistics as of and for the three yea rs ended September 25, 2010 (in millions):  
   
As of September 25, 2010, the Company had $51 billi on in cash, cash equivalents and marketable securit ies, an increase of $17 billion from 
September 26, 2009. The principal component of this  net increase was the cash generated by operating a ctivities of $18.6 billion, which was 
partially offset by payments for acquisition of pro perty, plant and equipment of $2 billion and paymen ts made in connection with business 
acquisitions, net of cash acquired, of $638 million .  
The Company’ s marketable securities investment portfolio is inv ested primarily in highly rated securities, general ly with a minimum rating of 
single-A or equivalent. As of September 25, 2010 an d September 26, 2009, $30.8 billion and $17.4 billi on, respectively, of the Company’ s cash, 
cash equivalents and marketable securities were hel d by foreign subsidiaries and are generally based i n U.S. dollar- denominated holdings. The 
Company believes its existing balances of cash, cas h equivalents and marketable securities will be suf ficient to satisfy its working capital needs, 
capital asset purchases, outstanding commitments an d other liquidity requirements associated with its existing operations over the next 12 
months.  
   
40       2010      2009      2008   
Cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities     $ 51,011       $ 33,992       $ 24,490    
Accounts receivable, net     $ 5,510       $ 3,361       $ 2,422    
Inventories     $ 1,051       $ 455       $ 509    
Working capital     $ 20,956       $ 20,049       $ 18,645    
Annual operating cash flow     $ 18,595       $ 10,159       $ 9,596    Table of Contents  
   
Capital Assets  
The Company’ s capital expenditures were $2.6 billion during 201 0, consisting of approximately $404 million for ret ail store facilities and $2.2 
billion for other capital expenditures, including p roduct tooling and manufacturing process equipment and corporate facilities and infrastructure. 
The Company’s actual cash payments for capital expe nditures during 2010 were $2 billion.  
The Company anticipates utilizing approximately $4. 0 billion for capital expenditures during 2011, inc luding approximately $600 million for 
retail store facilities and approximately $3.4 bill ion for product tooling and manufacturing process e quipment, and corporate facilities and 
infrastructure, including information systems hardw are, software and enhancements.  
Historically the Company has opened between 25 and 50 new retail stores per year. During 2011, the Com pany expects to open 40 to 50 new 
stores, over half of which are expected to be locat ed outside of the U.S.  
Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements and Contractual Obli gations  
The Company has not entered into any transactions w ith unconsolidated entities whereby the Company has  financial guarantees, subordinated 
retained interests, derivative instruments, or othe r contingent arrangements that expose the Company t o material continuing risks, contingent 
liabilities, or any other obligation under a variab le interest in an unconsolidated entity that provid es financing, liquidity, market risk, or credit 
risk support to the Company.  
The following table presents certain payments due b y the Company under contractual obligations with mi nimum firm commitments as of 
September 25, 2010 and excludes amounts already rec orded on the Consolidated Balance Sheet (in million s):  
   
Lease Commitments  
As of September 25, 2010, the Company had total out standing commitments on noncancelable operating lea ses of $2.1 billion, $1.7 billion of 
which related to the lease of retail space and rela ted facilities. The Company’ s major facility leases are typically for terms not  exceeding 10 years 
and generally provide renewal options for terms not  exceeding five additional years. Leases for retail  space are for terms ranging from five to 20 
years, the majority of which are for ten years, and  often contain multi -year renewal options.  
Purchase Commitments with Contract Manufacturers an d Component Suppliers  
The Company utilizes several contract manufacturers  to manufacture sub-assemblies for the Company’ s products and to perform final assembly 
and test of finished products. These contract manuf acturers acquire components and build product based  on demand information supplied by the 
Company, which typically covers periods ranging fro m 30 to 150 days. The Company also obtains individu al components for its products from a 
wide variety of individual suppliers. Consistent wi th industry practice, the Company acquires componen ts through a combination of purchase 
orders, supplier contracts, and open orders based o n projected demand information.  
   
41       Total      Payments 
 
Due in  
Less  
Than  
1 Year      Payments 
 
Due in  
1-3 Years      Payments 
 
Due in  
4-5 Years      Payments 
 
Due in  
More  
Than  
5 Years   
Operating leases     $ 2,089       $ 266       $ 527       $ 470       $ 826    
Purchase obligations       8,700           8,700         0         0         0    
Other obligations       1,096         912              176                  6                  2    
                                             
Total     $ 11,885       $ 9,878       $ 703       $ 476       $ 828    
         
         
         
         
         Table of Contents  
Such purchase commitments typically cover the Compa ny’s forecasted component and manufacturing requiremen ts for periods ranging from 30 
to 150 days. As of September 25, 2010, the Company had outstanding off-balance sheet third- party manufacturing commitments and component 
purchase commitments of $8.2 billion.  
The Company has entered into prepaid long- term supply agreements to secure the supply of cert ain inventory components, which generally 
expire between 2011 and 2015. In August 2010, the C ompany entered into a long- term supply agreement under which it has committed to 
prepay $500 million in 2011. These prepayments will  be applied to certain inventory component purchase s made over the life of each respective 
agreement.  
Other Obligations  
Other outstanding obligations were $1.1 billion as of September 25, 2010, which related to advertising , research and development, product 
tooling and manufacturing process equipment, Intern et and telecommunications services and other obliga tions.  
The Company’s other non- current liabilities in the Consolidated Balance She ets consist primarily of deferred tax liabilities, gross unrecognized 
tax benefits and the related gross interest and pen alties. As of September 25, 2010, the Company had n on-current deferred tax liabilities of $4.3 
billion. Additionally, as of September 25, 2010, th e Company had gross unrecognized tax benefits of $9 43 million and an additional $247 
million for gross interest and penalties classified  as non-current liabilities. At this time, the Company is u nable to make a reasonably reliable 
estimate of the timing of payments in connection wi th these tax liabilities; therefore, such amounts a re not included in the above contractual 
obligation table.  
Indemnifications  
The Company generally does not indemnify end- users of its operating system and application softw are against legal claims that the software 
infringes third- party intellectual property rights. Other agreement s entered into by the Company sometimes include ind emnification provisions 
under which the Company could be subject to costs a nd/or damages in the event of an infringement claim  against the Company or an 
indemnified third- party. However, the Company has not been required t o make any significant payments resulting from such  an infringement 
claim asserted against it or an indemnified third- party and, in the opinion of management, does not h ave a liability related to unresolved 
infringement claims subject to indemnification that  would materially adversely affect its financial co ndition or operating results. Therefore, the 
Company did not record a liability for infringement  costs as of either September 25, 2010 or September  26, 2009.  
The Company has entered into indemnification agreem ents with its directors and executive officers. Und er these agreements, the Company has 
agreed to indemnify such individuals to the fullest  extent permitted by law against liabilities that a rise by reason of their status as directors or 
officers and to advance expenses incurred by such i ndividuals in connection with related legal proceed ings. It is not possible to determine the 
maximum potential amount of payments the Company co uld be required to make under these agreements due to the limited history of prior 
indemnification claims and the unique facts and cir cumstances involved in each claim. However, the Com pany maintains directors and officers 
liability insurance coverage to reduce its exposure  to such obligations, and payments made under these  agreements historically have not 
materially adversely affected the Company’s financi al condition or operating results.  
   
Interest Rate and Foreign Currency Risk Management  
The Company regularly reviews its foreign exchange forward and option positions, both on a stand- alone basis and in conjunction with its 
underlying foreign currency and interest rate relat ed exposures. However, given the effective horizons  of the Company’ s risk management 
activities and the anticipatory nature of the expos ures, there can be no assurance the hedges will off set more than a portion of the financial 
impact resulting from  
   
42  Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Mark et Risk Table of Contents  
movements in either foreign exchange or interest ra tes. In addition, the timing of the accounting for recognition of gains and losses related to 
mark-to-market instruments for any given period may not coi ncide with the timing of gains and losses related t o the underlying economic 
exposures and, therefore, may adversely affect the Company’s financial condition and operating results .  
Interest Rate Risk  
While the Company is exposed to interest rate fluct uations in many of the world’s leading industrializ ed countries, the Company’ s interest 
income and expense is most sensitive to fluctuation s in the general level of U.S. interest rates. As s uch, changes in U.S. interest rates affect the 
interest earned on the Company’ s cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities,  the fair value of those investments, as well as co sts 
associated with foreign currency hedges.  
The Company’ s investment policy and strategy are focused on pre servation of capital and supporting the liquidity r equirements of the Company. 
A portion of the Company’s cash is managed by exter nal managers within the guidelines of the Company’ s investment policy and to objective 
market benchmarks. The Company’s internal portfolio  is benchmarked against external manager performanc e.  
The Company’s exposure to market risk for changes i n interest rates relates primarily to the Company’ s investment portfolio. The Company 
typically invests in highly rated securities and it s policy generally limits the amount of credit expo sure to any one issuer. The Company’ s 
investment policy requires investments to be invest ment grade, primarily rated single- A or better, with the objective of minimizing the p otential 
risk of principal loss. All highly liquid investmen ts with initial maturities of three months or less at the date of purchase are classified as cash 
equivalents. The Company classifies its marketable securities as either short-term or long-term based on each instrument’ s underlying 
contractual maturity date. All short-term marketabl e securities have maturities less than 12 months, w hile all long- term marketable securities 
have maturities ranging from one to five years. The  Company may sell its investments prior to their st ated maturities for strategic purposes, in 
anticipation of credit deterioration, or for durati on management. The Company recognized no significan t net gains or losses during 2010, 2009 
and 2008 related to such sales.  
To provide a meaningful assessment of the interest rate risk associated with the Company’ s investment portfolio, the Company performed a 
sensitivity analysis to determine the impact a chan ge in interest rates would have on the value of the  investment portfolio assuming a 100 basis 
point parallel shift in the yield curve. Based on i nvestment positions as of September 25, 2010, a hyp othetical 100 basis point increase in interest 
rates across all maturities would result in a $477 million incremental decline in the fair market valu e of the portfolio. As of September 26, 2009, 
a similar 100 basis point shift in the yield curve would have resulted in a $176 million incremental d ecline in the fair market value of the 
portfolio. Such losses would only be realized if th e Company sold the investments prior to maturity.  
Foreign Currency Risk  
In general, the Company is a net receiver of curren cies other than the U.S. dollar. Accordingly, chang es in exchange rates, and in particular a 
strengthening of the U.S. dollar, will negatively a ffect the Company’ s net sales and gross margins as expressed in U.S. dollars. There is also a 
risk that the Company will have to adjust local cur rency product pricing due to competitive pressures when there has been significant volatility 
in foreign currency exchange rates.  
The Company may enter into foreign currency forward  and option contracts with financial institutions t o protect against foreign exchange risks 
associated with certain existing assets and liabili ties, certain firmly committed transactions, foreca sted future cash flows, and net investments in 
foreign subsidiaries. Generally, the Company’ s practice is to hedge a majority of its material f oreign exchange exposures, typically for three to 
six months.  
   
43  Table of Contents  
However, the Company may choose not to hedge certai n foreign exchange exposures for a variety of reaso ns, including but not limited to 
immateriality, accounting considerations and the pr ohibitive economic cost of hedging particular expos ures.  
To provide a meaningful assessment of the foreign c urrency risk associated with certain of the Company ’s foreign currency derivative positions, 
the Company performed a sensitivity analysis using a value-at-risk (“VAR”) model to assess the potential impact of fluctuation s in exchange 
rates. The VAR model consisted of using a Monte Car lo simulation to generate thousands of random marke t price paths. The VAR is the 
maximum expected loss in fair value, for a given co nfidence interval, to the Company’ s foreign exchange portfolio due to adverse movemen ts in 
rates. The VAR model is not intended to represent a ctual losses but is used as a risk estimation and m anagement tool. The model assumes 
normal market conditions. Forecasted transactions, firm commitments, and assets and liabilities denomi nated in foreign currencies were 
excluded from the model. Based on the results of th e model, the Company estimates with 95% confidence a maximum one- day loss in fair value 
of $103 million as of September 25, 2010 compared t o a maximum one- day loss in fair value of $44 million as of Septemb er 26, 2009. Because 
the Company uses foreign currency instruments for h edging purposes, losses incurred on those instrumen ts are generally offset by increases in 
the fair value of the underlying exposures.  
Actual future gains and losses associated with the Company’ s investment portfolio and derivative positions may  differ materially from the 
sensitivity analyses performed as of September 25, 2010 due to the inherent limitations associated wit h predicting the changes in the timing and 
amount of interest rates, foreign currency exchange s rates and the Company’s actual exposures and posi tions.  
   
44  Table of Contents  
   
   
All financial statement schedules have been omitted , since the required information is not applicable or is not present in amounts sufficient to 
require submission of the schedule, or because the information required is included in the consolidate d financial statements and notes thereto.  
   
45  Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
Index to Consolidated Financial Statements    Page   
Consolidated Statements of Operations for the three  years ended September 25, 2010       46    
Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 25, 201 0 and September 26, 2009       47    
Consolidated Statements of Shareholders ’ Equity for the three years ended September 25, 2010        48    
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the three  years ended September 25, 2010       49    
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements       50    
Selected Quarterly Financial Information (Unaudited )       82    
Reports of Ernst & Young LLP, Independent Registere d Public Accounting Firm       83    
Report of KPMG LLP, Independent Registered Public A ccounting Firm       85    Table of Contents  
   
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS  
(In millions, except share amounts which are reflec ted in thousands and per share amounts)  
   
See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial St atements.  
   
46  Three years ended September 25, 2010    2010      2009      2008   
Net sales     $ 65,225       $ 42,905       $ 37,491    
Cost of sales       39,541         25,683         24,294    
         
         
         
Gross margin       25,684         17,222         13,197    
         
         
         
Operating expenses:           
Research and development       1,782         1,333         1,109    
Selling, general and administrative       5,517         4,149         3,761    
                           
Total operating expenses       7,299         5,482         4,870    
                           
Operating income       18,385         11,740         8,327    
Other income and expense       155         326         620    
                           
Income before provision for income taxes       18,540         12,066         8,947    
Provision for income taxes       4,527         3,831         2,828    
                           
Net income     $ 14,013       $ 8,235       $ 6,119    
         
         
         
Earnings per common share:           
Basic     $ 15.41       $ 9.22       $ 6.94    
Diluted     $ 15.15       $ 9.08       $ 6.78    
Shares used in computing earnings per share:           
Basic       909,461         893,016         881,592    
Diluted       924,712         907,005         902,139    Table of Contents  
   
CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS  
(In millions, except share amounts)  
   
See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial St atements.  
   
47       September 25, 2010     September 26, 2009   
ASSETS:    
Current assets:       
Cash and cash equivalents     $ 11,261      $ 5,263    
Short -term marketable securities       14,359        18,201    
Accounts receivable, less allowances of $55 and $52 , respectively       5,510        3,361    
Inventories       1,051        455    
Deferred tax assets       1,636        1,135    
Vendor non -trade receivables       4,414        1,696    
Other current assets       3,447        1,444    
                 
Total current assets       41,678        31,555    
Long -term marketable securities       25,391        10,528    
Property, plant and equipment, net       4,768        2,954    
Goodwill       741        206    
Acquired intangible assets, net       342        247    
Other assets       2,263        2,011    
                 
Total assets     $ 75,183      $ 47,501    
         
        
LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS ’ EQUITY:    
Current liabilities:       
Accounts payable     $ 12,015      $ 5,601    
Accrued expenses       5,723        3,852    
Deferred revenue       2,984        2,053    
                 
Total current liabilities       20,722        11,506    
Deferred revenue – non -current       1,139        853    
Other non -current liabilities       5,531        3,502    
                 
Total liabilities       27,392        15,861    
                 
Commitments and contingencies       
Shareholders ’ equity:       
Common stock, no par value; 1,800,000,000 shares au thorized; 915,970,050 
and 899,805,500 shares issued and outstanding, respectively       10,668        8,210    
Retained earnings       37,169        23,353    
Accumulated other comprehensive (loss)/income       (46 )      77    
                 
Total shareholders ’ equity       47,791        31,640    
                 
Total liabilities and shareholders ’ equity     $ 75,183      $ 47,501    
         
        Table of Contents  
   
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY  
(In millions, except share amounts which are reflec ted in thousands)  
   
See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial St atements.  
   
48       Common Stock     
Retained 
Earnings     Accumulated  
Other  
Comprehensive 
 
Income/(Loss)     Total  
Shareholders’
 
Equity        Shares      Amount         
Balances as of September 29, 2007       872,329       $ 5,368      $ 9,100      $ 63      $ 14,531    
                                          
Cumulative effect of change in accounting principle        0         45        11        0        56    
Components of comprehensive income:              
Net income       0         0        6,119        0        6,119    
Change in foreign currency translation       0         0        0        (28 )      (28 )  
Change in unrealized loss on available -for -sale 
securities, net of tax       0         0        0        (63 )      (63 )  
Change in unrealized gain on derivative instruments , 
net of tax       0         0        0        19        19    
                  
Total comprehensive income                6,047    
Stock -based compensation       0         513        0        0        513    
Common stock issued under stock plans, net of share s 
withheld for employee taxes       15,888         460        (101 )      0        359    
Issuance of common stock in connection with an asse t 
acquisition       109         21        0        0        21    
Tax benefit from employee stock plan awards       0         770        0        0        770    
                                          
Balances as of September 27, 2008       888,326         7,177        15,129        (9 )      22,297    
                                          
Components of comprehensive income:              
Net income       0         0        8,235        0        8,235    
Change in foreign currency translation       0         0        0        (14 )      (14 )  
Change in unrealized loss on available-for-sale 
securities, net of tax       0         0        0        118        118    
Change in unrealized gain on derivative instruments , 
net of tax       0         0        0        (18 )      (18 )  
                  
Total comprehensive income                8,321    
Stock -based compensation       0         707        0        0        707    
Common stock issued under stock plans, net of share s 
withheld for employee taxes       11,480         404        (11 )      0        393    
Tax benefit from employee stock plan awards, includ ing 
transfer pricing adjustments       0         (78 )      0        0        (78 )  
                                          
Balances as of September 26, 2009       899,806         8,210        23,353        77        31,640    
                                          
Components of comprehensive income:              
Net income       0         0        14,013        0        14,013    
Change in foreign currency translation       0         0        0        7        7    
Change in unrealized gain on available-for-sale 
securities, net of tax       0         0        0              123        123    
Change in unrealized gain on derivative instruments , 
net of tax       0         0        0        (253 )      (253 )  
                  
Total comprehensive income                13,890    
Stock -based compensation       0         876        0        0        876    
Common stock issued under stock plans, net of share s 
withheld for employee taxes       16,164         703        (197 )      0        506    
Tax benefit from employee stock plan awards, includ ing 
transfer pricing adjustments       0         879        0        0        879    
                                          
Balances as of September 25, 2010       915,970       $ 10,668      $ 37,169      $ (46 )    $ 47,791    
         
         
        
        
        Table of Contents  
   
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS  
(In millions)  
   
See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial St atements.  
   
49  Three years ended September 25, 2010    2010     2009     2008   
Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of the year     $ 5,263      $ 11,875      $ 9,352    
                         
Operating activities:         
Net income       14,013        8,235        6,119    
Adjustments to reconcile net income to cash generat ed by operating activities:         
Depreciation, amortization and accretion       1,027        734        496    
Stock -based compensation expense       879        710        516    
Deferred income tax expense       1,440        1,040        398    
Loss on disposition of property, plant and equipmen t       24        26        22    
Changes in operating assets and liabilities:         
Accounts receivable, net       (2,142 )      (939 )      (785 )  
Inventories       (596 )      54        (163 )  
Vendor non -trade receivables       (2,718 )      586        110    
Other current assets       (1,514 )      163        (384 )  
Other assets       (120 )      (902 )      289    
Accounts payable       6,307        92        596    
Deferred revenue       1,217        521        718    
Other liabilities       778        (161 )      1,664    
                         
Cash generated by operating activities       18,595        10,159        9,596    
                         
Investing activities:         
Purchases of marketable securities       (57,793 )      (46,724 )      (22,965 )  
Proceeds from maturities of marketable securities       24,930        19,790        11,804    
Proceeds from sales of marketable securities       21,788        10,888        4,439    
Purchases of other long -term investments       (18 )      (101 )      (38 )  
Payments made in connection with business acquisiti ons, net of cash acquired       (638 )      0        (220 )  
Payments for acquisition of property, plant and equ ipment       (2,005 )      (1,144 )      (1,091 )  
Payments for acquisition of intangible assets       (116 )      (69 )      (108 )  
Other       (2 )      (74 )      (10 )  
         
        
        
Cash used in investing activities       (13,854 )      (17,434 )      (8,189 )  
                         
Financing activities:         
Proceeds from issuance of common stock       912        475        483    
Excess tax benefits from stock -based compensation       751        270        757    
Taxes paid related to net share settlement of equit y awards       (406 )      (82 )      (124 )  
                         
Cash generated by financing activities       1,257        663        1,116    
                         
Increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents       5,998        (6,612 )      2,523    
                         
Cash and cash equivalents, end of the year     $ 11,261      $ 5,263      $ 11,875    
         
        
        
Supplemental cash flow disclosure:         
Cash paid for income taxes, net     $ 2,697      $ 2,997      $ 1,267    Table of Contents  
   
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
Note 1 – Summary of Significant Accounting Policies  
Apple Inc. and its wholly-owned subsidiaries (colle ctively “Apple” or the “Company”) designs, manufactures, and markets personal compute rs, 
mobile communication and media devices, and portabl e digital music players, and sells a variety of rel ated software, services, peripherals, 
networking solutions, and third- party digital content and applications. The Company  sells its products worldwide through its retail st ores, online 
stores, and direct sales force, and third-party cel lular network carriers, wholesalers, resellers and value-added resellers. In addition, the Company 
sells a variety of third-party Macintosh (“Mac”), iPhone, iPad and iPod compatible products including  application software, printers, storage 
devices, speakers, headphones, and various other ac cessories and supplies through its online and retai l stores. The Company sells to consumer, 
small and mid-sized business, education, enterprise , government and creative customers.  
Basis of Presentation and Preparation  
The accompanying consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company. Intercompany a ccounts and transactions have been 
eliminated. The preparation of these consolidated f inancial statements in conformity with U.S. general ly accepted accounting principles 
(“GAAP”) requires management to make estimates and assumptio ns that affect the amounts reported in these consol idated financial statements 
and accompanying notes. Actual results could differ  materially from those estimates. Certain prior yea r amounts in the consolidated financial 
statements and notes thereto have been reclassified  to conform to the current year’s presentation.  
The Company’s fiscal year is the 52 or 53-week peri od that ends on the last Saturday of September. The  Company’ s fiscal years 2010, 2009 and 
2008 ended on September 25, 2010, September 26, 200 9 and September 27, 2008, respectively, and include d 52 weeks each. An additional week 
is included in the first fiscal quarter approximate ly every six years to realign fiscal quarters with calendar quarters. Unless otherwise stated, 
references to particular years or quarters refer to  the Company’ s fiscal years ended in September and the associate d quarters of those fiscal years. 
Retrospective Adoption of New Accounting Principles   
In September 2009, the Financial Accounting Standar ds Board (“FASB”) amended the accounting standards related to revenue  recognition for 
arrangements with multiple deliverables and arrange ments that include software elements (“new accounti ng principles”). The new accounting 
principles permitted prospective or retrospective a doption, and the Company elected retrospective adop tion during the first quarter of 2010.  
Under the historical accounting principles, the Com pany was required to account for sales of both iPho ne and Apple TV using subscription 
accounting because the Company indicated it might f rom time-to- time provide future unspecified software upgrades a nd features for those 
products free of charge. Under subscription account ing, revenue and associated product cost of sales f or iPhone and Apple TV were deferred at 
the time of sale and recognized on a straight-line basis over each product’ s estimated economic life. This resulted in the def erral of significant 
amounts of revenue and cost of sales related to iPh one and Apple TV.  
The new accounting principles affect the Company’ s accounting for all past and current sales of iPho ne, iPad, Apple TV and for sales of iPod 
touch beginning in June 2010. The new accounting pr inciples require the Company to account for the sal e of these devices as two deliverables. 
The first deliverable is the hardware and software essential to the functionality of the hardware devi ce delivered at the time of sale, and the 
second deliverable is the right included with the p urchase of these devices to receive on a when-and-i f-available basis, future unspecified 
software upgrades and features relating to the prod uct’s essential software. The new accounting principles  result in the recognition of a 
substantial portion of the revenue and all product costs from  
   
50  Table of Contents  
the sale of these devices at the time of their sale . Additionally, the Company is required to estimate  a standalone selling price for the unspecified 
software upgrade rights included with the sale of t hese devices and recognizes that amount ratably ove r the 24-month estimated life of the related 
hardware device.  
Refer to the “Explanatory Note” and Note 2, “Retros pective Adoption of New Accounting Principles” in t he 2009 Form 10- K for additional 
information on the impact of adoption of the new ac counting principles, which sections are incorporate d herein by reference.  
Revenue Recognition  
Net sales consist primarily of revenue from the sal e of hardware, software, digital content and applic ations, peripherals, and service and support 
contracts. The Company recognizes revenue when pers uasive evidence of an arrangement exists, delivery has occurred, the sales price is fixed or 
determinable, and collection is probable. Product i s considered delivered to the customer once it has been shipped and title and risk of loss have 
been transferred. For most of the Company’ s product sales, these criteria are met at the time  the product is shipped. For online sales to 
individuals, for some sales to education customers in the U.S., and for certain other sales, the Compa ny defers revenue until the customer 
receives the product because the Company legally re tains a portion of the risk of loss on these sales during transit. The Company recognizes 
revenue from the sale of hardware products (e.g., M acs, iPhones, iPads, iPods and peripherals), softwa re bundled with hardware that is essential 
to the functionality of the hardware, and third- party digital content sold on the iTunes Store in a ccordance with general revenue recognition 
accounting guidance. The Company recognizes revenue  in accordance with industry specific software acco unting guidance for the following 
types of sales transactions: (i) standalone sales o f software products, (ii) sales of software upgrade s and (iii) sales of software bundled with 
hardware not essential to the functionality of the hardware.  
The Company sells software and peripheral products obtained from other companies. The Company generall y establishes its own pricing and 
retains related inventory risk, is the primary obli gor in sales transactions with its customers, and a ssumes the credit risk for amounts billed to its 
customers. Accordingly, the Company generally recog nizes revenue for the sale of products obtained fro m other companies based on the gross 
amount billed. For certain sales made through the i Tunes Store, including sales of third-party softwar e applications for the Company’ s iOS 
devices, the Company is not the primary obligor to users of the software, and third- party developers determine the selling price of the ir software. 
Therefore, the Company accounts for such sales on a  net basis by recognizing only the commission it re tains from each sale and including that 
commission in net sales in the Consolidated Stateme nts of Operations. The portion of the sales price p aid by users that is remitted by the 
Company to third-party developers is not reflected in the Company’s Consolidated Statement of Operatio ns.  
The Company records deferred revenue when it receiv es payments in advance of the delivery of products or the performance of services. This 
includes amounts that have been deferred related to  embedded unspecified and specified software upgrad es rights. The Company sells gift cards 
redeemable at its retail and online stores, and als o sells gift cards redeemable on the iTunes Store f or the purchase of content and software. The 
Company records deferred revenue upon the sale of t he card, which is relieved upon redemption of the c ard by the customer. Revenue from 
AppleCare service and support contracts is deferred  and recognized ratably over the service coverage p eriods. AppleCare service and support 
contracts typically include extended phone support,  repair services, web- based support resources and diagnostic tools offere d under the 
Company’s standard limited warranty.  
The Company records reductions to revenue for estim ated commitments related to price protection and fo r customer incentive programs, 
including reseller and end-user rebates, and other sales programs and volume- based incentives. The estimated cost of these progr ams is 
recognized in the period the Company has sold the p roduct and committed to a plan. The Company also re cords reductions to revenue for 
expected future product returns based on the Compan y’s historical experience. Revenue is recorded net of  taxes collected from customers that 
are remitted to governmental authorities, with the collected taxes recorded as current liabilities unt il remitted to the relevant government 
authority.  
   
51  Table of Contents  
   
Revenue Recognition for Arrangements with Multiple Deliverables  
For multi-element arrangements that include tangibl e products that contain software that is essential to the tangible product’ s functionality and 
undelivered software elements that relate to the ta ngible product’ s essential software, the Company allocates revenue  to all deliverables based on 
their relative selling prices. In such circumstance s, the Company uses a hierarchy to determine the se lling price to be used for allocating revenue 
to deliverables: (i) vendor-specific objective evid ence of fair value (“VSOE”), (ii) third-party evide nce of selling price (“TPE”), and (iii) best 
estimate of the selling price (“ESP”). VSOE generally exists only when the Company sells t he deliverable separately and is the price actually  
charged by the Company for that deliverable. ESPs r eflect the Company’ s best estimates of what the selling prices of elem ents would be if they 
were sold regularly on a stand-alone basis.  
As described in more detail below, for all past and  current sales of iPhone, iPad, Apple TV and for sa les of iPod touch beginning in June 2010, 
the Company has indicated it may from time-to- time provide future unspecified software upgrades a nd features free of charge to customers. The 
Company has identified two deliverables in arrangem ents involving the sale of these devices. The first  deliverable is the hardware and software 
essential to the functionality of the hardware devi ce delivered at the time of sale. The second delive rable is the embedded right included with the 
purchase of iPhone, iPad, iPod touch and Apple TV t o receive on a when-and-if- available basis, future unspecified software upgrad es and 
features relating to the product’ s essential software. The Company has allocated rev enue between these two deliverables using the relat ive 
selling price method. Because the Company has neith er VSOE nor TPE for the two deliverables, the alloc ation of revenue has been based on the 
Company’ s ESPs. Amounts allocated to the delivered hardware  and the related essential software are recognized at the time of sale provided the 
other conditions for revenue recognition have been met. Amounts allocated to the embedded unspecified software upgrade rights are deferred 
and recognized on a straight-line basis over the 24 -month estimated life of each of these devices. All product cost of sales, including estimated 
warranty costs, are recognized at the time of sale.  Costs for engineering and sales and marketing are expensed as incurred.  
The Company’ s process for determining its ESP for deliverables without VSOE or TPE considers multiple factors that  may vary depending upon 
the unique facts and circumstances related to each deliverable. The Company believes its customers, pa rticularly consumers, would be reluctant 
to buy unspecified software upgrade rights related to iPhone, iPad, iPod touch and Apple TV. This view  is primarily based on the fact that 
unspecified upgrade rights do not obligate the Comp any to provide upgrades at a particular time or at all, and do not specify to customers which 
upgrades or features will be delivered. Therefore, the Company has concluded that if it were to sell u pgrade rights on a standalone basis, 
including those rights associated with iPhone, iPad , iPod touch and Apple TV, the selling price would be relatively low. Key factors considered 
by the Company in developing the ESPs for these upg rade rights include prices charged by the Company f or similar offerings, the Company’ s 
historical pricing practices, the nature of the upg rade rights (e.g., unspecified and when-and-if- available), and the relative ESP of the upgrade 
rights as compared to the total selling price of th e product. The Company may also consider, when appr opriate, the impact of other products and 
services, including advertising services, on sellin g price assumptions when developing and reviewing i ts ESPs for software upgrade rights and 
related deliverables. The Company may also consider  additional factors as appropriate, including the p ricing of competitive alternatives if they 
exist, and product-specific business objectives.  
Beginning in the third quarter of 2010 in conjuncti on with the announcement of iOS 4, the Company’ s ESPs for the embedded software upgrade 
rights included with iPhone, iPad and iPod touch re flect the positive financial impact expected by the  Company as a result of its introduction of a 
mobile advertising platform for these devices and t he expectation of customers regarding software that  includes or supports an advertising 
component. iOS 4 supports iAd, the Company’ s new mobile advertising platform, which enables ap plications on iPhone, iPad and iPod touch to 
embed media-rich advertisements.  
For all periods presented, the Company’ s ESP for the embedded software upgrade right inclu ded with each Apple TV sold is $10. The 
Company’s ESP for the software upgrade right includ ed with each iPhone sold through the  
   
52  Table of Contents  
Company’s second quarter of 2010 was $25. Beginning  in April 2010 in conjunction with the Company’ s announcement of iOS 4 for iPhone, the 
Company lowered its ESP for the software upgrade ri ght included with each iPhone to $10.  
Beginning with initial sales of iPad in April 2010,  the Company has also indicated it may from time-to -time provide future unspecified software 
upgrades and features free of charge to iPad custom ers. The Company’ s ESP for the embedded software upgrade right inclu ded with the sale of 
each iPad is $10. In June 2010, the Company announc ed that certain previously sold iPod touch models w ould receive an upgrade to iOS 4 free 
of charge and indicated iPod touch devices running on iOS 4 may from time-to- time receive future unspecified software upgrades a nd features 
free of charge. The Company’s ESP for the embedded software upgrade right included with each iPod touc h sold beginning in June 2010 is $5.  
The Company accounts for multiple element arrangeme nts that consist only of software or software- related products, including the sale of 
upgrades to previously sold software, in accordance  with industry specific accounting guidance for sof tware and software- related transactions. 
For such transactions, revenue on arrangements that  include multiple elements is allocated to each ele ment based on the relative fair value of 
each element, and fair value is determined by VSOE.  If the Company cannot objectively determine the fa ir value of any undelivered element 
included in such multiple- element arrangements, the Company defers revenue un til all elements are delivered and services have be en performed, 
or until fair value can objectively be determined f or any remaining undelivered elements. When the fai r value of a delivered element has not 
been established, but fair value exists for the und elivered elements, the Company uses the residual me thod to recognize revenue. Under the 
residual method, the fair value of the undelivered elements is deferred and the remaining portion of t he arrangement fee is allocated to the 
delivered elements and is recognized as revenue.  
Except as described for iPhone, iPad, iPod touch an d Apple TV, the Company generally does not offer un specified upgrade rights to its 
customers in connection with software sales or the sale of AppleCare extended warranty and support con tracts. A limited number of the 
Company’ s software products are available with maintenance agreements that grant customers rights to unspecifi ed future upgrades over the 
maintenance term on a when and if available basis. Revenue associated with such maintenance is recogni zed ratably over the maintenance term.  
Shipping Costs  
For all periods presented, amounts billed to custom ers related to shipping and handling are classified  as revenue, and the Company’ s shipping 
and handling costs are included in cost of sales.  
Warranty Expense  
The Company generally provides for the estimated co st of hardware and software warranties at the time the related revenue is recognized. The 
Company assesses the adequacy of its pre- existing warranty liabilities and adjusts the amoun ts as necessary based on actual experience and 
changes in future estimates.  
Software Development Costs  
Research and development costs are expensed as incu rred. Development costs of computer software to be sold, leased, or otherwise marketed are 
subject to capitalization beginning when a product’ s technological feasibility has been established an d ending when a product is available for 
general release to customers. In most instances, th e Company’ s products are released soon after technological fe asibility has been established. 
Therefore, costs incurred subsequent to achievement  of technological feasibility are usually not signi ficant, and generally most software 
development costs have been expensed as incurred.  
The Company did not capitalize any software develop ment costs during 2010. In 2009 and 2008, the Compa ny capitalized $71 million and $11 
million, respectively, of costs associated with the  development of Mac OS X  
   
53  Table of Contents  
Version 10.6 Snow Leopard (“Mac OS X Snow Leopard”) , which was released during the fourth quarter of 200 9. The capitalized costs are being 
amortized to cost of sales on a straight-line basis  over a three year estimated useful life of the und erlying technology.  
Total amortization related to capitalized software development costs was $48 million, $25 million and $27 million in 2010, 2009 and 2008, 
respectively.  
Advertising Costs  
Advertising costs are expensed as incurred. Adverti sing expense was $691 million, $501 million and $48 6 million for 2010, 2009 and 2008, 
respectively.  
Stock-Based Compensation  
The Company accounts for stock- based payment transactions in which the Company rec eives employee services in exchange for (a) equity 
instruments of the enterprise or (b) liabilities th at are based on the fair value of the enterprise’ s equity instruments or that may be settled by the 
issuance of such equity instruments. Stock-based co mpensation cost for restricted stock units (“RSUs”)  is measured based on the closing fair 
market value of the Company’s common stock on the d ate of grant. Stock- based compensation cost for stock options is estima ted at the grant 
date based on each option’s fair-value as calculate d by the Black-Scholes-Merton (“BSM”) option- pricing model. The Company recognizes 
stock-based compensation cost as expense ratably on  a straight- line basis over the requisite service period. The C ompany will recognize a benefit 
from stock- based compensation in equity if an incremental tax benefit is realized by following the ordering provi sions of the tax law. In addition, 
the Company accounts for the indirect effects of st ock-based compensation on the research tax credit, the foreign tax credit and the domestic 
manufacturing deduction through the income statemen t. Further information regarding stock- based compensation can be found in Note 7, 
“Shareholders’ Equity and Stock-Based Compensation”  of this Form 10-K.  
Income Taxes  
The provision for income taxes is computed using th e asset and liability method, under which deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized 
for the expected future tax consequences of tempora ry differences between the financial reporting and tax bases of assets and liabilities, and for 
operating losses and tax credit carryforwards. Defe rred tax assets and liabilities are measured using the currently enacted tax rates that apply to 
taxable income in effect for the years in which tho se tax assets are expected to be realized or settle d. The Company records a valuation 
allowance to reduce deferred tax assets to the amou nt that is believed more likely than not to be real ized.  
The Company recognizes the tax benefit from an unce rtain tax position only if it is more likely than n ot the tax position will be sustained on 
examination by the taxing authorities, based on the  technical merits of the position. The tax benefits  recognized in the financial statements from 
such positions are then measured based on the large st benefit that has a greater than 50% likelihood o f being realized upon settlement. See Note 
6, “Income Taxes” of this Form 10-K for additional information.  
Earnings Per Common Share  
Basic earnings per common share is computed by divi ding income available to common shareholders by the  weighted- average number of shares 
of common stock outstanding during the period. Dilu ted earnings per common share is computed by dividi ng income available to common 
shareholders by the weighted- average number of shares of common stock outstandin g during the period increased to include the number  of 
additional shares of common stock that would have b een outstanding if the potentially dilutive securit ies had been issued.  
   
54  Table of Contents  
Potentially dilutive securities include outstanding  stock options, shares to be purchased under the em ployee stock purchase plan and unvested 
RSUs. The dilutive effect of potentially dilutive s ecurities is reflected in diluted earnings per comm on share by application of the treasury stock 
method. Under the treasury stock method, an increas e in the fair market value of the Company’ s common stock can result in a greater dilutive 
effect from potentially dilutive securities.  
The following table sets forth the computation of b asic and diluted earnings per common share for the three years ended September 25, 2010 (in 
thousands, except net income in millions and per sh are amounts):  
   
Potentially dilutive securities representing 1.6 mi llion, 12.6 million and 10.3 million shares of comm on stock for 2010, 2009 and 2008, 
respectively, were excluded from the computation of  diluted earnings per common share for these period s because their effect would have been 
antidilutive.  
Financial Instruments  
Cash Equivalents and Marketable Securities  
All highly liquid investments with maturities of th ree months or less at the date of purchase are clas sified as cash equivalents. The Company’ s 
debt and marketable equity securities have been cla ssified and accounted for as available-for- sale. Management determines the appropriate 
classification of its investments in debt securitie s at the time of purchase and reevaluates the avail able-for-sale designations as of each balance 
sheet date. The Company classifies its marketable d ebt securities as either short-term or long-term ba sed on each instrument’ s underlying 
contractual maturity date. Marketable securities wi th maturities of less than 12 months are classified  as short-term and marketable securities with 
maturities greater than 12 months are classified as  long-term. These securities are carried at fair value, w ith the unrealized gains and losses, net 
of taxes, reported as a component of shareholders’ equity. The cost of securities sold is based upon t he specific identification method.  
Derivative Financial Instruments  
The Company accounts for its derivative instruments  as either assets or liabilities and carries them a t fair value. Derivatives that are not defined 
as hedges must be adjusted to fair value through ea rnings.  
For derivative instruments that hedge the exposure to variability in expected future cash flows that a re designated as cash flow hedges, the 
effective portion of the gain or loss on the deriva tive instrument is reported as a component of accum ulated other comprehensive income in 
shareholders’ equity and reclassified into earnings in the same p eriod or periods during which the hedged transactio n affects earnings. The 
ineffective portion of the gain or loss on the deri vative instrument is recognized in current earnings . To receive hedge accounting treatment, cash 
flow hedges must be highly effective in offsetting changes to expected future cash flows on hedged tra nsactions. For options designated as cash 
flow hedges, changes in the time value are excluded  from the assessment of hedge effectiveness and are  recognized in earnings. For derivative 
instruments that hedge the exposure to changes in t he fair value of an asset or a liability and that a re designated as fair value hedges, the net gain 
or loss on the derivative instrument as well as the  offsetting gain or loss on the hedged item attribu table to  
   
55       2010      2009      2008   
Numerator:           
Net income     $ 14,013       $ 8,235       $ 6,119    
Denominator:           
Weighted -average shares outstanding       909,461         893,016         881,592    
Effect of dilutive securities       15,251         13,989         20,547    
                           
Weighted -average diluted shares       924,712         907,005         902,139    
         
         
         
Basic earnings per common share     $ 15.41       $ 9.22       $ 6.94    
Diluted earnings per common share     $ 15.15       $ 9.08       $ 6.78    Table of Contents  
the hedged risk are recognized in earnings in the c urrent period. The Company did not have a net gain or loss on these derivative instruments 
during 2010, 2009 and 2008. The net gain or loss on  the effective portion of a derivative instrument t hat is designated as an economic hedge of 
the foreign currency translation exposure of the ne t investment in a foreign operation is reported in the same manner as a foreign currency 
translation adjustment. For forward exchange contra cts designated as net investment hedges, the Compan y excludes changes in fair value 
relating to changes in the forward carry component from its definition of effectiveness. Accordingly, any gains or losses related to this 
component are recognized in current earnings.  
Allowance for Doubtful Accounts  
The Company records its allowance for doubtful acco unts based upon its assessment of various factors. The Company considers historical 
experience, the age of the accounts receivable bala nces, credit quality of the Company’ s customers, current economic conditions, and other  
factors that may affect customers’ ability to pay.  
Inventories  
Inventories are stated at the lower of cost, comput ed using the first-in, first- out method, or market. If the cost of the inventori es exceeds their 
market value, provisions are made currently for the  difference between the cost and the market value. The Company’ s inventories consist 
primarily of components and finished goods for all periods presented.  
Property, Plant and Equipment  
Property, plant and equipment are stated at cost. D epreciation is computed by use of the straight- line method over the estimated useful lives of 
the assets, which for buildings is the lesser of 30  years or the remaining life of the underlying buil ding, up to five years for equipment, and the 
shorter of lease terms or ten years for leasehold i mprovements. The Company capitalizes eligible costs  to acquire or develop internal- use 
software that are incurred subsequent to the prelim inary project stage. Capitalized costs related to i nternal-use software are amortized using the 
straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets, which range from three to five years. Depre ciation and amortization expense on 
property and equipment was $815 million, $606 milli on and $387 million during 2010, 2009 and 2008, res pectively.  
Long-Lived Assets Including Goodwill and Other Acqu ired Intangible Assets  
The Company reviews property, plant and equipment a nd certain identifiable intangibles, excluding good will, for impairment. Long- lived assets 
are reviewed for impairment whenever events or chan ges in circumstances indicate the carrying amount o f an asset may not be recoverable. 
Recoverability of these assets is measured by compa rison of their carrying amounts to future undiscoun ted cash flows the assets are expected to 
generate. If property, plant and equipment and cert ain identifiable intangibles are considered to be i mpaired, the impairment to be recognized 
equals the amount by which the carrying value of th e assets exceeds its fair market value. The Company  did not record any significant 
impairments during 2010, 2009 and 2008.  
The Company does not amortize goodwill and intangib le assets with indefinite useful lives, rather such  assets are required to be tested for 
impairment at least annually or sooner whenever eve nts or changes in circumstances indicate that the a ssets may be impaired. The Company 
performs its goodwill and intangible asset impairme nt tests on or about August 31 of each year. The Co mpany did not recognize any goodwill or 
intangible asset impairment charges in 2010, 2009 a nd 2008. The Company established reporting units ba sed on its current reporting structure. 
For purposes of testing goodwill for impairment, go odwill has been allocated to these reporting units to the extent it relates to each reporting 
unit.  
The Company amortizes its intangible assets with de finite lives over their estimated useful lives and reviews these assets for impairment. The 
Company is currently amortizing its acquired intang ible assets with definite lives over periods rangin g from three to ten years.  
   
56  Table of Contents  
   
Fair Value Measurements  
During 2009, the Company adopted the FASB’ s new accounting standard on fair value measurement s and disclosures for all financial assets and 
liabilities. The new accounting principles define f air value, provide a framework for measuring fair v alue, and expand the disclosures required 
for fair value measurements. During the first quart er of 2010, the Company adopted the new fair value accounting principles for all non- financial 
assets and non- financial liabilities, except for items that are re cognized or disclosed at fair value in the financia l statements on a recurring basis, 
which did not have a material effect on the Company ’s financial condition or operating results.  
The Company applies fair value accounting for all f inancial assets and liabilities and non- financial assets and liabilities that are recognize d or 
disclosed at fair value in the financial statements  on a recurring basis. The Company defines fair val ue as the price that would be received from 
selling an asset or paid to transfer a liability in  an orderly transaction between market participants  at the measurement date. When determining 
the fair value measurements for assets and liabilit ies, which are required to be recorded at fair valu e, the Company considers the principal or 
most advantageous market in which the Company would  transact and the market- based risk measurements or assumptions that market 
participants would use in pricing the asset or liab ility, such as inherent risk, transfer restrictions  and credit risk. In accordance with the fair value  
accounting requirements, companies may choose to me asure eligible financial instruments and certain ot her items at fair value. The Company 
has not elected the fair value option for any eligi ble financial instruments.  
Foreign Currency Translation and Remeasurement  
The Company translates the assets and liabilities o f its non-U.S. dollar functional currency subsidiaries into U .S. dollars using exchange rates in 
effect at the end of each period. Revenue and expen ses for these subsidiaries are translated using rat es that approximate those in effect during the 
period. Gains and losses from these translations ar e credited or charged to foreign currency translati on included in accumulated other 
comprehensive income in shareholders’ equity. The C ompany’s subsidiaries that use the U.S. dollar as their fu nctional currency remeasure 
monetary assets and liabilities at exchange rates i n effect at the end of each period, and inventories , property, and nonmonetary assets and 
liabilities at historical rates. Gains and losses f rom these remeasurements were insignificant and hav e been included in the Company’ s results of 
operations.  
Segment Information  
The Company reports segment information based on th e “management” approach. The management approach designates the in ternal reporting 
used by management for making decisions and assessi ng performance as the source of the Company’ s reportable segments. Information about 
the Company’s products, major customers and geograp hic areas on a company-wide basis is also disclosed .  
Business Combinations  
In December 2007, the FASB issued a new accounting standard for business combinations, which establish ed principles and requirements for 
how an acquirer is to recognize and measure in its financial statements the identifiable assets acquir ed, the liabilities assumed, and any 
noncontrolling interest in the acquiree in a busine ss combination. This new accounting standard also e stablished principles regarding how 
goodwill acquired in a business combination or a ga in from a bargain purchase should be recognized and  measured, requiring the capitalization 
of in-process research and development at fair valu e and the expensing of acquisition- related costs as incurred, as well as providing gui delines 
on the disclosure requirements. In April 2009, the FASB amended this new accounting standard to requir e that assets acquired and liabilities 
assumed in a business combination that arise from c ontingencies be recognized at fair value, if the fa ir value can be determined during the 
measurement period. The Company adopted the new bus iness combination accounting standard in the first quarter of 2010 and applied these 
principles to any business combinations completed i n or after the first quarter of 2010. The adoption of the new business combination accounting 
standard did not have a material effect on the Comp any’s financial condition or operating results.  
   
57  Table of Contents  
   
Note 2 – Financial Instruments  
Cash, Cash Equivalents and Marketable Securities  
The following table summarizes the fair value of th e Company’s cash and available-for- sale securities held in its marketable securities 
investment portfolio, recorded as cash and cash equ ivalents or short-term or long- term marketable securities as of September 25, 2010  and 
September 26, 2009 (in millions):  
   
   
58       September 25, 2010      September 26, 2009   
Cash     $ 1,690       $ 1,139    
                  
Money market funds       2,753         1,608    
U.S. Treasury securities       2,571         289    
U.S. agency securities       1,916         273    
Non -U.S. government securities       10         0    
Certificates of deposit and time deposits       374         572    
Commercial paper       1,889         1,381    
Corporate securities       58         0    
Municipal securities       0         1    
                  
Total cash equivalents       9,571         4,124    
                  
U.S. Treasury securities       2,130         2,843    
U.S. agency securities       4,339         8,582    
Non -U.S. government securities       865         219    
Certificates of deposit and time deposits       850         1,142    
Commercial paper       1,279         2,816    
Corporate securities       4,522         2,466    
Municipal securities       374         133    
                  
Total short -term marketable securities       14,359         18,201    
                  
U.S. Treasury securities       5,213         484    
U.S. agency securities       2,472         2,252    
Non -U.S. government securities       1,786         102    
Certificates of deposit and time deposits       1,515         0    
Corporate securities       12,862         7,320    
Municipal securities       1,543         370    
                  
Total long -term marketable securities       25,391         10,528    
                  
Total cash, cash equivalents and marketable securit ies     $ 51,011       $ 33,992    
         
         Table of Contents  
   
The following tables summarize the Company’s availa ble-for-sale securities’ adjusted cost, gross unrealized gains, gross unreal ized losses and 
fair value by significant investment category as of  September 25, 2010 and September 26, 2009 (in mill ions):  
   
   
The Company had net unrealized gains on its investm ent portfolio of $180 million and $57 million as of  September 25, 2010 and September 26, 
2009, respectively. The net unrealized gains as of September 25, 2010 and September 26, 2009 related p rimarily to long- term marketable 
securities. The Company may sell certain of its mar ketable securities prior to their stated maturities  for strategic purposes, in anticipation of 
credit deterioration, or for duration management. T he Company recognized no significant net realized g ains or losses during 2010, 2009 and 
2008 related to such sales. The maturities of the C ompany’s long-term marketable securities generally range from one year to five years .  
   
59       September 25, 2010   
     Adjusted 
Cost      Unrealized 
 
Gains      Unrealized 
 
Losses     Fair  
Value   
Money market funds     $ 2,753       $ 0       $ 0      $ 2,753    
U.S. Treasury securities       9,872                42                  0        9,914    
U.S. agency securities       8,717         10         0        8,727    
Non -U.S. government securities       2,648         13         0        2,661    
Certificates of deposit and time deposits       2,735         5         (1 )      2,739    
Commercial paper       3,168         0         0        3,168    
Corporate securities       17,349         102         (9 )      17,442    
Municipal securities       1,899         19         (1 )      1,917    
                                   
Total cash equivalents and marketable securities     $ 49,141       $ 191       $ (11 )    $ 49,321    
         
         
         
        
     September 26, 2009   
     Adjusted 
Cost      Unrealized 
 
Gains      Unrealized 
 
Losses     Fair  
Value   
Money market funds     $ 1,608       $ 0       $ 0      $ 1,608    
U.S. Treasury securities       3,610         6         0        3,616    
U.S. agency securities       11,085                22                  0        11,107    
Non -U.S. government securities       320         1         0        321    
Certificates of deposit and time deposits       1,714         0         0        1,714    
Commercial paper       4,197         0         0        4,197    
Corporate securities       9,760         42         (16 )      9,786    
Municipal securities       502         2         0        504    
                                   
Total cash equivalents and marketable securities     $ 32,796       $ 73       $ (16 )    $ 32,853    
         
         
         
        Table of Contents  
   
The following tables show the gross unrealized loss es and fair value for investments in an unrealized loss position as of September 25, 2010 and 
September 26, 2009, aggregated by investment catego ry and the length of time that individual securitie s have been in a continuous loss position 
(in millions):  
   
The Company considers the declines in market value of its marketable securities investment portfolio t o be temporary in nature. The unrealized 
losses on the Company’ s marketable securities were caused primarily by ch anges in market interest rates or widening credit s preads. The 
Company typically invests in highly- rated securities, and its policy generally limits t he amount of credit exposure to any one issuer. The  
Company’s investment policy requires investments to  be investment grade, primarily rated single- A or better, with the objective of minimizing 
the potential risk of principal loss. Fair values w ere determined for each individual security in the investment portfolio. When evaluating the 
investments for other-than- temporary impairment, the Company reviews factors s uch as the length of time and extent to which fair value has 
been below cost basis, the financial condition of t he issuer and any changes thereto, and the Company’ s intent to sell, or whether it is more likely 
than not it will be required to sell, the investmen t before recovery of the investment’ s amortized cost basis. During the years ended 
September 25, 2010 and September 26, 2009, the Comp any did not recognize any significant impairment ch arges. As of September 25, 2010, the 
Company does not consider any of its investments to  be other-than-temporarily impaired.  
Derivative Financial Instruments  
The Company uses derivatives to partially offset it s business exposure to foreign currency exchange ri sk. The Company may enter into foreign 
currency forward and option contracts to offset som e of the foreign exchange risk of expected future c ash flows on certain forecasted revenue 
and cost of sales, of net investments in certain fo reign subsidiaries, and on certain existing assets and liabilities. To help protect gross margins 
from fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rate s, certain of the Company’ s subsidiaries whose functional currency is the U.S . dollar, hedge a 
portion of forecasted foreign currency revenue. The  Company’ s subsidiaries whose functional currency is not the  U.S. dollar and who sell in 
local currencies, may hedge a portion of forecasted  inventory purchases not denominated in the subsidi aries’ functional currencies. The 
Company typically hedges portions of its forecasted  foreign currency exposure associated with revenue and inventory purchases for three to six 
months. To help protect the net investment in a for eign operation from adverse changes in foreign curr ency exchange rates, the Company may 
enter into foreign currency forward and option cont racts to offset the changes in the carrying amounts  of these investments due to fluctuations in 
foreign currency exchange rates. The Company may al so enter into foreign currency forward and option c ontracts to partially offset the foreign 
currency exchange gains and losses generated by the  re-measurement of certain assets and liabilities d enominated in non- functional currencies. 
However, the Company may choose not to hedge certai n foreign currency exchange exposures for a variety  of reasons, including but not limited 
to immateriality, accounting considerations and the  prohibitive economic cost of hedging particular ex posures. There can be no assurance the 
hedges will offset more than a portion of the finan cial impact resulting from movements in foreign cur rency exchange rates.  
   
60       September 25, 2010   
     Less than 12 Months     12 Months or Greater     Total   
     Fair  
Value      Unrealized 
 
Losses     Fair  
Value      Unrealized 
 
Losses     Fair  
Value      Unrealized 
 
Loss   
Certificates of deposit and time deposits     $ 802       $ (1 )    $ 54       $ 0      $ 856       $ (1 )  
Corporate securities       3,579              (7 )         275         (2 )      3,854              (9 )  
Municipal securities       298         (1 )      0                0        298         (1 )  
                                                    
Total     $ 4,679       $ (9 )    $ 329       $ (2 )    $ 5,008       $ (11 )  
         
         
        
         
        
         
     September 26, 2009   
     Less than 12 Months     12 Months or Greater     Total   
     Fair  
Value      Unrealized 
 
Losses     Fair  
Value      Unrealized 
 
Losses     Fair  
Value      Unrealized 
 
Loss   
Corporate securities     $ 1,667       $ (3 )    $ 719       $ (13 )    $ 2,386       $ (16 )  
         
         
        
         
        
         Table of Contents  
   
The Company’s accounting policies for these instrum ents are based on whether the instruments are desig nated as hedge or non- hedge 
instruments. The Company records all derivatives on  the Consolidated Balance Sheets at fair value. The  effective portions of cash flow hedges 
are recorded in other comprehensive income until th e hedged item is recognized in earnings. The effect ive portions of net investment hedges are 
recorded in other comprehensive income as a part of  the cumulative translation adjustment. Derivatives  that are not designated as hedging 
instruments and the ineffective portions of cash fl ow hedges and net investment hedges are adjusted to  fair value through earnings in other 
income and expense.  
The Company had a net deferred loss associated with  cash flow hedges of approximately $252 million and  a net deferred gain of $1 million, net 
of taxes, recorded in other comprehensive income as  of September 25, 2010 and September 26, 2009, resp ectively. Other comprehensive income 
associated with cash flow hedges of foreign currenc y revenue is recognized as a component of net sales  in the same period as the related revenue 
is recognized, and other comprehensive income relat ed to cash flow hedges of inventory purchases is re cognized as a component of cost of sales 
in the same period as the related costs are recogni zed. Substantially all of the Company’ s hedged transactions as of September 25, 2010 are 
expected to occur within six months.  
Derivative instruments designated as cash flow hedg es must be de- designated as hedges when it is probable the foreca sted hedged transaction 
will not occur in the initially identified time per iod or within a subsequent two month time period. D eferred gains and losses in other 
comprehensive income associated with such derivativ e instruments are reclassified immediately into ear nings through other income and expense. 
Any subsequent changes in fair value of such deriva tive instruments also are reflected in current earn ings unless they are re- designated as hedges 
of other transactions. The Company did not recogniz e any significant net gains or losses related to th e loss of hedge designation on discontinued 
cash flow hedges during 2010, 2009 and 2008.  
The Company had an unrealized net loss on net inves tment hedges of $9 million and $2 million, net of t axes, included in the cumulative 
translation adjustment account of accumulated other  comprehensive income (“AOCI”) as of September 25, 2010 and September 26, 2009, 
respectively. The ineffective portions and amounts excluded from the effectiveness test of net investm ent hedges are recorded in current earnings 
in other income and expense.  
The Company recognized in earnings a net loss of $1 23 million and $133 million on foreign currency for ward and option contracts not 
designated as hedging instruments during the year e nded September 25, 2010 and September 26, 2009, res pectively. These amounts represent the 
net gain or loss on the derivative contracts and do  not include changes in the related exposures, whic h generally offset a portion of the gain or 
loss on the derivative contracts.  
The following table shows the notional principal an d credit risk amounts of the Company’ s derivative instruments outstanding as of 
September 25, 2010 and September 26, 2009 (in milli ons):  
   
The notional principal amounts for derivative instr uments provide one measure of the transaction volum e outstanding and does not represent the 
amount of the Company’s exposure to credit or marke t loss. The credit risk amounts represent the Compa ny’s gross exposure to potential 
accounting loss on these transactions if all counte rparties failed to perform according to the terms o f the contract, based on then- current currency 
exchange rates at each respective date. The Company ’s gross exposure on these transactions may be furt her mitigated by  
   
61       2010      2009   
     Notional  
Principal      Credit  
Risk  
Amounts      Notional  
Principal      Credit  
Risk  
Amounts   
Instruments qualifying as accounting hedges:              
Foreign exchange contracts     $ 13,957       $ 62       $   4,422       $ 31    
Instruments other than accounting hedges:              
Foreign exchange contracts     $ 10,727       $ 45       $   3,416       $ 10    Table of Contents  
collateral received from certain counterparties. Th e Company’ s exposure to credit loss and market risk will vary  over time as a function of 
currency exchange rates. Although the table above r eflects the notional principal and credit risk amou nts of the Company’ s foreign exchange 
instruments, it does not reflect the gains or losse s associated with the exposures and transactions th at the foreign exchange instruments are 
intended to hedge. The amounts ultimately realized upon settlement of these financial instruments, tog ether with the gains and losses on the 
underlying exposures, will depend on actual market conditions during the remaining life of the instrum ents.  
The Company generally enters into master netting ar rangements, which reduce credit risk by permitting net settlement of transactions with the 
same counterparty. To further limit credit risk, th e Company generally enters into collateral security  arrangements that provide for collateral to 
be received or posted when the net fair value of ce rtain financial instruments fluctuate from contract ually established thresholds. The Company 
presents its derivative assets and derivative liabi lities at their gross fair values. As of September 25, 2010, the Company has posted cash 
collateral related to the derivative instruments un der its collateral security arrangements of $445 mi llion and recorded the offsetting balance as 
other current assets in the Consolidated Balance Sh eet. The Company did not record any significant amo unts of cash collateral related to the 
derivative instruments under its master netting arr angements as of September 26, 2009. The Company did  not have any derivative instruments 
with credit risk-related contingent features that w ould require it to post additional collateral as of  September 25, 2010 or September 26, 2009.  
The estimates of fair value are based on applicable  and commonly used pricing models and prevailing fi nancial market information as of 
September 25, 2010. Refer to Note 3, “Fair Value Me asurements” of this Form 10- K, for additional information on the fair value mea surements 
for all financial assets and liabilities, including  derivative assets and derivative liabilities, that  are measured at fair value in the consolidated 
financial statements on a recurring basis. The foll owing tables show the Company’ s derivative instruments measured at gross fair val ue as 
reflected in the Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 25, 2010 and September 26, 2009 (in milli ons):  
   
   
   
62       September 25, 2010   
     Fair Value of  
Derivatives  
Designated as  
Hedge Instruments      Fair Value of  
Derivatives Not 
 
Designated as  
Hedge  
Instruments      Total Fair Value   
Derivative assets (a):           
Foreign exchange contracts     $ 62       $ 45       $ 107    
Derivative liabilities (b):           
Foreign exchange contracts     $ 488       $ 118       $ 606    
     September 26, 2009   
     Fair Value of  
Derivatives  
Designated as  
Hedge Instruments      Fair Value of  
Derivatives Not 
 
Designated as  
Hedge  
Instruments      Total Fair Value   
Derivative assets (a):           
Foreign exchange contracts     $ 27       $ 10       $ 37    
Derivative liabilities (b):           
Foreign exchange contracts     $ 24       $ 1       $ 25    
  
(a) All derivative assets are recorded as other current  assets in the Consolidated Balance Sheets.  
(b) All derivative liabilities are recorded as accrued expenses in the Consolidated Balance Sheets.  Table of Contents  
   
The following tables show the pre-tax effect of the  Company’ s derivative instruments designated as cash flow an d net investment hedges in the 
Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years  ended September 25, 2010 and September 26, 2009 (i n millions):  
   
   
   
Accounts Receivable  
Trade Receivables  
The Company distributes its products through third- party cellular network carriers, wholesalers, retai lers and value- added resellers and directly 
to certain education, consumer and enterprise custo mers. The Company generally does not require collat eral from its customers; however, the 
Company will require collateral in certain instance s to limit credit risk. In addition, when possible,  the Company attempts to limit credit risk on 
trade receivables with credit insurance for certain  customers in Latin America, Europe, Asia, and Aust ralia, or by requiring third- party financing, 
loans or leases to support credit exposure. These c redit-financing arrangements are directly between t he third-party financing company and the 
end customer. As such, the Company generally does n ot assume any recourse or credit risk sharing relat ed to any of these arrangements. 
However, considerable trade receivables not covered  by collateral, third- party financing arrangements, or credit insurance a re outstanding with 
the Company’s third-party cellular network carriers , wholesalers, retailers and value- added resellers. Trade receivables from two of the 
Company’s customers accounted for 15% and 12% of tr ade receivables as of September 25, 2010 and one of  the Company’ s customers 
accounted for 16% of trade receivables as of Septem ber 26, 2009. The Company’ s cellular network carriers accounted for 64% and 5 1% of trade 
receivables as of September 25, 2010 and as of Sept ember 26, 2009, respectively. The additions and wri te-offs to the Company’ s allowance for 
doubtful accounts during 2010, 2009 and 2008 were n ot significant.  
Vendor Non-Trade Receivables  
The Company has non- trade receivables from certain of its manufacturing  vendors resulting from the sale of components to t hese manufacturing 
vendors who manufacture sub- assemblies or assemble final products for the Compa ny. The Company purchases these components directly  from 
suppliers. Vendor non-trade receivables from two of  the Company’s vendors accounted for 57% and 24%, r espectively, of non- trade receivables 
as of September 25, 2010 and two of the Company’s v endors accounted for 40% and 36%, respectively, of non-trade receivables as of 
September 26, 2009. The Company does not reflect th e sale of these components in net sales and does no t recognize any profits on these sales 
until the related products are sold by the Company,  at which time any profit is recognized as a reduct ion of cost of sales.  
   
63      Gains/(Losses)  
Recognized  
in OCI - Effective Portion (c)     Gains/(Losses)  
Reclassified  from AOCI into  
Income - Effective Portion (c)     Gains/(Losses) Recognized – Ineffective  
Portion and Amount Excluded from  
Effectiveness Testing    
    September 25, 
 
2010     September 26, 
 
2009     September 25, 
 
2010 (a)     September 26, 
 
2009 (b)     Location    September 25, 
 
2010     September 26, 
 
2009   
Cash flow hedges:                
Foreign exchange 
contracts    $ (267 )    $ 338      $ 115      $ 370      Other income 
and expense   $ (175 )    $ (97 )  
Net investment hedges:                
Foreign exchange 
contracts      (41 )      (44 )      0        0      Other income 
and expense     1        3    
                                                  
Total    $ (308 )    $ 294      $ 115      $ 370        $ (174 )    $ (94 )  
        
        
        
        
          
          
(a) Includes gains/(losses) reclassified from AOCI into  net income for the effective portion of cash flow hedges, of which $158 million and 
($43) million were recognized within net sales and cost of sales, respectively, within the Statement o f Operations for the year ended 
September 25, 2010. There were no amounts reclassif ied from AOCI into net income for the effective por tion of net investment hedges for 
the year ended September 25, 2010.  
(b) Includes gains/(losses) reclassified from AOCI into  net income for the effective portion of cash flow hedges, of which $302 million and 
$68 million were recognized within net sales and co st of sales, respectively, within the Statement of Operations for the year ended 
September 26, 2009. There were no amounts reclassif ied from AOCI into net income for the effective por tion of net investment hedges for 
the year ended September 26, 2009.  
(c) Refer to Note 7, “Shareholders ’ Equity and Stock -Based Compensation ” of this Form 10 -K, which summarizes the activity in accumulated 
other comprehensive income related to derivatives.  Table of Contents  
   
Note 3 – Fair Value Measurements  
The Company defines fair value as the price that wo uld be received from selling an asset or paid to tr ansfer a liability in an orderly transaction 
between market participants at the measurement date . When determining the fair value measurements for assets and liabilities, which are 
required to be recorded at fair value, the Company considers the principal or most advantageous market  in which the Company would transact 
and the market- based risk measurements or assumptions that market participants would use in pricing the asset or liab ility, such as inherent risk, 
transfer restrictions and credit risk.  
The Company applies the following fair value hierar chy, which prioritizes the inputs used to measure f air value into three levels and bases the 
categorization within the hierarchy upon the lowest  level of input that is available and significant t o the fair value measurement:  
Level 1 – Quoted prices in active markets for identical ass ets or liabilities.  
Level 2 – Observable inputs other than quoted prices in activ e markets for identical assets and liabilities, quo ted prices for identical or similar 
assets or liabilities in inactive markets, or other  inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable market data for substantially the 
full term of the assets or liabilities.  
Level 3 – Inputs that are generally unobservable and typica lly reflect management’ s estimates of assumptions that market participants  would use 
in pricing the asset or liability.  
The Company’ s valuation techniques used to measure the fair val ue of money market funds and certain marketable equ ity securities were 
derived from quoted prices in active markets for id entical assets or liabilities. The valuation techni ques used to measure the fair value of all other 
financial instruments, all of which have counterpar ties with high credit ratings, were valued based on  quoted market prices or model driven 
valuations using significant inputs derived from or  corroborated by observable market data.  
Assets/Liabilities Measured at Fair Value on a Recu rring Basis  
The following table presents the Company’ s assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis as of September 25, 2010 and 
September 26, 2009 (in millions):  
   
   
64       September 25, 2010   
     Quoted Prices 
 
in Active  
Markets for  
Identical  
Instruments  
(Level 1)      Significant 
Other  
Observable 
 
Inputs  
(Level 2)      Significant  
Unobservable 
 
Inputs  
(Level 3)      Total (a)   
Assets:              
Money market funds     $ 2,753       $ 0       $ 0       $ 2,753    
U.S. Treasury securities       0         9,914         0         9,914    
U.S. agency securities       0         8,727         0         8,727    
Non -U.S. government securities       0         2,661         0         2,661    
Certificates of deposit and time deposits       0         2,739         0         2,739    
Commercial paper       0         3,168         0         3,168    
Corporate securities       0         17,442         0         17,442    
Municipal securities       0         1,917         0         1,917    
Marketable equity securities       132         0         0         132    
Foreign exchange contracts       0         107                  0         107    
                                    
Total assets measured at fair value     $   2,885       $ 46,675       $ 0       $ 49,560    
         
         
         
         
Liabilities:              
Foreign exchange contracts     $ 0       $ 606       $ 0       $ 606    
         
         
         
         Table of Contents  
   
The following table summarizes the Company’s assets  and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurr ing basis as presented in the Company’ s 
Consolidated Balance Sheet as of September 25, 2010  and September 26, 2009 (in millions):  
   
   
65       September 26, 2009   
     Quoted Prices 
 
in Active  
Markets for  
Identical  
Instruments  
(Level 1)      Significant 
Other  
Observable 
 
Inputs  
(Level 2)      Significant  
Unobservable 
 
Inputs  
(Level 3)      Total (a)   
Assets:              
Money market funds     $ 1,608       $ 0       $ 0       $ 1,608    
U.S. Treasury securities       0         3,616         0         3,616    
U.S. agency securities       0         11,107         0         11,107    
Non -U.S. government securities       0         321         0         321    
Certificates of deposit and time deposits       0         1,714         0         1,714    
Commercial paper       0         4,197         0         4,197    
Corporate securities       0         9,786         0         9,786    
Municipal securities       0         504         0         504    
Marketable equity securities       61         0         0         61    
Foreign exchange contracts       0         37                  0         37    
                                    
Total assets measured at fair value     $   1,669       $ 31,282       $ 0       $ 32,951    
         
         
         
         
Liabilities:              
Foreign exchange contracts     $ 0       $ 25       $ 0       $ 25    
         
         
         
           
(a) The total fair value amounts for assets and liabili ties also represent the related carrying amounts.  
     September 25, 2010   
     Quoted Prices 
 
in Active  
Markets for  
Identical  
Instruments  
(Level 1)      Significant 
Other  
Observable 
 
Inputs  
(Level 2)      Significant  
Unobservable 
 
Inputs  
(Level 3)      Total (a)   
Assets:              
Cash equivalents     $ 2,753       $ 6,818       $ 0       $ 9,571    
Short -term marketable securities       0         14,359         0         14,359    
Long -term marketable securities       0         25,391         0         25,391    
Other current assets       0         107         0         107    
Other assets       132         0                  0         132    
                                    
Total assets measured at fair value     $   2,885       $ 46,675       $ 0       $ 49,560    
         
         
         
         
Liabilities:              
Other current liabilities     $ 0       $ 606       $ 0       $ 606    
         
         
         
         Table of Contents  
   
Note 4 – Consolidated Financial Statement Details  
The following tables show the Company’ s consolidated financial statement details as of Se ptember 25, 2010 and September 26, 2009 (in 
millions):  
Property, Plant and Equipment  
   
Accrued Expenses  
   
Non-Current Liabilities  
   
   
66       September 26, 2009   
     Quoted Prices 
 
in Active  
Markets for  
Identical  
Instruments  
(Level 1)      Significant 
Other  
Observable 
 
Inputs  
(Level 2)      Significant  
Unobservable 
 
Inputs  
(Level 3)      Total (a)   
Assets:              
Cash equivalents     $ 1,608       $ 2,516       $ 0       $ 4,124    
Short -term marketable securities       0         18,201         0         18,201    
Long -term marketable securities       0         10,528         0         10,528    
Other current assets       0         37         0         37    
Other assets       61         0                  0         61    
                                    
Total assets measured at fair value     $   1,669       $ 31,282       $ 0       $ 32,951    
         
         
         
         
Liabilities:              
Other current liabilities     $ 0       $ 25       $ 0       $ 25    
         
         
         
           
(a) The total fair value amounts for assets and liabili ties also represent the related carrying amounts.  
     2010     2009   
Land and buildings     $ 1,471      $ 955    
Machinery, equipment and internal -use software       3,589        1,932    
Office furniture and equipment       144        115    
Leasehold improvements       2,030        1,665    
                 
Gross property, plant and equipment       7,234        4,667    
Accumulated depreciation and amortization       (2,466 )      (1,713 )  
         
        
Net property, plant and equipment     $ 4,768      $ 2,954    
         
        
     2010      2009   
Accrued warranty and related costs     $ 761       $ 577    
Deferred margin on component sales       663         225    
Accrued compensation and employee benefits       436         357    
Accrued marketing and distribution       396         359    
Income taxes payable       210         430    
Other current liabilities       3,257         1,904    
                  
Total accrued expenses     $  5,723       $  3,852    
         
         
     2010      2009   
Deferred tax liabilities     $ 4,300       $ 2,216    
Other non -current liabilities       1,231         1,286    
                  
Total other non -current liabilities     $  5,531       $  3,502    
         
         Table of Contents  
   
Note 5 – Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets  
The Company is currently amortizing its acquired in tangible assets with definite lives over periods ra nging from three to ten years. The 
following table summarizes the components of gross and net intangible asset balances as of September 2 5, 2010 and September 26, 2009 (in 
millions):  
   
During 2010, the Company completed various business  acquisitions for an aggregate cash consideration, net of cash acquired, of $638 million, 
of which $535 million was allocated to goodwill and  $107 million to acquired intangible assets.  
The Company’ s gross carrying amount of goodwill was $741 millio n and $206 million as of September 25, 2010 and Sep tember 26, 2009, 
respectively. The Company did not have any goodwill  impairment during 2010, 2009 or 2008. The Company’ s goodwill is allocated primarily to 
the America’ s reportable operating segment. Amortization expens e related to acquired intangible assets was $69 mil lion, $53 million and $46 
million in 2010, 2009 and 2008, respectively. As of  September 25, 2010 and September 26, 2009, the wei ghted-average amortization period for 
acquired intangible assets was 5.5 years and 7.2 ye ars, respectively.  
Expected annual amortization expense related to acq uired intangible assets as of September 25, 2010, i s as follows (in millions):  
   
   
67       2010      2009   
     Gross  
Carrying 
 
Amount      Accumulated 
 
Amortization     Net  
Carrying 
 
Amount      Gross  
Carrying 
 
Amount      Accumulated 
 
Amortization     Net  
Carrying 
 
Amount   
Definite lived and amortizable acquired intangible 
assets     $ 487       $ (245 )    $ 242       $ 323       $ (176 )    $ 147    
Indefinite lived and unamortizable trademarks       100         0        100         100         0        100    
                                                    
Total acquired intangible assets     $ 587       $ (245 )    $ 342       $ 423       $ (176 )    $ 247    
         
         
        
         
         
        
Years        
2011     $ 83    
2012       74    
2013       39    
2014       18    
2015       17    
Thereafter       11    
         
Total     $ 242    
         Table of Contents  
   
Note 6 – Income Taxes  
The provision for income taxes for the three years ended September 25, 2010, consisted of the followin g (in millions):  
   
The foreign provision for income taxes is based on foreign pretax earnings of $13.0 billion, $6.6 bill ion and $4.6 billion in 2010, 2009 and 2008, 
respectively. The Company’ s consolidated financial statements provide for any  related tax liability on amounts that may be repat riated, aside 
from undistributed earnings of certain of the Compa ny’s foreign subsidiaries that are intended to be inde finitely reinvested in operations outside 
the U.S. As of September 25, 2010, U.S. income taxe s have not been provided on a cumulative total of $ 12.3 billion of such earnings. The 
amount of unrecognized deferred tax liability relat ed to these temporary differences is estimated to b e approximately $4.0 billion.  
As of September 25, 2010 and September 26, 2009, $3 0.8 billion and $17.4 billion, respectively, of the  Company’ s cash, cash equivalents and 
marketable securities were held by foreign subsidia ries and are generally based in U.S. dollar- denominated holdings. Amounts held by foreign 
subsidiaries are generally subject to U.S. income t axation on repatriation to the U.S.  
Deferred tax assets and liabilities reflect the eff ects of tax losses, credits, and the future income tax effects of temporary differences between the 
consolidated financial statement carrying amounts o f existing assets and liabilities and their respect ive tax bases and are measured using enacted 
tax rates that apply to taxable income in the years  in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled.  
   
68       2010     2009     2008   
Federal:         
Current     $ 2,150      $ 1,922      $ 1,796    
Deferred       1,676        1,077        498    
                         
     3,826        2,999        2,294    
                         
State:         
Current       655        524        359    
Deferred       (115 )      (2 )      (25 )  
                         
     540        522        334    
                         
Foreign:         
Current       282        345        275    
Deferred       (121 )      (35 )      (75 )  
         
        
        
     161        310        200    
         
        
        
Provision for income taxes     $ 4,527      $ 3,831      $ 2,828    
         
        
        Table of Contents  
   
As of September 25, 2010 and September 26, 2009, th e significant components of the Company’ s deferred tax assets and liabilities were (in 
millions):  
   
A reconciliation of the provision for income taxes,  with the amount computed by applying the statutory  federal income tax rate (35% in 2010, 
2009 and 2008) to income before provision for incom e taxes for the three years ended September 25, 201 0, is as follows (in millions):  
   
The Company’ s income taxes payable have been reduced by the tax  benefits from employee stock plan awards. For stoc k options, the Company 
receives an income tax benefit calculated as the di fference between the fair market value of the stock  issued at the time of the exercise and the 
option price, tax effected. For RSUs, the Company r eceives an income tax benefit upon the award’ s vesting equal to the tax effect of the 
underlying stock’ s fair market value. The Company had net excess tax  benefits from employee stock plan awards of $742 m illion, $246 million 
and $770 million in 2010, 2009 and 2008, respective ly, which were reflected as increases to common sto ck.  
Uncertain Tax Positions  
Tax positions are evaluated in a two- step process. The Company first determines whether it is more likely than not that a tax position will  be 
sustained upon examination. If a tax position meets  the more-likely-than- not recognition threshold it is then measured to de termine the amount 
of benefit to recognize in the financial statements . The tax position is measured as the largest amoun t of benefit that is greater than 50% likely of 
being realized upon ultimate settlement. The Compan y classifies gross interest and penalties and unrec ognized tax benefits that are not expected 
to result in payment or receipt of cash within one year as non-current liabilities in the Consolidated  Balance Sheets.  
As of September 25, 2010, the total amount of gross  unrecognized tax benefits was $943 million, of whi ch $404 million, if recognized, would 
affect the Company’ s effective tax rate. As of September 26, 2009, the  total amount of gross unrecognized tax benefits wa s $971 million, of 
which $307 million, if recognized, would affect the  Company’s effective tax rate.  
   
69       2010     2009   
Deferred tax assets:       
Accrued liabilities and other reserves     $ 1,300      $ 1,030    
Basis of capital assets and investments       179        180    
Accounts receivable and inventory reserves       68        172    
Stock -based compensation       308        87    
Other       558        383    
                 
Total deferred tax assets       2,413        1,852    
Less valuation allowance       0        0    
                 
Deferred tax assets, net of valuation allowance       2,413        1,852    
                 
Deferred tax liabilities - Unremitted earnings of foreign subsidiaries       4,979        2,774    
                 
Net deferred tax liabilities     $ (2,566 )    $ (922 )  
         
        
     2010     2009     2008   
Computed expected tax     $ 6,489      $ 4,223      $ 3,131    
State taxes, net of federal effect       351        339        217    
Indefinitely invested earnings of foreign subsidiar ies       (2,125 )      (647 )      (500 )  
Research and development credit, net       (23 )      (84 )      (21 )  
Other       (165 )      0        1    
                         
Provision for income taxes     $ 4,527      $ 3,831      $ 2,828    
         
        
        
Effective tax rate       24%        32%        32%    Table of Contents  
   
The aggregate changes in the balance of gross unrec ognized tax benefits, which excludes interest and p enalties, for the three years ended 
September 25, 2010, is as follows (in millions):  
   
The Company includes interest and penalties related  to unrecognized tax benefits within the provision for income taxes. As of September 25, 
2010 and September 26, 2009, the total amount of gr oss interest and penalties accrued was $247 million  and $291 million, respectively, which is 
classified as non- current liabilities in the Consolidated Balance She ets. In 2010 and 2009, the Company recognized an in terest benefit of $43 
million and interest expense of $64 million, respec tively, in connection with tax matters.  
The Company is subject to taxation and files income  tax returns in the U.S. federal jurisdiction and i n many state and foreign jurisdictions. For 
U.S. federal income tax purposes, all years prior t o 2004 are closed. The Internal Revenue Service (th e “IRS”) has completed its field audit of 
the Company’ s federal income tax returns for the years 2004 thr ough 2006 and proposed certain adjustments. The Com pany has contested 
certain of these adjustments through the IRS Appeal s Office. The IRS is currently examining the years 2007 through 2009. During the third 
quarter of 2010, the Company reached a tax settleme nt with the IRS for the years 2002 through 2003. In  connection with the settlement, the 
Company reduced its gross unrecognized tax benefits  by $100 million and recognized a $52 million tax b enefit in the third quarter of 2010. In 
addition, the Company is also subject to audits by state, local and foreign tax authorities. In major states and major foreign jurisdictions, the 
years subsequent to 1988 and 2001, respectively, ge nerally remain open and could be subject to examina tion by the taxing authorities.  
Management believes that an adequate provision has been made for any adjustments that may result from tax examinations. However, the 
outcome of tax audits cannot be predicted with cert ainty. If any issues addressed in the Company’ s tax audits are resolved in a manner not 
consistent with management’ s expectations, the Company could be required to ad just its provision for income tax in the period suc h resolution 
occurs. Although timing of the resolution and/or cl osure of audits is not certain, the Company does no t believe it is reasonably possible that its 
unrecognized tax benefits would materially change i n the next 12 months.  
Note 7 – Shareholders’ Equity and Stock-Based Compe nsation  
Preferred Stock  
The Company has five million shares of authorized p referred stock, none of which is issued or outstand ing. Under the terms of the Company’ s 
Restated Articles of Incorporation, the Board of Di rectors is authorized to determine or alter the rig hts, preferences, privileges and restrictions of 
the Company’s authorized but unissued shares of pre ferred stock.  
Comprehensive Income  
Comprehensive income consists of two components, ne t income and other comprehensive income. Other comp rehensive income refers to 
revenue, expenses, gains and losses that under GAAP  are recorded as an element of shareholders’ equity but are excluded from net income. The 
Company’s other comprehensive income consists  
   
70       2010     2009     2008   
Beginning Balance     $ 971        506      $ 475    
Increases related to tax positions taken during a p rior year       61        341        27    
Decreases related to tax positions taken during a p rior year       (224 )      (24 )      (70 )  
Increases related to tax positions taken during the  current year       240        151        85    
Decreases related to settlements with taxing author ities       (102 )      0        0    
Decreases related to expiration of statute of limit ations       (3 )      (3 )      (11 )  
                         
Ending Balance     $ 943      $  971      $  506    
         
        
        Table of Contents  
of foreign currency translation adjustments from th ose subsidiaries not using the U.S. dollar as their  functional currency, unrealized gains and 
losses on marketable securities categorized as avai lable-for- sale, and net deferred gains and losses on certain derivative instruments accounted 
for as cash flow hedges.  
The following table summarizes the components of AO CI, net of taxes, as of the three years ended Septe mber 25, 2010 (in millions):  
   
The change in fair value of available-for- sale securities included in other comprehensive inc ome was $123 million, $118 million and $(63) 
million, net of taxes in 2010, 2009 and 2008, respe ctively. The tax effect related to the change in un realized gains/losses on available-for- sale 
securities was $(72) million, $(78) million and $42  million for 2010, 2009 and 2008, respectively.  
The following table summarizes activity in other co mprehensive income related to derivatives, net of t axes, held by the Company during the 
three years ended September 25, 2010 (in millions):   
   
The tax effect related to the changes in fair value  of derivatives was $97 million, $(135) million and  $(5) million for 2010, 2009 and 2008, 
respectively. The tax effect related to derivative gains/losses reclassified from other comprehensive income to net income was $43 million, $149 
million and $(9) million for 2010, 2009 and 2008, r espectively.  
Employee Benefit Plans  
2003 Employee Stock Plan  
The 2003 Employee Stock Plan (the “2003 Plan”) is a  shareholder approved plan that provides for broad- based equity grants to employees, 
including executive officers. The 2003 Plan permits  the granting of incentive stock options, nonstatut ory stock options, RSUs, stock appreciation 
rights, stock purchase rights and performance- based awards. Options granted under the 2003 Plan g enerally expire seven to ten years after the 
grant date and generally become exercisable over a period of four years, based on continued employment , with either annual, semi- annual or 
quarterly vesting. In general, RSUs granted under t he 2003 Plan vest over two to four years, are subje ct to the employees’ continued employment 
and are paid upon vesting in shares of the Company’ s common stock on a one-for-one basis. At the Compa ny’s 2010 annual meeting of 
shareholders, the 2003 Plan was amended to (i) incr ease the number of shares of the Company’ s common stock that may be delivered pursuant 
to awards granted under the 2003 Plan by an additio nal 36,000,000 shares and (ii) extend the Company’ s authority to grant awards under the 
2003 Plan intended to qualify as “performance-based  awards” within the meaning of Section 162(m) of the U.S. In ternal Revenue Code through 
the 2015 annual meeting of shareholders. As of Sept ember 25, 2010, approximately 62.5 million shares w ere reserved for future issuance under 
the 2003 Plan.  
   
71       2010     2009      2008   
Net unrealized gains/losses on marketable securitie s     $ 171      $    48       $ (70 )  
Net unrecognized gains/losses on derivative instrum ents       (252 )      1            19    
Cumulative foreign currency translation       35        28         42    
                          
Accumulated other comprehensive income/(loss)     $ (46 )    $ 77       $ (9 )  
         
        
         
     2010     2009     2008   
Changes in fair value of derivatives     $ (180 )    $ 204      $ 7    
Adjustment for net gains/losses realized and includ ed in net income       (73 )      (222 )         12    
                         
Change in unrecognized gains/losses on derivative i nstruments     $ (253 )    $ (18 )    $ 19    
         
        
        Table of Contents  
   
1997 Employee Stock Option Plan  
In August 1997, the Company’s Board of Directors ap proved the 1997 Employee Stock Option Plan (the “19 97 Plan”), a non- shareholder 
approved plan for grants of stock options to employ ees who are not officers of the Company. Options gr anted under the 1997 Plan generally 
expire seven to ten years after the grant date. All  stock options granted under the 1997 Plan are full y vested. In October 2003, the Company 
terminated the 1997 Plan, and no new options can be  granted from this plan.  
1997 Director Stock Plan  
In August 1997, the Company’s Board of Directors (t he “Board”) adopted a Director Stock Option Plan, which was sub sequently renamed the 
1997 Director Stock Plan (the “Director Plan”) and has been approved by shareholders. As amended, the Director Plan (i) permits the Company 
to grant awards of RSUs or stock options to the Com pany’s non- employee directors, (ii) beginning February 25, 201 0, provides for automatic 
initial grants of RSUs upon a non- employee director joining the Board and automatic a nnual grants of RSUs at each annual meeting of 
shareholders, and (iii) permits the Board to prospe ctively change the relative mixture of stock option s and RSUs for the initial and annual award 
grants and the methodology for determining the numb er of shares of the Company’ s common stock subject to these grants without shar eholder 
approval. Each share issued with respect to RSUs gr anted under the plan reduces the number of shares a vailable for grant under the plan by two 
shares. The Director Plan expires November 9, 2019.  As of September 25, 2010, approximately 199,000 sh ares were reserved for future issuance 
under the Director Plan.  
Rule 10b5 -1 Trading Plans  
During the fourth quarter of 2010, executive office rs Timothy D. Cook, Peter Oppenheimer, D. Bruce Sew ell, Philip W. Schiller and Bertrand 
Serlet had trading plans pursuant to Rule 10b5-1(c) (1) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amen ded (the “Exchange Act”). A trading plan 
is a written document that pre- establishes the amounts, prices and dates (or formu la for determining the amounts, prices and dates) o f future 
purchases or sales of the Company’ s stock including the exercise and sale of employee  stock options and shares acquired pursuant to the 
Company’s employee stock purchase plan and upon ves ting of RSUs.  
Employee Stock Purchase Plan  
The Company has a shareholder approved employee sto ck purchase plan (the “Purchase Plan”), under which substantially all employees may 
purchase the Company’ s common stock through payroll deductions at a pric e equal to 85% of the lower of the fair market valu es of the stock as 
of the beginning and end of six-month offering peri ods. An employee’ s payroll deductions under the Purchase Plan are li mited to 10% of the 
employee’s compensation and employee’ s may not purchase more than $25,000 of stock for a ny calendar year. Additionally, no more than 
1,000,000 shares may be purchased in the aggregate in any one offering period. As of September 25, 201 0, approximately 3.8 million shares 
were reserved for future issuance under the Purchas e Plan.  
Employee Savings Plan  
The Company has an employee savings plan (the “Savi ngs Plan”) qualifying as a deferred salary arrangement under S ection 401(k) of the 
Internal Revenue Code. Under the Savings Plan, part icipating U.S. employees may defer a portion of the ir pre-tax earnings, up to the IRS annual 
contribution limit ($16,500 for calendar year 2010) . The Company matches 50% to 100% of each employee’ s contributions, depending on length 
of service, up to a maximum 6% of the employee’s el igible earnings. The Company’ s matching contributions to the Savings Plan were $ 72 
million, $59 million and $50 million in 2010, 2009 and 2008, respectively.  
   
72  Table of Contents  
   
Restricted Stock Units  
A summary of the Company’ s RSU activity and related information for the thre e years ended September 25, 2010, is as follows (in  thousands, 
except per share amounts):  
   
The fair value as of the vesting date of RSUs was $ 1 billion, $221 million and $320 million for 2010, 2009 and 2008, respectively. Upon vesting, 
the RSUs are generally net share- settled to cover the required withholding tax and t he remaining amount is converted into an equivalent  number 
of shares of common stock. The majority of RSUs tha t vested in 2010, 2009 and 2008, were net- share settled such that the Company withheld 
shares with value equivalent to the employees’ minimum statutory obligation for the applicable inc ome and other employment taxes, and 
remitted the cash to the appropriate taxing authori ties. The total shares withheld were approximately 1.8 million, 707,000 and 857,000 for 2010, 
2009 and 2008, respectively, and were based on the value of the RSUs on their vesting date as determin ed by the Company’ s closing stock price. 
Total payments for the employees’ tax obligations to the taxing authorities were $406  million, $82 million and $124 million in 2010, 200 9 and 
2008, respectively, and are reflected as a financin g activity within the Consolidated Statements of Ca sh Flows. These net- share settlements had 
the effect of share repurchases by the Company as t hey reduced and retired the number of shares that w ould have otherwise been issued as a 
result of the vesting and did not represent an expe nse to the Company.  
   
73       Number of 
 
Shares     Weighted -
 
Average  
Grant  
Date  Fair 
 
Value      Aggregate  
Intrinsic Value   
Balance at September 29, 2007       4,675      $ 52.98       
Restricted stock units granted       4,917      $ 162.61       
Restricted stock units vested       (2,195 )    $ 25.63       
Restricted stock units cancelled       (357 )    $ 119.12       
              
Balance at September 27, 2008       7,040      $ 134.91       
Restricted stock units granted       7,786      $ 111.80       
Restricted stock units vested       (1,935 )    $ 124.87       
Restricted stock units cancelled       (628 )    $ 121.28       
              
Balance at September 26, 2009       12,263      $ 122.52       
Restricted stock units granted       6,178      $ 214.37       
Restricted stock units vested       (4,685 )    $ 119.85       
Restricted stock units cancelled       (722 )    $ 147.56       
              
Balance at September 25, 2010       13,034      $ 165.63       $ 3,810,287    
         
     Table of Contents  
   
Stock Option Activity  
A summary of the Company’ s stock option and RSU activity and related informa tion for the three years ended September 25, 2010, is as follows 
(in thousands, except per share amounts and contrac tual term in years):  
   
Aggregate intrinsic value represents the value of t he Company’ s closing stock price on the last trading day of th e fiscal period in excess of the 
weighted- average exercise price multiplied by the number of options outstanding or exercisable. The aggregate i ntrinsic value excludes the effect 
of stock options that have a zero or negative intri nsic value. Total intrinsic value of options at tim e of exercise was $2.0 billion, $827 million and 
$2.0 billion for 2010, 2009 and 2008, respectively.   
RSUs granted are deducted from the shares available  for grant under the Company’ s stock option plans utilizing a factor of two time s the number 
of RSUs granted. Similarly, RSUs cancelled are adde d back to the shares available for grant under the Company’ s stock option plans utilizing a 
factor of two times the number of RSUs cancelled. O utstanding RSU balances are not included in the out standing options balances in the stock 
option activity table.  
   
74             Outstanding Options   
     Shares  
Available 
for Grant     Number  
of Shares     Weighted -
 
Average  
Exercise  
Price      Weighted-  
Average  
Remaining 
Contractual 
 
Term      Aggregate  
Intrinsic  
Value   
Balance at September 29, 2007       67,827        49,751      $ 43.91          
Restricted stock units granted       (9,834 )      0      $ 0          
Options granted       (9,359 )      9,359      $ 171.36          
Options cancelled       1,236        (1,236 )    $ 98.40          
Restricted stock units cancelled       714        0      $ 0          
Options exercised       0        (13,728 )    $ 27.88          
Plan shares expired       (12 )      0      $ 0          
                         
Balance at September 27, 2008       50,572        44,146      $ 74.39          
Restricted stock units granted       (15,572 )      0      $ 0          
Options granted       (234 )      234      $ 106.84          
Options cancelled       1,241        (1,241 )    $ 122.98          
Restricted stock units cancelled       1,256        0      $ 0          
Options exercised       0        (8,764 )    $ 41.78          
Plan shares expired       (2 )      0      $ 0          
                         
Balance at September 26, 2009       37,261        34,375      $ 81.17          
Additional shares authorized       36,000        0      $ 0          
Restricted stock units granted       (12,356 )      0      $ 0          
Options granted       (34 )      34      $ 202.00          
Options assumed       0        98      $ 11.99          
Options cancelled       430        (430 )    $ 136.27          
Restricted stock units cancelled       1,444        0      $ 0          
Options exercised       0        (12,352 )    $ 62.69          
Plan shares expired       (8 )      0      $ 0          
                         
Balance at September 25, 2010       62,737        21,725      $ 90.46         2.85       $ 4,385,291    
         
        
        
Exercisable at September 25, 2010         17,791      $ 77.74         2.57       $ 3,817,663    
Expected to vest after September 25, 2010         3,880      $ 148.03         4.12       $ 559,882    Table of Contents  
   
Stock-Based Compensation  
Stock-based compensation cost for RSUs is measured based on the closing fair market value of the Compa ny’s common stock on the date of 
grant. Stock-based compensation cost for stock opti ons and employee stock purchase plan rights (“stock  purchase rights”) is estimated at the 
grant date and offering date, respectively, based o n the fair-value as calculated by the BSM option-pr icing model. The BSM option- pricing 
model incorporates various assumptions including ex pected volatility, expected life and interest rates . The expected volatility is based on the 
historical volatility of the Company’ s common stock over the most recent period commensu rate with the estimated expected life of the 
Company’s stock options and other relevant factors including implied volatility in market traded optio ns on the Company’ s common stock. The 
Company bases its expected life assumption on its h istorical experience and on the terms and condition s of the stock awards it grants to 
employees. The Company recognizes stock-based compe nsation cost as expense ratably on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period.  
The weighted- average assumptions used for stock options granted do not apply to employee stock options assumed in c onjunction with business 
acquisitions during the year ended September 25, 20 10. The weighted- average fair value of stock options assumed during the year ended 
September 25, 2010 was $216.82. There were no stock  options assumed during 2009 and 2008. The weighted -average assumptions used for the 
three years ended September 25, 2010, and the resul ting estimates of weighted- average fair value per share of options granted and  of stock 
purchase rights during those periods are as follows :  
   
The following table provides a summary of the stock -based compensation expense included in the Consolid ated Statements of Operations for the 
three years ended September 25, 2010 (in millions):   
   
Stock-based compensation expense capitalized as software development costs was not significant as of Septemb er 25, 2010 or September 26, 
2009. The income tax benefit related to stock- based compensation expense was $314 million, $266 m illion and $169 million for 2010, 2009 and 
2008, respectively. The total unrecognized compensa tion cost related to stock options and RSUs expecte d to vest was $1.9 billion as of 
September 25, 2010, which is expected to be recogni zed over a weighted-average period of 2.73 years.  
Note 8 – Commitments and Contingencies  
Lease Commitments  
The Company leases various equipment and facilities , including retail space, under noncancelable opera ting lease arrangements. The Company 
does not currently utilize any other off-balance sh eet financing arrangements. The  
   
75      2010     2009     2008   
Expected life of stock options      10 years        4.54 years        3.41 years    
Expected life of stock purchase rights      6 months        6 months        6 months    
Interest rate - stock options      3.71%        2.04%        3.40%    
Interest rate - stock purchase rights      0.25%        0.58%        3.48%    
Volatility - stock options      36.30%        50.98%        45.64%    
Volatility - stock purchase rights      33.28%        52.16%        38.51%    
Dividend yields      0        0        0    
Weighted -average fair value of stock options granted during the year    $ 108.58      $ 46.71      $ 62.73    
Weighted -average fair value of stock purchase plan rights du ring the year    $ 45.03      $ 30.62      $ 42.27    
     2010      2009      2008   
Cost of sales     $ 151       $ 114       $ 80    
Research and development       323         258         185    
Selling, general and administrative       405         338         251    
                           
Total stock -based compensation expense     $         879       $         710       $         516    
         
         
         Table of Contents  
major facility leases are typically for terms not e xceeding 10 years and generally provide renewal opt ions for terms not exceeding five additional 
years. Leases for retail space are for terms rangin g from five to 20 years, the majority of which are for ten years, and often contain multi -year 
renewal options. As of September 25, 2010, the Comp any’s total future minimum lease payments under noncanc elable operating leases were 
$2.1 billion, of which $1.7 billion related to leas es for retail space.  
Rent expense under all operating leases, including both cancelable and noncancelable leases, was $271 million, $231 million and $207 million in 
2010, 2009 and 2008, respectively. Future minimum l ease payments under noncancelable operating leases having remaining terms in excess of 
one year as of September 25, 2010, are as follows ( in millions):  
   
Accrued Warranty and Indemnifications  
The Company offers a basic limited parts and labor warranty on its hardware products. The basic warran ty period for hardware products is 
typically one year from the date of purchase by the  end-user. The Company also offers a 90- day basic warranty for its service parts used to re pair 
the Company’ s hardware products. The Company provides currently  for the estimated cost that may be incurred under its basic limited product 
warranties at the time related revenue is recognize d. Factors considered in determining appropriate ac cruals for product warranty obligations 
include the size of the installed base of products subject to warranty protection, historical and proj ected warranty claim rates, historical and 
projected cost-per-claim, and knowledge of specific  product failures that are outside of the Company’ s typical experience. The Company 
assesses the adequacy of its pre- existing warranty liabilities and adjusts the amoun ts as necessary based on actual experience and chan ges in 
future estimates.  
The Company periodically provides updates to its ap plications and system software to maintain the soft ware’s compliance with published 
specifications. The estimated cost to develop such updates is accounted for as warranty costs that are  recognized at the time related software 
revenue is recognized. Factors considered in determ ining appropriate accruals related to such updates include the number of units delivered, the 
number of updates expected to occur, and the histor ical cost and estimated future cost of the resource s necessary to develop these updates.  
The following table reconciles changes in the Compa ny’s accrued warranty and related costs for the three years ended September 25, 2010 (in 
millions):  
   
The Company generally does not indemnify end- users of its operating system and application softw are against legal claims that the software 
infringes third-party intellectual property rights.  Other agreements entered into by  
   
76  Years        
2011     $ 266    
2012       267    
2013       260    
2014       244    
2015       226    
Thereafter       826    
         
Total minimum lease payments     $ 2,089    
         
     2010     2009     2008   
Beginning accrued warranty and related costs     $ 577      $    671      $ 363    
Cost of warranty claims       (713 )      (534 )      (493 )  
Accruals for product warranty       897        440        801    
                         
Ending accrued warranty and related costs     $ 761      $ 577      $ 671    
         
        
        Table of Contents  
the Company sometimes include indemnification provi sions under which the Company could be subject to c osts and/or damages in the event of 
an infringement claim against the Company or an ind emnified third- party. However, the Company has not been required t o make any significant 
payments resulting from such an infringement claim asserted against it or an indemnified third- party and, in the opinion of management, does 
not have a potential liability related to unresolve d infringement claims subject to indemnification th at would materially adversely affect its 
financial condition or operating results. Therefore , the Company did not record a liability for infrin gement costs as of either September 25, 2010 
or September 26, 2009.  
The Company has entered into indemnification agreem ents with its directors and executive officers. Und er these agreements, the Company has 
agreed to indemnify such individuals to the fullest  extent permitted by law against liabilities that a rise by reason of their status as directors or 
officers and to advance expenses incurred by such i ndividuals in connection with related legal proceed ings. It is not possible to determine the 
maximum potential amount of payments the Company co uld be required to make under these agreements due to the limited history of prior 
indemnification claims and the unique facts and cir cumstances involved in each claim. However, the Com pany maintains directors and officers 
liability insurance coverage to reduce its exposure  to such obligations, and payments made under these  agreements historically have not 
materially adversely affected the Company’s financi al condition or operating results.  
Concentrations in the Available Sources of Supply o f Materials and Product  
Although most components essential to the Company’ s business are generally available from multiple so urces, certain key components including 
but not limited to microprocessors, enclosures, cer tain liquid crystal displays (“LCDs”), certain opti cal drives and application- specific integrated 
circuits (“ASICs”) are currently obtained by the Company from single o r limited sources, which subjects the Company to si gnificant supply and 
pricing risks. Many of these and other key componen ts that are available from multiple sources includi ng but not limited to NAND flash 
memory, dynamic random access memory (“DRAM”) and c ertain LCDs, are subject at times to industry- wide shortages and significant 
commodity pricing fluctuations. In addition, the Co mpany has entered into certain agreements for the s upply of key components including but 
not limited to microprocessors, NAND flash memory, DRAM and LCDs at favorable pricing, but there is no  guarantee that the Company will be 
able to extend or renew these agreements on similar  favorable terms, or at all, upon expiration or oth erwise obtain favorable pricing in the future. 
Therefore, the Company remains subject to significa nt risks of supply shortages and/or price increases  that can materially adversely affect its 
financial condition and operating results.  
The Company and other participants in the personal computer, and mobile communication and media device  industries also compete for various 
components with other industries that have experien ced increased demand for their products. In additio n, the Company uses some custom 
components that are not common to the rest of these  industries, and new products introduced by the Com pany often utilize custom components 
available from only one source. When a component or  product uses new technologies, initial capacity co nstraints may exist until the suppliers’
yields have matured or manufacturing capacity has i ncreased. If the Company ’s supply of a key single- sourced component for a new or existing 
product were delayed or constrained, if such compon ents were available only at significantly higher pr ices, or if a key manufacturing vendor 
delayed shipments of completed products to the Comp any, the Company’ s financial condition and operating results could b e materially 
adversely affected. The Company’ s business and financial performance could also be adversely affected depending on the time required t o 
obtain sufficient quantities from the original sour ce, or to identify and obtain sufficient quantities  from an alternative source. Continued 
availability of these components at acceptable pric es, or at all, may be affected if those suppliers d ecided to concentrate on the production of 
common components instead of components customized to meet the Company’s requirements.  
Substantially all of the Company’ s Macs, iPhones, iPads, iPods, logic boards and oth er assembled products are now manufactured by 
outsourcing partners, primarily in various parts of  Asia. A significant concentration of this outsourc ed manufacturing is currently performed by 
only a few outsourcing partners of the Company, oft en in single locations. Certain of these outsourcin g partners are the sole- sourced supplier of 
components and manufacturing outsourcing for many o f the Company’s key products including but not limi ted to final assembly  
   
77  Table of Contents  
of substantially all of the Company’ s Macs, iPhones, iPads and iPods. Although the Comp any works closely with its outsourcing partners on 
manufacturing schedules, the Company’ s operating results could be adversely affected if its outsourcing partners were unable to meet their 
production commitments. The Company’s purchase comm itments typically cover its requirements for period s ranging from 30 to 150 days.  
Long-Term Supply Agreements  
The Company has entered into prepaid long- term supply agreements to secure the supply of cert ain inventory components, which generally 
expire between 2011 and 2015. As of September 25, 2 010, the Company had a total of $956 million of inv entory component prepayments 
outstanding, of which $157 million is classified as  other current assets and $799 million is classifie d as other assets in the Consolidated Balance 
Sheets. In August 2010, the Company entered into a long-term supply agreement under which it has committed to prepay $500 million in 2011. 
The Company had a total of $1.2 billion of inventor y component prepayments outstanding as of September  26, 2009. These prepayments will be 
applied to certain inventory component purchases ma de over the life of each respective agreement.  
Contingencies  
The Company is subject to various legal proceedings  and claims that have arisen in the ordinary course  of business and have not been fully 
adjudicated, which are discussed in Part I, Item 3 of this Form 10-K under the heading “Legal Proceedi ngs.” In the opinion of management, the 
Company does not have a potential liability related  to any current legal proceedings and claims that w ould individually or in the aggregate 
materially adversely affect its financial condition  or operating results. However, the results of lega l proceedings cannot be predicted with 
certainty. If the Company failed to prevail in any of these legal matters or if several of these legal  matters were resolved against the Company in 
the same reporting period, the operating results of  a particular reporting period could be materially adversely affected.  
On March 14, 2008, Mirror Worlds, LLC filed an action against the Company alleging that c ertain of its products infringed on three patents 
covering technology used to display files. On Octob er 1, 2010, a jury returned a verdict against the C ompany, and awarded damages of $208 
million per patent for each of the three patents as serted. The Company is challenging the verdict, bel ieves it has valid defenses and has not 
recorded a loss contingency at this time.  
Production and marketing of products in certain sta tes and countries may subject the Company to enviro nmental, product safety and other 
regulations including, in some instances, the requi rement to provide customers the ability to return p roduct at the end of its useful life, and place 
responsibility for environmentally safe disposal or  recycling with the Company. Such laws and regulati ons have been passed in several 
jurisdictions in which the Company operates, includ ing various countries within Europe and Asia and ce rtain states and provinces within North 
America. Although the Company does not anticipate a ny material adverse effects in the future based on the nature of its operations and the thrust 
of such laws, there is no assurance that such exist ing laws or future laws will not materially adverse ly affect the Company’ s financial condition 
or operating results.  
Note 9 – Segment Information and Geographic Data  
The Company reports segment information based on th e “management” approach. The management approach designates the in ternal reporting 
used by management for making decisions and assessi ng performance as the source of the Company’s repor table segments.  
The Company manages its business primarily on a geo graphic basis. Accordingly, the Company determined its operating and reporting 
segments, which are generally based on the nature a nd location of its customers, to be the Americas, E urope, Japan, Asia- Pacific and Retail 
operations. The Americas, Europe, Japan and Asia- Pacific reportable segment results do not include r esults of the Retail segment. The Americas 
segment includes both North and South America. The Europe segment includes European countries, as well  as the Middle East and  
   
78  Table of Contents  
Africa. The Asia- Pacific segment includes Australia and Asia, but do es not include Japan. The Retail segment operates A pple retail stores in 11 
countries, including the U.S. Each reportable opera ting segment provides similar hardware and software  products and similar services. The 
accounting policies of the various segments are the  same as those described in Note 1, “Summary of Sig nificant Accounting Policies.”  
The Company evaluates the performance of its operat ing segments based on net sales and operating incom e. Net sales for geographic segments 
are generally based on the location of customers, w hile Retail segment net sales are based on sales fr om the Company’ s retail stores. Operating 
income for each segment includes net sales to third  parties, related cost of sales and operating expen ses directly attributable to the segment. 
Advertising expenses are generally included in the geographic segment in which the expenditures are in curred. Operating income for each 
segment excludes other income and expense and certa in expenses managed outside the operating segments.  Costs excluded from segment 
operating income include various corporate expenses , such as manufacturing costs and variances not inc luded in standard costs, research and 
development, corporate marketing expenses, stock- based compensation expense, income taxes, various n onrecurring charges, and other 
separately managed general and administrative costs . The Company does not include intercompany transfe rs between segments for management 
reporting purposes. Segment assets exclude corporat e assets, such as cash, short-term and long- term investments, manufacturing and corporate 
facilities, miscellaneous corporate infrastructure,  goodwill and other acquired intangible assets. Exc ept for the Retail segment, capital asset 
purchases for long- lived assets are not reported to management by segm ent. Cash payments for capital asset purchases by t he Retail segment 
were $392 million, $369 million and $389 million fo r 2010, 2009 and 2008, respectively.  
The Company has certain retail stores that have bee n designed and built to serve as high- profile venues to promote brand awareness and serve  as 
vehicles for corporate sales and marketing activiti es. Because of their unique design elements, locati ons and size, these stores require 
substantially more investment than the Company’ s more typical retail stores. The Company allocates  certain operating expenses associated with 
its high-profile stores to corporate marketing expe nse to reflect the estimated Company- wide benefit. The allocation of these operating cos ts to 
corporate expense is based on the amount incurred f or a high- profile store in excess of that incurred by a more typical Company retail location. 
The Company had opened a total of 15 high- profile stores as of September 25, 2010. Amounts al located to corporate expense resulting from the 
operations of high-profile stores were $75 million,  $65 million and $53 million for 2010, 2009 and 200 8, respectively.  
   
79  Table of Contents  
   
Summary information by operating segment for the th ree years ended September 25, 2010 is as follows (i n millions):  
   
   
A reconciliation of the Company’ s segment operating income and assets to the consol idated financial statements for the three years end ed 
September 25, 2010 is as follows (in millions):  
   
   
80       2010      2009      2008   
Americas:           
Net sales     $ 24,498       $ 18,981       $ 16,552    
Operating income     $ 7,590       $ 6,658       $ 4,901    
Depreciation, amortization and accretion     $ 12       $ 12       $ 10    
Segment assets (a)     $ 2,809       $ 1,896       $ 1,693    
Europe:           
Net sales     $ 18,692       $ 11,810       $ 9,233    
Operating income     $ 7,524       $ 4,296       $ 3,022    
Depreciation, amortization and accretion     $ 9       $ 7       $ 6    
Segment assets     $ 1,926       $ 1,352       $ 1,069    
Japan:           
Net sales     $ 3,981       $ 2,279       $ 1,728    
Operating income     $ 1,846       $ 961       $ 549    
Depreciation, amortization and accretion     $ 3       $ 2       $ 2    
Segment assets     $ 991       $ 483       $ 272    
Asia -Pacific:           
Net sales     $ 8,256       $ 3,179       $ 2,686    
Operating income     $ 3,647       $ 1,100       $ 748    
Depreciation, amortization and accretion     $ 3       $ 3       $ 3    
Segment assets     $ 1,622       $ 529       $ 390    
Retail:           
Net sales     $ 9,798       $ 6,656       $ 7,292    
Operating income     $ 2,364       $ 1,677       $ 1,661    
Depreciation, amortization and accretion (b)     $ 163       $ 146       $ 108    
Segment assets (b)     $ 1,829       $ 1,344       $ 1,139    
  
(a) The Americas asset figures do not include fixed ass ets held in the U.S. Such fixed assets are not allo cated specifically to the Americas 
segment and are included in the corporate and Retai l assets figures below.  
(b) Retail segment depreciation and asset figures refle ct the cost and related depreciation of its retail stores and related infrastructure.  
     2010     2009     2008   
Segment operating income     $ 22,971      $ 14,692      $ 10,881    
Other corporate expenses, net (a)       (3,707 )      (2,242 )      (2,038 )  
Stock -based compensation expense       (879 )      (710 )      (516 )  
                         
Total operating income     $ 18,385      $ 11,740      $ 8,327    
         
        
        
Segment assets     $ 9,177      $ 5,604      $ 4,563    
Corporate assets       66,006        41,897        31,608    
                         
Consolidated assets     $ 75,183      $ 47,501      $ 36,171    
         
        
        
Segment depreciation, amortization and accretion     $ 190      $ 170      $ 129    
Corporate depreciation, amortization and accretion       837        564        367    
                         
Consolidated depreciation, amortization and accreti on     $ 1,027      $ 734      $ 496    
         
        
        Table of Contents  
No single country outside of the U.S. accounted for  more than 10% of net sales in 2010, 2009 or 2008. One of the Company ’s customers 
accounted for 11% of net sales in 2009; there was n o single customer that accounted for more than 10% of net sales in 2010 or 2008. Net sales 
and long-lived assets related to the U.S. and inter national operations for the three years ended Septe mber 25, 2010, are as follows (in millions):  
   
Information regarding net sales by product for the three years ended September 25, 2010, is as follows  (in millions):  
   
Note 10 – Related Party Transactions and Certain Ot her Transactions  
The Company entered into a Reimbursement Agreement with its CEO, Steve Jobs, for the reimbursement of expenses incurred by Mr. Jobs in 
the operation of his private plane when used for Ap ple business. The Company recognized a total of app roximately $248,000, $4,000 and 
$871,000 in expenses pursuant to the Reimbursement  
   
81    
(a) Other corporate expenses include research and devel opment, corporate marketing expenses, manufacturing  costs and variances not 
included in standard costs, and other separately ma naged general and administrative expenses, includin g certain corporate expenses 
associated with support of the Retail segment.  
     2010      2009      2008   
Net sales:           
U.S.     $ 28,633       $ 22,325       $ 20,893    
International       36,592         20,580         16,598    
                           
Total net sales     $ 65,225       $ 42,905       $ 37,491    
         
         
         
Long -lived assets:           
U.S.     $ 4,292       $ 2,698       $ 2,269    
International       710         495         410    
                           
Total long -lived assets     $ 5,002       $ 3,193       $ 2,679    
         
         
         
     2010      2009      2008   
Desktops (a)     $ 6,201       $ 4,324       $ 5,622    
Portables (b)       11,278         9,535         8,732    
                           
Total Mac net sales       17,479         13,859         14,354    
iPod       8,274         8,091         9,153    
Other music related products and services (c)       4,948         4,036         3,340    
iPhone and related products and services (d)       25,179         13,033         6,742    
iPad and related products and services (e)       4,958         0         0    
Peripherals and other hardware (f)       1,814         1,475         1,694    
Software, service and other net sales (g)       2,573         2,411         2,208    
         
         
         
Total net sales     $ 65,225       $ 42,905       $ 37,491    
         
         
           
(a) Includes iMac, Mac mini, Mac Pro and Xserve product  lines.  
(b) Includes MacBook, MacBook Air and MacBook Pro produ ct lines.  
(c) Includes iTunes Store sales, iPod services, and App le -branded and third -party iPod accessories.  
(d) Includes revenue recognized from iPhone sales, carr ier agreements, services, and Apple -branded and third -party iPhone accessories.  
(e) Includes revenue recognized from iPad sales, servic es and Apple -branded and third -party iPad accessories.  
(f) Includes sales of displays, wireless connectivity a nd networking solutions, and other hardware accesso ries.  
(g) Includes sales of Apple -branded operating system and application software, third -party software, Mac and Internet services.  Table of Contents  
Agreement during 2010, 2009 and 2008, respectively.  All expenses recognized pursuant to the Reimbursem ent Agreement have been included in 
selling, general and administrative expenses in the  Consolidated Statements of Operations.  
Note 11 – Selected Quarterly Financial Information (Unaudited)  
The following tables set forth a summary of the Com pany’s quarterly financial information for each of the f our quarters ended September 25, 
2010 and September 26, 2009 (in millions, except pe r share amounts):  
   
Basic and diluted earnings per share are computed i ndependently for each of the quarters presented. Th erefore, the sum of quarterly basic and 
diluted per share information may not equal annual basic and diluted earnings per share.  
   
82       Fourth Quarter      Third Quarter      Second Quarter      First Quarter   
2010              
Net sales     $ 20,343       $ 15,700       $ 13,499       $ 15,683    
Gross margin     $ 7,512       $ 6,136       $ 5,625       $ 6,411    
Net income     $ 4,308       $ 3,253       $ 3,074       $ 3,378    
Earnings per common share:              
Basic     $ 4.71       $ 3.57       $ 3.39       $ 3.74    
Diluted     $ 4.64       $ 3.51       $ 3.33       $ 3.67    
2009              
Net sales     $ 12,207       $ 9,734       $ 9,084       $ 11,880    
Gross margin     $ 5,105       $ 3,983       $ 3,627       $ 4,507    
Net income     $ 2,532       $ 1,828       $ 1,620       $ 2,255    
Earnings per common share:              
Basic     $ 2.82       $ 2.05       $ 1.82       $ 2.54    
Diluted     $ 2.77       $ 2.01       $ 1.79       $ 2.50    Table of Contents  
   
Report of Ernst & Young LLP, Independent Registered  Public Accounting Firm  
The Board of Directors and Shareholders of Apple In c.  
We have audited the accompanying consolidated balan ce sheets of Apple Inc. as of September 25, 2010 an d September 26, 2009, and the related 
consolidated statements of operations, shareholders ’ equity and cash flows for the years then ended. The se financial statements are the 
responsibility of the Company’s management. Our res ponsibility is to express an opinion on these finan cial statements based on our audits.  
We conducted our audits in accordance with the stan dards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Bo ard (United States). Those standards 
require that we plan and perform the audit to obtai n reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material 
misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a tes t basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclo sures in the financial statements. An audit 
also includes assessing the accounting principles u sed and significant estimates made by management, a s well as evaluating the overall financial 
statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.  
In our opinion, the financial statements referred t o above present fairly, in all material respects, t he consolidated financial position of Apple Inc. 
at September 25, 2010 and September 26, 2009, and t he consolidated results of its operations and its c ash flows for the years then ended, in 
conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles.  
We also have audited, in accordance with the standa rds of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Boar d (United States), Apple Inc.’ s 
internal control over financial reporting as of Sep tember 25, 2010, based on criteria established in Internal Control – Integrated Framework 
issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations  of the Treadway Commission and our report dated Oc tober 27, 2010 expressed an 
unqualified opinion thereon.  
/s/ Ernst & Young LLP  
San Jose, California  
October 27, 2010  
   
83  Table of Contents  
   
Report of Ernst & Young LLP, Independent Registered  Public Accounting Firm  
The Board of Directors and Shareholders of Apple In c.  
We have audited Apple Inc.’s internal control over financial reporting as of September 25, 2010, based  on criteria established in Internal Control 
– Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations  of the Treadway Commission (“the COSO criteria”). Apple 
Inc.’s management is responsible for maintaining effecti ve internal control over financial reporting, and f or its assessment of the effectiveness of 
internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Management’ s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial 
Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opin ion on the Company’s internal control over financia l reporting based on our audit.  
We conducted our audit in accordance with the stand ards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Boa rd (United States). Those standards 
require that we plan and perform the audit to obtai n reasonable assurance about whether effective inte rnal control over financial reporting was 
maintained in all material respects. Our audit incl uded obtaining an understanding of internal control  over financial reporting, assessing the risk 
that a material weakness exists, testing and evalua ting the design and operating effectiveness of inte rnal control based on the assessed risk, and 
performing such other procedures as we considered n ecessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our 
opinion.  
A company’ s internal control over financial reporting is a pr ocess designed to provide reasonable assurance rega rding the reliability of financial 
reporting and the preparation of financial statemen ts for external purposes in accordance with general ly accepted accounting principles. A 
company’ s internal control over financial reporting include s those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to  the maintenance of records that, in 
reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect th e transactions and dispositions of the assets of th e company; (2) provide reasonable assurance 
that transactions are recorded as necessary to perm it preparation of financial statements in accordanc e with generally accepted accounting 
principles, and that receipts and expenditures of t he company are being made only in accordance with a uthorizations of management and 
directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonabl e assurance regarding prevention or timely detectio n of unauthorized acquisition, use, or 
disposition of the company’s assets that could have  a material effect on the financial statements.  
Because of its inherent limitations, internal contr ol over financial reporting may not prevent or dete ct misstatements. Also, projections of any 
evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are s ubject to the risk that controls may become inadequ ate because of changes in conditions, or that 
the degree of compliance with the policies or proce dures may deteriorate.  
In our opinion, Apple Inc. maintained, in all mater ial respects, effective internal control over finan cial reporting as of September 25, 2010, based 
on the COSO criteria.  
We also have audited, in accordance with the standa rds of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Boar d (United States), the 2010 
consolidated financial statements of Apple Inc. and  our report dated October 27, 2010 expressed an unq ualified opinion thereon.  
/s/ Ernst & Young LLP  
San Jose, California  
October 27, 2010  
   
84  Table of Contents  
   
Report of KPMG LLP, Independent Registered Public A ccounting Firm  
The Board of Directors and Shareholders  
Apple Inc.:  
We have audited the accompanying consolidated state ments of operations, shareholders’ equity, and cash flows for the year ended September  27, 
2008. These consolidated financial statements are t he responsibility of the Company’ s management. Our responsibility is to express an o pinion 
on these consolidated financial statements based on  our audit.  
We conducted our audit in accordance with generally  accepted auditing standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United 
States). Those standards require that we plan and p erform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance abo ut whether the financial statements are free 
of material misstatement. An audit also includes ex amining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the a mounts and disclosures in the financial 
statements, assessing the accounting principles use d and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial 
statement presentation. We believe that our audit p rovides a reasonable basis for our opinion.  
In our opinion, the consolidated financial statemen ts referred to above present fairly, in all materia l respects, the results of operations and cash 
flows of Apple Inc. and subsidiaries for the year e nded September 27, 2008 in conformity with U.S. gen erally accepted accounting principles.  
As discussed in note 1, the consolidated financial statements for the year ended September 27, 2008 ha ve been restated to give effect to the 
retrospective adoption of the Financial Accounting Standards Board’ s amended accounting standards related to revenue r ecognition for 
arrangements with multiple deliverables and arrange ments that include software elements.  
/s/ KPMG LLP  
Mountain View, California  
November 4, 2008, except as to note 1, which is as of January 25, 2010  
   
85  Table of Contents  
   
None.  
   
Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures  
Based on an evaluation under the supervision and wi th the participation of the Company’s management, t he Company’ s principal executive 
officer and principal financial officer have conclu ded that the Company’s disclosure controls and proc edures as defined in Rules 13a- 15(e) and 
15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act were effective as of S eptember 25, 2010 to provide reasonable assurance t hat information required to be 
disclosed by the Company in reports that it files o r submits under the Exchange Act is (i) recorded, p rocessed, summarized and reported within 
the time periods specified in the Securities and Ex change Commission rules and forms and (ii) accumula ted and communicated to the 
Company’ s management, including its principal executive off icer and principal financial officer, as appropriat e to allow timely decisions 
regarding required disclosure.  
Inherent Limitations Over Internal Controls  
The Company’ s internal control over financial reporting is desi gned to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial 
reporting and the preparation of financial statemen ts for external purposes in accordance with GAAP. T he Company’ s internal control over 
financial reporting includes those policies and pro cedures that:  
   
   
   
Management, including the Company’s Chief Executive  Officer and Chief Financial Officer, does not expe ct that the Company’ s internal 
controls will prevent or detect all errors and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well designe d and operated, can provide only reasonable, 
not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Further, the design of a co ntrol system must reflect the fact that there 
are resource constraints, and the benefits of contr ols must be considered relative to their costs. Bec ause of the inherent limitations in all control 
systems, no evaluation of internal controls can pro vide absolute assurance that all control issues and  instances of fraud, if any, have been 
detected. Also, any evaluation of the effectiveness  of controls in future periods are subject to the r isk that those internal controls may become 
inadequate because of changes in business condition s, or that the degree of compliance with the polici es or procedures may deteriorate.  
Management’s Annual Report on Internal Control Over  Financial Reporting  
The Company’ s management is responsible for establishing and ma intaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in 
Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act. Management c onducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of the Company’ s internal control over 
financial reporting based on the criteria set forth  in Internal Control – Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Spo nsoring 
Organizations of the Treadway Commission (“COSO”). Based on the Company’ s assessment, management has concluded that its int ernal 
control over financial reporting was effective as o f September 25, 2010 to provide reasonable assuranc e regarding the reliability of financial 
reporting and the preparation of financial statemen ts in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accou nting principles. The Company’ s 
independent registered public accounting firm, Erns t & Young LLP, has issued an audit report on the Co mpany’s internal control over financial 
reporting. The report on the audit of internal cont rol over financial reporting appears on page 84 of this Form 10-K.  
   
86  Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Ac counting and Financial Disclosure 
Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
  (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reas onable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the tr ansactions and dispositions of the 
Company ’s assets;  
  (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of fina ncial statements in accordance 
with GAAP, and that the Company’ s receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of the 
Company ’s management and directors; and  
  (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention o r timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use , or disposition of the 
Company ’s assets that could have a material effect on the f inancial statements.  Table of Contents  
   
Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reportin g  
There were no changes in the Company’ s internal control over financial reporting during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2010, which were ident ified 
in connection with management’s evaluation required  by paragraph (d) of rules 13a-15 and 15d- 15 under the Exchange Act, that have materially 
affected, or are reasonably likely to materially af fect, the Company’s internal control over financial  reporting.  
   
Not applicable.  
   
87  Item 9B. Other Information Table of Contents  
   
PART III  
   
The information required by this Item is set forth under the heading “Directors, Executive Officers an d Corporate Governance” in the 
Company’s 2011 Proxy Statement to be filed with the  U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) in connection with the solicitation of 
proxies for the Company’s 2011 Annual Meeting of Sh areholders (“2011 Proxy Statement”) and is incorporated herein by reference. Such Proxy  
Statement will be filed with the SEC within 120 day s after the end of the fiscal year to which this re port relates.  
   
The information required by this Item is set forth under the headings “Executive Compensation” and “Co mpensation Discussion and Analysis”
in the Company’s 2011 Proxy Statement and is incorp orated herein by reference.  
   
The information required by this Item is set forth under the headings “Security Ownership of Certain B eneficial Owners and Management” and 
“Equity Compensation Plan Information” in the Compa ny’s 2011 Proxy Statement and is incorporated herei n by reference.  
   
The information required by this Item is set forth under the heading “Review, Approval or Ratification  of Transactions with Related Persons” in 
the Company’s 2011 Proxy Statement and is incorpora ted herein by reference.  
   
The information required by this Item is set forth under the heading “Fees Paid to Auditors” in the Co mpany’s 2011 Proxy Statement and is 
incorporated herein by reference.  
   
88  Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governa nce 
Item 11. Executive Compensation 
Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and  Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and  Director Independence 
Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services Table of Contents  
   
PART IV  
   
   
   
   
   
All financial statement schedules have been omitted , since the required information is not applicable or is not present in amounts sufficient to 
require submission of the schedule, or because the information required is included in the consolidate d financial statements and notes thereto.  
   
The information required by this Item is set forth on the exhibit index that follows the signature pag e of this report.  
   
89  Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
(a) Documents filed as part of this report  
(1) All financial statements  
Index to Consolidated Financial Statements    Page   
Consolidated Statements of Operations for the three  years ended September 25, 2010       46    
Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 25, 201 0 and September 26, 2009       47    
Consolidated Statements of Shareholders ’ Equity for the three years ended September 25, 2010        48    
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the three  years ended September 25, 2010       49    
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements       50    
Selected Quarterly Financial Information (Unaudited )       82    
Reports of Ernst & Young LLP, Independent Registere d Public Accounting Firm       83    
Report of KPMG LLP, Independent Registered Public A ccounting Firm       85    
(2) Financial Statement Schedules  
(b) Exhibits required by Item 601 of Regulation S -K  Table of Contents  
   
SIGNATURES  
Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d)  of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the regist rant has duly caused this report to be 
signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, this 27th day of October 2010.  
   
Power of Attorney  
KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each perso n whose signature appears below constitutes and app oints Steven P. Jobs and 
Peter Oppenheimer, jointly and severally, his attor neys-in-fact, each with the power of substitution, for him in any and all capacities, to sign any 
amendments to this Annual Report on Form 10- K, and to file the same, with exhibits thereto and other documents in connection therewith, with 
the Securities and Exchange Commission, hereby rati fying and confirming all that each of said attorney s-in-fact, or his substitute or substitutes, 
may do or cause to be done by virtue hereof.  
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exch ange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below  by the following persons on behalf of the 
registrant and in the capacities and on the dates i ndicated:  
   
   
90  APPLE INC. 
By:   /s/  Peter Oppenheimer         
  Peter Oppenheimer 
  Senior Vice President,  
Chief Financial Officer  
Name    Title   Date 
/s/  Steven P. Jobs          
STEVEN P. JOBS     Chief Executive Officer and Director  
(Principal Executive Officer)    October 27, 2010 
/s/  Peter Oppenheimer          
PETER OPPENHEIMER  
   Senior Vice President,  
Chief Financial Officer  
(Principal Financial Officer)    October 27, 2010 
/s/  Betsy Rafael          
BETSY RAFAEL  
   Vice President  
Corporate Controller  
(Principal Accounting Officer)    October 27, 2010 
/s/  William V. Campbell          
WILLIAM V. CAMPBELL     Director 
  October 27, 2010 
/s/  Millard S. Drexler          
MILLARD S. DREXLER     Director 
  October 27, 2010 
/s/  Albert Gore, Jr.          
ALBERT GORE, JR.     Director 
  October 27, 2010 
/s/  Andrea Jung          
ANDREA JUNG     Director 
  October 27, 2010 
/s/  Arthur D. Levinson          
ARTHUR D. LEVINSON     Director 
  October 27, 2010 Table of Contents  
   
EXHIBIT INDEX  
   
   
91  Exhibit  
Number   
Exhibit Description    Incorporated by 
Reference  
    Form    Filing Date/  
Period End  
Date  
    3.1  
  Restated Articles of Incorporation, filed with the Secretary of State of the State of California on Ju ly 10, 
2009.   10 -Q   6/27/09 
    3.2    By -Laws of the Registrant, as amended through May 27, 2009.   8-K   6/2/09 
    4.1    Form of Stock Certificate of the Registrant.   10 -Q   12/30/06 
  10.1*  
  Employee Stock Purchase Plan, as amended through  
March 8, 2010.    10 -Q   3/27/10 
  10.2*  
  Form of Indemnification Agreement between the Regis trant and each director and executive officer of th e 
Registrant.   10 -Q   6/27/09 
  10.3*    1997 Employee Stock Option Plan, as amended through  October 19, 2001.   10 -K   9/28/02 
  10.4*    1997 Director Stock Plan, as amended through Februa ry 25, 2010.   8-K   3/1/10 
  10.5*    2003 Employee Stock Plan, as amended through Februa ry 25, 2010.   8-K   3/1/10 
  10.6*    Reimbursement Agreement dated as of May 25, 2001 by  and between the Registrant and Steven P. Jobs.   10 -Q   6/29/02 
  10.7*    Form of Option Agreement.   10 -K   9/24/05 
  10.8*    Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement effec tive as of August 28, 2007.   10 -K   9/29/07 
  10.9*    Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement effec tive as of November 11, 2008.   10 -Q   12/27/08 
  14.1**    Business Conduct Policy of the Registrant dated Jul y 2010.     
  21.1**    Subsidiaries of the Registrant.     
  23.1**    Consent of Ernst & Young LLP, Independent Registere d Public Accounting Firm.     
  23.2**    Consent of KPMG LLP, Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm.     
  24.1**    Power of Attorney (included on the Signature Page o f this Annual Report on Form 10 -K).     
  31.1**    Rule 13a -14(a) / 15d -14(a) Certification of Chief Executive Officer.     
  31.2**    Rule 13a -14(a) / 15d -14(a) Certification of Chief Financial Officer.     
  32.1***    Section 1350 Certifications of Chief Executive Offi cer and Chief Financial Officer.     
101.INS****    XBRL Instance Document     
101.SCH****    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document     
101.CAL****    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Docume nt     
101.DEF****    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Documen t     
101.LAB****    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document     
101.PRE****    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Docum ent     Table of Contents  
   
92    
* Indicates management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement.  
** Filed herewith.  
*** Furnished herewith.  
**** Pursuant to applicable securities laws and regulati ons, the Company is deemed to have complied with th e reporting obligation relating to 
the submission of interactive data files in such ex hibits and is not subject to liability under any an ti-fraud provisions of the federal 
securities laws as long as the Company has made a g ood faith attempt to comply with the submission req uirements and promptly amends 
the interactive data files after becoming aware tha t the interactive data files fails to comply with t he submission requirements. Users of 
this data are advised that, pursuant to Rule 406T, these interactive data files are deemed not filed a nd otherwise are not subject to liability. Exhibit 14.1 
   
   
      Business Conduct 
   The way we do business 
worldwide    Business Conduct  
The way we do business worldwide  
Apple conducts business ethically, honestly, and in  full compliance with all 
laws and regulations. This applies to every busines s decision in every area of 
the company worldwide.  
Business Conduct  
The way we do business worldwide  
July 2010        
   
Apple ’s Principles of Business Conduct  
Apple ’s success is based on creating innovative, high-qu ality products and services and on 
demonstrating integrity in every business interacti on. Apple’s principles of business conduct 
define the way we do business worldwide. These prin ciples are:  
   
•    Honesty. Demonstrate honesty and high ethical standards in a ll business dealings.  
   
•    Respect. Treat customers, suppliers, employees, and others w ith respect and courtesy.  
   
•    Confidentiality. Protect the confidentiality of Apple’s information and the information of 
our customers, suppliers, and employees.  
   
•    Compliance. Ensure that business decisions comply with all appl icable laws and 
regulations.  
   
Your Responsibilities  
   
Apple ’s Business Conduct Policy and principles apply to employees, independent 
contractors, consultants, and others who do busines s with Apple. All such individuals are 
expected to comply with Apple’s Business Conduct Po licy and principles and with all 
applicable legal requirements. Apple retains the ri ght to discipline (up to and including 
termination of employment) or end working relations hips with those who do not comply.  
   
If you have knowledge of a possible violation of Ap ple’s Business Conduct Policy or 
principles, other Apple policies, or legal or regul atory requirements, you are required to notify 
either your manager (provided your manager is not i nvolved in the violation), Human 
Resources, Legal, Internal Audit, Finance, or the B usiness Conduct Helpline. If you have 
knowledge of a potential violation and fail to repo rt it, you may be subject to disciplinary 
action.  
   
When facing a tough decision:  
   
•    Use good judgment. Apply Apple’s principles of business conduct, revie w our policies, 
review legal requirements, and then decide what to do.  
   
•    Need some help? When in doubt about how to proceed, discuss pending  decisions with 
your manager, your Human Resources representative, or the Legal Department. If you 
need more support, contact the Business Conduct Hel pline.  
   
Retaliation is Not Tolerated  
   
Apple will not retaliate —and will not tolerate retaliation—against any indi vidual for filing a 
good-faith complaint with management, HR, Legal, In ternal Audit, Finance, or the Business 
Conduct Helpline, or for participating in the inves tigation of any such complaint.   
   
Business Conduct  
The way we do business worldwide  
July 2010     
      Contents 
   Customer and Business 
Relationships 
4    Customer Focus 
4 
   Customer and Third-Party 
Information 
4    Nondisclosure Agreements 
4 
   Obtaining and Using Business 
Intelligence 
4    Third -Party Intellectual Property 
4    Copyright-Protected Content 
5    Giving and Receiving Business Gifts 
5    Kickbacks 
5    Side Deals or Side Letters 
6    Competition and Trade Practices 
6    Endorsements 
6    Open Source Software 
   Governments and Communities 
7    Governments as Customers 
7    Gifts to U.S. Officials 
7    Gifts to Non -U.S. Officials 
7    No Bribery or Corruption 
7    Political Contributions 
8    Charitable Donations 
8    Hiring Government Employees 
8 
   Trade Restrictions and Export 
Controls 
8    Environment, Health, and Safety 
8    Community Activities    
   
   Responsibilities to Apple 
9 
   Protecting Apple’s Assets and 
Information 
9    Confidential Apple Information 
9    The Apple Identity and Trademarks 
9 
   Apple Inventions, Patents, and 
Copyrights 
10 
   Activities Related to Technical 
Standards 
10    Accuracy of Records and Reports 
10    Business Expenses 
10    Establishing Bank Accounts 
10    Loans, Advances, and Guarantees 
10    Money Laundering 
11 
   Document Retention and Legal 
Hold 
   Individual Conduct 
12    Conflicts of Interest 
12 
   Outside Employment and 
Inventions 
13    Personal Investments 
13    Workplace Relationships 
13    Buying and Selling Stock 
13    Harassment and Discrimination 
14    Confidential Employee Information 
14    Privacy 
14 
   Public Speaking and Press 
Inquiries 
14    Publishing Articles 
14    Substance Abuse 
   Taking Action 
15    Your Obligation to Take Action 
15    Business Conduct Helpline 
   Additional Resources 
16    Policies and References       
Customer and Business  
Relationships     Business Conduct  
The way we do business worldwide  
July 2010  
   4 
   Customer Focus  
   
Every product we make and every service we provide is for our customers. Focus on 
providing innovative, high-quality products and ser vices and on demonstrating integrity in 
every business interaction. Always apply Apple ’s principles of business conduct.  
To what extent may I use an existing 
customer list to market other Apple 
products or services?  
Before using a customer list for marketing, 
sales, or other activities, talk to your manager 
or the Legal Department. Using an existing 
customer list may or may not be appropriate.  
   Customer and Third-Party Information  
   
Customers, suppliers, and others disclose confident ial information to Apple for business 
purposes. It is the responsibility of every Apple e mployee to protect and maintain the 
confidentiality of this information. Failure to pro tect customer and third-party information may 
damage relations with customers, suppliers, or othe rs and may result in legal liability. See the 
Apple Customer Privacy Policy.  
Where can I learn more about information 
protection and nondisclosure agreements? 
View the Apple policy on Confidential, 
Proprietary, and Trade Secret Information.  
   
Where can I get a nondisclosure 
agreement?  
In the U.S., see the forms Apple provides for 
nondisclosure agreements. Outside the U.S., 
consult your local Apple Legal representative.  
   Nondisclosure Agreements  
   
When dealing with a supplier, vendor, or other thir d party, never share confidential 
information without your manager’s approval. Also, never share confidential information 
outside Apple (for example, with vendors, suppliers , or others) unless a nondisclosure 
agreement is in place. These agreements document th e need to maintain the confidentiality 
of the information. Original copies of nondisclosur e agreements must be forwarded to the 
Legal Department. Always limit the amount of confid ential information shared to the minimum 
necessary to address the business need.  
As long as the information helps Apple, 
why is the source of business intelligence 
an issue?  
Obtaining information illegally or unethically 
could damage Apple’s reputation and in some 
cases could subject Apple to legal liability. For 
example, using illegally or unethically obtained 
information in a bid to the government could 
result in disqualification from future bidding 
and in criminal charges.     Obtaining and Using Business Intelligence  
   
Apple legitimately collects information on customer s and markets in which we operate. Apple 
does not seek business intelligence by illegal or u nethical means, and competitors may not 
be contacted for the purpose of obtaining business intelligence. Sometimes information is 
obtained accidentally or is provided to Apple by un known sources. In such cases, it may be 
unethical to use the information, and you should im mediately contact your manager, the 
Legal Department, or the Business Conduct Helpline to determine how to proceed.  
   Third-Party Intellectual Property  
   
It is Apple’s policy not to knowingly use the intel lectual property of any third party without 
permission or legal right. If you are told or suspe ct that Apple may be infringing an intellectual 
property right, including patents, copyrights, trad emarks, or trade secrets owned by a third 
party, you should contact the Legal Department.  
May I keep my personal music on my 
computer at work?  
If you are authorized to make copies of the 
music for personal use (for example, you own 
the original CD or you purchased the music on 
iTunes), you may keep the music on your 
computer.     Copyright-Protected Content  
   
Never use or copy software, music, videos, publicat ions, or other copyright-protected content 
at work or for business purposes unless you or Appl e are legally permitted to use or make 
copies of the protected content. Never use Apple fa cilities or equipment to make or store 
unauthorized copies.        
Customer and Business  
Relationships     Business Conduct  
The way we do business worldwide  
July 2010  
   5 
Are business meals, travel, and 
entertainment considered gifts?  
Yes. Anything of value given or received is 
considered a gift.  
   
Can I avoid these rules if I pay for gifts to 
customers or business associates myself?  
No. If the gift is given for business reasons and 
you are representing Apple, the gift rules 
apply.  
   Giving and Receiving Business Gifts  
   
Employees may not give or receive gifts or entertai nment to or from current or potential 
vendors, suppliers, customers, or other business as sociates unless all of the following 
conditions are met:  
   
•    Nominal value. The value of the gift is less than US$150. Exceptio ns must be approved 
by your Vice President (for Vice President– level employees, exceptions must be approved 
by your manager).  
   
•    Customary. The item is a customary business gift and would not  embarrass Apple if 
publicly disclosed. Cash is never an acceptable gif t. Giving or receiving cash is viewed as 
a bribe or kickback and is always against Apple pol icy.  
   
•    No favored treatment. The purpose of the gift is not to obtain special or  favored 
treatment.  
   
•   Legal. Giving or accepting the gift is legal in the locati on and under the circumstances 
where given.  
   
•    Recipient is not a government official. Never provide a gift, including meals, 
entertainment, or other items of value, to a U.S. o r foreign government official without 
checking with Government Affairs in advance. See pa ge 7 for more information on gifts to 
government officials.  
   
This policy does not preclude Apple as an organizat ion from receiving and evaluating 
complimentary products or services. It is not inten ded to preclude Apple from giving 
equipment to a company or organization, provided th e gift is openly given, consistent with 
legal requirements, and in Apple’s business interes ts. The policy also does not preclude the 
attendance of Apple employees at business-related s ocial functions, if attendance is 
approved by management and does not create a confli ct of interest.  
   
Important Note: Certain departments (e.g., Operations and Retail) h ave more restrictive gift 
policies, which may prohibit giving or receiving gi fts altogether. Employees in those 
departments must adhere to those stricter policies.   
What is an example of a kickback?  
Apple provides discounts to certain customers. 
However, if a customer gets an inappropriate 
discount, and a sales representative gets a 
payment in return, this is a kickback.  
   
What is an example of a side deal?  
In a sales environment, a side deal may 
involve a guarantee to accept back unsold 
products or other special agreements to 
encourage certain customers to place larger 
orders. Such a side deal, whether written or 
oral, can impact Apple’s potential liability with 
respect to that transaction and may make it 
inappropriate for Apple to recognize revenue 
on the products sold, affecting the accuracy of 
Apple’s books and records. Side deals or side 
letters made outside of Apple’s formal 
contracting and approvals process are strictly 
prohibited.  
   Kickbacks  
   
Kickbacks are payments or items of value given to i ndividuals in connection with the 
purchase or sale of products or services, typically  for providing a discount in a sales 
agreement. Employees are prohibited from giving or receiving kickbacks.  
   
Side Deals or Side Letters  
   
All of the terms and conditions of agreements enter ed into by Apple must be formally 
documented. Contract terms and conditions define th e key attributes of Apple’s rights, 
obligations, and liabilities and can also dictate t he accounting treatment given to a 
transaction. Making business commitments outside of  the formal contracting process, 
through side deals, side letters, or otherwise, is unacceptable. You should not make any oral 
or written commitments that create a new agreement or modify an existing agreement without 
approval through the formal contracting process. In  particular, all commitments must have 
visibility to Finance so Apple can ensure it is pro perly accounting for each transaction. If you 
have knowledge of any side deal, side letter, or ag reement made outside of the formal 
contracting process, you should report it immediate ly to your manager, your Human 
Resources representative, or the Legal Department. You may also contact the Business 
Conduct Helpline.        
Customer and Business  
Relationships     Business Conduct  
The way we do business worldwide  
July 2010  
   6 
What can I do if a reseller complains to me 
about low prices at another reseller?  
Advise the reseller that you can’t discuss or 
attempt to influence pricing of other parties, 
since this could violate antitrust laws.  
   
How should I handle customer inquiries 
about resellers and service providers?  
Apple resellers and service providers are key 
members of the Apple family. They promote 
and sell Apple products, and they provide 
service and support to Apple customers. 
Accordingly, you should never make 
disparaging remarks to customers about 
resellers or service providers.  
   Competition and Trade Practices  
   
Laws regulating competition and trade practices var y around the world, but certain activities, 
such as price fixing and agreeing with a competitor  to allocate customers, are almost always 
illegal and are absolutely prohibited under Apple p olicy.  
   
You should not:  
   
•   Agree with competitors or exchange information with competitors on prices, policies, 
contract terms, costs, inventories, marketing plans , or capacity plans.  
   
•   Agree with a competitor that the competitor wil l sell goods and services to Customer A 
(and you will not), and that you will sell goods an d services to Customer B (and your 
competitor will not).  
   
•   Agree with resellers on the resale pricing of A pple products without Legal Department 
approval.  
   
•   Require vendors to purchase Apple products in o rder to sell products or services to Apple.  
   
•   Describe the products or services of competitor s inaccurately to promote Apple products 
or services.  
   
•   Engage in any pricing or other practices that c ould defraud a supplier or others.  
   
•   Violate fair bidding practices, including biddi ng quiet periods, or provide information to 
benefit one vendor over other vendors.  
What is an example of an endorsement?  
A friend writes a great book on software 
design and asks you to endorse the book by 
making a statement on the back cover. If you 
make such an endorsement, don’ t include your 
job title or affiliation with Apple.  
   Endorsements  
   
When representing Apple, never endorse a product or  service of another business or an 
individual, unless the endorsement has been approve d by your manager and Corporate 
Communications. This does not apply to statements y ou may make in the normal course of 
business about third-party products that are sold b y Apple.  
   
Open Source Software  
   
Open source software is software for which the sour ce code is available without charge 
under a free software or open source license. Befor e using or modifying any open source 
software for Apple infrastructure or as part of an Apple product or service development effort, 
you must review Apple’s Open Source Policy and cont act the Legal Department for approval 
using the forms referenced in that policy.        
Governments and  
Communities     Business Conduct  
The way we do business worldwide  
July 2010  
   7 
Tell me more about pricing products that are sold 
to governments.    Governments as Customers 
Governments shouldn’t be charged more for our 
products or services than Apple charges other 
customers for the same products or services. There 
are laws that make it a crime to overcharge the U.S . 
government. Some other countries have similar laws.  
   Governments are unique customers for Apple. Governm ents often place special 
bidding, pricing, disclosure, and certification req uirements on firms with which they do 
business. Discuss these requirements with Governmen t Affairs or your local Apple 
Legal representative before bidding for government business. For example, Apple may 
have to certify that it is supplying the government  with the lowest price charged to 
Apple ’s commercial customers. Apple may also have to cer tify that its prices have been 
arrived at independently—that is, without collabora tion with a third party. 
Can I avoid a gift limitation by paying for a gift,  
such as lunch or golf, myself?    Gifts to U.S. Officials 
No. If you are representing Apple, any gift to a 
government employee would be viewed as coming 
from Apple.  
   
What is considered a gift to a U.S. or  
foreign official?  
In most cases, anything of value that is given is 
considered a gift. This includes items such as meal s, 
golf, entertainment, and product samples. Cash is 
never an acceptable gift. Typically, giving cash is  
viewed as a bribe or kickback and is against Apple 
policy.  
   
Who is considered a government official?  
Any official or employee of a government, a public 
international organization (such as the European 
Commission), any department or agency thereof, or 
any person acting in an official capacity. It can a lso 
include employees of a state-run or state-owned 
business, such as a public utility or university.     It may be illegal to give a gift, even an inexpensi ve meal or a T-shirt, to a government 
employee. The rules vary depending on the location and job position of the government 
employee (for example, rules may vary by state, sch ool district, and city, and there may 
be different rules for various elected and nonelect ed officials). 
      
To prevent violations, review planned gifts to gove rnment officials with Government 
Affairs in advance of giving a gift.  
      
Gifts to Non-U.S. Officials  
   
In many countries it is considered common courtesy to provide token/ceremonial gifts to 
government officials on certain occasions to help b uild relationships. Check local 
requirements and review any such gifts exceeding US $25 in advance with the Legal 
Department. For meals, the US$25 limit does not nec essarily apply. Check here for 
value limits by country on meals to non-U.S. public  officials and employees. Meals at 
any value should be avoided with officials from gov ernment agencies where Apple has 
a pending application, proposal, or other business.   
   
No Bribery or Corruption  
   
Offering or giving anything of value to a governmen t official for the purpose of obtaining 
or retaining business or to secure any improper adv antage is illegal. Apple personnel 
shall not offer or accept bribes or use other inapp ropriate means to obtain an undue or 
improper advantage, or otherwise violate U.S. or in ternational anticorruption laws and 
regulations (e.g., the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practic es Act).  
      
For additional information, see Apple ’s Foreign Corrupt Practices Act Policy.  
      
Political Contributions  
      
Apple contributes selectively to political candidat es and committees. All corporate 
political contributions, whether monetary or in-kin d (such as the donation/lending of 
equipment or technical services to a campaign), mus t be approved in advance by Apple 
Government Affairs. Employees may not use Apple ass ets (including employee work 
time, or use of Apple premises, equipment, or funds ) to personally support candidates 
and campaigns. It is illegal for Apple to reimburse  an employee for a contribution. For 
more information, see the Apple Corporate Political  Compliance Policy and the Political 
Contributions and Expenditures Policy.        
Governments and  
Communities     Business Conduct  
The way we do business worldwide  
July 2010  
   8 
   Charitable Donations 
   Employees are encouraged to support charitable caus es of their choice, as long as that 
support is provided without the use or furnishing o f Apple assets (including employee work 
time, or use of Apple premises, equipment, or funds ). Any charitable donations involving 
Apple assets require the approval of the Chief Exec utive Officer or Chief Financial Officer. 
For additional information, see Finance Policy 1.10 . 
What should I do if I’ m interested in hiring a 
current or recent government employee?  
Contact Government Affairs before beginning 
any negotiations to hire a current or recent 
government, military or other public sector 
employee as an Apple employee or consultant. 
   Hiring Government Employees  
   
Laws often limit the duties and types of services t hat former government, military or other 
public sector employees may perform as employees or  consultants of Apple. Employment 
negotiations with government employees are prohibit ed while the employees are participating 
in a matter involving Apple ’s interests.  
   Trade Restrictions and Export Controls 
   Many countries periodically impose restrictions on exports and other dealings with certain 
other countries, persons, or groups. Export laws ma y control trading of commodities or 
technologies that are considered to be strategicall y important because they have the 
potential to be used for military purposes. Laws ma y cover travel to or from a sanctioned 
country, imports or exports, new investments, and o ther related topics. Certain laws also 
prohibit support of boycott activities. See Apple ’s Export Control policy for more information. 
   If your work involves the sale or shipment of produ cts, technologies, or services across 
international borders, check with the Export Depart ment to ensure compliance with any laws 
or restrictions that apply. 
How do I get more information regarding 
Apple’s environmental, health, and safety 
programs?  
Visit the Environment+Safety site.     Environment, Health, and Safety (EHS)  
   
Apple operates in a manner that conserves the envir onment and protects the safety and 
health of our employees. Conduct your job safely an d consistent with applicable EHS 
requirements. Use good judgment and always put the environment, health, and safety first. 
Be proactive in anticipating and dealing with EHS r isks.  
   
In keeping with our commitment to the safety of our  people, Apple will not tolerate workplace 
violence. For additional information, review Apple ’s Workplace Violence policy.     
   
What if I want to get more involved in 
community activities?  
Contact Community Affairs. This group 
promotes, supports, and facilitates employees’  
involvement in community volunteer activities. 
Outside the U.S., check with your local Public 
Relations team.     Community Activities  
   
At Apple, we comply with all laws and regulations a nd operate in ways that benefit the 
communities in which we conduct business. Apple enc ourages you to uphold this 
commitment to the community in all your activities.   
   
If you hold an elected or appointed public office w hile employed at Apple, advise Government 
Affairs. Excuse yourself from involvement in any de cisions that might create or appear to 
create a conflict of interest.     
      
Responsibilities to Apple  
   Business Conduct  
The way we do business worldwide  
July 2010     9 
What are assets?  
Assets include Apple’s extremely valuable 
proprietary information (such as intellectual 
property, confidential business plans, 
unannounced product plans, sales and 
marketing strategies, and other trade secrets); 
as well as physical assets like cash, 
equipment, supplies, and product inventory.  
   
Where can I learn more about information 
protection and nondisclosure agreements? 
View the Apple policy on Confidential, 
Proprietary, and Trade Secret Information.     Protecting Apple ’s Assets and Information 
      
As an Apple employee you must protect Apple ’s property and abide by the following 
guidelines:  
   
•   Follow all security procedures and be on the lo okout for any instances you believe could 
lead to loss, misuse, or theft of company property.   
   
•   Protect physical assets such as equipment, supp lies, cash, and charge cards.  
   
•   Use extreme care to protect Apple’s proprietary  information from improper disclosure to 
third parties. This information includes technical product information, information related to 
current and future products and services, confident ial market research, sales and 
marketing plans, nonpublic earnings or financial da ta, and organizational charts and 
information.  
   
•   Follow procurement policies and procedures when  acquiring goods or services on behalf 
of Apple, avoiding any real or apparent conflict of  interest. For more information on 
procurement policies and procedures, talk to your m anager or visit Apple Procurement.  
   
•   Use Apple’ s assets in a manner that prevents damage, waste, m isuse, or theft. Use assets 
only for legal and ethical purposes.  
   
•   Dispose of assets only with appropriate approva l and in compliance with applicable 
policies. Before disposing of assets, discuss your plans with your manager.  
If I believe that it is appropriate to disclose 
confidential proprietary information to a 
vendor or other third party, what should I 
do?    Confidential Apple Information  
   
One of Apple’s greatest assets is information about  our products and services, including 
future product offerings. Never disclose confidenti al operational, financial, trade secret, or 
other business information without verifying with y our manager that such disclosure is 
appropriate. Typically, disclosure of this informat ion is very limited, and the information may 
be shared with vendors, suppliers, or other third p arties only after a nondisclosure agreement 
is in place. Even within Apple, confidential inform ation should be shared only on a need-to-
know basis. The Intellectual Property Agreement you  signed when you joined Apple defines 
your duty to protect information.  First, verify that there is a business need for 
the disclosure. Second, obtain your manager’ s 
approval for the disclosure. Third, be sure that 
a nondisclosure agreement is in place with the 
vendor or third party, and that you forward the 
original copy of the agreement to the Legal 
Department. If you are still unsure, check with 
the Legal Department before making the 
disclosure.    
   
How do I identify confidential Apple 
information in documents?  
Mark these documents “Apple Confidential.”  
   
What if I have a specific question on the 
use of the Apple name, names of products 
or services, or the Apple logo?  
Please direct questions about the Apple 
corporate identity to corpID@apple.com.  
   
How can I find out more about patents?  
Visit Apple ’s Patent Information site.        
The Apple Identity and Trademarks  
   
The Apple name, names of products (such as iPhone),  names of services (such as 
AppleCare), tag lines (such as “Don’t steal music”), and logos (such as the famili ar Apple 
logo) collectively create the Apple identity. Befor e publicly using the Apple name, product 
names, service names, tag lines, or the Apple logo,  review Apple’s corporate identity 
guidelines on how names and logos can be used and p resented (for example, the size of the 
Apple logo and the amount of white space surroundin g the logo). Before using the product 
names, service names, tag lines, or logos of third parties, check with the Legal Department.  
      
Apple Inventions, Patents, and Copyrights  
   
Apple ’s practice is to consider for patenting the invent ions of its employees, regardless of 
whether the inventions are implemented in actual pr oducts. If you are involved in product 
development, you should contact the Legal Departmen t regarding the patentability of your 
work. Be alert to possible infringement of Apple ’s patents and bring any possible 
infringements directly to the Legal Department.  
   If you create original material for Apple that requ ires copyright protection, such as software, 
place Apple’s copyright notice on the work and subm it a copyright disclosure form to the 
Legal Department. For more information, visit the A pple Copyright Information site.       
Responsibilities to Apple  
   Business Conduct  
The way we do business worldwide  
July 2010     10 
   Activities Related to Technical Standards  
   
There are numerous organizations that develop or pr omote technical standards (e.g., W3C, 
OASIS, INCITS, IEEE, ETSI). Before engaging in acti vities related to technical standards, 
including, for example, joining a standards organiz ation or working group, contributing 
technology to a standard, or using a standard in th e development of an Apple product, 
employees must receive management and Legal approva l. For additional information, see 
Apple ’s Standards Legal Policy.  
   
Accuracy of Records and Reports  
   
Accurate records are critical to meeting Apple ’s legal, financial, and management obligations. 
Ensure that all records and reports, including cust omer information, technical and product 
information, correspondence, and public communicati ons, are full, fair, accurate, timely, and 
understandable.  
   
Never misstate facts, omit critical information, or  modify records or reports in any way to 
mislead others, and never assist others in doing so .  
How can I learn more about procedures for 
meals and travel?    Business Expenses 
See Apple’s Travel policy or talk to your 
manager. 
   All employees must observe policies and procedures regarding business expenses, such as 
meal and travel expenses, and submit accurate expen se reimbursement requests. 
Guidelines on daily meal expenses vary worldwide. 
   Establishing Bank Accounts 
   All Apple bank accounts must be approved and establ ished by Apple ’s Treasury Department. 
All payments must be made by recordable and traceab le methods. For more information, 
contact the Treasury Department. 
   Loans, Advances, and Guarantees 
   Other than through established corporate programs, such as programs for employee 
relocation and the cashless exercise of stock optio ns, Apple does not provide loans or 
advances of corporate funds to its employees, offic ers, Board members, or their families and 
does not guarantee their obligations. 
If I suspect money laundering, what should 
I do?    Money Laundering 
Advise your manager or contact the Apple 
Legal Department. 
   Money laundering is the process by which individual s or organizations try to conceal illicit 
funds or make these funds look legitimate. If you a re in a position to deal directly with 
customers or vendors, the following examples may be  indications of potential money 
laundering: 
   •  Attempts to make large payments in cash  
   
•  Payments by someone who is not a party to the co ntract  
   
•  Requests to pay more than provided for in the co ntract  
   
•  Payments made in currencies other than those spe cified in the contract  
   
•  Payments from an unusual, nonbusiness account        
Responsibilities to Apple  
   Business Conduct  
The way we do business worldwide  
July 2010     11 
Tell me more about “legal holds.”  
In a litigation case or other legal matter, Apple 
may be required to produce documents. In 
these cases the Legal Department may put a 
“legal hold” on certain documents to prevent 
the documents from being destroyed, altered, 
or modified. If it is found that Apple has failed 
to retain or produce required documents, 
penalties or adverse rulings may result. 
Adverse rulings in major litigation cases can 
cost Apple a significant amount of money. 
Failure of employees to retain and preserve 
documents placed on a legal hold may result 
in discipline or discharge.    Document Retention and Legal Hold 
     
As an Apple employee, you have a responsibility to manage documents and make decisions 
on document retention. The definition of “document”  is extremely broad. For example, every 
email or other electronic file, every customer reco rd, and every transaction involves the 
creation of a document. Different documents have di fferent retention periods. Check with your 
manager or contact Records Management to determine the appropriate retention period for 
documents in your area.  
   
At times, Apple may need to retain documents beyond  the period they would normally be 
retained. The most common reasons are litigation or  other legal matters. In these situations, 
retention and preservation of documents is critical . If you have documents that may be 
required for litigation or other legal matters, the  Legal Department will place those documents 
on a “legal hold,” meaning the documents cannot be altered, destroyed,  deleted, or modified in 
any manner. Legal will notify the individuals most closely identified with the documents about 
the legal hold and will provide instructions for re taining the documents. Recipients of a legal 
hold must ensure that these instructions are follow ed. A legal hold remains in effect until you 
are notified by the Legal Department in writing.     
Individual Conduct  
   Business Conduct  
The way we do business worldwide  
July 2010     12 
Can you give an example of conflicts of 
interest or potential divided loyalty?  
Your brother-in-law owns a business, that 
business is being considered as a vendor for 
Apple, and you are one of the decision 
makers.  
   Conflicts of Interest  
   
A conflict of interest is any activity that is inco nsistent with or opposed to Apple ’s best 
interests, or that gives the appearance of impropri ety or divided loyalty. Avoid any situation 
that creates a real or perceived conflict of intere st. Use good judgment, and if you are unsure 
about a potential conflict, talk to your manager, c ontact Human Resources, check with the 
Legal Department, or contact the Business Conduct H elpline.  
   
Do not conduct Apple business with family members o r others with whom you have a 
significant personal relationship. In rare cases wh ere exceptions may be appropriate, written 
approval from the Senior Vice President for your or ganization is required.  
   
You shouldn’t use your position at Apple to obtain favored treatment for yourself, family 
members, or others with whom you have a significant  relationship. This applies to product 
purchases or sales, investment opportunities, hirin g, promoting, selecting contractors or 
suppliers, and any other business matter. This does  not apply to special purchase plans 
offered by Apple. If you believe you have a potenti al conflict involving a family member or 
other individual, disclose it to your manager.  
Am I allowed to develop outside iPhone or 
iPad apps on my own time?    Outside Employment and Inventions 
No. Employees are not permitted to have any 
involvement in the development of outside 
iPhone or iPad apps, either alone or jointly 
with others.    Full-time Apple employees must notify their manager  before taking any other employment. In 
addition, any employee (full-time or part-time) who  obtains additional outside employment, 
has an outside business, or is working on an invent ion must comply with the following rules. 
May I occasionally use my Apple email 
address for my outside business?  
Limited personal use of your Apple email is 
permitted for activities such as sending a brief 
message to a friend. You may never use your 
Apple email for an outside business.  
   
I’m working on an invention on my own 
time. Does Apple need to know?  
If your invention relates to your job at Apple or 
could compete with current or reasonably 
anticipated future products or services of 
Apple, disclose the invention to your manager.  
   
May I serve on the board of directors of an 
outside enterprise or organization?  
If you plan to serve on a board, you must 
obtain approval from your manager and the 
Senior Vice President for your organization. In 
addition, Vice Presidents and Executive Team 
members must obtain the approval of their 
manager and the CEO before they can accept 
a position on the board of directors of a private 
or publicly traded company (other than 
nonprofit entities).  
   Do not:  
   
•   Use any time at work or any Apple assets for yo ur other job, outside business, or 
invention. This includes using Apple workspace, tel ephones, computers, Internet access, 
copy machines, and any other Apple assets or servic es.  
   
•   Use your position at Apple to solicit work for your outside business or other employer, to 
obtain favored treatment, or to pressure others to assist you in working on your invention.  
   
•   Use confidential Apple information to benefit y our other employer, outside business, or 
invention.  
   
•   Participate in an outside employment activity t hat could have an adverse effect on your 
ability to perform your duties at Apple.  
   
•   Participate in an outside business or outside e mployment, or develop an invention, that is 
in an area of Apple’s present or reasonably anticip ated future business.  
   
Before participating in inventions or businesses th at are in the same area as your work for 
Apple or that compete with or relate to present or reasonably anticipated Apple products or 
services, you must have written permission from you r manager, an Apple product law 
attorney, and the Senior Vice President of your org anization. For additional information, see 
Apple ’s policy on Conflicts of Interest.        
Individual Conduct  
   Business Conduct  
The way we do business worldwide  
July 2010     13 
I have stock in companies that do business 
with Apple. Is this a problem?  
It’s unlikely that this is a problem. However, it 
could be a concern if (1) you’re influencing a 
transaction between Apple and the company, 
and (2) the transaction is significant enough to 
potentially affect the value of your investment.  
   Personal Investments  
   
Many Apple employees have investments in publicly t raded stock or privately held 
businesses. These personal investments may give ris e to a conflict of interest if you are 
involved in or attempt to influence transactions be tween Apple and a business in which you 
are invested. If a real or apparent conflict arises , disclose the conflict to your manager. The 
manager will help determine whether a conflict exis ts and, if appropriate, the best approach 
to eliminate the conflict.  
   
Workplace Relationships  
   
Personal relationships in the workplace may present  an actual or perceived conflict of interest 
where one individual in the relationship may be in a position to make or influence 
employment decisions regarding the other. If you fi nd yourself in such a relationship, you 
must notify Human Resources so they may assist you in resolving any potential conflicts. 
Employees should not allow their relationships to d isrupt the workplace or interfere with their 
work or judgment. For additional information, see A pple ’s policy on Personal Relationships.  
How do I know whether information is 
material?  
Determining what constitutes material 
information is a matter of judgment. In general, 
information is material if it would likely be 
considered important by an investor buying or 
selling the particular stock.  
   
Does Apple’s policy apply to buying or 
selling stock in other companies?  
Yes. For example, say you learn about a 
customer’ s nonpublic expansion plans through 
discussions about hardware purchases. If you 
purchase stock in the customer’s company or 
advise others to do so, it could be viewed as 
insider trading.  
   Buying and Selling Stock  
   
Never buy or sell stock while you are in possession  of information obtained through your 
employment at Apple that has not been publicly anno unced and could have a material effect 
on the value of the stock. This applies to decision s to buy or sell Apple securities and to 
investments in other companies. It is also against Apple policy and may be illegal to give 
others, such as friends and family, tips on when to  buy or sell stock while you are in 
possession of material, nonpublic information conce rning that stock.  
   
In addition, employees are prohibited from investin g in derivatives of Apple’s securities. This 
includes, but is not limited to, trading in put or call options related to securities of the 
company.  
   
Members of Apple’s Board of Directors, executive of ficers, and certain other individuals are 
subject to blackout periods during which they are p rohibited from trading in Apple stock. If 
you are subject to these restrictions, you will be notified by the Legal Department. Even if you 
are subject to blackout periods, you may never buy or sell stock while you are in possession 
of material, nonpublic information.  
   
Review Apple’s Insider Trading policy. Specific que stions on buying and selling stock should 
be referred to the Legal Department.  
What is harassment?  
Harassment can be verbal, visual, or physical 
in nature. Specific examples of prohibited 
harassing conduct include, but are not limited 
to: slurs, jokes, statements, notes, letters, 
electronic communication, pictures, drawings, 
posters, cartoons, gestures, and unwelcome 
physical contact that are based on an 
individual’s protected class.  
   
Need more information?  
In the U.S., refer to Apple’ s Harassment policy. 
Outside the U.S., contact Human Resources.  
   Harassment and Discrimination  
   
Apple encourages a creative, culturally diverse, an d supportive work environment. Apple 
does not tolerate harassment or discrimination base d on factors such as race, color, sex, 
sexual orientation, gender identity characteristics  or expression, religion, national origin, age, 
marital status, disability, medical condition, vete ran status, or pregnancy. Additional 
restrictions may apply based on regional laws and r egulations.  
   
These requirements apply to interactions with emplo yees, customers, suppliers, and 
applicants for employment and any other interaction s where you represent Apple.  
   
If you feel that you have been harassed or discrimi nated against or have witnessed such 
behavior, report the situation to a manager or to H uman Resources. You may also contact 
the Business Conduct Helpline.        
Individual Conduct  
   Business Conduct  
The way we do business worldwide  
July 2010     14 
Where can I learn more about policies on 
confidential employee information?    Confidential Employee Information 
View the Apple Safe Harbor Privacy Policy. 
   As part of your job, you may have access to persona l information regarding other Apple 
employees or applicants, including information rega rding their employment history, personal 
contact information, compensation, health informati on, or performance and disciplinary 
matters. This information is confidential and shoul d be shared only with those who have a 
business need to know. It should not be shared outs ide Apple unless there is a legal or 
business reason to share the information and you ha ve approval from your manager. 
Is personal information on my computer 
system private?    Privacy 
Limited personal use of Apple equipment and 
systems is allowed, but subject to local 
regulations, Apple may monitor equipment and 
systems. If in doubt, check with the Legal 
Department. 
   Subject to rules or regulations affecting an employ ee’s rights, Apple may monitor or search 
its work environments, including equipment, network s, mail, and electronic systems, without 
notice. Apple monitors facilities and equipment to promote safety, prevent unlawful activity, 
investigate misconduct, manage information systems,  comply with legal guidelines, and for 
other business purposes. 
If I make a presentation on my own time, 
may I accept a payment?    Public Speaking and Press Inquiries 
That depends. If you are representing Apple, 
you may not accept payment. If you are on 
your own time and are not representing Apple, 
you may be allowed to accept payment. Before 
accepting this type of opportunity, check with 
your manager, Human Resources, or the 
Business Conduct Helpline. 
   All public speaking engagements that relate to Appl e ’s business or products must be 
preapproved by your manager and Corporate Communica tions. If you receive approval to 
make a public presentation at a business meeting or  conference, you may not request or 
accept any form of personal compensation from the o rganization that requested the 
presentation. This does not prohibit accepting reim bursement for expenses, if approved by 
your manager. 
      
All inquiries from the press or the financial analy st community must be referred to Corporate 
Communications or the Investor Relations Department .  
   Publishing Articles  
   
If you author an article or other publication, do n ot identify yourself in the publication as an 
employee of Apple without prior approval from Corpo rate Communications. This could be 
viewed as an endorsement by Apple.  
What if I have a substance abuse issue?  
Help yourself and Apple by taking action. Talk 
to your Human Resources representative or, in 
the U.S., view information on the Employee 
Assistance Program.     Substance Abuse 
      
Employees are prohibited from manufacturing, distri buting, dispensing, possessing, using, or 
being under the influence of illegal drugs in the w orkplace. Use of alcohol or medications on 
the job or before work can cause safety issues, dam age customer relations, and hurt 
productivity and innovation. Use good judgment and keep in mind that you are expected to 
perform to your full ability when working for Apple . View Apple’s policy on Drugs in the 
Workplace.        
Taking Action  
   Business Conduct  
The way we do business worldwide  
July 2010     15 
   Your Obligation to Take Action  
   
Always apply Apple ’s principles of business conduct, follow Apple pol icies, and comply with 
laws and regulations. When you are unsure, take the  initiative to investigate the right course 
of action. Check with your manager, Human Resources , Legal, Internal Audit, or Finance, 
and review our policies on AppleWeb. If you would l ike to talk with someone outside your 
immediate area, consider contacting the Business Co nduct Helpline.  
   
If you know about a possible violation of Apple’s B usiness Conduct Policy or legal or 
regulatory requirements, you are required to notify  your manager (provided your manager is 
not involved in the violation), Human Resources, Le gal, Internal Audit, Finance, or the 
Business Conduct Helpline. Failure to do so may res ult in disciplinary action.  
   
Employees must cooperate fully in any Apple investi gation and must keep their knowledge 
and participation confidential to help safeguard th e integrity of the investigation.  
   
Business Conduct Helpline  
   
The Business Conduct Helpline is available 24/7 to all employees worldwide to help answer 
your questions on business conduct issues, policies , regulations, and compliance with legal 
requirements. It also allows you to advise Apple of  situations that may require investigation or 
management attention.  
   
The Business Conduct Helpline is committed to keepi ng your issues and identity confidential. 
If you would be more comfortable doing so, you may contact the Helpline anonymously. Your 
information will be shared only with those who have  a need to know, such as those involved 
in answering your questions or investigating and co rrecting issues you raise. Note that if your 
information involves accounting, finance, or auditi ng, the law may require that necessary 
information be shared with the Audit and Finance Co mmittee of Apple’s Board of Directors.  
   
Due to legal restrictions, anonymous use of the Bus iness Conduct Helpline is not encouraged 
in certain countries (e.g., France).  
   
Apple will not retaliate —and will not tolerate retaliation—against any indi vidual for their good-
faith use of the Business Conduct Helpline.  
   
Information on contacting the Business Conduct Help line—including via email, toll-free 
telephone, and web access —is available on AppleWeb.        
Additional Resources  
   Business Conduct  
The way we do business worldwide  
July 2010     16 
   Policies and References  
   
Alcohol in the Workplace  
   
Books and Publications  
   
Business Conduct Helpline  
   
Buying and Selling Stock: Blackout Periods  
   
Buying and Selling Stock: Insider Trading  
   
Community Affairs  
   
Confidential, Proprietary, and Trade Secret Informa tion  
   
Copyright Information  
   
Copyright Policy  
   
Corporate Identity Guidelines  
   
Customer Privacy Policy  
   
Diversity  
   
Employee Assistance Program (U.S. only)  
   
Environment+Safety  
   
Equal Employment Opportunity  
   
Export Control  
   
Foreign Corrupt Practices Act Policy  
   
Government Affairs     
      
Additional Resources  
   Business Conduct  
The way we do business worldwide  
July 2010     17 
   Policies and References (continued) 
   Harassment  
   
Information Security  
   
Intellectual Property  
   
Legal Department Contacts  
   
Mail and Electronic Communications  
   
Name and Logo Use Questions: corpID@apple.com  
   
Nondisclosure and Confidentiality Agreements  
   
Open Communication  
   
Open Source Software  
   
Outside Business Activities  
   
Patent Information  
   
Patent Policy  
   
Personal Relationships  
   
Political Compliance  
   
Procurement  
   
Reasonable Accommodation  
   
Records Management  
   
Safe Harbor Privacy Policy  
   
Standards Legal Policy  
   
Trademarks  
   
Travel Policy  
      
   
   
2010 Apple Inc. All rights reserved. Apple, the App le logo, iPhone, iPad, and iTunes are trademarks of  Apple Inc., 
registered in the U.S. and other countries. AppleCa re is a service mark of Apple Inc., registered in t he U.S. and other 
countries.  ©    
Exhibit 21.1 
SUBSIDIARIES OF  
APPLE INC.*  
   
     Jurisdiction  
of Incorporation 
Apple Sales International     Ireland 
Apple Operations International     Ireland 
Braeburn Capital, Inc.     Nevada, U.S. 
  
* Pursuant to Item 601(b)(21)(ii) of Regulation S -K, the names of other subsidiaries of Apple Inc. ar e omitted because, considered in the 
aggregate, they would not constitute a significant subsidiary as of the end of the year covered by thi s report.     
Exhibit 23.1 
Consent of Ernst & Young LLP, Independent Registere d Public Accounting Firm  
We consent to the incorporation by reference in the  Registration Statements on Forms S-8 (Nos. 333-612 76, 333-75930, 333-102184, 333-
125148, 333-146026, 333-165214, and 333- 168279) of Apple Inc. of our reports dated October 27, 2010, with respect to the consolidated 
financial statements of Apple Inc., and the effecti veness of internal control over financial reporting  of Apple Inc., included in this Annual Report 
on Form 10-K for the year ended September 25, 2010.   
/s/ Ernst & Young LLP  
San Jose, California  
October 27, 2010     
Exhibit 23.2 
Consent of KPMG LLP, Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm  
The Board of Directors  
Apple Inc.:  
We consent to the incorporation by reference in the  registration statement on Form S-8 (Nos. 333-61276 , 333-75930, 333-102184, 333- 125148, 
333-146026, 333-165214, and 333- 168279) of Apple Inc. of our report dated November 4, 2008, except as to note 1, which is as of Januar y 25, 
2010, with respect to the consolidated statements o f operations, shareholders’ equity, and cash flows for the year ended September  27, 2008, and 
all related financial statement schedules, which re port appears in the September 25, 2010 annual repor t on Form 10-K of Apple Inc.  
As discussed in note 1, the consolidated financial statements for the year ended September 27, 2008 ha ve been restated to give effect to the 
retrospective adoption of the Financial Accounting Standards Board’ s amended accounting standards related to revenue r ecognition for 
arrangements with multiple deliverables and arrange ments that include software elements.  
/s/ KPMG LLP  
Mountain View, California  
October 27, 2010     
Exhibit 31.1 
CERTIFICATIONS  
I, Steven P. Jobs, certify that:  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
Date: October 27, 2010  1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10 -K of Apple Inc.;  
2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain  any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to  state a material fact necessary to 
make the statements made, in light of the circumsta nces under which such statements were made, not mis leading with respect to the period 
covered by this report;  
3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, an d other financial information included in this repo rt, fairly present in all material 
respects the financial condition, results of operat ions and cash flows of the registrant as of, and fo r, the periods presented in this report;  
4. The registrant ’s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible  for establishing and maintaining disclosure contro ls and procedures (as 
defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d- 15(e)) and internal control over financial reportin g (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 
13a -15(f) and 15d -15(f)) for the registrant and have:  
  (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, o r caused such disclosure controls and procedures to  be designed under our 
supervision, to ensure that material information re lating to the registrant, including its consolidate d subsidiaries, is made known to us 
by others within those entities, particularly durin g the period in which this report is being prepared ;  
  (b) Designed such internal control over financial repor ting, or caused such internal control over financia l reporting to be designed under 
our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance re garding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial 
statements for external purposes in accordance with  generally accepted accounting principles;  
  (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant ’s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about 
the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and pr ocedures, as of the end of the period covered by th is report based on such 
evaluation; and  
  (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the regi strant’s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant’ s 
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant’ s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual re port) that has materially affected, or is 
reasonably likely to materially affect, the registr ant ’s internal control over financial reporting; and  
5. The registrant ’s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed,  based on our most recent evaluation of internal co ntrol over financial 
reporting, to the registrant’s auditors and the aud it committee of the registrant’ s board of directors (or persons performing the equ ivalent 
functions):  
  (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesse s in the design or operation of internal control ov er financial reporting which are 
reasonably likely to adversely affect the registran t ’s ability to record, process, summarize, and report  financial information; and  
  (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves m anagement or other employees who have a significant  role in the registrant ’s 
internal control over financial reporting.  
By:   /s/  Steven P. Jobs       
  Steven P. Jobs 
  Chief Executive Officer    
Exhibit 31.2 
CERTIFICATIONS  
I, Peter Oppenheimer, certify that:  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
Date: October 27, 2010  1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10 -K of Apple Inc.;  
2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain  any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to  state a material fact necessary to 
make the statements made, in light of the circumsta nces under which such statements were made, not mis leading with respect to the period 
covered by this report;  
3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, an d other financial information included in this repo rt, fairly present in all material 
respects the financial condition, results of operat ions and cash flows of the registrant as of, and fo r, the periods presented in this report;  
4. The registrant ’s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible  for establishing and maintaining disclosure contro ls and procedures (as 
defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d- 15(e)) and internal control over financial reportin g (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 
13a -15(f) and 15d -15(f)) for the registrant and have:  
  (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, o r caused such disclosure controls and procedures to  be designed under our 
supervision, to ensure that material information re lating to the registrant, including its consolidate d subsidiaries, is made known to us 
by others within those entities, particularly durin g the period in which this report is being prepared ;  
  (b) Designed such internal control over financial repor ting, or caused such internal control over financia l reporting to be designed under 
our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance re garding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial 
statements for external purposes in accordance with  generally accepted accounting principles;  
  (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant ’s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about 
the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and pr ocedures, as of the end of the period covered by th is report based on such 
evaluation; and  
  (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the regi strant’s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant’ s 
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant’ s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual re port) that has materially affected, or is 
reasonably likely to materially affect, the registr ant ’s internal control over financial reporting; and  
5. The registrant ’s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed,  based on our most recent evaluation of internal co ntrol over financial 
reporting, to the registrant’s auditors and the aud it committee of the registrant’ s board of directors (or persons performing the equ ivalent 
functions):  
  (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesse s in the design or operation of internal control ov er financial reporting which are 
reasonably likely to adversely affect the registran t ’s ability to record, process, summarize, and report  financial information; and  
  (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves m anagement or other employees who have a significant  role in the registrant ’s 
internal control over financial reporting.  
By:   /s/  Peter Oppenheimer       
  Peter Oppenheimer 
  Senior Vice President, 
  Chief Financial Officer    
Exhibit 32.1 
CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER  
PURSUANT TO  
18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,  
AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO  
SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  
I, Steven P. Jobs, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. S ection 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes- Oxley Act of 2002, that the 
Annual Report of Apple Inc. on Form 10- K for the fiscal year ended September 25, 2010 full y complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) 
or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and  that information contained in such Form 10-K fairl y presents in all material respects the 
financial condition and results of operations of Ap ple Inc.  
October 27, 2010  
I, Peter Oppenheimer, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C . Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes- Oxley Act of 2002, that 
the Annual Report of Apple Inc. on Form 10-K for th e fiscal year ended September 25, 2010 fully compli es with the requirements of Section 13 
(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934  and that information contained in such Form 10- K fairly presents in all material respects the 
financial condition and results of operations of Ap ple Inc.  
October 27, 2010  
A signed original of this written statement require d by Section 906 has been provided to Apple Inc. an d will be retained by Apple Inc. and 
furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission  or its staff upon request.  By:   /s/  Steven P. Jobs         
  Steven P. Jobs 
  Chief Executive Officer 
By:   /s/  Peter Oppenheimer         
  Peter Oppenheimer 
  Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer 