      
UNITED STATES  
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  
Washington, D.C. 20549  
   
Form 10-K  
   
(Mark One)  
For the fiscal year ended September 24, 2011  
Or  
   
For the transition period from                             to                               
Commission file number: 000-10030  
   
APPLE INC.  
(Exact name of registrant as specified in its chart er)  
   
   
   
Registrant’s telephone number, including area code:  (408) 996-1010  
   
Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:  
   
Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None  
   
Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well- known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of th e Securities Act.  
Yes        No   /box2  
Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not req uired to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Sec tion 15(d) of the Act.  
Yes   /box2     No     
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) h as filed all reports required to be filed by Sectio n 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 193 4 during the preceding 12 months (or for 
such shorter period that the registrant was require d to file such reports), and (2) has been subject t o such filing requirements for the past 90 days.  
Yes        No   /box2  
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has s ubmitted electronically and posted on its corporate  Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File requ ired to be submitted and posted pursuant 
to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (§232.405 of this cha pter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such s horter period that the registrant was required to s ubmit and post such files).  
Yes        No   /box2  
Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S- K (section 229.405 of this chapter) is not containe d herein, and will not be contained, to the best 
of the registrant’s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference  in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K.   /box2  
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a no n-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company . See the definitions of “ large accelerated 
filer,” “accelerated filer” and “smaller reporting company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.  
   
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act) .  
Yes   /box2     No     
The aggregate market value of the voting and non-vo ting stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant , as of March 25, 2011, the last business day of th e Company’ s most recently completed 
second fiscal quarter, was approximately $322,921,0 00,000 based upon the closing price reported for su ch date on the NASDAQ Global Select Market. For pur poses of this disclosure, shares 
of common stock held by persons who hold more than 5% of the outstanding shares of common st ock and shares held by executive officers and direc tors of the registrant have been excluded 
because such persons may be deemed to be affiliates . This determination of executive officer or affili ate status is not necessarily a conclusive determin ation for other purposes.  
929,409,000 shares of Common Stock Issued and Outst anding as of October 14, 2011  
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE  
(1) Portions of the registrant’s definitive Proxy S tatement relating to its 2012 Annual Meeting of Sha reholders are incorporated by reference into Part I II of this Annual Report on Form 10- K 
where indicated. Such Proxy Statement will be filed  with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission w ithin 120 days after the end of the fiscal year to which this report relates.  
           
  
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF TH E SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934  
/box2 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) O F THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934  
  
  
California   94-2404110 
(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or or ganization)   (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
1 Infinite Loop  
Cupertino, California    95014 
(Address of principal executive offices)   (Zip Code) 
  
Common Stock, no par value   The NASDAQ Global Select Market 
(Title of class)   (Name of exchange on which registered) 
  
Large accelerated filer         Accelerated filer    /box2 
Non -accelerated filer    /box2    (Do not check if smaller reporting company)     Smaller Reporting Company    /box2 The Business section and other parts of this Annual  Report on Form 10-K (“Form 10-K”) contain forward- looking statements that involve risks 
and uncertainties. Many of the forward-looking stat ements are located in “Management’ s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition an d 
Results of Operations. ” Forward- looking statements provide current expectations of future events based on certain assumptions and incl ude any 
statement that does not directly relate to any hist orical or current fact. Forward- looking statements can also be identified by words such as 
“anticipates,” “believes,” “estimates,” “expects,” “intends,” “plans,” “predicts,” and similar terms. Forward- looking statements are not 
guarantees of future performance and the Company ’s actual results may differ significantly from the  results discussed in the forward- looking 
statements. Factors that might cause such differenc es include, but are not limited to, those discussed  in the subsection entitled “Risk Factors”
under Part I, Item 1A of this Form 10- K, which are incorporated herein by reference. The Company assumes no obligation to revise or update 
any forward-looking statements for any reason, exce pt as required by law.  
PART I  
   
Company Background  
Apple Inc. and its wholly-owned subsidiaries (colle ctively “Apple” or the “Company”) designs, manufactures and markets mobile 
communication and media devices, personal computers , and portable digital music players, and sells a v ariety of related software, services, 
peripherals, networking solutions, and third-party digital content and applications. The Company’s pro ducts and services include iPhone , iPad 
, Mac , iPod , Apple TV , a portfolio of consumer a nd professional software applications, the iOS and Mac OS X operating systems, 
iCloud , and a variety of accessory, service and support off erings. The Company also sells and delivers digital  content and applications through 
the iTunes Store , App Store , iBookstore , and Mac App Store. The Company sells its products  worldwide through its retail stores, online 
stores, and direct sales force, as well as through third-party cellular network carriers, wholesalers,  retailers, and value- added resellers. In 
addition, the Company sells a variety of third- party iPhone, iPad, Mac and iPod compatible product s, including application software, printers, 
storage devices, speakers, headphones, and various other accessories and peripherals, through its onli ne and retail stores. The Company sells to 
consumers, small and mid-sized businesses (“SMB”), and education, enterprise and government customers.  The Company’ s fiscal year is the 52 
or 53-week period that ends on the last Saturday of  September. Unless otherwise stated, all informatio n presented in this Form 10- K is based on 
the Company’s fiscal calendar. The Company is a Cal ifornia corporation established in 1977.  
Business Strategy  
The Company is committed to bringing the best user experience to its customers through its innovative hardware, software, peripherals, and 
services. The Company’ s business strategy leverages its unique ability to  design and develop its own operating systems, hard ware, application 
software, and services to provide its customers new  products and solutions with superior ease-of- use, seamless integration, and innovative 
design. The Company believes continual investment i n research and development and marketing and advert ising is critical to the development 
and sale of innovative products and technologies. A s part of its strategy, the Company continues to ex pand its platform for the discovery and 
delivery of third-party digital content and applica tions through the iTunes Store. As part of the iTun es Store, the Company’ s App Store and 
iBookstore allow customers to discover and download  applications and books through either a Mac or Win dows-based computer or through 
“iOS devices,” namely iPhone, iPad and iPod touch .  In January 2011, the Company opened the Mac App Sto re to allow customers to easily 
discover, download and install applications for the ir Macs. The Company also supports a community for the development of third- party software 
and hardware products and digital content that comp lement the Company’s offerings. The Company’ s strategy also includes expanding its 
distribution network to effectively reach more cust omers and provide them with a high-quality sales an d post-sales support experience.  
   
1  Item 1. Business 
® 
® ® ® ® ® 
® 
® SM SM 
® Consumer and Small and Mid-Sized Business  
The Company believes a high-quality buying experien ce with knowledgeable salespersons who can convey t he value of the Company’ s products 
and services greatly enhances its ability to attrac t and retain customers. The Company sells many of i ts products and resells third- party products 
in most of its major markets directly to consumers and businesses through its retail and online stores . The Company has also invested in 
programs to enhance reseller sales by placing high quality Apple fixtures, merchandising materials and  other resources within selected third-
party reseller locations. Through the Apple Premium  Reseller Program, certain third- party resellers focus on the Apple platform by prov iding a 
high level of product expertise, integration and su pport services.  
The Company’s retail stores are typically located a t high-traffic locations in quality shopping malls and urb an shopping districts. By operating its 
own stores and locating them in desirable high- traffic locations, the Company is better positioned  to ensure a high quality customer buying 
experience and attract new customers. The stores ar e designed to simplify and enhance the presentation  and marketing of the Company’ s 
products and related solutions. To that end, retail  store configurations have evolved into various siz es to accommodate market- specific demands. 
The Company believes providing direct contact with its customers is an effective way to demonstrate th e advantages of its products over those of 
its competitors. The stores employ experienced and knowledgeable personnel who provide product advice,  service and training. The stores offer 
a wide selection of third-party hardware, software,  and other accessories and peripherals that complem ent the Company’s products.  
Education  
Throughout its history, the Company has been commit ted to delivering solutions to help educators teach  and students learn. The Company 
believes effective integration of technology into c lassroom instruction can result in higher levels of  student achievement and has designed a 
range of products, services and programs to address  the needs of education customers. The Company also  supports mobile learning and real- time 
distribution and accessibility of education related  materials through iTunes U™, a platform that allow s students and teachers to share and 
distribute educational media online. The Company se lls its products to the education market through it s direct sales force, select third- party 
resellers and its online and retail stores.  
Enterprise and Government  
The Company also sells its hardware and software pr oducts to enterprise and government customers in ea ch of its geographic segments. The 
Company’ s products are deployed in these markets because of  their power, productivity, ease of use and the sim plicity of seamless integration 
into information technology environments. The Compa ny’s products are compatible with thousands of thir d-party business applications and 
services, and its tools enable the development and secure deployment of custom applications as well as  remote device administration.  
Business Organization  
The Company manages its business primarily on a geo graphic basis. Accordingly, the Company has determi ned that its reportable operating 
segments, which are generally based on the nature a nd location of its customers, consist of the Americ as, Europe, Japan, Asia- Pacific and Retail. 
The results of the Americas, Europe, Japan and Asia -Pacific reportable segments do not include the resu lts of the Retail segment. The Americas 
segment includes both North and South America. The Europe segment includes European countries, as well  as the Middle East and Africa. The 
Asia-Pacific segment includes Australia and Asian countr ies, other than Japan. The Retail segment operates Apple retail stores worldwide. Each 
reportable operating segment provides similar hardw are and software products and similar services. Fur ther information regarding the 
Company’s operating segments may be found in Part I I, Item 7 of this Form 10-K under the subheading “S egment Operating Performance,” and 
in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K in Notes to Co nsolidated Financial Statements in Note 8, “Segment  Information and Geographic Data.”  
   
2  Products  
The Company offers a range of mobile communication and media devices, personal computing products, and  portable digital music players, as 
well as a variety of related software, services, pe ripherals, networking solutions and third- party hardware and software products. In addition, the 
Company offers its own software products, including  iOS, the Company’s proprietary mobile operating sy stem; Mac OS X, the Company’ s 
proprietary operating system software for the Mac; server software and application software for consum er, SMB, and education, enterprise and 
government customers. The Company’s primary product s are discussed below.  
iPhone  
iPhone combines a mobile phone, an iPod, and an Int ernet communications device in a single handheld pr oduct. Based on the Company’s Multi-
Touch™ user interface, iPhone features desktop- class email, web browsing, searching, and maps and is compatible with both Macs and 
Windows-based computers. iPhone automatically syncs  content from users’ iTunes libraries, as well as contacts, bookmarks, a nd email 
accounts. iPhone allows customers to access the iTu nes Store to download audio and video files, as wel l as a variety of other digital content and 
applications. In October 2011, the Company launched  iPhone 4S, its latest version of iPhone, which inc ludes Siri™, a voice activated intelligent 
assistant. In addition to the Company’s own iPhone accessories, third-party iPhone compatible accessor ies are available through the Company’ s 
online and retail stores and from third parties.  
iPad  
iPad is a multi- purpose mobile device for browsing the web, reading  and sending email, viewing photos, watching videos , listening to music, 
playing games, reading e-books and more. iPad is ba sed on the Company’s Multi- Touch technology and allows customers to connect wi th their 
applications and content in a more interactive way.  iPad allows customers to access the iTunes Store t o download audio and video files, as well 
as a variety of other digital content and applicati ons. In March 2011, the Company introduced iPad 2, its second- generation iPad. In addition to 
the Company’s own iPad accessories, third-party iPa d compatible accessories are available through the Company’ s online and retail stores and 
from third parties.  
Mac Hardware Products  
The Company offers a range of personal computing pr oducts including desktop and portable computers, re lated devices and peripherals, and 
third-party hardware products. The Company’ s Mac desktop and portable systems feature Intel mi croprocessors, the Mac OS X Lion operating 
system and the iLife suite of software for creation  and management of digital photography, music, movi es, DVDs and websites.  
The Company’s desktop computers include iMac , Mac Pro and Mac mini. The iMac desktop computer has an all-in-one design that 
incorporates a display, processor, graphics card, s torage, memory and other components inside a single  enclosure. The Mac Pro desktop 
computer is targeted at business and professional c ustomers and is designed to meet the performance, e xpansion, and networking needs of the 
most demanding Mac user. The Mac mini is a desktop computer in a compact enclosure.  
The Company’s portable computers include MacBook Pr o and MacBook Air . MacBook Pro is a portable computer designed for 
professionals and consumers. MacBook Air is an ultr a-slim portable computer designed for professionals  and consumers.  
iPod  
The Company’s iPod line of portable digital music a nd media players includes iPod touch, iPod nano , i Pod shuffle and iPod classic . All 
iPods work with iTunes. In addition to the Company’ s own iPod accessories, third- party iPod compatible accessories are available, th rough the 
Company’s online and retail stores or from third pa rties.  
   
3  ® 
® 
® ® 
® ® ® The iPod touch, based on iOS, is a flash-memory-bas ed iPod with a widescreen display and a Multi- Touch user interface. iPod touch allows 
customers to access the iTunes Store to download au dio and video content, as well as a variety of digi tal applications. The iPod nano is a flash-
memory-based iPod that features the Company’s Multi -Touch interface allowing customers to navigate thei r music collection by tapping or 
swiping the display. The iPod nano features a polis hed aluminum and glass enclosure with a built-in cl ip. The iPod shuffle is a flash-memory-
based iPod that features a clickable control pad to  control music playback and VoiceOver technology en abling customers to hear song titles, 
artists and playlist names. The iPod classic is a h ard-drive based portable digital music and video pl ayer.  
iTunes 
iTunes is an application that supports the purchase , download, organization and playback of digital au dio and video files and is available for both 
Mac and Windows-based computers. iTunes 10 is the l atest version of iTunes and features AirPlay wireless music playback, Genius Mixes, 
Home Sharing, and improved syncing functionality wi th iOS devices.  
iTunes is integrated with the iTunes Store , a service that allows customers to discover, purcha se, rent, and download digital content and 
applications. The iTunes Store includes the App Sto re™ and iBookstore. The App Store allows customers to discover and download 
applications, and the iBookstore features electroni c books from major and independent publishers and a llows customers to preview and buy 
books for their iOS devices. Customers can access t he App Store through either a Mac or Windows- based computer or through an iOS device. 
The iBookstore is accessed through the iBooks appli cation on an iOS device.  
Mac App Store  
In January 2011, the Company opened the Mac App Sto re allowing customers to discover, download and ins tall applications for their Macs. The 
Mac App Store offers applications in education, gam es, graphics and design, lifestyle, productivity, u tilities and other categories. The 
Company’s Mac OS X operating system software and iL ife and iWork application software are also availab le on the Mac App Store.  
iCloud  
In October 2011, the Company launched iCloud, its n ew cloud service, which stores music, photos, appli cations, contacts, calendars, and 
documents and wirelessly pushes them to multiple iO S devices, Macs and Windows-based computers. iCloud ’s features include iTunes in the 
Cloud, Photo Stream, Documents in the Cloud, Contac ts, Calendar, Mail, automatic downloads and purchas e history for applications and iBooks, 
and iCloud Backup. Users can sign up for free acces s to iCloud using a device running iOS 5 or a Mac r unning Mac OS X Lion.  
Software Products and Computer Technologies  
The Company offers a range of software products for  consumer, SMB, education, enterprise and governmen t customers, including the 
Company’ s proprietary iOS and Mac OS X operating system sof tware; server software; professional application so ftware; and consumer, 
education, and business oriented application softwa re.  
Operating System Software  
iOS  
iOS is the Company’ s mobile operating system that serves as the founda tion for iOS devices. In October 2011, the Company released iOS 5, 
which supports iCloud and includes new features suc h as Notification Center, a way to view and manage notifications in one place; iMessage™, 
a messaging service that allows users to send text messages, photos and videos between iOS devices; an d Newsstand, a way to purchase and 
organize newspaper and magazine subscriptions.  
   
4  ®  
® 
® 
® 
® Mac OS X  
Mac OS X, the operating system for Macs, is built o n an open-source UNIX- based foundation. Mac OS X Lion is the eighth major  release of 
Mac OS X and became available in July 2011. Mac OS X Lion includes support for new Multi-Touch gesture s; iCloud integration; system- wide 
support for full screen applications; Mission Contr ol™, a way to view everything running on a user’ s Mac; the Mac App Store; Launchpad™, a 
new home for a user’s applications; and a redesigne d Mail application.  
Application Software  
iLife  
iLife ’11 is the latest version of the Company’s co nsumer-oriented digital lifestyle application suite includ ed with all Mac computers. iLife 
features iPhoto , iMovie , iDVD , GarageBand , and iWeb™. iPhoto is the Company’s consumer- oriented digital photo application and 
iMovie is the Company’s consumer-oriented digital v ideo editing software application. iDVD is the Comp any’s consumer- oriented software 
application that enables customers to turn iMovie f iles, QuickTime files, and digital pictures into in teractive DVDs. GarageBand is the 
Company’s consumer- oriented music creation application that allows cus tomers to play, record and create music. iWeb allow s customers to 
create online photo albums, blogs and podcasts, and  to customize websites using editing tools.  
iWork  
iWork ’09 is the latest version of the Company’ s integrated productivity suite designed to help us ers create, present, and publish documents, 
presentations, and spreadsheets. iWork ’09 includes  Pages ’09 for word processing and page layout, Key note ’09 for presentations, and 
Numbers ’09 for spreadsheets. The Company also has a Multi- Touch version of each iWork application designed sp ecifically for use on iOS 
devices.  
Other Application Software  
The Company also sells various other application so ftware, including Final Cut Pro , Logic Studio , Logic Express 9, Logic Studio Pro, 
and its FileMaker Pro database software.  
Displays & Peripheral Products  
The Company manufactures the Apple LED Cinema Displ ay™ and Thunderbolt Display. The Company also sells  a variety of Apple- branded 
and third-party Mac-compatible and iOS- compatible peripheral products, including printers,  storage devices, computer memory, digital video 
and still cameras, and various other computing prod ucts and supplies.  
Apple TV  
Apple TV allows customers to watch movies and telev ision shows on their high definition television. Co ntent from iTunes, Netflix, YouTube, 
and Flickr as well as music, photos, videos, and po dcasts from a Mac or Windows- based computer can also be wirelessly streamed to a  
television through Apple TV. With the release of iC loud in October 2011, content purchased on Apple TV  can be re- downloaded on iOS 
devices.  
Product Support and Services  
AppleCare offers a range of support options for the  Company’ s customers. These options include assistance that is built into software products, 
printed and electronic product manuals, online supp ort including comprehensive product information as well as technical assistance, and the 
AppleCare Protection Plan (“APP”). APP is a fee- based service that typically includes two to three years of phone support and hardware repairs 
and dedicated web-based support resources.  
   
5  ® ® ® ® 
® ® 
® 
® ® ® ® 
® 
® Markets and Distribution  
The Company’ s customers are primarily in the consumer, SMB, and  education, enterprise and government markets. The Company uses a variety 
of direct and indirect distribution channels, such as its retail stores, online stores, and direct sal es force, and third- party cellular network carriers, 
wholesalers, retailers, and value- added resellers. The Company believes that sales of  its innovative and differentiated products are enh anced by 
knowledgeable salespersons who can convey the value  of the hardware and software integration, and demo nstrate the unique solutions that are 
available on its products. The Company further beli eves providing direct contact with its targeted cus tomers is an effective way to demonstrate 
the advantages of its products over those of its co mpetitors and providing a high-quality sales and af ter-sales support experience is critical to 
attracting new and retaining existing customers. To  ensure a high- quality buying experience for its products in which  service and education are 
emphasized, the Company continues to expand and imp rove its distribution capabilities by expanding the  number of its own retail stores 
worldwide. Additionally, the Company has invested i n programs to enhance reseller sales by placing hig h quality Apple fixtures, merchandising 
materials and other resources within selected third -party reseller locations. Through the Apple Premiu m Reseller Program, certain third- party 
resellers focus on the Apple platform by providing a high level of integration and support services, a nd product expertise.  
No single customer accounted for more than 10% of n et sales in 2011 or 2010. One of the Company ’s customers accounted for 11% of net sales 
in 2009.  
Competition  
The markets for the Company’ s products and services are highly competitive and the Company is confronted by aggressive competition  in all 
areas of its business. These markets are characteri zed by frequent product introductions and rapid tec hnological advances that have substantially 
increased the capabilities and use of mobile commun ication and media devices, personal computers, and other digital electronic devices. The 
Company’ s competitors who sell mobile devices and personal computers based on other operating systems have agg ressively cut prices and 
lowered their product margins to gain or maintain m arket share. The Company’ s financial condition and operating results can be adversely 
affected by these and other industry- wide downward pressures on gross margins. Principal  competitive factors important to the Company inclu de 
price, product features, relative price/performance , product quality and reliability, design innovatio n, a strong third- party software and 
peripherals ecosystem, marketing and distribution c apability, service and support, and corporate reput ation.  
The Company is focused on expanding its market oppo rtunities related to mobile communication and media  devices. These industries are highly 
competitive and include several large, well- funded and experienced participants. The Company ex pects competition in these industries to 
intensify significantly as competitors attempt to i mitate some of the features of the Company’ s products and applications within their own 
products or, alternatively, collaborate with each o ther to offer solutions that are more competitive t han those they currently offer. These 
industries are characterized by aggressive pricing practices, frequent product introductions, evolving  design approaches and technologies, rapid 
adoption of technological and product advancements by competitors, and price sensitivity on the part o f consumers and businesses.  
The Company’ s digital content services have faced significant c ompetition from other companies promoting their own  digital music and content 
products and services, including those offering fre e peer-to- peer music and video services. The Company believes  it offers superior innovation 
and integration of the entire solution including th e hardware (iPhone, iPad, Mac, and iPod), software (iTunes), and distribution of digital content 
and applications (iTunes Store, App Store, iBooksto re and Mac App Store). Some of the Company’ s current and potential competitors have 
substantial resources and may be able to provide su ch products and services at little or no profit or even at a loss to compete with the Company’ s 
offerings.  
The Company’s future financial condition and operat ing results depend on the Company’ s ability to continue to develop and offer new 
innovative products and services in each of the mar kets it competes in.  
   
6  Supply of Components  
Although most components essential to the Company’ s business are generally available from multiple so urces, a number of components are 
currently obtained from single or limited sources, which subjects the Company to significant supply an d pricing risks. Many components are at 
times subject to industry- wide shortages and significant commodity pricing fl uctuations. In addition, the Company has entered in to various 
agreements for the supply of components; however th ere can be no guarantee that the Company will be ab le to extend or renew these agreements 
on similar terms, or at all. Therefore, the Company  remains subject to significant risks of supply sho rtages and price increases that can materially 
adversely affect its financial condition and operat ing results.  
The Company and other participants in the mobile co mmunication and media device, and personal computer  industries compete for various 
components with other industries that have experien ced increased demand for their products. The Compan y also uses some custom components 
that are not common to the rest of these industries , and new products introduced by the Company often utilize custom components available 
from only one source. When a component or product u ses new technologies, initial capacity constraints may exist until the suppliers’ yields have 
matured or manufacturing capacity has increased. If  the Company’ s supply of components for a new or existing produc t were delayed or 
constrained, or if a key manufacturing vendor delay ed shipments of completed products to the Company, the Company’ s financial condition and 
operating results could be materially adversely aff ected. The Company’ s business and financial performance could also be materially adversely 
affected depending on the time required to obtain s ufficient quantities from the original source, or t o identify and obtain sufficient quantities 
from an alternative source. Continued availability of these components at acceptable prices, or at all , may be affected if those suppliers 
concentrated on the production of common components  instead of components customized to meet the Compa ny’s requirements.  
Substantially all of the Company’ s hardware products are manufactured by outsourcing  partners primarily located in Asia. A significant 
concentration of this manufacturing is currently pe rformed by a small number of outsourcing partners, often in single locations. Certain of these 
outsourcing partners are the sole-sourced suppliers  of components and manufacturer for many of the Com pany’s products. Although the 
Company works closely with its outsourcing partners  on manufacturing schedules, the Company’ s operating results could be adversely affected 
if its outsourcing partners were unable to meet the ir production commitments. The Company’ s purchase commitments typically cover the 
Company’s requirements for periods up to 150 days.  
Research and Development  
Because the industries in which the Company compete s are characterized by rapid technological advances , the Company’ s ability to compete 
successfully depends heavily upon its ability to en sure a continual and timely flow of competitive pro ducts, services and technologies to the 
marketplace. The Company continues to develop new t echnologies to enhance existing products and to exp and the range of its product offerings 
through research and development, licensing of inte llectual property and acquisition of third- party businesses and technology. Total research and  
development expense was $2.4 billion, $1.8 billion and $1.3 billion in 2011, 2010 and 2009, respective ly.  
Patents, Trademarks, Copyrights and Licenses  
The Company currently holds rights to patents and c opyrights relating to certain aspects of its iPhone , iPad, Mac and iPod devices, peripherals, 
software and services. The Company has registered o r has applied for trademarks and service marks in t he U.S. and a number of foreign 
countries. Although the Company believes the owners hip of such patents, copyrights, trademarks and ser vice marks is an important factor in its 
business and that its success does depend in part o n the ownership thereof, the Company relies primari ly on the innovative skills, technical 
competence and marketing abilities of its personnel .  
   
7  The Company regularly files patent applications to protect inventions arising from its research and de velopment, and is currently pursuing 
thousands of patent applications around the world. Over time, the Company has accumulated a large port folio of issued patents in the U.S. and 
worldwide. The Company holds copyrights relating to  certain aspects of its products and services. No s ingle patent or copyright is solely 
responsible for protecting the Company’ s products. The Company believes the duration of it s patents is adequate relative to the expected live s of 
its products. Due to the fast pace of innovation an d product development, the Company’ s products are often obsolete before the patents re lated to 
them expire, and sometimes are obsolete before the patents related to them are even granted.  
Many of the Company’ s products are designed to include intellectual pro perty obtained from third parties. While it may be necessary in the 
future to seek or renew licenses relating to variou s aspects of its products and business methods, bas ed upon past experience and industry 
practice, the Company believes such licenses genera lly could be obtained on commercially reasonable te rms; however, there is no guarantee that 
such licenses could be obtained at all. Because of technological changes in the industries in which th e Company competes, current extensive 
patent coverage, and the rapid rate of issuance of new patents, it is possible that certain components  of the Company’ s products and business 
methods may unknowingly infringe existing patents o r intellectual property rights of others. From time  to time, the Company has been notified 
that it may be infringing certain patents or other intellectual property rights of third parties.  
Foreign and Domestic Operations and Geographic Data   
The U.S. represents the Company’s largest geographi c market. Approximately 39% of the Company’ s net sales in 2011 came from sales to 
customers inside the U.S. Final assembly of the Com pany’s products is currently performed in the Compa ny’s manufacturing facility in Ireland, 
and by outsourcing partners, primarily located in A sia. The supply and manufacture of a number of comp onents is performed by sole- sourced 
outsourcing partners in the U.S., Asia and Europe. Single-sourced outsourcing partners in Asia perform final assembly of substantially all of the 
Company’s hardware products. Margins on sales of th e Company’ s products in foreign countries, and on sales of pr oducts that include 
components obtained from foreign suppliers, can be adversely affected by foreign currency exchange rat e fluctuations and by international trade 
regulations, including tariffs and antidumping pena lties. Information regarding financial data by geog raphic segment is set forth in Part II, Item 7 
and Item 8 of this Form 10-K and in Notes to Consol idated Financial Statements in Note 8, “Segment Inf ormation and Geographic Data.”  
Seasonal Business  
The Company has historically experienced increased net sales in its first fiscal quarter compared to o ther quarters in its fiscal year due to 
increased holiday seasonal demand. This historical pattern should not be considered a reliable indicat or of the Company’ s future net sales or 
financial performance.  
Warranty  
The Company offers a limited parts and labor warran ty on most of its hardware products. The basic warr anty period is typically one year from 
the date of purchase by the original end-user. The Company also offers a 90-day basic warranty for its  service parts used to repair the Company’ s 
hardware products. In addition, consumers may purch ase the APP, which extends service coverage on many  of the Company’ s hardware 
products in most of its major markets.  
Backlog  
In the Company’ s experience, the actual amount of product backlog at any particular time is not a meaningful indicati on of its future business 
prospects. In particular, backlog often increases i n anticipation of or immediately following new prod uct introductions as customers anticipate 
shortages. Backlog is often reduced once customers  
   
8  believe they can obtain sufficient supply. Because of the foregoing, backlog should not be considered a reliable indicator of the Company’ s 
ability to achieve any particular level of revenue or financial performance.  
Employees  
As of September 24, 2011, the Company had approxima tely 60,400 full-time equivalent employees and an a dditional 2,900 full- time equivalent 
temporary employees and contractors.  
Available Information  
The Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly  Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8- K, and amendments to reports filed 
pursuant to Sections 13(a) and 15(d) of the Securit ies Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (“Exchange Act ”), are filed with the U.S. Securities 
and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”). Such reports and other information filed by the Com pany with the SEC are available free of charge on 
the Company’s website at www.apple.com/investor when such reports are available on the SEC website.  The public may read and copy any 
materials filed by the Company with the SEC at the SEC’s Public Reference Room at 100 F Street, NE, Room 1 580, Washington, DC 20549. 
The public may obtain information on the operation of the Public Reference Room by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC- 0330. The SEC maintains 
an Internet site that contains reports, proxy and i nformation statements and other information regardi ng issuers that file electronically with the 
SEC at www.sec.gov . The contents of these websites are not incorporat ed into this filing. Further, the Company’ s references to the URLs for 
these websites are intended to be inactive textual references only.  
   
Because of the following factors, as well as other factors affecting the Company’ s financial condition and operating results, past f inancial 
performance should not be considered to be a reliab le indicator of future performance, and investors s hould not use historical trends to anticipate 
results or trends in future periods.  
Global economic conditions could materially adverse ly affect the Company.  
The Company’ s operations and performance depend significantly o n worldwide economic conditions. Uncertainty about global economic 
conditions poses a risk as consumers and businesses  postpone spending in response to tighter credit, u nemployment, negative financial news 
and/or declines in income or asset values, which co uld have a material negative effect on demand for t he Company’ s products and services. 
Demand also could differ materially from the Compan y’s expectations because the Company generally raises  prices on goods and services sold 
outside the U.S. to offset the effect of a strength ening of the U.S. dollar. Other factors that could influence demand include increases in fuel and 
other energy costs, conditions in the real estate a nd mortgage markets, unemployment, labor and health care costs, access to credit, consumer 
confidence, and other macroeconomic factors affecti ng consumer spending behavior. These and other econ omic factors could materially 
adversely affect demand for the Company’s products and services and the Company’s financial condition and operating results.  
In the event of financial turmoil affecting the ban king system and financial markets, additional conso lidation of the financial services industry, or 
significant financial service institution failures,  there could be a new or incremental tightening in the credit markets, low liquidity, and extreme 
volatility in fixed income, credit, currency, and e quity markets. This could have a number of effects on the Company’ s business, including the 
insolvency or financial instability of outsourcing partners or suppliers or their inability to obtain credit to finance development and/or 
manufacture products resulting in product delays; i nability of customers, including channel partners, to obtain credit to finance purchases of the 
Company’ s products; and failure of derivative counterpartie s and other financial institutions. Other income an d expense also could vary 
materially from expectations depending on gains or losses realized on the sale or exchange of financia l instruments; impairment charges 
resulting from revaluations of debt and equity secu rities and other investments; interest rates; cash balances; and  
   
9  Item 1A. Risk Factors changes in fair value of derivative instruments. In creased volatility in the financial markets and ove rall economic uncertainty would increase the 
risk of the actual amounts realized in the future o n the Company’ s financial instruments differing significantly fro m the fair values currently 
assigned to them.  
Global markets for the Company’ s products and services are highly competitive and subject to rapid technological change. If the Compa ny is 
unable to compete effectively in these markets, its  financial condition and operating results could be  materially adversely affected.  
The Company’ s products and services compete in highly competiti ve global markets characterized by aggressive price  cutting, with resulting 
downward pressure on gross margins, frequent introd uction of new products, short product life cycles, evolving industry standards, continual 
improvement in product price/performance characteri stics, rapid adoption of technological and product advancements by competitors, and price 
sensitivity on the part of consumers.  
The Company’ s ability to compete successfully depends heavily o n its ability to ensure a continuing and timely int roduction of innovative new 
products and technologies to the marketplace. The C ompany believes it is unique in that it designs and  develops nearly the entire solution for its 
products, including the hardware, operating system,  numerous software applications, and related servic es. As a result, the Company must make 
significant investments in research and development  and as such, the Company currently holds a signifi cant number of patents and copyrights 
and has registered and/or has applied to register n umerous patents, trademarks and service marks. By c ontrast, many of the Company’ s 
competitors seek to compete primarily through aggre ssive pricing and very low cost structures. If the Company is unable to continue to develop 
and sell innovative new products with attractive ma rgins or if other companies infringe on the Company ’s intellectual property, the Company’ s 
ability to maintain a competitive advantage could b e negatively affected and its financial condition a nd operating results could be materially 
adversely affected.  
The Company markets certain mobile communication an d media devices based on the iOS mobile operating s ystem and also markets related 
third-party digital content and applications. The Company  faces substantial competition in these markets fro m companies that have significant 
technical, marketing, distribution and other resour ces, as well as established hardware, software and digital content supplier relationships. 
Additionally, the Company faces significant price c ompetition as competitors reduce their selling pric es and attempt to imitate the Company’ s 
product features and applications within their own products or, alternatively, collaborate with each o ther to offer solutions that are more 
competitive than those they currently offer. The Co mpany also competes with illegitimate ways to obtai n third-party digital content and 
applications. The Company has entered the mobile co mmunications and media device markets, and some of its competitors in these markets 
have greater experience, product breadth and distri bution channels than the Company. Because some curr ent and potential competitors have 
substantial resources and/or experience and a lower  cost structure, they may be able to provide such p roducts and services at little or no profit or 
even at a loss. The Company also expects competitio n to intensify as competitors attempt to imitate th e Company’ s approach to providing these 
components seamlessly within their individual offer ings or work collaboratively to offer integrated so lutions. The Company’ s financial condition 
and operating results depend substantially on the C ompany’s ability to continually improve iOS and iOS device s in order to maintain their 
functional and design advantages.  
The Company is the only authorized maker of hardwar e using Mac OS X, which has a minority market share  in the personal computer market. 
This market is dominated by computer makers using c ompeting operating systems, most notably Windows. I n the market for personal computers 
and peripherals, the Company faces a significant nu mber of competitors, many of which have broader pro duct lines, lower priced products, and a 
larger installed customer base. Consolidation in th is market has resulted in larger and potentially st ronger competitors. Price competition has 
been particularly intense as competitors selling Wi ndows-based personal computers have aggressively cut pric es and lowered product margins. 
An increasing number of Internet devices that inclu de software applications and are smaller and simple r than traditional personal computers 
compete for market share with the Company’s existin g products. The Company’ s financial condition and operating results depend substantially 
on its ability to continually improve the Mac platf orm to maintain its functional and design advantage s.  
   
10  There can be no assurance the Company will be able to continue to provide products and services that c ompete effectively.  
To remain competitive and stimulate customer demand , the Company must successfully manage frequent pro duct introductions and transitions.  
Due to the highly volatile and competitive nature o f the industries in which the Company competes, the  Company must continually introduce 
new products, services and technologies, enhance ex isting products and services, and effectively stimu late customer demand for new and 
upgraded products. The success of new product intro ductions depends on a number of factors including b ut not limited to timely and successful 
product development, market acceptance, the Company ’s ability to manage the risks associated with new p roducts and production ramp issues, 
the availability of application software for new pr oducts, the effective management of purchase commit ments and inventory levels in line with 
anticipated product demand, the availability of pro ducts in appropriate quantities and costs to meet a nticipated demand, and the risk that new 
products may have quality or other defects in the e arly stages of introduction. Accordingly, the Compa ny cannot determine in advance the 
ultimate effect of new product introductions and tr ansitions on its financial condition and operating results.  
The Company faces substantial inventory and other a sset risk in addition to purchase commitment cancel lation risk.  
The Company records a write- down for product and component inventories that hav e become obsolete or exceed anticipated demand or n et 
realizable value and accrues necessary cancellation  fee reserves for orders of excess products and com ponents. The Company also reviews its 
long-lived assets for impairment whenever events or chan ged circumstances indicate the carrying amount of a n asset may not be recoverable. If 
the Company determines that impairment has occurred , it records a write- down equal to the amount by which the carrying valu e of the assets 
exceeds its fair market value. Although the Company  believes its provisions related to inventory, othe r assets and purchase commitments are 
currently adequate, no assurance can be given that the Company will not incur additional related charg es given the rapid and unpredictable pace 
of product obsolescence in the industries in which the Company competes. Such charges could materially  adversely affect the Company’ s 
financial condition and operating results.  
The Company must order components for its products and build inventory in advance of product announcem ents and shipments. Consistent with 
industry practice, components are normally acquired  through a combination of purchase orders, supplier  contracts, open orders and, where 
appropriate, inventory component prepayments, in ea ch case based on projected demand. Such purchase co mmitments typically cover forecasted 
component and manufacturing requirements for period s up to 150 days. Because the Company’ s markets are volatile, competitive and subject to 
rapid technology and price changes, there is a risk  the Company will forecast incorrectly and order or  produce excess or insufficient amounts of 
components or products, or not fully utilize firm p urchase commitments. The Company’ s financial condition and operating results have be en in 
the past and could be in the future materially adve rsely affected by the Company’s ability to manage i ts inventory levels and respond to short-
term shifts in customer demand patterns.  
Future operating results depend upon the Company ’s ability to obtain components in sufficient quant ities.  
Because the Company currently obtains components fr om single or limited sources, the Company is subjec t to significant supply and pricing 
risks. Many components that are available from mult iple sources are at times subject to industry- wide shortages and significant commodity 
pricing fluctuations. The Company has entered into various agreements for the supply of components; th ere can be no guarantee that the 
Company will be able to extend or renew these agree ments on similar terms, or at all. The follow- on effects from the credit crisis on the 
Company’s suppliers, referred to in “ Economic conditions could materially adversely affe ct the Company ” above, also could affect the 
Company’ s ability to obtain components. Therefore, the Comp any remains subject to significant risks of supply shortages and price increases 
that could materially adversely affect the Company’ s  
   
11  financial condition and operating results. The Comp any expects to experience decreases in its gross ma rgin percentage in future periods, as 
compared to levels achieved during 2011, largely du e to a higher mix of new and innovative products wi th flat or reduced pricing that have 
higher cost structures and deliver greater value to  customers, and potential future component cost and  other cost increases.  
The Company and other participants in the mobile co mmunication and media device, and personal computer  industries compete for various 
components with other industries that have experien ced increased demand for their products. The Compan y uses some custom components that 
are not common to the rest of these industries. The  Company’ s new products often utilize custom components avai lable from only one source. 
When a component or product uses new technologies, initial capacity constraints may exist until the su ppliers’ yields have matured or 
manufacturing capacity has increased. Continued ava ilability of these components at acceptable prices,  or at all, may be affected if those 
suppliers decided to concentrate on the production of common components instead of components customiz ed to meet the Company’ s 
requirements. If the supply of components for a new  or existing product were delayed or constrained, o r if a key manufacturing vendor delayed 
shipments of completed products to the Company, the  Company’s financial condition and operating results could be materially adversely 
affected.  
The Company depends on component and product manufa cturing and logistical services provided by outsour cing partners, many of whom are 
located outside of the U.S.  
Substantially all of the Company’ s manufacturing is performed in whole or in part by  a few outsourcing partners primarily located in As ia. The 
Company has also outsourced much of its transportat ion and logistics management. While these arrangeme nts may lower operating costs, they 
also reduce the Company’ s direct control over production and distribution. It is uncertain what effect such diminished control  will have on the 
quality or quantity of products or services, or the  Company’ s flexibility to respond to changing conditions. Al though arrangements with these 
partners may contain provisions for warranty expens e reimbursement, the Company may remain responsible  to the consumer for warranty 
service in the event of product defects. The Compan y also relies on its partners to adhere to the Comp any’s supplier code of conduct. Any 
unanticipated product defect or warranty liability,  whether pursuant to arrangements with outsourcing partners or otherwise, or material 
violations of the supplier code of conduct, could m aterially adversely affect the Company’s reputation , financial condition and operating results.  
The supply and manufacture of many critical compone nts is performed by sole- sourced outsourcing partners in the U.S., Asia and Europe. 
Single-sourced outsourcing partners in Asia perform  final assembly of substantially all of the Company ’s hardware products. If manufacturing or 
logistics in these locations is disrupted for any r eason including, but not limited to, natural and ma n-made disasters, information technology 
system failures, military actions or economic, busi ness, labor, environmental, public health, or polit ical issues, the Company’ s financial 
condition and operating results could be materially  adversely affected.  
The Company relies on third- party intellectual property and digital content, wh ich may not be available to the Company on commerci ally 
reasonable terms or at all.  
Many of the Company’s products include third- party intellectual property, which requires license s from those third parties. Based on past 
experience and industry practice, the Company belie ves such licenses generally could be obtained on re asonable terms. There is however no 
assurance that the necessary licenses could be obta ined on acceptable terms or at all. If the Company is unable to obtain or renew critical licenses 
on reasonable terms, its financial condition and op erating results may be materially adversely affecte d.  
The Company also contracts with third parties to of fer their digital content through the iTunes Store.  The licensing arrangements with these third 
parties are short-term and do not guarantee the con tinuation or renewal of these arrangements on reaso nable terms, if at all. Some third- party 
content providers currently or in the future may of fer competing products and services, and could take  action to make it more difficult or 
impossible for the  
   
12  Company to license their content in the future. Oth er content owners, providers or distributors may se ek to limit the Company’ s access to, or 
increase the cost of, such content. If the Company is unable to continue to offer a wide variety of co ntent at reasonable prices with acceptable 
usage rules, or continue to expand its geographic r each, the Company’ s financial condition and operating results may be materially adversely 
affected.  
Many third-party content providers require the Comp any to provide digital rights management (“DRM”) and other security solutions. If these 
requirements change, the Company may have to develo p or license new technology to provide these soluti ons. There is no assurance the 
Company will be able to develop or license such sol utions at a reasonable cost and in a timely manner.  In addition, certain countries have passed 
or may propose legislation that would force the Com pany to license its DRM, which could lessen the pro tection of content and subject it to 
piracy and also could affect arrangements with the Company’s content providers.  
The Company’s future results could be materially ad versely affected if it is found to have infringed o n intellectual property rights.  
Technology companies, including many of the Company ’s competitors, frequently enter into litigation bas ed on allegations of patent 
infringement or other violations of intellectual pr operty rights. In addition, patent holding companie s seek to monetize patents they have 
purchased or otherwise obtained. As the Company has  grown, the intellectual property rights claims aga inst it have increased and may continue 
to increase. In particular, the Company’ s cellular enabled products compete with mobile com munication and media device companies that hold 
significant patent portfolios, and the number of pa tent claims against the Company has significantly i ncreased. The Company is vigorously 
defending infringement actions in courts in a numbe r of U.S. jurisdictions and before the U.S. Interna tional Trade Commission, as well as 
internationally in Europe and Asia. The plaintiffs in these actions frequently seek injunctions and su bstantial damages.  
Regardless of the scope or validity of such patents  or the merits of any patent claims by potential or  actual litigants, the Company may have to 
engage in protracted litigation. If the Company is found to infringe one or more patents, it may be re quired to pay substantial damages. If there is 
a temporary or permanent injunction prohibiting the  Company from marketing or selling certain products  or a successful claim of infringement 
against the Company requiring it to pay royalties t o a third- party, its financial condition and operating result s could be materially adversely 
affected, regardless of whether it can develop non- infringing technology.  
In certain cases, the Company may consider the desi rability of entering into licensing agreements, alt hough no assurance can be given that such 
licenses can be obtained on acceptable terms or tha t litigation will not occur. These licenses may als o significantly increase the Company’ s 
operating expenses.  
In management’ s opinion there is not at least a reasonable possib ility the Company may have incurred a material loss , or a material loss in excess 
of a recorded accrual, with respect to loss conting encies, including matters related to infringement o f intellectual property rights. However, the 
outcome of litigation is inherently uncertain. Ther efore, although management considers the likelihood  of such an outcome to be remote, if one 
or more of these legal matters were resolved agains t the Company in the same reporting period for amou nts in excess of management’ s 
expectations, the Company’s consolidated financial statements of a particular reporting period could b e materially adversely affected.  
The Company’s future performance depends in part on  support from third-party software developers.  
The Company believes decisions by customers to purc hase its hardware products depend in part on the av ailability of third- party software 
applications and services. There is no assurance th at third-party developers will continue to develop and maint ain software applications and 
services for the Company’s products. If third-party  software applications and services cease to be dev eloped and maintained for the Company’ s 
products, customers may choose not to buy the Compa ny’s products, which could materially adversely aff ect the Company’ s financial condition 
and operating results.  
   
13  With respect to its Mac products, the Company belie ves the availability of third- party software applications and services depends in  part on the 
developers’ perception and analysis of the relative  benefits of developing, maintaining, and upgrading  such software for the Company’ s products 
compared to Windows- based products. This analysis may be based on facto rs such as the perceived strength of the Company an d its products, 
the anticipated revenue that may be generated, cont inued acceptance by customers of Mac OS X, and the costs of developing such applications 
and services. If the Company’s minority share of th e global personal computer market causes developers  to question the Company’ s prospects, 
developers could be less inclined to develop or upg rade software for the Company’ s products and more inclined to devote their resour ces to 
developing and upgrading software for the larger Wi ndows market.  
With respect to iOS devices, the Company relies on the continued availability and development of compe lling and innovative software 
applications, which are distributed through a singl e distribution channel, the App Store. The absence of multiple distribution channels, which are 
available for competing platforms, may limit the av ailability and acceptance of third-party applicatio ns by the Company’ s customers, thereby 
causing developers to reduce or curtail development  for the iOS platform. In addition, iOS devices are  subject to rapid technological change, 
and, if third-party developers are unable to or cho ose not to keep up with this pace of change, third- party applications might not successfully 
operate and may result in dissatisfied customers. A s with applications for the Company’ s Mac products, the availability and development of  
these applications also depend on developers’ perce ptions and analysis of the relative benefits of dev eloping software for the Company’ s 
products rather than its competitors’ products, including devices that use competing plat forms. If developers focus their efforts on these 
competing platforms, the availability and quality o f applications for the Company’s devices may suffer .  
The Company’s future operating performance depends on the performance of distributors, carriers and ot her resellers.  
The Company distributes its products through wholes alers, resellers, national and regional retailers, and value- added resellers, many of whom 
distribute products from competing manufacturers. T he Company also sells many of its products and thir d-party products in most of its major 
markets directly to education customers, cellular n etwork carriers’ distribution channels, resellers and consumers thro ugh its online and retail 
stores.  
Carriers providing cellular network service for iPh one typically subsidize users’ purchase of the device. There is no assurance that such subsidies 
will be continued at all or in the same amounts upo n renewal of the Company’ s agreements with these carriers or in agreements t he Company 
enters into with new carriers.  
Many resellers have narrow operating margins and ha ve been negatively affected in the past by weak eco nomic conditions. Some resellers have 
perceived the expansion of the Company’s direct sal es as conflicting with their business interests as distributors and resellers of the Company’ s 
products. Such a perception could discourage resell ers from investing resources in the distribution an d sale of the Company’ s products or lead 
them to limit or cease distribution of those produc ts. The Company has invested and will continue to i nvest in programs to enhance reseller sales, 
including staffing selected resellers’ stores with Company employees and contractors and i mproving product placement displays. These 
programs could require a substantial investment whi le providing no assurance of return or incremental revenue. The Company’ s financial 
condition and operating results could be materially  adversely affected if the financial condition of t hese resellers weakens, if resellers stopped 
distributing the Company’s products, or if uncertai nty regarding demand for the Company’ s products caused resellers to reduce their orderin g 
and marketing of the Company’s products.  
   
14  The Company’ s Retail business has required and will continue to  require a substantial investment and commitment of  resources and is subject to 
numerous risks and uncertainties.  
The Company’ s retail stores have required substantial fixed inv estment in equipment and leasehold improvements, in formation systems, 
inventory and personnel. The Company also has enter ed into substantial operating lease commitments for  retail space. Certain stores have been 
designed and built to serve as high- profile venues to promote brand awareness and serve  as vehicles for corporate sales and marketing acti vities. 
Because of their unique design elements, locations and size, these stores require substantially more i nvestment than the Company’ s more typical 
retail stores. Due to the high fixed cost structure  associated with the Retail segment, a decline in s ales or the closure or poor performance of 
individual or multiple stores could result in signi ficant lease termination costs, write- offs of equipment and leasehold improvements, and 
severance costs that could materially adversely aff ect the Company’s financial condition and operating  results.  
Many factors unique to retail operations, some of w hich are beyond the Company’ s control, pose risks and uncertainties that could materially 
adversely affect the Company’s financial condition and operating results. These risks and uncertaintie s include, but are not limited to, macro-
economic factors that could have a negative effect on general retail activity, as well as the Company’ s inability to manage costs associated with 
store construction and operation, inability to sell  third-party products at adequate margins, failure to mana ge relationships with its existing retail 
channel partners, more challenging environment in m anaging retail operations outside the U.S., costs a ssociated with unanticipated fluctuations 
in the value of retail inventory, and inability to obtain and renew leases in quality retail locations  at a reasonable cost.  
Investment in new business strategies and initiativ es could disrupt the Company ’s ongoing business and present risks not originally  
contemplated.  
The Company has invested, and in the future may inv est, in new business strategies or acquisitions. Su ch endeavors may involve significant risks 
and uncertainties, including distraction of managem ent from current operations, insufficient revenue t o offset liabilities assumed and expenses 
associated with the strategy, inadequate return of capital, and unidentified issues not discovered in the Company’ s due diligence. These new 
ventures are inherently risky and may not be succes sful. They may materially adversely affect the Comp any’s financial condition and operating 
results.  
The Company’s products and services experience qual ity problems from time to time that can result in d ecreased sales and operating margin.  
The Company sells complex hardware and software pro ducts and services that can contain design and manu facturing defects. Sophisticated 
operating system software and applications, such as  those sold by the Company, often contain “bugs” that can unexpectedly interfere with the 
software’s intended operation. The Company’ s online services may from time to time experience outages, service slowdowns, or errors. Defects 
may also occur in components and products the Compa ny purchases from third parties. There can be no as surance the Company will be able to 
detect and fix all defects in the hardware, softwar e and services it sells. Failure to do so could res ult in lost revenue, harm to reputation, and 
significant warranty and other expenses, and could have a material adverse impact on the Company’s fin ancial condition and operating results.  
The Company is subject to laws and regulations worl dwide, changes to which could increase the Company’ s costs and individually or in the 
aggregate materially adversely affect the Company’s  financial condition or operating results.  
The Company is subject to laws and regulations affe cting its domestic and international operations in a number of areas. These U.S. and foreign 
laws and regulations affect the Company’ s activities including, but not limited to, areas o f labor, advertising, content, consumer protection,  real 
estate, billing, e- commerce, promotions, quality of services, telecomm unications, mobile, television, intellectual proper ty ownership and 
infringement, tax,  
   
15  import and export requirements, anti-corruption, fo reign exchange controls and cash repatriation restr ictions, data privacy requirements, anti-
competition, environmental, health, and safety.  
By way of example, laws and regulations related to mobile communications and media devices in the many  jurisdictions in which the Company 
operates are extensive and subject to change. Such changes could include, among others, restrictions o n the production, manufacture, 
distribution, and use of the device, locking the de vice to a carrier’s network, or mandating the use o f the device on more than one carrier’ s 
network. These devices are also subject to certific ation and regulation by governmental and standardiz ation bodies, as well as by cellular 
network carriers for use on their networks. These c ertification processes are extensive and time consu ming, and could result in additional testing 
requirements, product modifications, delays in prod uct shipment dates, or preclude the Company from se lling certain products.  
Compliance with these laws, regulations and similar  requirements may be onerous and expensive, and the y may be inconsistent from jurisdiction 
to jurisdiction, further increasing the cost of com pliance. This increases the costs of doing business , and any such costs, which may rise in the 
future as a result of changes in these laws and reg ulations or in their interpretation could individua lly or in the aggregate make the Company’ s 
products and services less attractive to the Compan y’s customers, delay the introduction of new products  in one or more regions, cause the 
Company to change or limit its business practices, or affect the Company’ s financial condition and operating results. The Co mpany has 
implemented policies and procedures designed to ens ure compliance with these laws and regulations, but  there can be no assurance that the 
Company’s employees, contractors, or agents will no t violate such laws and regulations or the Company’ s policies. Any such violations could 
individually or in the aggregate materially adverse ly affect the Company’s financial condition or oper ating results.  
The Company’s success depends largely on the contin ued service and availability of key personnel.  
Much of the Company’ s future success depends on the continued availabil ity and service of key personnel, including its CEO , its executive team 
and highly skilled employees. Experienced personnel  in the technology industry are in high demand and competition for their talents is intense, 
especially in the Silicon Valley, where most of the  Company’s key personnel are located.  
Political events, war, terrorism, public health iss ues, natural disasters and other circumstances coul d materially adversely affect the Company.  
War, terrorism, geopolitical uncertainties, public health issues, and other business interruptions hav e caused and could cause damage or 
disruption to international commerce and the global  economy, and thus could have a strong negative eff ect on the Company, its suppliers, 
logistics providers, manufacturing vendors and cust omers, including channel partners. The Company’ s business operations are subject to 
interruption by natural disasters, fire, power shor tages, nuclear power plant accidents, terrorist att acks, and other hostile acts, labor disputes, 
public health issues, and other events beyond its c ontrol. Such events could decrease demand for the C ompany’s products, make it difficult or 
impossible for the Company to make and deliver prod ucts to its customers, including channel partners, or to receive components from its 
suppliers, and create delays and inefficiencies in the Company’ s supply chain. Should major public health issues, including pandemics, arise, the 
Company could be negatively affected by more string ent employee travel restrictions, additional limita tions in freight services, governmental 
actions limiting the movement of products between r egions, delays in production ramps of new products,  and disruptions in the operations of the 
Company’s manufacturing vendors and component suppl iers. The majority of the Company’ s research and development activities, its corporat e 
headquarters, information technology systems, and o ther critical business operations, including certai n component suppliers and manufacturing 
vendors, are in locations that could be affected by  natural disasters. In the event of a natural disas ter, losses, significant recovery time and 
substantial expenditures could be required to resum e operations and the Company’ s financial condition and operating results could b e materially 
adversely affected.  
   
16  Please also refer to the discussion of risks relate d to the March 11, 2011, Japan earthquake and tsuna mi and the recent flooding in Thailand in 
Part II, Item 7, “Management’s Discussion and Analy sis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation s,” under the subheading “ Japan 
Earthquake and Tsunami and Thailand Flooding,” whic h is incorporated herein by reference.  
The Company may be subject to information technolog y system failures or network disruptions that could  damage the Company’ s reputation, 
business operations, and financial conditions.  
The Company may be subject to information technolog y system failures and network disruptions. These ma y be caused by natural disasters, 
accidents, power disruptions, telecommunications fa ilures, acts of terrorism or war, computer viruses,  physical or electronic break- ins, or similar 
events or disruptions. System redundancy may be ine ffective or inadequate, and the Company’ s disaster recovery planning may not be sufficient 
for all eventualities. Such failures or disruptions  could prevent access to the Company’ s online stores and services, preclude retail store  
transactions, compromise Company or customer data, and result in delayed or cancelled orders. System f ailures and disruptions could also 
impede the manufacturing and shipping of products, delivery of online services, transactions processin g and financial reporting.  
The Company may be subject to breaches of its infor mation technology systems, which could damage the C ompany’s reputation, business 
partner and customer relationships, and access to o nline stores and services. Such breaches could subj ect the Company to significant 
reputational, financial, legal, and operational con sequences.  
The Company’s business requires it to use and store  customer, employee, and business partner personall y identifiable information (“PII”). This 
may include names, addresses, phone numbers, email addresses, contact preferences, tax identification numbers, and payment account 
information. Although malicious attacks to gain acc ess to PII affect many companies across various ind ustries, the Company may be at a 
relatively greater risk of being targeted because o f its high profile and the amount of PII managed.  
The Company requires user names and passwords in or der to access its information technology systems. T he Company also uses encryption and 
authentication technologies to secure the transmiss ion and storage of data. These security measures ma y be compromised as a result of third-
party security breaches, employee error, malfeasanc e, faulty password management, or other irregularit y, and result in persons obtaining 
unauthorized access to Company data or accounts. Th ird parties may attempt to fraudulently induce empl oyees or customers into disclosing user 
names, passwords or other sensitive information, wh ich may in turn be used to access the Company’ s information technology systems. To help 
protect customers and the Company, the Company moni tors accounts and systems for unusual activity and may freeze accounts under suspicious 
circumstances, which may result in the delay or los s of customer orders.  
The Company devotes significant resources to networ k security, data encryption, and other security mea sures to protect its systems and data, but 
these security measures cannot provide absolute sec urity. The Company may experience a breach of its s ystems and may be unable to protect 
sensitive data. Moreover, if a computer security br each affects the Company’ s systems or results in the unauthorized release of  PII, the 
Company’s reputation and brand could be materially damaged and use of the Company’ s products and services could decrease. The Company  
would also be exposed to a risk of loss or litigati on and possible liability, which could result in a material adverse effect on the Company’ s 
business, results of operations and financial condi tion.  
The Company’s business is subject to a variety of U .S. and international laws, rules, policies and oth er obligations regarding data protection.  
The Company is subject to federal, state and intern ational laws relating to the collection, use, reten tion, security and transfer of PII. In many 
cases, these laws apply not only to third- party transactions, but also to transfers of inform ation between the Company and its subsidiaries, and  
among the Company, its subsidiaries and other parti es with which the Company has commercial relations.  Several jurisdictions have passed new 
laws in this  
   
17  area, and other jurisdictions are considering impos ing additional restrictions. These laws continue to  develop and may be inconsistent from 
jurisdiction to jurisdiction. Complying with emergi ng and changing international requirements may caus e the Company to incur substantial costs 
or require the Company to change its business pract ices. Noncompliance could result in penalties or si gnificant legal liability.  
The Company’ s privacy policies and practices concerning the use  and disclosure of data are posted on its website. Any failure by the Company, 
its suppliers or other parties with whom the Compan y does business to comply with its posted privacy p olicies or with other federal, state or 
international privacy- related or data protection laws and regulations cou ld result in proceedings against the Company by gov ernmental entities or 
others, which could have a material adverse effect on the Company’s business, results of operations an d financial condition.  
The Company is also subject to payment card associa tion rules and obligations under its contracts with  payment card processors. Under these 
rules and obligations, if information is compromise d, the Company could be liable to payment card issu ers for the cost of associated expenses 
and penalties. In addition, if the Company fails to  follow payment card industry security standards, e ven if no customer information is 
compromised, the Company could incur significant fi nes or experience a significant increase in payment  card transaction costs.  
The Company expects its quarterly revenue and opera ting results to fluctuate.  
The Company’s profit margins vary among its product s and its distribution channels. The Company’ s software, accessories, and service and 
support contracts generally have higher gross margi ns than certain of the Company’s other products. Gr oss margins on the Company’ s hardware 
products vary across product lines and can change o ver time as a result of product transitions, pricin g and configuration changes, and 
component, warranty, and other cost fluctuations. T he Company’ s direct sales generally have higher associated gro ss margins than its indirect 
sales through its channel partners. In addition, th e Company’ s gross margin and operating margin percentages, as  well as overall profitability, 
may be materially adversely impacted as a result of  a shift in product, geographic or channel mix, new  products, component cost increases, 
strengthening U.S. dollar, or price competition. Th e Company has typically experienced greater net sal es in the first fiscal quarter compared to 
other fiscal quarters due to increased holiday seas onal demand. Furthermore, the Company sells more pr oducts from time-to- time during the 
third month of a quarter than it does during either  of the first two months. Developments late in a qu arter, such as lower-than- anticipated demand 
for the Company’s products, issues with new product  introductions, an internal systems failure, or fai lure of one of the Company’ s logistics, 
components supply, or manufacturing partners, could  have a material adverse impact on the Company’ s financial condition and operating results. 
The Company’s stock price is subject to volatility.   
The Company’ s stock continues to experience substantial price v olatility. Additionally, the stock market as a whol e has experienced extreme 
price and volume fluctuations that have affected th e stock price of many technology companies in ways that may have been unrelated to these 
companies’ operating performance. The Company believes its sto ck price reflects high future growth and profitabil ity expectations. If the 
Company fails to meet these expectations its stock price may significantly decline, which could have a  material adverse impact on investor 
confidence and employee retention.  
The Company’s business is subject to the risks of i nternational operations.  
The Company derives a significant portion of its re venue and earnings from its international operation s. Compliance with applicable U.S. and 
foreign laws and regulations, such as import and ex port requirements, anti- corruption laws, tax laws, foreign exchange control s and cash 
repatriation restrictions, data privacy requirement s, environmental laws, labor laws, and anti- competition regulations, increases the costs of doi ng 
business in foreign jurisdictions. Although the Com pany has implemented policies and procedures to com ply with these laws and  
   
18  regulations, a violation by the Company’ s employees, contractors, or agents could neverthel ess occur. The consequences of such violations coul d 
individually or in the aggregate materially adverse ly affect the Company’s financial condition or oper ating results.  
The Company’ s financial condition and operating results also co uld be significantly affected by other risks associ ated with international 
activities including, but not limited to, economic and labor conditions, increased duties, taxes and o ther costs, political instability, and changes in 
the value of the U.S. dollar versus local currencie s. Margins on sales of the Company’ s products in foreign countries, and on sales of pr oducts 
that include components obtained from foreign suppl iers, could be materially adversely affected by for eign currency exchange rate fluctuations 
and by international trade regulations, including d uties, tariffs and antidumping penalties. The Compa ny is also exposed to credit and 
collectability risk on its trade receivables with c ustomers in certain international markets. There ca n be no assurance it can effectively limit its 
credit risk and avoid losses, which could materiall y adversely affect the Company’s financial conditio n and operating results.  
The Company’s primary exposure to movements in fore ign currency exchange rates relate to non- U.S. dollar denominated sales and operating 
expenses worldwide. Weakening of foreign currencies  relative to the U.S. dollar will adversely affect the U.S. dollar value of the Company’ s 
foreign currency- denominated sales and earnings, and generally will lead the Company to raise international pricing, po tentially reducing 
demand for the Company’ s products. In some circumstances, due to competiti on or other reasons, the Company may decide not to raise local 
prices to the full extent of the dollar’s strengthe ning, or at all, which would adversely affect the U .S. dollar value of the Company’ s foreign 
currency denominated sales and earnings. Conversely , a strengthening of foreign currencies, while gene rally beneficial to the Company’ s foreign 
currency- denominated sales and earnings, could cause the Com pany to reduce international pricing and incur loss es on its foreign currency 
derivative instruments, thereby limiting the benefi t. Additionally, strengthening of foreign currencie s may also increase the Company’ s cost of 
product components denominated in those currencies,  thus adversely affecting gross margins.  
The Company has used derivative instruments, such a s foreign currency forward and option contracts, to  hedge certain exposures to fluctuations 
in foreign currency exchange rates. The use of such  hedging activities may not offset any or more than  a portion of the adverse financial effects 
of unfavorable movements in foreign exchange rates over the limited time the hedges are in place.  
The Company is exposed to credit risk and fluctuati ons in the market values of its investment portfoli o.  
Although the Company has not recognized any signifi cant losses to date on its cash, cash equivalents a nd marketable securities, any significant 
declines in their market values could materially ad versely affect the Company’ s financial condition and operating results. Given the global 
nature of its business, the Company has both domest ic and international investments. Credit ratings an d pricing of these investments can be 
negatively affected by liquidity, credit deteriorat ion, financial results, economic risk, political ri sk, sovereign risk or other factors. As a result, t he 
value and liquidity of the Company’ s cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities could decline and result in a significant impairmen t, 
which could materially adversely affect the Company ’s financial condition and operating results.  
The Company is exposed to credit risk on its trade accounts receivable, vendor non-trade receivables a nd prepayments related to long- term 
supply agreements. This risk is heightened during p eriods when economic conditions worsen.  
The Company distributes its products through third- party cellular network carriers, wholesalers, retai lers and value- added resellers. A substantial 
majority of the Company’s outstanding trade receiva bles are not covered by collateral or credit insura nce. The Company’ s exposure to credit and 
collectability risk on its trade receivables is hig her in certain international markets and its abilit y to mitigate such risks may be limited. Cellular 
network carriers accounted for a significant portio n of the Company’s trade receivables as of Septembe r 24, 2011. The  
   
19  Company also has unsecured vendor non- trade receivables resulting from purchases of compo nents by outsourcing partners and other vendors 
that manufacture sub-assemblies or assemble final p roducts for the Company. Two vendors accounted for a significant portion of the Company’ s 
non-trade receivables as of September 24, 2011. In addition, the Company has made prepayments associat ed with long- term supply agreements 
to secure supply of inventory components. While the  Company has procedures to monitor and limit exposu re to credit risk on its trade and 
vendor non-trade receivables as well as long- term prepayments, there can be no assurance such pr ocedures will effectively limit its credit risk 
and avoid losses, which could materially adversely affect the Company’s financial condition and operat ing results.  
Unfavorable results of legal proceedings could mate rially adversely affect the Company.  
The Company is subject to various legal proceedings  and claims that have not yet been fully resolved a nd that have arisen in the ordinary 
conduct of business, and additional claims may aris e in the future. Results of legal proceedings are s ubject to significant uncertainty and, 
regardless of the merit of the claims, litigation m ay be expensive, time-consuming, disruptive to the Company’ s operations, and distracting to 
management. In recognition of these considerations,  the Company may enter into arrangements to settle litigation.  
Although management considers the likelihood of suc h an outcome to be remote, if one or more of these legal matters were resolved against the 
Company in the same reporting period for amounts in  excess of management’s expectations, the Company’ s consolidated financial statements of 
a particular reporting period could be materially a dversely affected. Further, such an outcome could r esult in significant compensatory, punitive 
or trebled monetary damages, disgorgement of revenu e or profits, remedial corporate measures or injunc tive relief against the Company that 
could materially adversely affect its financial con dition and operating results.  
Changes in the Company’ s tax rates, the adoption of new U.S. or internatio nal tax legislation or exposure to additional tax l iabilities could 
affect its future results.  
The Company is subject to taxes in the U.S. and num erous foreign jurisdictions. The Company’ s future effective tax rates could be affected by 
changes in the mix of earnings in countries with di ffering statutory tax rates, changes in the valuati on of deferred tax assets and liabilities, or 
changes in tax laws or their interpretation. Any of  these changes could have a material adverse effect  on the Company’ s profitability. The 
Company is also subject to the continual examinatio n of its income tax returns by the Internal Revenue  Service and other tax authorities. The 
Company regularly assesses the likelihood of advers e outcomes resulting from these examinations to det ermine the adequacy of its provision for 
taxes. There can be no assurance that the outcomes from these examinations will not materially adverse ly affect the Company’ s financial 
condition and operating results.  
   
None.  
   
The Company’ s headquarters are located in Cupertino, California . As of September 24, 2011, the Company owned or le ased approximately 
13.2 million square feet of building space, primari ly in the U.S., and to a lesser extent, in Europe, Japan, Canada, and the Asia- Pacific regions. 
Of that amount approximately 7.0 million square fee t was leased building space, which includes approxi mately 3.0 million square feet related to 
retail store space. Of the Company’ s owned building space, approximately 2.6 million s quare feet that is located in Cupertino, California  will be 
demolished to build a second corporate campus. Addi tionally, the Company owns a total of 584 acres of land in various locations.  
As of September 24, 2011, the Company owned a manuf acturing facility in Cork, Ireland that also housed  a customer support call center and 
facilities in Elk Grove, California that included w arehousing and distribution operations and a custom er support call center. In addition, the 
Company owned facilities for research and  
   
20  Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
Item 2. Properties development and corporate functions in Cupertino, C alifornia, including land for the future developmen t of the Company’ s second corporate 
campus. The Company also owned data centers in Newa rk, California and in North Carolina. Outside the U .S., the Company owned additional 
facilities for various purposes.  
The Company believes its existing facilities and eq uipment are in good operating condition and are sui table for the conduct of its business. The 
Company has invested in internal capacity and strat egic relationships with outside manufacturing vendo rs and continues to make investments in 
capital equipment as needed to meet anticipated dem and for its products.  
   
As of September 24, 2011, the end of the annual per iod covered by this report, the Company was subject  to the various legal proceedings and 
claims discussed below, as well as certain other le gal proceedings and claims that have not been fully  resolved and that have arisen in the 
ordinary course of business. In the opinion of mana gement, there was not at least a reasonable possibi lity the Company may have incurred a 
material loss, or a material loss in excess of a re corded accrual, with respect to loss contingencies.  However, the outcome of legal proceedings 
and claims brought against the Company are subject to significant uncertainty. Therefore, although man agement considers the likelihood of such 
an outcome to be remote, if one or more of these le gal matters were resolved against the Company in th e same reporting period for amounts in 
excess of management’s expectations, the Company’ s consolidated financial statements of a particular  reporting period could be materially 
adversely affected. See the risk factors “ The Company’ s future results could be materially adversely affe cted if it is found to have infringed on 
intellectual property rights. ” and “ Unfavorable results of legal proceedings could mate rially adversely affect the Company. ” in Part I, Item 1A 
of this Annual Report on Form 10-K under the headin g “Risk Factors.” The Company settled certain matters during the four th quarter of 2011 
that did not individually or in the aggregate have a material impact on the Company’s financial condit ion and results of operations.  
In re Apple & ATTM Antitrust Litigation (brought on  behalf of named plaintiffs Kliegerman, Holman, Riv ello, Smith, Lee, Macasaddu, 
Morikawa, Scotti and Sesso)  
This is a purported class action filed against the Company and AT&T Mobility in the United States Dist rict Court for the Northern District of 
California. The Consolidated Complaint alleges that  the Company and AT&T Mobility violated the federal  antitrust laws by monopolizing 
and/or attempting to monopolize the “aftermarket fo r voice and data services” for the iPhone and that the Company monopolized and /or 
attempted to monopolize the “aftermarket for softwa re applications for iPhones.” Plaintiffs are seeking unspecified compensatory and  punitive 
damages for the class, treble damages, injunctive r elief and attorneys fees. On July 8, 2010 the Court  granted in part plaintiffs’ motion for class 
certification. Following a favorable Supreme Court ruling for AT&T Mobility in its case against Concep tion, defendants have filed Motions to 
Compel Arbitration and to Decertify the Class.  
The Apple iPod iTunes Antitrust Litigation (formerl y Charoensak v. Apple Computer, Inc. and Tucker v. Apple Computer, Inc.); Somers v. Apple 
Inc.  
These related cases have been filed on January 3, 2 005, July 21, 2006 and December 31, 2007 in the Uni ted States District Court for the 
Northern District of California on behalf of a purp orted class of direct and indirect purchasers of iP ods and iTunes Store content, alleging various 
claims including alleged unlawful tying of music an d video purchased on the iTunes Store with the purc hase of iPods and unlawful acquisition 
or maintenance of monopoly market power and unlawfu l acquisition or maintenance of monopoly market pow er under §§1 and 2 of the Sherman 
Act, the Cartwright Act, California Business & Prof essions Code §17200 (unfair competition), the Calif ornia Consumer Legal Remedies Act and 
California monopolization law. Plaintiffs are seeki ng unspecified compensatory and punitive damages fo r the class, treble damages, injunctive 
relief, disgorgement of revenues and/or profits and  attorneys fees. Plaintiffs are also seeking DRM fr ee versions of any songs downloaded from 
iTunes or an order requiring the Company to license  its DRM to all competing music players. The cases are currently pending.  
   
21  Item 3. Legal Proceedings PART II  
   
The Company’s common stock is traded on the over-th e-counter market and is quoted on the NASDAQ Global S elect Market under the symbol 
AAPL.  
Price Range of Common Stock  
The price range per share of common stock presented  below represents the highest and lowest sales pric es for the Company’ s common stock on 
the NASDAQ Global Select Market during each quarter  of the two most recent years.  
   
Holders  
As of October 14, 2011, there were 28,543 sharehold ers of record.  
Dividends  
The Company did not declare or pay cash dividends i n either 2011 or 2010. The Company anticipates that  for the foreseeable future it will retain 
any earnings for use in the operation of its busine ss.  
Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Af filiated Purchasers  
None.  
   
22  Item 5. Market for Registrant ’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Is suer Purchases of Equity Securities 
     Fourth Quarter      Third Quarter      Second Quarter      First Quarter   
Fiscal 2011 price range per common share     $ 422.86 - $ 327.25       $ 355.13 - $310.50       $ 364.90 - $321.31       $ 325.72 - $275.00    
Fiscal 2010 price range per common share     $ 293.53 - $235.56       $ 279.01 - $199.25       $ 231.95 - $190.25       $ 209.35 - $180.70    Company Stock Performance  
The following graph shows a five- year comparison of cumulative total shareholder ret urn, calculated on a dividend reinvested basis, for  the 
Company, the S&P 500 Composite Index, the S&P Compu ter Hardware Index, and the Dow Jones U.S. Technolo gy Index. The graph assumes 
$100 was invested in each of the Company’ s common stock, the S&P 500 Composite Index, the S& P Computer Hardware Index, and the Dow 
Jones U.S. Technology Index on September 30, 2006. Data points on the graph are annual. Note that hist oric stock price performance is not 
necessarily indicative of future stock price perfor mance.  
  
   
   
23  
    September 30, 
 
2006     September 30, 
 
2007     September 30, 
 
2008     September 30, 
 
2009     September 30, 
 
2010     September 30, 
 
2011   
Apple Inc.    $ 100      $ 199      $ 148      $ 241      $ 369      $ 495    
S&P 500    $ 100      $ 116      $ 91      $ 85      $ 93      $ 94    
S&P Computer Hardware    $ 100      $ 148      $ 124      $ 147      $ 174      $ 197    
Dow Jones US Technology    $ 100      $ 123      $ 94      $ 104      $ 117      $ 120    The information set forth below for the five years ended September 24, 2011, is not necessarily indica tive of results of future operations, and 
should be read in conjunction with Item 7, “Managem ent’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Conditio n and Results of Operations” and the 
consolidated financial statements and related notes  thereto included in Item 8 of this Form 10- K to fully understand factors that may affect the 
comparability of the information presented below (i n millions, except share amounts which are reflecte d in thousands and per share amounts).  
   
   
24  Item 6. Selected Financial Data 
     2011      2010      2009      2008      2007   
Net sales     $ 108,249       $ 65,225       $ 42,905       $ 37,491       $ 24,578    
Net income     $ 25,922       $ 14,013       $ 8,235       $ 6,119       $ 3,495    
Earnings per common share:                 
Basic     $ 28.05       $ 15.41       $ 9.22       $ 6.94       $ 4.04    
Diluted     $ 27.68       $ 15.15       $ 9.08       $ 6.78       $ 3.93    
Cash dividends declared per common share     $ 0       $ 0       $ 0       $ 0       $ 0    
Shares used in computing earnings per share:                 
Basic       924,258         909,461         893,016         881,592         864,595    
Diluted       936,645         924,712         907,005         902,139         889,292    
Total cash, cash equivalents and marketable securit ies     $ 81,570       $ 51,011       $ 33,992       $ 24,490       $ 15,386    
Total assets     $ 116,371       $ 75,183       $ 47,501       $ 36,171       $ 24,878    
Total long -term obligations (a)     $ 10,100       $ 5,531       $ 3,502       $ 1,745       $ 687    
Total liabilities     $ 39,756       $ 27,392       $ 15,861       $ 13,874       $ 10,347    
Total shareholders ’ equity     $ 76,615       $ 47,791       $ 31,640       $ 22,297       $ 14,531    
  
(a) The Company did not have any long-term debt dur ing the five years ended September 24, 2011. Long-t erm obligations exclude non-
current deferred revenue.  This section and other parts of this Form 10-K cont ain forward-looking statements that involve risks a nd uncertainties. Forward- looking 
statements can also be identified by words such as “anticipates,” “expects,” “believes,” “plans,” “pre dicts,” and similar terms. Forward-
looking statements are not guarantees of future per formance and the Company’ s actual results may differ significantly from the results discussed 
in the forward- looking statements. Factors that might cause such d ifferences include, but are not limited to, those d iscussed in the subsection 
entitled “Risk Factors” above, which are incorporated herein by reference. The following discussion should be read in conjunct ion with the 
consolidated financial statements and notes thereto  included in Item 8 of this Form 10- K. All information presented herein is based on the  
Company’s fiscal calendar. Unless otherwise stated,  references in this report to particular years or q uarters refer to the Company’ s fiscal years 
ended in September and the associated quarters of t hose fiscal years. The Company assumes no obligatio n to revise or update any forward-
looking statements for any reason, except as requir ed by law.  
Executive Overview  
The Company designs, manufactures, and markets mobi le communication and media devices, personal comput ers, and portable digital music 
players, and sells a variety of related software, s ervices, peripherals, networking solutions, and thi rd-party digital content and applications. The 
Company’ s products and services include iPhone, iPad, Mac, iPod, Apple TV, a portfolio of consumer and profess ional software applications, 
the iOS and Mac OS X operating systems, iCloud, and  a variety of accessory, service and support offeri ngs. The Company also sells and delivers 
digital content and applications through the iTunes  Store, App Store, iBookstore, and Mac App Store. T he Company sells its products worldwide 
through its retail stores, online stores, and direc t sales force, as well as through third- party cellular network carriers, wholesalers, retai lers, and 
value-added resellers. In addition, the Company sel ls a variety of third- party iPhone, iPad, Mac and iPod compatible product s, including 
application software, printers, storage devices, sp eakers, headphones, and various other accessories a nd peripherals through its online and retail 
stores. The Company sells to consumers, small and m id-sized businesses, and education, enterprise and government customers.  
The Company is committed to bringing the best user experience to its customers through its innovative hardware, software, peripherals, and 
services. The Company’ s business strategy leverages its unique ability to  design and develop its own operating systems, hard ware, application 
software, and services to provide its customers new  products and solutions with superior ease-of- use, seamless integration, and innovative 
design. As part of its strategy, the Company contin ues to expand its platform for the discovery and de livery of third- party digital content and 
applications through the iTunes Store. As part of t he iTunes Store, the Company’ s App Store and iBookstore allow customers to disco ver and 
download applications and books through either a Ma c or Windows-based computer or through “iOS devices ,” namely iPhone, iPad and iPod 
touch. In January 2011, the Company opened the Mac App Store to allow customers to easily discover, do wnload and install applications for 
their Macs. The Company also supports a community f or the development of third- party software and hardware products and digital co ntent that 
complement the Company’s offerings. The Company’ s strategy also includes expanding its distribution  network to effectively reach more 
customers and provide them with a high-quality sale s and post-sales support experience.  
The Company participates in several highly competit ive markets, including mobile communications and me dia devices with its iPhone, iPad and 
iPod product families; personal computers with its Mac computers; and distribution of third- party digital content and applications through the 
iTunes Store, App Store, iBookstore, and Mac App St ore. While the Company is widely recognized as a le ading innovator in the markets where 
it competes, these markets are highly competitive a nd subject to aggressive pricing. To remain competi tive, the Company believes that continual 
investment in research and development and marketin g and advertising is critical to the development an d sale of innovative products and 
technologies. The Company’ s research and development spending is focused on i nvesting in new hardware and software products, and  in further 
developing its existing products, including iPhone,  iPad, Mac, and iPod hardware; iOS and Mac OS X ope rating systems; and a variety of 
application software and online services.  
   
25  Item 7. Management ’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition an d Results of Operations The Company uses a variety of direct and indirect d istribution channels, such as its retail stores, on line stores, and direct sales force, and third-
party cellular network carriers, wholesalers, retai lers, and value- added resellers. The Company believes that sales of  its innovative and 
differentiated products are enhanced by knowledgeab le salespersons who can convey the value of the har dware and software integration, and 
demonstrate the unique solutions that are available  on its products. The Company further believes prov iding direct contact with its targeted 
customers is an effective way to demonstrate the ad vantages of its products over those of its competit ors and providing a high- quality sales and 
after-sales support experience is critical to attra cting new and retaining existing customers. To ensu re a high- quality buying experience for its 
products in which service and education are emphasi zed, the Company continues to expand and improve it s distribution capabilities by 
expanding the number of its own retail stores world wide. Additionally, the Company has invested in pro grams to enhance reseller sales by 
placing high quality Apple fixtures, merchandising materials and other resources within selected third -party reseller locations. Through the 
Apple Premium Reseller Program, certain third- party resellers focus on the Apple platform by prov iding a high level of integration and support 
services, and product expertise.  
Japan Earthquake and Tsunami and Thailand Flooding  
On March 11, 2011, the northeast coast of Japan exp erienced a severe earthquake followed by a tsunami,  with continuing aftershocks. These 
geological events have caused significant damage in  the region, including severe damage to nuclear pow er plants, and have impacted Japan’ s 
power and other infrastructure as well as its econo my. Certain of the Company’ s suppliers are located in Japan, and certain of it s other suppliers 
integrate components or use materials manufactured in Japan in the production of its products. To the extent that component production has been 
affected, the Company has generally obtained altern ative sources of supply or implemented other measur es. The Company does not currently 
believe these events will have a material impact on  its operations in the first quarter of 2012 unless  conditions worsen, including, but not limited 
to, power outages and expansion of evacuation zones  around the nuclear power plants.  
Beyond the first quarter of 2012, uncertainty exist s with respect to the availability of electrical po wer, the damage to nuclear power plants and 
the impact to other infrastructure. Thus, there is a risk that the Company could in the future experie nce delays or other constraints in obtaining 
key components and products and/or price increases related to such components and products that could materially adversely affect the 
Company’s financial condition and operating results .  
In addition, in recent months several regions of Th ailand have experienced severe flooding, causing da mage to infrastructure, housing and 
factories. A number of the Company’ s suppliers are located in Thailand. As with Japan,  to the extent that component production has been 
affected, the Company will work to obtain alternati ve sources of supply or implement other measures. B ased on the Company’ s current 
assessment of the situation, it does not believe th is event will have a material impact on its operati ons in the first quarter of 2012; however, 
because the situation in Thailand is still evolving  uncertainty remains regarding the ultimate impact of this event on the Company.  
Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates  
The preparation of financial statements and related  disclosures in conformity with U.S. generally acce pted accounting principles (“GAAP”) and 
the Company’s discussion and analysis of its financ ial condition and operating results require the Com pany’s management to make judgments, 
assumptions and estimates that affect the amounts r eported in its consolidated financial statements an d accompanying notes. Note 1, “ Summary 
of Significant Accounting Policies” of Notes to Con solidated Financial Statements in this Form 10- K describes the significant accounting 
policies and methods used in the preparation of the  Company’ s consolidated financial statements. Management bas es its estimates on historical 
experience and on various other assumptions it beli eves to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making 
judgments about the carrying values of assets and l iabilities. Actual results may differ from these es timates and such differences may be material. 
   
26  Management believes the Company’ s critical accounting policies and estimates are th ose related to revenue recognition, valuation and 
impairment of marketable securities, inventory valu ation and inventory purchase commitments, warranty costs, income taxes, and legal and other 
contingencies. Management considers these policies critical because they are both important to the por trayal of the Company’ s financial 
condition and operating results, and they require m anagement to make judgments and estimates about inh erently uncertain matters. The 
Company’ s senior management has reviewed these critical acc ounting policies and related disclosures with the A udit and Finance Committee of 
the Company’s Board of Directors.  
Revenue Recognition  
Net sales consist primarily of revenue from the sal e of hardware, software, digital content and applic ations, peripherals, and service and support 
contracts. The Company recognizes revenue when pers uasive evidence of an arrangement exists, delivery has occurred, the sales price is fixed or 
determinable, and collection is probable. Product i s considered delivered to the customer once it has been shipped and title and risk of loss have 
been transferred. For most of the Company’ s product sales, these criteria are met at the time  the product is shipped. For online sales to 
individuals, for some sales to education customers in the U.S., and for certain other sales, the Compa ny defers recognition of revenue until the 
customer receives the product because the Company r etains a portion of the risk of loss on these sales  during transit. The Company recognizes 
revenue from the sale of hardware products, softwar e bundled with hardware that is essential to the fu nctionality of the hardware, and third- party 
digital content sold on the iTunes Store in accorda nce with general revenue recognition accounting gui dance. The Company recognizes revenue 
in accordance with industry specific software accou nting guidance for the following types of sales tra nsactions: (i) standalone sales of software 
products, (ii) sales of software upgrades and (iii)  sales of software bundled with hardware not essent ial to the functionality of the hardware.  
For multi-element arrangements that include hardwar e products containing software essential to the har dware product’ s functionality, 
undelivered software elements that relate to the ha rdware product’s essential software, and undelivere d non-software services, the Company 
allocates revenue to all deliverables based on thei r relative selling prices. In such circumstances, t he Company uses a hierarchy to determine the 
selling price to be used for allocating revenue to deliverables: (i) vendor-specific objective evidenc e of fair value (“VSOE”), (ii) third- party 
evidence of selling price (“TPE”) and (iii) best es timate of the selling price (“ESP”). VSOE generally exists only when the Company sells t he 
deliverable separately and is the price actually ch arged by the Company for that deliverable. ESPs ref lect the Company’ s best estimates of what 
the selling prices of elements would be if they wer e sold regularly on a stand-alone basis.  
For sales of iPhone, iPad, Apple TV, for sales of i Pod touch beginning in June 2010, and for sales of Mac beginning in June 2011, the Company 
has indicated it may from time-to- time provide future unspecified software upgrades a nd features free of charge to customers. In June 20 11, the 
Company announced it would begin providing various non-software services to owners of qualifying versions of iOS devices and Mac. Because 
the Company has neither VSOE nor TPE for these unsp ecified software upgrade rights or the non- software services, revenue is allocated to these 
rights and services based on the Company’s ESPs. Am ounts allocated to the unspecified software upgrade  rights and non- software services are 
deferred and recognized on a straight- line basis over the estimated lives of each of thes e devices, which range from 24 to 48 months. The 
Company’s process for determining ESPs involves man agement’s judgment. The Company’ s process considers multiple factors that may vary 
over time depending upon the unique facts and circu mstances related to each deliverable. If the facts and circumstances underlying the factors 
considered change, including the estimated or actua l costs incurred to provide non- software services or the estimated lives of the rel ated devices, 
or should future facts and circumstances lead the C ompany to consider additional factors, the Company’ s ESP for software upgrades and non-
software services related to future sales of these devices could change. If the estimated life of one or more of the devices should change, the 
future rate of amortization of the revenue allocate d to the software upgrade rights would also change.   
   
27  The Company records reductions to revenue for estim ated commitments related to price protection and fo r customer incentive programs, 
including reseller and end-user rebates, and other sales programs and volume- based incentives. For transactions involving price protection, the 
Company recognizes revenue net of the estimated amo unt to be refunded, provided the refund amount can be reasonably and reliably estimated 
and the other conditions for revenue recognition ha ve been met. The Company’ s policy requires that, if refunds cannot be reliab ly estimated, 
revenue is not recognized until reliable estimates can be made or the price protection lapses. For cus tomer incentive programs, the estimated cost 
of these programs is recognized at the later of the  date at which the Company has sold the product or the date at which the program is offered. 
The Company also records reductions to revenue for expected future product returns based on the Compan y’s historical experience. Future 
market conditions and product transitions may requi re the Company to increase customer incentive progr ams and incur incremental price 
protection obligations that could result in additio nal reductions to revenue at the time such programs  are offered. Additionally, certain customer 
incentive programs require management to estimate t he number of customers who will actually redeem the  incentive. Management’ s estimates 
are based on historical experience and the specific  terms and conditions of particular incentive progr ams. If a greater than estimated proportion 
of customers redeem such incentives, the Company wo uld be required to record additional reductions to revenue, which would have a negative 
impact on the Company’s results of operations.  
Valuation and Impairment of Marketable Securities  
The Company’s investments in available-for- sale securities are reported at fair value. Unreali zed gains and losses related to changes in the fair  
value of securities are recognized in accumulated o ther comprehensive income, net of tax, in the Compa ny’s Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
Changes in the fair value of available-for-sale sec urities impact the Company’s net income only when s uch securities are sold or an other-than-
temporary impairment is recognized. Realized gains and losses on the sale of securities are determined  by specific identification of each 
security’s cost basis. The Company regularly review s its investment portfolio to determine if any secu rity is other-than- temporarily impaired, 
which would require the Company to record an impair ment charge in the period any such determination is  made. In making this judgment, the 
Company evaluates, among other things, the duration  and extent to which the fair value of a security i s less than its cost, the financial condition 
of the issuer and any changes thereto, and the Comp any’s intent to sell, or whether it is more likely than  not it will be required to sell, the 
security before recovery of the its amortized cost basis. The Company’s assessment on whether a securi ty is other-than- temporarily impaired, 
could change in the future due to new developments or changes in assumptions related to any particular  security.  
Inventory Valuation and Inventory Purchase Commitme nts  
The Company must order components for its products and build inventory in advance of product shipments . The Company records a write- down 
for inventories of components and products, includi ng third-party products held for resale, which have become o bsolete or are in excess of 
anticipated demand or net realizable value. The Com pany performs a detailed review of inventory each f iscal quarter that considers multiple 
factors including demand forecasts, product life cy cle status, product development plans, current sale s levels, and component cost trends. The 
industries in which the Company competes are subjec t to a rapid and unpredictable pace of product and component obsolescence and demand 
changes. If future demand or market conditions for the Company’ s products are less favorable than forecasted or if  unforeseen technological 
changes negatively impact the utility of component inventory, the Company may be required to record ad ditional write- downs, which would 
negatively affect its results of operations in the period when the write-downs were recorded.  
The Company records accruals for estimated cancella tion fees related to component orders that have bee n cancelled or are expected to be 
cancelled. Consistent with industry practice, the C ompany acquires components through a combination of  purchase orders, supplier contracts, 
and open orders based on projected demand informati on. These commitments typically cover the Company’ s requirements for periods up to 150 
days. If there is an abrupt and substantial decline  in demand for one or more of the Company’ s products or an unanticipated change in 
technological requirements for any of the Company’s  products, the Company may be required to  
   
28  record additional accruals for cancellation fees th at would negatively affect its results of operation s in the period when the cancellation fees are 
identified and recorded.  
Warranty Costs  
The Company provides for the estimated cost of hard ware and software warranties at the time the relate d revenue is recognized based on 
historical and projected warranty claim rates, hist orical and projected cost-per- claim, and knowledge of specific product failures t hat are outside 
of the Company’ s typical experience. Each quarter, the Company ree valuates its estimates to assess the adequacy of it s recorded warranty 
liabilities considering the size of the installed b ase of products subject to warranty protection and adjusts the amounts as necessary. If actual 
product failure rates or repair costs differ from e stimates, revisions to the estimated warranty liabi lity would be required and could materially 
affect the Company’s results of operations.  
Income Taxes  
The Company records a tax provision for the anticip ated tax consequences of the reported results of op erations. The provision for income taxes 
is computed using the asset and liability method, u nder which deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the expected future tax 
consequences of temporary differences between the f inancial reporting and tax bases of assets and liab ilities, and for operating losses and tax 
credit carryforwards. Deferred tax assets and liabi lities are measured using the currently enacted tax  rates that apply to taxable income in effect 
for the years in which those tax assets are expecte d to be realized or settled. The Company records a valuation allowance to reduce deferred tax 
assets to the amount that is believed more likely t han not to be realized.  
The Company recognizes tax benefits from uncertain tax positions only if it is more likely than not th at the tax position will be sustained on 
examination by the taxing authorities, based on the  technical merits of the position. The tax benefits  recognized in the financial statements from 
such positions are then measured based on the large st benefit that has a greater than 50% likelihood o f being realized upon ultimate settlement.  
Management believes it is more likely than not that  forecasted income, including income that may be ge nerated as a result of certain tax planning 
strategies, together with future reversals of exist ing taxable temporary differences, will be sufficie nt to fully recover the deferred tax assets. In 
the event that the Company determines all or part o f the net deferred tax assets are not realizable in  the future, the Company will make an 
adjustment to the valuation allowance that would be  charged to earnings in the period such determinati on is made. In addition, the calculation of 
tax liabilities involves significant judgment in es timating the impact of uncertainties in the applica tion of GAAP and complex tax laws. 
Resolution of these uncertainties in a manner incon sistent with management’s expectations could have a  material impact on the Company’ s 
financial condition and operating results.  
Legal and Other Contingencies  
As discussed in Part I, Item 3 of this Form 10-K un der the heading “Legal Proceedings” and in Note 7, “Commitments and Contingencies” in 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, the Com pany is subject to various legal proceedings and cl aims that arise in the ordinary course of 
business. The Company records a liability when it i s probable that a loss has been incurred and the am ount is reasonably estimable. There is 
significant judgment required in both the probabili ty determination and as to whether an exposure can be reasonably estimated. In the opinion of 
management, there was not at least a reasonable pos sibility the Company may have incurred a material l oss, or a material loss in excess of a 
recorded accrual, with respect to loss contingencie s. However, the outcome of legal proceedings and cl aims brought against the Company are 
subject to significant uncertainty. Therefore, alth ough management considers the likelihood of such an  outcome to be remote, if one or more of 
these legal matters were resolved against the Compa ny in the same reporting period for amounts in exce ss of management’ s expectations, the 
Company’s consolidated financial statements of a pa rticular reporting period could be materially adver sely affected.  
   
29  Net Sales  
Fiscal years 2011, 2010 and 2009 each spanned 52 we eks. An additional week is included in the first fi scal quarter approximately every six years 
to realign fiscal quarters with calendar quarters. Fiscal year 2012 will end on September 29, 2012 and  will span 53 weeks, with a 14th week 
added to the first quarter of 2012.  
The following table summarizes net sales by operati ng segment and net sales and unit sales by product during the three years ended 
September 24, 2011 (in millions, except unit sales in thousands and per unit amounts):  
   
   
30       2011      Change      2010      Change      2009   
Net Sales by Operating Segment:                 
Americas net sales     $ 38,315               56%       $ 24,498               29%       $ 18,981    
Europe net sales       27,778         49%           18,692         58%           11,810    
Japan net sales       5,437         37%         3,981         75%         2,279    
Asia -Pacific net sales       22,592         174%         8,256         160%         3,179    
Retail net sales       14,127         44%         9,798         47%         6,656    
                                       
Total net sales     $ 108,249         66%       $ 65,225         52%       $ 42,905    
           
              
              
Net Sales by Product:                 
Desktops (a)     $ 6,439         4%       $ 6,201         43%       $ 4,324    
Portables (b)       15,344         36%         11,278         18%         9,535    
                                       
Total Mac net sales       21,783         25%         17,479         26%         13,859    
iPod       7,453         (10)%         8,274         2%         8,091    
Other music related products and services (c)       6,314         28%         4,948         23%         4,036    
iPhone and related products and services (d)       47,057         87%         25,179         93%         13,033    
iPad and related products and services (e)       20,358         311%         4,958         NM         0    
Peripherals and other hardware (f)       2,330         28%         1,814         23%         1,475    
Software, service and other sales (g)       2,954         15%         2,573         7%         2,411    
           
              
              
Total net sales     $ 108,249         66%       $ 65,225         52%       $ 42,905    
           
              
              
Unit Sales by Product:                 
Desktops (a)       4,669         1%         4,627         45%         3,182    
Portables (b)       12,066         34%         9,035         25%         7,214    
                                       
Total Mac unit sales       16,735         22%         13,662         31%         10,396    
           
              
              
iPod unit sales       42,620         (15)%         50,312         (7)%         54,132    
           
              
              
iPhone units sold       72,293         81%         39,989         93%         20,731    
           
              
              
iPad units sold       32,394         334%         7,458         NM         0    
           
              
                
(a) Includes iMac, Mac mini, Mac Pro and Xserve product  lines.  
(b) Includes MacBook, MacBook Air and MacBook Pro produ ct lines.  
(c) Includes sales from the iTunes Store, App Store, an d iBookstore in addition to sales of iPod services and Apple -branded and third -party 
iPod accessories.  
(d) Includes revenue recognized from iPhone sales, carr ier agreements, services, and Apple -branded and third -party iPhone accessories.  
(e) Includes revenue recognized from iPad sales, servic es and Apple -branded and third -party iPad accessories.  
(f) Includes sales of displays, wireless connectivity a nd networking solutions, and other hardware accesso ries.  
(g) Includes sales from the Mac App Store in addition t o sales of other Apple -branded and third -party Mac software and Mac and Internet 
services.  
NM = Not Meaningful  Fiscal Year 2011 versus 2010  
Net sales during 2011 increased $43.0 billion or 66 % compared to 2010. Several factors contributed pos itively to this increase, including the 
following:  
   
   
   
   
Partially offsetting the positive factors contribut ing to the overall increase in net sales was a decr ease in iPod net sales of $821 million or 10% 
during 2011 compared to 2010. Similarly, iPod unit sales decreased by 15% in 2011 compared to 2010. Ho wever, net sales per iPod unit sold 
increased during 2011 compared to 2010 due primaril y to a shift in iPod product mix toward iPod touch.  Net sales of iPod accounted for 7% of 
the Company’s total net sales for 2011.  
   
31    •   Net sales of iPhone and related products and servic es were $47.1 billion in 2011, representing an incr ease of $21.9 billion or 87% 
compared to 2010. iPhone handset unit sales totaled  72.3 million during 2011, representing an increase  of 32.3 million units or 81% 
compared to 2010. iPhone year-over-year net sales g rowth reflected strong demand for iPhone 4 in all o f the Company’ s operating 
segments. The expanded U.S. distribution of iPhone to the Verizon Wireless network beginning in Februa ry 2011, continued 
expansion into new countries, and increased distrib ution with other new carriers and resellers also co ntributed to the year-over- year 
growth of iPhone. As of September 24, 2011, the Com pany distributed iPhone in 105 countries through 22 8 carriers. Additionally, 
the Company distributes iPhone through its direct c hannels and certain third- party resellers. Net sales of iPhone and related pr oducts 
and services accounted for 43% of the Company ’s total net sales for 2011.  
  •   Net sales of iPad and related products and services , which the Company introduced in the third quarter  of 2010, were $20.4 billion in 
2011, representing an increase of $15.4 billion or 311% compared to 2010. Unit sales of iPad were 32.4  million during 2011, an 
increase of 334% from 2010. The year-over- year unit growth and net sales growth were driven b y strong iPad demand in all of the 
Company’s operating segments. The Company distribut es iPad through its direct channels, certain cellul ar network carriers’
distribution channels and certain third- party resellers. The Company distributed iPad in 90  countries as of September 24, 2011 
compared to 26 countries as of September 25, 2010. Net sales of iPad and related products and services  accounted for 19% of the 
Company ’s total net sales for 2011.  
  •   Mac net sales were $21.8 billion in 2011, represent ing an increase of $4.3 billion or 25% compared to 2010. Mac unit sales increased 
by 3.1 million or 22% in 2011 compared to 2010. The  year-over- year growth in Mac net sales and unit sales was due  primarily to 
higher demand in all of the Company’ s operating segments for MacBook Air and MacBook Pr o, which were updated in July 2011 
and February 2011, respectively. The year-over- year revenue growth for portables and desktops was 36% and 4%, respectively. Net 
sales of the Company ’s Macs accounted for 20% of the Company ’s total net sales for 2011.  
  •   Net sales of other music related products and servi ces were $6.3 billion in 2011, representing an incr ease of $1.4 billion or 28% 
compared to 2010. The increase was due primarily to  increased net sales from the iTunes Store, which w as largely driven by App 
Store expansion into new countries that contributed  to strong growth in all of the Company’ s geographic segments. During 2011, the 
combined net sales for the iTunes Store, App Store and iBookstore was $5.4 billion, representing an in crease of 33% compared to 
2010. The Company believes this continued growth is  the result of heightened consumer interest in down loading third- party digital 
content, continued growth in its customer base of i Phone, iPad and iPod, expansion of third- party audio and video content available 
via the iTunes Store, and continued interest in and  growth of the App Store. Net sales of other music related products and services 
accounted for 6% of the Company ’s total net sales for 2011.  Fiscal Year 2010 versus 2009  
Net sales during 2010 increased $22.3 billion or 52 % compared to 2009. Several factors contributed pos itively to this increase, including the 
following:  
   
   
   
   
   
Segment Operating Performance  
The Company manages its business primarily on a geo graphic basis. The Company’ s reportable operating segments consist of the Amer icas, 
Europe, Japan, Asia-Pacific and Retail operations. The results of the Americas, Europe, Japan and Asia -Pacific reportable segments do not 
include the results of the Retail segment. The Amer icas segment includes both North and South America.  The Europe segment includes 
European countries, as well as the Middle East and Africa. The Asia-Pacific segment includes Australia  and Asian  
   
32    •   Net sales of iPhone and related products and servic es were $25.2 billion in 2010 representing an incre ase of $12.1 billion or 93% 
compared to 2009. iPhone unit sales totaled 40 mill ion in 2010, which represents an increase of 19.3 m illion or 93% compared to 
2009. iPhone year-over- year growth was attributable primarily to continued  growth from existing carriers, expanded distributi on with 
new international carriers and resellers, and stron g demand for iPhone 4, which was released in the U. S. in June 2010 and in many 
other countries over the remainder of 2010. As of S eptember 25, 2010, the Company distributed iPhone i n 89 countries through 166 
carriers. Net sales of iPhone and related products and services accounted for 39% of the Company’ s total net sales for 2010 compared 
to 30% in 2009.  
  •   Net sales of iPad and related products and services  were $5.0 billion and unit sales of iPad were 7.5 million during 2010. iPad was 
released in the U.S. in April 2010 and in various o ther countries over the remainder of 2010. As of Se ptember 25, 2010, the 
Company distributed iPad in 26 countries. The Compa ny distributes iPad through its direct channels, ce rtain cellular network 
carriers’ distribution channels and certain third- party resellers. Net sales of iPad and related prod ucts and services accounted for 8% 
of the Company ’s total net sales for 2010, reflecting the strong d emand for iPad during the five months following its  release.  
  •   Mac net sales increased by $3.6 billion or 26% in 2 010 compared to 2009, and Mac unit sales increased by 3.3 million or 31% in 
2010 compared to 2009. Net sales per Mac unit sold decreased by 4% in 2010 compared to 2009 due primar ily to lower average 
selling prices of Mac portable systems. During 2010 , net sales and unit sales of the Company’ s Mac portable systems increased by 
18% and 25%, respectively, primarily attributable t o strong demand for MacBook Pro, which was updated in April 2010. Net sales 
and unit sales of the Company’ s Mac desktop systems increased by 43% and 45%, res pectively, as a result of higher sales of iMac, 
which was updated in July 2010. Net sales of the Co mpany’s Macs accounted for 27% of the Company’ s total net sales in 2010 
compared to 32% in 2009.  
  •   Net sales of other music related products and servi ces increased $912 million or 23% during 2010 compa red to 2009. This increase 
was due primarily to growth of the iTunes Store whi ch generated total net sales of $4.1 billion for 20 10. The results of the iTunes 
Store reflect growth of the iTunes App Store, conti nued growth in the installed base of iPhone, iPad, and iPod customers, and the 
expansion of third- party audio and video content available for sale an d rent via the iTunes Store. The Company continues to expand 
its iTunes content and applications offerings aroun d the world. Net sales of other music related produ cts and services accounted for 
8% of the Company ’s total net sales for 2010 compared to 9% in 2009.  
  •   Net sales of iPods increased $183 million or 2% dur ing 2010, while iPod unit sales declined by 7% duri ng 2010 compared to 2009. 
Net sales per iPod unit sold increased by 10% to $1 64 in 2010 compared to 2009, due to a shift in prod uct mix toward iPod touch. 
iPod touch experienced strong growth in each of the  Company’ s reportable operating segments. Net sales of iPods  accounted for 
13% of the Company ’s total net sales for 2010 compared to 19% in 2009.   countries, other than Japan. The Retail segment ope rates Apple retail stores in 11 countries. Each rep ortable operating segment provides similar 
hardware and software products and similar services . Further information regarding the Company’ s operating segments may be found in Note 8, 
“Segment Information and Geographic Data” in Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements of this Form 1 0-K.  
Americas  
During 2011, net sales in the Americas segment incr eased $13.8 billion or 56% compared to 2010. The pr imary contributors to the growth in net 
sales was a significant year-over- year increase in iPhone revenue from carrier expans ion and strong demand for iPhone 4 and increased sa les of 
iPad and Macs, partially offset by a decrease in iP od net sales. Higher sales of third- party digital content and applications from the iTu nes Store 
and App Store also drove an increase in sales durin g 2011. The Americas segment represented approximat ely 35% and 37% of the Company’ s 
total net sales for 2011 and 2010, respectively.  
During 2010, net sales in the Americas segment incr eased $5.5 billion or 29% compared to 2009. This in crease in net sales was driven by 
increased iPhone revenue, strong demand for iPad, c ontinued demand for Mac desktop and portable system s, and higher sales of third- party 
digital content and applications from the iTunes St ore. The Americas segment represented 37% and 44% o f the Company’ s total net sales in 
2010 and 2009, respectively.  
Europe  
For 2011, net sales in the Europe segment increased  $9.1 billion or 49%, compared to 2010. The increas e in net sales during 2011 was 
attributable primarily to the continued year-over- year increase in iPhone revenue from carrier expans ion and strong demand for iPhone 4, and 
increased sales of iPad and Macs, partially offset by a decrease in iPod net sales. The Europe segment  represented 26% and 29% of total net 
sales for 2011 and 2010, respectively.  
During 2010, net sales in Europe increased $6.9 bil lion or 58% compared to 2009. The growth in net sal es was due mainly to a significant 
increase in iPhone revenue attributable to continue d growth from existing carriers and country and car rier expansion, increased sales of Mac 
desktop and portable systems and strong demand for iPad, partially offset by a stronger U.S. dollar. T he Europe segment represented 29% and 
28% of the Company’s total net sales in 2010 and 20 09, respectively.  
Japan  
Japan’s net sales increased $1.5 billion or 37% dur ing 2011 compared to 2010. The key contributors to Japan’s net sales growth were increased 
iPhone revenue, strong sales of iPad, increased sal es of Macs, and strength in the Japanese Yen relati ve to the U.S. dollar. The Japan segment 
represented 5% and 6% of total net sales for 2011 a nd 2010, respectively.  
The recent earthquakes and tsunami that struck the northeast coast of Japan have created uncertainty r egarding general economic and market 
conditions in Japan. Any significant impact of thes e events on consumer demand could negatively impact  the Company’ s net sales in Japan in 
the future. The Company does not currently believe that the impact of these events will have a materia l adverse effect on the Company or its 
results of operations.  
During 2010, Japan’s net sales increased $1.7 billi on or 75% compared to 2009. The primary contributor s to this growth were significant year-
over-year increases in iPhone revenue, strong demand for  iPad, and to a lesser extent strength in the Japan ese Yen. The Japan segment 
represented 6% and 5% of the Company’s total net sa les for 2010 and 2009, respectively.  
   
33  Asia -Pacific  
Net sales in the Asia Pacific segment increased $14 .3 billion or 174% during 2011 compared to 2010. Th e Company experienced particularly 
strong year-over- year net sales growth in its Asia Pacific segment d uring 2011, especially in Greater China, which incl udes Hong Kong and 
Taiwan. Korea and Australia also experienced strong  year-over- year revenue growth. Higher net sales in the Asia P acific segment were due 
mainly to the increase in iPhone revenue primarily attributable to the strong demand for iPhone 4 and carrier expansion, strong sales of iPad, and 
increased sales of Macs. The Asia Pacific segment r epresented 21% and 13% of total net sales in 2011 a nd 2010, respectively.  
Net sales in Asia -Pacific increased $5.1 billion or 160% during 2010  compared to 2009. The significant growth in Asia- Pacific net sales was due 
mainly to increased iPhone revenue, which was prima rily attributable to country and carrier expansion and continued growth from existing 
carriers. Asia- Pacific net sales were also favorably affected by s trong demand for Mac portable and desktop systems a nd for iPad. Particularly 
strong year-over-year growth was experienced in Chi na, Korea and Australia. The Asia- Pacific segment represented 13% and 7% of the 
Company’s total net sales for 2010 and 2009, respec tively.  
Retail  
Retail segment net sales increased $4.3 billion or 44% during 2011 compared to 2010. The increase in n et sales was driven primarily by strong 
demand for iPad, higher sales of Macs, and an incre ase in iPhone revenue. The Company opened 40 new re tail stores during 2011, 28 of which 
were outside the U.S., ending the year with 357 sto res open compared to 317 stores at the end of 2010.  As of September 24, 2011, the Company 
had a total of 245 U.S. retail stores and 112 inter national retail stores.  
During 2011, the Company had an average of 326 stor es compared to an average of 288 stores during 2010 . The average revenue per store 
increased 27% to $43.3 million in 2011 compared to $34.1 million in 2010. The Retail segment represent ed 13% and 15% of total net sales in 
2011 and 2010, respectively.  
Retail net sales increased $3.1 billion or 47% duri ng 2010 compared to 2009. The increase in net sales  was driven primarily by strong demand 
for iPad, increased sales of Mac desktop and portab le systems and a significant year-over- year increase in iPhone revenue. The Company opened  
44 new retail stores during 2010, 28 of which were outside the U.S., ending the year with 317 stores o pen compared to 273 stores at the end of 
2009. With an average of 288 stores and 254 stores opened during 2010 and 2009, respectively, average revenue per store increased to $34.1 
million in 2010, compared to $26.2 million in 2009.  The Retail segment represented 15% and 16% of the Company’ s total net sales in 2010 and 
2009, respectively.  
The Retail segment reported operating income of $3. 3 billion during 2011 compared to $2.4 billion duri ng 2010. The year-over- year increase in 
Retail operating income was primarily attributable to higher overall net sales that resulted in signif icantly higher average revenue per store 
during 2011 compared to 2010. The Retail segment re ported operating income of $1.7 billion during 2009 . The increase in Retail operating 
income during 2010 compared to 2009 was attributabl e to higher overall net sales.  
Expansion of the Retail segment has required and wi ll continue to require a substantial investment in fixed assets and related infrastructure, 
operating lease commitments, personnel, and other o perating expenses. Capital asset purchases associat ed with the Retail segment since 
inception totaled $2.8 billion through the end of 2 011. As of September 24, 2011, the Retail segment h ad approximately 36,000 full- time 
equivalent employees and had outstanding lease comm itments associated with retail space and related fa cilities of $2.4 billion. The Company 
would incur substantial costs if it were to close m ultiple retail stores and such costs could adversel y affect the Company’ s financial condition and 
operating results.  
   
34  Gross Margin  
Gross margin for the three years ended September 24 , 2011, are as follows (in millions, except gross m argin percentages):  
   
The gross margin percentage in 2011 was 40.5%, comp ared to 39.4% in 2010. This year-over- year increase in gross margin was largely driven 
by lower commodity and other product costs.  
The gross margin percentage in 2010 was 39.4% compa red to 40.1% in 2009. This year-over- year decline in gross margin was primarily 
attributable to new products that had higher cost s tructures, including iPad, partially offset by a mo re favorable sales mix of iPhone, which had a 
higher gross margin than the Company average.  
The Company expects to experience decreases in its gross margin percentage in future periods, as compa red to levels achieved during 2011, 
largely due to a higher mix of new and innovative p roducts with flat or reduced pricing that have high er cost structures and deliver greater value 
to customers, and potential future component cost a nd other cost increases.  
The foregoing statements regarding the Company’s ex pected gross margin percentage are forward- looking and could differ from anticipated 
levels because of several factors including, but no t limited to certain of those set forth below in Pa rt I, Item 1A, “Risk Factors” under the 
subheading “ Future operating results depend upon the Company’s ability to obtain components in sufficient quantiti es ,” which is incorporated 
herein by reference. In general, gross margins and margins on individual products will remain under do wnward pressure due to a variety of 
factors, including continued industry wide global p roduct pricing pressures, increased competition, co mpressed product life cycles, product 
transitions and potential increases in the cost of components, as well as potential increases in the c osts of outside manufacturing services and a 
potential shift in the Company’ s sales mix towards products with lower gross margi ns. In response to these competitive pressures, the  Company 
expects it will continue to take product pricing ac tions, which would adversely affect gross margins. Gross margins could also be affected by the 
Company’ s ability to manage product quality and warranty co sts effectively and to stimulate demand for certain  of its products. Due to the 
Company’s significant international operations, fin ancial results can be significantly affected in the  short-term by fluctuations in exchange rates.  
Operating Expenses  
Operating expenses for the three years ended Septem ber 24, 2011, are as follows (in millions, except f or percentages):  
   
Research and Development Expense ( “R&D”)  
R&D expense increased $647 million or 36% to $2.4 b illion in 2011 compared to 2010. This increase was due primarily to an increase in 
headcount and related expenses to support expanded R&D activities. Although total  
   
35       2011      2010      2009   
Net sales     $ 108,249       $ 65,225       $ 42,905    
Cost of sales       64,431           39,541           25,683    
                                 
Gross margin     $ 43,818       $ 25,684       $ 17,222    
           
           
           
Gross margin percentage       40.5%         39.4%         40.1%    
     2011      2010      2009   
Research and development     $ 2,429       $ 1,782       $ 1,333    
Percentage of net sales            2%              3%              3%    
Selling, general and administrative     $ 7,599       $ 5,517       $ 4,149    
Percentage of net sales       7%         8%         10%    R&D expense increased 36% during 2011 compared to 2 010, it declined slightly as a percentage of net sa les, due to the 66% year-over- year 
growth in the Company’s net sales during 2011.  
R&D expense increased 34% or $449 million to $1.8 b illion in 2010 compared to 2009. This increase was due primarily to an increase in 
headcount and related expenses in the current year to support expanded R&D activities. Also contributi ng to this increase in R&D expense in 
2010 was the capitalization in 2009 of software dev elopment costs of $71 million related to Mac OS X S now Leopard. Although total R&D 
expense increased 34% during 2010, it declined as a  percentage of net sales given the 52% year-over-ye ar increase in net sales in 2010.  
The Company continues to believe that focused inves tments in R&D are critical to its future growth and  competitive position in the marketplace 
and are directly related to timely development of n ew and enhanced products that are central to the Co mpany’s core business strategy. As such, 
the Company expects to make further investments in R&D to remain competitive.  
Selling, General and Administrative Expense (“SG&A” )  
SG&A expense increased $2.1 billion or 38% to $7.6 billion during 2011 compared to 2010. This increase  was due primarily to the Company’ s 
continued expansion of its Retail segment, increase d headcount and related costs, higher spending on p rofessional services and marketing and 
advertising programs, and increased variable costs associated with the overall growth of the Company’s  net sales.  
SG&A expense increased $1.4 billion or 33% to $5.5 billion in 2010 compared to 2009. This increase was  due primarily to the Company’ s 
continued expansion of its Retail segment, higher s pending on marketing and advertising programs, incr eased share- based compensation 
expenses and variable costs associated with the ove rall growth of the Company’s net sales.  
Other Income and Expense  
Other income and expense for the three years ended September 24, 2011, are as follows (in millions):  
   
Total other income and expense increased $260 milli on or 168% to $415 million during 2011 compared to $155 million and $326 million in 
2010 and 2009, respectively. The year-over- year increase in other income and expense during 20 11 was due primarily to higher interest income 
and net realized gains on sales of marketable secur ities. The overall decrease in other income and exp ense in 2010 compared to 2009 was 
attributable to the significant declines in interes t rates on a year-over-year basis, partially offset  by the Company’ s higher cash, cash equivalents 
and marketable securities balances. Additionally th e Company incurred higher premium expenses on its f oreign exchange option contracts, 
which further reduced the total other income and ex pense. The weighted average interest rate earned by  the Company on its cash, cash 
equivalents and marketable securities was 0.77%, 0. 75% and 1.43% during 2011, 2010 and 2009, respectiv ely. During 2011, 2010 and 2009, the 
Company had no debt outstanding and accordingly did  not incur any related interest expense.  
Provision for Income Taxes  
The Company’s effective tax rates were approximatel y 24.2%, 24.4% and 31.8% for 2011, 2010 and 2009, r espectively. The Company’ s 
effective rates for these periods differ from the s tatutory federal income tax rate of  
   
36       2011     2010     2009   
Interest and dividend income     $    519      $    311      $    407    
Other expense, net       (104 )        (156 )        (81 )    
                               
Total other income and expense     $ 415      $ 155      $ 326    
           
          
          35% due primarily to certain undistributed foreign earnings for which no U.S. taxes are provided becau se such earnings are intended to be 
indefinitely reinvested outside the U.S.  
As of September 24, 2011, the Company had deferred tax assets arising from deductible temporary differ ences, tax losses, and tax credits of $3.2 
billion, and deferred tax liabilities of $9.2 billi on. Management believes it is more likely than not that forecasted income, including income that 
may be generated as a result of certain tax plannin g strategies, together with future reversals of exi sting taxable temporary differences, will be 
sufficient to fully recover the deferred tax assets . The Company will continue to evaluate the realiza bility of deferred tax assets quarterly by 
assessing the need for and amount of a valuation al lowance.  
The Internal Revenue Service (the “IRS”) has comple ted its field audit of the Company’ s federal income tax returns for the years 2004 thr ough 
2006 and proposed certain adjustments. The Company has contested certain of these adjustments through the IRS Appeals Office. The IRS is 
currently examining the years 2007 through 2009. Al l IRS audit issues for years prior to 2004 have bee n resolved. In addition, the Company is 
subject to audits by state, local, and foreign tax authorities. Management believes that adequate prov isions have been made for any adjustments 
that may result from tax examinations. However, the  outcome of tax audits cannot be predicted with cer tainty. If any issues addressed in the 
Company’s tax audits are resolved in a manner not c onsistent with management’s expectations, the Compa ny could be required to adjust its 
provision for income taxes in the period such resol ution occurs.  
Liquidity and Capital Resources  
The following table presents selected financial inf ormation and statistics as of and for the three yea rs ended September 24, 2011 (in millions):  
   
Cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities in creased $30.6 billion or 60% during 2011. The princ ipal components of this net increase was 
the cash generated by operating activities of $37.5  billion, which was partially offset by payments fo r acquisition of property, plant and 
equipment of $4.3 billion, payments for acquisition  of intangible assets of $3.2 billion and payments made in connection with business 
acquisitions, net of cash acquired, of $244 million . The Company believes its existing balances of cas h, cash equivalents and marketable 
securities will be sufficient to satisfy its workin g capital needs, capital asset purchases, outstandi ng commitments and other liquidity 
requirements associated with its existing operation s over the next 12 months.  
The Company’ s marketable securities investment portfolio is inv ested primarily in highly rated securities and its policy generally limits the 
amount of credit exposure to any one issuer. The Co mpany’s investment policy requires investments to general ly be investment grade with the 
objective of minimizing the potential risk of princ ipal loss. As of September 24, 2011 and September 2 5, 2010, $54.3 billion and $30.8 billion, 
respectively, of the Company’ s cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities were held by foreign subsidiaries and are generally  based in 
U.S. dollar-denominated holdings. Amounts held by f oreign subsidiaries are generally subject to U.S. i ncome taxation on repatriation to the U.S. 
Capital Assets  
The Company’ s capital expenditures were $4.6 billion during 201 1, consisting of approximately $614 million for ret ail store facilities and $4.0 
billion for other capital expenditures, including p roduct tooling and manufacturing  
   
37       2011      2010      2009   
Cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities     $ 81,570       $ 51,011       $ 33,992    
Accounts receivable, net     $ 5,369       $ 5,510       $ 3,361    
Inventories     $ 776       $ 1,051       $ 455    
Working capital     $ 17,018       $ 20,956       $ 20,049    
Annual operating cash flow     $ 37,529       $ 18,595       $ 10,159    process equipment, real estate for the future devel opment of the Company’ s second corporate campus, and other corporate faci lities and 
infrastructure. The Company’ s actual cash payments for capital expenditures dur ing 2011 were $4.3 billion, of which $612 million r elates to 
retail store facilities.  
The Company anticipates utilizing approximately $8. 0 billion for capital expenditures during 2012, inc luding approximately $900 million for 
retail store facilities and approximately $7.1 bill ion for product tooling and manufacturing process e quipment, and corporate facilities and 
infrastructure, including information systems hardw are, software and enhancements.  
During 2012, the Company expects to open about 40 n ew retail stores, approximately three-quarters of w hich will be located outside of the U.S.  
Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements and Contractual Obli gations  
The Company has not entered into any transactions w ith unconsolidated entities whereby the Company has  financial guarantees, subordinated 
retained interests, derivative instruments, or othe r contingent arrangements that expose the Company t o material continuing risks, contingent 
liabilities, or any other obligation under a variab le interest in an unconsolidated entity that provid es financing, liquidity, market risk, or credit 
risk support to the Company.  
The following table presents certain payments due b y the Company under contractual obligations with mi nimum firm commitments as of 
September 24, 2011 and excludes amounts already rec orded on the Consolidated Balance Sheet (in million s):  
   
Lease Commitments  
The Company’ s major facility leases are typically for terms not  exceeding 10 years and generally provide renewal o ptions for terms not 
exceeding five additional years. Leases for retail space are for terms ranging from five to 20 years, the majority of which are for 10 years, and 
often contain multi-year renewal options. As of Sep tember 24, 2011, the Company’ s total future minimum lease payments under noncanc elable 
operating leases were $3.0 billion, of which $2.4 b illion related to leases for retail space.  
Purchase Commitments with Contract Manufacturers an d Component Suppliers  
The Company utilizes several outsourcing partners t o manufacture sub-assemblies for the Company’ s products and to perform final assembly 
and test of finished products. These outsourcing pa rtners acquire components and build product based o n demand information supplied by the 
Company, which typically covers periods up to 150 d ays. The Company also obtains individual components  for its products from a wide variety 
of individual suppliers. Consistent with industry p ractice, the Company acquires components through a combination of purchase orders, supplier 
contracts, and open orders based on projected deman d information. As of September 24, 2011, the Compan y had outstanding off- balance sheet 
third-party manufacturing commitments and component  purchase commitments of $13.9 billion.  
   
38           Total          Payments  
Due in  
Less Than  
1 Year      Payments  
Due in 1-3  
Years      Payments  
Due in 4-5  
Years      Payments  
Due in  
More  
Than  
5 Years   
Operating leases     $ 3,032       $ 338       $ 727       $ 665       $ 1,302    
Purchase obligations         13,949           13,949         0                    0                    0    
Other obligations       2,415         2,297                114         4         0    
           
           
           
           
           
Total     $ 19,396       $ 16,584       $ 841       $ 669       $ 1,302    
           
           
           
           
           Other Obligations  
Other outstanding obligations were $2.4 billion as of September 24, 2011, and were comprised mainly of  commitments under long- term supply 
agreements to make additional inventory component p repayments and to acquire capital equipment, commit ments to acquire product tooling and 
manufacturing process equipment, and commitments re lated to advertising, research and development, Int ernet and telecommunications services 
and other obligations.  
The Company’s other non- current liabilities in the Consolidated Balance She ets consist primarily of deferred tax liabilities, gross unrecognized 
tax benefits and the related gross interest and pen alties. As of September 24, 2011, the Company had n on-current deferred tax liabilities of $8.2 
billion. Additionally, as of September 24, 2011, th e Company had gross unrecognized tax benefits of $1 .4 billion and an additional $261 million 
for gross interest and penalties classified as non- current liabilities. At this time, the Company is u nable to make a reasonably reliable estimate of 
the timing of payments in individual years in conne ction with these tax liabilities; therefore, such a mounts are not included in the above 
contractual obligation table.  
Indemnification  
The Company generally does not indemnify end- users of its operating system and application softw are against legal claims that the software 
infringes third- party intellectual property rights. Other agreement s entered into by the Company sometimes include ind emnification provisions 
under which the Company could be subject to costs a nd/or damages in the event of an infringement claim  against the Company or an 
indemnified third- party. However, the Company has not been required t o make any significant payments resulting from such  an infringement 
claim asserted against it or an indemnified third- party. In the opinion of management, there was not at least a reasonable possibility the Company 
may have incurred a material loss with respect to i ndemnification of end- users of its operating system or application softwa re for infringement of 
third-party intellectual property rights. The Company did  not record a liability for infringement costs rela ted to indemnification as of either 
September 24, 2011 or September 25, 2010.  
The Company has entered into indemnification agreem ents with its directors and executive officers. Und er these agreements, the Company has 
agreed to indemnify such individuals to the fullest  extent permitted by law against liabilities that a rise by reason of their status as directors or 
officers and to advance expenses incurred by such i ndividuals in connection with related legal proceed ings. It is not possible to determine the 
maximum potential amount of payments the Company co uld be required to make under these agreements due to the limited history of prior 
indemnification claims and the unique facts and cir cumstances involved in each claim. However, the Com pany maintains directors and officers 
liability insurance coverage to reduce its exposure  to such obligations, and payments made under these  agreements historically have not been 
material.  
   
Interest Rate and Foreign Currency Risk Management  
The Company regularly reviews its foreign exchange forward and option positions, both on a stand- alone basis and in conjunction with its 
underlying foreign currency and interest rate relat ed exposures. Given the effective horizons of the C ompany’s risk management activities and 
the anticipatory nature of the exposures, there can  be no assurance these positions will offset more t han a portion of the financial impact resulting 
from movements in either foreign exchange or intere st rates. Further, the recognition timing of gains and losses related to these instruments for 
any given period may not coincide with the timing o f gains and losses related to the underlying econom ic exposures and, therefore, may 
adversely affect the Company’s financial condition and operating results.  
   
39  Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Mark et Risk Interest Rate Risk  
While the Company is exposed to interest rate fluct uations in many of the world’s leading industrializ ed countries, the Company’ s interest 
income and expense is most sensitive to fluctuation s in U.S. interest rates. Changes in U.S. interest rates affect the interest earned on the 
Company’s cash, cash equivalents and marketable sec urities, the fair value of those securities, as wel l as costs associated with hedging.  
The Company’ s investment policy and strategy are focused on pre servation of capital and supporting the liquidity r equirements of the Company. 
A portion of the Company’s cash is managed by exter nal managers within the guidelines of the Company’ s investment policy and to objective 
market benchmarks. The Company’s internal portfolio  is benchmarked against external manager performanc e.  
The Company’s exposure to changes in interest rates  relates primarily to the Company’ s investment portfolio. The Company typically inves ts in 
highly rated securities and its policy generally li mits the amount of credit exposure to any one issue r. The Company’ s investment policy 
generally requires investments to be investment gra de, with the objective of minimizing the potential risk of principal loss.  
To provide a meaningful assessment of the interest rate risk associated with the Company’ s investment portfolio, the Company performed a 
sensitivity analysis to determine the impact a chan ge in interest rates would have on the value of the  investment portfolio assuming a 100 basis 
point parallel shift in the yield curve. Based on i nvestment positions as of September 24, 2011, a hyp othetical 100 basis point increase in interest 
rates across all maturities would result in a $913 million incremental decline in the fair market valu e of the portfolio. As of September 25, 2010, 
a similar 100 basis point shift in the yield curve would have resulted in a $477 million incremental d ecline in the fair market value of the 
portfolio. Such losses would only be realized if th e Company sold the investments prior to maturity.  
Foreign Currency Risk  
In general, the Company is a net receiver of curren cies other than the U.S. dollar. Accordingly, chang es in exchange rates, and in particular a 
strengthening of the U.S. dollar, will negatively a ffect the Company’ s net sales and gross margins as expressed in U.S. dollars. There is a risk 
that the Company will have to adjust local currency  product pricing due to competitive pressures when there have been significant volatility in 
foreign currency exchange rates.  
The Company may enter into foreign currency forward  and option contracts with financial institutions t o protect against foreign exchange risks 
associated with certain existing assets and liabili ties, certain firmly committed transactions, foreca sted future cash flows, and net investments in 
foreign subsidiaries. Generally, the Company’ s practice is to hedge a majority of its material f oreign exchange exposures, typically for up to six 
months. However, the Company may choose not to hedg e certain foreign exchange exposures for a variety of reasons, including but not limited 
to accounting considerations and the prohibitive ec onomic cost of hedging particular exposures.  
To provide a meaningful assessment of the foreign c urrency risk associated with certain of the Company ’s foreign currency derivative positions, 
the Company performed a sensitivity analysis using a value-at-risk (“VAR”) model to assess the potential impact of fluctuation s in exchange 
rates. The VAR model consisted of using a Monte Car lo simulation to generate thousands of random marke t price paths assuming normal market 
conditions. The VAR is the maximum expected loss in  fair value, for a given confidence interval, to th e Company’ s foreign currency derivative 
positions due to adverse movements in rates. The VA R model is not intended to represent actual losses but is used as a risk estimation and 
management tool. The model assumes normal market co nditions. Forecasted transactions, firm commitments , and assets and liabilities 
denominated in foreign currencies were excluded fro m the model. Based on the results of the model, the  Company estimates with 95% 
confidence a maximum one-day loss in fair value of $161 million as of September 24, 2011 compared to a   
   
40  maximum one- day loss in fair value of $103 million as of Septem ber 25, 2010. Because the Company uses foreign curr ency instruments for 
hedging purposes, the loss in fair value incurred o n those instruments are generally offset by increas es in the fair value of the underlying 
exposures.  
Actual future gains and losses associated with the Company’ s investment portfolio and derivative positions may  differ materially from the 
sensitivity analyses performed as of September 24, 2011 due to the inherent limitations associated wit h predicting the timing and amount of 
changes in interest rates, foreign currency exchang es rates and the Company’s actual exposures and pos itions.  
   
41     
All financial statement schedules have been omitted , since the required information is not applicable or is not present in amounts sufficient to 
require submission of the schedule, or because the information required is included in the consolidate d financial statements and notes thereto.  
   
42  Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
Index to Consolidated Financial Statements    Page   
Consolidated Statements of Operations for the three  years ended September 24, 2011       43    
Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 24, 201 1 and September 25, 2010       44    
Consolidated Statements of Shareholders ’ Equity for the three years ended September 24, 2011        45    
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the three  years ended September 24, 2011       46    
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements       47    
Selected Quarterly Financial Information (Unaudited )       75    
Reports of Ernst & Young LLP, Independent Registere d Public Accounting Firm       76    CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS  
(In millions, except number of shares which are ref lected in thousands and per share amounts)  
   
See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial St atements.  
   
43  Three years ended September 24, 2011    2011      2010      2009   
Net sales     $ 108,249       $ 65,225       $ 42,905    
Cost of sales       64,431         39,541         25,683    
                                 
Gross margin       43,818         25,684         17,222    
                                 
Operating expenses:           
Research and development       2,429         1,782         1,333    
Selling, general and administrative       7,599         5,517         4,149    
           
           
           
Total operating expenses       10,028         7,299         5,482    
           
           
           
Operating income       33,790         18,385         11,740    
Other income and expense       415         155         326    
                                 
Income before provision for income taxes       34,205         18,540         12,066    
Provision for income taxes       8,283         4,527         3,831    
                                 
Net income     $ 25,922       $ 14,013       $ 8,235    
           
           
           
Earnings per common share:           
Basic     $ 28.05       $ 15.41       $ 9.22    
Diluted     $ 27.68       $ 15.15       $ 9.08    
Shares used in computing earnings per share:           
Basic       924,258         909,461         893,016    
Diluted       936,645         924,712         907,005    CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS  
(In millions, except number of shares which are ref lected in thousands)  
   
See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial St atements.  
   
44       September 24, 2011      September 25, 2010   
ASSETS:       
Current assets:        
Cash and cash equivalents     $ 9,815       $ 11,261    
Short -term marketable securities       16,137         14,359    
Accounts receivable, less allowances of $53 and $55 , respectively       5,369         5,510    
Inventories       776         1,051    
Deferred tax assets       2,014         1,636    
Vendor non -trade receivables       6,348         4,414    
Other current assets       4,529         3,447    
                      
Total current assets       44,988         41,678    
Long -term marketable securities       55,618         25,391    
Property, plant and equipment, net       7,777         4,768    
Goodwill       896         741    
Acquired intangible assets, net       3,536         342    
Other assets       3,556         2,263    
                      
Total assets     $ 116,371       $ 75,183    
           
           
LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS ’ EQUITY:       
Current liabilities:        
Accounts payable     $ 14,632       $ 12,015    
Accrued expenses       9,247         5,723    
Deferred revenue       4,091         2,984    
                      
Total current liabilities       27,970         20,722    
Deferred revenue – non -current       1,686         1,139    
Other non -current liabilities       10,100         5,531    
                      
Total liabilities       39,756         27,392    
                      
Commitments and contingencies        
Shareholders ’ equity:        
Common stock, no par value; 1,800,000 shares author ized; 929,277 and 
915,970 shares issued and outstanding, respectively        13,331         10,668    
Retained earnings       62,841         37,169    
Accumulated other comprehensive income/(loss)       443         (46 )  
                      
Total shareholders ’ equity       76,615         47,791    
                      
Total liabilities and shareholders ’ equity     $ 116,371       $ 75,183    
           
           CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY  
(In millions, except number of shares which are ref lected in thousands)  
   
See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial St atements.  
   
45       Common Stock     
Retained  
Earnings     Accum-  
ulated  
Other  
Compre- 
hensive  
Income/  
(Loss)     Total  
Share-  
holders’  
Equity        Shares      Amount         
Balances as of September 27, 2008       888,326       $ 7,177      $ 15,129      $ (9 )    $ 22,297    
                                                    
Components of comprehensive income:              
Net income       0         0        8,235        0        8,235    
Change in foreign currency translation       0         0        0        (14 )      (14 )  
Change in unrealized gains/losses on marketable sec urities, net of tax       0         0        0        118        118    
Change in unrecognized gains/losses on derivative i nstruments, net of 
tax       0         0        0        (18 )      (18 )  
                    
Total comprehensive income                8,321    
Share -based compensation       0         707        0        0        707    
Common stock issued under stock plans, net of share s withheld for 
employee taxes       11,480         404        (11 )      0        393    
Tax benefit from equity awards, including transfer pricing adjustments       0         (78 )      0        0        (78 )  
           
           
          
          
          
Balances as of September 26, 2009       899,806         8,210        23,353               77        31,640    
           
           
          
          
          
Components of comprehensive income:              
Net income       0         0        14,013        0        14,013    
Change in foreign currency translation       0         0        0        7        7    
Change in unrealized gains/losses on marketable sec urities, net of tax       0         0        0        123        123    
Change in unrecognized gains/losses on derivative i nstruments, net of 
tax       0         0        0        (253 )      (253 )  
                    
Total comprehensive income                13,890    
Share -based compensation       0         876        0        0        876    
Common stock issued under stock plans, net of share s withheld for 
employee taxes       16,164         703        (197 )      0        506    
Tax benefit from equity awards, including transfer pricing adjustments       0         879        0        0        879    
                                                    
Balances as of September 25, 2010       915,970         10,668        37,169        (46 )      47,791    
                                                    
Components of comprehensive income:              
Net income       0         0        25,922        0        25,922    
Change in foreign currency translation       0         0        0        (12 )      (12 )  
Change in unrealized gains/losses on marketable sec urities, net of tax       0         0        0        (41 )      (41 )  
Change in unrecognized gains/losses on derivative i nstruments, net of 
tax       0         0        0        542        542    
                    
Total comprehensive income                26,411    
Share -based compensation       0         1,168        0        0        1,168    
Common stock issued under stock plans, net of share s withheld for 
employee taxes       13,307         561        (250 )      0        311    
Tax benefit from equity awards, including transfer pricing adjustments       0         934        0        0        934    
                                                    
Balances as of September 24, 2011       929,277       $ 13,331      $   62,841      $ 443      $ 76,615    
           
           
          
          
          CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS  
(In millions)  
   
See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial St atements.  
   
46  Three years ended September 24, 2011    2011     2010     2009   
Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of the year     $ 11,261      $ 5,263      $ 11,875    
                               
Operating activities:         
Net income       25,922           14,013           8,235    
Adjustments to reconcile net income to cash generat ed by operating activities:         
Depreciation, amortization and accretion       1,814        1,027        734    
Share -based compensation expense       1,168        879        710    
Deferred income tax expense       2,868        1,440        1,040    
Changes in operating assets and liabilities:         
Accounts receivable, net       143        (2,142 )      (939 )  
Inventories       275        (596 )      54    
Vendor non -trade receivables       (1,934 )      (2,718 )      586    
Other current and non -current assets       (1,391 )      (1,610 )      (713 )  
Accounts payable       2,515        6,307        92    
Deferred revenue       1,654        1,217        521    
Other current and non -current liabilities       4,495        778        (161 )  
                               
Cash generated by operating activities       37,529        18,595           10,159    
                               
Investing activities:         
Purchases of marketable securities       (102,317 )      (57,793 )      (46,724 )  
Proceeds from maturities of marketable securities       20,437        24,930        19,790    
Proceeds from sales of marketable securities       49,416        21,788        10,888    
Payments made in connection with business acquisiti ons, net of cash acquired       (244 )      (638 )      0    
Payments for acquisition of property, plant and equ ipment       (4,260 )      (2,005 )      (1,144 )  
Payments for acquisition of intangible assets       (3,192 )      (116 )      (69 )  
Other       (259 )      (20 )      (175 )  
                               
Cash used in investing activities       (40,419 )      (13,854 )      (17,434 )  
                               
Financing activities:         
Proceeds from issuance of common stock       831        912        475    
Excess tax benefits from equity awards       1,133        751        270    
Taxes paid related to net share settlement of equit y awards       (520 )      (406 )      (82 )  
                               
Cash generated by financing activities       1,444        1,257        663    
                               
(Decrease)/increase in cash and cash equivalents       (1,446 )      5,998        (6,612 )  
                               
Cash and cash equivalents, end of the year     $ 9,815      $ 11,261      $ 5,263    
           
          
          
Supplemental cash flow disclosure:         
Cash paid for income taxes, net     $ 3,338      $ 2,697      $ 2,997    NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
Note 1 – Summary of Significant Accounting Policies   
Apple Inc. and its wholly-owned subsidiaries (colle ctively “Apple” or the “Company”) designs, manufactures, and markets mobile 
communication and media devices, personal computers , and portable digital music players, and sells a v ariety of related software, services, 
peripherals, networking solutions, and third- party digital content and applications. The Company  sells its products worldwide through its retail 
stores, online stores, and direct sales force, as w ell as through third-party cellular network carrier s, wholesalers, retailers and value- added 
resellers. In addition, the Company sells a variety  of third-party iPhone, iPad, Mac, and iPod compatible produc ts including application software, 
printers, storage devices, speakers, headphones, an d various other accessories and supplies through it s online and retail stores. The Company 
sells to consumers, small and mid-sized businesses,  education, enterprise and government customers.  
Basis of Presentation and Preparation  
The accompanying consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company. Intercompany a ccounts and transactions have been 
eliminated. The preparation of these consolidated f inancial statements in conformity with U.S. general ly accepted accounting principles 
(“GAAP”) requires management to make estimates and assumptio ns that affect the amounts reported in these consol idated financial statements 
and accompanying notes. Actual results could differ  materially from those estimates. Certain prior yea r amounts in the consolidated financial 
statements and notes thereto have been reclassified  to conform to the current year’s presentation.  
The Company’s fiscal year is the 52 or 53-week peri od that ends on the last Saturday of September. The  Company’ s fiscal years 2011, 2010 and 
2009 ended on September 24, 2011, September 25, 201 0 and September 26, 2009, respectively, and include d 52 weeks each. An additional week 
is included in the first fiscal quarter approximate ly every six years to realign fiscal quarters with calendar quarters. Fiscal year 2012 will end on 
September 29, 2012, and will span 53 weeks, with a 14th week added to the first quarter of 2012. Unles s otherwise stated, references to 
particular years or quarters refer to the Company’s  fiscal years ended in September and the associated  quarters of those fiscal years.  
During the first quarter of 2011, the Company adopt ed the Financial Accounting Standard Board’s (“FASB ”) new accounting standard on 
consolidation of variable interest entities. This n ew accounting standard eliminates the mandatory qua ntitative approach in determining control 
for evaluating whether variable interest entities n eed to be consolidated in favor of a qualitative an alysis, and requires an ongoing 
reassessment of control over such entities. The ado ption of this new accounting standard did not impac t the Company’ s consolidated financial 
statements.  
Revenue Recognition  
Net sales consist primarily of revenue from the sal e of hardware, software, digital content and applic ations, peripherals, and service and support 
contracts. The Company recognizes revenue when pers uasive evidence of an arrangement exists, delivery has occurred, the sales price is fixed or 
determinable, and collection is probable. Product i s considered delivered to the customer once it has been shipped and title and risk of loss have 
been transferred. For most of the Company’ s product sales, these criteria are met at the time  the product is shipped. For online sales to 
individuals, for some sales to education customers in the U.S., and for certain other sales, the Compa ny defers revenue until the customer 
receives the product because the Company legally re tains a portion of the risk of loss on these sales during transit. The Company recognizes 
revenue from the sale of hardware products, softwar e bundled with hardware that is essential to the fu nctionality of the hardware, and third- party 
digital content sold on the iTunes Store in accorda nce with general revenue recognition accounting gui dance. The Company recognizes revenue 
in accordance with industry specific software accou nting guidance for the following types of sales tra nsactions: (i) standalone sales of software 
products, (ii) sales of software upgrades and (iii)  sales of software bundled with hardware not essent ial to the functionality of the hardware.  
   
47  The Company sells software and peripheral products obtained from other companies. The Company generall y establishes its own pricing and 
retains related inventory risk, is the primary obli gor in sales transactions with its customers, and a ssumes the credit risk for amounts billed to its 
customers. Accordingly, the Company generally recog nizes revenue for the sale of products obtained fro m other companies based on the gross 
amount billed. For sales of third-party software ap plications for iPhone, iPad and iPod touch (“iOS de vices”) and Macs made through the App 
Store and the Mac App Store, the Company is not the  primary obligor to users of the software, and thir d- party developers determine the selling 
price of their software. Therefore, the Company acc ounts for such sales on a net basis by recognizing only the commission it retains from each 
sale and including that commission in net sales in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. The port ion of the sales price paid by users that is 
remitted by the Company to third-party developers i s not reflected in the Company’s Consolidated State ments of Operations.  
The Company records deferred revenue when it receiv es payments in advance of the delivery of products or the performance of services. This 
includes amounts that have been deferred for unspec ified and specified software upgrade rights and non -software services that are attached to 
hardware and software products. The Company sells g ift cards redeemable at its retail and online store s, and also sells gift cards redeemable on 
the iTunes Store for the purchase of content and so ftware. The Company records deferred revenue upon t he sale of the card, which is relieved 
upon redemption of the card by the customer. Revenu e from AppleCare service and support contracts is d eferred and recognized over the service 
coverage periods. AppleCare service and support con tracts typically include extended phone support, re pair services, web- based support 
resources and diagnostic tools offered under the Co mpany’s standard limited warranty.  
The Company records reductions to revenue for estim ated commitments related to price protection and fo r customer incentive programs, 
including reseller and end-user rebates, and other sales programs and volume- based incentives. The estimated cost of these progr ams is 
recognized in the period the Company has sold the p roduct and committed to a plan. The Company also re cords reductions to revenue for 
expected future product returns based on the Compan y’s historical experience. Revenue is recorded net of  taxes collected from customers that 
are remitted to governmental authorities, with the collected taxes recorded as current liabilities unt il remitted to the relevant government 
authority.  
Revenue Recognition for Arrangements with Multiple Deliverables  
For multi-element arrangements that include hardwar e products containing software essential to the har dware product’ s functionality, 
undelivered software elements that relate to the ha rdware product’s essential software, and undelivere d non-software services, the Company 
allocates revenue to all deliverables based on thei r relative selling prices. In such circumstances, t he Company uses a hierarchy to determine the 
selling price to be used for allocating revenue to deliverables: (i) vendor-specific objective evidenc e of fair value (“VSOE”), (ii) third- party 
evidence of selling price (“TPE”), and (iii) best e stimate of the selling price (“ESP”). VSOE generally exists only when the Company sells t he 
deliverable separately and is the price actually ch arged by the Company for that deliverable. ESPs ref lect the Company’ s best estimates of what 
the selling prices of elements would be if they wer e sold regularly on a stand-alone basis.  
For sales of iPhone, iPad, Apple TV, for sales of i Pod touch beginning in June 2010, and for sales of Mac beginning in June 2011, the Company 
has indicated it may from time-to- time provide future unspecified software upgrades a nd features to the essential software bundled with each of 
these hardware products free of charge to customers . Essential software for iOS devices includes iOS a nd related applications and for Mac 
includes Mac OS X and iLife. In June 2011, the Comp any announced it would provide various non- software services to owners of qualifying 
versions of iOS devices and Mac. The Company has id entified up to three deliverables in arrangements i nvolving the sale of these devices. The 
first deliverable is the hardware and software esse ntial to the functionality of the hardware device d elivered at the time of sale. The second 
deliverable is the embedded right included with the  purchase of iOS devices, Mac and Apple TV to recei ve on a when-and-if- available basis, 
future unspecified software upgrades and features r elating to the product’s essential software. The th ird  
   
48  deliverable is the non- software services to be provided to qualifying vers ions of iOS devices and Mac. The Company allocates revenue between 
these deliverables using the relative selling price  method. Because the Company has neither VSOE nor T PE for these deliverables, the allocation 
of revenue has been based on the Company’ s ESPs. Amounts allocated to the delivered hardware  and the related essential software are 
recognized at the time of sale provided the other c onditions for revenue recognition have been met. Am ounts allocated to the embedded 
unspecified software upgrade rights and the non-sof tware services are deferred and recognized on a str aight-line basis over the estimated lives of 
each of these devices, which range from 24 to 48 mo nths. Cost of sales related to delivered hardware a nd related essential software, including 
estimated warranty costs, are recognized at the tim e of sale. Costs incurred to provide non- software services are recognized as cost of sales a s 
incurred, and engineering and sales and marketing c osts are recognized as operating expenses as incurr ed.  
The Company’ s process for determining its ESP for deliverables without VSOE or TPE considers multiple factors that  may vary depending upon 
the unique facts and circumstances related to each deliverable. The Company believes its customers, pa rticularly consumers, would be reluctant 
to buy unspecified software upgrade rights related to iOS devices, Mac and Apple TV. This view is prim arily based on the fact that unspecified 
upgrade rights do not obligate the Company to provi de upgrades at a particular time or at all, and do not specify to customers which upgrades or 
features will be delivered. The Company also believ es its customers would be unwilling to pay a signif icant amount for access to the non-
software services because other companies offer sim ilar services at little or no cost to users. Theref ore, the Company has concluded that if it 
were to sell upgrade rights or access to the non- software services on a standalone basis, including those rights and services attached to iOS 
devices, Mac and Apple TV, the selling prices would  be relatively low. Key factors considered by the C ompany in developing the ESPs for 
software upgrade rights include prices charged by t he Company for similar offerings, market trends for  pricing of Mac and iOS compatible 
software, the Company’s historical pricing practice s, the nature of the upgrade rights (e.g., unspecif ied and when-and-if- available), and the 
relative ESP of the upgrade rights as compared to t he total selling price of the product. The Company may also consider, when appropriate, the 
impact of other products and services, including ad vertising services, on selling price assumptions wh en developing and reviewing its ESPs for 
software upgrade rights and related deliverables. T he Company may also consider additional factors as appropriate, including the pricing of 
competitive alternatives if they exist and product- specific business objectives. When relevant, the sa me factors are considered by the Company 
in developing ESPs for offerings such as the non-so ftware services; however, the primary consideration  in developing ESPs for the non- software 
services is the estimated cost to provide such serv ices over the estimated life of the related devices , including consideration for a reasonable 
profit margin.  
Beginning with the Company’s June 2011 announcement  of the upcoming release of the non- software services and Mac OS X Lion, the 
Company’s combined ESP for the unspecified software  upgrade rights and the right to receive the non- software services are as follows: $16 for 
iPhone and iPad, $11 for iPod touch, and $22 for Ma c. The Company’ s ESP for the embedded unspecified software upgrade  right included with 
each Apple TV is $5 for 2011 and $10 for fiscal yea rs prior to 2011. Amounts allocated to the embedded  unspecified software upgrade rights and 
the non-software services associated with iOS devic es and Apple TV are recognized on a straight- line basis over 24 months, and amounts 
allocated to the embedded unspecified software upgr ade rights and the non-software services associated  with Macs are recognized on a straight-
line basis over 48 months.  
The Company’ s ESP for the software upgrade right included with each iPhone sold beginning with the introduction of  iPhone in June 2007 
through the Company’s second quarter of 2010 was $2 5. Beginning in April 2010 in conjunction with the Company’ s announcement of iOS 4 
for iPhone, the Company lowered its ESP for the sof tware upgrade right included with each iPhone to $1 0. Beginning with initial sales of iPad in 
April 2010, the Company’s ESP for the embedded soft ware upgrade right included with the sale of each i Pad is $10, and the Company’ s ESP for 
the embedded software upgrade right included with e ach iPod touch sold beginning in June 2010 is $5.  
The Company accounts for multiple element arrangeme nts that consist only of software or software- related products, including the sale of 
upgrades to previously sold software, in accordance  with industry specific  
   
49  software accounting guidance. For such transactions , revenue on arrangements that include multiple ele ments is allocated to each element based 
on the relative fair value of each element, and fai r value is determined by VSOE. If the Company canno t objectively determine the fair value of 
any undelivered element included in such multiple- element arrangements, the Company defers revenue un til all elements are delivered and 
services have been performed, or until fair value c an objectively be determined for any remaining unde livered elements. Beginning in July 2011, 
the sale of certain upgrades to Mac OS X and Mac ve rsions of iLife include when-and-if- available upgrade rights for which the Company does  
not have VSOE. Therefore, beginning in July 2011 th e Company defers all revenue from the sale of upgra des to the Mac OS and Mac versions 
of iLife and recognizes it ratably over 36 months.  
Shipping Costs  
For all periods presented, amounts billed to custom ers related to shipping and handling are classified  as revenue, and the Company’ s shipping 
and handling costs are included in cost of sales.  
Warranty Expense  
The Company generally provides for the estimated co st of hardware and software warranties at the time the related revenue is recognized. The 
Company assesses the adequacy of its pre- existing warranty liabilities and adjusts the amoun ts as necessary based on actual experience and 
changes in future estimates.  
Software Development Costs  
Research and development costs are expensed as incu rred. Development costs of computer software to be sold, leased, or otherwise marketed are 
subject to capitalization beginning when a product’ s technological feasibility has been established an d ending when a product is available for 
general release to customers. In most instances, th e Company’ s products are released soon after technological fe asibility has been established. 
Therefore, costs incurred subsequent to achievement  of technological feasibility are usually not signi ficant, and generally most software 
development costs have been expensed as incurred.  
The Company did not capitalize any software develop ment costs during 2011 and 2010. In 2009, the Compa ny capitalized $71 million of costs 
associated with the development of Mac OS X Version  10.6 Snow Leopard (“Mac OS X Snow Leopard”), which was released during the fourth 
quarter of 2009. The capitalized costs are being am ortized to cost of sales on a straight- line basis over a three year estimated useful life of the 
underlying technology.  
Total amortization related to capitalized software development costs was $30 million, $48 million and $25 million in 2011, 2010 and 2009, 
respectively.  
Advertising Costs  
Advertising costs are expensed as incurred. Adverti sing expense was $933 million, $691 million and $50 1 million for 2011, 2010 and 2009, 
respectively.  
Share-based Compensation  
The Company recognizes expense related to share- based payment transactions in which it receives emp loyee services in exchange for (a) equity 
instruments of the Company or (b) liabilities that are based on the fair value of the enterprise’ s equity instruments or that may be settled by the 
issuance of such equity instruments. Share-based co mpensation cost for restricted stock units (“RSUs”)  is measured based on the closing fair 
market value of the Company’s common stock on the d ate of grant. Share- based compensation cost for stock options is estima ted at the grant 
date based on each option’s fair-value as calculate d by the Black-Scholes-Merton (“BSM”) option- pricing model. The Company recognizes 
share-based compensation cost as expense ratably on  a straight-line  
   
50  basis over the requisite service period. The Compan y recognizes a benefit from share- based compensation in the Consolidated Statements o f 
Shareholders’ Equity if an incremental tax benefit is realized. In addition, the Company recognizes th e indirect effects of share- based 
compensation on research and development tax credit s, foreign tax credits and domestic manufacturing d eductions in the Consolidated 
Statements of Operations. Further information regar ding share-based compensation can be found in Note 6, “Shareholders’ Equity and Share-
based Compensation” of this Form 10-K.  
Income Taxes  
The provision for income taxes is computed using th e asset and liability method, under which deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized 
for the expected future tax consequences of tempora ry differences between the financial reporting and tax bases of assets and liabilities, and for 
operating losses and tax credit carryforwards. Defe rred tax assets and liabilities are measured using the currently enacted tax rates that apply to 
taxable income in effect for the years in which tho se tax assets are expected to be realized or settle d. The Company records a valuation 
allowance to reduce deferred tax assets to the amou nt that is believed more likely than not to be real ized.  
The Company recognizes the tax benefit from an unce rtain tax position only if it is more likely than n ot the tax position will be sustained on 
examination by the taxing authorities, based on the  technical merits of the position. The tax benefits  recognized in the financial statements from 
such positions are then measured based on the large st benefit that has a greater than 50% likelihood o f being realized upon settlement. See Note 
5, “Income Taxes” of this Form 10-K for additional information.  
Earnings Per Common Share  
Basic earnings per common share is computed by divi ding income available to common shareholders by the  weighted- average number of shares 
of common stock outstanding during the period. Dilu ted earnings per common share is computed by dividi ng income available to common 
shareholders by the weighted- average number of shares of common stock outstandin g during the period increased to include the number  of 
additional shares of common stock that would have b een outstanding if the potentially dilutive securit ies had been issued. Potentially dilutive 
securities include outstanding stock options, share s to be purchased under the employee stock purchase  plan and unvested RSUs. The dilutive 
effect of potentially dilutive securities is reflec ted in diluted earnings per common share by applica tion of the treasury stock method. Under the 
treasury stock method, an increase in the fair mark et value of the Company’ s common stock can result in a greater dilutive eff ect from 
potentially dilutive securities.  
The following table sets forth the computation of b asic and diluted earnings per common share for the three years ended September 24, 2011 (in 
thousands, except net income in millions and per sh are amounts):  
   
Potentially dilutive securities representing 1.7 mi llion, 1.6 million and 12.6 million shares of commo n stock for 2011, 2010 and 2009, 
respectively, were excluded from the computation of  diluted earnings per common share for these period s because their effect would have been 
antidilutive.  
   
51       2011      2010      2009   
Numerator:           
Net income     $ 25,922       $ 14,013       $ 8,235    
Denominator:           
Weighted -average shares outstanding       924,258         909,461         893,016    
Effect of dilutive securities       12,387         15,251         13,989    
                                 
Weighted -average diluted shares       936,645         924,712         907,005    
           
           
           
Basic earnings per common share     $ 28.05       $ 15.41       $ 9.22    
Diluted earnings per common share     $ 27.68       $ 15.15       $ 9.08    Financial Instruments  
Cash Equivalents and Marketable Securities  
All highly liquid investments with maturities of th ree months or less at the date of purchase are clas sified as cash equivalents. The Company’ s 
marketable debt and equity securities have been cla ssified and accounted for as available-for- sale. Management determines the appropriate 
classification of its investments at the time of pu rchase and reevaluates the designations at each bal ance sheet date. The Company classifies its 
marketable debt securities as either short-term or long-term based on each instrument’ s underlying contractual maturity date. Marketable debt 
securities with maturities of 12 months or less are  classified as short- term and marketable debt securities with maturities  greater than 12 months 
are classified as long-term. The Company classifies  its marketable equity securities, including mutual  funds, as either short-term or long- term 
based on the nature of each security and its availa bility for use in current operations. The Company’ s marketable debt and equity securities are 
carried at fair value, with the unrealized gains an d losses, net of taxes, reported as a component of shareholders’ equity. The cost of securities 
sold is based upon the specific identification meth od.  
Derivative Financial Instruments  
The Company accounts for its derivative instruments  as either assets or liabilities and carries them a t fair value.  
For derivative instruments that hedge the exposure to variability in expected future cash flows that a re designated as cash flow hedges, the 
effective portion of the gain or loss on the deriva tive instrument is reported as a component of accum ulated other comprehensive income 
(“AOCI”) in shareholders’ equity and reclassified into income in the same per iod or periods during which the hedged transaction affects 
earnings. The ineffective portion of the gain or lo ss on the derivative instrument, if any, is recogni zed in current income. To receive hedge 
accounting treatment, cash flow hedges must be high ly effective in offsetting changes to expected futu re cash flows on hedged transactions. For 
options designated as cash flow hedges, changes in the time value are excluded from the assessment of hedge effectiveness and are recognized in 
income. For derivative instruments that hedge the e xposure to changes in the fair value of an asset or  a liability and that are designated as fair 
value hedges, both the net gain or loss on the deri vative instrument as well as the offsetting gain or  loss on the hedged item attributable to the 
hedged risk are recognized in earnings in the curre nt period. The Company had no fair value hedges in 2011, 2010 and 2009. The net gain or loss 
on the effective portion of a derivative instrument  that is designated as an economic hedge of the for eign currency translation exposure of the net 
investment in a foreign operation is reported in th e same manner as a foreign currency translation adj ustment. For forward exchange contracts 
designated as net investment hedges, the Company ex cludes changes in fair value relating to changes in  the forward carry component from its 
definition of effectiveness. Accordingly, any gains  or losses related to this component are recognized  in current income. Derivatives that do not 
qualify as hedges must be adjusted to fair value th rough current income.  
Allowance for Doubtful Accounts  
The Company records its allowance for doubtful acco unts based upon its assessment of various factors. The Company considers historical 
experience, the age of the accounts receivable bala nces, credit quality of the Company’ s customers, current economic conditions, and other  
factors that may affect customers’ ability to pay.  
Inventories  
Inventories are stated at the lower of cost, comput ed using the first-in, first- out method, or market. If the cost of the inventori es exceeds their 
market value, provisions are made currently for the  difference between the cost and the market value. The Company’ s inventories consist 
primarily of components and finished goods for all periods presented.  
   
52  Property, Plant and Equipment  
Property, plant and equipment are stated at cost. D epreciation is computed by use of the straight- line method over the estimated useful lives of 
the assets, which for buildings is the lesser of 30  years or the remaining life of the underlying buil ding, up to five years for equipment, and the 
shorter of lease terms or ten years for leasehold i mprovements. The Company capitalizes eligible costs  to acquire or develop internal- use 
software that are incurred subsequent to the prelim inary project stage. Capitalized costs related to i nternal-use software are amortized using the 
straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets, which range from three to five years. Depre ciation and amortization expense on 
property and equipment was $1.6 billion, $815 milli on and $606 million during 2011, 2010 and 2009, res pectively.  
Long-Lived Assets Including Goodwill and Other Acqu ired Intangible Assets  
The Company reviews property, plant and equipment a nd certain identifiable intangibles, excluding good will, for impairment. Long- lived assets 
are reviewed for impairment whenever events or chan ges in circumstances indicate the carrying amount o f an asset may not be recoverable. 
Recoverability of these assets is measured by compa rison of their carrying amounts to future undiscoun ted cash flows the assets are expected to 
generate. If property, plant and equipment and cert ain identifiable intangibles are considered to be i mpaired, the impairment to be recognized 
equals the amount by which the carrying value of th e assets exceeds its fair market value. The Company  did not record any significant 
impairments during 2011, 2010 and 2009.  
The Company does not amortize goodwill and intangib le assets with indefinite useful lives, rather such  assets are required to be tested for 
impairment at least annually or sooner whenever eve nts or changes in circumstances indicate that the a ssets may be impaired. The Company 
performs its goodwill and intangible asset impairme nt tests in the fourth quarter of each fiscal year.  The Company did not recognize any 
goodwill or intangible asset impairment charges in 2011, 2010 and 2009. The Company established report ing units based on its current reporting 
structure. For purposes of testing goodwill for imp airment, goodwill has been allocated to these repor ting units to the extent it relates to each 
reporting unit.  
The Company amortizes its intangible assets with de finite lives over their estimated useful lives and reviews these assets for impairment. The 
Company is currently amortizing its acquired intang ible assets with definite lives over periods genera lly ranging between three to seven years.  
Fair Value Measurements  
The Company applies fair value accounting for all f inancial assets and liabilities and non- financial assets and liabilities that are recognize d or 
disclosed at fair value in the financial statements  on a recurring basis. The Company defines fair val ue as the price that would be received from 
selling an asset or paid to transfer a liability in  an orderly transaction between market participants  at the measurement date. When determining 
the fair value measurements for assets and liabilit ies, which are required to be recorded at fair valu e, the Company considers the principal or 
most advantageous market in which the Company would  transact and the market- based risk measurements or assumptions that market 
participants would use in pricing the asset or liab ility, such as risks inherent in valuation techniqu es, transfer restrictions and credit risk. Fair 
value is estimated by applying the following hierar chy, which prioritizes the inputs used to measure f air value into three levels and bases the 
categorization within the hierarchy upon the lowest  level of input that is available and significant t o the fair value measurement:  
Level 1 – Quoted prices in active markets for identical ass ets or liabilities.  
Level 2 – Observable inputs other than quoted prices in activ e markets for identical assets and liabilities, quo ted prices for identical or similar 
assets or liabilities in inactive markets, or other  inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable market data for substantially the 
full term of the assets or liabilities.  
   
53  Level 3 – Inputs that are generally unobservable and typica lly reflect management’ s estimate of assumptions that market participants would use 
in pricing the asset or liability.  
The Company’ s valuation techniques used to measure the fair val ue of money market funds and certain marketable equ ity securities were 
derived from quoted prices in active markets for id entical assets or liabilities. The valuation techni ques used to measure the fair value of all other 
financial instruments, all of which have counterpar ties with high credit ratings, were valued based on  quoted market prices or model driven 
valuations using significant inputs derived from or  corroborated by observable market data.  
In accordance with the fair value accounting requir ements, companies may choose to measure eligible fi nancial instruments and certain other 
items at fair value. The Company has not elected th e fair value option for any eligible financial inst ruments.  
Foreign Currency Translation and Remeasurement  
The Company translates the assets and liabilities o f its non-U.S. dollar functional currency subsidiaries into U .S. dollars using exchange rates in 
effect at the end of each period. Revenue and expen ses for these subsidiaries are translated using rat es that approximate those in effect during the 
period. Gains and losses from these translations ar e recognized in foreign currency translation includ ed in accumulated other comprehensive 
income in shareholders’ equity. The Company’ s subsidiaries that use the U.S. dollar as their fu nctional currency remeasure monetary assets and 
liabilities at exchange rates in effect at the end of each period, and inventories, property, and nonm onetary assets and liabilities at historical rates.  
Gains and losses from these remeasurements were ins ignificant and have been included in the Company’s results of operations.  
Segment Information  
The Company reports segment information based on th e “management” approach. The management approach designates the in ternal reporting 
used by management for making decisions and assessi ng performance as the source of the Company’ s reportable segments. Information about 
the Company’s products, major customers and geograp hic areas on a company-wide basis is also disclosed .  
   
54  Note 2 – Financial Instruments  
Cash, Cash Equivalents and Marketable Securities  
The following tables summarize the Company’s cash a nd available-for-sale securities’ adjusted cost, gross unrealized gains, gross unreal ized 
losses and fair value by significant investment cat egory recorded as cash and cash equivalents or shor t-term or long- term marketable securities as 
of September 24, 2011 and September 25, 2010 (in mi llions):  
   
   
   
55       September 24, 2011   
     Adjusted 
Cost      Unrealized 
 
Gains      Unrealized 
 
Losses     Fair  
Value      Cash and  
Cash  
Equivalents      Short -
Term  
Marketable 
 
Securities      Long -Term 
 
Marketable 
 
Securities   
Cash     $ 2,903       $ 0       $ 0      $ 2,903       $ 2,903       $ 0       $ 0    
Level 1:                      
Money market funds       1,911         0         0        1,911         1,911         0         0    
Mutual funds       1,227         0         (34 )      1,193         0         1,193         0    
                                                                            
Subtotal       3,138         0         (34 )      3,104         1,911         1,193         0    
                                                                            
Level 2:                      
U.S. Treasury securities       10,717         39         (3 )      10,753         1,250         2,149         7,354    
U.S. agency securities       13,467         24         (3 )      13,488         225         1,818         11,445    
Non -U.S. government securities       5,559         11         (2 )      5,568         551         1,548         3,469    
Certificates of deposit and time 
deposits       4,175         2         (2 )      4,175         728         977         2,470    
Commercial paper       2,853         0         0        2,853         2,237         616         0    
Corporate securities       35,241         132         (114 )      35,259         10         7,241         28,008    
Municipal securities       3,411         56         0        3,467         0         595         2,872    
                                                                            
Subtotal       75,423         264         (124)        75,563         5,001         14,944         55,618    
                                                                            
Total     $ 81,464       $ 264       $ (158 )    $ 81,570       $ 9,815       $ 16,137       $ 55,618    
           
           
           
          
           
           
           
     September 25, 2010   
     Adjusted 
Cost      Unrealized 
 
Gains      Unrealized 
 
Losses     Fair  
Value      Cash and  
Cash  
Equivalents      Short -
Term  
Marketable 
 
Securities      Long -Term 
 
Marketable 
 
Securities   
Cash     $ 1,690       $ 0       $ 0      $ 1,690       $ 1,690       $ 0       $ 0    
Level 1:                      
Money market funds       2,753         0         0        2,753         2,753         0         0    
Level 2:                      
U.S. Treasury securities       9,872         42         0        9,914         2,571         2,130         5,213    
U.S. agency securities       8,717         10         0        8,727         1,916         4,339         2,472    
Non -U.S. government securities       2,648         13         0        2,661         10         865         1,786    
Certificates of deposit and time 
deposits       2,735         5         (1 )      2,739         374         850         1,515    
Commercial paper       3,168         0         0        3,168         1,889         1,279         0    
Corporate securities       17,349         102         (9 )      17,442         58         4,522         12,862    
Municipal securities       1,899         19         (1 )      1,917         0         374         1,543    
           
           
           
          
           
           
           
Subtotal       46,388         191         (11 )      46,568         6,818         14,359         25,391    
           
           
           
          
           
           
           
Total     $ 50,831       $ 191       $ (11 )    $ 51,011       $ 11,261       $ 14,359       $ 25,391    
           
           
           
          
           
           
           The net unrealized gains as of September 24, 2011 a nd September 25, 2010 related primarily to long- term marketable securities. The Company 
may sell certain of its marketable securities prior  to their stated maturities for strategic reasons i ncluding, but not limited to, anticipation of credi t 
deterioration and duration management. The Company recognized net realized gains of $110 million durin g 2011 and no significant net realized 
gains or losses during 2010 and 2009 related to suc h sales. The maturities of the Company’s long- term marketable securities generally range 
from one year to five years.  
As of September 24, 2011 and September 25, 2010, gr oss unrealized losses related to individual securit ies that had been in a continuous loss 
position for 12 months or longer were not significa nt.  
The Company considers the declines in market value of its marketable securities investment portfolio t o be temporary in nature. The Company 
typically invests in highly-rated securities, and i ts policy generally limits the amount of credit exp osure to any one issuer. The Company’ s 
investment policy requires investments to generally  be investment grade, with the primary objective of  minimizing the potential risk of principal 
loss. Fair values were determined for each individu al security in the investment portfolio. When evalu ating the investments for other-than-
temporary impairment, the Company reviews factors s uch as the length of time and extent to which fair value has been below cost basis, the 
financial condition of the issuer and any changes t hereto, and the Company’ s intent to sell, or whether it is more likely than  not it will be 
required to sell, the investment before recovery of  the investment’ s amortized cost basis. During 2011, 2010 and 2009,  the Company did not 
recognize any significant impairment charges. As of  September 24, 2011, the Company does not consider any of its investments to be other-
than-temporarily impaired.  
Derivative Financial Instruments  
The Company uses derivatives to partially offset it s business exposure to foreign currency exchange ri sk. The Company may enter into foreign 
currency forward and option contracts to offset som e of the foreign exchange risk on expected future c ash flows on certain forecasted revenue 
and cost of sales, on net investments in certain fo reign subsidiaries, and on certain existing assets and liabilities.  
To help protect gross margins from fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, certain of the Com pany’s subsidiaries whose functional 
currency is the U.S. dollar hedge a portion of fore casted foreign currency revenue. The Company’ s subsidiaries whose functional currency is not 
the U.S. dollar and who sell in local currencies ma y hedge a portion of forecasted inventory purchases  not denominated in the subsidiaries’
functional currencies. The Company typically hedges  portions of its forecasted foreign currency exposu re associated with revenue and inventory 
purchases generally up to six months.  
To help protect the net investment in a foreign ope ration from adverse changes in foreign currency exc hange rates, the Company may enter into 
foreign currency forward and option contracts to of fset the changes in the carrying amounts of these i nvestments due to fluctuations in foreign 
currency exchange rates.  
The Company may also enter into foreign currency fo rward and option contracts to partially offset the foreign currency exchange gains and 
losses generated by the re-measurement of certain a ssets and liabilities denominated in non- functional currencies. However, the Company may 
choose not to hedge certain foreign currency exchan ge exposures for a variety of reasons including, bu t not limited to, accounting considerations 
and the prohibitive economic cost of hedging partic ular exposures. There can be no assurance the hedge s will offset more than a portion of the 
financial impact resulting from movements in foreig n currency exchange rates.  
The Company records all derivatives on the Consolid ated Balance Sheets at fair value. The Company’ s accounting policies for these instruments 
are based on whether the instruments are designated  as hedge or non- hedge instruments. The effective portions of cash f low hedges are recorded 
in AOCI until the hedged item is recognized in earn ings. The effective portions of net investment hedg es are recorded in other comprehensive 
income as a part of the cumulative translation adju stment. The ineffective portions of cash flow hedge s and net  
   
56  investment hedges are recorded in other income and expense. Derivatives that are not designated as hed ging instruments are adjusted to fair 
value through earnings in the financial statement l ine item the derivative relates to.  
The Company had a net deferred gain associated with  cash flow hedges of approximately $290 million and  a net deferred loss associated with 
cash flow hedges of approximately $252 million, net  of taxes, recorded in AOCI as of September 24, 201 1 and September 25, 2010, 
respectively. Deferred gains and losses associated with cash flow hedges of foreign currency revenue a re recognized as a component of net sales 
in the same period as the related revenue is recogn ized, and deferred gains and losses related to cash  flow hedges of inventory purchases are 
recognized as a component of cost of sales in the s ame period as the related costs are recognized. Sub stantially all of the Company’ s hedged 
transactions as of September 24, 2011 are expected to occur within six months.  
Derivative instruments designated as cash flow hedg es must be de- designated as hedges when it is probable the foreca sted hedged transaction 
will not occur in the initially identified time per iod or within a subsequent two- month time period. Deferred gains and losses in AOC I associated 
with such derivative instruments are reclassified i mmediately into other income and expense. Any subse quent changes in fair value of such 
derivative instruments are reflected in other incom e and expense unless they are re- designated as hedges of other transactions. The Com pany did 
not recognize any significant net gains or losses r elated to the loss of hedge designation on disconti nued cash flow hedges during 2011, 2010 and 
2009.  
The Company’ s unrealized net gains and losses on net investment  hedges, included in the cumulative translation adj ustment account of AOCI, 
were not significant as of September 24, 2011 and S eptember 25, 2010, respectively. The ineffective po rtions and amounts excluded from the 
effectiveness test of net investment hedges are rec orded in other income and expense.  
The Company recognized in other income and expense a net loss of $158 million, $123 million and $133 m illion on foreign currency forward 
and option contracts not designated as hedging inst ruments during 2011, 2010 and 2009, respectively. T hese amounts represent the net gain or 
loss on the derivative contracts and do not include  changes in the related exposures, which generally offset a portion of the gain or loss on the 
derivative contracts.  
The following table summarizes the notional princip al amounts of the Company’ s outstanding derivative instruments and credit ris k amounts 
associated with outstanding or unsettled derivative  instruments as of September 24, 2011 and September  25, 2010 (in millions):  
   
The notional principal amounts for outstanding deri vative instruments provide one measure of the trans action volume outstanding and do not 
represent the amount of the Company’s exposure to c redit or market loss. The credit risk amounts repre sent the Company’ s gross exposure to 
potential accounting loss on derivative instruments  that are outstanding or unsettled if all counterpa rties failed to perform according to the terms 
of the contract, based on then-current currency exc hange rates at each respective date. The Company’ s gross exposure on these transactions may 
be further mitigated by collateral received from ce rtain counterparties. The Company’ s exposure to credit loss and market risk will vary  over 
time as a function of currency exchange rates. Alth ough the table above reflects the notional principa l and credit risk amounts of the Company’ s 
foreign exchange instruments, it does not reflect t he gains or losses associated with the exposures an d transactions that the foreign  
   
57       2011      2010   
     Notional  
Principal      Credit Risk 
 
Amounts      Notional  
Principal      Credit Risk 
 
Amounts   
Instruments qualifying as accounting hedges:              
Foreign exchange contracts     $ 13,705       $ 537       $ 13,957       $ 62    
Instruments other than accounting hedges:              
Foreign exchange contracts     $ 9,891       $ 56       $ 10,727       $ 45    exchange instruments are intended to hedge. The amo unts ultimately realized upon settlement of these f inancial instruments, together with the 
gains and losses on the underlying exposures, will depend on actual market conditions during the remai ning life of the instruments.  
The Company generally enters into master netting ar rangements, which reduce credit risk by permitting net settlement of transactions with the 
same counterparty. To further limit credit risk, th e Company generally enters into collateral security  arrangements that provide for collateral to 
be received or posted when the net fair value of ce rtain financial instruments fluctuates from contrac tually established thresholds. The Company 
presents its derivative assets and derivative liabi lities at their gross fair values. As of September 24, 2011, the Company received cash collateral 
related to the derivative instruments under its col lateral security arrangements of $288 million, whic h it recorded as accrued expenses in the 
Consolidated Balance Sheet. As of September 25, 201 0, the Company posted cash collateral related to th e derivative instruments under its 
collateral security arrangements of $445 million, w hich it recorded as other current assets in the Con solidated Balance Sheet. The Company did 
not have any derivative instruments with credit- risk related contingent features that would require  it to post additional collateral as of 
September 24, 2011 or September 25, 2010.  
The following tables summarize the gross fair value  of the Company’ s derivative instruments as reflected in the Consol idated Balance Sheets as 
of September 24, 2011 and September 25, 2010 (in mi llions):  
   
   
   
   
58       September 24, 2011   
     Fair Value of  
Derivatives  
Designated as  
Hedge Instruments      Fair Value of  
Derivatives Not  
Designated as  
Hedge Instruments      Total  
Fair Value   
Derivative assets (a):           
Foreign exchange contracts     $ 460       $ 56       $ 516    
Derivative liabilities (b):           
Foreign exchange contracts     $ 72       $ 37       $ 109    
     September 25, 2010   
     Fair Value of  
Derivatives  
Designated as  
Hedge Instruments      Fair Value of  
Derivatives Not  
Designated as  
Hedge Instruments      Total  
Fair Value   
Derivative assets (a):           
Foreign exchange contracts     $ 62       $ 45       $ 107    
Derivative liabilities (b):           
Foreign exchange contracts     $ 488       $ 118       $ 606    
  
(a) The fair value of derivative assets is measured usi ng Level 2 fair value inputs and is recorded as oth er current assets in the Consolidated 
Balance Sheets.  
(b) The fair value of derivative liabilities is measure d using Level 2 fair value inputs and is recorded a s accrued expenses in the Consolidated 
Balance Sheets.  The following table summarizes the pre-tax effect o f the Company’ s derivative instruments designated as cash flow an d net investment hedges in 
the consolidated financial statements for the years  ended September 24, 2011 and September 25, 2010 (i n millions):  
   
   
   
Accounts Receivable  
Trade Receivables  
The Company has considerable trade receivables outs tanding with its third-party cellular network carri ers, wholesalers, retailers, value- added 
resellers, small and mid- sized businesses, and education, enterprise and gov ernment customers. The Company generally does not r equire 
collateral from its customers; however, the Company  will require collateral in certain instances to li mit credit risk. In addition, when possible, 
the Company attempts to limit credit risk on trade receivables with credit insurance for certain custo mers or by requiring third- party financing, 
loans or leases to support credit exposure. These c redit-financing arrangements are directly between t he third-party financing company and the 
end customer. As such, the Company generally does n ot assume any recourse or credit risk sharing relat ed to any of these arrangements.  
As of September 24, 2011, there were no customers t hat accounted for 10% or more of the Company’ s total trade receivables. Trade receivables 
from two of the Company’s customers accounted for 1 5% and 12% of total trade receivables as of Septemb er 25, 2010. The Company’ s cellular 
network carriers accounted for 52% and 64% of trade  receivables as of September 24, 2011 and September  25, 2010, respectively. The additions 
and write-offs to the Company’s allowance for doubt ful accounts during 2011, 2010 and 2009 were not si gnificant.  
   
59      Year Ended   
    Gains/(Losses) Recognized in  
OCI - Effective Portion (c)     Gains/(Losses) Reclassified from AOCI 
into Income - Effective Portion (c)      Gains/(Losses) Recognized – Ineffective Portion and  
Amount Excluded from Effectiveness Testing    
    September 24, 
 
2011     September 25, 
 
2010     September 24,  
2011 (a)     September 25, 
 
2010 (b)      Location     September 24, 
 
2011     September 25, 
 
2010   
Cash flow hedges:                  
Foreign 
exchange 
contracts   $ 153      $ (267)      $ (704)      $ 115       Other income and 
expense     $ (213)      $ (175)    
Net investment 
hedges:                  
Foreign 
exchange 
contracts     (43 )      (41 )      0        0       Other income and 
expense       1        1    
                                                                
Total   $ 110      $ (308 )    $ (704 )    $ 115          $ (212 )    $ (174 )  
          
          
          
          
              
            
(a) Includes gains/(losses) reclassified from AOCI into  income for the effective portion of cash flow hedg es, of which $(349) million and 
$(355) million were recognized within net sales and  cost of sales, respectively, within the Consolidat ed Statement of Operations for the 
year ended September 24, 2011. There were no amount s reclassified from AOCI into income for the effect ive portion of net investment 
hedges for the year ended September 24, 2011.  
(b) Includes gains/(losses) reclassified from AOCI into  income for the effective portion of cash flow hedg es, of which $158 million and $(43) 
million were recognized within net sales and cost o f sales, respectively, within the Consolidated Stat ement of Operations for the year 
ended September 25, 2010. There were no amounts rec lassified from AOCI into income for the effective p ortion of net investment hedges 
for the year ended September 25, 2010.  
(c) Refer to Note 6, “Shareholders ’ Equity and Share -based Compensation ” of this Form 10 -K, which summarizes the activity in AOCI related 
to derivatives.  Vendor Non-Trade Receivables  
The Company has non- trade receivables from certain of its manufacturing  vendors resulting from the sale of components to t hese manufacturing 
vendors who manufacture sub- assemblies or assemble final products for the Compa ny. The Company purchases these components directly  from 
suppliers. Vendor non-trade receivables from two of  the Company’s vendors accounted for 53% and 29% of  total non- trade receivables as of 
September 24, 2011 and vendor non-trade receivables  from two of the Company’s vendors accounted for 57 % and 24% of total non- trade 
receivables as of September 25, 2010. The Company d oes not reflect the sale of these components in net  sales and does not recognize any profits 
on these sales until the related products are sold by the Company, at which time any profit is recogni zed as a reduction of cost of sales.  
Note 3 – Consolidated Financial Statement Details  
The following tables show the Company’ s consolidated financial statement details as of Se ptember 24, 2011 and September 25, 2010 (in 
millions):  
Property, Plant and Equipment  
   
Accrued Expenses  
   
Non-Current Liabilities  
   
   
60       2011     2010   
Land and buildings     $ 2,059      $ 1,471    
Machinery, equipment and internal -use software       6,926        3,589    
Office furniture and equipment       184        144    
Leasehold improvements       2,599        2,030    
           
          
Gross property, plant and equipment       11,768        7,234    
Accumulated depreciation and amortization       (3,991 )      (2,466 )  
                     
Net property, plant and equipment     $ 7,777      $ 4,768    
           
          
       2011      2010   
Deferred margin on component sales     $   2,038       $ 663    
Accrued warranty and related costs       1,240         761    
Accrued taxes       1,140         658    
Accrued marketing and selling expenses       598         396    
Accrued compensation and employee benefits       590         436    
Other current liabilities       3,641         2,809    
                      
Total accrued expenses     $ 9,247       $   5,723    
           
           
     2011      2010   
Deferred tax liabilities     $ 8,159       $ 4,300    
Other non -current liabilities       1,941         1,231    
                      
Total other non -current liabilities     $ 10,100       $   5,531    
           
           Note 4 – Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets  
The Company is currently amortizing its acquired in tangible assets with definite lives over periods ge nerally ranging between three to seven 
years. The following table summarizes the component s of gross and net intangible asset balances as of September 24, 2011 and September 25, 
2010 (in millions):  
   
During 2011 and 2010, the Company completed various  business acquisitions. In 2011, the aggregate cash  consideration, net of cash acquired, 
was $244 million, of which $167 million was allocat ed to goodwill and $77 million to acquired intangib le assets. In 2010, the aggregate cash 
consideration, net of cash acquired, was $638 milli on, of which $535 million was allocated to goodwill  and $107 million to acquired intangible 
assets.  
During 2011, the Company, as part of a consortium, acquired Nortel Networks Corporation’ s patent portfolio for an overall purchase price of  
$4.5 billion, of which the Company’ s contribution was approximately $2.6 billion. The majority of the acquisition price has been recorded  in 
acquired intangible assets, which the Company expec ts to amortize over seven years. The Department of Justice is reviewing this transaction.  
The Company’ s gross carrying amount of goodwill was $896 millio n and $741 million as of September 24, 2011 and Sep tember 25, 2010, 
respectively. The Company did not have any goodwill  impairment during 2011, 2010 or 2009. The Company’ s goodwill is allocated primarily to 
the Americas and Europe reportable operating segmen ts.  
Amortization expense related to acquired intangible  assets was $192 million, $69 million and $53 milli on in 2011, 2010 and 2009, respectively. 
As of September 24, 2011 the weighted- average amortization period for acquired intangible  assets was 6.2 years. The expected annual 
amortization expense related to acquired intangible  assets as of September 24, 2011, is as follows (in  millions):  
   
   
61       2011      2010   
     Gross  
Carrying 
 
Amount      Accumulated 
 
Amortization     Net  
Carrying 
 
Amount      Gross  
Carrying 
 
Amount      Accumulated 
 
Amortization     Net  
Carrying 
 
Amount   
Definite lived and amortizable acquired intangible assets     $ 3,873       $ (437 )    $ 3,436       $ 487       $ (245 )    $ 242    
Indefinite lived and non -amortizable trademarks       100         0        100         100         0        100    
                                                                
Total acquired intangible assets     $ 3,973       $ (437 )    $ 3,536       $ 587       $ (245 )    $ 342    
           
           
          
           
           
          
Years        
2012     $ 520    
2013       596    
2014       608    
2015       441    
2016       426    
Thereafter       845    
           
Total     $ 3,436    
           Note 5 – Income Taxes  
The provision for income taxes for the three years ended September 24, 2011, consisted of the followin g (in millions):  
   
The foreign provision for income taxes is based on foreign pretax earnings of $24.0 billion, $13.0 bil lion and $6.6 billion in 2011, 2010 and 
2009, respectively. The Company’ s consolidated financial statements provide for any  related tax liability on amounts that may be repat riated, 
aside from undistributed earnings of certain of the  Company’ s foreign subsidiaries that are intended to be inde finitely reinvested in operations 
outside the U.S. As of September 24, 2011, U.S. inc ome taxes have not been provided on a cumulative to tal of $23.4 billion of such earnings. 
The amount of unrecognized deferred tax liability r elated to these temporary differences is estimated to be approximately $8.0 billion.  
As of September 24, 2011 and September 25, 2010, $5 4.3 billion and $30.8 billion, respectively, of the  Company’ s cash, cash equivalents and 
marketable securities were held by foreign subsidia ries and are generally based in U.S. dollar- denominated holdings. Amounts held by foreign 
subsidiaries are generally subject to U.S. income t axation on repatriation to the U.S.  
Deferred tax assets and liabilities reflect the eff ects of tax losses, credits, and the future income tax effects of temporary differences between the 
consolidated financial statement carrying amounts o f existing assets and liabilities and their respect ive tax bases and are measured using enacted 
tax rates that apply to taxable income in the years  in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled.  
   
62       2011     2010     2009   
Federal:         
Current     $ 3,884      $ 2,150      $ 1,922    
Deferred       2,998        1,676        1,077    
                               
     6,882        3,826        2,999    
                               
State:         
Current       762        655        524    
Deferred       37        (115 )      (2 )  
                               
     799        540        522    
                               
Foreign:         
Current       769        282        345    
Deferred       (167 )      (121 )      (35 )  
           
          
          
     602        161        310    
           
          
          
Provision for income taxes     $ 8,283      $ 4,527      $ 3,831    
           
          
          As of September 24, 2011 and September 25, 2010, th e significant components of the Company’ s deferred tax assets and liabilities were (in 
millions):  
   
A reconciliation of the provision for income taxes,  with the amount computed by applying the statutory  federal income tax rate (35% in 2011, 
2010 and 2009) to income before provision for incom e taxes for the three years ended September 24, 201 1, is as follows (in millions):  
   
The Company’ s income taxes payable have been reduced by the tax  benefits from employee stock plan awards. For stoc k options, the Company 
receives an income tax benefit calculated as the di fference between the fair market value of the stock  issued at the time of the exercise and the 
option price, tax effected. For RSUs, the Company r eceives an income tax benefit upon the award’ s vesting equal to the tax effect of the 
underlying stock’ s fair market value. The Company had net excess tax  benefits from equity awards of $1.1 billion, $742 million and $246 
million in 2011, 2010 and 2009, respectively, which  were reflected as increases to common stock.  
Uncertain Tax Positions  
Tax positions are evaluated in a two- step process. The Company first determines whether it is more likely than not that a tax position will  be 
sustained upon examination. If a tax position meets  the more-likely-than- not recognition threshold it is then measured to de termine the amount 
of benefit to recognize in the financial statements . The tax position is measured as the largest amoun t of benefit that is greater than 50% likely of 
being realized upon ultimate settlement. The Compan y classifies gross interest and penalties and unrec ognized tax benefits that are not expected 
to result in payment or receipt of cash within one year as non-current liabilities in the Consolidated  Balance Sheets.  
   
63       2011     2010   
Deferred tax assets:       
Accrued liabilities and other reserves     $   1,610      $   1,369    
Basis of capital assets and investments       390        179    
Share -based compensation       355        308    
Other       795        707    
           
          
Total deferred tax assets       3,150        2,563    
Less valuation allowance       0        0    
                     
Deferred tax assets, net of valuation allowance       3,150        2,563    
                     
Deferred tax liabilities:       
Unremitted earning of foreign subsidiaries       8,896        4,979    
Other       272        150    
                     
Total deferred tax liabilities       9,168        5,129    
                     
Net deferred tax liabilities     $ (6,018 )    $ (2,566 )  
           
          
     2011     2010     2009   
Computed expected tax     $ 11,973      $   6,489      $   4,223    
State taxes, net of federal effect       552        351        339    
Indefinitely invested earnings of foreign subsidiar ies       (3,898 )      (2,125 )      (647 )  
Research and development credit, net       (167 )      (23 )      (84 )  
Domestic production activities deduction       (168 )      (48 )      (36 )  
Other       (9 )      (117 )      36    
           
          
          
Provision for income taxes     $ 8,283      $ 4,527      $ 3,831    
           
          
          
Effective tax rate       24.2%        24.4%        31.8%    As of September 24, 2011, the total amount of gross  unrecognized tax benefits was $1.4 billion, of whi ch $563 million, if recognized, would 
affect the Company’ s effective tax rate. As of September 25, 2010, the  total amount of gross unrecognized tax benefits wa s $943 million, of 
which $404 million, if recognized, would affect the  Company’s effective tax rate.  
The aggregate changes in the balance of gross unrec ognized tax benefits, which excludes interest and p enalties, for the three years ended 
September 24, 2011, is as follows (in millions):  
   
The Company includes interest and penalties related  to unrecognized tax benefits within the provision for income taxes. As of September 24, 
2011 and September 25, 2010, the total amount of gr oss interest and penalties accrued was $261 million  and $247 million, respectively, which is 
classified as non- current liabilities in the Consolidated Balance She ets. In connection with tax matters, the Company re cognized interest expense 
in 2011 and 2009 of $14 million and $64 million, re spectively, and in 2010 the Company recognized an i nterest benefit of $43 million.  
The Company is subject to taxation and files income  tax returns in the U.S. federal jurisdiction and i n many state and foreign jurisdictions. For 
U.S. federal income tax purposes, all years prior t o 2004 are closed. The Internal Revenue Service (th e “IRS”) has completed its field audit of 
the Company’ s federal income tax returns for the years 2004 thr ough 2006 and proposed certain adjustments. The Com pany has contested 
certain of these adjustments through the IRS Appeal s Office. The IRS is currently examining the years 2007 through 2009. In addition, the 
Company is also subject to audits by state, local a nd foreign tax authorities. In major states and maj or foreign jurisdictions, the years subsequent 
to 1988 and 2001, respectively, generally remain op en and could be subject to examination by the taxin g authorities.  
Management believes that an adequate provision has been made for any adjustments that may result from tax examinations. However, the 
outcome of tax audits cannot be predicted with cert ainty. If any issues addressed in the Company’ s tax audits are resolved in a manner not 
consistent with management’ s expectations, the Company could be required to ad just its provision for income tax in the period suc h resolution 
occurs. Although timing of the resolution and/or cl osure of audits is not certain, the Company does no t believe it is reasonably possible that its 
unrecognized tax benefits would materially change i n the next 12 months.  
Note 6 – Shareholders’ Equity and Share-based Compe nsation  
Preferred Stock  
The Company has five million shares of authorized p referred stock, none of which is issued or outstand ing. Under the terms of the Company’ s 
Restated Articles of Incorporation, the Board of Di rectors is authorized to determine or alter the rig hts, preferences, privileges and restrictions of 
the Company’s authorized but unissued shares of pre ferred stock.  
Comprehensive Income  
Comprehensive income consists of two components, ne t income and other comprehensive income. Other comp rehensive income refers to 
revenue, expenses, gains and losses that under GAAP  are recorded as an element  
   
64       2011     2010     2009   
Beginning Balance     $ 943        971      $ 506    
Increases related to tax positions taken during a p rior year       49        61        341    
Decreases related to tax positions taken during a p rior year       (39 )      (224 )      (24 )  
Increases related to tax positions taken during the  current year       425        240        151    
Decreases related to settlements with taxing author ities       0        (102 )      0    
Decreases related to expiration of statute of limit ations       (3 )      (3 )      (3 )  
                               
Ending Balance     $   1,375      $      943      $      971    
           
          
          of shareholders’ equity but are excluded from net i ncome. The Company’ s other comprehensive income consists of foreign cu rrency translation 
adjustments from those subsidiaries not using the U .S. dollar as their functional currency, unrealized  gains and losses on marketable securities 
classified as available-for-sale, and net deferred gains and losses on certain derivative instruments accounted for as cash flow hedges.  
The following table summarizes the components of AO CI, net of taxes, as of September 24, 2011, Septemb er 25, 2010, and September 26, 2009 
(in millions):  
   
The change in fair value of available-for- sale securities included in other comprehensive inc ome was $(41) million, $123 million and $118 
million, net of taxes in 2011, 2010 and 2009, respe ctively. The tax effect related to the change in un realized gains/losses on available-for- sale 
securities was $24 million, $(72) million and $(78)  million for 2011, 2010 and 2009, respectively.  
The following table summarizes activity in other co mprehensive income related to derivatives, net of t axes, held by the Company during the 
three years ended September 24, 2011 (in millions):   
   
The tax effect related to the changes in fair value  of derivatives was $(50) million, $97 million and $(135) million for 2011, 2010 and 2009, 
respectively. The tax effect related to derivative gains/losses reclassified from other comprehensive income to income was $(250) million, $43 
million and $149 million for 2011, 2010 and 2009, r espectively.  
Employee Benefit Plans  
2003 Employee Stock Plan  
The 2003 Employee Stock Plan (the “2003 Plan”) is a  shareholder approved plan that provides for broad- based equity grants to employees, 
including executive officers. The 2003 Plan permits  the granting of incentive stock options, nonstatut ory stock options, RSUs, stock appreciation 
rights, stock purchase rights and performance- based awards. Options granted under the 2003 Plan g enerally expire seven to ten years after the 
grant date and generally become exercisable over a period of four years, based on continued employment , with either annual, semi- annual or 
quarterly vesting. In general, RSUs granted under t he 2003 Plan vest over two to four years, based on continued employment and are settled 
upon vesting in shares of the Company’s common stoc k on a one-for- one basis. Each share issued with respect to an awa rd granted under the 
2003 Plan (other than a stock option or stock appre ciation right) reduces the number of shares availab le for grant under the plan by two shares, 
whereas shares issued in respect of an option or st ock appreciation right count against the number of shares available for grant on a one-for- one 
basis. As of September 24, 2011, approximately 50.8  million shares were reserved for future issuance u nder the 2003 Plan.  
   
65       2011      2010     2009   
Net unrealized gains/losses on marketable securitie s     $      130       $      171      $        48    
Net unrecognized gains/losses on derivative instrum ents       290         (252 )      1    
Cumulative foreign currency translation       23         35        28    
                                
Accumulated other comprehensive income/(loss)     $ 443       $ (46 )    $ 77    
           
           
          
     2011      2010     2009   
Changes in fair value of derivatives     $        92       $  (180 )    $      204    
Adjustment for net gains/losses realized and includ ed in net income       450         (73 )      (222 )  
                                
Change in unrecognized gains/losses on derivative i nstruments     $ 542       $ (253 )    $ (18 )  
           
           
          1997 Director Stock Plan  
The 1997 Director Stock Plan (the “Director Plan”) is a shareholder approved plan that (i) permits the  Company to grant awards of RSUs or 
stock options to the Company’s non-employee directo rs, (ii) provides for automatic initial grants of R SUs upon a non- employee director joining 
the Board and automatic annual grants of RSUs at ea ch annual meeting of shareholders, and (iii) permit s the Board to prospectively change the 
relative mixture of stock options and RSUs for the initial and annual award grants and the methodology  for determining the number of shares of 
the Company’ s common stock subject to these grants without shar eholder approval. Each share issued with respect to  RSUs granted under the 
Director Plan reduces the number of shares availabl e for grant under the plan by two shares. The Direc tor Plan expires November 9, 2019. As of 
September 24, 2011, approximately 190,000 shares we re reserved for future issuance under the Director Plan.  
Rule 10b5 -1 Trading Plans  
During the fourth quarter of 2011, executive office rs Timothy D. Cook, Peter Oppenheimer, D. Bruce Sew ell, Phil Schiller and Jeffrey E. 
Williams, and directors William V. Campbell and Art hur D. Levinson had trading plans pursuant to Rule 10b5-1(c)(1) of the Securities 
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act ”). A trading plan is a written document that pre- establishes the amounts, prices and dates 
(or a formula for determining the amounts, prices a nd dates) of future purchases or sales of the Compa ny’s stock, including the exercise and sale 
of employee stock options and shares acquired pursu ant to the Company’s employee stock purchase plan a nd upon vesting of RSUs.  
Employee Stock Purchase Plan  
The Employee Stock Purchase Plan (the “Purchase Pla n”) is a shareholder approved plan under which substant ially all employees may purchase 
the Company’ s common stock through payroll deductions at a pric e equal to 85% of the lower of the fair market valu es of the stock as of the 
beginning or the end of six-month offering periods.  An employee’ s payroll deductions under the Purchase Plan are li mited to 10% of the 
employee’ s compensation and employees may not purchase more than $25,000 of stock during any calendar year. As of September 24, 2011, 
approximately 3.1 million shares were reserved for future issuance under the Purchase Plan.  
Employee Savings Plan  
The Employee Savings Plan (the “Savings Plan”) is a deferred salary arrangement under Section 401( k) of the Internal Revenue Code. Under the 
Savings Plan, participating U.S. employees may defe r a portion of their pre- tax earnings, up to the IRS annual contribution lim it ($16,500 for 
calendar year 2011). The Company matches 50% to 100 % of each employee’ s contributions, depending on length of service, up  to a maximum 
6% of the employee’s eligible earnings. The Company ’s matching contributions to the Savings Plan were $ 90 million, $72 million and $59 
million in 2011, 2010 and 2009, respectively.  
   
66  Restricted Stock Units  
A summary of the Company’ s RSU activity and related information for the thre e years ended September 24, 2011, is as follows (in  thousands, 
except per share amounts):  
   
The fair value as of the vesting date of RSUs was $ 1.5 billion, $1.0 billion and $221 million for 2011 , 2010 and 2009, respectively. The majority 
of RSUs that vested in 2011, 2010 and 2009, were ne t-share settled such that the Company withheld shares  with value equivalent to the 
employees’ minimum statutory obligation for the applicable inc ome and other employment taxes, and remitted the ca sh to the appropriate taxing 
authorities. The total shares withheld were approxi mately 1.6 million, 1.8 million and 707,000 for 201 1, 2010 and 2009, respectively, and were 
based on the value of the RSUs on their vesting dat e as determined by the Company’s closing stock pric e. Total payments for the employees’ tax 
obligations to the taxing authorities were $520 mil lion, $406 million and $82 million in 2011, 2010 an d 2009, respectively, and are reflected as a 
financing activity within the Consolidated Statemen ts of Cash Flows. These net- share settlements had the effect of share repurchas es by the 
Company as they reduced and retired the number of s hares that would have otherwise been issued as a re sult of the vesting and did not represent 
an expense to the Company.  
   
67       Number 
of RSUs     Weighted -
 
Average  
Grant  
Date Fair 
Value      Aggregate  
Intrinsic  
Value   
Balance at September 27, 2008       7,040      $ 134.91       
RSUs units granted       7,786      $ 111.80       
RSUs vested       (1,935 )    $ 124.87       
RSUs cancelled       (628 )    $ 121.28       
                
Balance at September 26, 2009       12,263      $ 122.52       
RSUs units granted       6,178      $ 214.37       
RSUs vested       (4,685 )    $ 119.85       
RSUs cancelled       (722 )    $ 147.56       
                
Balance at September 25, 2010       13,034      $ 165.63       
RSUs units granted       6,667      $ 312.63       
RSUs vested       (4,513 )    $ 168.08       
RSUs cancelled       (742 )    $ 189.08       
                
Balance at September 24, 2011       14,446      $ 231.49       $ 5,840,503    
           
     Stock Option Activity  
A summary of the Company’ s stock option activity and related information for  the three years ended September 24, 2011, is as fo llows (in 
thousands, except per share amounts and contractual  term in years):  
   
Aggregate intrinsic value represents the value of t he Company’ s closing stock price on the last trading day of th e fiscal period in excess of the 
weighted- average exercise price multiplied by the number of options outstanding or exercisable. Total intrinsic  value of options at time of 
exercise was $2.6 billion, $2.0 billion and $827 mi llion for 2011, 2010 and 2009, respectively.  
Share-based Compensation  
Share-based compensation cost for RSUs is measured based on the closing fair market value of the Compa ny’s common stock on the date of 
grant. Share-based compensation cost for stock opti ons and employee stock purchase plan rights (“stock  purchase rights”) is estimated at the 
grant date and offering date, respectively, based o n the fair-value as calculated by the BSM option-pr icing model. The BSM option- pricing 
model incorporates various assumptions including ex pected volatility, expected life and interest rates . The expected volatility is based on the 
historical volatility of the Company’s common stock  over the most recent period commensurate with the expected life of the Company’ s stock 
options and other relevant factors including implie d volatility in market traded options on the Compan y’s common stock. The Company bases its 
expected life assumption on its historical experien ce and on the terms and conditions of the stock awa rds it grants to employees. The Company 
recognizes share-based compensation cost as expense  on a straight-line basis over the requisite servic e period.  
The Company granted 1,370 stock options, 34,000 sto ck options and 234,000 stock options during 2011, 2 010 and 2009, respectively. The 
weighted- average grant date fair value of stock options gran ted during 2011, 2010 and 2009 was $181.13, $108.58  and $46.71 per share, 
respectively.  
   
68       Outstanding Options   
     Number  
of Options     Weighted -
 
Average  
Exercise  
Price      Weighted-  
Average  
Remaining 
Contractual 
 
Term      Aggregate  
Intrinsic  
Value   
Balance at September 27, 2008       44,146      $ 74.39          
Options granted       234      $ 106.84          
Options cancelled       (1,241 )    $ 122.98          
Options exercised       (8,764 )    $ 41.78          
                   
Balance at September 26, 2009       34,375      $ 81.17          
Options granted       34      $ 202.00          
Options assumed       98      $ 11.99          
Options cancelled       (430 )    $ 136.27          
Options exercised       (12,352 )    $ 62.69          
                   
Balance at September 25, 2010       21,725      $ 90.46          
Options granted       1      $ 342.62          
Options cancelled       (163 )    $ 128.42          
Options exercised       (9,697 )    $ 67.63          
                   
Balance at September 24, 2011       11,866      $ 108.64         2.38       $ 3,508,243    
           
        
Exercisable at September 24, 2011       11,089      $ 104.97         2.31       $ 3,319,374    
Expected to vest after September 24, 2011       777      $ 161.23         3.38       $ 188,869    The Company did not assume any stock options in con junction with business combinations during 2011 or 2009. During 2010, the Company 
assumed 98,000 stock options, which had a weighted- average fair value of $216.82 per share.  
The weighted-average fair value of stock purchase r ights per share was $71.47, $45.03 and $30.62 durin g 2011, 2010 and 2009, respectively.  
The following table provides a summary of the share -based compensation expense included in the Consolid ated Statements of Operations for the 
three years ended September 24, 2011 (in millions):   
   
The income tax benefit related to share- based compensation expense was $467 million, $314 m illion and $266 million for 2011, 2010 and 2009, 
respectively. As of September 24, 2011, the total u nrecognized compensation cost related to outstandin g stock options and RSUs was $2.6 
billion, which the Company expects to recognize ove r a weighted-average period of 3.7 years.  
Note 7 – Commitments and Contingencies  
Accrued Warranty and Indemnification  
The Company offers a basic limited parts and labor warranty on its hardware products. The basic warran ty period for hardware products is 
typically one year from the date of purchase by the  end-user. The Company also offers a 90- day basic warranty for its service parts used to re pair 
the Company’ s hardware products. The Company provides currently  for the estimated cost that may be incurred under its basic limited product 
warranties at the time related revenue is recognize d. Factors considered in determining appropriate ac cruals for product warranty obligations 
include the size of the installed base of products subject to warranty protection, historical and proj ected warranty claim rates, historical and 
projected cost-per-claim, and knowledge of specific  product failures that are outside of the Company’ s typical experience. The Company 
assesses the adequacy of its pre- existing warranty liabilities and adjusts the amoun ts as necessary based on actual experience and chan ges in 
future estimates.  
The following table reconciles changes in the Compa ny’s accrued warranty and related costs for the three years ended September 24, 2011 (in 
millions):  
   
The Company generally does not indemnify end- users of its operating system and application softw are against legal claims that the software 
infringes third- party intellectual property rights. Other agreement s entered into by the Company sometimes include ind emnification provisions 
under which the Company could be subject to costs a nd/or damages in the event of an infringement claim  against the Company or an 
indemnified third- party. However, the Company has not been required t o make any significant payments resulting from such  an infringement 
claim asserted against it or an indemnified third-p arty. In the opinion of management, there was not  
   
69       2011      2010      2009   
Cost of sales     $      200       $      151       $      114    
Research and development       450         323         258    
Selling, general and administrative       518         405         338    
           
           
           
Total share -based compensation expense     $ 1,168       $ 879       $ 710    
           
           
           
     2011     2010     2009   
Beginning accrued warranty and related costs     $      761      $      577      $      671    
Cost of warranty claims       (1,147 )      (713 )      (534 )  
Accruals for product warranty       1,626        897        440    
                               
Ending accrued warranty and related costs     $ 1,240      $ 761      $ 577    
           
          
          at least a reasonable possibility the Company may h ave incurred a material loss with respect to indemn ification of end- users of its operating 
system or application software for infringement of third-party intellectual property rights. The Company did  not record a liability for 
infringement costs related to indemnification as of  either September 24, 2011 or September 25, 2010.  
The Company has entered into indemnification agreem ents with its directors and executive officers. Und er these agreements, the Company has 
agreed to indemnify such individuals to the fullest  extent permitted by law against liabilities that a rise by reason of their status as directors or 
officers and to advance expenses incurred by such i ndividuals in connection with related legal proceed ings. It is not possible to determine the 
maximum potential amount of payments the Company co uld be required to make under these agreements due to the limited history of prior 
indemnification claims and the unique facts and cir cumstances involved in each claim. However, the Com pany maintains directors and officers 
liability insurance coverage to reduce its exposure  to such obligations, and payments made under these  agreements historically have not been 
material.  
Concentrations in the Available Sources of Supply o f Materials and Product  
Although most components essential to the Company’ s business are generally available from multiple so urces, a number of components are 
currently obtained from single or limited sources, which subjects the Company to significant supply an d pricing risks. Many components that are 
available from multiple sources are at times subjec t to industry- wide shortages and significant commodity pricing fl uctuations. In addition, the 
Company has entered into various agreements for the  supply of components; however there can be no guar antee that the Company will be able to 
extend or renew these agreements on similar terms, or at all. Therefore, the Company remains subject t o significant risks of supply shortages and 
price increases that can materially adversely affec t its financial condition and operating results.  
The Company and other participants in the mobile co mmunication and media device, and personal computer  industries also compete for various 
components with other industries that have experien ced increased demand for their products. The Compan y also uses some custom components 
that are not common to the rest of these industries , and new products introduced by the Company often utilize custom components available 
from only one source. When a component or product u ses new technologies, initial capacity constraints may exist until the suppliers’ yields have 
matured or manufacturing capacity has increased. If  the Company’ s supply of components for a new or existing produc t were delayed or 
constrained, or if an outsourcing partner delayed s hipments of completed products to the Company, the Company’ s financial condition and 
operating results could be materially adversely aff ected. The Company’ s business and financial performance could also be materially adversely 
affected depending on the time required to obtain s ufficient quantities from the original source, or t o identify and obtain sufficient quantities 
from an alternative source. Continued availability of these components at acceptable prices, or at all , may be affected if those suppliers 
concentrated on the production of common components  instead of components customized to meet the Compa ny’s requirements.  
Substantially all of the Company’s hardware product s are manufactured by outsourcing partners that are  primarily located in Asia. A significant 
concentration of this manufacturing is currently pe rformed by a small number of outsourcing partners, often in single locations. Certain of these 
outsourcing partners are the sole-sourced suppliers  of components and manufacturer for many of the Com pany’s products. Although the 
Company works closely with its outsourcing partners  on manufacturing schedules, the Company’ s operating results could be adversely affected 
if its outsourcing partners were unable to meet the ir production commitments. The Company’ s purchase commitments typically cover its 
requirements for periods up to 150 days.  
Long-Term Supply Agreements  
The Company has entered into long- term agreements to secure the supply of certain inv entory components. These agreements generally expir e 
between 2012 and 2022. As of September 24, 2011, th e Company had a total of $2.3 billion of inventory component prepayments outstanding, of 
which $728 million are classified as other  
   
70  current assets and $1.6 billion are classified as o ther assets in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The  Company had a total of $956 million of 
inventory component prepayments outstanding as of S eptember 25, 2010. The Company’ s outstanding prepayments will be applied to certai n 
inventory component purchases made during the term of each respective agreement.  
Other Off-Balance Sheet Commitments  
Lease Commitments  
The Company leases various equipment and facilities , including retail space, under noncancelable opera ting lease arrangements. The Company 
does not currently utilize any other off- balance sheet financing arrangements. The major fac ility leases are typically for terms not exceeding 10 
years and generally provide renewal options for ter ms not exceeding five additional years. Leases for retail space are for terms ranging from five 
to 20 years, the majority of which are for ten year s, and often contain multi-year renewal options. As  of September 24, 2011, the Company’ s 
total future minimum lease payments under noncancel able operating leases were $3.0 billion, of which $ 2.4 billion related to leases for retail 
space.  
Rent expense under all operating leases, including both cancelable and noncancelable leases, was $338 million, $271 million and $231 million in 
2011, 2010 and 2009, respectively. Future minimum l ease payments under noncancelable operating leases having remaining terms in excess of 
one year as of September 24, 2011, are as follows ( in millions):  
   
Other Commitments  
As of September 24, 2011, the Company had outstandi ng off-balance sheet commitments for outsourced manufactur ing and component 
purchases of $13.9 billion.  
Additionally, other outstanding obligations were $2 .4 billion as of September 24, 2011, and were compr ised mainly of commitments under long-
term supply agreements to make additional inventory  component prepayments and to acquire capital equip ment, commitments to acquire product 
tooling and manufacturing process equipment, and co mmitments related to advertising, research and deve lopment, Internet and 
telecommunications services and other obligations.  
Contingencies  
The Company is subject to various legal proceedings  and claims that have arisen in the ordinary course  of business and have not been fully 
adjudicated, which are discussed in Part I, Item 3 of this Form 10-K under the heading “Legal Proceedi ngs” and in Part I Item 1A under the 
heading “Risk Factors.” In the opinion of management, there was not at leas t a reasonable possibility the Company may have inc urred a material 
loss, or a material loss in excess of a recorded ac crual, with respect to loss contingencies. However,  the outcome of litigation is inherently 
uncertain. Therefore, although management considers  the likelihood of such an outcome to be remote, if  one or more of these legal matters were 
resolved against the Company in the same reporting period for amounts in excess of management’s expect ations, the Company’ s consolidated 
financial statements of a particular reporting peri od could be materially adversely affected.  
   
71  Years        
2012     $ 338    
2013       365    
2014       362    
2015       345    
2016       320    
Thereafter       1,302    
           
Total minimum lease payments     $ 3,032    
           Note 8 – Segment Information and Geographic Data  
The Company reports segment information based on th e “management” approach. The management approach designates the in ternal reporting 
used by management for making decisions and assessi ng performance as the source of the Company’s repor table segments.  
The Company manages its business primarily on a geo graphic basis. Accordingly, the Company determined its reportable operating segments, 
which are generally based on the nature and locatio n of its customers, to be the Americas, Europe, Jap an, Asia-Pacific and Retail operations. The 
results of the Americas, Europe, Japan and Asia- Pacific reportable segments do not include results of the Retail segment. The Americas segment 
includes both North and South America. The Europe s egment includes European countries, as well as the Middle East and Africa. The Asia-
Pacific segment includes Australia and Asian countr ies, other than Japan. The Retail segment operates Apple retail stores in 11 countries. Each 
reportable operating segment provides similar hardw are and software products and similar services. The  accounting policies of the various 
segments are the same as those described in Note 1,  “Summary of Significant Accounting Policies.”  
The Company evaluates the performance of its operat ing segments based on net sales and operating incom e. Net sales for geographic segments 
are generally based on the location of customers, w hile Retail segment net sales are based on sales fr om the Company’ s retail stores. Operating 
income for each segment includes net sales to third  parties, related cost of sales and operating expen ses directly attributable to the segment. 
Advertising expenses are generally included in the geographic segment in which the expenditures are in curred. Operating income for each 
segment excludes other income and expense and certa in expenses managed outside the operating segments.  Costs excluded from segment 
operating income include various corporate expenses , such as manufacturing costs and variances not inc luded in standard costs, research and 
development, corporate marketing expenses, share- based compensation expense, income taxes, various n onrecurring charges, and other 
separately managed general and administrative costs . The Company does not include intercompany transfe rs between segments for management 
reporting purposes. Segment assets exclude corporat e assets, such as cash and cash equivalents, short- term and long- term marketable securities, 
other long- term investments, manufacturing and corporate facil ities, product tooling and manufacturing process eq uipment, miscellaneous 
corporate infrastructure, goodwill and other acquir ed intangible assets. Except for the Retail segment , capital asset purchases for long- lived 
assets are not reported to management by segment. C ash payments for capital asset purchases by the Ret ail segment were $612 million, $392 
million and $369 million for 2011, 2010 and 2009, r espectively.  
The Company has certain retail stores that have bee n designed and built to serve as high- profile venues to promote brand awareness and serve  as 
vehicles for corporate sales and marketing activiti es. Because of their unique design elements, locati ons and size, these stores require 
substantially more investment than the Company’ s more typical retail stores. The Company allocates  certain operating expenses associated with 
its high-profile stores to corporate expense to ref lect the estimated Company- wide benefit. The allocation of these operating cos ts to corporate 
expense is based on the amount incurred for a high- profile store in excess of that incurred by a more typical Company retail location. The 
Company had opened a total of 19 high- profile stores as of September 24, 2011. Amounts al located to corporate expense resulting from the 
operations of high-profile stores were $102 million , $75 million and $65 million for 2011, 2010 and 20 09, respectively.  
   
72  Summary information by operating segment for the th ree years ended September 24, 2011 is as follows (i n millions):  
   
   
A reconciliation of the Company’ s segment operating income and assets to the consol idated financial statements for the three years end ed 
September 24, 2011 is as follows (in millions):  
   
   
73       2011      2010      2009   
Americas:           
Net sales     $ 38,315       $ 24,498       $ 18,981    
Operating income     $ 13,538       $ 7,590       $ 6,658    
Depreciation, amortization and accretion     $ 15       $ 12       $ 12    
Segment assets (a)     $ 3,807       $ 2,809       $ 1,896    
Europe:           
Net sales     $ 27,778       $ 18,692       $ 11,810    
Operating income     $ 11,528       $ 7,524       $ 4,296    
Depreciation, amortization and accretion     $ 9       $ 9       $ 7    
Segment assets     $ 2,985       $ 1,926       $ 1,352    
Japan:           
Net sales     $ 5,437       $ 3,981       $ 2,279    
Operating income     $ 2,481       $ 1,846       $ 961    
Depreciation, amortization and accretion     $ 3       $ 3       $ 2    
Segment assets     $ 804       $ 991       $ 483    
Asia -Pacific:           
Net sales     $ 22,592       $ 8,256       $ 3,179    
Operating income     $ 9,587       $ 3,647       $ 1,100    
Depreciation, amortization and accretion     $ 3       $ 3       $ 3    
Segment assets     $ 1,913       $ 1,622       $ 529    
Retail:           
Net sales     $ 14,127       $ 9,798       $ 6,656    
Operating income     $ 3,344       $ 2,364       $ 1,677    
Depreciation, amortization and accretion (b)     $ 223       $ 163       $ 146    
Segment assets (b)     $ 2,940       $ 1,829       $ 1,344    
  
(a) The Americas asset figures do not include fixed ass ets held in the U.S. Such fixed assets are not allo cated specifically to the Americas 
segment and are included in the corporate and Retai l assets figures below.  
(b) Retail segment depreciation and asset figures refle ct the cost and related depreciation of its retail stores and related infrastructure.  
     2011     2010     2009   
Segment operating income     $ 40,478      $ 22,971      $ 14,692    
Other corporate expenses, net (a)       (5,520 )      (3,707 )      (2,242 )  
Share -based compensation expense       (1,168 )      (879 )      (710 )  
                               
Total operating income     $ 33,790      $ 18,385      $ 11,740    
           
          
          
Segment assets     $ 12,449      $ 9,177      $ 5,604    
Corporate assets       103,922        66,006        41,897    
                               
Consolidated assets     $ 116,371      $ 75,183      $ 47,501    
           
          
          
Segment depreciation, amortization and accretion     $ 253      $ 190      $ 170    
Corporate depreciation, amortization and accretion       1,561        837        564    
                               
Consolidated depreciation, amortization and accreti on     $ 1,814      $ 1,027      $ 734    
           
          
          The U.S. and China were the only countries that acc ounted for more than 10% of Company’ s net sales in 2011. No single country other than t he 
U.S. accounted for more than 10% of net sales in 20 10 or 2009. There was no single customer that accou nted for more than 10% of net sales in 
2011 or 2010. One of the Company’ s customers accounted for 11% of net sales in 2009.  Net sales for the three years ended September 24, 2011 
and long-lived assets as of September 24, 2011, Sep tember 25, 2010 and September 26, 2009 are as follo ws (in millions):  
   
Information regarding net sales by product for the three years ended September 24, 2011, is as follows  (in millions):  
   
   
74    
(a) Other corporate expenses include research and devel opment, corporate marketing expenses, manufacturing  costs and variances not 
included in standard costs, and other separately ma naged general and administrative expenses, includin g certain corporate expenses 
associated with support of the Retail segment.  
     2011      2010      2009   
Net sales:           
U.S.     $ 41,812       $   28,633       $   22,325    
China (a)       12,472         2,764         769    
Other countries       53,965         33,828         19,811    
                                 
Total net sales     $ 108,249       $ 65,225       $ 42,905    
           
           
           
Long -lived assets:           
U.S.     $ 4,375       $ 3,096       $ 2,348    
China (a)       2,613         1,245         365    
Other countries       1,090         661         480    
                                 
Total long -lived assets     $ 8,078       $ 5,002       $ 3,193    
           
           
             
(a) China includes Hong Kong. Long -lived assets located in China consist primarily of product tooling and manufacturing process equipment  
and assets related to retail stores and related inf rastructure.  
     2011      2010      2009   
Desktops (a)     $ 6,439       $     6,201       $     4,324    
Portables (b)       15,344         11,278         9,535    
                                 
Total Mac net sales       21,783         17,479         13,859    
iPod       7,453         8,274         8,091    
Other music related products and services (c)       6,314         4,948         4,036    
iPhone and related products and services (d)       47,057         25,179         13,033    
iPad and related products and services (e)       20,358         4,958         0    
Peripherals and other hardware (f)       2,330         1,814         1,475    
Software, service and other net sales (g)       2,954         2,573         2,411    
                                 
Total net sales     $ 108,249       $ 65,225       $ 42,905    
           
           
             
(a) Includes iMac, Mac mini, Mac Pro and Xserve product  lines.  
(b) Includes MacBook, MacBook Air and MacBook Pro produ ct lines.  
(c) Includes sales from the iTunes Store, App Store , and iBookstore in addition to sales of iPod servi ces and Apple-branded and third- party 
iPod accessories.  
(d) Includes revenue recognized from iPhone sales, carr ier agreements, services, and Apple -branded and third -party iPhone accessories.  
(e) Includes revenue recognized from iPad sales, servic es and Apple -branded and third -party iPad accessories.  
(f) Includes sales of displays, wireless connectivity a nd networking solutions, and other hardware accesso ries.  
(g) Includes sales from the Mac App Store in additi on to sales of other Apple-branded and third- party Mac software and Mac and Internet 
services.  Note 9 – Selected Quarterly Financial Information ( Unaudited)  
The following tables set forth a summary of the Com pany’s quarterly financial information for each of the f our quarters ended September 24, 
2011 and September 25, 2010 (in millions, except pe r share amounts):  
   
   
Basic and diluted earnings per share are computed i ndependently for each of the quarters presented. Th erefore, the sum of quarterly basic and 
diluted per share information may not equal annual basic and diluted earnings per share.  
   
75       Fourth Quarter      Third Quarter      Second Quarter      First Quarter   
2011              
Net sales     $ 28,270       $ 28,571       $ 24,667       $ 26,741    
Gross margin     $ 11,380       $ 11,922       $ 10,218       $ 10,298    
Net income     $ 6,623       $ 7,308       $ 5,987       $ 6,004    
Earnings per common share:              
Basic     $ 7.13       $ 7.89       $ 6.49       $ 6.53    
Diluted     $ 7.05       $ 7.79       $ 6.40       $ 6.43    
     Fourth Quarter      Third Quarter      Second Quarter      First Quarter   
2010              
Net sales     $ 20,343       $ 15,700       $ 13,499       $ 15,683    
Gross margin     $ 7,512       $ 6,136       $ 5,625       $ 6,411    
Net income     $ 4,308       $ 3,253       $ 3,074       $ 3,378    
Earnings per common share:              
Basic     $ 4.71       $ 3.57       $ 3.39       $ 3.74    
Diluted     $ 4.64       $ 3.51       $ 3.33       $ 3.67    Report of Ernst & Young LLP, Independent Registered  Public Accounting Firm  
The Board of Directors and Shareholders of Apple In c.  
We have audited the accompanying consolidated balan ce sheets of Apple Inc. as of September 24, 2011 an d September 25, 2010, and the related 
consolidated statements of operations, shareholders ’ equity and cash flows for each of the three years i n the period ended September 24, 2011. 
These financial statements are the responsibility o f the Company’ s management. Our responsibility is to express an o pinion on these financial 
statements based on our audits.  
We conducted our audits in accordance with the stan dards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Bo ard (United States). Those standards 
require that we plan and perform the audit to obtai n reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material 
misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a tes t basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclo sures in the financial statements. An audit 
also includes assessing the accounting principles u sed and significant estimates made by management, a s well as evaluating the overall financial 
statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.  
In our opinion, the financial statements referred t o above present fairly, in all material respects, t he consolidated financial position of Apple Inc. 
at September 24, 2011 and September 25, 2010, and t he consolidated results of its operations and its c ash flows for each of the three years in the 
period ended September 24, 2011, in conformity with  U.S. generally accepted accounting principles.  
We also have audited, in accordance with the standa rds of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Boar d (United States), Apple Inc.’ s 
internal control over financial reporting as of Sep tember 24, 2011, based on criteria established in Internal Control – Integrated Framework 
issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations  of the Treadway Commission and our report dated Oc tober 26, 2011 expressed an 
unqualified opinion thereon.  
/s/ Ernst & Young LLP  
San Jose, California  
October 26, 2011  
   
76  Report of Ernst & Young LLP, Independent Registered  Public Accounting Firm  
The Board of Directors and Shareholders of Apple In c.  
We have audited Apple Inc.’s internal control over financial reporting as of September 24, 2011, based  on criteria established in Internal Control 
– Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations  of the Treadway Commission (“the COSO criteria”). Apple 
Inc.’s management is responsible for maintaining effecti ve internal control over financial reporting, and f or its assessment of the effectiveness of 
internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Management’ s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial 
Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opin ion on the Company’s internal control over financia l reporting based on our audit.  
We conducted our audit in accordance with the stand ards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Boa rd (United States). Those standards 
require that we plan and perform the audit to obtai n reasonable assurance about whether effective inte rnal control over financial reporting was 
maintained in all material respects. Our audit incl uded obtaining an understanding of internal control  over financial reporting, assessing the risk 
that a material weakness exists, testing and evalua ting the design and operating effectiveness of inte rnal control based on the assessed risk, and 
performing such other procedures as we considered n ecessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our 
opinion.  
A company’ s internal control over financial reporting is a pr ocess designed to provide reasonable assurance rega rding the reliability of financial 
reporting and the preparation of financial statemen ts for external purposes in accordance with general ly accepted accounting principles. A 
company’ s internal control over financial reporting include s those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to  the maintenance of records that, in 
reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect th e transactions and dispositions of the assets of th e company; (2) provide reasonable assurance 
that transactions are recorded as necessary to perm it preparation of financial statements in accordanc e with generally accepted accounting 
principles, and that receipts and expenditures of t he company are being made only in accordance with a uthorizations of management and 
directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonabl e assurance regarding prevention or timely detectio n of unauthorized acquisition, use, or 
disposition of the company’s assets that could have  a material effect on the financial statements.  
Because of its inherent limitations, internal contr ol over financial reporting may not prevent or dete ct misstatements. Also, projections of any 
evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are s ubject to the risk that controls may become inadequ ate because of changes in conditions, or that 
the degree of compliance with the policies or proce dures may deteriorate.  
In our opinion, Apple Inc. maintained, in all mater ial respects, effective internal control over finan cial reporting as of September 24, 2011, based 
on the COSO criteria.  
We also have audited, in accordance with the standa rds of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Boar d (United States), the 2011 
consolidated financial statements of Apple Inc. and  our report dated October 26, 2011 expressed an unq ualified opinion thereon.  
/s/ Ernst & Young LLP  
San Jose, California  
October 26, 2011  
   
77  None.  
   
Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures  
Based on an evaluation under the supervision and wi th the participation of the Company’s management, t he Company’ s principal executive 
officer and principal financial officer have conclu ded that the Company’s disclosure controls and proc edures as defined in Rules 13a- 15(e) and 
15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act were effective as of S eptember 24, 2011 to provide reasonable assurance t hat information required to be 
disclosed by the Company in reports that it files o r submits under the Exchange Act is (i) recorded, p rocessed, summarized and reported within 
the time periods specified in the Securities and Ex change Commission rules and forms and (ii) accumula ted and communicated to the 
Company’ s management, including its principal executive off icer and principal financial officer, as appropriat e to allow timely decisions 
regarding required disclosure.  
Inherent Limitations Over Internal Controls  
The Company’ s internal control over financial reporting is desi gned to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial 
reporting and the preparation of financial statemen ts for external purposes in accordance with GAAP. T he Company’ s internal control over 
financial reporting includes those policies and pro cedures that:  
   
   
   
Management, including the Company’s Chief Executive  Officer and Chief Financial Officer, does not expe ct that the Company’ s internal 
controls will prevent or detect all errors and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well designe d and operated, can provide only reasonable, 
not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Further, the design of a co ntrol system must reflect the fact that there 
are resource constraints, and the benefits of contr ols must be considered relative to their costs. Bec ause of the inherent limitations in all control 
systems, no evaluation of internal controls can pro vide absolute assurance that all control issues and  instances of fraud, if any, have been 
detected. Also, any evaluation of the effectiveness  of controls in future periods are subject to the r isk that those internal controls may become 
inadequate because of changes in business condition s, or that the degree of compliance with the polici es or procedures may deteriorate.  
Management’s Annual Report on Internal Control Over  Financial Reporting  
The Company’ s management is responsible for establishing and ma intaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in 
Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act. Management c onducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of the Company’ s internal control over 
financial reporting based on the criteria set forth  in Internal Control – Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Spo nsoring 
Organizations of the Treadway Commission (“COSO”). Based on the Company’ s assessment, management has concluded that its int ernal 
control over financial reporting was effective as o f September 24, 2011 to provide reasonable assuranc e regarding the reliability of financial 
reporting and the preparation of financial statemen ts in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accou nting principles. The Company’ s 
independent registered public accounting firm, Erns t & Young LLP, has issued an audit report on the Co mpany’s internal control over financial 
reporting, which appears in Item 15(a) of this Annu al Report on Form 10-K.  
   
78  Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Ac counting and Financial Disclosure 
Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
  (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reas onable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the tr ansactions and dispositions of the 
Company ’s assets;  
  (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of fina ncial statements in accordance 
with GAAP, and that the Company’ s receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of the 
Company ’s management and directors; and  
  (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention o r timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use , or disposition of the 
Company ’s assets that could have a material effect on the f inancial statements.  Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reportin g  
There were no changes in the Company’ s internal control over financial reporting during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2011, which were ident ified 
in connection with management’s evaluation required  by paragraph (d) of rules 13a-15 and 15d- 15 under the Exchange Act, that have materially 
affected, or are reasonably likely to materially af fect, the Company’s internal control over financial  reporting.  
   
Not applicable.  
   
79  Item 9B. Other Information PART III  
   
The information required by this Item is set forth under the heading “Directors, Executive Officers an d Corporate Governance” in the 
Company’s 2012 Proxy Statement to be filed with the  U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) in connection with the solicitation of 
proxies for the Company’s 2012 Annual Meeting of Sh areholders (“2012 Proxy Statement”) and is incorporated herein by reference. Such Proxy  
Statement will be filed with the SEC within 120 day s after the end of the fiscal year to which this re port relates.  
   
The information required by this Item is set forth under the headings “Executive Compensation” and “Co mpensation Discussion and Analysis”
in the Company’s 2012 Proxy Statement and is incorp orated herein by reference.  
   
The information required by this Item is set forth under the headings “Security Ownership of Certain B eneficial Owners and Management” and 
“Equity Compensation Plan Information” in the Compa ny’s 2012 Proxy Statement and is incorporated herei n by reference.  
   
The information required by this Item is set forth under the heading “Review, Approval or Ratification  of Transactions with Related Persons” in 
the Company’s 2012 Proxy Statement and is incorpora ted herein by reference.  
   
The information required by this Item is set forth under the heading “Fees Paid to Auditors” in the Co mpany’s 2012 Proxy Statement and is 
incorporated herein by reference.  
   
80  Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governa nce 
Item 11. Executive Compensation 
Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and  Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and  Director Independence 
Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services PART IV  
   
   
   
   
   
All financial statement schedules have been omitted , since the required information is not applicable or is not present in amounts sufficient to 
require submission of the schedule, or because the information required is included in the consolidate d financial statements and notes thereto.  
   
The information required by this Item is set forth on the exhibit index that follows the signature pag e of this report.  
   
81  Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
( a) Documents filed as part of this report  
( 1) All financial statements  
Index to Consolidated Financial Statements    Page   
Consolidated Statements of Operations for the three  years ended September 24, 2011       43    
Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 24, 201 1 and September 25, 2010       44    
Consolidated Statements of Shareholders ’ Equity for the three years ended September 24, 2011        45    
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the three  years ended September 24, 2011       46    
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements       47    
Selected Quarterly Financial Information (Unaudited )       75    
Reports of Ernst & Young LLP, Independent Registere d Public Accounting Firm       76    
( 2) Financial Statement Schedule s  
( b) Exhibits required by Item 601 of Regulation S -K  SIGNATURES  
Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d)  of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the regist rant has duly caused this report to be 
signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, this 26th day of October 2011.  
   
Power of Attorney  
KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each perso n whose signature appears below constitutes and app oints Timothy D. Cook 
and Peter Oppenheimer, jointly and severally, his a ttorneys-in- fact, each with the power of substitution, for him in any and all capacities, to sign 
any amendments to this Annual Report on Form 10- K, and to file the same, with exhibits thereto and other documents in connection therewith, 
with the Securities and Exchange Commission, hereby  ratifying and confirming all that each of said att orneys-in- fact, or his substitute or 
substitutes, may do or cause to be done by virtue h ereof.  
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exch ange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below  by the following persons on behalf of the 
registrant and in the capacities and on the dates i ndicated:  
   
   
82  APPLE INC. 
By:   /s/  Peter Oppenheimer         
  Peter Oppenheimer 
  Senior Vice President,  
Chief Financial Officer  
Name    Title   Date 
/s/    Timothy D. Cook          
TIMOTHY D. COOK     Chief Executive Officer and Director  
(Principal Executive Officer)    October 26, 2011 
/s/    Peter Oppenheimer          
PETER OPPENHEIMER  
   Senior Vice President,  
Chief Financial Officer  
(Principal Financial Officer)    October 26, 2011 
/s/    Betsy Rafael          
BETSY RAFAEL  
   Vice President  
Corporate Controller  
(Principal Accounting Officer)    October 26, 2011 
/s/    William V. Campbell          
WILLIAM V. CAMPBELL     Director 
  October 26, 2011 
/s/    Millard S. Drexler          
MILLARD S. DREXLER     Director 
  October 26, 2011 
/s/    Albert Gore, Jr.          
ALBERT GORE, JR.     Director 
  October 26, 2011 
/s/    Andrea Jung          
ANDREA JUNG     Director 
  October 26, 2011 
/s/    Arthur D. Levinson          
ARTHUR D. LEVINSON     Director 
  October 26, 2011 
/s/    Ronald D. Sugar          
RONALD D. SUGAR     Director 
  October 26, 2011 EXHIBIT INDEX  
   
   
83  Exhibit  
Number    
Exhibit Description     Incorporated by  
Reference  
      Form     Filing Date/  
Period End  
Date  
  3.1  
   Restated Articles of Incorporation, filed with the Secretary  
of State of the State of California on July 10, 200 9.     10 -Q    6/27/09 
  3.2     Bylaws of the Registrant, as amended through April 20, 2011.    10 -Q    3/26/11 
  4.1     Form of Stock Certificate of the Registrant.    10 -Q    12/30/06 
10.1*  
   Employee Stock Purchase Plan, as amended through  
March 8, 2010.     10 -Q    3/27/10 
10.2*  
   Form of Indemnification Agreement between the Regis trant and  
each director and executive officer of the Registra nt.     10 -Q    6/27/09 
10.3*  
   1997 Director Stock Plan, as amended through  
February 25, 2010.     8-K    3/1/10 
10.4*  
   2003 Employee Stock Plan, as amended through  
February 25, 2010.     8-K    3/1/10 
10.5*  
   Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement effec tive as of  
August 28, 2007.     10 -K    9/29/07 
10.6*  
   Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement effec tive as of  
November 11, 2008.     10 -Q    12/27/08 
10.7*  
   Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement effec tive as of  
November 16, 2010.     10 -Q    12/25/10 
14.1**     Business Conduct Policy of the Registrant dated Jul y 2011.       
21.1**     Subsidiaries of the Registrant.       
23.1**  
   Consent of Ernst & Young LLP, Independent Registere d Public  
Accounting Firm.        
24.1**  
   Power of Attorney (included on the Signature Page o f this  
Annual Report on Form 10 -K).        
31.1**     Rule 13a -14(a) / 15d -14(a) Certification of Chief Executive Officer.       
31.2**     Rule 13a -14(a) / 15d -14(a) Certification of Chief Financial Officer.       
32.1***  
   Section 1350 Certifications of Chief Executive Offi cer  
and Chief Financial Officer.        
101.INS     XBRL Instance Document       
101.SCH     XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document       
101.CAL     XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Docume nt       
101.DEF     XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Documen t       
101.LAB     XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document       
101.PRE     XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Docum ent       
  
* Indicates management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement.  
** Filed herewith.  
*** Furnished herewith.  Exhibit 14.1 
   
   
      Business Conduct 
   The way we do business 
worldwide    Business Conduct  
The way we do business worldwide  
Apple conducts business ethically, honestly, and in  full compliance with all 
laws and regulations. This applies to every busines s decision in every area of 
the company worldwide.  
Business Conduct  
The way we do business worldwide  
July 2011        
   
Apple ’s Principles of Business Conduct  
Apple ’s success is based on creating innovative, high-qu ality products and services and on 
demonstrating integrity in every business interacti on. Apple’s principles of business conduct 
define the way we do business worldwide. These prin ciples are:  
   
•      Honesty. Demonstrate honesty and high ethical standards in a ll business dealings.  
   
•      Respect. Treat customers, suppliers, employees, and others w ith respect and courtesy.  
   
•      Confidentiality. Protect the confidentiality of Apple’s information and the information of 
our customers, suppliers, and employees.  
   
•      Compliance. Ensure that business decisions comply with all appl icable laws and 
regulations.  
   
Your Responsibilities  
   
Apple ’s Business Conduct Policy and principles apply to employees, independent 
contractors, consultants, and others who do busines s with Apple. All such individuals are 
expected to comply with Apple’s Business Conduct Po licy and principles and with all 
applicable legal requirements. Apple retains the ri ght to discipline (up to and including 
termination of employment) or end working relations hips with those who do not comply.  
   
If you have knowledge of a possible violation of Ap ple’s Business Conduct Policy or 
principles, other Apple policies, or legal or regul atory requirements, you are required to notify 
either your manager (provided your manager is not i nvolved in the violation), Human 
Resources, Legal, Internal Audit, Finance, or the B usiness Conduct Helpline. If you have 
knowledge of a potential violation and fail to repo rt it, you may be subject to disciplinary 
action.  
   
When facing a tough decision:  
   
•      Use good judgment. Apply Apple’s principles of business conduct, revie w our policies, 
review legal requirements, and then decide what to do.  
   
•      Need some help? When in doubt about how to proceed, discuss pending  decisions with 
your manager, your Human Resources representative, or the Legal Department. If you 
need more support, contact the Business Conduct Hel pline.  
   
Retaliation is Not Tolerated  
   
Apple will not retaliate —and will not tolerate retaliation—against any indi vidual for filing a 
good-faith complaint with management, HR, Legal, In ternal Audit, Finance, or the Business 
Conduct Helpline, or for participating in the inves tigation of any such complaint.     
Business Conduct  
The way we do business worldwide  
July 2011     Contents 
   Customer and Business 
Relationships 
4    Customer Focus 
4 
   Customer and Third-Party 
Information 
4    Nondisclosure Agreements 
4 
   Obtaining and Using Business 
Intelligence 
4    Third -Party Intellectual Property 
4    Copyright -Protected Content 
5    Giving and Receiving Business Gifts 
5    Kickbacks 
5    Side Deals or Side Letters 
6    Competition and Trade Practices 
6    Endorsements 
6    Open Source Software 
   Governments and Communities 
7    Governments as Customers 
7    Gifts to U.S. Officials 
7    Gifts to Non-U.S. Officials 
7    No Bribery or Corruption 
7    Political Contributions 
8    Charitable Donations 
8    Hiring Government Employees 
8 
   Trade Restrictions and Export 
Controls 
8    Environment, Health, and Safety 
8    Community Activities    
   
   Responsibilities to Apple 
9 
   Protecting Apple’s Assets and 
Information 
9    Confidential Apple Information 
9    The Apple Identity and Trademarks 
9 
   Apple Inventions, Patents, and 
Copyrights 
10 
   Activities Related to Technical 
Standards 
10    Accuracy of Records and Reports 
10    Business Expenses 
10    Establishing Bank Accounts 
10    Loans, Advances, and Guarantees 
10    Money Laundering 
11 
   Document Retention and Legal 
Hold 
   Individual Conduct 
12    Conflicts of Interest 
12 
   Outside Employment and 
Inventions 
13    Personal Investments 
13    Workplace Relationships 
13    Buying and Selling Stock 
13    Harassment and Discrimination 
14    Confidential Employee Information 
14    Privacy 
14 
   Public Speaking and Press 
Inquiries 
14    Publishing Articles 
14    Substance Abuse 
   Taking Action 
15    Your Obligation to Take Action 
15    Business Conduct Helpline 
   Additional Resources 
16    Policies and References    
Customer and Business  
Relationships     Business Conduct  
The way we do business worldwide  
July 2011  
   4 
   Customer Focus  
   
Every product we make and every service we provide is for our customers. Focus on 
providing innovative, high-quality products and ser vices and on demonstrating integrity in 
every business interaction. Always apply Apple ’s principles of business conduct.  
To what extent may I use an existing 
customer list to market other Apple 
products or services?  
Before using a customer list for marketing, 
sales, or other activities, talk to your manager 
or the Legal Department. Using an existing 
customer list may or may not be appropriate.  
   Customer and Third-Party Information  
   
Customers, suppliers, and others disclose confident ial information to Apple for business 
purposes. It is the responsibility of every Apple e mployee to protect and maintain the 
confidentiality of this information. Failure to pro tect customer and third-party information may 
damage relations with customers, suppliers, or othe rs and may result in legal liability. See the 
Apple Customer Privacy Policy.  
Where can I learn more about information 
protection and nondisclosure agreements? 
View the Apple policy on Confidential, 
Proprietary, and Trade Secret Information.  
   
Where can I get a nondisclosure 
agreement?  
In the U.S., see the forms Apple provides for 
nondisclosure agreements. Outside the U.S., 
consult your local Apple Legal representative.  
   Nondisclosure Agreements  
   
When dealing with a supplier, vendor, or other thir d party, never share confidential 
information without your manager’s approval. Also, never share confidential information 
outside Apple (for example, with vendors, suppliers , or others) unless a nondisclosure 
agreement is in place. These agreements document th e need to maintain the confidentiality 
of the information. Original copies of nondisclosur e agreements must be forwarded to the 
Legal Department. Always limit the amount of confid ential information shared to the minimum 
necessary to address the business need.  
As long as the information helps Apple, 
why is the source of business intelligence 
an issue?  
Obtaining information illegally or unethically 
could damage Apple’s reputation and in some 
cases could subject Apple to legal liability. For 
example, using illegally or unethically obtained 
information in a bid to the government could 
result in disqualification from future bidding 
and in criminal charges.     Obtaining and Using Business Intelligence  
   
Apple legitimately collects information on customer s and markets in which we operate. Apple 
does not seek business intelligence by illegal or u nethical means, and competitors may not 
be contacted for the purpose of obtaining business intelligence. Sometimes information is 
obtained accidentally or is provided to Apple by un known sources. In such cases, it may be 
unethical to use the information, and you should im mediately contact your manager, the 
Legal Department, or the Business Conduct Helpline to determine how to proceed.  
   Third-Party Intellectual Property  
   
It is Apple’s policy not to knowingly use the intel lectual property of any third party without 
permission or legal right. If you are told or suspe ct that Apple may be infringing an intellectual 
property right, including patents, copyrights, trad emarks, or trade secrets owned by a third 
party, you should contact the Legal Department.  
May I keep my personal music on my 
computer at work?  
If you are authorized to make copies of the 
music for personal use (for example, you own 
the original CD or you purchased the music on 
iTunes), you may keep the music on your 
computer.     Copyright-Protected Content  
   
Never use or copy software, music, videos, publicat ions, or other copyright-protected content 
at work or for business purposes unless you or Appl e are legally permitted to use or make 
copies of the protected content. Never use Apple fa cilities or equipment to make or store 
unauthorized copies.        
Customer and Business  
Relationships     Business Conduct  
The way we do business worldwide  
July 2011  
   5 
Are business meals, travel, and 
entertainment considered gifts?  
Yes. Anything of value given or received is 
considered a gift.  
   
Can I avoid these rules if I pay for gifts to 
customers or business associates myself?  
No. If the gift is given for business reasons and 
you are representing Apple, the gift rules 
apply.  
   Giving and Receiving Business Gifts  
   
Employees may not give or receive gifts or entertai nment to or from current or potential 
vendors, suppliers, customers, or other business as sociates unless all of the following 
conditions are met:  
   
•      Nominal value. The value of the gift is less than US$150. Exceptio ns must be approved 
by your Vice President (for Vice President– level employees, exceptions must be approved 
by your manager).  
   
•      Customary. The item is a customary business gift and would not  embarrass Apple if 
publicly disclosed. Cash is never an acceptable gif t. Giving or receiving cash is viewed as 
a bribe or kickback and is always against Apple pol icy.  
   
•      No favored treatment. The purpose of the gift is not to obtain special or  favored 
treatment.  
   
•     Legal. Giving or accepting the gift is legal in the locati on and under the circumstances 
where given.  
   
•      Recipient is not a government official. Never provide a gift, including meals, 
entertainment, or other items of value, to a U.S. o r foreign government official without 
checking with Government Affairs in advance. See pa ge 7 for more information on gifts to 
government officials.  
   
This policy does not preclude Apple as an organizat ion from receiving and evaluating 
complimentary products or services. It is not inten ded to preclude Apple from giving 
equipment to a company or organization, provided th e gift is openly given, consistent with 
legal requirements, and in Apple’s business interes ts. The policy also does not preclude the 
attendance of Apple employees at business-related s ocial functions, if attendance is 
approved by management and does not create a confli ct of interest.  
   
Important Note: Certain departments (e.g., Operations and Retail) h ave more restrictive gift 
policies, which may prohibit giving or receiving gi fts altogether. Employees in those 
departments must adhere to those stricter policies.   
What is an example of a kickback?  
Apple provides discounts to certain customers. 
However, if a customer gets an inappropriate 
discount, and a sales representative gets a 
payment in return, this is a kickback.  
   
What is an example of a side deal?  
In a sales environment, a side deal may 
involve a guarantee to accept back unsold 
products or other special agreements to 
encourage certain customers to place larger 
orders. Such a side deal, whether written or 
oral, can impact Apple’s potential liability with 
respect to that transaction and may make it 
inappropriate for Apple to recognize revenue 
on the products sold, affecting the accuracy of 
Apple’s books and records. Side deals or side 
letters made outside of Apple’s formal 
contracting and approvals process are strictly 
prohibited.  
   Kickbacks  
   
Kickbacks are payments or items of value given to i ndividuals in connection with the 
purchase or sale of products or services, typically  for providing a discount in a sales 
agreement. Employees are prohibited from giving or receiving kickbacks.  
   
Side Deals or Side Letters  
   
All of the terms and conditions of agreements enter ed into by Apple must be formally 
documented. Contract terms and conditions define th e key attributes of Apple’s rights, 
obligations, and liabilities and can also dictate t he accounting treatment given to a 
transaction. Making business commitments outside of  the formal contracting process, 
through side deals, side letters, or otherwise, is unacceptable. You should not make any oral 
or written commitments that create a new agreement or modify an existing agreement without 
approval through the formal contracting process. In  particular, all commitments must have 
visibility to Finance so Apple can ensure it is pro perly accounting for each transaction. If you 
have knowledge of any side deal, side letter, or ag reement made outside of the formal 
contracting process, you should report it immediate ly to your manager, your Human 
Resources representative, or the Legal Department. You may also contact the Business 
Conduct Helpline.        
Customer and Business  
Relationships     Business Conduct  
The way we do business worldwide  
July 2011  
   6 
What can I do if a reseller complains to me 
about low prices at another reseller?  
Advise the reseller that you can’t discuss or 
attempt to influence pricing of other parties, 
since this could violate antitrust laws.  
   
How should I handle customer inquiries 
about resellers and service providers?  
Apple resellers and service providers are key 
members of the Apple family. They promote 
and sell Apple products, and they provide 
service and support to Apple customers. 
Accordingly, you should never make 
disparaging remarks to customers about 
resellers or service providers.  
   Competition and Trade Practices  
   
Laws regulating competition and trade practices var y around the world, but certain activities, 
such as price fixing and agreeing with a competitor  to allocate customers, are almost always 
illegal and are absolutely prohibited under Apple p olicy.  
   
You should not:  
   
•     Agree with competitors or exchange informatio n with competitors on prices, policies, 
contract terms, costs, inventories, marketing plans , or capacity plans.  
   
•     Agree with a competitor that the competitor w ill sell goods and services to Customer A 
(and you will not), and that you will sell goods an d services to Customer B (and your 
competitor will not).  
   
•     Agree with resellers on the resale pricing of  Apple products without Legal Department 
approval.  
   
•     Require vendors to purchase Apple products in  order to sell products or services to 
Apple.  
   
•     Describe the products or services of competit ors inaccurately to promote Apple products 
or services.  
   
•     Engage in any pricing or other practices that  could defraud a supplier or others.  
   
•     Violate fair bidding practices, including bid ding quiet periods, or provide information to 
benefit one vendor over other vendors.  
What is an example of an endorsement?  
A friend writes a great book on software 
design and asks you to endorse the book by 
making a statement on the back cover. If you 
make such an endorsement, don’ t include your 
job title or affiliation with Apple.  
   Endorsements  
   
When representing Apple, never endorse a product or  service of another business or an 
individual, unless the endorsement has been approve d by your manager and Corporate 
Communications. This does not apply to statements y ou may make in the normal course of 
business about third-party products that are sold b y Apple.  
   
Open Source Software  
   
Open source software is software for which the sour ce code is available without charge 
under a free software or open source license. Befor e using or modifying any open source 
software for Apple infrastructure or as part of an Apple product or service development effort, 
you must review Apple’s Open Source Policy and cont act the Legal Department for approval 
using the forms referenced in that policy.     
Governments and  
Communities     Business Conduct  
The way we do business worldwide  
July 2011  
   7 
Tell me more about pricing products that are sold 
to governments.    Governments as Customers 
Governments shouldn’t be charged more for our 
products or services than Apple charges other 
customers for the same products or services. There 
are laws that make it a crime to overcharge the U.S . 
government. Some other countries have similar laws.  
   Governments are unique customers for Apple. Governm ents often place special 
bidding, pricing, disclosure, and certification req uirements on firms with which they do 
business. Discuss these requirements with Governmen t Affairs or your local Apple 
Legal representative before bidding for government business. For example, Apple may 
have to certify that it is supplying the government  with the lowest price charged to 
Apple ’s commercial customers. Apple may also have to cer tify that its prices have been 
arrived at independently—that is, without collabora tion with a third party. 
Can I avoid a gift limitation by paying for a gift,  
such as lunch or golf, myself?    Gifts to U.S. Officials 
No. If you are representing Apple, any gift to a 
government employee would be viewed as coming 
from Apple.  
   
What is considered a gift to a U.S. or  
foreign official?  
In most cases, anything of value that is given is 
considered a gift. This includes items such as meal s, 
golf, entertainment, and product samples. Cash is 
never an acceptable gift. Typically, giving cash is  
viewed as a bribe or kickback and is against Apple 
policy.  
   
Who is considered a government official?  
Any official or employee of a government, a public 
international organization (such as the European 
Commission), any department or agency thereof, or 
any person acting in an official capacity. It can a lso 
include employees of a state-run or state-owned 
business, such as a public utility or university.     It may be illegal to give a gift, even an inexpensi ve meal or a T-shirt, to a government 
employee. The rules vary depending on the location and job position of the government 
employee (for example, rules may vary by state, sch ool district, and city, and there may 
be different rules for various elected and nonelect ed officials). 
      
To prevent violations, review planned gifts to gove rnment officials with Government 
Affairs in advance of giving a gift.  
      
Gifts to Non-U.S. Officials  
   
In many countries it is considered common courtesy to provide token/ceremonial gifts to 
government officials on certain occasions to help b uild relationships. Check local 
requirements and review any such gifts exceeding US $25 in advance with the Legal 
Department. For meals, the US$25 limit does not nec essarily apply. Check here for 
value limits by country on meals to non-U.S. public  officials and employees. Meals at 
any value should be avoided with officials from gov ernment agencies where Apple has 
a pending application, proposal, or other business.   
   
No Bribery or Corruption  
   
Offering or giving anything of value to a governmen t official for the purpose of obtaining 
or retaining business or to secure any improper adv antage is illegal. Apple personnel 
shall not offer or accept bribes or use other inapp ropriate means to obtain an undue or 
improper advantage, or otherwise violate U.S. or in ternational anticorruption laws and 
regulations (e.g., the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practic es Act).  
      
For additional information, see Apple ’s Foreign Corrupt Practices Act Policy.  
      
Political Contributions  
      
Apple contributes selectively to political candidat es and committees. All corporate 
political contributions, whether monetary or in-kin d (such as the donation/lending of 
equipment or technical services to a campaign), mus t be approved in advance by Apple 
Government Affairs. Employees may not use Apple ass ets (including employee work 
time, or use of Apple premises, equipment, or funds ) to personally support candidates 
and campaigns. It is illegal for Apple to reimburse  an employee for a contribution. For 
more information, see the Apple Corporate Political  Compliance Policy and the Political 
Contributions and Expenditures Policy.        
Governments and  
Communities     Business Conduct  
The way we do business worldwide  
July 2011  
   8 
   Charitable Donations 
   Employees are encouraged to support charitable caus es of their choice, as long as that 
support is provided without the use or furnishing o f Apple assets (including employee work 
time, or use of Apple premises, equipment, or funds ). Any charitable donations involving 
Apple assets require the approval of the Chief Exec utive Officer or Chief Financial Officer. 
For additional information, see Finance Policy 1.10 . 
What should I do if I’ m interested in hiring a 
current or recent government employee?  
Contact Government Affairs before beginning 
any negotiations to hire a current or recent 
government, military or other public sector 
employee as an Apple employee or consultant. 
   Hiring Government Employees  
   
Laws often limit the duties and types of services t hat former government, military or other 
public sector employees may perform as employees or  consultants of Apple. Employment 
negotiations with government employees are prohibit ed while the employees are participating 
in a matter involving Apple ’s interests.  
   Trade Restrictions and Export Controls 
   Many countries periodically impose restrictions on exports and other dealings with certain 
other countries, persons, or groups. Export laws ma y control trading of commodities or 
technologies that are considered to be strategicall y important because they have the 
potential to be used for military purposes. Laws ma y cover travel to or from a sanctioned 
country, imports or exports, new investments, and o ther related topics. Certain laws also 
prohibit support of boycott activities. See Apple ’s Export Control policy for more information. 
   If your work involves the sale or shipment of produ cts, technologies, or services across 
international borders, check with the Export Depart ment to ensure compliance with any laws 
or restrictions that apply. 
How do I get more information regarding 
Apple’s environmental, health, and safety 
programs?  
Visit the Environment+Safety site.     Environment, Health, and Safety (EHS)  
   
Apple operates in a manner that conserves the envir onment and protects the safety and 
health of our employees. Conduct your job safely an d consistent with applicable EHS 
requirements. Use good judgment and always put the environment, health, and safety first. 
Be proactive in anticipating and dealing with EHS r isks.  
   
In keeping with our commitment to the safety of our  people, Apple will not tolerate workplace 
violence. For additional information, review Apple ’s Workplace Violence policy.     
   
What if I want to get more involved in 
community activities?  
Contact Community Affairs. This group 
promotes, supports, and facilitates employees’  
involvement in community volunteer activities. 
Outside the U.S., check with your local Public 
Relations team.     Community Activities  
   
At Apple, we comply with all laws and regulations a nd operate in ways that benefit the 
communities in which we conduct business. Apple enc ourages you to uphold this 
commitment to the community in all your activities.   
   
If you hold an elected or appointed public office w hile employed at Apple, advise Government 
Affairs. Excuse yourself from involvement in any de cisions that might create or appear to 
create a conflict of interest.     
      
Responsibilities to Apple  
   Business Conduct  
The way we do business worldwide  
July 2011     9 
What are assets?  
Assets include Apple’s extremely valuable 
proprietary information (such as intellectual 
property, confidential business plans, 
unannounced product plans, sales and 
marketing strategies, and other trade secrets); 
as well as physical assets like cash, 
equipment, supplies, and product inventory.  
   
Where can I learn more about information 
protection and nondisclosure agreements? 
View the Apple policy on Confidential, 
Proprietary, and Trade Secret Information.     Protecting Apple ’s Assets and Information 
      
As an Apple employee you must protect Apple ’s property and abide by the following 
guidelines:  
   
•     Follow all security procedures and be on the lookout for any instances you believe could 
lead to loss, misuse, or theft of company property.   
   
•     Protect physical assets such as equipment, su pplies, cash, and charge cards.  
   
•     Use extreme care to protect Apple’s proprieta ry information from improper disclosure to 
third parties. This information includes technical product information, information related to 
current and future products and services, confident ial market research, sales and 
marketing plans, nonpublic earnings or financial da ta, and organizational charts and 
information.  
   
•     Follow procurement policies and procedures wh en acquiring goods or services on behalf 
of Apple, avoiding any real or apparent conflict of  interest. For more information on 
procurement policies and procedures, talk to your m anager or visit Apple Procurement.  
   
•     Use Apple’s assets in a manner that prevents damage, waste, misuse, or theft. Use 
assets only for legal and ethical purposes.  
   
•     Dispose of assets only with appropriate appro val and in compliance with applicable 
policies. Before disposing of assets, discuss your plans with your manager.  
If I believe that it is appropriate to disclose 
confidential proprietary information to a 
vendor or other third party, what should I 
do?    Confidential Apple Information  
   
One of Apple’s greatest assets is information about  our products and services, including 
future product offerings. Never disclose confidenti al operational, financial, trade secret, or 
other business information without verifying with y our manager that such disclosure is 
appropriate. Typically, disclosure of this informat ion is very limited, and the information may 
be shared with vendors, suppliers, or other third p arties only after a nondisclosure agreement 
is in place. Even within Apple, confidential inform ation should be shared only on a need-to-
know basis. The Intellectual Property Agreement you  signed when you joined Apple defines 
your duty to protect information.  First, verify that there is a business need for 
the disclosure. Second, obtain your manager’ s 
approval for the disclosure. Third, be sure that 
a nondisclosure agreement is in place with the 
vendor or third party, and that you forward the 
original copy of the agreement to the Legal 
Department. If you are still unsure, check with 
the Legal Department before making the 
disclosure.    
   
How do I identify confidential Apple 
information in documents?  
Mark these documents “Apple Confidential.”  
   
What if I have a specific question on the 
use of the Apple name, names of products 
or services, or the Apple logo?  
Please direct questions about the Apple 
corporate identity to corpID@apple.com.  
   
How can I find out more about patents?  
Visit Apple ’s Patent Information site.        
The Apple Identity and Trademarks  
   
The Apple name, names of products (such as iPhone),  names of services (such as 
AppleCare), tag lines (such as “Don’t steal music”), and logos (such as the famili ar Apple 
logo) collectively create the Apple identity. Befor e publicly using the Apple name, product 
names, service names, tag lines, or the Apple logo,  review Apple’s corporate identity 
guidelines on how names and logos can be used and p resented (for example, the size of the 
Apple logo and the amount of white space surroundin g the logo). Before using the product 
names, service names, tag lines, or logos of third parties, check with the Legal Department.  
      
Apple Inventions, Patents, and Copyrights  
   
Apple ’s practice is to consider for patenting the invent ions of its employees, regardless of 
whether the inventions are implemented in actual pr oducts. If you are involved in product 
development, you should contact the Legal Departmen t regarding the patentability of your 
work. Be alert to possible infringement of Apple ’s patents and bring any possible 
infringements directly to the Legal Department.  
   If you create original material for Apple that requ ires copyright protection, such as software, 
place Apple’s copyright notice on the work and subm it a copyright disclosure form to the 
Legal Department. For more information, visit the A pple Copyright Information site.       
Responsibilities to Apple  
   Business Conduct  
The way we do business worldwide  
July 2011     10 
   Activities Related to Technical Standards  
   
There are numerous organizations that develop or pr omote technical standards (e.g., W3C, 
OASIS, INCITS, IEEE, ETSI). Before engaging in acti vities related to technical standards, 
including, for example, joining a standards organiz ation or working group, contributing 
technology to a standard, or using a standard in th e development of an Apple product, 
employees must receive management and Legal approva l. For additional information, see 
Apple ’s Standards Legal Policy.  
   
Accuracy of Records and Reports  
   
Accurate records are critical to meeting Apple ’s legal, financial, and management obligations. 
Ensure that all records and reports, including cust omer information, technical and product 
information, correspondence, and public communicati ons, are full, fair, accurate, timely, and 
understandable.  
   
Never misstate facts, omit critical information, or  modify records or reports in any way to 
mislead others, and never assist others in doing so .  
How can I learn more about procedures for 
meals and travel?    Business Expenses 
See Apple’s Travel policy or talk to your 
manager. 
   All employees must observe policies and procedures regarding business expenses, such as 
meal and travel expenses, and submit accurate expen se reimbursement requests. 
Guidelines on daily meal expenses vary worldwide. 
   Establishing Bank Accounts 
   All Apple bank accounts must be approved and establ ished by Apple ’s Treasury Department. 
All payments must be made by recordable and traceab le methods. For more information, 
contact the Treasury Department. 
   Loans, Advances, and Guarantees 
   Other than through established corporate programs, such as programs for employee 
relocation and the cashless exercise of stock optio ns, Apple does not provide loans or 
advances of corporate funds to its employees, offic ers, Board members, or their families and 
does not guarantee their obligations. 
If I suspect money laundering, what should 
I do?    Money Laundering 
Advise your manager or contact the Apple 
Legal Department. 
   Money laundering is the process by which individual s or organizations try to conceal illicit 
funds or make these funds look legitimate. If you a re in a position to deal directly with 
customers or vendors, the following examples may be  indications of potential money 
laundering: 
   •    Attempts to make large payments in cash  
   
•    Payments by someone who is not a party to the contract  
   
•    Requests to pay more than provided for in the contract  
   
•    Payments made in currencies other than those s pecified in the contract  
   
•    Payments from an unusual, nonbusiness account        
Responsibilities to Apple  
   Business Conduct  
The way we do business worldwide  
July 2011     11 
Tell me more about “legal holds.”  
In a litigation case or other legal matter, Apple 
may be required to produce documents. In 
these cases the Legal Department may put a 
“legal hold” on certain documents to prevent 
the documents from being destroyed, altered, 
or modified. If it is found that Apple has failed 
to retain or produce required documents, 
penalties or adverse rulings may result. 
Adverse rulings in major litigation cases can 
cost Apple a significant amount of money. 
Failure of employees to retain and preserve 
documents placed on a legal hold may result 
in discipline or discharge.    Document Retention and Legal Hold 
     
As an Apple employee, you have a responsibility to manage documents and make decisions 
on document retention. The definition of “document”  is extremely broad. For example, every 
email or other electronic file, every customer reco rd, and every transaction involves the 
creation of a document. Different documents have di fferent retention periods. Check with your 
manager or contact Records Management to determine the appropriate retention period for 
documents in your area.  
   
At times, Apple may need to retain documents beyond  the period they would normally be 
retained. The most common reasons are litigation or  other legal matters. In these situations, 
retention and preservation of documents is critical . If you have documents that may be 
required for litigation or other legal matters, the  Legal Department will place those documents 
on a “legal hold,” meaning the documents cannot be altered, destroyed,  deleted, or modified in 
any manner. Legal will notify the individuals most closely identified with the documents about 
the legal hold and will provide instructions for re taining the documents. Recipients of a legal 
hold must ensure that these instructions are follow ed. A legal hold remains in effect until you 
are notified by the Legal Department in writing.     
Individual Conduct  
   Business Conduct  
The way we do business worldwide  
July 2011     12 
Can you give an example of conflicts of 
interest or potential divided loyalty?  
Your brother-in-law owns a business, that 
business is being considered as a vendor for 
Apple, and you are one of the decision 
makers.  
   Conflicts of Interest  
   
A conflict of interest is any activity that is inco nsistent with or opposed to Apple ’s best 
interests, or that gives the appearance of impropri ety or divided loyalty. Avoid any situation 
that creates a real or perceived conflict of intere st. Use good judgment, and if you are unsure 
about a potential conflict, talk to your manager, c ontact Human Resources, check with the 
Legal Department, or contact the Business Conduct H elpline.  
   
Do not conduct Apple business with family members o r others with whom you have a 
significant personal relationship. In rare cases wh ere exceptions may be appropriate, written 
approval from the Senior Vice President for your or ganization is required.  
   
You shouldn’t use your position at Apple to obtain favored treatment for yourself, family 
members, or others with whom you have a significant  relationship. This applies to product 
purchases or sales, investment opportunities, hirin g, promoting, selecting contractors or 
suppliers, and any other business matter. This does  not apply to special purchase plans 
offered by Apple. If you believe you have a potenti al conflict involving a family member or 
other individual, disclose it to your manager.  
Am I allowed to develop outside iPhone or 
iPad apps on my own time?    Outside Employment and Inventions 
No. Employees are not permitted to have any 
involvement in the development of outside 
iPhone or iPad apps, either alone or jointly 
with others.    Full-time Apple employees must notify their manager  before taking any other employment. In 
addition, any employee (full-time or part-time) who  obtains additional outside employment, 
has an outside business, or is working on an invent ion must comply with the following rules. 
May I occasionally use my Apple email 
address for my outside business?  
Limited personal use of your Apple email is 
permitted for activities such as sending a brief 
message to a friend. You may never use your 
Apple email for an outside business.  
   
I’m working on an invention on my own 
time. Does Apple need to know?  
If your invention relates to your job at Apple or 
could compete with current or reasonably 
anticipated future products or services of 
Apple, disclose the invention to your manager.  
   
May I serve on the board of directors of an 
outside enterprise or organization?  
If you plan to serve on a board, you must 
obtain approval from your manager and the 
Senior Vice President for your organization. In 
addition, Vice Presidents and Executive Team 
members must obtain the approval of their 
manager and the CEO before they can accept 
a position on the board of directors of a private 
or publicly traded company (other than 
nonprofit entities).  
   Do not:  
   
•     Use any time at work or any Apple assets for your other job, outside business, or 
invention. This includes using Apple workspace, tel ephones, computers, Internet access, 
copy machines, and any other Apple assets or servic es.  
   
•     Use your position at Apple to solicit work fo r your outside business or other employer, to 
obtain favored treatment, or to pressure others to assist you in working on your invention.  
   
•     Use confidential Apple information to benefit  your other employer, outside business, or 
invention.  
   
•     Participate in an outside employment activity  that could have an adverse effect on your 
ability to perform your duties at Apple.  
   
•     Participate in an outside business or outside emplo yment, or develop an invention, that is 
in an area of Apple’s present or reasonably anticip ated future business.  
   
Before participating in inventions or businesses th at are in the same area as your work for 
Apple or that compete with or relate to present or reasonably anticipated Apple products or 
services, you must have written permission from you r manager, an Apple product law 
attorney, and the Senior Vice President of your org anization. For additional information, see 
Apple ’s policy on Conflicts of Interest.        
Individual Conduct  
   Business Conduct  
The way we do business worldwide  
July 2011     13 
I have stock in companies that do business 
with Apple. Is this a problem?  
It’s unlikely that this is a problem. However, it 
could be a concern if (1) you’re influencing a 
transaction between Apple and the company, 
and (2) the transaction is significant enough to 
potentially affect the value of your investment.  
   Personal Investments  
   
Many Apple employees have investments in publicly t raded stock or privately held 
businesses. These personal investments may give ris e to a conflict of interest if you are 
involved in or attempt to influence transactions be tween Apple and a business in which you 
are invested. If a real or apparent conflict arises , disclose the conflict to your manager. The 
manager will help determine whether a conflict exis ts and, if appropriate, the best approach 
to eliminate the conflict.  
   
Workplace Relationships  
   
Personal relationships in the workplace may present  an actual or perceived conflict of interest 
where one individual in the relationship may be in a position to make or influence 
employment decisions regarding the other. If you fi nd yourself in such a relationship, you 
must notify Human Resources so they may assist you in resolving any potential conflicts. 
Employees should not allow their relationships to d isrupt the workplace or interfere with their 
work or judgment. For additional information, see A pple ’s policy on Personal Relationships.  
How do I know whether information is 
material?  
Determining what constitutes material 
information is a matter of judgment. In general, 
information is material if it would likely be 
considered important by an investor buying or 
selling the particular stock.  
   
Does Apple’s policy apply to buying or 
selling stock in other companies?  
Yes. For example, say you learn about a 
customer’ s nonpublic expansion plans through 
discussions about hardware purchases. If you 
purchase stock in the customer’s company or 
advise others to do so, it could be viewed as 
insider trading.  
   Buying and Selling Stock  
   
Never buy or sell stock while you are in possession  of information obtained through your 
employment at Apple that has not been publicly anno unced and could have a material effect 
on the value of the stock. This applies to decision s to buy or sell Apple securities and to 
investments in other companies. It is also against Apple policy and may be illegal to give 
others, such as friends and family, tips on when to  buy or sell stock while you are in 
possession of material, nonpublic information conce rning that stock.  
   
In addition, employees are prohibited from investin g in derivatives of Apple’s securities. This 
includes, but is not limited to, trading in put or call options related to securities of the 
company.  
   
Members of Apple’s Board of Directors, executive of ficers, and certain other individuals are 
subject to blackout periods during which they are p rohibited from trading in Apple stock. If 
you are subject to these restrictions, you will be notified by the Legal Department. Even if you 
are not subject to blackout periods, you may never buy or sell stock while you are in 
possession of material, nonpublic information.  
   
Review Apple’s Insider Trading policy. Specific que stions on buying and selling stock should 
be referred to the Legal Department.  
What is harassment?  
Harassment can be verbal, visual, or physical 
in nature. Specific examples of prohibited 
harassing conduct include, but are not limited 
to: slurs, jokes, statements, notes, letters, 
electronic communication, pictures, drawings, 
posters, cartoons, gestures, and unwelcome 
physical contact that are based on an 
individual’s protected class.  
   
Need more information?  
In the U.S., refer to Apple’ s Harassment policy. 
Outside the U.S., contact Human Resources.  
   Harassment and Discrimination  
   
Apple encourages a creative, culturally diverse, an d supportive work environment. Apple 
does not tolerate harassment or discrimination base d on factors such as race, color, sex, 
sexual orientation, gender identity characteristics  or expression, religion, national origin, age, 
marital status, disability, medical condition, vete ran status, or pregnancy. Additional 
restrictions may apply based on regional laws and r egulations.  
   
These requirements apply to interactions with emplo yees, customers, suppliers, and 
applicants for employment and any other interaction s where you represent Apple.  
   
If you feel that you have been harassed or discrimi nated against or have witnessed such 
behavior, report the situation to a manager or to H uman Resources. You may also contact 
the Business Conduct Helpline.        
Individual Conduct  
   Business Conduct  
The way we do business worldwide  
July 2011     14 
Where can I learn more about policies on 
confidential employee information?    Confidential Employee Information 
View the Apple Safe Harbor Privacy Policy. 
   As part of your job, you may have access to persona l information regarding other Apple 
employees or applicants, including information rega rding their employment history, personal 
contact information, compensation, health informati on, or performance and disciplinary 
matters. This information is confidential and shoul d be shared only with those who have a 
business need to know. It should not be shared outs ide Apple unless there is a legal or 
business reason to share the information and you ha ve approval from your manager. 
Is personal information on my computer 
system private?    Privacy 
Limited personal use of Apple equipment and 
systems is allowed, but subject to local 
regulations, Apple may monitor equipment and 
systems. If in doubt, check with the Legal 
Department. 
   Subject to rules or regulations affecting an employ ee’s rights, Apple may monitor or search 
its work environments, including equipment, network s, mail, and electronic systems, without 
notice. Apple monitors facilities and equipment to promote safety, prevent unlawful activity, 
investigate misconduct, manage information systems,  comply with legal guidelines, and for 
other business purposes. 
If I make a presentation on my own time, 
may I accept a payment?    Public Speaking and Press Inquiries 
That depends. If you are representing Apple, 
you may not accept payment. If you are on 
your own time and are not representing Apple, 
you may be allowed to accept payment. Before 
accepting this type of opportunity, check with 
your manager, Human Resources, or the 
Business Conduct Helpline. 
   All public speaking engagements that relate to Appl e ’s business or products must be 
preapproved by your manager and Corporate Communica tions. If you receive approval to 
make a public presentation at a business meeting or  conference, you may not request or 
accept any form of personal compensation from the o rganization that requested the 
presentation. This does not prohibit accepting reim bursement for expenses, if approved by 
your manager. 
      
All inquiries from the press or the financial analy st community must be referred to Corporate 
Communications or the Investor Relations Department .  
   Publishing Articles  
   
If you author an article or other publication, do n ot identify yourself in the publication as an 
employee of Apple without prior approval from Corpo rate Communications. This could be 
viewed as an endorsement by Apple.  
What if I have a substance abuse issue?  
Help yourself and Apple by taking action. Talk 
to your Human Resources representative or, in 
the U.S., view information on the Employee 
Assistance Program.     Substance Abuse 
      
Employees are prohibited from manufacturing, distri buting, dispensing, possessing, using, or 
being under the influence of illegal drugs in the w orkplace. Use of alcohol or medications on 
the job or before work can cause safety issues, dam age customer relations, and hurt 
productivity and innovation. Use good judgment and keep in mind that you are expected to 
perform to your full ability when working for Apple . View Apple’s policy on Drugs in the 
Workplace.     
Taking Action  
   Business Conduct  
The way we do business worldwide  
July 2011     15 
   Your Obligation to Take Action  
   
Always apply Apple ’s principles of business conduct, follow Apple pol icies, and comply with 
laws and regulations. When you are unsure, take the  initiative to investigate the right course 
of action. Check with your manager, Human Resources , Legal, Internal Audit, or Finance, 
and review our policies on AppleWeb. If you would l ike to talk with someone outside your 
immediate area, consider contacting the Business Co nduct Helpline.  
   
If you know about a possible violation of Apple’s B usiness Conduct Policy or legal or 
regulatory requirements, you are required to notify  your manager (provided your manager is 
not involved in the violation), Human Resources, Le gal, Internal Audit, Finance, or the 
Business Conduct Helpline. Failure to do so may res ult in disciplinary action.  
   
Employees must cooperate fully in any Apple investi gation and must keep their knowledge 
and participation confidential to help safeguard th e integrity of the investigation.  
   
Business Conduct Helpline  
   
The Business Conduct Helpline is available 24/7 to all employees worldwide to help answer 
your questions on business conduct issues, policies , regulations, and compliance with legal 
requirements. It also allows you to advise Apple of  situations that may require investigation or 
management attention.  
   
The Business Conduct Helpline is committed to keepi ng your issues and identity confidential. 
If you would be more comfortable doing so, you may contact the Helpline anonymously. Your 
information will be shared only with those who have  a need to know, such as those involved 
in answering your questions or investigating and co rrecting issues you raise. Note that if your 
information involves accounting, finance, or auditi ng, the law may require that necessary 
information be shared with the Audit and Finance Co mmittee of Apple’s Board of Directors.  
   
Due to legal restrictions, anonymous use of the Bus iness Conduct Helpline is not encouraged 
in certain countries (e.g., France).  
   
Apple will not retaliate —and will not tolerate retaliation—against any indi vidual for their good-
faith use of the Business Conduct Helpline.  
   
Information on contacting the Business Conduct Help line—including via email, toll-free 
telephone, and web access —is available on AppleWeb.     
Additional Resources  
   Business Conduct  
The way we do business worldwide  
July 2011     16 
   Policies and References  
   
Alcohol in the Workplace  
   
Books and Publications  
   
Business Conduct Helpline  
   
Buying and Selling Stock: Blackout Periods  
   
Buying and Selling Stock: Insider Trading  
   
Community Affairs  
   
Confidential, Proprietary, and Trade Secret Informa tion  
   
Copyright Information  
   
Copyright Policy  
   
Corporate Identity Guidelines  
   
Customer Privacy Policy  
   
Diversity  
   
Employee Assistance Program (U.S. only)  
   
Environment+Safety  
   
Equal Employment Opportunity  
   
Export Control  
   
Foreign Corrupt Practices Act Policy  
   
Government Affairs     
      
Additional Resources  
   Business Conduct  
The way we do business worldwide  
July 2011     17 
   Policies and References (continued) 
   Harassment  
   
Information Security  
   
Intellectual Property  
   
Legal Department Contacts  
   
Mail and Electronic Communications  
   
Name and Logo Use Questions: corpID@apple.com  
   
Nondisclosure and Confidentiality Agreements  
   
Open Communication  
   
Open Source Software  
   
Outside Business Activities  
   
Patent Information  
   
Patent Policy  
   
Personal Relationships  
   
Political Compliance  
   
Procurement  
   
Reasonable Accommodation  
   
Records Management  
   
Safe Harbor Privacy Policy  
   
Standards Legal Policy  
   
Trademarks  
   
Travel Policy  
      
   
   
2011 Apple Inc. All rights reserved. Apple, the App le logo, iPhone, iPad, and iTunes are trademarks of  Apple Inc., 
registered in the U.S. and other countries. AppleCa re is a service mark of Apple Inc., registered in t he U.S. and other 
countries.  © Exhibit 21.1 
SUBSIDIARIES OF  
APPLE INC.*  
   
       Jurisdiction  
of Incorporation  
Apple Sales International     Ireland 
Apple Operations International     Ireland 
Braeburn Capital, Inc.     Nevada, U.S. 
  
* Pursuant to Item 601(b)(21)(ii) of Regulation S- K, the names of other subsidiaries of Apple Inc. ar e omitted because, considered in the 
aggregate, they would not constitute a significant subsidiary as of the end of the year covered by thi s report.  Exhibit 23.1 
Consent of Ernst & Young LLP, Independent Registere d Public Accounting Firm  
We consent to the incorporation by reference in the  Registration Statements on Forms S-8 (333-75930, 3 33-125148, 333-146026, 333- 165214, 
and 333-168279) of Apple Inc. of our reports dated October 26, 2011 with respect to the consolidated financial  statements of Apple Inc., and the 
effectiveness of internal control over financial re porting of Apple Inc., included in this Annual Repo rt on Form 10- K for the year ended 
September 24, 2011.  
/s/ Ernst & Young LLP  
San Jose, California  
October 26, 2011  Exhibit 31.1 
CERTIFICATIONS  
I, Timothy D. Cook, certify that:  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
Date: October 26, 2011  
   1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10 -K of Apple Inc.;  
2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain  any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to  state a material fact necessary to 
make the statements made, in light of the circumsta nces under which such statements were made, not mis leading with respect to the period 
covered by this report;  
3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, an d other financial information included in this repo rt, fairly present in all material 
respects the financial condition, results of operat ions and cash flows of the registrant as of, and fo r, the periods presented in this report;  
4. The registrant ’s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible  for establishing and maintaining disclosure contro ls and procedures (as 
defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d- 15(e)) and internal control over financial reportin g (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 
13a -15(f) and 15d -15(f)) for the registrant and have:  
  (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, o r caused such disclosure controls and procedures to  be designed under our 
supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the  registrant, including its consolidated subsidiarie s, is made known to us 
by others within those entities, particularly durin g the period in which this report is being prepared ;  
  (b) Designed such internal control over financial repor ting, or caused such internal control over financia l reporting to be designed under 
our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance re garding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial 
statements for external purposes in accordance with  generally accepted accounting principles;  
  (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant ’s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about 
the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and pr ocedures, as of the end of the period covered by th is report based on such 
evaluation; and  
  (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the regi strant’s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant’ s 
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant’ s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual re port) that has materially affected, or is 
reasonably likely to materially affect, the registr ant ’s internal control over financial reporting; and  
5. The registrant’ s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed,  based on our most recent evaluation of internal co ntrol over financial 
reporting, to the registrant’s auditors and the aud it committee of the registrant’ s board of directors (or persons performing the equ ivalent 
functions):  
  (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesse s in the design or operation of internal control ov er financial reporting which are 
reasonably likely to adversely affect the registran t ’s ability to record, process, summarize, and report  financial information; and  
  (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involv es management or other employees who have a signifi cant role in the registrant’ s 
internal control over financial reporting.  
By:   /s/  Timothy D. Cook       
  Timothy D. Cook 
  Chief Executive Officer Exhibit 31.2 
CERTIFICATIONS  
I, Peter Oppenheimer, certify that:  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
Date: October 26, 2011  
   1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10 -K of Apple Inc.;  
2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain  any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to  state a material fact necessary to 
make the statements made, in light of the circumsta nces under which such statements were made, not mis leading with respect to the period 
covered by this report;  
3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, an d other financial information included in this repo rt, fairly present in all material 
respects the financial condition, results of operat ions and cash flows of the registrant as of, and fo r, the periods presented in this report;  
4. The registrant ’s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible  for establishing and maintaining disclosure contro ls and procedures (as 
defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d- 15(e)) and internal control over financial reportin g (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 
13a -15(f) and 15d -15(f)) for the registrant and have:  
  (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, o r caused such disclosure controls and procedures to  be designed under our 
supervision, to ensure that material information re lating to the registrant, including its consolidate d subsidiaries, is made known to us 
by others within those entities, particularly durin g the period in which this report is being prepared ;  
  (b) Designed such internal control over financial repor ting, or caused such internal control over financia l reporting to be designed under 
our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance re garding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial 
statements for external purposes in accordance with  generally accepted accounting principles;  
  (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant ’s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about 
the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and pr ocedures, as of the end of the period covered by th is report based on such 
evaluation; and  
  (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the regi strant’s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant’ s 
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant’ s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual re port) that has materially affected, or is 
reasonably likely to materially affect, the registr ant ’s internal control over financial reporting; and  
5. The registrant’ s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed,  based on our most recent evaluation of internal co ntrol over financial 
reporting, to the registrant’s auditors and the aud it committee of the registrant’ s board of directors (or persons performing the equ ivalent 
functions):  
  (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesse s in the design or operation of internal control ov er financial reporting which are 
reasonably likely to adversely affect the registran t ’s ability to record, process, summarize, and report  financial information; and  
  (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involv es management or other employees who have a signifi cant role in the registrant’ s 
internal control over financial reporting.  
By:   /s/   Peter Oppenheimer       
  Peter Oppenheimer  
Senior Vice President,  
Chief Financial Officer  Exhibit 32.1 
CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER  
PURSUANT TO  
18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,  
AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO  
SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  
I, Timothy D. Cook, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of  the Sarbanes- Oxley Act of 2002, that the 
Annual Report of Apple Inc. on Form 10- K for the fiscal year ended September 24, 2011 full y complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) 
or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and  that information contained in such Form 10- K fairly presents in all material respects the 
financial condition and results of operations of Ap ple Inc.  
October 26, 2011  
I, Peter Oppenheimer, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C . Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes- Oxley Act of 2002, that 
the Annual Report of Apple Inc. on Form 10-K for th e fiscal year ended September 24, 2011 fully compli es with the requirements of Section 13 
(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934  and that information contained in such Form 10- K fairly presents in all material respects the 
financial condition and results of operations of Ap ple Inc.  
October 26, 2011  
A signed original of this written statement require d by Section 906 has been provided to Apple Inc. an d will be retained by Apple Inc. and 
furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission  or its staff upon request.  By:   /s/   Timothy D. Cook          
  Timothy D. Cook 
  Chief Executive Officer 
By:   /s/  Peter Oppenheimer       
  Peter Oppenheimer 
  Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer 