APPLE INC
FORM 10-K
(Annual Report)
Filed 10/30/13 for the Period Ending 09/28/13
  
  
Address
ONE INFINITE LOOP
CUPERTINO, CA 95014
Telephone
(408) 996-1010
CIK
0000320193
Symbol
AAPL
SIC Code
3571 - Electronic Computers
Industry
Computer Hardware
Sector
Technology
Fiscal Year
09/27
http://www.edgar-online.com
© Copyright 2015, EDGAR Online, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Distribution and use of this document restricted under EDGAR Online, Inc. Terms of Use.
Table of Contents  
      
UNITED STATES  
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  
Washington, D.C. 20549  
   
Form 10-K  
   
(Mark One)  
For the fiscal year ended September 28, 2013  
Or  
   
For the transition period from                           to                           
Commission file number: 000-10030  
   
APPLE INC.  
(Exact name of registrant as specified in its chart er)  
   
   
   
Registrant’s telephone number, including area code:  (408) 996-1010  
   
Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:  
   
Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None  
   
Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well- known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of th e Securities Act.  
Yes        No   /box2  
Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not req uired to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Sec tion 15(d) of the Act.  
Yes   /box2     No     
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) h as filed all reports required to be filed by Sectio n 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act 
of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such  shorter period that the registrant was required to  file such reports), and (2) has been subject 
to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.  
Yes        No   /box2  
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has s ubmitted electronically and posted on its corporate  Web site, if any, every Interactive Data 
File required to be submitted and posted pursuant t o Rule 405 of Regulation S- T (§232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 1 2 months (or 
for such shorter period that the registrant was req uired to submit and post such files).  
Yes        No   /box2  
Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K (§229.405 of this chapter) is not contained 
herein, and will not be contained, to the best of t he registrant’ s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information sta tements incorporated by 
reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amen dment to this Form 10-K.     
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a no n-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting 
company. See the definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer” and “smaller reporting company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange 
Act.  
     
  
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF TH E SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934  
/box2 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) O F THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934  
  
  
California   94 -2404110 
(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or or ganization)   (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
1 Infinite Loop  
Cupertino, California    95014 
(Address of principal executive offices)   (Zip Code) 
  
Common Stock, no par value   The NASDAQ Stock Market LLC 
(Title of class)   (Name of exchange on which registered) 
  
Large accelerated filer        Accelerated filer    /box2 
Non -accelerated filer    /box2   (Do not check if a smaller reporting company)     Smaller reporting company    /box2 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act) .  
Yes   /box2     No     
The aggregate market value of the voting and non-vo ting stock held by non- affiliates of the registrant, as of March 29, 2013,  the last business 
day of the registrant’ s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, wa s approximately $416,005,000,000. Solely for purpos es of this 
disclosure, shares of common stock held by executiv e officers and directors of the registrant as of su ch date have been excluded because such 
persons may be deemed to be affiliates. This determ ination of executive officers and directors as affi liates is not necessarily a conclusive 
determination for any other purposes.  
899,738,000 shares of common stock were issued and outstanding as of October 18, 2013.  
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE  
Portions of the registrant’s definitive proxy state ment relating to its 2014 annual meeting of shareho lders (the “2014 Proxy Statement”) are 
incorporated by reference into Part III of this Ann ual Report on Form 10- K where indicated. The 2014 Proxy Statement will be  filed with the 
U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days after the end of the fiscal year to which this  report relates.  
         Table of Contents  
Apple Inc.  
Form 10-K  
For the Fiscal Year Ended September 28, 2013  
TABLE OF CONTENTS  
   
         Page   
Part I    
Item 1.    Business       1    
Item 1A.    Risk Factors       9    
Item 1B.    Unresolved Staff Comments       20    
Item 2.    Properties       20    
Item 3.    Legal Proceedings       21    
Item 4.    Mine Safety Disclosures       21    
Part II    
Item 5.    Market for Registrant ’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Is suer Purchases of Equity Securities       22    
Item 6.    Selected Financial Data       24    
Item 7.    Management ’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition an d Results of Operations       25    
Item 7A.    Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Mark et Risk       42    
Item 8.    Financial Statements and Supplementary Data       44    
Item 9.    Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Ac counting and Financial Disclosure       81    
Item 9A.    Controls and Procedures       81    
Item 9B.    Other Information       82    
Part III    
Item 10.    Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governa nce       83    
Item 11.    Executive Compensation       83    
Item 12.    Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and  Management and Related Stockholder Matters       83    
Item 13.    Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence       83    
Item 14.    Principal Accounting Fees and Services       83    
Part IV    
Item 15.    Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules       84    Table of Contents  
The Business section and other parts of this Annual  Report on Form 10-K (“Form 10-K”) contain forward- looking statements, within the 
meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform  Act of 1995, that involve risks and uncertainties.  Many of the forward- looking statements 
are located in “Management’s Discussion and Analysi s of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. ” Forward- looking statements provide 
current expectations of future events based on cert ain assumptions and include any statement that does  not directly relate to any historical or 
current fact. Forward-looking statements can also b e identified by words such as “future,” “anticipate s,” “believes,” “estimates,” “expects,”
“intends,” “plans,” “predicts,” “will,” “would,” “c ould,” “can,” “may,” and similar terms. Forward- looking statements are not guarantees 
of future performance and the Company’s actual resu lts may differ significantly from the results discu ssed in the forward-looking statements. 
Factors that might cause such differences include, but are not limited to, those discussed in Part I, Item 1A of this Form 10-K under the heading 
“Risk Factors,” which are incorporated herein by re ference. Each of the terms the “Company” and “Apple ” as used herein refers collectively 
to Apple Inc. and its wholly-owned subsidiaries, un less otherwise stated. The Company assumes no oblig ation to revise or update any forward-
looking statements for any reason, except as requir ed by law.  
PART I  
   
Company Background  
The Company designs, manufactures, and markets mobi le communication and media devices, personal comput ers, and portable digital music 
players, and sells a variety of related software, s ervices, peripherals, networking solutions, and thi rd-party digital content and applications. The 
Company’s products and services include iPhone , iP ad , Mac , iPod , Apple TV , a portfolio of consumer and professional software 
applications, the iOS and OS X operating systems, i Cloud , and a variety of accessory, service and support off erings. The Company also sells 
and delivers digital content and applications throu gh the iTunes Store , App Store™, iBooks Store™, and Mac App Store. The C ompany sells 
its products worldwide through its retail stores, o nline stores, and direct sales force, as well as th rough third- party cellular network carriers, 
wholesalers, retailers, and value-added resellers. In addition, the Company sells a variety of third- party iPhone, iPad, Mac and iPod compatible 
products, including application software, and vario us accessories, through its online and retail store s. The Company sells to consumers; small 
and mid-sized businesses (“SMB”); and education, en terprise and government customers. The Company’s fi scal year is the 52 or 53- week period 
that ends on the last Saturday of September. Unless  otherwise stated, all information presented in thi s Form 10-K is based on the Company’ s 
fiscal calendar. The Company is a California corpor ation established in 1977.  
Business Strategy  
The Company is committed to bringing the best user experience to its customers through its innovative hardware, software and services. The 
Company’ s business strategy leverages its unique ability to  design and develop its own operating systems, hard ware, application software, and 
services to provide its customers new products and solutions with superior ease-of- use, seamless integration, and innovative design. T he 
Company believes continual investment in research a nd development, marketing and advertising is critic al to the development and sale of 
innovative products and technologies. As part of it s strategy, the Company continues to expand its pla tform for the discovery and delivery of 
third-party digital content and applications throug h the iTunes Store. As part of the iTunes Store, th e Company’ s App Store and iBooks Store 
allow customers to discover and download applicatio ns and books through either a Mac or Windows-based computer or through “iOS devices,”
namely iPhone, iPad and iPod touch . The Company’ s Mac App Store allows customers to easily discover , download and install Mac 
applications. The Company also supports a community  for the development of third- party software and hardware products and digital co ntent 
that complement the Company’s offerings. The Compan y believes a high- quality buying experience with knowledgeable salesp ersons who can 
convey the value of the Company’s products and serv ices greatly enhances its ability to attract and re tain customers. Therefore, the Company’ s 
strategy also includes enhancing and expanding its own retail and online stores and its third- party distribution network to effectively reach mor e 
customers and provide them with a high-quality sale s and post-sales support experience.  
   
1  Item 1. Business 
® ® ® ® ® 
® ® 
® 
® Table of Contents  
Business Organization  
The Company manages its business primarily on a geo graphic basis. Accordingly, the Company determined its reportable operating segments, 
which are generally based on the nature and locatio n of its customers, to be the Americas, Europe, Jap an, Greater China, Rest of Asia Pacific and 
Retail. The Americas segment includes both North an d South America. The Europe segment includes Europe an countries, as well as India, the 
Middle East and Africa. The Greater China segment i ncludes China, Hong Kong and Taiwan. The Rest of As ia Pacific segment includes 
Australia and Asian countries, other than those cou ntries included in the Company’ s other operating segments. The Retail segment oper ates 
Apple retail stores in 13 countries, including the U.S. Each operating segment provides similar hardwa re and software products and similar 
services. The results of the Company’ s geographic segments do not include results of the  Retail segment. Further information regarding the 
Company’s operating segments may be found in Part I I, Item 7 of this Form 10-K under the subheading “S egment Operating Performance,” and 
in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K in the Notes t o Consolidated Financial Statements in Note 11, “Se gment Information and Geographic Data.”  
Products  
iPhone  
iPhone is the Company’s line of smartphones that co mbines a phone, music player, and internet device i n one product, and is based on Apple’ s 
iOS Multi- Touch™ operating system. iPhone has an integrated p hoto and video camera and photo library app, and on  qualifying devices, also 
includes Siri , a voice activated intelligent assistant. iPhone wor ks with the iTunes Store, the App Store and iBooks Store for purchasing, 
organizing and playing music, movies, TV shows, pod casts, books, and apps. In addition to apps deliver ed with iOS, beginning in September 
2013, free downloads of iPhoto , iMovie and iWork apps for iOS became available with all new iPhones.  iPhone is compatible with both 
Mac and Windows personal computers and Apple’ s iCloud services which provide synchronization of mail, contacts, calendars, apps, music, 
photos, documents, and more across users’ devices. The latest versions, introduced in September 2013, are iPhone 5c and iPhone 5s.  
iPad  
iPad and iPad mini™ are the Company’s line of multi -purpose tablets based on Apple’s iOS Multi- Touch operating system. iPad has an 
integrated photo and video camera and photo library  app, and on qualifying devices, also includes Siri . iPad works with the iTunes Store, the 
iBooks Store, and the App Store for purchasing and playing music, movies, TV shows, podcasts, books, a nd apps. In addition to apps delivered 
with iOS for qualifying devices, beginning in Septe mber 2013, iPhoto, iMovie and iWork apps for iOS be came available as free downloads with 
all new iPads. iPad is compatible with both Mac and  Windows personal computers and Apple’ s iCloud services. In October 2013, the Company 
announced iPad Air™, its fifth generation iPad, and  iPad mini with Retina display.  
Mac  
Mac is the Company’ s line of desktop and portable personal computers. Macs feature Intel microprocessors, the OS X operat ing system and 
include Mail, Safari web browser, Messages, Calenda rs, Reminders, Contacts and the iLife suite of soft ware apps. The Company’ s desktop 
computers include iMac , Mac Pro and Mac mini. The Company’s portable computers include MacBook Pro an d MacBook Air . 
Beginning in October 2013, the Company’s iWork prod uctivity suite of apps for OS X became available as  free downloads with all new Macs.  
iPod  
The Company’s iPod line of portable digital music a nd media players includes iPod touch, iPod nano , i Pod shuffle and iPod classic . All 
iPods work with iTunes to purchase and synchronize content. iPod touch, based on the Company’s iOS Mul ti-Touch operating system, is a flash-
memory-based iPod with an integrated photo  
   
2  ® 
® ® ® 
® 
® 
® ® ® ® 
® ® ® Table of Contents  
and video camera and photo library app, and also in cludes Siri. iPod touch works with the iTunes Store , the App Store, and the iBooks Store for 
purchasing and playing music, movies, TV shows, pod casts, books, and apps. In addition to apps deliver ed with iOS, beginning in September 
2013, iPhoto, iMovie and iWork apps for iOS became available as free downloads for all new iPod touche s. iPod touch is compatible with both 
Mac and Windows personal computers and Apple’s iClo ud services.  
iTunes and the iTunes Store  
Apple’s iTunes app, available for both Mac and Wind ows personal computers, keeps users’ music, movies, and TV shows organized in one 
place. iTunes is integrated with the iTunes Store, the App Store and the iBooks Store. The iTunes Stor e allows users to purchase and download 
music and TV shows and to rent or purchase movies. The iTunes Store also includes hundreds of thousand s of free Podcasts on a multitude of 
subjects. The App Store allows customers to discove r and download apps and purchase in-app content. Th e iBooks Store features e- books from 
major and independent publishers. iTunes U allows users to download free lectures, videos, and  more from top universities, museums, and 
other institutions. iTunes also features Genius mix es to find songs that go together and organize them  into genre- based mixes and Home Sharing 
to allow users to stream content from one computer to another computer as well as to iOS devices and n ewer versions of the Company’ s Apple 
TV. In September 2013, Apple introduced iTunes Radi o™, a free Internet streaming service that allows u sers of iOS devices, Mac and Windows 
personal computers and Apple TV to personalize radi o stations featuring music from the iTunes Store.  
Mac App Store  
The Mac App Store allows customers to discover, dow nload and install Mac apps. The Mac App Store offer s applications in education, games, 
graphics and design, lifestyle, productivity, utili ties and other categories. The Company’ s OS X operating system software and its iLife, iWo rk 
and other application software titles are also avai lable on the Mac App Store.  
iCloud  
iCloud is the Company’s cloud service, which stores  music, photos, applications, contacts, calendars, documents and more, keeping them up-to-
date and available to multiple iOS devices and Mac and Windows personal computers. iCloud’ s features include iTunes in the Cloud; Photo 
Stream; Documents in the Cloud; Contacts; Calendar;  Mail; automatic downloads and purchase history for  content, applications and books; and 
iCloud Backup for iOS devices. Users can sign up fo r free access to iCloud using a device running qual ifying versions of iOS or OS X.  
Operating System Software  
iOS  
iOS is the Company’s Multi- Touch operating system that serves as the foundatio n for iOS devices. iOS 7 is the current version and  was released 
in September 2013. Apps delivered with iOS for qual ifying devices include Safari web browser, FaceTime  video calling, Maps with turn-by- turn 
directions, Mail, Contacts, Calendar, Clock, Weathe r, Calculator, Notes, Reminders, Stocks, Compass, a nd Messages. Devices running iOS are 
compatible with both Mac and Windows personal compu ters and Apple’s iCloud services.  
OS X  
OS X, the Company’s Mac operating system, is built on an open-source UNIX- based foundation and provides an intuitive and inte grated 
computer experience. OS X Mavericks, released in Oc tober 2013, is the tenth major release of OS X. Sup port for iCloud is built into OS X so 
users can access content and information from their  other Macs, their iOS devices and other supported devices and access downloaded content 
and apps from the  
   
3  ® Table of Contents  
iTunes Store. In addition to Mail, Safari web brows er, Messages, Calendars, Reminders, Contacts and th e iLife suite of software apps, 
Mavericks also includes a new Maps app and a new iB ooks app that both work with their iOS counterparts .  
Application Software  
iLife  
iLife for Mac is the Company’s consumer- oriented digital lifestyle software application sui te included with all Mac computers. iLife features 
iPhoto, a digital photo application for storing, vi ewing, editing and sharing photos; iMovie, a digita l video editing application; and GarageBand 
, a music creation application that allows customer s to play, record and create music. The Company als o has Multi- Touch versions of these 
iLife applications designed specifically for use on  iPhone and iPad, and beginning in September 2013, both iPhoto and iMovie for iOS became 
available as free downloads with all new iOS device s.  
iWork  
iWork for Mac is the Company’ s integrated productivity suite designed to help us ers create, present, and publish documents, present ations, and 
spreadsheets. iWork includes Pages for word process ing and page layout, Keynote for presentations, and  Numbers for spreadsheets. 
Beginning in October 2013, the iWork suite of apps for OS X will be available as free downloads with a ll new Macs. The Company also has iOS 
Multi-Touch versions of each iWork application designed s pecifically for use on iOS devices and, beginning i n September 2013, they all became 
available as free downloads with all new iOS device s.  
Other Application Software  
The Company also sells various other application so ftware, including its professional line of applicat ions, Final Cut Pro , Logic Pro X, and its 
FileMaker Pro database software.  
Displays & Peripheral Products  
The Company manufactures the Apple LED Cinema Displ ay™ and Thunderbolt Display. The Company also sells  a variety of Apple- branded 
and third-party Mac-compatible and iOS- compatible peripheral products, including printers,  storage devices, computer memory, digital video 
and still cameras, pointing devices, and various ot her computing products and supplies.  
Apple TV  
Apple TV connects to consumers’ high definition TVs and enables them to access iTun es content directly for streaming HD video, playing  
music and viewing photos. Content from Netflix, You Tube, Flickr, MLB, Hulu Plus, iTunes Radio and othe r media services is also available. 
Apple TV allows streaming iTunes content from Macs and Windows personal computers through Home Share a nd through AirPlay from 
compatible Mac and iOS devices. Compatible Mac and iOS devices can also mirror their device screens as  well as stream and play games on 
Apple TV.  
iOS and Mac Developer Programs  
The Company’ s iOS and Mac Developer Programs support app develo pers with the development, testing and distribution  of iOS and Mac apps 
through the App Store and the Mac App Store. Develo pment tools included with the Company’s Developer P rograms include Xcode , the 
Company’ s integrated development environment for creating a pps for iOS devices, including iPhone and iPad, and  Mac. Xcode includes project 
management tools; analysis tools to collect, displa y and compare app performance data; simulation tool s to locally run, test, and debug apps; 
tools to simplify the design and development of use r interfaces; and the latest software  
   
4  ® 
® 
® ® ® 
® ® 
® 
® 
® Table of Contents  
development kits for iOS and OS X. The Company’ s Developer Programs also provide access to multipl e development resources including the 
Company’s Developer Forums, extensive technical doc umentation, and sample code. The Company’ s Developer Programs also provide 
developers with access tools and information for su bmitting their apps to the App Store and the Mac Ap p Store.  
Product Support and Services  
AppleCare offers a range of support options for the  Company’ s customers. These include assistance that is built  into software products, printed 
and electronic product manuals, online support incl uding comprehensive product information as well as technical assistance, the AppleCare 
Protection Plan (“APP”) and the AppleCare+ Protecti on Plan (“AC+”). APP is a fee- based service that typically includes two to three years of 
phone support, hardware repairs and dedicated web-b ased support resources. AC+ is a fee- based service available in certain countries for iP hone 
and iPad. AC+ offers additional coverage under some  circumstances for instances of accidental damage i n addition to the services offered by 
APP.  
Markets and Distribution  
The Company’ s customers are primarily in the consumer, SMB, edu cation, enterprise and government markets. The Comp any sells its products 
and resells third- party products in most of its major markets directl y to consumers and SMBs through its retail and onli ne stores and its direct 
sales force. The Company also employs a variety of indirect distribution channels, such as third- party cellular network carriers, wholesalers, 
retailers, and value-added resellers. During 2013, the Company’ s net sales through its direct and indirect distrib ution channels accounted 
for 30% and 70%, respectively, of total net sales.  
The Company believes that sales of its innovative a nd differentiated products are enhanced by knowledg eable salespersons who can convey the 
value of the hardware and software integration, and  demonstrate the unique solutions that are availabl e on its products. The Company further 
believes providing direct contact with its targeted  customers is an effective way to demonstrate the a dvantages of its products over those of its 
competitors and providing a high-quality sales and after-sales support experience is critical to attra cting new and retaining existing customers.  
To ensure a high- quality buying experience for its products in which  service and education are emphasized, the Company continues to expand 
and improve its distribution capabilities by expand ing the number of its own retail stores worldwide. The Company’ s retail stores are typically 
located at high- traffic locations in quality shopping malls and urb an shopping districts. By operating its own stores and locating them in 
desirable high- traffic locations the Company is better positioned to ensure a high quality customer buying experience  and attract new customers. 
The stores are designed to simplify and enhance the  presentation and marketing of the Company’ s products and related solutions. The retail 
stores employ experienced and knowledgeable personn el who provide product advice, service and training  and offer a wide selection of third-
party hardware, software, and other accessories and  peripherals that complement the Company’s products .  
The Company has also invested in programs to enhanc e reseller sales by placing high quality Apple fixt ures, merchandising materials and other 
resources within selected third-party reseller loca tions. Through the Apple Premium Reseller Program, certain third- party resellers focus on the 
Apple platform by providing a high level of product  expertise, integration and support services.  
The Company is committed to delivering solutions to  help educators teach and students learn. The Compa ny believes effective integration of 
technology into classroom instruction can result in  higher levels of student achievement and has desig ned a range of products, services and 
programs to address the needs of education customer s. The Company also supports mobile learning and re al-time distribution of, and access to, 
education related materials through iTunes U , a platform that allows students and teachers to sha re and distribute educational media online. 
The Company sells its products to the education mar ket through its direct sales force, select third-pa rty resellers and its online and retail stores.  
   
5  ® 
® Table of Contents  
The Company also sells its hardware and software pr oducts to enterprise and government customers in ea ch of its geographic segments. The 
Company’ s products are deployed in these markets because of  their performance, productivity, ease of use and s eamless integration into 
information technology environments. The Company’s products are compatible with thousands of third- party business applications and services, 
and its tools enable the development and secure dep loyment of custom applications as well as remote de vice administration.  
No single customer accounted for more than 10% of n et sales in 2013, 2012 or 2011.  
Competition  
The markets for the Company’ s products and services are highly competitive and the Company is confronted by aggressive competition  in all 
areas of its business. These markets are characteri zed by frequent product introductions and rapid tec hnological advances that have substantially 
increased the capabilities and use of mobile commun ication and media devices, personal computers, and other digital electronic devices. The 
Company’ s competitors who sell mobile devices and personal computers based on other operating systems have agg ressively cut prices and 
lowered their product margins to gain or maintain m arket share. The Company’ s financial condition and operating results can be adversely 
affected by these and other industry- wide downward pressures on gross margins. Principal  competitive factors important to the Company inclu de 
price, product features, relative price/performance , product quality and reliability, design innovatio n, a strong third- party software and 
peripherals ecosystem, marketing and distribution c apability, service and support, and corporate reput ation.  
The Company is focused on expanding its market oppo rtunities related to personal computers and mobile communication and media devices. 
These markets are highly competitive and include ma ny large, well- funded and experienced participants. The Company ex pects competition in 
these markets to intensify significantly as competi tors attempt to imitate some of the features of the  Company’ s products and applications within 
their own products or, alternatively, collaborate w ith each other to offer solutions that are more com petitive than those they currently offer. 
These markets are characterized by aggressive prici ng practices, frequent product introductions, evolv ing design approaches and technologies, 
rapid adoption of technological and product advance ments by competitors, and price sensitivity on the part of consumers and businesses.  
The Company’ s digital content services have faced significant c ompetition from other companies promoting their own  digital music and content 
products and services, including those offering fre e peer-to-peer music and video services.  
The Company’s future financial condition and operat ing results depend on the Company’ s ability to continue to develop and offer new 
innovative products and services in each of the mar kets in which it competes. The Company believes it offers superior innovation and integration 
of the entire solution including the hardware (iPho ne, iPad, Mac, and iPod), software (iOS, OS X and i Tunes), online services, and distribution 
of digital content and applications (iTunes Store, App Store, iBooks Store and Mac App Store). Some of  the Company’ s current and potential 
competitors have substantial resources and may be a ble to provide such products and services at little  or no profit or even at a loss to compete 
with the Company’s offerings.  
Supply of Components  
Although most components essential to the Company’ s business are generally available from multiple so urces, a number of components are 
currently obtained from single or limited sources. In addition, the Company competes for various compo nents with other participants in the 
markets for mobile communication and media devices and personal computers. Therefore, many components used by the Company, including 
those that are available from multiple sources, are  at times subject to industry- wide shortage and significant pricing fluctuations that can 
materially adversely affect the Company’s financial  condition and operating results.  
   
6  Table of Contents  
The Company uses some custom components that are no t commonly used by its competitors, and new product s introduced by the Company 
often utilize custom components available from only  one source. When a component or product uses new t echnologies, initial capacity 
constraints may exist until the suppliers’ yields h ave matured or manufacturing capacity has increased . If the Company’ s supply of components 
for a new or existing product were delayed or const rained, or if an outsourcing partner delayed shipme nts of completed products to the 
Company, the Company’s financial condition and oper ating results could be materially adversely affecte d. The Company’ s business and 
financial performance could also be materially adve rsely affected depending on the time required to ob tain sufficient quantities from the original 
source, or to identify and obtain sufficient quanti ties from an alternative source. Continued availabi lity of these components at acceptable prices, 
or at all, may be affected if those suppliers conce ntrated on the production of common components inst ead of components customized to meet 
the Company’s requirements.  
The Company has entered into various agreements for  the supply of components; however, there can be no  guarantee that the Company will be 
able to extend or renew these agreements on similar  terms, or at all. Therefore, the Company remains s ubject to significant risks of supply 
shortages and price increases that can materially a dversely affect its financial condition and operati ng results.  
While the Company has announced plans to begin manu facturing some Macs in the United States, substanti ally all of the Company’ s hardware 
products are currently manufactured by outsourcing partners that are located primarily in Asia. A sign ificant concentration of this manufacturing 
is currently performed by a small number of outsour cing partners, often in single locations. Certain o f these outsourcing partners are the sole-
sourced suppliers of components and manufacturers f or many of the Company’ s products. Although the Company works closely with  its 
outsourcing partners on manufacturing schedules, th e Company’ s operating results could be adversely affected if its outsourcing partners were 
unable to meet their production commitments. The Co mpany’s purchase commitments typically cover its requirem ents for periods up to 150 
days.  
Research and Development  
Because the industries in which the Company compete s are characterized by rapid technological advances , the Company’ s ability to compete 
successfully depends heavily upon its ability to en sure a continual and timely flow of competitive pro ducts, services and technologies to the 
marketplace. The Company continues to develop new t echnologies to enhance existing products and to exp and the range of its product offerings 
through research and development, licensing of inte llectual property and acquisition of third- party businesses and technology. Total research and  
development expense was $4.5 billion, $3.4 billion and $2.4 billion in 2013, 2012 and 2011, respective ly.  
Patents, Trademarks, Copyrights and Licenses  
The Company currently holds rights to patents and c opyrights relating to certain aspects of its iPhone , iPad, Mac and iPod devices, peripherals, 
software and services. The Company has registered o r has applied for trademarks and service marks in t he U.S. and a number of foreign 
countries. Although the Company believes the owners hip of such patents, copyrights, trademarks and ser vice marks is an important factor in its 
business and that its success does depend in part o n the ownership thereof, the Company relies primari ly on the innovative skills, technical 
competence and marketing abilities of its personnel .  
The Company regularly files patent applications to protect innovations arising from its research, deve lopment and design, and is currently 
pursuing thousands of patent applications around th e world. Over time, the Company has accumulated a l arge portfolio of issued patents in the 
U.S. and worldwide. The Company holds copyrights re lating to certain aspects of its products and servi ces. No single patent or copyright is 
solely responsible for protecting the Company’ s products. The Company believes the duration of it s patents is adequate relative to the expected 
lives of its products.  
   
7  Table of Contents  
Many of the Company’ s products are designed to include intellectual pro perty obtained from third parties. It may be necess ary in the future to 
seek or renew licenses relating to various aspects of its products, processes and services. While the Company has generally been able to obtain 
such licenses on commercially reasonable terms in t he past, there is no guarantee that such licenses c ould be obtained in the future on reasonable 
terms or at all. Because of technological changes i n the industries in which the Company competes, cur rent extensive patent coverage, and the 
rapid rate of issuance of new patents, it is possib le that certain components of the Company’ s products, processes and services may unknowingly 
infringe existing patents or intellectual property rights of others. From time to time, the Company ha s been notified that it may be infringing 
certain patents or other intellectual property righ ts of third parties.  
Foreign and Domestic Operations and Geographic Data   
During 2013, the Company’ s domestic and international net sales accounted fo r 39% and 61%, respectively, of total net sales. In formation 
regarding financial data by geographic segment is s et forth in Part II, Item 7 of this Form 10-K under  the subheading “ Segment Operating 
Performance,” and in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 1 0-K in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statemen ts in Note 11, “ Segment Information and 
Geographic Data.”  
While substantially all of the Company’ s hardware products are currently manufactured by o utsourcing partners that are located primarily in 
Asia, the Company also performs final assembly of c ertain products at its manufacturing facility in Ir eland. The supply and manufacture of a 
number of components is performed by sole-sourced o utsourcing partners in the U.S., Asia and Europe. M argins on sales of the Company’ s 
products in foreign countries, and on sales of prod ucts that include components obtained from foreign suppliers, can be adversely affected by 
foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations and by international trade regulations, including tariffs and antidumping penalties. Information 
regarding concentration in the available sources of  supply of materials and products is set forth in P art II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K in the Notes 
to Consolidated Financial Statements in Note 10, “C ommitments and Contingencies.”  
Business Seasonality and Product Introductions  
The Company has historically experienced higher net  sales in its first quarter compared to other quart ers in its fiscal year due in part to seasonal 
holiday demand. Additionally, new product introduct ions can significantly impact net sales, product co sts and operating expenses. Product 
introductions can also impact the Company’ s net sales to its indirect distribution channels a s these channels are filled with new product invent ory 
following a product introduction, and often, channe l inventory of a particular product declines as the  next related major product launch 
approaches. Net sales can also be affected when con sumers and distributors anticipate a product introd uction. However, neither historical 
seasonal patterns nor historical patterns of produc t introductions should be considered reliable indic ators of the Company’ s future pattern of 
product introductions, future net sales or financia l performance.  
Warranty  
The Company offers a limited parts and labor warran ty on most of its hardware products. The basic warr anty period is typically one year from 
the date of purchase by the original end-user. The Company also offers a 90-day basic warranty for its  service parts used to repair the Company’ s 
hardware products. In addition, where available, co nsumers may purchase APP or AC+, which extends serv ice coverage on many of the 
Company’s hardware products.  
Backlog  
In the Company’ s experience, the actual amount of product backlog at any particular time is not a meaningful indicati on of its future business 
prospects. In particular, backlog often increases i n anticipation of or immediately following new prod uct introductions as customers anticipate 
shortages. Backlog is often reduced once customers believe they can obtain sufficient supply. Because of the foregoing, backlog should not be 
considered a reliable indicator of the Company’s ab ility to achieve any particular level of revenue or  financial performance.  
   
8  Table of Contents  
Employees  
As of September 28, 2013, the Company had approxima tely 80,300 full-time equivalent employees and an a dditional 4,100 full- time equivalent 
temporary employees and contractors. Approximately 42,800 of the total full-time equivalent employees worked in the Company’ s Retail 
segment.  
Available Information  
The Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly  Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8- K, and amendments to reports filed 
pursuant to Sections 13(a) and 15(d) of the Securit ies Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange  Act”), are filed with the Securities 
Exchange Commission (the “SEC”). The Company is subject to the informational require ments of the Exchange Act and files or furnishes 
reports, proxy statements, and other information wi th the SEC. Such reports and other information file d by the Company with the SEC are 
available free of charge on the Company’s website a t investor.apple.com/sec.cfm when such reports are available on the SEC’ s website. The 
public may read and copy any materials filed by the  Company with the SEC at the SEC’ s Public Reference Room at 100 F Street, NE, Room 
1580, Washington, DC 20549. The public may obtain i nformation on the operation of the Public Reference  Room by calling the SEC at 1-800-
SEC-0330. The SEC maintains an Internet site that conta ins reports, proxy and information statements and o ther information regarding issuers 
that file electronically with the SEC at www.sec.go v . The contents of these websites are not incorporat ed into this filing. Further, the 
Company’s references to the URLs for these websites  are intended to be inactive textual references onl y.  
   
The following discussion of risk factors contains f orward-looking statements. These risk factors may be impor tant to understanding any 
statement in this Form 10-K or elsewhere. The follo wing information should be read in conjunction with  Part II, Item 7, “Management’ s 
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” and the consolidated financial statements and relat ed notes in Part II, 
Item 8, “Financial Statements and Supplementary Dat a” of this Form 10-K.  
Because of the following factors, as well as other factors affecting the Company’ s financial condition and operating results, past f inancial 
performance should not be considered to be a reliab le indicator of future performance, and investors s hould not use historical trends to anticipate 
results or trends in future periods.  
Global and regional economic conditions could mater ially adversely affect the Company.  
The Company’ s operations and performance depend significantly o n global and regional economic conditions. Uncertai nty about global and 
regional economic conditions poses a risk as consum ers and businesses postpone spending in response to  tighter credit, higher unemployment, 
financial market volatility, government austerity p rograms, negative financial news, declines in incom e or asset values and/or other factors. 
These worldwide and regional economic conditions co uld have a material adverse effect on demand for th e Company’ s products and services. 
Demand also could differ materially from the Compan y’s expectations because the Company generally raises  prices on goods and services sold 
outside the U.S. to correspond with the effect of a  strengthening of the U.S. dollar. Other factors th at could influence worldwide or regional 
demand include increases in fuel and other energy c osts, conditions in the real estate and mortgage ma rkets, unemployment, labor and healthcare 
costs, access to credit, consumer confidence, and o ther macroeconomic factors affecting consumer spend ing behavior. These and other economic 
factors could materially adversely affect demand fo r the Company’s products and services.  
In the event of further financial turmoil affecting  the banking system and financial markets, addition al consolidation of the financial services 
industry, or significant financial service institut ion failures, there could be a new or incremental t ightening in the credit markets, low liquidity, 
and extreme volatility in fixed income, credit, cur rency, and equity markets. This could have a number  of effects on the Company’ s business, 
including the insolvency or financial instability o f outsourcing partners or suppliers or their inabil ity to obtain credit to  
   
9  Item 1A. Risk Factors Table of Contents  
finance development and/or manufacture products res ulting in product delays; inability of customers, i ncluding channel partners, to obtain credit 
to finance purchases of the Company’ s products; failure of derivative counterparties an d other financial institutions; and restricting the  
Company’ s ability to issue new debt. Other income and expen se also could vary materially from expectations dep ending on gains or 
losses realized on the sale or exchange of financia l instruments; impairment charges resulting from re valuations of debt and equity securities and 
other investments; interest rates; cash balances; v olatility in foreign exchange rates; and changes in  fair value of derivative 
instruments. Increased volatility in the financial markets and overall economic uncertainty would incr ease the risk of the actual amounts realized 
in the future on the Company’s financial instrument s differing significantly from the fair values curr ently assigned to them.  
Global markets for the Company’ s products and services are highly competitive and subject to rapid technological change, and the Comp any 
may be unable to compete effectively in these marke ts.  
The Company’ s products and services compete in highly competiti ve global markets characterized by aggressive price  cutting and resulting 
downward pressure on gross margins, frequent introd uction of new products, short product life cycles, evolving industry standards, continual 
improvement in product price/performance characteri stics, rapid adoption of technological and product advancements by competitors, and price 
sensitivity on the part of consumers.  
The Company’ s ability to compete successfully depends heavily o n its ability to ensure a continuing and timely int roduction of innovative new 
products and technologies to the marketplace. The C ompany believes it is unique in that it designs and  develops nearly the entire solution for its 
products, including the hardware, operating system,  numerous software applications, and related servic es. As a result, the Company must make 
significant investments in research and development . The Company currently holds a significant number of patents and copyrights and has 
registered and/or has applied to register numerous patents, trademarks and service marks. In contrast,  many of the Company’ s competitors seek 
to compete primarily through aggressive pricing and  very low cost structures, and emulating the Compan y’s products and infringing 
on its intellectual property. If the Company is una ble to continue to develop and sell innovative new products with attractive margins or if 
competitors infringe on the Company’s intellectual property, the Company’ s ability to maintain a competitive advantage could  be adversely 
affected.  
The Company markets certain mobile communication an d media devices based on the iOS mobile operating s ystem and also markets related 
third-party digital content and applications. The Company  faces substantial competition in these markets fro m companies that have significant 
technical, marketing, distribution and other resour ces, as well as established hardware, software and digital content supplier relationships; and 
the Company has a minority market share in the smar tphone market. Additionally, the Company faces sign ificant price competition as 
competitors reduce their selling prices and attempt  to imitate the Company’ s product features and applications within their ow n products or, 
alternatively, collaborate with each other to offer  solutions that are more competitive than those the y currently offer. The Company also 
competes with illegitimate ways to obtain third-par ty digital content and applications. Some of the Co mpany’s competitors have greater 
experience, product breadth and distribution channe ls than the Company. Because some current and poten tial competitors have substantial 
resources and/or experience and a lower cost struct ure, they may be able to provide products and servi ces at little or no profit or even at a loss. 
The Company also expects competition to intensify a s competitors attempt to imitate the Company’ s approach to providing components 
seamlessly within their individual offerings or wor k collaboratively to offer integrated solutions. Th e Company’ s financial condition and 
operating results depend substantially on the Compa ny’s ability to continually improve iOS and iOS device s in order to maintain their functional 
and design advantages.  
The Company is the only authorized maker of hardwar e using OS X, which has a minority market share in the personal computer market. This 
market is dominated by computer makers using compet ing operating systems, most notably Windows. In the  market for personal computers and 
peripherals, the Company faces a significant number  of competitors, many of which have broader product  lines, lower priced products, and a 
larger installed  
   
10  Table of Contents  
customer base. Historically, consolidation in this market has resulted in larger competitors. Price co mpetition has been particularly intense as 
competitors selling Windows- based personal computers have aggressively cut pric es and lowered product margins. An increasing numbe r of 
Internet-enabled devices that include software applications and are smaller and simpler than traditional person al computers compete for market 
share with the Company’s existing products. The Com pany’s financial condition and operating results also de pend on its ability to continually 
improve the Mac platform to maintain its functional  and design advantages.  
There can be no assurance the Company will be able to continue to provide products and services that c ompete effectively.  
To remain competitive and stimulate customer demand , the Company must successfully manage frequent pro duct introductions and transitions.  
Due to the highly volatile and competitive nature o f the industries in which the Company competes, the  Company must continually introduce 
new products, services and technologies, enhance ex isting products and services, and effectively stimu late customer demand for new and 
upgraded products. The success of new product intro ductions depends on a number of factors including, but not limited to, timely and successful 
product development, market acceptance, the Company ’s ability to manage the risks associated with new product production ramp- up issues, the 
availability of application software for new produc ts, the effective management of purchase commitment s and inventory levels in line with 
anticipated product demand, the availability of pro ducts in appropriate quantities and costs to meet a nticipated demand, and the risk that new 
products may have quality or other defects or defic iencies in the early stages of introduction. Accord ingly, the Company cannot determine in 
advance the ultimate effect of new product introduc tions and transitions.  
The Company depends on the performance of distribut ors, carriers and other resellers.  
The Company distributes its products through cellul ar network carriers, wholesalers, national and regi onal retailers, and value- added resellers, 
many of whom distribute products from competing man ufacturers. The Company also sells its products and  third-party products in most of its 
major markets directly to education, enterprise and  government customers, and consumers and small and mid-sized businesses through its online 
and retail stores.  
Carriers providing cellular network service for iPh one typically subsidize users’ purchases of the device. There is no assurance that  such 
subsidies will be continued at all or in the same a mounts upon renewal of the Company’ s agreements with these carriers or in agreements t he 
Company enters into with new carriers.  
Many resellers have narrow operating margins and have been adversely affected in the pas t by weak economic conditions. Some resellers have 
perceived the expansion of the Company’s direct sal es as conflicting with their business interests as distributors and resellers of the Company’ s 
products. Such a perception could discourage resell ers from investing resources in the distribution an d sale of the Company’ s products or lead 
them to limit or cease distribution of those produc ts. The Company has invested and will continue to i nvest in programs to enhance reseller sales, 
including staffing selected resellers’ stores with Company employees and contractors and i mproving product placement displays. These 
programs could require a substantial investment whi le providing no assurance of return or incremental revenue. The financial condition of these 
resellers could weaken, these resellers could stop distributing the Company’s products, or uncertainty  regarding demand for the Company’ s 
products could cause resellers to reduce their orde ring and marketing of the Company’s products.  
The Company faces substantial inventory and other a sset risk in addition to purchase commitment cancel lation risk.  
The Company records a write- down for product and component inventories that hav e become obsolete or exceed anticipated demand or n et 
realizable value and accrues necessary cancellation  fee reserves for orders of excess products and com ponents. The Company also reviews its 
long-lived assets, including capital assets held at  its suppliers’ facilities and inventory prepayments, for impairmen t whenever events or 
circumstances indicate the  
   
11  Table of Contents  
carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable.  If the Company determines that impairment has occu rred, it records a write- down equal to 
the amount by which the carrying value of the asset s exceeds its fair value. Although the Company beli eves its provisions related to inventory, 
capital assets, inventory prepayments and other ass ets and purchase commitments are currently adequate , no assurance can be given that the 
Company will not incur additional related charges g iven the rapid and unpredictable pace of product ob solescence in the industries in which the 
Company competes.  
The Company must order components for its products and build inventory in advance of product announcem ents and shipments. Consistent with 
industry practice, components are normally acquired  through a combination of purchase orders, supplier  contracts, and open orders, in each case 
based on projected demand. Where appropriate, the p urchases are applied to inventory component prepaym ents that are outstanding with 
the respective supplier. Purchase commitments typic ally cover forecasted component and manufacturing r equirements for periods up to 150 
days. Because the Company’ s markets are volatile, competitive and subject to rapid technology and price changes, there is a risk  the Company 
will forecast incorrectly and order or produce exce ss or insufficient amounts of components or product s, or not fully utilize firm purchase 
commitments.  
Future operating results depend upon the Company ’s ability to obtain components in sufficient quant ities.  
Because the Company currently obtains components fr om single or limited sources, the Company is subjec t to significant supply and pricing 
risks. Many components, including those that are av ailable from multiple sources, are at times subject  to industry- wide shortages and significant 
commodity pricing fluctuations. While the Company h as entered into various agreements for the supply o f components, there can be no 
assurance that the Company will be able to extend o r renew these agreements on similar terms, or at al l. The follow- on effects from global 
economic conditions on the Company’s suppliers, des cribed in “ Global economic conditions could materially adverse ly affect the Company”
above, also could affect the Company’s ability to o btain components . Therefore, the Company remains subject to significa nt risks of supply 
shortages and price increases.  
The Company and other participants in the markets f or mobile communication and media devices and perso nal computers also compete for 
various components with other industries that have experienced increased demand for their products. Th e Company uses some custom 
components that are not common to the rest of these  industries. The Company’ s new products often utilize custom components avai lable from 
only one source. When a component or product uses n ew technologies, initial capacity constraints may e xist until the suppliers’ yields have 
matured or manufacturing capacity has increased. Co ntinued availability of these components at accepta ble prices, or at all, may be affected if 
those suppliers decided to concentrate on the produ ction of common components instead of components cu stomized to meet the Company’ s 
requirements. The supply of components for a new or  existing product could be delayed or constrained, or a key manufacturing vendor could 
delay shipments of completed products to the Compan y.  
The Company depends on component and product manufa cturing and logistical services provided by outsour cing partners, many of whom are 
located outside of the U.S.  
Substantially all of the Company’ s manufacturing is performed in whole or in part by  a few outsourcing partners located primarily in As ia. The 
Company has also outsourced much of its transportat ion and logistics management. While these arrangeme nts may lower operating costs, they 
also reduce the Company’ s direct control over production and distribution. It is uncertain what effect such diminished control  will have on the 
quality or quantity of products or services, or the  Company’ s flexibility to respond to changing conditions. Al though arrangements with these 
partners may contain provisions for warranty expens e reimbursement, the Company may remain responsible  to the consumer for warranty 
service in the event of product defects and could e xperience an unanticipated product defect or warran ty liability. While the Company relies on 
its partners to adhere to its supplier code of cond uct, material violations of the supplier code of co nduct could occur.  
The Company relies on sole- sourced outsourcing partners in the U.S., Asia and Europe to supply and manufacture many critical comp onents, 
and on outsourcing partners in Asia for final assem bly of substantially all  
   
12  Table of Contents  
of the Company’s hardware products. Any failure of these partners to perform may have a negative impac t on the Company’ s cost or supply of 
components or finished goods. In addition, manufact uring or logistics in these locations or transit to  final destinations may be disrupted for a 
variety of reasons including, but not limited to, n atural and man- made disasters, information technology system failu res, commercial disputes, 
military actions or economic, business, labor, envi ronmental, public health, or political issues.  
The Company has invested in manufacturing process e quipment, much of which is held at certain of its o utsourcing partners, and has made 
prepayments to certain of its suppliers associated with long- term supply agreements. While these arrangements he lp ensure the supply of 
components and finished goods, if these outsourcing  partners or suppliers experience severe financial problems or other disruptions in their 
business, the net realizable value of these assets could be negatively impacted.  
The Company’ s products and services may experience quality prob lems from time to time that can result in decreased  sales and operating 
margin and harm to the Company’s reputation.  
The Company sells complex hardware and software pro ducts and services that can contain design and manu facturing defects. Sophisticated 
operating system software and applications, such as  those sold by the Company, often contain “bugs” that can unexpectedly interfere with the 
software’s intended operation. The Company’ s online services may from time to time experience outages, service slowdowns, or errors. Defects 
may also occur in components and products the Compa ny purchases from third parties. There can be no as surance the Company will be able to 
detect and fix all defects in the hardware, softwar e and services it sells. Failure to do so could res ult in lost revenue, significant warranty and 
other expenses, and harm to the Company’s reputatio n.  
The Company relies on access to third- party digital content, which may not be available t o the Company on commercially reasonable terms or 
at all.  
The Company contracts with numerous third parties t o offer their digital content through the iTunes St ore. This includes the right to make 
available music, movies, TV shows and books current ly available through the iTunes Store. The licensin g arrangements with these third parties 
are short-term and do not guarantee the continuatio n or renewal of these arrangements on reasonable te rms, if at all. Some third- party content 
providers and distributors currently or in the futu re may offer competing products and services, and c ould take action to make it more difficult or 
impossible for the Company to license their content  in the future. Other content owners, providers or distributors may seek to limit the 
Company’ s access to, or increase the cost of, such content.  The Company may be unable to continue to offer a w ide variety of content at 
reasonable prices with acceptable usage rules, or c ontinue to expand its geographic reach. Failure to obtain the right to make available third- party 
digital content, or to make available such content on commercially reasonable terms, could have a mate rial adverse impact on the Company’ s 
financial condition and operating results.  
Some third- party digital content providers require the Company  to provide digital rights management and other sec urity solutions. If 
requirements change, the Company may have to develo p or license new technology to provide these soluti ons. There is no assurance the 
Company will be able to develop or license such sol utions at a reasonable cost and in a timely manner.  In addition, certain countries have passed 
or may propose and adopt legislation that would for ce the Company to license its digital rights manage ment, which could lessen the protection of 
content and subject it to piracy and also could neg atively affect arrangements with the Company’s cont ent providers.  
The Company’s future performance depends in part on  support from third-party software developers.  
The Company believes decisions by customers to purc hase its hardware products depend in part on the av ailability of third-party software 
applications and services. There is no assurance th at third-party developers will continue to develop and maint ain software applications and 
services for the Company’s products. If third-party  software applications and services cease to be dev eloped and maintained for the Company’ s 
products, customers may choose not to buy the Compa ny’s products.  
   
13  Table of Contents  
With respect to its Mac products, the Company belie ves the availability of third-party software applications and services depends in part on the 
developers’ perception and analysis of the relative  benefits of developing, maintaining, and upgrading  such software for the Company’ s products 
compared to Windows- based products. This analysis may be based on facto rs such as the market position of the Company and i ts products, the 
anticipated revenue that may be generated, continue d growth of Mac sales, and the costs of developing such applications and services. If the 
Company’s minority share of the global personal com puter market causes developers to question the Comp any’s prospects, developers could be 
less inclined to develop or upgrade software for th e Company’ s products and more inclined to devote their resour ces to developing and 
upgrading software for the larger Windows market.  
With respect to iOS devices, the Company relies on the continued availability and development of compe lling and innovative software 
applications, which are distributed through a singl e distribution channel, the App Store. The absence of multiple distribution channels, which are 
available for competing platforms, may limit the av ailability and acceptance of third-party applicatio ns by the Company’ s customers, thereby 
causing developers to reduce or curtail development  for the iOS platform. In addition, iOS devices are  subject to rapid technological change, 
and, if third-party developers are unable to or cho ose not to keep up with this pace of change, third- party applications might not successfully 
operate and may result in dissatisfied customers. A s with applications for the Company’ s Mac products, the availability and development of  
these applications also depend on developers’ perce ptions and analysis of the relative benefits of dev eloping software for the Company’ s 
products rather than its competitors’ platforms, such as Android. If developers focus the ir efforts on these competing platforms, the availa bility 
and quality of applications for the Company’s iOS d evices may suffer.  
The Company relies on access to third- party intellectual property, which may not be avail able to the Company on commercially reasonable 
terms or at all.  
Many of the Company’s products include third- party intellectual property, which requires license s from those third parties. Based on past 
experience and industry practice, the Company belie ves such licenses generally can be obtained on reas onable terms. There is, however, no 
assurance that the necessary licenses can be obtain ed on acceptable terms or at all. Failure to obtain  the right to use third- party intellectual 
property, or to use such intellectual property on c ommercially reasonable terms, could preclude the Co mpany from selling certain products or 
otherwise have a material adverse impact on the Com pany’s financial condition and operating results.  
The Company could be impacted by unfavorable result s of legal proceedings, such as being found to have  infringed on intellectual property 
rights.  
The Company is subject to various legal proceedings  and claims that have not yet been fully resolved a nd that have arisen in the ordinary course 
of business, and additional claims may arise in the  future.  
For example, technology companies, including many o f the Company’ s competitors, frequently enter into litigation bas ed on allegations of 
patent infringement or other violations of intellec tual property rights. In addition, patent holding c ompanies seek to monetize patents they have 
purchased or otherwise obtained. As the Company has  grown, the intellectual property rights claims aga inst it have increased and may continue 
to increase. In particular, the Company’ s cellular enabled products compete with mobile com munication and media device companies that hold 
significant patent portfolios, and the number of pa tent claims against the Company has significantly i ncreased. The Company is vigorously 
defending infringement actions in courts in a numbe r of U.S. jurisdictions and before the U.S. Interna tional Trade Commission, as well as 
internationally in Europe and Asia. The plaintiffs in these actions frequently seek injunctions and su bstantial damages.  
Regardless of the scope or validity of such patents  or other intellectual property rights, or the meri ts of any claims by potential or actual litigants, 
the Company may have to engage in protracted litiga tion. If the Company is found to infringe one or mo re patents or other intellectual property 
rights, regardless of whether it can develop non-in fringing technology, it may be required to pay subs tantial damages or royalties to a third- party, 
or it may be subject to a temporary or permanent in junction prohibiting the Company from marketing or selling certain products.  
   
14  Table of Contents  
In certain cases, the Company may consider the desi rability of entering into licensing agreements, alt hough no assurance can be given that such 
licenses can be obtained on acceptable terms or tha t litigation will not occur. These licenses may als o significantly increase the Company’ s 
operating expenses.  
Regardless of the merit of particular claims, litig ation may be expensive, time-consuming, disruptive to the Company’ s operations, and 
distracting to management. In recognition of these considerations, the Company may enter into arrangem ents to settle litigation.  
In management’ s opinion, there is not at least a reasonable possi bility the Company may have incurred a material los s, or a material loss in 
excess of a recorded accrual, with respect to loss contingencies, including matters related to infring ement of intellectual property rights. 
However, the outcome of litigation is inherently un certain.  
Although management considers the likelihood of suc h an outcome to be remote, if one or more legal mat ters were resolved against the 
Company in a reporting period for amounts in excess  of management’s expectations, the Company’ s consolidated financial statements for that 
reporting period could be materially adversely affe cted. Further, such an outcome could result in sign ificant compensatory, punitive or trebled 
monetary damages, disgorgement of revenue or profit s, remedial corporate measures or injunctive relief  against the Company that could 
materially adversely affect its financial condition  and operating results.  
The Company is subject to laws and regulations worl dwide, changes to which could increase the Company’ s costs and individually or in the 
aggregate adversely affect the Company’s business.  
The Company is subject to laws and regulations affe cting its domestic and international operations in a number of areas. These U.S. and foreign 
laws and regulations affect the Company’ s activities including, but not limited to, areas o f labor, advertising, digital content, consumer 
protection, real estate, billing, e- commerce, promotions, quality of services, telecomm unications, mobile communications and media, televi sion, 
intellectual property ownership and infringement, t ax, import and export requirements, anti- corruption, foreign exchange controls and cash 
repatriation restrictions, data privacy requirement s, anti-competition, environmental, health, and saf ety.  
By way of example, laws and regulations related to mobile communications and media devices in the many  jurisdictions in which the Company 
operates are extensive and subject to change. Such changes could include, among others, restrictions o n the production, manufacture, 
distribution, and use of devices, locking devices t o a carrier’s network, or mandating the use of devi ces on more than one carrier’ s network. 
These devices are also subject to certification and  regulation by governmental and standardization bod ies, as well as by cellular network carriers 
for use on their networks. These certification proc esses are extensive and time consuming, and could r esult in additional testing requirements, 
product modifications, delays in product shipment d ates, or preclude the Company from selling certain products.  
Compliance with these laws, regulations and similar  requirements may be onerous and expensive, and the y may be inconsistent from jurisdiction 
to jurisdiction, further increasing the cost of com pliance and doing business. Any such costs, which m ay rise in the future as a result of changes 
in these laws and regulations or in their interpret ation could individually or in the aggregate make t he Company’ s products and services less 
attractive to the Company’ s customers, delay the introduction of new products  in one or more regions, or cause the Company to ch ange or limit 
its business practices. The Company has implemented  policies and procedures designed to ensure complia nce with applicable laws and 
regulations, but there can be no assurance that the  Company’ s employees, contractors, or agents will not violat e such laws and regulations or the 
Company’s policies and procedures.  
The Company’s business is subject to the risks of i nternational operations.  
The Company derives a significant portion of its re venue and earnings from its international operation s. Compliance with applicable U.S. and 
foreign laws and regulations, such as import and ex port requirements, anti- corruption laws, tax laws, foreign exchange control s and cash 
repatriation restrictions, data privacy requirement s,  
   
15  Table of Contents  
environmental laws, labor laws, and anti- competition regulations, increases the costs of doi ng business in foreign jurisdictions. Although the 
Company has implemented policies and procedures to comply with these laws and regulations, a violation  by the Company’ s employees, 
contractors, or agents could nevertheless occur.  
The Company also could be significantly affected by  other risks associated with international activiti es including, but not limited to, economic 
and labor conditions, increased duties, taxes and o ther costs, and political instability. Margins on s ales of the Company’ s products in foreign 
countries, and on sales of products that include co mponents obtained from foreign suppliers, could be materially adversely affected by 
international trade regulations, including duties, tariffs and antidumping penalties. The Company is a lso exposed to credit and collectability risk 
on its trade receivables with customers in certain international markets. There can be no assurance th e Company can effectively limit its credit 
risk and avoid losses.  
The Company’ s Retail segment has required and will continue to require a substantial investment and commitment of resources and is subject to 
numerous risks and uncertainties.  
The Company’ s retail stores have required substantial investmen t in equipment and leasehold improvements, informat ion systems, inventory and 
personnel. The Company also has entered into substa ntial operating lease commitments for retail space.  Certain stores have been designed and 
built to serve as high- profile venues to promote brand awareness and serve  as vehicles for corporate sales and marketing acti vities. Because of 
their unique design elements, locations and size, t hese stores require substantially more investment t han the Company’ s more typical retail 
stores. Due to the high cost structure associated w ith the Retail segment, a decline in sales or the c losure or poor performance of individual or 
multiple stores could result in significant lease t ermination costs, write-offs of equipment and lease hold improvements, and severance costs.  
Many factors unique to retail operations, some of w hich are beyond the Company’ s control, pose risks and uncertainties. These risk s and 
uncertainties include, but are not limited to, macr o-economic factors that could have an adverse effect on general retail activity, as well as the 
Company’s inability to manage costs associated with  store construction and operation, the Company’ s failure to manage relationships with its 
existing retail channel partners, more challenging environments in managing retail operations outside the U.S., costs associated with 
unanticipated fluctuations in the value of retail i nventory, and the Company’ s inability to obtain and renew leases in quality r etail locations at a 
reasonable cost.  
Investment in new business strategies and acquisiti ons could disrupt the Company ’s ongoing business and present risks not originally  
contemplated.  
The Company has invested, and in the future may inv est, in new business strategies or acquisitions. Su ch endeavors may involve significant risks 
and uncertainties, including distraction of managem ent from current operations, greater than expected liabilities and expenses, inadequate return 
of capital, and unidentified issues not discovered in the Company’ s due diligence. These new ventures are inherently risky and may not be 
successful.  
The Company’s business and reputation may be impact ed by information technology system failures or net work disruptions.  
The Company may be subject to information technolog y system failures and network disruptions. These ma y be caused by natural disasters, 
accidents, power disruptions, telecommunications fa ilures, acts of terrorism or war, computer viruses,  physical or electronic break- ins, or other 
events or disruptions. System redundancy may be ine ffective or inadequate, and the Company’ s disaster recovery planning may not be sufficient 
for all eventualities. Such failures or disruptions  could prevent access to the Company’ s online stores and services, preclude retail store  
transactions, compromise Company or customer data, and result in delayed or cancelled orders. System f ailures and disruptions could also 
impede the manufacturing and shipping of products, delivery of online services, transactions processin g and financial reporting.  
   
16  Table of Contents  
There may be breaches of the Company’ s information technology systems that materially da mage business partner and customer relationships, 
curtail or otherwise adversely impact access to onl ine stores and services, or subject the Company to significant reputational, financial, legal, 
and operational consequences.  
The Company’s business requires it to use and store  customer, employee, and business partner personall y identifiable information (“PII”). This 
may include, among other information, names, addres ses, phone numbers, email addresses, contact prefer ences, tax identification numbers, and 
payment account information. Although malicious att acks to gain access to PII affect many companies ac ross various industries, the Company is 
at a relatively greater risk of being targeted beca use of its high profile and the amount of PII it ma nages.  
The Company requires user names and passwords in or der to access its information technology systems. T he Company also uses encryption and 
authentication technologies to secure the transmiss ion and storage of data and prevent access to Compa ny data or accounts. As with all 
companies, these security measures are subject to t hird-party security breaches, employee error, malfeasanc e, faulty password management, or 
other irregularities. For example, third parties ma y attempt to fraudulently induce employees or custo mers into disclosing user names, passwords 
or other sensitive information, which may in turn b e used to access the Company’ s information technology systems. To help protect c ustomers 
and the Company, the Company monitors accounts and systems for unusual activity and may freeze account s under suspicious circumstances, 
which may result in the delay or loss of customer o rders.  
The Company devotes significant resources to networ k security, data encryption, and other security mea sures to protect its systems and data, but 
these security measures cannot provide absolute sec urity. To the extent the Company was to experience a breach of its systems and was unable 
to protect sensitive data, such a breach could mate rially damage business partner and customer relatio nships, and curtail or otherwise adversely 
impact access to online stores and services. Moreov er, if a computer security breach affects the Compa ny’s systems or results in the 
unauthorized release of PII, the Company’s reputati on and brand could be materially damaged, use of th e Company’ s products and services 
could decrease, and the Company could be exposed to  a risk of loss or litigation and possible liabilit y.  
The Company’s business is subject to a variety of U .S. and international laws, rules, policies and oth er obligations regarding data protection.  
The Company is subject to federal, state and intern ational laws relating to the collection, use, reten tion, security and transfer of PII. In many 
cases, these laws apply not only to third- party transactions, but also to transfers of inform ation between the Company and its subsidiaries, and  
among the Company, its subsidiaries and other parti es with which the Company has commercial relations.  Several jurisdictions have passed laws 
in this area, and other jurisdictions are consideri ng imposing additional restrictions. These laws con tinue to develop and may be inconsistent 
from jurisdiction to jurisdiction. Complying with e merging and changing international requirements may  cause the Company to incur substantial 
costs or require the Company to change its business  practices. Noncompliance could result in penalties  or significant legal liability.  
The Company’ s privacy policy and related practices concerning t he use and disclosure of data are posted on its web site. Any failure by the 
Company, its suppliers or other parties with whom t he Company does business to comply with its posted privacy policy or with other federal, 
state or international privacy- related or data protection laws and regulations cou ld result in proceedings against the Company by gov ernmental 
entities or others.  
The Company is also subject to payment card associa tion rules and obligations under its contracts with  payment card processors. Under these 
rules and obligations, if information is compromise d, the Company could be liable to payment card issu ers for associated expenses and penalties. 
In addition, if the Company fails to follow payment  card industry security standards, even if no custo mer information is compromised, the 
Company could incur significant fines or experience  a significant increase in payment card transaction  costs.  
   
17  Table of Contents  
The Company’s success depends largely on the contin ued service and availability of key personnel.  
Much of the Company’ s future success depends on the continued availabil ity and service of key personnel, including its Chi ef Executive Officer, 
executive team and other highly skilled employees. Experienced personnel in the technology industry ar e in high demand and competition for 
their talents is intense, especially in Silicon Val ley, where most of the Company’s key personnel are located.  
The Company’s business may be impacted by political  events, war, terrorism, public health issues, natu ral disasters and other circumstances.  
War, terrorism, geopolitical uncertainties, public health issues, and other business interruptions hav e caused and could cause damage or 
disruption to international commerce and the global  economy, and thus could have a material adverse ef fect on the Company, its suppliers, 
logistics providers, manufacturing vendors and cust omers, including channel partners. The Company’ s business operations are subject to 
interruption by, among others, natural disasters, f ire, power shortages, nuclear power plant accidents , terrorist attacks and other hostile acts, labor 
disputes, public health issues, and other events be yond its control. Such events could decrease demand  for the Company’ s products, make it 
difficult or impossible for the Company to make and  deliver products to its customers, including chann el partners, or to receive components 
from its suppliers, and create delays and inefficie ncies in the Company’ s supply chain. Should major public health issues, including pandemics, 
arise, the Company could be adversely affected by m ore stringent employee travel restrictions, additio nal limitations in freight services, 
governmental actions limiting the movement of produ cts between regions, delays in production ramps of new products, and disruptions in the 
operations of the Company’s manufacturing vendors a nd component suppliers. The majority of the Company ’s research and development 
activities, its corporate headquarters, information  technology systems, and other critical business op erations, including certain component 
suppliers and manufacturing vendors, are in locatio ns that could be affected by natural disasters. In the event of a natural disaster, the Company 
could incur significant losses, require substantial  recovery time and experience significant expenditu res in order to resume operations.  
The Company expects its quarterly revenue and opera ting results to fluctuate.  
The Company’s profit margins vary across its produc ts and distribution channels. The Company’ s software, accessories, and service and support 
contracts generally have higher gross margins than certain of the Company’s other products. Gross marg ins on the Company’ s hardware 
products vary across product lines and can change o ver time as a result of product transitions, pricin g and configuration changes, and 
component, warranty, and other cost fluctuations. T he Company’ s direct sales generally have higher associated gro ss margins than its indirect 
sales through its channel partners. In addition, th e Company’ s gross margin and operating margin percentages, as  well as overall profitability, 
may be materially adversely impacted as a result of  a shift in product, geographic or channel mix, com ponent cost increases, the strengthening 
U.S. dollar, price competition, or the introduction  of new products, including those that have higher cost structures with flat or reduced pricing.  
The Company has typically experienced higher net sa les in its first quarter compared to other quarters  due in part to seasonal holiday demand. 
Additionally, new product introductions can signifi cantly impact net sales, product costs and operatin g expenses. The Company could be subject 
to unexpected developments late in a quarter, such as lower-than-anticipated demand for the Company’ s products, issues with new product 
introductions, an internal systems failure, or fail ure of one of the Company’s logistics, components s upply, or manufacturing partners.  
The Company’s stock price is subject to volatility.   
The Company’ s stock continues to experience substantial price v olatility. Additionally, the Company, the technolog y industry, and the stock 
market as a whole have experienced extreme stock pr ice and volume fluctuations that have affected stoc k prices in ways that may have been 
unrelated to these companies’ operating performance. Price volatility over a give n period may cause the average price at which the C ompany 
repurchases its own stock to exceed the stock’s pri ce at a given point in time. The Company believes i ts stock price reflects  
   
18  Table of Contents  
expectations of future growth and profitability. Th e Company also believes its stock price reflects ex pectations that its cash dividend will 
continue at current levels or grow and that its cur rent share repurchase program will be fully consumm ated. Future dividends are subject to 
declaration by the Company’s Board of Directors, an d the Company’ s share repurchase program does not obligate it to acquire any specific 
number of shares. If the Company fails to meet any of these expectations related to future growth, pro fitability, dividends, share repurchases or 
other market expectations its stock price may decli ne significantly, which could have a material adver se impact on investor confidence and 
employee retention.  
The Company’s financial performance is subject to r isks associated with changes in the value of the U. S. dollar versus local currencies.  
The Company’s primary exposure to movements in fore ign currency exchange rates relates to non- U.S. dollar denominated sales and operating 
expenses worldwide. Weakening of foreign currencies  relative to the U.S. dollar adversely affects the U.S. dollar value of the Company’ s foreign 
currency- denominated sales and earnings, and generally leads  the Company to raise international pricing, potent ially reducing demand for the 
Company’s products. Margins on sales of the Company ’s products in foreign countries, and on sales of pr oducts that include components 
obtained from foreign suppliers, could be materiall y adversely affected by foreign currency exchange r ate fluctuations. In some circumstances, 
for competitive or other reasons, the Company may d ecide not to raise local prices to fully offset the  dollar’s strengthening, or at all, which 
would adversely affect the U.S. dollar value of the  Company’ s foreign currency denominated sales and earnings. Conversely, a strengthening of 
foreign currencies relative to the U.S. dollar, whi le generally beneficial to the Company’s foreign cu rrency-denominated sales and earnings, 
could cause the Company to reduce international pri cing and incur losses on its foreign currency deriv ative instruments, thereby limiting the 
benefit. Additionally, strengthening of foreign cur rencies may also increase the Company’ s cost of product components denominated in those 
currencies, thus adversely affecting gross margins.   
The Company uses derivative instruments, such as fo reign currency forward and option contracts, to hed ge certain exposures to fluctuations in 
foreign currency exchange rates. The use of such he dging activities may not offset any or more than a portion of the adverse financial effects of 
unfavorable movements in foreign exchange rates ove r the limited time the hedges are in place.  
The Company is exposed to credit risk and fluctuati ons in the market values of its investment portfoli o.  
Given the global nature of its business, the Compan y has both domestic and international investments. Credit ratings and pricing of the 
Company’ s investments can be negatively affected by liquidi ty, credit deterioration, financial results, econom ic risk, political risk, sovereign risk 
or other factors. As a result, the value and liquid ity of the Company’ s cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities may fluctuate 
substantially. Therefore, although the Company has not realized any significant losses on its cash, ca sh equivalents and marketable securities, 
future fluctuations in their value could result in a significant realized loss.  
The Company is exposed to credit risk on its trade accounts receivable, vendor non-trade receivables a nd prepayments related to long- term 
supply agreements, and this risk is heightened duri ng periods when economic conditions worsen.  
The Company distributes its products through third- party cellular network carriers, wholesalers, retai lers and value- added resellers. A substantial 
majority of the Company’s outstanding trade receiva bles are not covered by collateral or credit insura nce. The Company’ s exposure to credit and 
collectability risk on its trade receivables is hig her in certain international markets and its abilit y to mitigate such risks may be limited. The 
Company also has unsecured vendor non- trade receivables resulting from purchases of compo nents by outsourcing partners and other vendors 
that manufacture sub- assemblies or assemble final products for the Compa ny. In addition, the Company has made prepayments a ssociated with 
long-term supply agreements to secure supply of inv entory components. As of September 28, 2013, a sign ificant portion of the Company’ s trade 
receivables was  
   
19  Table of Contents  
concentrated within cellular network carriers, and its non-trade receivables and prepayments related t o long-term supply agreements were 
concentrated among a few individual vendors located  primarily in Asia. While the Company has procedure s to monitor and limit exposure to 
credit risk on its trade and vendor non-trade recei vables as well as long- term prepayments, there can be no assurance such pr ocedures will 
effectively limit its credit risk and avoid losses.   
The Company could be subject to changes in its tax rates, the adoption of new U.S. or international ta x legislation or exposure to additional tax 
liabilities.  
The Company is subject to taxes in the U.S. and num erous foreign jurisdictions, including Ireland, whe re a number of the Company’ s 
subsidiaries are organized. Due to economic and pol itical conditions, tax rates in various jurisdictio ns may be subject to significant change. The 
Company’ s future effective tax rates could be affected by c hanges in the mix of earnings in countries with dif fering statutory tax rates, changes 
in the valuation of deferred tax assets and liabili ties, or changes in tax laws or their interpretatio n, including in the U.S. and Ireland. The 
Company is also subject to the examination of its t ax returns and other tax matters by the Internal Re venue Service and other tax authorities and 
governmental bodies. The Company regularly assesses  the likelihood of an adverse outcome resulting fro m these examinations to determine the 
adequacy of its provision for taxes. There can be n o assurance as to the outcome of these examinations . If the Company’ s effective tax rates were 
to increase, particularly in the U.S. or Ireland, o r if the ultimate determination of the Company’ s taxes owed is for an amount in excess of 
amounts previously accrued, the Company’s operating  results, cash flows, and financial condition could  be adversely affected.  
   
None.  
   
The Company’ s headquarters are located in Cupertino, California . As of September 28, 2013, the Company owned or le ased approximately 
19.1 million square feet of building space, primari ly in the U.S., and to a lesser extent, in Europe, Japan, Canada, and the Asia- Pacific regions. 
Of that amount approximately 12.0 million square fe et was leased building space, which includes approx imately 4.6 million square feet related 
to retail store space. Of the Company’ s owned building space, approximately 2.6 million s quare feet that is located in Cupertino, California  will 
be demolished to build a second corporate campus. A dditionally, the Company owns a total of 1,428 acre s of land in various locations.  
As of September 28, 2013, the Company owned a manuf acturing facility in Cork, Ireland that also housed  a customer support call center and 
facilities in Elk Grove, California that included w arehousing and distribution operations and a custom er support call center. The Company also 
owned land in Austin, Texas where it is building of fice space and a customer support call center. In a ddition, the Company owned facilities for 
research and development and corporate functions in  Cupertino, California, including land for the futu re development of the Company’ s second 
corporate campus. The Company also owned data cente rs in Newark, California; Maiden, North Carolina; P rineville, Oregon; and Reno, 
Nevada. Outside the U.S., the Company owned additio nal facilities for various purposes.  
The Company believes its existing facilities and eq uipment, which are used by all operating segments, are in good operating condition and are 
suitable for the conduct of its business. The Compa ny has invested in internal capacity and strategic relationships with outside manufacturing 
vendors and continues to make investments in capita l equipment as needed to meet anticipated demand fo r its products.  
   
20  Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
Item 2. Properties Table of Contents  
The Company is subject to the various legal proceed ings and claims discussed below as well as certain other legal proceedings and claims that 
have not been fully resolved and that have arisen i n the ordinary course of business. In the opinion o f management, there was not at least a 
reasonable possibility the Company may have incurre d a material loss, or a material loss in excess of a recorded accrual, with respect to loss 
contingencies. However, the outcome of legal procee dings and claims brought against the Company is sub ject to significant uncertainty. 
Therefore, although management considers the likeli hood of such an outcome to be remote, if one or mor e of these legal matters were resolved 
against the Company in a reporting period for amoun ts in excess of management’s expectations, the Comp any’s consolidated financial 
statements for that reporting period could be mater ially adversely affected. See the risk factor “ The Company could be impacted by unfavorable 
results of legal proceedings, such as being found t o have infringed on intellectual property rights ” in Part I, Item 1A of this Form 10- K under 
the heading “Risk Factors.” The Company settled certain matters during the four th quarter of 2013 that did not individually or in the aggregate 
have a material impact on the Company’s financial c ondition and results of operations.  
The Apple iPod iTunes Antitrust Litigation (formerl y Charoensak v. Apple Computer, Inc. and Tucker v. Apple Computer, Inc.); Somers v. Apple 
Inc.  
These related cases were filed on January 3, 2005, July 21, 2006 and December 31, 2007 in the United S tates District Court for the Northern 
District of California on behalf of a purported cla ss of direct and indirect purchasers of iPods and i Tunes Store content, alleging various claims 
including alleged unlawful tying of music and video  purchased on the iTunes Store with the purchase of  iPods and unlawful acquisition or 
maintenance of monopoly market power under §§1 and 2 of the Sherman Act, the Cartwright Act, Californi a Business & Professions Code 
§17200 (unfair competition), the California Consume r Legal Remedies Act and California monopolization law. Plaintiffs are seeking unspecified 
compensatory and punitive damages for the class, tr eble damages, injunctive relief, disgorgement of re venues and/or profits and attorneys fees. 
Plaintiffs are also seeking digital rights manageme nt free versions of any songs downloaded from iTune s or an order requiring the Company to 
license its digital rights management to all compet ing music players. On September 3, 2013, the U.S. N inth Circuit Court of Appeals upheld the 
District Court’s dismissal of the indirect purchase r case, Somers v. Apple Inc. The remaining direct p urchaser cases are currently pending.  
Apple eBooks Antitrust Litigation (United States of  America v. Apple Inc., et al.)  
On April 11, 2012, the U.S. Department of Justice ( the “DOJ”) filed a civil antitrust action against the Company and five major book publishers 
in the U.S. District Court for the Southern Distric t of New York, alleging an unreasonable restraint o f interstate trade and commerce in violation 
of §1 of the Sherman Act and seeking, among other t hings, injunctive relief, the District Court’s decl aration that the Company’ s agency 
agreements with the publishers are null and void an d/or the District Court’s reformation of such agree ments. The DOJ’ s complaint asserted, 
among other things, that the decision by the five p ublishers to shift to an agency model to sell eBook s and their agreements with the Company 
were an attempt to “raise, fix and stabilize retail  e-book prices, to end price competition among e- book retailers, and to limit retail price 
competition.” The Company filed a response to the D OJ complaint in late May 2012, denying the DOJ’ s allegations. All five publishers reached 
a settlement with the DOJ, which required the publi shers to terminate their agreements with the Compan y and renegotiate new agreements 
pursuant to the terms of their settlement with the DOJ. On July 10, 2013, the District Court found, fo llowing a bench trial, that the Company 
conspired to restrain trade in violation of §1 of t he Sherman Act and relevant state statutes to the e xtent those laws are congruent with §1 of the 
Sherman Act. The District Court entered a permanent  injunction, which took effect on October 6, 2013 a nd will be in effect for five years unless 
the judgment is overturned on appeal. A damages tri al is set for May 2014. The Company has appealed th e District Court’s decision.  
   
Not applicable.  
   
21  Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures Table of Contents  
PART II  
   
The Company’s common stock is traded on the NASDAQ Stock Market LLC under the symbol AAPL.  
Price Range of Common Stock  
The price range per share of common stock presented  below represents the highest and lowest intraday s ales prices for the Company’ s common 
stock on the NASDAQ Stock Market LLC during each qu arter of the two most recent years.  
   
Holders  
As of October 18, 2013, there were 24,710 sharehold ers of record.  
Dividends  
The Company paid a total of $10.5 billion and $2.5 billion in dividends during 2013 and 2012, respecti vely, and expects to pay quarterly 
dividends of $3.05 per common share each quarter, s ubject to declaration by the Board of Directors.  
Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Af filiated Purchasers  
Share repurchase activity during the three months e nded September 28, 2013 was as follows (in millions , except number of shares, which are 
reflected in thousands, and per share amounts):  
   
   
22  Item 5. Market for Registrant ’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Is suer Purchases of Equity Securities 
     Fourth Quarter      Third Quarter      Second Quarter      First Quarter   
2013 price range per share     $ 513.74 - $401.22       $ 465.75 - $385.10       $ 555.00 - $419.00       $ 676.75 - $501.23    
2012 price range per share     $ 705.07 - $570.00       $ 644.00 - $522.18       $ 621.45 - $409.00       $ 426.70 - $354.24    
Q4 Fiscal Periods    Total  
Number of 
 
Shares  
Purchased      Average  
Price  
Paid Per  
Share      Total  
Number of 
Shares  
Purchased 
as Part of  
Publicly  
Announced 
 
Plans or  
Programs      Approximate 
 
Dollar  
Value of  
Shares That 
May Yet Be  
Purchased  
Under the  
Plans or  
Programs (a)   
June 30, 2013 to August 3, 2013       2,193       $ 451.49         2,193       
August 4, 2013 to August 31, 2013       7,061       $ 487.17         7,061       
September 1, 2013 to September 28, 2013       1,184       $ 481.33         1,184       
                    
Total       10,438             $ 37,050    
           
                   
(a) In 2012, the Company’s Board of Directors autho rized a program to repurchase up to $10 billion of the Company’ s common stock 
beginning in 2013. In April 2013, the Company’ s Board of Directors increased the share repurchase  program authorization from $10 
billion to $60 billion. The Company’ s share repurchase program does not obligate it to acquire any specific number of shares. Under the 
program, shares may be repurchased in privately neg otiated and/or open market transactions, including under plans complying with Rule 
10b5-1 of the Exchange Act. The $37.1 billion represents  the remaining amount available to repurchase share s under the authorized 
repurchase program.  Table of Contents  
Company Stock Performance  
The following graph shows a five- year comparison of cumulative total shareholder ret urn, calculated on a dividend reinvested basis, for  the 
Company, the S&P 500 Index, the S&P Computer Hardwa re Index, and the Dow Jones U.S. Technology Superse ctor Index. The graph assumes 
$100 was invested in each of the Company’ s common stock, the S&P 500 Index, the S&P Computer  Hardware Index, and the Dow Jones U.S. 
Technology Supersector Index as of the market close  on September 30, 2008. Data points on the graph ar e annual. Note that historic stock price 
performance is not necessarily indicative of future  stock price performance.  
   
  
Fiscal year ending September 30.  
Copyright 2013 S&P, a division of The McGraw-Hill C ompanies Inc. All rights reserved.  
Copyright 2013 Dow Jones & Co. All rights reserved.   
   
   
23  
*$100 invested on 9/30/08 in stock or index, including re investment of dividends.  
  September 30,  
2008   September 30,  
2009   September 30,  
2010   September 30,  
2011   September 30,  
2012   September 30,  
2013 
Apple Inc.    $100   $163   $250   $335   $589   $431 
S&P 500 Index    $100   $ 93   $103   $104   $135   $161 
S&P Computer Hardware Index    $100   $118   $140   $159   $255   $197 
Dow Jones US Technology Supersector Index    $100   $111   $124   $128   $166   $175 © 
© Table of Contents  
The information set forth below for the five years ended September 28, 2013, is not necessarily indica tive of results of future operations, and 
should be read in conjunction with Item 7, “Managem ent’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Conditio n and Results of Operations” and the 
consolidated financial statements and related notes  thereto included in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 1 0-K to fully understand factors that may 
affect the comparability of the information present ed below (in millions, except number of shares, whi ch are reflected in thousands, and per 
share amounts).  
   
   
24  Item 6. Selected Financial Data 
     2013      2012      2011      2010      2009   
Net sales     $ 170,910       $ 156,508       $ 108,249       $ 65,225       $ 42,905    
Net income     $ 37,037       $ 41,733       $ 25,922       $ 14,013       $ 8,235    
Earnings per share:                 
Basic     $ 40.03       $ 44.64       $ 28.05       $ 15.41       $ 9.22    
Diluted     $ 39.75       $ 44.15       $ 27.68       $ 15.15       $ 9.08    
Cash dividends declared per share     $ 11.40       $ 2.65       $ 0       $ 0       $ 0    
Shares used in computing earnings per share:                 
Basic       925,331         934,818         924,258         909,461         893,016    
Diluted       931,662         945,355         936,645         924,712         907,005    
Total cash, cash equivalents and marketable securit ies     $ 146,761       $ 121,251       $ 81,570       $ 51,011       $ 33,992    
Total assets     $ 207,000       $ 176,064       $ 116,371       $ 75,183       $ 47,501    
Long -term debt     $ 16,960       $ 0       $ 0       $ 0       $ 0    
Long -term obligations (a)     $ 20,208       $ 16,664       $ 10,100       $ 5,531       $ 3,502    
Total liabilities     $ 83,451       $ 57,854       $ 39,756       $ 27,392       $ 15,861    
Total shareholders ’ equity     $ 123,549       $ 118,210       $ 76,615       $ 47,791       $ 31,640    
  
(a) Long -term obligations exclude non -current deferred revenue.  Table of Contents  
This Item 7, “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations,” and other parts of this Form 
10-K contain forward-looking statements, within the meaning of the Private Secur ities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, that involve r isks and 
uncertainties. Forward- looking statements provide current expectations of future events based on certain assumptions and incl ude any statement 
that does not directly relate to any historical or current fact. Forward-looking statements can also b e identified by words such as “future,”
“anticipates,” “believes,” “estimates,” “expects,” “intends,” “plans,” “predicts,” “will,” “would,” “c ould,” “can,” “may,” and similar 
terms. Forward-looking statements are not guarantee s of future performance and the Company’ s actual results may differ significantly from the 
results discussed in the forward-looking statements. Factors that might cause such differenc es include, but are not limited to, those discussed  in 
Part I, Item 1A of this Form 10 -K under the heading “Risk Factors,” which are incorporated herein by reference. The fol lowing discussion 
should be read in conjunction with the consolidated  financial statements and notes thereto included in  Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K. All 
information presented herein is based on the Compan y’s fiscal calendar. Unless otherwise stated, referen ces to particular years, quarters, 
months or periods refer to the Company’ s fiscal years ended in September and the associate d quarters, months and periods of those fiscal year s. 
Each of the terms the “Company” and “Apple” as used herein refers collect ively to Apple Inc. and its wholly- owned subsidiaries, unless 
otherwise stated. The Company assumes no obligation  to revise or update any forward- looking statements for any reason, except as requir ed by 
law.  
Overview and Highlights  
The Company designs, manufactures, and markets mobi le communication and media devices, personal comput ers, and portable digital music 
players, and sells a variety of related software, s ervices, peripherals, networking solutions, and thi rd-party digital content and applications. The 
Company sells its products worldwide through its re tail stores, online stores, and direct sales force,  as well as through third- party cellular 
network carriers, wholesalers, retailers, and value -added resellers. In addition, the Company sells a variety of third- party iPhone, iPad, Mac and 
iPod compatible products, including application sof tware, and various accessories through its online a nd retail stores. The Company sells to 
consumers; small and mid-sized businesses; and educ ation, enterprise and government customers.  
Fiscal 2013 Highlights  
Net sales rose 9% or $14.4 billion during 2013 comp ared to 2012. This resulted from growth in net sale s of iPhone; iTunes, software, and 
services; and iPad. Growth in 2013 reflects strong sales of iPhone 5, strong continuing sales of iPhon e 4 and 4s, the introduction of iPhone 5c 
and 5s, strong performance of the iPad Mini and fou rth generation iPad, and continued growth in the Co mpany’s online sales of apps, digital 
content, and services. Growth in these areas was pa rtially offset by declines in net sales of Mac and iPod. All of the Company’ s operating 
segments experienced increased net sales in 2013, w ith net sales growth being particularly strong in t he Americas, Greater China and Japan 
operating segments. Similar to 2012, growth in tota l net sales was higher during the first half of 201 3, rising $12.6 billion or 14.7% over the 
same period in 2012. First half growth in 2013 was driven by iPhone and iPad introductions at or near the beginning of 2013.  
During the first quarter of 2013, the Company intro duced the fourth generation iPad and iPad Mini, a n ew MacBook Pro with Retina display, a 
new iPod touch, a new iMac, and expanded the rollou t of iPhone 5 which began in September 2012. In Jun e 2013 at its Worldwide Developer 
Conference, the Company announced iOS 7 and OS X Ma vericks, announced iTunes Radio, introduced a signi ficant upgrade to MacBook Air, 
and provided a preview of all new Mac Pro desktops expected to be introduced during 2014. In September  2013, the Company introduced 
iPhone 5s and iPhone 5c, released iOS 7, launched i Tunes Radio, and announced that beginning in Septem ber 2013 iPhoto, iMovie and iWork 
apps for iOS would be available as free downloads w ith all new “iOS devices,” namely iPhone, iPad and iPod touch. In October 2013 , the 
Company announced iPad Air™, its fifth generation i Pad, and iPad mini with Retina display.  
   
25  Item 7. Management ’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition an d Results of Operations Table of Contents  
In April 2013 the Company announced a significant i ncrease to its program to return capital to shareho lders by raising the total amount it 
expected to utilize for the program through Decembe r 2015 to $100 billion. This included increasing it s share repurchase authorization to $60 
billion and raising its quarterly dividend to $3.05  per common share beginning in May 2013. During 201 3, the Company utilized $23.0 billion to 
repurchase common shares and paid dividends of $10. 5 billion or $11.40 per common share. In conjunctio n with its capital return program, in 
May 2013 the Company issued $17.0 billion of notes with varying maturities through 2043.  
Fiscal 2012 Highlights  
Overall net sales during 2012 increased $48.3 billi on or 45% compared to 2011. All of the Company’ s operating segments experienced increased 
net sales during 2012, primarily a result of strong  demand for iPhone and iPad. Growth in total net sa les was particularly strong during the first 
six months of 2012, rising $34.1 billion or 66% com pared to the same period in 2011. The net sales gro wth during the first six months of 2012 
reflected the launch of iPhone 4s in the first quar ter of 2012 and the Company’ s ability to meet demand more quickly for iPhone 4s  when 
compared to the iPhone 4 launch. Growth during the first half of 2012 was also favorably impacted by s trong unit sales of iPad during the 
holiday season, resulting in a 111% increase in iPa d unit sales during the first quarter of 2012 compa red to the same quarter in 2011. Partially 
offsetting these positive factors was a decrease in  iPod net sales experienced across all operating se gments.  
In October 2011, the Company introduced iPhone 4s a nd launched iCloud, the Company’ s cloud service that stores user data and keeps it up to 
date and available on multiple iOS devices and Mac and Windows personal computers. The Company introdu ced the third generation iPad with 
Retina display in March 2012 and in June 2012 intro duced the MacBook Pro with Retina display and an up dated MacBook Air During the fourth 
quarter of 2012, OS X Mountain Lion was released an d iPhone 5 was introduced.  
In March 2012, the Company announced a $10 billion share repurchase program that would be executed ove r three years and announced plans to 
initiate a quarterly dividend commencing in the fou rth quarter of 2012. During the fourth quarter, the  Company paid dividends of $2.5 billion or 
$2.65 per common share.  
   
26  Table of Contents  
Sales Data  
The following table shows net sales by operating se gment and net sales and unit sales by product durin g 2013, 2012 and 2011 (dollars in 
millions and units in thousands):  
   
   
   
   
The Company’s fiscal year is the 52 or 53-week peri od that ends on the last Saturday of September. The  Company’ s fiscal years 2013, 2012 and 
2011 ended on September 28, 2013, September 29, 201 2 and September 24, 2011, respectively. Both fiscal  years 2013 and 2011 spanned 52 
weeks. Fiscal year 2012 spanned 53 weeks, with a 14  week added to the first quarter of 2012, as is done  approximately every six years to 
realign the Company’s fiscal quarters more closely to calendar quarters. Inclusion of the additional w eek in 2012 increased the Company’ s 
overall net sales and operating expenses for the ye ar.  
   
27       2013      Change      2012      Change      2011   
Net Sales by Operating Segment:           
Americas     $ 62,739         9%       $ 57,512         50%       $ 38,315    
Europe       37,883         4%         36,323         31%         27,778    
Greater China (a)       25,417         13%         22,533         78%         12,690    
Japan       13,462         27%         10,571         94%         5,437    
Rest of Asia Pacific       11,181         4%         10,741         8%         9,902    
Retail       20,228         7%         18,828         33%         14,127    
                                       
Total net sales     $ 170,910         9%       $ 156,508         45%       $ 108,249    
           
              
              
Net Sales by Product:                 
iPhone (b)     $ 91,279         16%       $ 78,692         71%       $ 45,998    
iPad (b)       31,980         3%         30,945         61%         19,168    
Mac (b)       21,483         (7)%         23,221         7%         21,783    
iPod (b)       4,411         (21)%         5,615         (25)%         7,453    
iTunes, software and services (c)       16,051         25%         12,890         38%         9,373    
Accessories (d)       5,706         11%         5,145         15%         4,474    
                                       
Total net sales     $ 170,910         9%       $ 156,508         45%       $ 108,249    
           
              
              
Unit Sales by Product:           
iPhone       150,257         20%         125,046         73%         72,293    
iPad       71,033         22%         58,310         80%         32,394    
Mac       16,341         (10)%         18,158         9%         16,735    
iPod       26,379         (25)%         35,165         (17)%         42,620    
  
(a) Greater China includes China, Hong Kong and Taiwan.   
(b) Includes deferrals and amortization of related non -software services and software upgrade rights.  
(c) Includes revenue from sales on the iTunes Store, th e App Store, the Mac App Store, and the iBooks Stor e, and revenue from sales of 
AppleCare, licensing and other services.  
(d) Includes sales of hardware peripherals and Apple -branded and third -party accessories for iPhone, iPad, Mac and iPod.  
th Table of Contents  
Product Performance  
iPhone  
The following table presents iPhone net sales and u nit sales information for 2013, 2012 and 2011 (net sales in millions and units in thousands):  
   
The growth in iPhone net sales and unit sales durin g 2013 resulted from increased demand for iPhone in  all of the Company’ s operating 
segments primarily due to the launch of iPhone 5 be ginning in September 2012 and strong ongoing demand  for iPhone 4 and 4s. All of the 
Company’s operating segments experienced increases in net sales and unit sales of iPhone during 2013 c ompared to 2012. The year-over- year 
impact of higher iPhone unit sales in 2013 was part ially offset by a 3% decline in iPhone average sell ing prices (“ASPs”) in 2013 compared to 
2012 primarily as a result of a shift in product mi x towards lower-priced iPhone models, particularly iPhone 4. All of the Company’ s geographic 
operating segments experienced a decline in iPhone ASPs during 2013.  
The year-over-year growth in iPhone net sales and u nit sales during 2012 reflects strong demand for iP hone in all of the Company’ s operating 
segments, except for the Rest of Asia Pacific segme nt. Growth in iPhone sales during 2012 is primarily  a result of the launches of iPhone 4s in 
the first quarter of 2012 and iPhone 5 in the fourt h quarter of 2012, ongoing demand during 2012 for i Phone 4 and iPhone 3GS, and expanded 
distribution with new carriers and resellers.  
iPad  
The following table presents iPad net sales and uni t sales information for 2013, 2012 and 2011 (net sa les in millions and units in thousands):  
   
The growth in net sales and unit sales of iPad duri ng 2013 resulted from growth in iPad unit sales in all of the Company’ s operating segments. 
This growth was driven by the launch of iPad mini a nd the fourth generation iPad beginning in the firs t quarter of 2013. The year-over- year 
growth rate of total iPad unit sales was significan tly higher than the growth rate of total iPad net s ales for 2013 due to a reduction in iPad ASPs 
of 15% in 2013 compared to 2012. This decline resul ted primarily from introduction of the lower priced  iPad mini and the full year impact of the 
price reduction on iPad 2 made in 2012. The decline  in iPad ASPs was experienced to various degrees by  all of the Company’ s operating 
segments.  
The year-over-year increase in iPad net sales and u nit sales during 2012 was driven by strong demand f or iPad in all of the Company’ s operating 
segments as a result of the launch of the third gen eration iPad in March 2012, continued demand for iP ad 2, and expanded distribution with new 
resellers. The year-over- year growth rate of iPad unit sales was higher than  the growth rate of iPad net sales during 2012 due to a 10% reduction 
in ASPs as a result of a shift in product mix towar d lower-priced iPad models, a price reduction on iPad 2 and  an increase in indirect sales due to 
expanded distribution through third-party resellers .  
   
28       2013      Change      2012      Change      2011   
Net sales     $ 91,279         16%       $ 78,692         71%       $   45,998    
Percentage of total net sales       53%            50%            42%    
Unit sales       150,257         20%         125,046         73%         72,293    
     2013      Change      2012      Change      2011   
Net sales     $ 31,980         3%       $ 30,945         61%       $   19,168    
Percentage of total net sales       19%            20%            18%    
Unit sales         71,033         22%           58,310         80%         32,394    Table of Contents  
Mac  
The following table presents Mac net sales and unit  sales information for 2013, 2012 and 2011 (net sal es in millions and units in thousands):  
   
Mac net sales and unit sales for 2013 were down or relatively flat in all of the Company’ s operating segments. Mac ASPs increased slightly 
partially offsetting the impact of lower unit sales  on net sales. The decline in Mac unit sales and ne t sales reflects the overall weakness in the 
market for personal computers.  
The year-over-year growth in Mac net sales and unit  sales during 2012 reflects increased demand for Ma c portables in all of the Company’ s 
operating segments driven by 2012 releases of updat ed models of MacBook Air and MacBook Pro, including  MacBook Pro with Retina display 
in June 2012. Partially offsetting the increase in net sales of Mac portables was a decline in net sal es of Mac desktops that reflected the overall 
decline in the market for desktop personal computer s during 2012. Additionally, the Company did not in troduce updated versions of its Mac 
desktop products in 2012.  
iTunes, Software and Services  
The following table presents net sales information of iTunes, software and services for 2013, 2012 and  2011 (in millions):  
   
The increase in net sales of iTunes, software and s ervices in 2013 compared to 2012 was primarily due to growth in net sales from the iTunes 
Store, AppleCare and licensing. The iTunes Store ge nerated a total of $9.3 billion in net sales during  2013, a 24% increase from 2012. Growth in 
the iTunes Store, which includes the App Store, the  Mac App Store and the iBooks Store, reflects conti nued growth in the installed base of iOS 
devices, expanded offerings of iOS apps and related  in-App purchases, and expanded offerings of iTunes  digital content.  
The increase in net sales of iTunes, software and s ervices in 2012 compared to 2011 was due primarily to growth of the iTunes Store, which 
generated total net sales of $7.5 billion for 2012 compared to net sales of $5.4 billion during 2011. The strong results of the iTunes Store in 2012 
reflect growth of the App Store; growth of the Comp any’s customer base; and the continued expansion of  third-party audio, video and book 
content available for sale or rent via the iTunes S tore.  
   
29       2013      Change      2012      Change      2011   
Net sales     $ 21,483         (7)%       $ 23,221         7%       $ 21,783    
Percentage of total net sales       13%            15%            20%    
Unit sales       16,341         (10)%         18,158         9%         16,735    
     2013      Change      2012      Change      2011   
iTunes, software and services     $ 16,051         25%       $ 12,890         38%       $   9,373    
Percentage of total net sales       9%            8%            9%    Table of Contents  
Segment Operating Performance  
The Company manages its business primarily on a geo graphic basis. Accordingly, the Company determined its reportable operating segments, 
which are generally based on the nature and locatio n of its customers, to be the Americas, Europe, Gre ater China, Japan, Rest of Asia Pacific and 
Retail. The Americas segment includes both North an d South America. The Europe segment includes Europe an countries, as well as India, the 
Middle East and Africa. The Greater China segment i ncludes China, Hong Kong and Taiwan. The Rest of As ia Pacific segment includes 
Australia and Asian countries, other than those cou ntries included in the Company’ s other operating segments. The Retail segment oper ates 
Apple retail stores in 13 countries, including the U.S. The results of the Company’ s geographic segments do not include results of the  Retail 
segment. Each operating segment provides similar ha rdware and software products and similar services. Further information regarding the 
Company’s operating segments may be found in Note 1 1, “Segment Information and Geographic Data.”  
Americas  
The following table presents Americas net sales inf ormation for 2013, 2012 and 2011 (in millions):  
   
The growth in the Americas segment net sales during  2013 was driven by increased sales of iPhone follo wing the introduction of iPhone 5 in 
September 2012 and iPhone 5s and 5c in September 20 13, increased sales from the iTunes Store, and incr eased sales of iPad, particularly iPad 
mini. These increases were partially offset by a de crease in net sales of iPod and Mac and a decline i n iPad ASPs.  
The growth in net sales during 2012 was primarily d riven by increased demand for iPhone following the launches of iPhone 4s and iPhone 5, 
strong demand for the third generation iPad and iPa d 2, and higher sales from the iTunes Store.  
Europe  
The following table presents Europe net sales infor mation for 2013, 2012 and 2011 (in millions):  
   
Similar to the Americas segment, growth in net sale s in the Europe segment during 2013 was primarily d riven by increased sales of iPhone, iPad 
and higher net sales from iTunes. These increases w ere partially offset by decreases in net sales of M ac and iPod and a decline in iPad ASPs. Net 
sales in the Europe segment continue to be negative ly impacted by unfavorable economic conditions in p arts of the region reflected by second 
half 2013 net sales falling 4% compared to the seco nd half of 2012, which followed an 11% increase in net sales during the first half of 2013.  
The growth in net sales during 2012 was primarily d riven by strong demand for the third generation iPa d and iPad 2, higher sales from the 
iTunes Store and increased demand for iPhone from t he launch of iPhone 4s. iPhone 5 was launched in a limited number of countries in the 
Europe segment at the end of the fourth quarter of 2012 and did not contribute to the growth in net sa les in the Europe segment to the extent it 
did in other segments. Lower year-over-year growth in net sales in the Europe segment during 2012 comp ared to the Company’ s other 
geographic segments reflects growth in iPhone unit sales that was well below the growth rates experien ced by the Company’ s other operating 
segments, partially offset by strong growth in iPad  unit sales. Net sales in the Europe  
   
30       2013      Change      2012      Change      2011   
Net sales     $ 62,739         9%       $ 57,512         50%       $ 38,315    
Percentage of total net sales       37%            37%            35%    
     2013      Change      2012      Change      2011   
Net sales     $ 37,883         4%       $ 36,323         31%       $ 27,778    
Percentage of total net sales       22%            23%            26%    Table of Contents  
segment were also negatively impacted by the region ’s uncertain economic conditions and the strength in  the U.S. dollar relative to several 
European currencies, including the euro.  
Greater China  
The following table presents Greater China net sale s information for 2013, 2012 and 2011 (in millions) :  
   
The growth in net sales in the Greater China segmen t during 2013 resulted from two major iPhone introd uctions during the year, iPhone 5 in 
December 2012 and iPhone 5c and iPhone 5s in Septem ber 2013. Further contributing to the growth in 201 3 was the introduction of the fourth 
generation iPad and iPad mini during the second qua rter of 2013 and an increase in iPhone channel inve ntory as of the end of 2013 compared to 
the end of 2012. While net sales in the China segme nt were up 13% for all of 2013, net sales for the s econd half of 2013 declined 4% compared 
to the second half of 2012.  
The growth in net sales during 2012 was mainly due to increased demand for iPhone following the launch  of iPhone 4s and strong demand for 
the third generation iPad and iPad 2. Growth in the  Greater China segment was affected by the timing o f iPhone and iPad product launches. 
iPhone 5 was not launched in China during 2012, and  the third generation iPad that was introduced by t he Company in March 2012 was not 
launched in China until the fourth quarter of 2012.   
Japan  
The following table presents Japan net sales inform ation for 2013, 2012 and 2011 (in millions):  
   
The increase in net sales in the Japan segment duri ng 2013 reflects significant increases in unit volu mes of iPhone and iPad, strong growth of 
iTunes Store net sales and an increase in iPhone ch annel inventory as of the end of 2013 compared to t he end of 2012. These positive factors 
were partially offset by declines in ASPs for iPhon e and iPad and by weakness in the Japanese Yen rela tive to the U.S. dollar.  
The growth in net sales during 2012 was primarily d riven by increased demand for iPhone following the launches of iPhone 4s and iPhone 5, 
expanded distribution with a new iPhone carrier, st rong demand for the third generation iPad and iPad 2, higher sales from the iTunes Store, and 
strength in the Japanese Yen relative to the U.S. d ollar.  
Rest of Asia Pacific  
The following table presents Rest of Asia Pacific n et sales information for 2013, 2012 and 2011 (in mi llions):  
   
The growth in net sales during 2013 was primarily d riven by the launch of iPhone 5 and higher sales fr om iTunes, partially offset by a decrease 
in net sales of iPad and Mac.  
   
31       2013      Change      2012      Change      2011   
Net sales     $ 25,417         13%       $ 22,533         78%       $ 12,690    
Percentage of total net sales       15%            14%            12%    
     2013      Change      2012      Change      2011   
Net sales     $ 13,462         27%       $ 10,571         94%       $   5,437    
Percentage of total net sales       8%            7%            5%    
     2013      Change      2012      Change      2011   
Net sales     $ 11,181         4%       $ 10,741         8%       $   9,902    
Percentage of total net sales       7%            7%            9%    Table of Contents  
The growth in net sales during 2012 was mainly due to strong demand for the third generation iPad. The  Rest of Asia Pacific segment 
experienced significantly lower year-over-year grow th in net sales compared to all of the Company’ s other operating segments due primarily to a 
decrease in iPhone sales. This decrease reflects th e timing of iPhone 5 launches in the Rest of Asia P acific segment, which only occurred in a 
limited number of countries during the fourth quart er of 2012.  
Retail  
The following table presents Retail net sales infor mation for 2013, 2012 and 2011 (in millions, except  for store counts):  
   
The growth in net sales during 2013 was primarily d riven by increased unit sales of iPhone and iPad fo llowing the new product introductions in 
the first half of 2013 and increased sales of servi ces. With an average of 403 and 365 open stores dur ing 2013 and 2012, respectively, average 
revenue per store decreased to $50.2 million in 201 3, compared to $51.5 million in 2012.  
The growth in net sales during 2012 was driven prim arily by increased demand for iPhone following the launches of iPhone 4s and iPhone 5, 
strong demand for the third generation iPad and iPa d 2, and higher Mac net sales. Lower year-over- year growth in net sales in the Retail segment 
during 2012 compared to the Company’ s other segments reflects the significant growth in  iPad indirect distribution channel expansion. With  an 
average of 365 stores and 326 stores during 2012 an d 2011, respectively, average revenue per store inc reased 19% to $51.5 million in 2012 
compared to $43.3 million in 2011.  
The Retail segment’s operating income was $4.0 bill ion, $4.6 billion and $3.1 billion during 2013, 201 2, and 2011, respectively. The year-over-
year decrease in Retail operating income in 2013 is  primarily attributable to lower gross margin simil ar to that experienced by the Company 
overall, partially offset by higher net sales. The year-over- year increase in Retail operating income in 2012 is  primarily attributable to higher 
overall net sales that resulted in significantly hi gher average revenue per store during 2012.  
Gross Margin  
Gross margin for 2013, 2012 and 2011 are as follows  (in millions, except gross margin percentages):  
   
The gross margin percentage in 2013 was 37.6% compa red to 43.9% in 2012. The year-over- year decrease in gross margin in 2013 compared to 
2012 was driven by multiple factors including intro duction of new versions of existing products with h igher cost structures and flat or reduced 
pricing; a shift in sales mix to products with lowe r margins; introduction of iPad mini with gross mar gin significantly below the Company’ s 
average product margins; higher expenses associated  with changes to certain of the Company’s service p olicies and other  
   
32       2013      Change      2012      Change      2011   
Net sales     $ 20,228         7%       $ 18,828         33%       $ 14,127    
Percentage of total net sales       12%            12%            13%    
               
U.S. stores       254            250            245    
International stores       162            140            112    
                                       
Total store count       416            390            357    
           
              
              
     2013      2012      2011   
Net sales     $ 170,910       $ 156,508       $ 108,249    
Cost of sales       106,606         87,846         64,431    
                                 
Gross margin     $ 64,304       $ 68,662       $ 43,818    
           
           
           
Gross margin percentage       37.6%         43.9%         40.5%    Table of Contents  
warranty costs; price reductions on certain product s, including iPad 2 and iPhone 4; and unfavorable i mpact from foreign exchange fluctuations.  
The gross margin percentage in 2012 was 43.9%, comp ared to 40.5% in 2011. This year-over- year increase in gross margin was largely driven 
by lower commodity and other product costs, a highe r mix of iPhone sales, and improved leverage on fix ed costs from higher net sales. The 
increase in gross margin was partially offset by th e impact of a stronger U.S. dollar. The gross margi n percentage during the first half of 2012 
was 45.9% compared to 41.4% during the second half of 2012. The primary drivers of higher gross margin  in the first half of 2012 compared to 
the second half are a higher mix of iPhone sales an d improved leverage on fixed costs from higher net sales. Additionally, gross margin in the 
second half of 2012 was also affected by the introd uction of new products with flat pricing that have higher cost structures and deliver greater 
value to customers, price reductions on certain exi sting products, higher transition costs associated with product launches, and continued 
strengthening of the U.S. dollar; partially offset by lower commodity costs.  
The Company anticipates gross margin during the fir st quarter of 2014 to be between 36.5% and 37.5%. T he foregoing statement regarding the 
Company’s expected gross margin percentage in the f irst quarter of 2014 is forward-looking and could d iffer from actual results. The Company’ s 
future gross margin can be impacted by multiple fac tors including, but not limited to those set forth above in Part I, Item 1A of this Form 10- K 
under the heading “Risk Factors” and those described in this paragraph. In general, gross margins and margins on individual products wi ll 
remain under downward pressure due to a variety of factors, including continued industry wide global p roduct pricing pressures, increased 
competition, compressed product life cycles, produc t transitions, potential increases in the cost of c omponents, and potential strengthening of the 
U.S. dollar, as well as potential increases in the costs of outside manufacturing services and a poten tial shift in the Company’ s sales mix towards 
products with lower gross margins. In response to competitive pressures, the Company e xpects it will continue to take product pricing act ions, 
which would adversely affect gross margins. Gross m argins could also be affected by the Company’ s ability to manage product quality and 
warranty costs effectively and to stimulate demand for certain of its products. Due to the Company’ s significant international operations, 
financial results can be significantly affected in the short-term by fluctuations in exchange rates.  
Operating Expenses  
Operating expenses for 2013, 2012 and 2011 are as f ollows (in millions, except for percentages):  
   
Research and Development ( “R&D”) Expense  
The growth in R&D expense was driven by an increase  in headcount and related expenses to support expan ded R&D activities. Although total 
R&D expense increased 32% and 39% in 2013 and 2012,  respectively, it remained fairly consistent as a p ercentage of net sales. The Company 
continues to believe that focused investments in R& D are critical to its future growth and competitive  position in the marketplace and are 
directly related to timely development of new and e nhanced products that are central to the Company’ s core business strategy. As such, the 
Company expects to make further investments in R&D to remain competitive.  
Selling, General and Administrative (“SG&A”) Expens e  
The growth in SG&A during 2013 was primarily due to  the Company’ s continued expansion of its Retail segment and inc reased headcount and 
related expenses, partially offset by decreased spe nding on professional  
   
33       2013      Change      2012      Change      2011   
Research and development     $ 4,475         32%       $ 3,381         39%       $ 2,429    
Percentage of total net sales       3%            2%            2%    
Selling, general and administrative     $ 10,830         8%       $ 10,040         32%       $ 7,599    
Percentage of total net sales       6%            6%            7%    
Total operating expenses     $ 15,305         14%       $ 13,421         34%       $ 10,028    
Percentage of total net sales       9%            9%            9%    Table of Contents  
services. The growth in SG&A during 2012 was primar ily due to the Company’ s continued expansion of its Retail segment, increa sed headcount 
and related expenses, higher spending on profession al services, marketing and advertising programs, an d increased variable costs associated with 
the overall growth of the Company’s net sales.  
Other Income and Expense  
Other income and expense for 2013, 2012 and 2011 ar e as follows (in millions):  
   
The year-over- year increase in other income and expense during 20 13 was due primarily to higher interest and dividen d income resulting from 
the Company’ s higher cash, cash equivalents and marketable secu rities balances and lower premium expenses on forei gn exchange contracts, 
partially offset by interest expense on debt issued  in the third quarter of 2013 and remeasurement los ses from foreign exchange rate movements. 
The overall increase in other income and expense in  2012 compared to 2011 was attributable to higher i nterest and dividend income on the 
Company’ s higher cash, cash equivalents and marketable secu rities balances, partially offset by higher premium  expenses on foreign exchange 
contracts. The weighted average interest rate earne d by the Company on its cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities was 1.03% during 
2013 and 2012 and 0.77% during 2011. The Company ha d no debt outstanding during 2012 and 2011 and acco rdingly did not incur any related 
interest expense.  
Provision for Income Taxes  
Provision for income taxes and effective tax rates for 2013, 2012 and 2011 are as follows (in millions ):  
   
The Company’ s effective tax rates for all periods differ from t he statutory federal income tax rate of 35% due pri marily to certain undistributed 
foreign earnings, a substantial portion of which was generated by subsidiaries organized in Ir eland, for which no U.S. taxes are provided because  
such earnings are intended to be indefinitely reinv ested outside the U.S.  
As of September 28, 2013, the Company had deferred tax assets arising from deductible temporary differ ences, tax losses, and tax credits of $4.2 
billion, and deferred tax liabilities of $16.5 bill ion. Management believes it is more likely than not  that forecasted income, including income that 
may be generated as a result of certain tax plannin g strategies, together with future reversals of exi sting taxable temporary differences, will be 
sufficient to fully recover the deferred tax assets . The Company will continue to evaluate the realiza bility of deferred tax assets quarterly by 
assessing the need for and amount of a valuation al lowance.  
The Internal Revenue Service (the “IRS”) has comple ted its field audit of the Company’ s federal income tax returns for the years 2004 thr ough 
2006 and proposed certain adjustments. The Company has contested certain of these adjustments through the IRS Appeals Office. The IRS is 
currently examining the years 2007 through 2012. Al l IRS audit issues for years prior to 2004 have bee n resolved. In addition, the Company is 
subject to audits by state, local, and foreign tax authorities. Management believes that adequate prov isions have been made for any  
   
34       2013     Change      2012     Change      2011   
Interest and dividend income     $ 1,616         $ 1,088         $ 519    
Interest expense       (136 )         0           0    
Other expense, net       (324 )         (566 )         (104 )  
                                     
Total other income/(expense), net     $ 1,156        121%       $ 522        26%       $    415    
           
             
             
     2013      2012      2011   
Provision for income taxes     $ 13,118       $ 14,030       $   8,283    
Effective tax rate       26.2%         25.2%         24.2%    Table of Contents  
adjustments that may result from tax examinations. However, the outcome of tax audits cannot be predic ted with certainty. If any issues 
addressed in the Company’s tax audits are resolved in a manner not consistent with management’ s expectations, the Company could be required 
to adjust its provision for income taxes in the per iod such resolution occurs.  
Liquidity and Capital Resources  
The following table presents selected financial inf ormation and statistics as of and for the years end ed September 28, 2013, September 29, 2012 
and September 24, 2011 (in millions):  
   
The Company believes its existing balances of cash,  cash equivalents and marketable securities will be  sufficient to satisfy its working capital 
needs, capital asset purchases, outstanding commitm ents, and other liquidity requirements associated w ith its existing operations over the next 
12 months. The Company anticipates the cash used fo r future dividends and the share repurchase program  will come from its current domestic 
cash, cash generated from on-going U.S. operating a ctivities and from borrowings.  
As of September 28, 2013 and September 29, 2012, $1 11.3 billion and $82.6 billion, respectively, of th e Company’ s cash, cash equivalents and 
marketable securities were held by foreign subsidia ries and are generally based in U.S. dollar-denomin ated holdings. Amounts held by foreign 
subsidiaries are generally subject to U.S. income t axation on repatriation to the U.S. The Company’ s marketable securities investment portfolio 
is invested primarily in highly- rated securities and its investment policy generall y limits the amount of credit exposure to any one i ssuer. The 
policy requires investments generally to be investm ent grade with the objective of minimizing the pote ntial risk of principal loss.  
During 2013, cash generated from operating activiti es of $53.7 billion was a result of $37.0 billion o f net income, non- cash adjustments to net 
income of $10.2 billion and an increase in net chan ge in operating assets and liabilities of $6.5 bill ion. Cash used in investing activities of $33.8 
billion during 2013 consisted primarily of net purc hases, sales and maturities of marketable securitie s of $24.0 billion and cash used to acquire 
property, plant and equipment of $8.2 billion. Cash  used in financing activities during 2013 consisted  primarily of cash used to repurchase 
common stock of $22.9 billion and cash used to pay dividends and dividend equivalent rights of $10.6 b illion, partially offset by net proceeds 
from the issuance of long-term debt of $16.9 billio n.  
During 2012, cash generated from operating activiti es of $50.9 billion was a result of $41.7 billion o f net income and non- cash adjustments to 
net income of $9.4 billion, partially offset by a d ecrease in net operating assets and liabilities of $299 million. Cash used in investing activities 
during 2012 of $48.2 billion consisted primarily of  net purchases, sales and maturities of marketable securities of $38.4 billion and cash used to 
acquire property, plant and equipment of $8.3 billi on. Cash used in financing activities during 2012 o f $1.7 billion consisted primarily of cash 
used to pay dividends and dividend equivalent right s of $2.5 billion.  
Capital Assets  
The Company’ s capital expenditures were $7.0 billion during 201 3, consisting of $499 million for retail store faci lities and $6.5 billion for other 
capital expenditures, including product tooling and  manufacturing process equipment, and other corpora te facilities and infrastructure. The 
Company’s actual cash payments for capital expendit ures during 2013 were $8.2 billion.  
   
35       2013     2012     2011   
Cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities     $ 146,761      $ 121,251      $ 81,570    
Property, plant and equipment, net     $ 16,597      $ 15,452      $ 7,777    
Long -term debt     $ 16,960      $ 0      $ 0    
Working capital     $ 29,628      $ 19,111      $ 17,018    
Cash generated by operating activities     $ 53,666      $ 50,856      $ 37,529    
Cash used in investing activities     $ (33,774 )    $ (48,227 )    $ (40,419 )  
Cash generated/(used in) by financing activities     $ (16,379 )    $ (1,698 )    $ 1,444    Table of Contents  
The Company anticipates utilizing approximately $11 .0 billion for capital expenditures during 2014, in cluding approximately $550 million for 
retail store facilities and approximately $10.5 bil lion for other capital expenditures, including prod uct tooling and manufacturing process 
equipment, and corporate facilities and infrastruct ure, including information systems hardware, softwa re and enhancements.  
During 2014, the Company expects to open about 30 n ew retail stores, with approximately two- thirds located outside of the U.S. During 2014, 
the Company also expects to remodel approximately 2 0 of its existing stores.  
Long -Term Debt  
In the third quarter of 2013, the Company issued $1 7.0 billion of long-term debt, which included $3.0 billion of floating- rate notes. To manage 
the risk of adverse fluctuations in interest rates associated with the floating- rate notes, the Company entered into interest rate swaps with an 
aggregate notional amount of $3.0 billion, which, i n effect, fixed the interest rate of the floating- rate notes. Of the aggregate principal amount of 
$17.0 billion, $2.5 billion is due in 2016 and $14. 5 billion is due in 2018 through 2043.  
Dividend and Stock Repurchase Program  
In the third quarter of 2013, the Company raised it s cash dividend by 15% to $3.05 per common share. T he Company expects to continue to pay 
quarterly dividends of $3.05 per common share each quarter, subject to declaration by the Board of Dir ectors.  
In 2012, the Company’s Board of Directors authorize d a program to repurchase up to $10 billion of the Company’ s common stock. In April 
2013, the Company’ s Board of Directors increased the share repurchase  program authorization from $10 billion to $60 bill ion, of which $23.0 
billion had been utilized as of September 28, 2013.  The share repurchase program is expected to be com pleted by December 2015. The 
Company’ s share repurchase program does not obligate it to acquire any specific number of shares. Under the pr ogram, shares may be 
repurchased in privately negotiated or open market transactions, including under plans complying with Rule 10b5-1 of the Exchange Act.  
Beginning in August 2012 through December 2015, the  Company anticipates it will utilize approximately $100 billion to pay dividends and 
dividend equivalent rights, repurchase shares, and remit withheld taxes related to net share settlemen t of restricted stock units, of which $37.1 
billion had been utilized through September 28, 201 3. The following table presents the Company’ s dividends, share repurchases and net share 
settlement activity for 2013 and 2012 since the sta rt of the program (in millions):  
   
Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements and Contractual Obli gations  
The Company has not entered into any transactions w ith unconsolidated entities whereby the Company has  financial guarantees, subordinated 
retained interests, derivative instruments, or othe r contingent arrangements that expose the Company t o material continuing risks, contingent 
liabilities, or any other obligation under a variab le interest in an unconsolidated entity that provid es financing, liquidity, market risk, or credit 
risk support to the Company.  
   
36       Dividends 
and  
Dividend  
Equivalent 
 
Rights  
Paid      Accelerated 
Share  
Repurchases      Open  
Market  
Share  
Repurchases      Taxes  
Related to 
 
Settlement 
 
of Equity  
Awards      Total   
2012     $ 2,488       $ 0       $ 0       $ 56       $ 2,544    
2013       10,564         13,950         9,000         1,082         34,596    
                                                       
Total     $ 13,052       $ 13,950       $   9,000       $   1,138       $ 37,140    
           
           
           
           
           Table of Contents  
The following table presents certain payments due b y the Company under contractual obligations with mi nimum firm commitments as of 
September 28, 2013 and excludes amounts already rec orded on the Consolidated Balance Sheet, except for  long-term debt (in millions):  
   
Lease Commitments  
The Company’ s major facility leases are typically for terms not  exceeding 10 years and generally provide renewal o ptions for terms not 
exceeding five additional years. Leases for retail space are for terms ranging from five to 20 years, the majority of which are for 10 years, and 
often contain multi-year renewal options. As of Sep tember 28, 2013, the Company’ s total future minimum lease payments under noncanc elable 
operating leases were $4.7 billion, of which $3.5 b illion related to leases for retail space.  
Purchase Commitments with Outsourcing Partners and Component Suppliers  
The Company utilizes several outsourcing partners t o manufacture sub-assemblies for the Company’ s products and to perform final assembly 
and testing of finished products. These outsourcing  partners acquire components and build product base d on demand information supplied by the 
Company, which typically covers periods up to 150 d ays. The Company also obtains individual components  for its products from a wide variety 
of individual suppliers. Consistent with industry p ractice, the Company acquires components through a combination of purchase orders, supplier 
contracts, and open orders based on projected deman d information. Where appropriate, the purchases are  applied to inventory component 
prepayments that are outstanding with the respectiv e supplier. As of September 28, 2013, the Company h ad outstanding off-balance sheet third-
party manufacturing commitments and component purch ase commitments of $18.6 billion.  
Other Obligations  
In addition to the off- balance sheet commitments mentioned above, the Comp any had outstanding obligations of $1.3 billion as of September 28, 
2013, that consisted mainly of commitments to acqui re capital assets, including product tooling and ma nufacturing process equipment, and 
commitments related to advertising, research and de velopment, Internet and telecommunications services  and other obligations.  
The Company’s other non- current liabilities in the Consolidated Balance She ets consist primarily of deferred tax liabilities, gross unrecognized 
tax benefits and the related gross interest and pen alties. As of September 28, 2013, the Company had n on-current deferred tax liabilities of $16.5 
billion. Additionally, as of September 28, 2013, th e Company had gross unrecognized tax benefits of $2 .7 billion and an additional $590 million 
for gross interest and penalties classified as non- current liabilities. At this time, the Company is u nable to make a reasonably reliable estimate of 
the timing of payments in individual years in conne ction with these tax liabilities; therefore, such a mounts are not included in the above 
contractual obligation table.  
Indemnification  
The Company generally does not indemnify end- users of its operating system and application softw are against legal claims that the software 
infringes third-party intellectual property rights.  Other agreements entered into by  
   
37       Payments 
 
Due in  
Less  
Than 1  
Year      Payments 
 
Due in  
1-3  
Years      Payments 
 
Due in  
4-5  
Years      Payments 
 
Due in  
More  
Than 5  
Years      Total   
Long-term debt     $ 0       $ 2,500       $ 6,000       $ 8,500       $ 17,000    
Operating leases       610         1,200         1,056         1,855         4,721    
Purchase obligations       18,616         0         0         0         18,616    
Other obligations       1,081         248         16         3         1,348    
                                                       
Total     $ 20,307       $   3,948       $   7,072       $ 10,358       $ 41,685    
           
           
           
           
           Table of Contents  
the Company sometimes include indemnification provi sions under which the Company could be subject to c osts and/or damages in the event of 
an infringement claim against the Company or an ind emnified third- party. However, the Company has not been required t o make any significant 
payments resulting from such an infringement claim asserted against it or an indemnified third- party. In the opinion of management, there was 
not at least a reasonable possibility the Company m ay have incurred a material loss with respect to in demnification of end- users of its operating 
system or application software for infringement of third-party intellectual property rights. The Company did  not record a liability for 
infringement costs related to indemnification as of  September 28, 2013 or September 29, 2012.  
The Company has entered into indemnification agreem ents with its directors and executive officers. Und er these agreements, the Company has 
agreed to indemnify such individuals to the fullest  extent permitted by law against liabilities that a rise by reason of their status as directors or 
officers and to advance expenses incurred by such i ndividuals in connection with related legal proceed ings. It is not possible to determine the 
maximum potential amount of payments the Company co uld be required to make under these agreements due to the limited history of prior 
indemnification claims and the unique facts and cir cumstances involved in each claim. However, the Com pany maintains directors and officers 
liability insurance coverage to reduce its exposure  to such obligations, and payments made under these  agreements historically have not been 
material.  
Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates  
The preparation of financial statements and related  disclosures in conformity with U.S. generally acce pted accounting principles (“GAAP”) and 
the Company’s discussion and analysis of its financ ial condition and operating results require the Com pany’s management to make judgments, 
assumptions, and estimates that affect the amounts reported in its consolidated financial statements a nd accompanying notes. Note 1, “ Summary 
of Significant Accounting Policies” of the Notes to  Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II, Item  8 of this Form 10- K describes the 
significant accounting policies and methods used in  the preparation of the Company’ s consolidated financial statements. Management bas es its 
estimates on historical experience and on various o ther assumptions it believes to be reasonable under  the circumstances, the results of which 
form the basis for making judgments about the carry ing values of assets and liabilities. Actual result s may differ from these estimates and such 
differences may be material.  
Management believes the Company’ s critical accounting policies and estimates are th ose related to revenue recognition, valuation and 
impairment of marketable securities, inventory valu ation and valuation of manufacturing- related assets and estimated purchase commitment 
cancellation fees, warranty costs, income taxes, an d legal and other contingencies. Management conside rs these policies critical because they are 
both important to the portrayal of the Company’ s financial condition and operating results, and th ey require management to make judgments and 
estimates about inherently uncertain matters. The C ompany’s senior management has reviewed these critical acc ounting policies and related 
disclosures with the Audit and Finance Committee of  the Company’s Board of Directors.  
Revenue Recognition  
Net sales consist primarily of revenue from the sal e of hardware, software, digital content and applic ations, peripherals, and service and support 
contracts. The Company recognizes revenue when pers uasive evidence of an arrangement exists, delivery has occurred, the sales price is fixed or 
determinable, and collection is probable. Product i s considered delivered to the customer once it has been shipped and title and risk of loss have 
been transferred. For most of the Company’ s product sales, these criteria are met at the time  the product is shipped. For online sales to 
individuals, for some sales to education customers in the U.S., and for certain other sales, the Compa ny defers revenue until the customer 
receives the product because the Company retains a portion of the risk of loss on these sales during t ransit. The Company recognizes revenue 
from the sale of hardware products, software bundle d with hardware that is essential to the functional ity of the hardware, and third- party digital 
content sold on the iTunes Store in accordance with  general revenue recognition accounting guidance. T he  
   
38  Table of Contents  
Company recognizes revenue in accordance with indus try specific software accounting guidance for the f ollowing types of sales transactions: 
(i) standalone sales of software products, (ii) sal es of software upgrades and (iii) sales of software  bundled with hardware not essential to the 
functionality of the hardware.  
For multi-element arrangements that include hardwar e products containing software essential to the har dware product’ s functionality, 
undelivered software elements that relate to the ha rdware product’s essential software, and/or undeliv ered non- software services, the Company 
allocates revenue to all deliverables based on thei r relative selling prices. In such circumstances, t he Company uses a hierarchy to determine the 
selling price to be used for allocating revenue to deliverables: (i) vendor-specific objective evidenc e of fair value (“VSOE”), (ii) third- party 
evidence of selling price (“TPE”) and (iii) best es timate of selling price (“ESP”). VSOE generally exists only when the Company sells t he 
deliverable separately and is the price actually ch arged by the Company for that deliverable. ESPs ref lect the Company’ s best estimates of what 
the selling prices of elements would be if they wer e sold regularly on a stand-alone basis.  
For sales of qualifying versions of iOS devices, Ma c and Apple TV, the Company has indicated it may fr om time to time provide future 
unspecified software upgrades and features free of charge to customers. The Company also provides vari ous non-software services to owners of 
qualifying versions of iOS devices and Mac. Because  the Company has neither VSOE nor TPE for the unspe cified software upgrade rights or the 
non-software services, revenue is allocated to thes e rights and services based on the Company’ s ESPs. Revenue allocated to the unspecified 
software upgrade rights and non-software services b ased on the Company’s ESPs is deferred and recogniz ed on a straight- line basis over the 
estimated period the software upgrades and non- software services are expected to be provided for e ach of these devices, which ranges from two 
to four years.  
The Company’s process for determining ESPs involves  management’ s judgment and considers multiple factors that may vary over time 
depending upon the unique facts and circumstances r elated to each deliverable. Should future facts and  circumstances change, the Company’ s 
ESPs and the future rate of related amortization fo r software upgrades and non- software services related to future sales of these devices could 
change. Factors subject to change include the unspe cified software upgrade rights offered, the estimat ed value of unspecified software upgrade 
rights, the estimated or actual costs incurred to p rovide non-software services, and the estimated per iod software upgrades and non- software 
services are expected to be provided.  
The Company records reductions to revenue for estim ated commitments related to price protection and ot her customer incentive programs. For 
transactions involving price protection, the Compan y recognizes revenue net of the estimated amount to  be refunded, provided the refund 
amount can be reasonably and reliably estimated and  the other conditions for revenue recognition have been met. The Company’ s policy requires 
that, if refunds cannot be reliably estimated, reve nue is not recognized until reliable estimates can be made or the price protection lapses. For the 
Company’ s other customer incentive programs, the estimated cost is recognized at the later of the date at whic h the Company has sold the 
product or the date at which the program is offered . The Company also records reductions to revenue fo r expected future product returns based 
on the Company’ s historical experience. Future market conditions a nd product transitions may require the Company to i ncrease customer 
incentive programs that could result in reductions to future revenue. Additionally, certain customer i ncentive programs require management to 
estimate the number of customers who will actually redeem the incentive. Management’ s estimates are based on historical experience and the 
specific terms and conditions of particular incenti ve programs. If a greater than estimated proportion  of customers redeems such incentives, the 
Company would be required to record additional redu ctions to revenue, which would have an adverse impa ct on the Company’ s results of 
operations.  
Valuation and Impairment of Marketable Securities  
The Company’s investments in available-for- sale securities are reported at fair value. Unreali zed gains and losses related to changes in the fair  
value of securities are recognized in accumulated o ther comprehensive income, net of tax, in the Compa ny’s Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
Changes in the fair value of available-for-sale sec urities  
   
39  Table of Contents  
impact the Company’s net income only when such secu rities are sold or an other-than- temporary impairment is recognized. Realized gains and 
losses on the sale of securities are determined by specific identification of each security’ s cost basis. The Company regularly reviews its 
investment portfolio to determine if any security i s other-than- temporarily impaired, which would require the Compa ny to record an impairment 
charge in the period any such determination is made . In making this judgment, the Company evaluates, a mong other things, the duration and 
extent to which the fair value of a security is les s than its cost; the financial condition of the iss uer and any changes thereto; and the Company’ s 
intent to sell, or whether it will more likely than  not be required to sell, the security before recov ery of its amortized cost basis. The Company’ s 
assessment on whether a security is other-than- temporarily impaired could change in the future due  to new developments or changes in 
assumptions related to any particular security.  
Inventory Valuation and Valuation of Manufacturing -Related Assets and Estimated Purchase Commitment C ancellation Fees  
The Company must order components for its products and build inventory in advance of product shipments  and has invested in manufacturing 
process equipment, including capital assets held at  its suppliers’ facilities. In addition, the Company has made prepa yments to certain of its 
suppliers associated with long-term supply agreemen ts to secure supply of inventory components. The Co mpany records a write- down for 
inventories of components and products, including t hird-party products held for resale, which have become o bsolete or are in excess of 
anticipated demand or net realizable value. The Com pany performs a detailed review of inventory that c onsiders multiple factors including 
demand forecasts, product life cycle status, produc t development plans, current sales levels, and comp onent cost trends. The Company also 
reviews its manufacturing- related capital assets and inventory prepayments fo r impairment whenever events or circumstances indic ate the 
carrying amount of such assets may not be recoverab le. If the Company determines that an asset is not recoverable, it records an impairment loss 
equal to the amount by which the carrying value of such an asset exceeds its fair value.  
The industries in which the Company competes are su bject to a rapid and unpredictable pace of product and component obsolescence and 
demand changes. In certain circumstances the Compan y may be required to record additional write- downs of inventory, inventory prepayments 
and/or manufacturing-related capital assets. These circumstances include future demand or market condi tions for the Company’ s products being 
less favorable than forecasted, unforeseen technolo gical changes or changes to the Company’ s product development plans that negatively impact 
the utility of any of these assets, or significant deterioration in the financial condition of one or more of the Company’ s suppliers that hold any of 
the Company’s manufacturing process equipment or to  whom the Company has made an inventory prepayment.  Such write- downs would 
adversely affect the Company’s results of operation s in the period when the write-downs were recorded.   
The Company records accruals for estimated cancella tion fees related to component orders that have bee n cancelled or are expected to be 
cancelled. Consistent with industry practice, the C ompany acquires components through a combination of  purchase orders, supplier contracts, 
and open orders in each case based on projected dem and. Where appropriate, the purchases are applied t o inventory component prepayments that 
are outstanding with the respective supplier. Purch ase commitments typically cover the Company’ s forecasted component and manufacturing 
requirements for periods up to 150 days. If there i s an abrupt and substantial decline in demand for o ne or more of the Company’ s products, if 
the Company’s product development plans change, or if there is an unanticipated change in technologica l requirements for any of the Company’ s 
products, then the Company may be required to recor d additional accruals for cancellation fees that wo uld adversely affect its results of 
operations in the period when the cancellation fees  are identified and recorded.  
Warranty Costs  
The Company provides for the estimated cost of warr anties at the time the related revenue is recognize d based on historical and projected 
warranty claim rates, historical and projected cost -per-claim, and knowledge of specific product failu res that are outside of the Company’ s 
typical experience. Each quarter, the Company reeva luates  
   
40  Table of Contents  
these estimates to assess the adequacy of its recor ded warranty liabilities considering the size of th e installed base of products subject to warranty 
protection and adjusts the amounts as necessary. If  actual product failure rates or repair costs diffe r from estimates, revisions to the estimated 
warranty liabilities would be required and could ma terially affect the Company’s results of operations .  
Income Taxes  
The Company records a tax provision for the anticip ated tax consequences of the reported results of op erations. The provision for income taxes 
is computed using the asset and liability method, u nder which deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the expected future tax 
consequences of temporary differences between the f inancial reporting and tax bases of assets and liab ilities, and for operating losses and tax 
credit carryforwards. Deferred tax assets and liabi lities are measured using the currently enacted tax  rates that apply to taxable income in effect 
for the years in which those tax assets are expecte d to be realized or settled. The Company records a valuation allowance to reduce deferred tax 
assets to the amount that is believed more likely t han not to be realized.  
The Company recognizes tax benefits from uncertain tax positions only if it is more likely than not th at the tax position will be sustained on 
examination by the taxing authorities, based on the  technical merits of the position. The tax benefits  recognized in the financial statements from 
such positions are then measured based on the large st benefit that has a greater than 50% likelihood o f being realized upon ultimate settlement.  
Management believes it is more likely than not that  forecasted income, including income that may be ge nerated as a result of certain tax planning 
strategies, together with future reversals of exist ing taxable temporary differences, will be sufficie nt to fully recover the deferred tax assets. In 
the event that the Company determines all or part o f the net deferred tax assets are not realizable in  the future, the Company will make an 
adjustment to the valuation allowance that would be  charged to earnings in the period such determinati on is made. In addition, the calculation of 
tax liabilities involves significant judgment in es timating the impact of uncertainties in the applica tion of GAAP and complex tax laws. 
Resolution of these uncertainties in a manner incon sistent with management’s expectations could have a  material impact on the Company’ s 
financial condition and operating results.  
Legal and Other Contingencies  
As discussed in Part I, Item 3 of this Form 10-K un der the heading “Legal Proceedings” and in Part II,  Item 8 of this Form 10- K in the Notes to 
Consolidated Financial Statements in Note 10, “Comm itments and Contingencies,” the Company is subject to various legal proceedings  and 
claims that arise in the ordinary course of busines s. The Company records a liability when it is proba ble that a loss has been incurred and the 
amount is reasonably estimable. There is significan t judgment required in both the probability determi nation and as to whether an exposure can 
be reasonably estimated. In the opinion of manageme nt, there was not at least a reasonable possibility  the Company may have incurred a 
material loss, or a material loss in excess of a re corded accrual, with respect to loss contingencies for legal and other contingencies. However, the 
outcome of legal proceedings and claims brought aga inst the Company is subject to significant uncertai nty. Therefore, although management 
considers the likelihood of such an outcome to be r emote, if one or more of these legal matters were r esolved against the Company in a reporting 
period for amounts in excess of management’s expect ations, the Company’ s consolidated financial statements for that report ing period could be 
materially adversely affected.  
   
41  Table of Contents  
Interest Rate and Foreign Currency Risk Management  
The Company regularly reviews its foreign exchange forward and option positions and interest rate swap s, both on a stand-alone basis and in 
conjunction with its underlying foreign currency an d interest rate related exposures. Given the effect ive horizons of the Company’ s risk 
management activities and the anticipatory nature o f the exposures, there can be no assurance these po sitions will offset more than a portion of 
the financial impact resulting from movements in ei ther foreign exchange or interest rates. Further, t he recognition of the gains and losses related 
to these instruments may not coincide with the timi ng of gains and losses related to the underlying ec onomic exposures and, therefore, may 
adversely affect the Company’s financial condition and operating results.  
Interest Rate Risk  
Investments  
While the Company is exposed to interest rate fluct uations in many of the world’s leading industrializ ed countries, the Company’ s interest 
income is most sensitive to fluctuations in U.S. in terest rates. Changes in U.S. interest rates affect  the interest earned on the Company’ s cash, 
cash equivalents and marketable securities, the fai r value of those securities, as well as costs assoc iated with hedging.  
The Company’ s investment policy and strategy are focused on pre servation of capital and supporting the liquidity r equirements of the Company. 
A portion of the Company’s cash is managed by exter nal managers within the guidelines of the Company’ s investment policy and to objective 
market benchmarks. The Company’s internal portfolio  is benchmarked against external manager performanc e.  
The Company’s exposure to changes in interest rates  relates primarily to the Company’ s investment portfolio. The Company typically inves ts in 
highly-rated securities, and its investment policy general ly limits the amount of credit exposure to any one issuer. The policy requires 
investments generally to be investment grade, with the primary objective of minimizing the potential r isk of principal loss.  
To provide a meaningful assessment of the interest rate risk associated with the Company’ s investment portfolio, the Company performed a 
sensitivity analysis to determine the impact a chan ge in interest rates would have on the value of the  investment portfolio assuming a 100 basis 
point parallel shift in the yield curve. Based on i nvestment positions as of September 28, 2013, a hyp othetical 100 basis point increase in interest 
rates across all maturities would result in a $2.7 billion incremental decline in the fair market valu e of the portfolio. As of September 29, 2012, a 
similar 100 basis point increase in the yield curve  would have resulted in a $2.1 billion incremental decline in the fair market value of the 
portfolio. Such losses would only be realized if th e Company sold the investments prior to maturity.  
Long -Term Debt  
In the third quarter of 2013, the Company issued $1 7.0 billion of long-term debt, which included $3.0 billion of floating- rate notes. To manage 
the risk of fluctuations in interest rates associat ed with the floating- rate notes, the Company entered into interest rate swaps with an aggregate 
notional amount of $3.0 billion, which, in effect, fixed the interest rate of the floating-rate notes.   
Foreign Currency Risk  
In general, the Company is a net receiver of curren cies other than the U.S. dollar. Accordingly, chang es in exchange rates, and in particular a 
strengthening of the U.S. dollar, will negatively a ffect the Company’ s net sales and gross margins as expressed in U.S. dollars. There is a risk 
that the Company will have to adjust local  
   
42  Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Mark et Risk Table of Contents  
currency product pricing due to competitive pressur es when there have been significant volatility in f oreign currency exchange rates.  
The Company may enter into foreign currency forward  and option contracts with financial institutions t o protect against foreign exchange risks 
associated with certain existing assets and liabili ties, certain firmly committed transactions, foreca sted future cash flows, and net investments in 
foreign subsidiaries. The Company’ s practice is to hedge a portion of its material fo reign exchange exposures, typically for up to 12 mo nths. 
However, the Company may choose not to hedge certai n foreign exchange exposures for a variety of reaso ns, including but not limited to 
accounting considerations and the prohibitive econo mic cost of hedging particular exposures.  
To provide a meaningful assessment of the foreign c urrency risk associated with certain of the Company ’s foreign currency derivative positions, 
the Company performed a sensitivity analysis using a value-at-risk (“VAR”) model to assess the potential impact of fluctuation s in exchange 
rates. The VAR model consisted of using a Monte Car lo simulation to generate thousands of random marke t price paths assuming normal market 
conditions. The VAR is the maximum expected loss in  fair value, for a given confidence interval, to th e Company’ s foreign currency derivative 
positions due to adverse movements in rates. The VA R model is not intended to represent actual losses but is used as a risk estimation and 
management tool. The model assumes normal market co nditions. Forecasted transactions, firm commitments , and assets and liabilities 
denominated in foreign currencies were excluded fro m the model. Based on the results of the model, the  Company estimates with 95% 
confidence a maximum one-day loss in fair value of $201 million as of September 28, 2013 compared to a  maximum one- day loss in fair value 
of $200 million as of September 29, 2012. Because t he Company uses foreign currency instruments for he dging purposes, the loss in fair value 
incurred on those instruments are generally offset by increases in the fair value of the underlying ex posures.  
Actual future gains and losses associated with the Company’ s investment portfolio and derivative positions may  differ materially from the 
sensitivity analyses performed as of September 28, 2013 due to the inherent limitations associated wit h predicting the timing and amount of 
changes in interest rates, foreign currency exchang es rates and the Company’s actual exposures and pos itions.  
   
43  Table of Contents  
   
All financial statement schedules have been omitted , since the required information is not applicable or is not present in amounts sufficient to 
require submission of the schedule, or because the information required is included in the consolidate d financial statements and notes thereto.  
   
44  Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
Index to Consolidated Financial Statements    Page   
Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years  ended September 28, 2013, September  29, 2012, and  September 24, 2011       45    
Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for  the years ended September  28, 2013, September 29,  2012, and September 24, 
2011       46    
Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 28, 201 3 and September 29, 2012       47    
Consolidated Statements of Shareholders’ Equity for  the years ended September 28, 2013,  September 29,  2012, and September 24, 
2011       48    
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years  ended September 28, 2013, September  29, 2012, and  September 24, 2011       49    
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements       50    
Selected Quarterly Financial Information (Unaudited )       78    
Reports of Ernst & Young LLP, Independent Registere d Public Accounting Firm       79    Table of Contents  
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS  
(In millions, except number of shares which are ref lected in thousands and per share amounts)  
   
See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial St atements.  
   
45       Years ended   
     September 28, 2013      September 29, 2012      September 24, 2011   
Net sales     $ 170,910       $ 156,508       $ 108,249    
Cost of sales       106,606         87,846         64,431    
                                 
Gross margin       64,304         68,662         43,818    
                                 
Operating expenses:           
Research and development       4,475         3,381         2,429    
Selling, general and administrative       10,830         10,040         7,599    
                                 
Total operating expenses       15,305         13,421         10,028    
                                 
Operating income       48,999         55,241         33,790    
Other income/(expense), net       1,156         522         415    
                                 
Income before provision for income taxes       50,155         55,763         34,205    
Provision for income taxes       13,118         14,030         8,283    
                                 
Net income     $ 37,037       $ 41,733       $ 25,922    
           
           
           
Earnings per share:           
Basic     $ 40.03       $ 44.64       $ 28.05    
Diluted     $ 39.75       $ 44.15       $ 27.68    
Shares used in computing earnings per share:           
Basic       925,331         934,818         924,258    
Diluted       931,662         945,355         936,645    
Cash dividends declared per common share     $ 11.40       $ 2.65       $ 0.00    Table of Contents  
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME  
(In millions)  
   
See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial St atements.  
   
46      Years ended   
    September  28, 
2013     September  29, 
2012     September  24, 
2011   
Net income    $ 37,037      $ 41,733      $ 25,922    
                              
Other comprehensive income/(loss):    
Change in foreign currency translation, net of tax effects of $35, $13 and $18, respectively      (112 )      (15 )      (12 )  
                              
Change in unrecognized gains/losses on derivative i nstruments:    
Change in fair value of derivatives, net of tax ben efit/(expense) of $(351), $73 and $(50), 
respectively      522        (131 )      92    
Adjustment for net losses/(gains) realized and incl uded in net income, net of tax expense/ 
(benefit) of $255, $220 and $(250), respectively      (458 )      (399 )      450    
                              
Total change in unrecognized gains/losses on deriva tive instruments, net of tax      64        (530 )      542    
                              
Change in unrealized gains/losses on marketable sec urities:    
Change in fair value of marketable securities, net of tax benefit/(expense) of $458, $(421) and 
$17, respectively      (791 )      715        29    
Adjustment for net losses/(gains) realized and incl uded in net income, net of tax expense/ 
(benefit) of $82, $68 and $(40), respectively      (131 )      (114 )      (70 )  
                              
Total change in unrealized gains/losses on marketab le securities, net of tax      (922 )      601        (41 )  
                              
Total other comprehensive income/(loss)      (970 )      56        489    
                              
Total comprehensive income    $ 36,067      $ 41,789      $ 26,411    
          
          
          Table of Contents  
CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS  
(In millions, except number of shares which are ref lected in thousands)  
   
See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial St atements.  
   
47       September 28, 2013     September 29, 2012   
ASSETS:      
Current assets:       
Cash and cash equivalents     $ 14,259      $ 10,746    
Short -term marketable securities       26,287        18,383    
Accounts receivable, less allowances of $99 and $98 , respectively       13,102        10,930    
Inventories       1,764        791    
Deferred tax assets       3,453        2,583    
Vendor non -trade receivables       7,539        7,762    
Other current assets       6,882        6,458    
                     
Total current assets       73,286        57,653    
Long -term marketable securities       106,215        92,122    
Property, plant and equipment, net       16,597        15,452    
Goodwill       1,577        1,135    
Acquired intangible assets, net       4,179        4,224    
Other assets       5,146        5,478    
                     
Total assets     $ 207,000      $ 176,064    
           
          
LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS ’ EQUITY:      
Current liabilities:       
Accounts payable     $ 22,367      $ 21,175    
Accrued expenses       13,856        11,414    
Deferred revenue       7,435        5,953    
                     
Total current liabilities       43,658        38,542    
Deferred revenue – non -current       2,625        2,648    
Long -term debt       16,960        0    
Other non -current liabilities       20,208        16,664    
                     
Total liabilities       83,451        57,854    
                     
Commitments and contingencies       
Shareholders ’ equity:       
Common stock, no par value; 1,800,000 shares author ized; 899,213 and 939,208 
shares issued and outstanding, respectively       19,764        16,422    
Retained earnings       104,256        101,289    
Accumulated other comprehensive income/(loss)       (471 )      499    
                     
Total shareholders ’ equity       123,549        118,210    
                     
Total liabilities and shareholders ’ equity     $ 207,000      $ 176,064    
           
          Table of Contents  
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY  
(In millions, except number of shares which are ref lected in thousands)  
   
See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial St atements.  
   
48          
   
   
Common Stock      
Retained  
Earnings     Accum - 
ulated  
Other  
Compre-
hensive  
Income/ 
(Loss)     
Total  
Share-  
holders’  
Equity            
         
     Shares     Amount         
Balances as of September 25, 2010       915,970      $ 10,668      $ 37,169      $ (46 )    $ 47,791    
                                                   
Net income       0        0        25,922        0        25,922    
Other comprehensive income/(loss)       0        0        0        489        489    
Share -based compensation       0        1,168        0        0        1,168    
Common stock issued under stock plans, net of share s withheld for 
employee taxes       13,307        561        (250 )      0        311    
Tax benefit from equity awards, including transfer pricing adjustments       0        934        0        0        934    
                                                   
Balances as of September 24, 2011       929,277        13,331        62,841        443        76,615    
                                                   
Net income       0        0        41,733        0        41,733    
Other comprehensive income/(loss)       0        0        0        56        56    
Dividends and dividend equivalent rights declared       0        0        (2,523 )      0        (2,523 )  
Share -based compensation       0        1,740        0        0        1,740    
Common stock issued under stock plans, net of share s withheld for 
employee taxes       9,931        200        (762 )      0        (562 )  
Tax benefit from equity awards, including transfer pricing adjustments       0        1,151        0        0        1,151    
                                                   
Balances as of September 29, 2012       939,208        16,422        101,289        499        118,210    
                                                   
Net income       0        0        37,037        0        37,037    
Other comprehensive income/(loss)       0        0        0        (970 )      (970 )  
Dividends and dividend equivalent rights declared       0        0        (10,676 )      0        (10,676 )  
Repurchase of common stock       (46,976 )      0        (22,950 )      0        (22,950 )  
Share -based compensation       0        2,253        0        0        2,253    
Common stock issued under stock plans, net of share s withheld for 
employee taxes       6,981        (143 )      (444 )      0        (587 )  
Tax benefit from equity awards, including transfer pricing adjustments       0        1,232        0        0        1,232    
                                                   
Balances as of September 28, 2013       899,213      $ 19,764      $ 104,256      $ (471 )    $ 123,549    
           
          
          
          
          Table of Contents  
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS  
(In millions)  
   
See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial St atements.  
   
49       Years ended   
     September  28, 
2013     September  29, 
2012     September  24, 
2011   
Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of the year     $ 10,746      $ 9,815      $ 11,261    
                               
Operating activities:         
Net income       37,037        41,733        25,922    
Adjustments to reconcile net income to cash generat ed by operating activities:         
Depreciation and amortization       6,757        3,277        1,814    
Share -based compensation expense       2,253        1,740        1,168    
Deferred income tax expense       1,141        4,405        2,868    
Changes in operating assets and liabilities:         
Accounts receivable, net       (2,172 )      (5,551 )      143    
Inventories       (973 )      (15 )      275    
Vendor non -trade receivables       223        (1,414 )      (1,934 )  
Other current and non -current assets       1,080        (3,162 )      (1,391 )  
Accounts payable       2,340        4,467        2,515    
Deferred revenue       1,459        2,824        1,654    
Other current and non -current liabilities       4,521        2,552        4,495    
                               
Cash generated by operating activities       53,666        50,856        37,529    
                               
Investing activities:         
Purchases of marketable securities       (148,489 )      (151,232 )      (102,317 )  
Proceeds from maturities of marketable securities       20,317        13,035        20,437    
Proceeds from sales of marketable securities       104,130        99,770        49,416    
Payments made in connection with business acquisiti ons, net       (496 )      (350 )      (244 )  
Payments for acquisition of property, plant and equ ipment       (8,165 )      (8,295 )      (4,260 )  
Payments for acquisition of intangible assets       (911 )      (1,107 )      (3,192 )  
Other       (160 )      (48 )      (259 )  
                               
Cash used in investing activities       (33,774 )      (48,227 )      (40,419 )  
                               
Financing activities:         
Proceeds from issuance of common stock       530        665        831    
Excess tax benefits from equity awards       701        1,351        1,133    
Taxes paid related to net share settlement of equit y awards       (1,082 )      (1,226 )      (520 )  
Dividends and dividend equivalent rights paid       (10,564 )      (2,488 )      0    
Repurchase of common stock       (22,860 )      0        0    
Proceeds from issuance of long -term debt, net       16,896        0        0    
                               
Cash generated by/(used in) financing activities       (16,379 )      (1,698 )      1,444    
                               
Increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents       3,513        931        (1,446 )  
                               
Cash and cash equivalents, end of the year     $ 14,259      $ 10,746      $ 9,815    
           
          
          
Supplemental cash flow disclosure:         
Cash paid for income taxes, net     $ 9,128      $ 7,682      $ 3,338    Table of Contents  
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  
Note 1 – Summary of Significant Accounting Policies  
Apple Inc. and its wholly-owned subsidiaries (colle ctively “Apple” or the “Company”) designs, manufactures, and markets mobile 
communication and media devices, personal computers , and portable digital music players, and sells a v ariety of related software, services, 
peripherals, networking solutions, and third- party digital content and applications. The Company  sells its products worldwide through its retail 
stores, online stores, and direct sales force, as w ell as through third-party cellular network carrier s, wholesalers, retailers and value- added 
resellers. In addition, the Company sells a variety  of third- party iPhone, iPad, Mac, and iPod compatible produc ts, including application 
software, and various accessories through its onlin e and retail stores. The Company sells to consumers , small and mid- sized businesses, and 
education, enterprise and government customers.  
Basis of Presentation and Preparation  
The accompanying consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company. Intercompany a ccounts and transactions have been 
eliminated. The preparation of these consolidated f inancial statements in conformity with U.S. general ly accepted accounting principles 
(“GAAP”) requires management to make estimates and assumptio ns that affect the amounts reported in these consol idated financial statements 
and accompanying notes. Actual results could differ  materially from those estimates. Certain prior per iod amounts in the consolidated financial 
statements and notes thereto have been reclassified  to conform to the current period’s presentation.  
The Company’s fiscal year is the 52 or 53-week peri od that ends on the last Saturday of September. The  Company’ s fiscal years 2013, 2012 and 
2011 ended on September 28, 2013, September 29, 201 2 and September 24, 2011, respectively. An addition al week is included in the first fiscal 
quarter approximately every six years to realign fi scal quarters with calendar quarters. Fiscal year 2 012 spanned 53 weeks, with a 14th week 
included in the first quarter of 2012. Fiscal years  2013 and 2011 spanned 52 weeks each. Unless otherw ise stated, references to particular years, 
quarters, months and periods refer to the Company’ s fiscal years ended in September and the associate d quarters, months and periods of those 
fiscal years.  
During the first quarter of 2013, the Company adopt ed amended accounting standards that changed the pr esentation of comprehensive income. 
These standards increased the prominence of other c omprehensive income (“OCI”) by eliminating the option to present components of OCI as 
part of the statement of changes in shareholders’ equity and required the components of OCI to be pre sented either in a single continuous 
statement of comprehensive income or in two consecu tive statements. The amended accounting standards o nly impacted the financial statement 
presentation of OCI and did not change the componen ts that are recognized in net income or OCI; accord ingly, the adoption had no impact on 
the Company’s financial position or results of oper ations.  
Revenue Recognition  
Net sales consist primarily of revenue from the sal e of hardware, software, digital content and applic ations, peripherals, and service and support 
contracts. The Company recognizes revenue when pers uasive evidence of an arrangement exists, delivery has occurred, the sales price is fixed or 
determinable, and collection is probable. Product i s considered delivered to the customer once it has been shipped and title and risk of loss have 
been transferred. For most of the Company’ s product sales, these criteria are met at the time  the product is shipped. For online sales to 
individuals, for some sales to education customers in the U.S., and for certain other sales, the Compa ny defers revenue until the customer 
receives the product because the Company retains a portion of the risk of loss on these sales during t ransit. The Company recognizes revenue 
from the sale of hardware products, software bundle d with hardware that is essential to the functional ity of the hardware, and third- party digital 
content sold on the iTunes Store in accordance with  general revenue recognition accounting guidance. T he Company recognizes revenue in 
accordance with industry specific software accounti ng guidance for the  
   
50  Table of Contents  
following types of sales transactions: (i) standalo ne sales of software products, (ii) sales of softwa re upgrades and (iii) sales of software bundled 
with hardware not essential to the functionality of  the hardware.  
For the sale of most third- party products, the Company recognizes revenue base d on the gross amount billed to customers because t he Company 
establishes its own pricing for such products, reta ins related inventory risk for physical products, i s the primary obligor to the customer and 
assumes the credit risk for amounts billed to its c ustomers. For third- party applications sold through the App Store and M ac App Store and 
certain digital content sold through the iTunes Sto re, the Company does not determine the selling pric e of the products and is not the primary 
obligor to the customer. Therefore, the Company acc ounts for such sales on a net basis by recognizing in net sales only the commission it retains 
from each sale. The portion of the gross amount bil led to customers that is remitted by the Company to  third-party app developers and certain 
digital content owners is not reflected in the Comp any’s Consolidated Statements of Operations.  
The Company records deferred revenue when it receiv es payments in advance of the delivery of products or the performance of services. This 
includes amounts that have been deferred for unspec ified and specified software upgrade rights and non -software services that are attached to 
hardware and software products. The Company sells g ift cards redeemable at its retail and online store s, and also sells gift cards redeemable on 
the iTunes Store for the purchase of digital conten t and software. The Company records deferred revenu e upon the sale of the card, which is 
relieved upon redemption of the card by the custome r. Revenue from AppleCare service and support contr acts is deferred and recognized over 
the service coverage periods. AppleCare service and  support contracts typically include extended phone  support, repair services, web- based 
support resources and diagnostic tools offered unde r the Company’s standard limited warranty.  
The Company records reductions to revenue for estim ated commitments related to price protection and ot her customer incentive programs. For 
transactions involving price protection, the Compan y recognizes revenue net of the estimated amount to  be refunded. For the Company’ s other 
customer incentive programs, the estimated cost of these programs is recognized at the later of the da te at which the Company has sold the 
product or the date at which the program is offered . The Company also records reductions to revenue fo r expected future product returns based 
on the Company’ s historical experience. Revenue is recorded net of  taxes collected from customers that are remitted t o governmental authorities, 
with the collected taxes recorded as current liabil ities until remitted to the relevant government aut hority.  
Revenue Recognition for Arrangements with Multiple Deliverables  
For multi-element arrangements that include hardwar e products containing software essential to the har dware product’ s functionality, 
undelivered software elements that relate to the ha rdware product’s essential software, and undelivere d non-software services, the Company 
allocates revenue to all deliverables based on thei r relative selling prices. In such circumstances, t he Company uses a hierarchy to determine the 
selling price to be used for allocating revenue to deliverables: (i) vendor-specific objective evidenc e of fair value (“VSOE”), (ii) third- party 
evidence of selling price (“TPE”), and (iii) best e stimate of selling price (“ESP”). VSOE generally exists only when the Company sells t he 
deliverable separately and is the price actually ch arged by the Company for that deliverable. ESPs ref lect the Company’ s best estimates of what 
the selling prices of elements would be if they wer e sold regularly on a stand-alone basis. For multi- element arrangements accounted for in 
accordance with industry specific software accounti ng guidance, the Company allocates revenue to all d eliverables based on the VSOE of each 
element, and if VSOE does not exist revenue is reco gnized when elements lacking VSOE are delivered.  
For sales of qualifying versions of iPhone, iPad an d iPod touch (“iOS devices”), Mac and Apple TV, the Company has indicated it may from 
time to time provide future unspecified software up grades and features to the essential software bundl ed with each of these hardware products 
free of charge to customers. Essential software for  iOS devices includes iOS and related applications and for Mac includes OS X and related 
applications. The Company also provides various non -software services to owners of qualifying versions  of iOS devices and Mac.  
   
51  Table of Contents  
The Company has identified up to three deliverables  regularly included in arrangements involving the s ale of these devices. The first deliverable 
is the hardware and software essential to the funct ionality of the hardware device delivered at the ti me of sale. The second deliverable is the 
embedded right included with the purchase of iOS de vices, Mac and Apple TV to receive on a when-and-if -available basis, future unspecified 
software upgrades and features relating to the prod uct’s essential software. The third deliverable is the non-software services to be provided to 
qualifying versions of iOS devices and Mac. The Com pany allocates revenue between these deliverables u sing the relative selling price method. 
Because the Company has neither VSOE nor TPE for th ese deliverables, the allocation of revenue is base d on the Company’ s ESPs. Revenue 
allocated to the delivered hardware and the related  essential software is recognized at the time of sa le provided the other conditions for revenue 
recognition have been met. Revenue allocated to the  embedded unspecified software upgrade rights and t he non-software services is deferred 
and recognized on a straight-line basis over the es timated period the software upgrades and non- software services are expected to be provided for 
each of these devices, which ranges from two to fou r years. Cost of sales related to delivered hardwar e and related essential software, including 
estimated warranty costs, are recognized at the tim e of sale. Costs incurred to provide non- software services are recognized as cost of sales a s 
incurred, and engineering and sales and marketing c osts are recognized as operating expenses as incurr ed.  
The Company’ s process for determining its ESP for deliverables without VSOE or TPE considers multiple factors that  may vary depending upon 
the unique facts and circumstances related to each deliverable. The Company believes its customers wou ld be reluctant to buy unspecified 
software upgrade rights for the essential software included with its qualifying hardware products. Thi s view is primarily based on the fact that 
unspecified software upgrade rights do not obligate  the Company to provide upgrades at a particular ti me or at all, and do not specify to 
customers which upgrades or features will be delive red. The Company also believes its customers would be unwilling to pay a significant 
amount for access to the non- software services because other companies offer sim ilar services at little or no cost to users. Theref ore, the 
Company has concluded that if it were to sell upgra de rights or access to the non- software services on a standalone basis, including those rights 
and services attached to iOS devices, Mac and Apple  TV, the selling prices would be relatively low. Ke y factors considered by the Company in 
developing the ESPs for software upgrade rights inc lude prices charged by the Company for similar offe rings, market trends in the pricing of 
Apple-branded and third- party Mac and iOS compatible software, the nature o f the upgrade rights (e.g., unspecified versus spec ified), and the 
relative ESP of the upgrade rights as compared to t he total selling price of the product. The Company may also consider additional factors as 
appropriate, including the impact of other products  and services provided to customers, the pricing of  competitive alternatives if they exist, 
product-specific business objectives, and the length of tim e a particular version of a device has been availab le. When relevant, the same factors 
are considered by the Company in developing ESPs fo r offerings such as the non- software services with additional consideration giv en to the 
estimated cost to provide such services.  
In 2013, 2012 and 2011, the Company’s combined ESPs  for the unspecified software upgrade rights and th e rights to receive the non- software 
services included with its qualifying hardware devi ces have ranged from $5 to $25. Beginning in Septem ber 2013, the combined ESPs for 
iPhone and iPad were increased by up to $5 to refle ct additions to unspecified software upgrade rights  due to expansion of essential software 
bundled with these devices. Accordingly, the range of combined ESPs for iPhone and iPad as of Septembe r 2013 is $15 to $25. Beginning in 
October 2013, the Company anticipates increasing th e combined ESPs for Mac from $20 to $40 to reflect additions to unspecified software 
upgrade rights related to expansion of bundled esse ntial software. Revenue allocated to such rights is  deferred and recognized on a straight- line 
basis over the estimated period the rights are expe cted to be provided for each device, which ranges f rom two to four years.  
Shipping Costs  
For all periods presented, amounts billed to custom ers related to shipping and handling are classified  as revenue, and the Company’ s shipping 
and handling costs are included in cost of sales.  
   
52  Table of Contents  
Warranty Expense  
The Company generally provides for the estimated co st of hardware and software warranties at the time the related revenue is recognized. The 
Company assesses the adequacy of its pre- existing warranty liabilities and adjusts the amoun ts as necessary based on actual experience and 
changes in future estimates.  
Software Development Costs  
Research and development costs are expensed as incu rred. Development costs of computer software to be sold, leased, or otherwise marketed are 
subject to capitalization beginning when a product’ s technological feasibility has been established an d ending when a product is available for 
general release to customers. In most instances, th e Company’ s products are released soon after technological fe asibility has been established. 
Costs incurred subsequent to achievement of technol ogical feasibility were not significant, and softwa re development costs were expensed as 
incurred during 2013, 2012 and 2011.  
Advertising Costs  
Advertising costs are expensed as incurred and incl uded in selling, general and administrative expense s. Advertising expense was $1.1 billion, 
$1.0 billion and $933 million for 2013, 2012 and 20 11, respectively.  
Share-based Compensation  
The Company recognizes expense related to share- based payment transactions in which it receives emp loyee services in exchange for (a) equity 
instruments of the Company or (b) liabilities that are based on the fair value of the enterprise’ s equity instruments or that may be settled by the 
issuance of such equity instruments. Share-based co mpensation cost for restricted stock units (“RSUs”)  is measured based on the closing fair 
market value of the Company’s common stock on the d ate of grant. Share- based compensation cost for stock options and emplo yee stock 
purchase plan rights (“stock purchase rights”) is m easured at the grant date and offering date, respec tively, based on the fair- value as calculated 
by the Black-Scholes-Merton (“BSM”) option-pricing model. The BSM option- pricing model incorporates various assumptions incl uding 
expected volatility, estimated expected life and in terest rates. The Company recognizes share-based co mpensation cost over the award’ s requisite 
service period on a straight-line basis for time- based RSUs and on a graded basis for RSUs that are contingent on the achievement of 
performance metrics. The Company recognizes a benef it from share-based compensation in the Consolidate d Statements of Shareholders’ Equity 
if an incremental tax benefit is realized. In addit ion, the Company recognizes the indirect effects of  share-based compensation on research and 
development tax credits, foreign tax credits and do mestic manufacturing deductions in the Consolidated  Statements of Operations. Further 
information regarding share-based compensation can be found in Note 9, “Benefit Plans” of this Form 10 -K.  
Income Taxes  
The provision for income taxes is computed using th e asset and liability method, under which deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized 
for the expected future tax consequences of tempora ry differences between the financial reporting and tax bases of assets and liabilities, and for 
operating losses and tax credit carryforwards. Defe rred tax assets and liabilities are measured using the currently enacted tax rates that apply to 
taxable income in effect for the years in which tho se tax assets are expected to be realized or settle d. The Company records a valuation 
allowance to reduce deferred tax assets to the amou nt that is believed more likely than not to be real ized.  
The Company recognizes the tax benefit from an unce rtain tax position only if it is more likely than n ot the tax position will be sustained on 
examination by the taxing authorities, based on the  technical merits of the position. The tax benefits  recognized in the financial statements from 
such positions are then measured based on the large st benefit that has a greater than 50% likelihood o f being realized upon settlement. See Note 
5, “Income Taxes” of this Form 10-K for additional information.  
   
53  Table of Contents  
Earnings Per Share  
Basic earnings per share is computed by dividing in come available to common shareholders by the weight ed-average number of shares of 
common stock outstanding during the period. Diluted  earnings per share is computed by dividing income available to common shareholders by 
the weighted- average number of shares of common stock outstandin g during the period increased to include the number  of additional shares of 
common stock that would have been outstanding if th e potentially dilutive securities had been issued. Potentially dilutive securities include 
outstanding stock options, shares to be purchased u nder the Company’ s employee stock purchase plan and unvested RSUs. T he dilutive effect of 
potentially dilutive securities is reflected in dil uted earnings per share by application of the treas ury stock method. Under the treasury stock 
method, an increase in the fair market value of the  Company’ s common stock can result in a greater dilutive eff ect from potentially dilutive 
securities.  
The following table shows the computation of basic and diluted earnings per share for 2013, 2012, and 2011 (in thousands, except net income in 
millions and per share amounts):  
   
Potentially dilutive securities representing 4.2 mi llion, 1.0 million and 1.7 million shares of common  stock for 2013, 2012 and 2011, 
respectively, were excluded from the computation of  diluted earnings per share for these periods becau se their effect would have been 
antidilutive.  
Financial Instruments  
Cash Equivalents and Marketable Securities  
All highly liquid investments with maturities of th ree months or less at the date of purchase are clas sified as cash equivalents. The Company’ s 
marketable debt and equity securities have been cla ssified and accounted for as available-for-sale. Management determines the appropriate 
classification of its investments at the time of pu rchase and reevaluates the designations at each bal ance sheet date. The Company classifies its 
marketable debt securities as either short-term or long-term based on each instrument’ s underlying contractual maturity date. Marketable debt 
securities with maturities of 12 months or less are  classified as short- term and marketable debt securities with maturities  greater than 12 months 
are classified as long-term. The Company classifies  its marketable equity securities, including mutual  funds, as either short-term or long- term 
based on the nature of each security and its availa bility for use in current operations. The Company’ s marketable debt and equity securities are 
carried at fair value, with the unrealized gains an d losses, net of taxes, reported as a component of shareholders’ equity. The cost of securities 
sold is based upon the specific identification meth od.  
Derivative Financial Instruments  
The Company accounts for its derivative instruments  as either assets or liabilities and carries them a t fair value.  
For derivative instruments that hedge the exposure to variability in expected future cash flows that a re designated as cash flow hedges, the 
effective portion of the gain or loss on the deriva tive instrument is reported as a component of accum ulated other comprehensive income 
(“AOCI”) in shareholders’ equity and reclassified into income in the same per iod or periods during which the hedged transaction affects 
earnings. The ineffective portion of the gain or  
   
54       2013      2012      2011   
Numerator:           
Net income     $ 37,037       $ 41,733       $ 25,922    
Denominator:           
Weighted -average shares outstanding       925,331         934,818         924,258    
Effect of dilutive securities       6,331         10,537         12,387    
                                 
Weighted -average diluted shares       931,662         945,355         936,645    
           
           
           
Basic earnings per share     $ 40.03       $ 44.64       $ 28.05    
Diluted earnings per share     $ 39.75       $ 44.15       $ 27.68    Table of Contents  
loss on the derivative instrument, if any, is recog nized in current income. To receive hedge accountin g treatment, cash flow hedges must be 
highly effective in offsetting changes to expected future cash flows on hedged transactions. For optio ns designated as cash flow hedges, changes 
in the time value are excluded from the assessment of hedge effectiveness and are recognized in income . For derivative instruments that hedge 
the exposure to changes in the fair value of an ass et or a liability and that are designated as fair v alue hedges, both the net gain or loss on the 
derivative instrument as well as the offsetting gai n or loss on the hedged item attributable to the he dged risk are recognized in earnings in the 
current period. The Company had no fair value hedge s in 2013, 2012 and 2011. The net gain or loss on t he effective portion of a derivative 
instrument that is designated as an economic hedge of the foreign currency translation exposure of the  net investment in a foreign operation is 
reported in the same manner as a foreign currency t ranslation adjustment. For forward exchange contrac ts designated as net investment hedges, 
the Company excludes changes in fair value relating  to changes in the forward carry component from its  definition of effectiveness. 
Accordingly, any gains or losses related to this co mponent are recognized in current income. Derivativ es that do not qualify as hedges are 
adjusted to fair value through current income.  
Allowance for Doubtful Accounts  
The Company records its allowance for doubtful acco unts based upon its assessment of various factors. The Company considers historical 
experience, the age of the accounts receivable bala nces, credit quality of the Company’ s customers, current economic conditions, and other  
factors that may affect customers’ ability to pay.  
Inventories  
Inventories are stated at the lower of cost, comput ed using the first-in, first- out method, or market. If the cost of the inventori es exceeds their 
market value, provisions are made currently for the  difference between the cost and the market value.  
Property, Plant and Equipment  
Property, plant and equipment are stated at cost. D epreciation is computed by use of the straight-line  method over the estimated useful lives of 
the assets, which for buildings is the lesser of 30  years or the remaining life of the underlying buil ding; between two to five years for machinery 
and equipment, including product tooling and manufa cturing process equipment; and the shorter of lease  terms or ten years for leasehold 
improvements. The Company capitalizes eligible cost s to acquire or develop internal- use software that are incurred subsequent to the pr eliminary 
project stage. Capitalized costs related to interna l-use software are amortized using the straight- line method over the estimated useful lives of the 
assets, which range from three to five years. Depre ciation and amortization expense on property and eq uipment was $5.8 billion, $2.6 billion and 
$1.6 billion during 2013, 2012 and 2011, respective ly.  
Long-Lived Assets Including Goodwill and Other Acqu ired Intangible Assets  
The Company reviews property, plant and equipment, inventory component prepayments, and certain identi fiable intangibles, excluding 
goodwill, for impairment. Long- lived assets are reviewed for impairment whenever e vents or changes in circumstances indicate the carr ying 
amount of an asset may not be recoverable. Recovera bility of these assets is measured by comparison of  their carrying amounts to future 
undiscounted cash flows the assets are expected to generate. If property, plant and equipment, invento ry component prepayments, and certain 
identifiable intangibles are considered to be impai red, the impairment to be recognized equals the amo unt by which the carrying value of the 
assets exceeds its fair value. The Company did not record any significant impairments during 2013, 201 2 and 2011.  
The Company does not amortize goodwill and intangib le assets with indefinite useful lives, rather such  assets are required to be tested for 
impairment at least annually or sooner whenever eve nts or changes in circumstances indicate that the a ssets may be impaired. The Company 
performs its goodwill and intangible asset impairme nt tests in the fourth quarter of each year. The Co mpany did not recognize any impairment 
charges related to  
   
55  Table of Contents  
goodwill or indefinite lived intangible assets duri ng 2013, 2012 and 2011. The Company established rep orting units based on its current 
reporting structure. For purposes of testing goodwi ll for impairment, goodwill has been allocated to t hese reporting units to the extent it relates to 
each reporting unit. In 2013 and 2012, the Company’ s goodwill was allocated to the Americas and Europe  reportable operating segments.  
The Company amortizes its intangible assets with de finite useful lives over their estimated useful liv es and reviews these assets for impairment. 
The Company is currently amortizing its acquired in tangible assets with definite useful lives over per iods typically from three to seven years.  
Fair Value Measurements  
The Company applies fair value accounting for all f inancial assets and liabilities and non- financial assets and liabilities that are recognize d or 
disclosed at fair value in the financial statements  on a recurring basis. The Company defines fair val ue as the price that would be received from 
selling an asset or paid to transfer a liability in  an orderly transaction between market participants  at the measurement date. When determining 
the fair value measurements for assets and liabilit ies, which are required to be recorded at fair valu e, the Company considers the principal or 
most advantageous market in which the Company would  transact and the market- based risk measurements or assumptions that market 
participants would use in pricing the asset or liab ility, such as risks inherent in valuation techniqu es, transfer restrictions and credit risk. Fair 
value is estimated by applying the following hierar chy, which prioritizes the inputs used to measure f air value into three levels and bases the 
categorization within the hierarchy upon the lowest  level of input that is available and significant t o the fair value measurement:  
Level 1 – Quoted prices in active markets for identical ass ets or liabilities.  
Level 2 – Observable inputs other than quoted prices in activ e markets for identical assets and liabilities, quo ted prices for identical or similar 
assets or liabilities in inactive markets, or other  inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable market data for substantially the 
full term of the assets or liabilities.  
Level 3 – Inputs that are generally unobservable and typica lly reflect management’ s estimate of assumptions that market participants would use 
in pricing the asset or liability.  
The Company’ s valuation techniques used to measure the fair val ue of money market funds and certain marketable equ ity securities were 
derived from quoted prices in active markets for id entical assets or liabilities. The valuation techni ques used to measure the fair value of all other 
financial instruments, all of which have counterpar ties with high credit ratings, were valued based on  quoted market prices or model driven 
valuations using significant inputs derived from or  corroborated by observable market data.  
In accordance with the fair value accounting requir ements, companies may choose to measure eligible fi nancial instruments and certain other 
items at fair value. The Company has not elected th e fair value option for any eligible financial inst ruments.  
Foreign Currency Translation and Remeasurement  
The Company translates the assets and liabilities o f its non-U.S. dollar functional currency subsidiaries into U .S. dollars using exchange rates in 
effect at the end of each period. Revenue and expen ses for these subsidiaries are translated using rat es that approximate those in effect during the 
period. Gains and losses from these translations ar e recognized in foreign currency translation includ ed in AOCI in shareholders’ equity. The 
Company’ s subsidiaries that use the U.S. dollar as their fu nctional currency remeasure monetary assets and lia bilities at exchange rates in effect 
at the end of each period, and inventories, propert y, and nonmonetary assets and liabilities at histor ical rates. Gains and losses from these 
remeasurements were not significant and have been i ncluded in the Company’s results of operations.  
   
56  Table of Contents  
Note 2 – Financial Instruments  
Cash, Cash Equivalents and Marketable Securities  
The following tables show the Company’s cash and av ailable-for-sale securities’ adjusted cost, gross unrealized gains, gross unreal ized losses 
and fair value by significant investment category r ecorded as cash and cash equivalents or short- or l ong-term marketable securities as of 
September 28, 2013 and September 29, 2012 (in milli ons):  
   
   
The net unrealized losses as of September 28, 2013 and the net unrealized gains as of September 29, 20 12 are related primarily to long- term 
marketable securities. The Company may sell certain  of its marketable securities prior to their stated  maturities for strategic reasons including, 
but not limited to, anticipation of credit deterior ation and duration management. During 2013, 2012 an d 2011, the net realized gains recognized 
by the Company were not significant. The maturities  of the Company’s long-term marketable securities g enerally range from one to five years.  
   
57      2013   
    Adjusted 
Cost     Unrealized 
Gains     Unrealized 
Losses     Fair  
Value     Cash and  
Cash  
Equivalents     Short -Term 
Marketable 
Securities     Long -Term 
Marketable 
Securities   
Cash    $ 8,705      $ 0      $ 0      $ 8,705      $ 8,705      $ 0      $ 0    
Level 1:            
Money market funds      1,793        0        0        1,793        1,793        0        0    
Mutual funds      3,999        0        (197 )      3,802        0        3,802        0    
                                                                      
Subtotal      5,792        0        (197 )      5,595        1,793        3,802        0    
                                                                      
Level 2:            
U.S. Treasury securities      27,642        24        (47 )      27,619        431        7,554        19,634    
U.S. agency securities      16,878        12        (52 )      16,838        177        3,412        13,249    
Non -U.S. government securities      5,545        35        (137 )      5,443        50        313        5,080    
Certificates of deposit and time deposits      2,344        0        0        2,344        1,264        844        236    
Commercial paper      2,998        0        0        2,998        1,835        1,163        0    
Corporate securities      54,586        275        (252 )      54,609        0        8,077        46,532    
Municipal securities      6,257        45        (22 )      6,280        4        1,114        5,162    
Mortgage - and asset -backed securities      16,396        23        (89 )      16,330        0        8        16,322    
                                                                      
Subtotal      132,646        414        (599 )      132,461        3,761        22,485        106,215    
                                                                      
Total    $ 147,143      $ 414      $ (796 )    $ 146,761      $ 14,259      $ 26,287      $ 106,215    
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
    2012   
    Adjusted 
Cost     Unrealized 
Gains     Unrealized 
Losses     Fair  
Value     Cash and  
Cash  
Equivalents     Short -Term 
Marketable 
Securities     Long -Term 
Marketable 
Securities   
Cash    $ 3,109      $ 0      $ 0      $ 3,109      $ 3,109      $ 0      $ 0    
Level 1:            
Money market funds      1,460        0        0        1,460        1,460        0        0    
Mutual funds      2,385        79        (2 )      2,462        0        2,462        0    
                                                                      
Subtotal      3,845        79        (2 )      3,922        1,460        2,462        0    
                                                                      
Level 2:            
U.S. Treasury securities      20,088        21        (1 )      20,108        2,608        3,525        13,975    
U.S. agency securities      19,540        58        (1 )      19,597        1,460        1,884        16,253    
Non -U.S. government securities      5,483        183        (2 )      5,664        84        1,034        4,546    
Certificates of deposit and time deposits      2,189        2        0        2,191        1,106        202        883    
Commercial paper      2,112        0        0        2,112        909        1,203        0    
Corporate securities      46,261        568        (8 )      46,821        10        7,455        39,356    
Municipal securities      5,645        74        0        5,719        0        618        5,101    
Mortgage - and asset -backed securities      11,948        66        (6 )      12,008        0        0        12,008    
                                                                      
Subtotal      113,266        972        (18 )      114,220        6,177        15,921        92,122    
                                                                      
Total    $ 120,220      $ 1,051      $ (20 )    $ 121,251      $ 10,746      $ 18,383      $ 92,122    
          
          
          
          
          
          
          Table of Contents  
As of September 28, 2013 and September 29, 2012, gr oss unrealized losses related to individual securit ies that had been in a continuous loss 
position for 12 months or longer were not significa nt.  
As of September 28, 2013, the Company considered th e declines in market value of its marketable securi ties investment portfolio to be 
temporary in nature and did not consider any of its  investments other-than-temporarily impaired. The C ompany typically invests in highly- rated 
securities, and its investment policy generally lim its the amount of credit exposure to any one issuer . The policy requires investments generally 
to be investment grade, with the primary objective of minimizing the potential risk of principal loss.  Fair values were determined for each 
individual security in the investment portfolio. Wh en evaluating an investment for other-than- temporary impairment, the Company reviews 
factors such as the length of time and extent to wh ich fair value has been below its cost basis, the f inancial condition of the issuer and any 
changes thereto, changes in market interest rates, and the Company’ s intent to sell, or whether it is more likely than  not it will be required to sell, 
the investment before recovery of the investment’ s cost basis. During 2013, 2012 and 2011 the Compan y did not recognize any significant 
impairment charges.  
Derivative Financial Instruments  
The Company uses derivatives to partially offset it s business exposure to foreign currency and interes t rate risk. The Company may enter into 
forward contracts, option contracts, swaps, or othe r derivative instruments to offset some of the risk  on expected future cash flows, on net 
investments in certain foreign subsidiaries, and on  certain existing assets and liabilities.  
To help protect gross margins from fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, certain of the Com pany’s subsidiaries whose functional 
currency is the U.S. dollar hedge a portion of fore casted foreign currency revenue. The Company’ s subsidiaries whose functional currency is not 
the U.S. dollar and who sell in local currencies ma y hedge a portion of forecasted inventory purchases  not denominated in the subsidiaries’
functional currencies. The Company hedges a portion  of its forecasted foreign currency exposure associ ated with revenue and inventory 
purchases, typically for up to 12 months.  
To help protect the net investment in a foreign ope ration from adverse changes in foreign currency exc hange rates, the Company may enter into 
foreign currency forward and option contracts to of fset the changes in the carrying amounts of these i nvestments due to fluctuations in foreign 
currency exchange rates.  
To help protect against adverse fluctuations in int erest rates, the Company may enter into interest ra te swaps, options, or other instruments to 
offset a portion of the changes in income or expens e due to fluctuations in interest rates.  
The Company may also enter into foreign currency fo rward and option contracts to partially offset the foreign currency exchange gains and 
losses generated by the re-measurement of certain a ssets and liabilities denominated in non- functional currencies. However, the Company may 
choose not to hedge certain foreign currency exchan ge exposures for a variety of reasons including, bu t not limited to, accounting considerations 
and the prohibitive economic cost of hedging partic ular exposures. There can be no assurance the hedge s will offset more than a portion of the 
financial impact resulting from movements in foreig n currency exchange rates.  
The Company records all derivatives in the Consolid ated Balance Sheets at fair value. The Company’ s accounting treatment of these instruments 
is based on whether the instruments are designated as hedge or non-hedge instruments. The effective portions of cash flow he dges are recorded 
in AOCI until the hedged item is recognized in earn ings. The effective portions of net investment hedg es are recorded in OCI as a part of the 
cumulative translation adjustment. The ineffective portions of cash flow hedges and net investment hed ges are recorded in other income and 
expense. Derivatives that are not designated as hed ging instruments are adjusted to fair value through  earnings in the financial statement line 
item to which the derivative relates.  
   
58  Table of Contents  
The Company had net deferred losses of $175 million  and $240 million associated with cash flow hedges,  net of taxes, recorded in AOCI as of 
September 28, 2013 and September 29, 2012, respecti vely. Deferred gains and losses associated with cas h flow hedges of foreign currency 
revenue are recognized as a component of net sales in the same period as the related revenue is recogn ized, and deferred gains and losses related 
to cash flow hedges of inventory purchases are reco gnized as a component of cost of sales in the same period as the related costs are recognized. 
Deferred gains and losses associated with cash flow  hedges of interest income or expense are recognize d as a component of other income/ 
(expense), net in the same period as the related in come or expense is recognized. The Company’ s hedged foreign currency transactions and 
hedged interest rate transactions as of September 2 8, 2013 are expected to occur within 12 months and five years, respectively.  
Derivative instruments designated as cash flow hedg es must be de- designated as hedges when it is probable the foreca sted hedged transaction 
will not occur in the initially identified time per iod or within a subsequent two- month time period. Deferred gains and losses in AOC I associated 
with such derivative instruments are reclassified i mmediately into other income and expense. Any subse quent changes in fair value of such 
derivative instruments are reflected in other incom e and expense unless they are re- designated as hedges of other transactions. The Com pany did 
not recognize any significant net gains or losses r elated to the loss of hedge designation on disconti nued cash flow hedges during 2013, 2012 and 
2011.  
The Company’ s unrealized net gains and losses on net investment  hedges, included in the cumulative translation adj ustment account of AOCI, 
were not significant as of September 28, 2013 and S eptember 29, 2012. The ineffective portions of and amounts excluded from the effectiveness 
test of net investment hedges are recorded in other  income and expense.  
The gain/loss recognized in other income and expens e for foreign currency forward and option contracts  not designated as hedging instruments 
was not significant during 2013, 2012 and 2011, res pectively. These amounts represent the net gain or loss on the derivative contracts and do not 
include changes in the related exposures, which gen erally offset a portion of the gain or loss on the derivative contracts.  
The following table shows the notional principal am ounts of the Company’ s outstanding derivative instruments and credit ris k amounts 
associated with outstanding or unsettled derivative  instruments as of September 28, 2013 and September  29, 2012 (in millions):  
   
The notional principal amounts for outstanding deri vative instruments provide one measure of the trans action volume outstanding and do not 
represent the amount of the Company’s exposure to c redit or market loss. The credit risk amounts repre sent the Company’ s gross exposure to 
potential accounting loss on derivative instruments  that are outstanding or unsettled if all counterpa rties failed to perform according to the terms 
of the contract, based on then-current currency or interest rates at each respective date. The Company ’s gross exposure on these transactions may 
be further mitigated by collateral received from ce rtain counterparties. The Company’ s exposure to credit loss and market risk will vary  over 
time as a function of currency and interest rates. Although the table above reflects the notional prin cipal and credit risk amounts of the 
Company’ s derivative instruments, it does not reflect the g ains or losses associated with the exposures and tr ansactions that the instruments are 
intended to hedge. The amounts ultimately realized upon settlement of these financial instruments, tog ether with the gains and losses on the 
underlying exposures, will depend on actual market conditions during the remaining life of the instrum ents.  
   
59       2013      2012   
     Notional  
Principal      Credit  
Risk  
Amounts      Notional  
Principal      Credit  
Risk  
Amounts   
Instruments designated as accounting hedges:              
Foreign exchange contracts     $ 35,013       $ 159       $ 41,970       $ 140    
Interest rate contracts     $ 3,000       $      44       $ 0       $        0    
Instruments not designated as accounting hedges:              
Foreign exchange contracts     $ 16,131       $ 25       $ 13,403       $ 12    Table of Contents  
The Company generally enters into master netting ar rangements, which are designed to reduce credit ris k by permitting net settlement of 
transactions with the same counterparty. To further  limit credit risk, the Company generally enters in to collateral security arrangements that 
provide for collateral to be received or posted whe n the net fair value of certain financial instrumen ts fluctuates from contractually established 
thresholds. The Company presents its derivative ass ets and derivative liabilities at their gross fair values. As of September 28, 2013 and 
September 29, 2012, the Company posted $164 million  and $278 million, respectively, of cash collateral  related to the derivative instruments 
under its collateral security arrangements, which w ere recorded as other current assets in the Consoli dated Balance Sheet. The Company did not 
have any derivative instruments with credit- risk related contingent features that would require  it to post additional collateral as of September 2 8, 
2013 or September 29, 2012.  
The following tables show the Company’ s derivative instruments at gross fair value as ref lected in the Consolidated Balance Sheets as of 
September 28, 2013 and September 29, 2012 (in milli ons):  
   
   
   
   
60       2013   
     Fair Value of  
Derivatives  
Designated as  
Hedge  Instruments      Fair Value of  
Derivatives Not  
Designated as  
Hedge  Instruments      Total  
Fair  Value   
Derivative assets (a):     
Foreign exchange contracts     $ 145       $ 25       $ 170    
Interest rate contracts     $ 44       $ 0       $ 44    
Derivative liabilities (b):           
Foreign exchange contracts     $ 389       $ 46       $ 435    
     2012   
     Fair Value of  
Derivatives  
Designated as  
Hedge  Instruments      Fair Value of  
Derivatives Not  
Designated as  
Hedge Instruments      Total  
Fair  Value   
Derivative assets (a):     
Foreign exchange contracts     $ 138       $ 12       $ 150    
Derivative liabilities (b):           
Foreign exchange contracts     $ 516       $ 41       $ 557    
  
(a) The fair value of derivative assets is measured usi ng Level 2 fair value inputs and is recorded as oth er current assets in the Consolidated 
Balance Sheets.  
(b) The fair value of derivative liabilities is measure d using Level 2 fair value inputs and is recorded a s accrued expenses in the Consolidated 
Balance Sheets.  Table of Contents  
The following table shows the pre-tax effect of the  Company’ s derivative instruments designated as cash flow an d net investment hedges in the 
Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years  ended September 28, 2013 and September 29, 2012 (i n millions):  
   
   
Accounts Receivable  
Trade Receivables  
The Company has considerable trade receivables outs tanding with its third-party cellular network carri ers, wholesalers, retailers, value- added 
resellers, small and mid- sized businesses, and education, enterprise and gov ernment customers. The Company generally does not r equire 
collateral from its customers; however, the Company  will require collateral in certain instances to li mit credit risk. In addition, when possible, 
the Company attempts to limit credit risk on trade receivables with credit insurance for certain custo mers or by requiring third- party financing, 
loans or leases to support credit exposure. These c redit-financing arrangements are directly between t he third-party financing company and the 
end customer. As such, the Company generally does n ot assume any recourse or credit risk sharing relat ed to any of these arrangements.  
As of September 28, 2013, the Company had two custo mers that represented 10% or more of total trade re ceivables, one of which accounted for 
13% and the other 10%. As of September 29, 2012, th e Company had two customers that represented 10% or  more of total trade receivables, one 
of which accounted for 14% and the other 10%. The C ompany’s cellular network carriers accounted for 68% and 6 6% of trade receivables as of 
September 28, 2013 and September 29, 2012, respecti vely. The additions and write-offs to the Company’ s allowance for doubtful accounts 
during 2013, 2012 and 2011 were not significant.  
Vendor Non-Trade Receivables  
The Company has non- trade receivables from certain of its manufacturing  vendors resulting from the sale of components to t hese manufacturing 
vendors who manufacture sub- assemblies or assemble final products for the Compa ny. The Company purchases these components directly  from 
suppliers. Vendor non-trade receivables from three of the Company’s vendors accounted for 47%, 21% and  15% of total non- trade receivables as 
of September 28, 2013 and vendor non-trade receivab les from three of the Company’s vendors accounted f or 45%, 21% and 12% of total non-
trade receivables as of September 29, 2012. The Com pany does not reflect the sale of these components in net sales and does not recognize any 
profits on these sales until the related products a re sold by the Company, at which time any profit is  recognized as a reduction of cost of sales.  
   
61      Gains/(Losses) Recognized in  
OCI – Effective Portion     Gains/ 
(Losses) Reclassified from AOCI  
into Net Income – Effective Portion     Gains/(Losses) Recognized – Ineffective Portion  
and Amount  Excluded from Effectiveness Testing   
    September 28, 
 
2013     September 29, 
 
2012     September 28, 
 
2013 (a)     September 29, 
 
2012 (b)     Location   September 28, 
 
2013     September 29, 
 
2012   
Cash flow hedges:          
Foreign 
exchange 
contracts    $ 891      $ (175 )    $ 676      $ 607      Other income/  
    (expense), net   $ (301 )    $ (658 )  
Interest rate 
contracts      12        0        (6 )      0      Other income/  
    (expense), net     0        0    
Net investment hedges:                
Foreign 
exchange 
contracts      143        (5 )      0        0      Other income/  
    (expense), net     1        3    
                                                              
Total    $ 1,046      $ (180 )    $ 670      $ 607        $ (300 )    $ (655 )  
          
          
          
          
            
            
(a) Includes gains/(losses) reclassified from AOCI into  net income for the effective portion of cash flow hedges, of which $44 million, $632 
million and $(6) million were recognized within net  sales, cost of sales and other income/(expense), n et, respectively, within the 
Consolidated Statement of Operations for the year e nded September 28, 2013.  
(b) Includes gains/(losses) reclassified from AOCI into  income for the effective portion of cash flow hedg es, of which $537 million and $70 
million were recognized within net sales and cost o f sales, respectively, within the Consolidated Stat ement of Operations for the year 
ended September 29, 2012.  Table of Contents  
Note 3 – Consolidated Financial Statement Details  
The following tables show the Company’s consolidate d balance sheet details as of September 28, 2013 an d September 29, 2012 (in millions):  
Inventories  
   
Property, Plant and Equipment  
   
Accrued Expenses  
   
Non-Current Liabilities  
   
Other Income and Expense  
The following table shows the detail of other incom e and expense for 2013, 2012 and 2011 (in millions) :  
   
   
62       2013     2012   
Components     $ 683      $ 124    
Finished goods       1,081        667    
                     
Total inventories     $    1,764      $       791    
           
          
     2013     2012   
Land and buildings     $ 3,309      $ 2,439    
Machinery, equipment and internal -use software       21,242        15,984    
Leasehold improvements       3,968        3,464    
                     
Gross property, plant and equipment       28,519        21,887    
Accumulated depreciation and amortization       (11,922 )      (6,435 )  
                     
Net property, plant and equipment     $ 16,597      $  15,452    
           
          
     2013     2012   
Accrued warranty and related costs     $ 2,967      $ 1,638    
Accrued taxes       1,200        1,535    
Deferred margin on component sales       1,262        1,492    
Accrued marketing and selling expenses       1,291        910    
Accrued compensation and employee benefits       959        735    
Other current liabilities       6,177        5,104    
                     
Total accrued expenses     $  13,856      $  11,414    
           
          
     2013     2012   
Deferred tax liabilities     $ 16,489      $ 13,847    
Other non -current liabilities       3,719        2,817    
                     
Total other non -current liabilities     $  20,208      $  16,664    
           
          
     2013     2012     2011   
Interest and dividend income     $ 1,616      $    1,088      $ 519    
Interest expense       (136 )      0        0    
Other expense, net       (324 )      (566 )      (104 )  
                               
Total other income/(expense), net     $    1,156      $ 522      $        415    
           
          
          Table of Contents  
Note 4 – Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets  
The Company’ s acquired intangible assets with definite useful l ives primarily consist of patents and licenses and are amortized over periods 
typically from three to seven years. The following table summarizes the components of gross and net in tangible asset balances as of 
September 28, 2013 and September 29, 2012 (in milli ons):  
   
During 2013 and 2012, the Company completed various  business acquisitions. In 2013, the aggregate cash  consideration, net of cash acquired, 
was $496 million, of which $419 million was allocat ed to goodwill, $179 million to acquired intangible  assets and $102 million to net liabilities 
assumed. In 2012, the aggregate cash consideration,  net of cash acquired, was $350 million, of which $ 245 million was allocated to goodwill, 
$113 million to acquired intangible assets and $8 m illion to net liabilities assumed.  
The Company’ s gross carrying amount of goodwill was $1.6 billio n and $1.1 billion as of September 28, 2013 and Sep tember 29, 2012, 
respectively. The Company did not have any goodwill  impairment during 2013, 2012 or 2011.  
Amortization expense related to acquired intangible  assets was $960 million, $605 million and $192 mil lion in 2013, 2012 and 2011, 
respectively. As of September 28, 2013 the remainin g weighted- average amortization period for acquired intangible  assets is 4.5 years. The 
expected annual amortization expense related to acq uired intangible assets as of September 28, 2013, i s as follows (in millions):  
   
   
63       2013      2012   
     Gross  
Carrying 
 
Amount      Accumulated 
 
Amortization     Net  
Carrying 
 
Amount      Gross  
Carrying 
 
Amount      Accumulated 
 
Amortization     Net  
Carrying 
 
Amount   
Definite lived and amortizable acquired intangible assets     $ 6,081       $ (2,002 )    $ 4,079       $ 5,166       $ (1,042 )    $ 4,124    
Indefinite lived and non -amortizable trademarks       100         0        100         100         0        100    
                                                                
Total acquired intangible assets     $ 6,181       $ (2,002 )    $ 4,179       $ 5,266       $ (1,042 )    $ 4,224    
           
           
          
           
           
          
2014     $ 1,050    
2015       985    
2016       833    
2017       606    
2018       434    
Thereafter       171    
           
Total     $ 4,079    
           Table of Contents  
Note 5 – Income Taxes  
The provision for income taxes for 2013, 2012 and 2 011, consisted of the following (in millions):  
   
The foreign provision for income taxes is based on foreign pre- tax earnings of $30.5 billion, $36.8 billion and $2 4.0 billion in 2013, 2012 and 
2011, respectively. The Company’ s consolidated financial statements provide for any  related tax liability on undistributed earnings th at the 
Company does not intend to be indefinitely reinvest ed outside the U.S. Substantially all of the Compan y’s undistributed international earnings 
intended to be indefinitely reinvested in operation s outside the U.S. were generated by subsidiaries o rganized in Ireland, which has a statutory 
tax rate of 12.5%. As of September 28, 2013, U.S. i ncome taxes have not been provided on a cumulative total of $54.4 billion of such earnings. 
The amount of unrecognized deferred tax liability r elated to these temporary differences is estimated to be approximately $18.4 billion.  
As of September 28, 2013 and September 29, 2012, $1 11.3 billion and $82.6 billion, respectively, of th e Company’ s cash, cash equivalents and 
marketable securities were held by foreign subsidia ries and are generally based in U.S. dollar-denomin ated holdings. Amounts held by foreign 
subsidiaries are generally subject to U.S. income t axation on repatriation to the U.S.  
A reconciliation of the provision for income taxes,  with the amount computed by applying the statutory  federal income tax rate (35% in 2013, 
2012 and 2011) to income before provision for incom e taxes for 2013, 2012 and 2011, is as follows (in millions):  
   
The Company’ s income taxes payable have been reduced by the tax  benefits from employee stock plan awards. For stoc k options, the Company 
receives an income tax benefit calculated as the ta x effect of the difference  
   
64       2013     2012     2011   
Federal:         
Current     $ 9,334      $ 7,240      $ 3,884    
Deferred       1,878        5,018        2,998    
                               
     11,212        12,258        6,882    
                               
State:         
Current       1,084        1,182        762    
Deferred       (311 )      (123 )      37    
                               
     773        1,059        799    
                               
Foreign:         
Current       1,559        1,203        769    
Deferred       (426 )      (490 )      (167 )  
                               
     1,133        713             602    
                               
Provision for income taxes     $ 13,118      $ 14,030      $ 8,283    
           
          
          
     2013     2012     2011   
Computed expected tax     $ 17,554      $ 19,517      $ 11,973    
State taxes, net of federal effect       508        677        552    
Indefinitely invested earnings of foreign subsidiar ies       (4,614 )      (5,895 )      (3,898 )  
Research and development credit, net       (287 )      (103 )      (167 )  
Domestic production activities deduction       (308 )      (328 )      (168 )  
       
Other       265        162        (9 )  
                               
Provision for income taxes     $ 13,118      $ 14,030      $ 8,283    
           
          
          
Effective tax rate       26.2%        25.2%        24.2%    Table of Contents  
between the fair market value of the stock issued a t the time of the exercise and the exercise price. For RSUs, the Company receives an income 
tax benefit upon the award’s vesting equal to the t ax effect of the underlying stock’ s fair market value. The Company had net excess tax  benefits 
from equity awards of $643 million, $1.4 billion an d $1.1 billion in 2013, 2012 and 2011, respectively , which were reflected as increases to 
common stock.  
As of September 28, 2013 and September 29, 2012, th e significant components of the Company’ s deferred tax assets and liabilities were (in 
millions):  
   
Deferred tax assets and liabilities reflect the eff ects of tax losses, credits, and the future income tax effects of temporary differences between the 
consolidated financial statement carrying amounts o f existing assets and liabilities and their respect ive tax bases and are measured using enacted 
tax rates that apply to taxable income in the years  in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled.  
Uncertain Tax Positions  
Tax positions are evaluated in a two- step process. The Company first determines whether it is more likely than not that a tax position will  be 
sustained upon examination. If a tax position meets  the more-likely-than- not recognition threshold it is then measured to de termine the amount 
of benefit to recognize in the financial statements . The tax position is measured as the largest amoun t of benefit that is greater than 50% likely of 
being realized upon ultimate settlement. The Compan y classifies gross interest and penalties and unrec ognized tax benefits that are not expected 
to result in payment or receipt of cash within one year as non-current liabilities in the Consolidated  Balance Sheets.  
As of September 28, 2013, the total amount of gross  unrecognized tax benefits was $2.7 billion, of whi ch $1.4 billion, if recognized, would 
affect the Company’ s effective tax rate. As of September 29, 2012, the  total amount of gross unrecognized tax benefits wa s $2.1 billion, of 
which $889 million, if recognized, would affect the  Company’s effective tax rate.  
   
65       2013     2012   
Deferred tax assets:       
Accrued liabilities and other reserves     $ 1,892      $ 1,346    
Deferred revenue       1,475        1,145    
Basis of capital assets and investments       1,020        451    
Share -based compensation       458        411    
Other       1,029        947    
                     
Total deferred tax assets       5,874        4,300    
Less valuation allowance       0        0    
                     
Deferred tax assets, net of valuation allowance       5,874        4,300    
                     
Deferred tax liabilities:       
Unremitted earnings of foreign subsidiaries       18,044        14,712    
Other       112        456    
                     
Total deferred tax liabilities       18,156        15,168    
                     
Net deferred tax liabilities     $ (12,282 )    $ (10,868 )  
           
          Table of Contents  
The aggregate changes in the balance of gross unrec ognized tax benefits, which excludes interest and p enalties, for 2013, 2012 and 2011, is as 
follows (in millions):  
   
The Company includes interest and penalties related  to unrecognized tax benefits within the provision for income taxes. As of September 28, 
2013 and September 29, 2012, the total amount of gr oss interest and penalties accrued was $590 million  and $401 million, respectively, which is 
classified as non- current liabilities in the Consolidated Balance She ets. In connection with tax matters, the Company re cognized interest and 
penalty expense in 2013, 2012 and 2011 of $189 mill ion, $140 million and $14 million, respectively.  
The Company is subject to taxation and files income  tax returns in the U.S. federal jurisdiction and i n many state and foreign jurisdictions. For 
U.S. federal income tax purposes, all years prior t o 2004 are closed. The Internal Revenue Service (th e “IRS”) has completed its field audit of 
the Company’ s federal income tax returns for the years 2004 thr ough 2006 and proposed certain adjustments. The Com pany has contested 
certain of these adjustments through the IRS Appeal s Office. The IRS is currently examining the years 2007 through 2012. In addition, the 
Company is also subject to audits by state, local a nd foreign tax authorities. In major states and maj or foreign jurisdictions, the years subsequent 
to 1989 and 2002, respectively, generally remain op en and could be subject to examination by the taxin g authorities.  
Management believes that an adequate provision has been made for any adjustments that may result from tax examinations. However, the 
outcome of tax audits cannot be predicted with cert ainty. If any issues addressed in the Company’ s tax audits are resolved in a manner not 
consistent with management’ s expectations, the Company could be required to ad just its provision for income tax in the period suc h resolution 
occurs. Although timing of the resolution and/or cl osure of audits is not certain, the Company believe s it is reasonably possible that tax audit 
resolutions could reduce its unrecognized tax benef its by between $125 million and $225 million in the  next 12 months.  
Note 6 – Long-Term Debt  
In May 2013, the Company issued floating- and fixed -rate notes with varying maturities for an aggregate  principal amount of $17.0 billion 
(collectively the “Notes”). The Notes are senior un secured obligations, and interest is payable in arr ears, quarterly for the floating- rate notes and 
semi-annually for the fixed-rate notes.  
The principal amounts and associated interest rates  of the Notes as of September 28, 2013, are as foll ows:  
   
   
66       2013     2012     2011   
Beginning Balance     $ 2,062      $ 1,375      $ 943    
Increases related to tax positions taken during a p rior year       745        340        49    
Decreases related to tax positions taken during a p rior year       (118 )      (107 )      (39 )  
Increases related to tax positions taken during the  current year       626        467        425    
Decreases related to settlements with taxing author ities       (592 )      (3 )      0    
Decreases related to expiration of statute of limit ations       (9 )      (10 )      (3 )  
                               
Ending Balance     $ 2,714      $ 2,062      $ 1,375    
           
          
          
     Amount  
(in  millions)      Effective 
Rate   
Floating-rate notes, due 2016     $ 1,000         0.51 %  
Floating -rate notes, due 2018       2,000         1.10 %  
Fixed -rate 0.45% notes due 2016       1,500         0.51 %  
Fixed -rate 1.00% notes due 2018       4,000         1.08 %  
Fixed -rate 2.40% notes due 2023       5,500         2.44 %  
Fixed -rate 3.85% notes due 2043       3,000         3.91 %  
              
Total     $ 17,000       
           
   Table of Contents  
The floating-rate notes due 2016 and 2018 bear inte rest at the three-month London InterBank Offered Ra te (“LIBOR”) plus 0.05% and 0.25%, 
respectively. To manage the risk of fluctuations in  interest rates associated with the floating- rate notes, the Company entered into interest rate 
swaps with an aggregate notional amount of $3.0 bil lion designated as cash flow hedges of its floating -rate notes. These hedges effectively 
convert the floating interest rate on the floating- rate notes to a fixed interest rate. The gains and losses related to changes in the fair value of the 
interest rate swaps are recorded in OCI with a port ion reclassified to interest expense each period to  offset changes in interest rates on the 
floating-rate notes. The effective rates for the Notes inclu de the interest on the Notes, amortization of the d iscount and, if applicable, adjustments 
related to hedging. The Company recognized $136 mil lion of interest expense for the year ended Septemb er 28, 2013. As of September 28, 
2013, the aggregate unamortized discount for the Co mpany’s Notes was $40 million.  
Future principal payments for the Company’s Notes a s of September 28, 2013, are as follows (in million s):  
   
As of September 28, 2013, the fair value of the Com pany’s Notes, based on Level 2 inputs, was $15.9 bi llion.  
Note 7 – Shareholders’ Equity  
Preferred Stock  
The Company has five million shares of authorized p referred stock, none of which is issued or outstand ing. Under the terms of the Company’ s 
Restated Articles of Incorporation, the Board of Di rectors is authorized to determine or alter the rig hts, preferences, privileges and restrictions of 
the Company’s authorized but unissued shares of pre ferred stock.  
Dividend and Stock Repurchase Program  
The Company declared and paid cash dividends per co mmon share during the periods presented as follows:   
   
The Company paid cash dividends of $2.65 per share,  totaling $2.5 billion, during the fourth quarter o f 2012. Future dividends are subject to 
declaration by the Board of Directors.  
In 2012, the Company’s Board of Directors authorize d a program to repurchase up to $10 billion of the Company’ s common stock beginning in 
2013. In April 2013, the Company’ s Board of Directors increased the share repurchase  program authorization from $10 billion to $60 bill ion, of 
which $23.0 billion had been utilized  
   
67  2014     $ 0    
2015       0    
2016       2,500    
2017       0    
2018       6,000    
Thereafter       8,500    
           
Total     $ 17,000    
           
     2013   
     Dividends 
 Per Share       Amount  
(in  
millions)   
First quarter     $     2.65       $ 2,486    
Second quarter     $ 2.65         2,490    
Third quarter     $ 3.05         2,789    
Fourth quarter     $ 3.05         2,763    
              
      $ 10,528    
              Table of Contents  
as of September 28, 2013. The Company’ s share repurchase program does not obligate it to acquire any specific number of shares. Under the 
program, shares may be repurchased in privately neg otiated and/or open market transactions, including under plans complying with Rule 10b5- 1 
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”).  
In August 2012, the Company entered into an acceler ated share repurchase arrangement (“ASR”) with a financial institution to purchase up to 
$1.95 billion of the Company’ s common stock in 2013. In the first quarter of 201 3, 2.6 million shares were initially delivered to t he Company. In 
April 2013, the purchase period for the ASR ended a nd an additional 1.5 million shares were delivered to the Company. In total, 4.1 million 
shares were delivered under the ASR at an average r epurchase price of $478.20 per share. The shares we re retired in the quarters they were 
delivered, and the up-front payment of $1.95 billio n was accounted for as a reduction to shareholders’  equity in the Company’ s Consolidated 
Balance Sheet in the first quarter of 2013.  
In April 2013, the Company entered into a new ASR p rogram with two financial institutions to purchase up to $12 billion of the Company’ s 
common stock. In exchange for up-front payments tot aling $12 billion, the financial institutions commi tted to deliver shares during the ASR’ s 
purchase periods, which will end during 2014. The t otal number of shares ultimately delivered, and the refore the average price paid per share, 
will be determined at the end of the applicable pur chase period based on the volume weighted average p rice of the Company’ s stock during that 
period. During the third quarter of 2013, 23.5 mill ion shares were initially delivered to the Company and retired. This does not represent the final 
number of shares to be delivered under the ASR. The  up-front payments of $12 billion were accounted fo r as a reduction to shareholders’ equity 
in the Company’s Consolidated Balance Sheet.  
The Company reflected the ASRs as a repurchase of c ommon stock for purposes of calculating earnings pe r share and as forward contracts 
indexed to its own common stock. The forward contra cts met all of the applicable criteria for equity c lassification, and, therefore, were not 
accounted for as derivative instruments.  
During 2013, the Company repurchased 19.4 million s hares of its common stock in the open market at an average price of $464.11 per share for 
a total of $9.0 billion. These shares were retired upon repurchase.  
Note 8 – Comprehensive Income  
Comprehensive income consists of two components, ne t income and other comprehensive income. Other comp rehensive income refers to 
revenue, expenses, and gains and losses that under GAAP are recorded as an element of shareholders’ equity but are excluded from net income. 
The Company’ s other comprehensive income consists of foreign cu rrency translation adjustments from those subsidiar ies not using the U.S. 
dollar as their functional currency, net deferred g ains and losses on certain derivative instruments a ccounted for as cash flow hedges, and 
unrealized gains and losses on marketable securitie s classified as available-for-sale.  
The following table shows the components of AOCI, n et of taxes, as of September 28, 2013 and September  29, 2012 (in millions):  
   
   
68       2013     2012   
Cumulative foreign currency translation     $ (105 )    $ 8    
Net unrecognized gains/losses on derivative instrum ents       (175 )      (240 )  
Net unrealized gains/losses on marketable securitie s       (191 )      731    
                     
Accumulated other comprehensive income/(loss)     $ (471 )    $ 499    
           
          Table of Contents  
Note 9 – Benefit Plans  
Stock Plans  
2003 Employee Stock Plan  
The 2003 Employee Stock Plan (the “2003 Plan”) is a  shareholder approved plan that provides for broad- based equity grants to employees, 
including executive officers. The 2003 Plan permits  the granting of incentive stock options, nonstatut ory stock options, RSUs, stock appreciation 
rights, stock purchase rights and performance- based awards. Options granted under the 2003 Plan g enerally expire seven to ten years after the 
grant date and generally become exercisable over a period of four years, based on continued employment , with either annual, semi- annual or 
quarterly vesting. RSUs granted under the 2003 Plan  generally vest over two to four years, based on co ntinued employment and are settled upon 
vesting in shares of the Company’s common stock on a one-for- one basis. Each share issued with respect to an awa rd granted under the 2003 
Plan (other than a stock option or stock appreciati on right) reduces the number of shares available fo r grant under the plan by two shares, 
whereas shares issued in respect of an option or st ock appreciation right count against the number of shares available for grant on a one-for- one 
basis. All RSUs, other than RSUs held by the Chief Executive Officer, granted under the 2003 Plan have  dividend equivalent rights (“DER” ), 
which entitle holders of RSUs to the same dividend value per share as holders of common stock. DER are  subject to the same vesting and other 
terms and conditions as the corresponding unvested RSUs. DER are accumulated and paid when the underly ing shares vest. As of September 28, 
2013, approximately 28.3 million shares were reserv ed for future issuance under the 2003 Plan.  
1997 Director Stock Plan  
The 1997 Director Stock Plan (the “Director Plan”) is a shareholder approved plan that (i) permits the  Company to grant awards of RSUs or 
stock options to the Company’s non-employee directo rs, (ii) provides for automatic initial grants of R SUs upon a non- employee director joining 
the Board of Directors and automatic annual grants of RSUs at each annual meeting of shareholders, and  (iii) permits the Board of Directors to 
prospectively change the relative mixture of stock options and RSUs for the initial and annual award g rants and the methodology for determining 
the number of shares of the Company’ s common stock subject to these grants without shar eholder approval. Each share issued with respect to  
RSUs granted under the Director Plan reduces the nu mber of shares available for grant under the plan b y two shares. The Director Plan expires 
November 9, 2019. All RSUs granted under the Direct or Plan are entitled to DER. As of September 28, 20 13, approximately 176,000 shares 
were reserved for future issuance under the Directo r Plan.  
Rule 10b5 -1 Trading Plans  
During the fourth quarter of 2013, executive office rs Timothy D. Cook, Peter Oppenheimer, D. Bruce Sew ell, Philip W. Schiller, Daniel Riccio 
and Jeffrey E. Williams and director William V. Cam pbell had equity trading plans in place in accordan ce with Rule 10b5- 1(c)(1) under the 
Exchange Act. An equity trading plan is a written d ocument that pre- establishes the amounts, prices and dates (or formu la for determining the 
amounts, prices and dates) of future purchases or s ales of the Company’s stock, including shares acqui red pursuant to the Company’ s employee 
and director equity plans.  
Employee Stock Purchase Plan  
The Employee Stock Purchase Plan (the “Purchase Pla n”) is a shareholder approved plan under which substant ially all employees may purchase 
the Company’ s common stock through payroll deductions at a pric e equal to 85% of the lower of the fair market valu es of the stock as of the 
beginning or the end of six-month offering periods.  An employee’ s payroll deductions under the Purchase Plan are li mited to 10% of the 
employee’ s compensation and employees may not purchase more than $25,000 of stock during any calendar year. As of September 28, 2013, 
approximately 1.8 million shares were reserved for future issuance under the Purchase Plan.  
   
69  Table of Contents  
401(k) Plan  
The Company’s 401(k) Plan (the “401(k) Plan”) is a deferred salary arrangement under Section 401( k) of the Internal Revenue Code. Under the 
401(k) Plan, participating U.S. employees may defer  a portion of their pre- tax earnings, up to the IRS annual contribution lim it ($17,500 for 
calendar year 2013). The Company matches 50% to 100 % of each employee’ s contributions, depending on length of service, up  to a maximum 
6% of the employee’s eligible earnings. The Company ’s matching contributions to the 401(k) Plan were $1 35 million, $114 million and $90 
million in 2013, 2012 and 2011, respectively.  
Restricted Stock Units  
A summary of the Company’s RSU activity and related  information for 2013, 2012 and 2011, is as follows :  
   
The fair value as of the respective vesting dates o f RSUs was $3.1 billion, $3.3 billion and $1.5 bill ion for 2013, 2012 and 2011, respectively. 
The majority of RSUs that vested in 2013, 2012 and 2011 were net- share settled such that the Company withheld shares  with value equivalent to 
the employees’ minimum statutory obligation for the applicable inc ome and other employment taxes, and remitted the ca sh to the appropriate 
taxing authorities. The total shares withheld were approximately 2.2 million, 2.3 million and 1.6 mill ion for 2013, 2012 and 2011, respectively, 
and were based on the value of the RSUs on their re spective vesting dates as determined by the Company ’s closing stock price. Total payments 
for the employees’ tax obligations to taxing authorities were $1.1 bil lion, $1.2 billion and $520 million in 2013, 2012 a nd 2011, respectively, and 
are reflected as a financing activity within the Co nsolidated Statements of Cash Flows. These net- share settlements had the effect of share 
repurchases by the Company as they reduced and reti red the number of shares that would have otherwise been issued as a result of the vesting 
and did not represent an expense to the Company.  
   
70       Number of  
RSUs  
(in thousands)     Weighted -
 
Average  
Grant  
Date Fair 
Value      Aggregate  
Intrinsic  
Value  
(in millions)   
Balance at September 25, 2010       13,034      $ 165.63       
RSUs granted       6,667      $ 312.63       
RSUs vested       (4,513 )    $ 168.08       
RSUs cancelled       (742 )    $ 189.08       
                
Balance at September 24, 2011       14,446      $ 231.49       
RSUs granted       7,799      $ 431.35       
RSUs vested       (6,305 )    $ 205.27       
RSUs cancelled       (935 )    $ 256.01       
                
Balance at September 29, 2012       15,005      $ 344.87       
RSUs granted       5,631      $ 547.62       
RSUs vested       (6,042 )    $ 321.73       
RSUs cancelled       (1,268 )    $ 401.17       
                
Balance at September 28, 2013       13,326      $ 435.70       $ 6,433    
           
     Table of Contents  
Stock Options  
A summary of the Company’s stock option activity an d related information for 2013, 2012 and 2011, is a s follows:  
   
Aggregate intrinsic value represents the value of t he Company’ s closing stock price on the last trading day of th e period in excess of the 
weighted- average exercise price multiplied by the number of options outstanding or exercisable. Total intrinsic  value of options at time of 
exercise was $1.0 billion, $2.3 billion and $2.6 bi llion for 2013, 2012 and 2011, respectively.  
Share-based Compensation  
The Company granted 8,000 and 1,370 stock options d uring 2013 and 2011, respectively. The weighted- average grant date fair value per share 
of stock options granted during 2013 and 2011 was $ 294.84 and $181.13, respectively. The Company did n ot grant any stock options during 
2012.  
During 2013 and 2012, in conjunction with certain b usiness combinations, the Company assumed 29,000 an d 41,000 stock options, respectively, 
which had a weighted- average fair value per share of $407.80 and $405.39 , respectively. The Company did not assume any stoc k options during 
2011.  
The weighted-average fair value of stock purchase r ights per share was $115.19, $108.44 and $71.47 dur ing 2013, 2012 and 2011, respectively.  
   
71       Outstanding Options   
     Number of  
Options  
(in thousands)     Weighted -
 
Average  
Exercise  
Price      Weighted -  
Average  
Remaining 
Contractual 
 
Term  
(in years)      Aggregate  
Intrinsic  
Value  
(in millions)   
Balance at September 25, 2010       21,725      $ 90.46          
Options granted       1      $ 342.62          
Options cancelled       (163 )    $ 128.42          
Options exercised       (9,697 )    $ 67.63          
                   
Balance at September 24, 2011       11,866      $ 108.64          
Options assumed       41      $ 30.86          
Options cancelled       (25 )    $ 103.22          
Options exercised       (5,337 )    $ 84.85          
                   
Balance at September 29, 2012       6,545      $ 127.56          
Options granted       8      $ 30.36          
Options assumed       29      $ 210.08          
Options cancelled       (8 )    $ 108.87          
Options exercised       (2,480 )    $ 108.33          
                   
Balance at September 28, 2013       4,094      $ 139.65         1.1       $ 1,405    
           
        
Exercisable at September 28, 2013       4,072      $ 140.07         1.0       $ 1,396    
Expected to vest after September 28, 2013       22      $ 61.93         7.8       $ 9    Table of Contents  
The following table shows a summary of the share- based compensation expense included in the Consolid ated Statements of Operations for 2013, 
2012 and 2011 (in millions):  
   
The income tax benefit related to share- based compensation expense was $816 million, $567 m illion and $467 million for 2013, 2012 and 2011, 
respectively. As of September 28, 2013, the total u nrecognized compensation cost related to outstandin g stock options and RSUs was $4.7 
billion, which the Company expects to recognize ove r a weighted-average period of 3.0 years.  
Note 10 – Commitments and Contingencies  
Accrued Warranty and Indemnification  
The Company offers a basic limited parts and labor warranty on its hardware products. The basic warran ty period for hardware products is 
typically one year from the date of purchase by the  end-user. The Company also offers a 90-day basic warranty for its service parts used to repair  
the Company’ s hardware products. The Company provides currently  for the estimated cost that may be incurred under its basic limited product 
warranties at the time related revenue is recognize d. Factors considered in determining appropriate ac cruals for product warranty obligations 
include the size of the installed base of products subject to warranty protection, historical and proj ected warranty claim rates, historical and 
projected cost-per-claim, and knowledge of specific  product failures that are outside of the Company’ s typical experience. The Company 
assesses the adequacy of its pre- existing warranty liabilities and adjusts the amoun ts as necessary based on actual experience and chan ges in 
future estimates.  
The following table shows changes in the Company’s accrued warranties and related costs for 2013, 2012  and 2011 (in millions):  
   
The Company generally does not indemnify end- users of its operating system and application softw are against legal claims that the software 
infringes third- party intellectual property rights. Other agreement s entered into by the Company sometimes include ind emnification provisions 
under which the Company could be subject to costs a nd/or damages in the event of an infringement claim  against the Company or an 
indemnified third- party. However, the Company has not been required t o make any significant payments resulting from such  an infringement 
claim asserted against it or an indemnified third- party and, in the opinion of management, does not h ave a potential liability related to unresolved 
infringement claims subject to indemnification that  would materially adversely affect its financial co ndition or operating results. Therefore, the 
Company did not record a liability for infringement  costs related to indemnification as of either Sept ember 28, 2013 or September 29, 2012.  
The Company has entered into indemnification agreem ents with its directors and executive officers. Und er these agreements, the Company has 
agreed to indemnify such individuals to the fullest  extent permitted by law against liabilities that a rise by reason of their status as directors or 
officers and to advance expenses incurred by such  
   
72       2013      2012      2011   
Cost of sales     $ 350       $ 265       $ 200    
Research and development       917         668         450    
Selling, general and administrative       986         807         518    
                                 
Total share -based compensation expense     $  2,253       $  1,740       $  1,168    
           
           
           
     2013     2012     2011   
Beginning accrued warranty and related costs     $ 1,638      $ 1,240      $ 761    
Cost of warranty claims       (3,703 )      (1,786 )      (1,147 )  
Accruals for product warranty       5,032        2,184        1,626    
                               
Ending accrued warranty and related costs     $ 2,967      $ 1,638      $ 1,240    
           
          
          Table of Contents  
individuals in connection with related legal procee dings. It is not possible to determine the maximum potential amount of payments the 
Company could be required to make under these agree ments due to the limited history of prior indemnifi cation claims and the unique facts and 
circumstances involved in each claim. However, the Company maintains directors and officers liability insurance coverage to reduce its 
exposure to such obligations, and payments made und er these agreements historically have not been mate rial.  
Concentrations in the Available Sources of Supply o f Materials and Product  
Although most components essential to the Company’ s business are generally available from multiple so urces, a number of components are 
currently obtained from single or limited sources. In addition, the Company competes for various compo nents with other participants in the 
markets for mobile communication and media devices and personal computers. Therefore, many components used by the Company, including 
those that are available from multiple sources, are  at times subject to industry- wide shortage and significant pricing fluctuations that can 
materially adversely affect the Company’s financial  condition and operating results.  
The Company uses some custom components that are no t commonly used by its competitors, and new product s introduced by the Company 
often utilize custom components available from only  one source. When a component or product uses new t echnologies, initial capacity 
constraints may exist until the suppliers’ yields h ave matured or manufacturing capacity has increased . If the Company’ s supply of components 
for a new or existing product were delayed or const rained, or if an outsourcing partner delayed shipme nts of completed products to the 
Company, the Company’s financial condition and oper ating results could be materially adversely affecte d. The Company’ s business and 
financial performance could also be materially adve rsely affected depending on the time required to ob tain sufficient quantities from the original 
source, or to identify and obtain sufficient quanti ties from an alternative source. Continued availabi lity of these components at acceptable prices, 
or at all, may be affected if those suppliers conce ntrated on the production of common components inst ead of components customized to meet 
the Company’s requirements.  
The Company has entered into various agreements for  the supply of components; however, there can be no  guarantee that the Company will be 
able to extend or renew these agreements on similar  terms, or at all. Therefore, the Company remains s ubject to significant risks of supply 
shortages and price increases that can materially a dversely affect its financial condition and operati ng results.  
Substantially all of the Company’ s hardware products are manufactured by outsourcing  partners that are located primarily in Asia. A sig nificant 
concentration of this manufacturing is currently pe rformed by a small number of outsourcing partners, often in single locations. Certain of these 
outsourcing partners are the sole-sourced suppliers  of components and manufacturers for many of the Co mpany’s products. Although the 
Company works closely with its outsourcing partners  on manufacturing schedules, the Company’ s operating results could be adversely affected 
if its outsourcing partners were unable to meet the ir production commitments. The Company’ s purchase commitments typically cover its 
requirements for periods up to 150 days.  
Other Off-Balance Sheet Commitments  
Lease Commitments  
The Company leases various equipment and facilities , including retail space, under noncancelable opera ting lease arrangements. The Company 
does not currently utilize any other off- balance sheet financing arrangements. The major fac ility leases are typically for terms not exceeding 10 
years and generally provide renewal options for ter ms not exceeding five additional years. Leases for retail space are for terms ranging from five 
to 20 years, the majority of which are for 10 years , and often contain multi-year renewal options. As of September 28, 2013, the Company’ s total 
future minimum lease payments under noncancelable o perating leases were $4.7 billion, of which $3.5 bi llion related to leases for retail space.  
   
73  Table of Contents  
Rent expense under all operating leases, including both cancelable and noncancelable leases, was $645 million, $488 million and $338 million in 
2013, 2012 and 2011, respectively. Future minimum l ease payments under noncancelable operating leases having remaining terms in excess of 
one year as of September 28, 2013, are as follows ( in millions):  
   
Other Commitments  
As of September 28, 2013, the Company had outstandi ng off-balance sheet third- party manufacturing commitments and component purch ase 
commitments of $18.6 billion.  
In addition to the off- balance sheet commitments mentioned above, the Comp any had outstanding obligations of $1.3 billion as of September 28, 
2013, which consisted mainly of commitments to acqu ire capital assets, including product tooling and m anufacturing process equipment, and 
commitments related to advertising, research and de velopment, Internet and telecommunications services  and other obligations.  
Contingencies  
The Company is subject to various legal proceedings  and claims that have arisen in the ordinary course  of business and that have not been fully 
adjudicated. In the opinion of management, there wa s not at least a reasonable possibility the Company  may have incurred a material loss, or a 
material loss in excess of a recorded accrual, with  respect to loss contingencies. However, the outcom e of litigation is inherently uncertain. 
Therefore, although management considers the likeli hood of such an outcome to be remote, if one or mor e of these legal matters were resolved 
against the Company in a reporting period for amoun ts in excess of management’s expectations, the Comp any’s consolidated financial 
statements for that reporting period could be mater ially adversely affected.  
Apple Inc. v. Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd, et al.  
On August 24, 2012, a jury returned a verdict award ing the Company $1.05 billion in its lawsuit agains t Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd and 
affiliated parties in the United States District Co urt, Northern District of California, San Jose Divi sion. On March 1, 2013, the District Court 
upheld $599 million of the jury’ s award and ordered a new trial as to the remainder . Because the award is subject to entry of final ju dgment, 
partial re-trial and appeal, the Company has not re cognized the award in its results of operations.  
VirnetX, Inc. v. Apple Inc. et al.  
On August 11, 2010, VirnetX, Inc. filed an action a gainst the Company alleging that certain of its pro ducts infringed on four patents relating to 
network communications technology. On November 6, 2 012, a jury returned a verdict against the Company,  and awarded damages of $368 
million. The Company is challenging the verdict, be lieves it has valid defenses and has not recorded a  loss accrual at this time.  
   
74  2014     $ 610    
2015       613    
2016       587    
2017       551    
2018       505    
Thereafter       1,855    
           
Total minimum lease payments     $ 4,721    
           Table of Contents  
Note 11 – Segment Information and Geographic Data  
The Company reports segment information based on th e “management” approach. The management approach designates the in ternal reporting 
used by management for making decisions and assessi ng performance as the source of the Company’s repor table segments.  
The Company manages its business primarily on a geo graphic basis. The Company’ s reportable operating segments consist of the Amer icas, 
Europe, Greater China, Japan, Rest of Asia Pacific and Retail operations. The Americas segment include s both North and South America. The 
Europe segment includes European countries, as well  as India, the Middle East and Africa. The Greater China segment includes China, Hong 
Kong and Taiwan. The Rest of Asia Pacific segment i ncludes Australia and Asian countries, other than t hose countries included in the 
Company’ s other operating segments. The Retail segment oper ates Apple retail stores in 13 countries, including  the U.S. The results of the 
Company’ s geographic segments do not include results of the  Retail segment. Each operating segment provides si milar hardware and software 
products and similar services. The accounting polic ies of the various segments are the same as those d escribed in Note 1, “ Summary of 
Significant Accounting Policies.”  
The Company evaluates the performance of its operat ing segments based on net sales and operating incom e. Net sales for geographic segments 
are generally based on the location of customers, w hile Retail segment net sales are based on sales th rough the Company’ s retail stores. 
Operating income for each segment includes net sale s to third parties, related cost of sales and opera ting expenses directly attributable to the 
segment. Advertising expenses are generally include d in the geographic segment in which the expenditur es are incurred. Operating income for 
each segment excludes other income and expense and certain expenses managed outside the operating segm ents. Costs excluded from segment 
operating income include various corporate expenses  such as research and development, corporate market ing expenses, share- based 
compensation expense, income taxes, various nonrecu rring charges, and other separately managed general  and administrative costs and certain 
manufacturing period expenses. The Company does not  include intercompany transfers between segments fo r management reporting purposes.  
Segment assets include receivables and inventories,  and for the Retail segment also includes capital a ssets. Segment assets exclude corporate 
assets, such as cash and cash equivalents, short-te rm and long-term marketable securities, vendor non- trade receivables, other long- term 
investments, manufacturing and corporate facilities , product tooling and manufacturing process equipme nt, miscellaneous corporate 
infrastructure, goodwill and other acquired intangi ble assets. Except for the Retail segment, capital asset purchases for long- lived assets are not 
reported to management by segment and therefore are  excluded from the geographic segment assets and in stead included in corporate assets. 
Cash payments for capital asset purchases by the Re tail segment were $495 million, $858 million and $6 12 million for 2013, 2012 and 2011, 
respectively. The Company’ s total depreciation and amortization was $6.8 bill ion, $3.3 billion and $1.8 billion in 2013, 2012 an d 2011, 
respectively, of which $382 million, $319 million a nd $273 million was related to the Retail segment i n the respective years. Depreciation and 
amortization on segment assets included in the geog raphic segments was not significant.  
   
75  Table of Contents  
The following table shows information by operating segment for 2013, 2012 and 2011 (in millions):  
   
A reconciliation of the Company’ s segment operating income to the consolidated fina ncial statements for 2013, 2012 and 2011, is as fol lows (in 
millions):  
   
The following table shows total assets by segment a nd a reconciliation to the consolidated financial s tatements as of September 28, 2013 and 
September 29, 2012 (in millions):  
   
   
76       2013      2012      2011   
Americas:           
Net sales     $ 62,739       $ 57,512       $ 38,315    
Operating income     $ 22,817       $ 23,414       $ 13,111    
Europe:           
Net sales     $ 37,883       $ 36,323       $ 27,778    
Operating income     $ 13,025       $ 14,869       $ 11,209    
Greater China:           
Net sales     $ 25,417       $ 22,533       $ 12,690    
Operating income     $ 8,541       $ 9,843       $ 5,246    
Japan:           
Net sales     $ 13,462       $ 10,571       $ 5,437    
Operating income     $ 6,819       $ 5,861       $ 2,415    
Rest of Asia Pacific:           
Net sales     $ 11,181       $ 10,741       $ 9,902    
Operating income     $ 3,753       $ 4,253       $ 4,004    
Retail:           
Net sales     $ 20,228       $ 18,828       $ 14,127    
Operating income     $ 4,025       $ 4,613       $ 3,075    
     2013     2012     2011   
Segment operating income     $ 58,980      $ 62,853      $ 39,060    
Other corporate expenses, net       (7,728 )      (5,872 )      (4,102 )  
Share -based compensation expense       (2,253 )      (1,740 )      (1,168 )  
                               
Total operating income     $ 48,999      $ 55,241      $ 33,790    
           
          
          
     2013      2012   
Segment assets:        
Americas     $ 5,653       $ 5,525    
Europe       3,134         3,095    
Greater China       2,943         1,321    
Japan       2,932         1,698    
Rest of Asia -Pacific       923         913    
Retail       3,329         2,725    
                      
Total segment assets       18,914         15,277    
Corporate assets       188,086         160,787    
                      
Total assets     $ 207,000       $ 176,064    
           
           Table of Contents  
The U.S. and China were the only countries that acc ounted for more than 10% of the Company’ s net sales in 2013, 2012 and 2011. There was no 
single customer that accounted for more than 10% of  net sales in 2013, 2012 or 2011. Net sales for 201 3, 2012 and 2011 and long- lived assets as 
of September 28, 2013 and September 29, 2012 are as  follows (in millions):  
   
Information regarding net sales by product for 2013 , 2012 and 2011, is as follows (in millions):  
   
   
77       2013      2012      2011   
Net sales:           
U.S.     $ 66,197       $ 60,949       $ 41,812    
China (a)       25,946         22,797         12,472    
Other countries       78,767         72,762         53,965    
                                 
Total net sales     $ 170,910       $ 156,508       $ 108,249    
           
           
           
     2013      2012          
Long -lived assets:           
U.S.     $ 7,399       $ 6,012       
China (a)       7,403         7,314       
Other countries       2,786         2,560       
                         
Total long -lived assets     $ 17,588       $ 15,886       
           
           
     
(a) China includes Hong Kong. Long- lived assets located in China consist primarily of product tooling and manufacturing process equipment  
and assets related to retail stores and related inf rastructure.  
     2013      2012      2011   
Net Sales by Product:           
iPhone (a)     $ 91,279       $ 78,692       $ 45,998    
iPad (a)       31,980         30,945         19,168    
Mac (a)       21,483         23,221         21,783    
iPod (a)       4,411         5,615         7,453    
iTunes, Software and Services (b)       16,051         12,890         9,373    
Accessories (c)       5,706         5,145         4,474    
                                 
Total net sales     $ 170,910       $ 156,508       $ 108,249    
           
           
             
(a) Includes deferrals and amortization of related non -software services and software upgrade rights.  
(b) Includes revenue from sales on the iTunes Store, th e App Store, the Mac App Store, and the iBooks Stor e, and revenue from sales of 
AppleCare, licensing and other services.  
(c) Includes sales of hardware peripherals and Apple -branded and third -party accessories for iPhone, iPad, Mac and iPod.  Table of Contents  
Note 12 – Selected Quarterly Financial Information (Unaudited)  
The following tables show a summary of the Company’ s quarterly financial information for each of the f our quarters of 2013 and 2012 (in 
millions, except per share amounts):  
   
   
   
78       Fourth Quarter      Third Quarter      Second Quarter      First Quarter   
2013              
Net sales     $ 37,472       $ 35,323       $ 43,603       $ 54,512    
Gross margin     $ 13,871       $ 13,024       $ 16,349       $ 21,060    
Net income     $ 7,512       $ 6,900       $ 9,547       $ 13,078    
Earnings per share (a):              
Basic     $ 8.31       $ 7.51       $ 10.16       $ 13.93    
Diluted     $ 8.26       $ 7.47       $ 10.09       $ 13.81    
     Fourth Quarter      Third Quarter      Second Quarter      First Quarter   
2012              
Net sales     $ 35,966       $ 35,023       $ 39,186       $ 46,333    
Gross margin     $ 14,401       $ 14,994       $ 18,564       $ 20,703    
Net income     $ 8,223       $ 8,824       $ 11,622       $ 13,064    
Earnings per share (a):              
Basic     $ 8.76       $ 9.42       $ 12.45       $ 14.03    
Diluted     $ 8.67       $ 9.32       $ 12.30       $ 13.87    
  
(a) Basic and diluted earnings per share are computed i ndependently for each of the quarters presented. Th erefore, the sum of quarterly basic 
and diluted per share information may not equal ann ual basic and diluted earnings per share.  Table of Contents  
REPORT OF ERNST & YOUNG LLP, INDEPENDENT REGISTERED  PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM  
The Board of Directors and Shareholders of Apple In c.  
We have audited the accompanying consolidated balan ce sheets of Apple Inc. as of September 28, 2013 an d September 29, 2012, and the related 
consolidated statements of operations, comprehensiv e income, shareholders’ equity and cash flows for each of the three years i n the period 
ended September 28, 2013. These financial statement s are the responsibility of the Company’ s management. Our responsibility is to express an 
opinion on these financial statements based on our audits.  
We conducted our audits in accordance with the stan dards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Bo ard (United States). Those standards 
require that we plan and perform the audit to obtai n reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material 
misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a tes t basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclo sures in the financial statements. An audit 
also includes assessing the accounting principles u sed and significant estimates made by management, a s well as evaluating the overall financial 
statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.  
In our opinion, the financial statements referred t o above present fairly, in all material respects, t he consolidated financial position of Apple Inc. 
at September 28, 2013 and September 29, 2012, and t he consolidated results of its operations and its c ash flows for each of the three years in the 
period ended September 28, 2013, in conformity with  U.S. generally accepted accounting principles.  
We also have audited, in accordance with the standa rds of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Boar d (United States), Apple Inc.’ s 
internal control over financial reporting as of Sep tember 28, 2013, based on criteria established in Internal Control – Integrated Framework 
issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations  of the Treadway Commission (1992 framework) and ou r report dated October 29, 2013 
expressed an unqualified opinion thereon.  
/s/ Ernst & Young LLP  
San Jose, California  
October 29, 2013  
   
79  Table of Contents  
REPORT OF ERNST & YOUNG LLP, INDEPENDENT REGISTERED  PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM  
The Board of Directors and Shareholders of Apple In c.  
We have audited Apple Inc.’s internal control over financial reporting as of September 28, 2013, based  on criteria established in Internal Control 
– Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations  of the Treadway Commission (1992 framework) (“ the COSO 
criteria”). Apple Inc.’ s management is responsible for maintaining effecti ve internal control over financial reporting, and f or its assessment of 
the effectiveness of internal control over financia l reporting included in the accompanying Management ’s Annual Report on Internal Control 
Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company’ s internal control over financial reporting based o n our 
audit.  
We conducted our audit in accordance with the stand ards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Boa rd (United States). Those standards 
require that we plan and perform the audit to obtai n reasonable assurance about whether effective inte rnal control over financial reporting was 
maintained in all material respects. Our audit incl uded obtaining an understanding of internal control  over financial reporting, assessing the risk 
that a material weakness exists, testing and evalua ting the design and operating effectiveness of inte rnal control based on the assessed risk, and 
performing such other procedures as we considered n ecessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our 
opinion.  
A company’ s internal control over financial reporting is a pr ocess designed to provide reasonable assurance rega rding the reliability of financial 
reporting and the preparation of financial statemen ts for external purposes in accordance with general ly accepted accounting principles. A 
company’ s internal control over financial reporting include s those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to  the maintenance of records that, in 
reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect th e transactions and dispositions of the assets of th e company; (2) provide reasonable assurance 
that transactions are recorded as necessary to perm it preparation of financial statements in accordanc e with generally accepted accounting 
principles, and that receipts and expenditures of t he company are being made only in accordance with a uthorizations of management and 
directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonabl e assurance regarding prevention or timely detectio n of unauthorized acquisition, use, or 
disposition of the company’s assets that could have  a material effect on the financial statements.  
Because of its inherent limitations, internal contr ol over financial reporting may not prevent or dete ct misstatements. Also, projections of any 
evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are s ubject to the risk that controls may become inadequ ate because of changes in conditions, or that 
the degree of compliance with the policies or proce dures may deteriorate.  
In our opinion, Apple Inc. maintained, in all mater ial respects, effective internal control over finan cial reporting as of September 28, 2013, based 
on the COSO criteria.  
We also have audited, in accordance with the standa rds of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Boar d (United States), the 2013 
consolidated financial statements of Apple Inc. and  our report dated October 29, 2013 expressed an unq ualified opinion thereon.  
/s/ Ernst & Young LLP  
San Jose, California  
October 29, 2013  
   
80  Table of Contents  
None.  
   
Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures  
Based on an evaluation under the supervision and wi th the participation of the Company’s management, t he Company’ s principal executive 
officer and principal financial officer have conclu ded that the Company’s disclosure controls and proc edures as defined in Rules 13a- 15(e) and 
15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 , as amended (“Exchange Act”) were effective as of September 28, 2013 to provide 
reasonable assurance that information required to b e disclosed by the Company in reports that it files  or submits under the Exchange Act is 
(i) recorded, processed, summarized and reported wi thin the time periods specified in the Securities a nd Exchange Commission rules and forms 
and (ii) accumulated and communicated to the Compan y’s management, including its principal executive off icer and principal financial officer, 
as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.  
Inherent Limitations Over Internal Controls  
The Company’ s internal control over financial reporting is desi gned to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial 
reporting and the preparation of financial statemen ts for external purposes in accordance with U.S. ge nerally accepted accounting principles 
(“GAAP”). The Company’s internal control over finan cial reporting includes those policies and procedur es that:  
   
   
   
Management, including the Company’s Chief Executive  Officer and Chief Financial Officer, does not expe ct that the Company’ s internal 
controls will prevent or detect all errors and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well designe d and operated, can provide only reasonable, 
not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Further, the design of a co ntrol system must reflect the fact that there 
are resource constraints, and the benefits of contr ols must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent li mitations in all control 
systems, no evaluation of internal controls can pro vide absolute assurance that all control issues and  instances of fraud, if any, have been 
detected. Also, any evaluation of the effectiveness  of controls in future periods are subject to the r isk that those internal controls may become 
inadequate because of changes in business condition s, or that the degree of compliance with the polici es or procedures may deteriorate.  
Management’s Annual Report on Internal Control Over  Financial Reporting  
The Company’ s management is responsible for establishing and ma intaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in 
Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act). Management conducted an assessment of the effectiveness of the  Company’ s internal control over 
financial reporting based on the criteria set forth  in Internal Control – Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Spo nsoring 
Organizations of the Treadway Commission (1992 fram ework). Based on the Company’ s assessment, management has concluded that its 
internal control over financial reporting was effec tive as of September 28, 2013 to provide reasonable  assurance regarding the reliability of 
financial reporting and the preparation of financia l statements in accordance with GAAP. The Company’ s independent registered public 
accounting firm, Ernst & Young LLP, has issued an a udit report on the Company’ s internal control over financial reporting, which appears in 
Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K.  
   
81  Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Ac counting and Financial Disclosure 
Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
  (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reas onable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the tr ansactions and dispositions of the 
Company ’s assets;  
  (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of fina ncial statements in accordance 
with GAAP, and that the Company’ s receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of the 
Company ’s management and directors; and  
  (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention o r timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use , or disposition of the 
Company ’s assets that could have a material effect on the f inancial statements.  Table of Contents  
Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reportin g  
There were no changes in the Company’ s internal control over financial reporting during the fourth quarter of 2013, which were identified i n 
connection with management’s evaluation required by  paragraph (d) of rules 13a-15 and 15d- 15 under the Exchange Act, that have materially 
affected, or are reasonably likely to materially af fect, the Company’s internal control over financial  reporting.  
   
Not applicable.  
   
82  Item 9B. Other Information Table of Contents  
PART III  
   
The information required by this Item is set forth under the headings “Directors, Executive Officers a nd Corporate Governance” and “Section 16 
(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance” in t he Company’ s 2014 Proxy Statement to be filed with the U.S. Se curities and Exchange 
Commission (“SEC”) within 120 days after September 28, 2013 in connection with the solicitation of pro xies for the Company’ s 2014 annual 
meeting of shareholders and is incorporated herein by reference.  
   
The information required by this Item is set forth under the heading “Executive Compensation” and unde r the subheadings “ Board Oversight of 
Risk Management,” “Compensation of Directors,” “Dir ector Compensation-2013” and “ Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider 
Participation” under the heading “Directors, Execut ive Officers and Corporate Governance” in the Compa ny’s 2014 Proxy Statement to be filed 
with the SEC within 120 days after September 28, 20 13 and is incorporated herein by reference.  
   
The information required by this Item is set forth under the headings “Security Ownership of Certain B eneficial Owners and Management” and 
“Equity Compensation Plan Information” in the Compa ny’s 2014 Proxy Statement to be filed with the SEC wit hin 120 days after September 28, 
2013 and is incorporated herein by reference.  
   
The information required by this Item is set forth under the heading “Review, Approval or Ratification  of Transactions with Related Persons”
and under the subheading “Board Committees” under t he heading “Directors, Executive Officers and Corpo rate Governance” in the Company’ s 
2014 Proxy Statement to be filed with the SEC withi n 120 days after September 28, 2013 and is incorpor ated herein by reference.  
   
The information required by this Item is set forth under the subheadings “Fees Paid to Auditors” and “ Policy on Audit Committee Pre- Approval 
of Audit and Non-Audit Services Performed by the In dependent Registered Public Accounting Firm” under the proposal “ Ratification of 
Appointment of Independent Registered Public Accoun ting Firm” in the Company’ s 2014 Proxy Statement to be filed with the SEC wit hin 120 
days after September 28, 2013 and is incorporated h erein by reference.  
   
83  Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governa nce 
Item 11. Executive Compensation 
Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and  Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transact ions, and Director Independence 
Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services Table of Contents  
PART IV  
   
   
   
   
   
All financial statement schedules have been omitted , since the required information is not applicable or is not present in amounts sufficient to 
require submission of the schedule, or because the information required is included in the consolidate d financial statements and notes thereto 
included in this Form 10-K.  
   
The information required by this Section (a)(3) of Item 15 is set forth on the exhibit index that foll ows the Signatures page of this Form 10-K.  
   
84  Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
(a) Documents filed as part of this report  
(1) All financial statements  
Index to Consolidated Financial Statements    Page   
Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years  ended September 28, 2013, September  29, 2012 and September 24, 2011       45    
Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for  the years ended September  28, 2013, September 29,  2012, and September 24, 
2011       46    
Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 28, 201 3 and September 29, 2012       47    
Consolidated Statements of Shareholders’ Equity for  the years ended September 28, 2013,  September 29,  2012 and September 24, 
2011       48    
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years  ended September 28, 2013, September  29, 2012 and September 24, 2011       49    
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements       50    
Selected Quarterly Financial Information (Unaudited )       78    
Reports of Ernst & Young LLP, Independent Registere d Public Accounting Firm       79    
(2) Financial Statement Schedules  
(3) Exhibits required by Item 601 of Regulation S -K  Table of Contents  
SIGNATURES  
Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d)  of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the regist rant has duly caused this report to be 
signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.  
   
Power of Attorney  
KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each perso n whose signature appears below constitutes and app oints Timothy D. Cook 
and Peter Oppenheimer, jointly and severally, his a ttorneys-in-fact, each with the power of substitution, for him in any  and all capacities, to sign 
any amendments to this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and to file the same, with exhibits thereto and oth er documents in connection therewith, 
with the Securities and Exchange Commission, hereby  ratifying and confirming all that each of said att orneys-in-fact, or his substitute or 
substitutes, may do or cause to be done by virtue h ereof.  
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exch ange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below  by the following persons on behalf of the 
registrant and in the capacities and on the dates i ndicated:  
   
   
85      APPLE INC.  
Date: October 29, 2013    By:    /s/  Peter Oppenheimer          
    Peter Oppenheimer  
    Senior Vice President,  
Chief Financial Officer  
Name    Title   Date 
/s/    Timothy D. Cook          
TIMOTHY D. COOK     Chief Executive Officer and Director  
(Principal Executive Officer)    October 29, 2013 
/s/    Peter Oppenheimer          
PETER OPPENHEIMER     Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer 
(Principal Financial Officer)   October 29, 2013 
/s/    Luca Maestri          
LUCA MAESTRI     Vice President and Corporate Controller (Principal 
Accounting Officer)   October 29, 2013 
/s/    William V. Campbell          
WILLIAM V. CAMPBELL     Director 
  October 29, 2013 
/s/    Millard S. Drexler          
MILLARD S. DREXLER     Director 
  October 29, 2013 
/s/    Al Gore          
AL GORE     Director 
  October 29, 2013 
/s/    Robert A. Iger          
ROBERT A. IGER     Director 
  October 29, 2013 
/s/    Andrea Jung          
ANDREA JUNG     Director 
  October 29, 2013 Table of Contents  
   
86  Name    Title   Date 
/s/    Arthur D. Levinson          
ARTHUR D. LEVINSON     Director 
  October 29, 2013 
/s/    Ronald D. Sugar          
RONALD D. SUGAR     Director 
  October 29, 2013 Table of Contents  
EXHIBIT INDEX  
   
   
87  Exhibit  
Number    
Exhibit Description     Incorporated by  
Reference  
      Form     Exhibit     Filing Date/  
Period End  
Date  
  3.1  
   Restated Articles of Incorporation, filed with the Secretary of State of the State of California on Ju ly 
10, 2009.    10 -Q    3.1    6/27/09 
  3.2     Amended Bylaws of the Registrant, as of April 20, 2 011.    10 -Q    3.2    3/26/11 
  4.1     Form of Common Stock Certificate of the Registrant.     10 -Q    4.1    12/30/06 
  4.2  
   Indenture, dated as of April 29, 2013, between the Registrant and The Bank of New York Mellon 
Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee.    S-3    4.1    4/29/13 
  4.3  
   Officer’s Certificate of the Registrant, dated as o f May 3, 2013, including forms of global notes 
representing the Floating Rate Notes due 2016, Floa ting Rate Notes due 2018, 0.45% Notes due 
2016, 1.00% Notes due 2018, 2.40% Notes due 2023 an d 3.85% Notes due 2043.    8-K    4.1    5/3/13 
10.1*     Amended Employee Stock Purchase Plan, effective as of March 8, 2010.    10 -Q    10.1    3/27/10 
10.2*  
   Form of Indemnification Agreement between the Regis trant and each director and executive officer 
of the Registrant.    10 -Q    10.2    6/27/09 
10.3*     1997 Director Stock Plan, as amended through May 24 , 2012.    10 -Q    10.3    6/30/12 
10.4*     2003 Employee Stock Plan, as amended through Februa ry 25, 2010.    8-K    10.1    3/1/10 
10.5*     Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement effec tive as of November 11, 2008.    10 -Q    10.10    12/27/08 
10.6*     Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement effec tive as of November 16, 2010.    10 -Q    10.10    12/25/10 
10.7*     Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement effec tive as of April 6, 2012.    10 -Q    10.8    3/31/12 
10.8*  
   Summary Description of Amendment, effective as of M ay 24, 2012, to certain Restricted Stock Unit 
Award Agreements outstanding as of April 5, 2012.    10 -Q    10.8    6/30/12 
12.1**     Computation of Ratio of Earnings to Fixed Charges.          
21.1**     Subsidiaries of the Registrant.          
23.1**     Consent of Ernst & Young LLP, Independent Registere d Public Accounting Firm.          
24.1**     Power of Attorney (included on the Signatures page of this Annual Report on Form 10 -K).          
31.1**     Rule 13a -14(a) / 15d -14(a) Certification of Chief Executive Officer.          
31.2**     Rule 13a -14(a) / 15d -14(a) Certification of Chief Financial Officer.          
32.1***     Section 1350 Certifications of Chief Executive Offi cer and Chief Financial Officer.          Table of Contents  
   
88  Exhibit  
Number    
Exhibit Description     Incorporated by  
Reference  
      Form     Exhibit     Filing Date/  
Period End  
Date  
101.INS**     XBRL Instance Document.          
101.SCH**     XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document.          
101.CAL**     XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Docume nt.          
101.DEF**     XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Documen t.          
101.LAB**     XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document.          
101.PRE**     XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Docum ent.          
  
* Indicates management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement.  
** Filed herewith.  
*** Furnished herewith.  Exhibit 12.1 
Apple Inc.  
Computation of Ratio of Earnings to Fixed Charges  
(In millions, except ratios)  
   
       Years ended   
    September 28, 
 
2013     September 29, 
 
2012     September 24, 
 
2011     September 25, 
 
2010     September 26, 
 
2009   
Earnings            
Earnings before income taxes    $ 50,155      $ 55,763      $ 34,205      $ 18,540      $ 12,066    
Add: Fixed Charges      265        98        68        54        46    
                                                  
Total Earnings    $ 50,420      $ 55,861      $ 34,273      $ 18,594      $ 12,112    
          
          
          
          
          
Fixed Charges (a)            
Interest Expense    $ 136      $ 0      $ 0      $ 0      $ 0    
Interest component of rental expense      129        98        68        54        46    
                                                  
Total Fixed Charges    $ 265      $ 98      $ 68      $ 54      $ 46    
          
          
          
          
          
Ratio of Earnings to Fixed Charges (b)      190        570        504        344        263    
  
(a) Fixed charges include the portion of rental expense  that management believes is representative of the interest component.  
(b) The ratio of earnings to fixed charges is computed by dividing Total Earnings by Total Fixed Charges.  Exhibit 21.1 
SUBSIDIARIES OF  
APPLE INC.*  
   
     Jurisdiction  
of  Incorporation 
Apple Sales International     Ireland 
Apple Operations International     Ireland 
Apple Operations Europe     Ireland 
Braeburn Capital, Inc.     Nevada, U.S. 
  
* Pursuant to Item 601(b)(21)(ii) of Regulation S-K , the names of other subsidiaries of Apple Inc. are o mitted because, considered in the 
aggregate, they would not constitute a significant subsidiary as of the end of the year covered by thi s report.  Exhibit 23.1 
Consent of Ernst & Young LLP, Independent Registere d Public Accounting Firm  
We consent to the incorporation by reference in the  following Registration Statements:  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
of our reports dated October 29, 2013 with respect to the consolidated financial statements of Apple I nc., and the effectiveness of internal control 
over financial reporting of Apple Inc., included in  this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended  September 28, 2013.  
/s/ Ernst & Young LLP  
San Jose, California  
October 29, 2013  (1) Registration Statement (Form S -3 ASR No. 333 -188191) of Apple Inc.,  
(2) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333- 184706) pertaining to AuthenTec, Inc. 2007 Stock In centive Plan and AuthenTec, Inc. 2010 
Incentive Plan, as amended,  
(3) Registration Statement (Form S -8 No. 333 -180981) pertaining to Chomp Inc. 2009 Equity Incent ive Plan,  
(4) Registration Statement (Form S -8 No. 333 -179189) pertaining to Anobit Technologies Ltd. Glob al Share Incentive Plan (2006),  
(5) Registration Statement (Form S -8 No. 333 -168279) pertaining to Siri, Inc. 2008 Stock Option/ Stock Issuance Plan,  
(6) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333- 165214) pertaining to Apple Inc. 2003 Employee Stoc k Plan, la la media, inc. 2005 Stock Plan 
and Quattro Wireless, Inc. 2006 Stock Option and Gr ant Plan,  
(7) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333- 146026) pertaining to Apple Inc. 2003 Employee Stoc k Plan and Apple Inc. Amended 
Employee Stock Purchase Plan,  
(8) Registration Statement (Form S -8 No. 333 -125148) pertaining to Employee Stock Purchase Plan and 2003 Employee Stock Plan, and  
(9) Registration Statement (Form S -8 No. 333 -75930) pertaining to 1997 Employee Stock Option Pla n;  Exhibit 31.1 
CERTIFICATIONS  
I, Timothy D. Cook, certify that:  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
Date: October 29, 2013  1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10 -K of Apple Inc.;  
2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain  any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to  state a material fact necessary to 
make the statements made, in light of the circumsta nces under which such statements were made, not mis leading with respect to the period 
covered by this report;  
3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, an d other financial information included in this repo rt, fairly present in all material 
respects the financial condition, results of operat ions and cash flows of the registrant as of, and fo r, the periods presented in this report;  
4. The registrant’ s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible  for establishing and maintaining disclosure contro ls and procedures (as 
defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d- 15(e)) and internal control over financial reportin g (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 
13a -15(f) and 15d -15(f)) for the registrant and have:  
  (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, o r caused such disclosure controls and procedures to  be designed under our 
supervision, to ensure that material information re lating to the registrant, including its consolidate d subsidiaries, is made known to us 
by others within those entities, particularly durin g the period in which this report is being prepared ;  
  (b) Designed such internal control over financial repor ting, or caused such internal control over financia l reporting to be designed under 
our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance re garding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial 
statements for external purposes in accordance with  generally accepted accounting principles;  
  (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant’ s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about 
the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and pr ocedures, as of the end of the period covered by th is report based on such 
evaluation; and  
  (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the regi strant’s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant’ s 
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant’ s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual re port) that has materially affected, or is 
reasonably likely to materially affect, the registr ant ’s internal control over financial reporting; and  
5. The registrant’ s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed,  based on our most recent evaluation of internal co ntrol over financial 
reporting, to the registrant’s auditors and the aud it committee of the registrant’ s board of directors (or persons performing the equ ivalent 
functions):  
  (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesse s in the design or operation of internal control ov er financial reporting which are 
reasonably likely to adversely affect the registran t ’s ability to record, process, summarize, and report  financial information; and  
  (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involv es management or other employees who have a signifi cant role in the registrant’ s 
internal control over financial reporting.  
By:   /s/  Timothy D. Cook         
  Timothy D. Cook 
  Chief Executive Officer Exhibit 31.2 
CERTIFICATIONS  
I, Peter Oppenheimer, certify that:  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
Date: October 29, 2013  1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10 -K of Apple Inc.;  
2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain  any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to  state a material fact necessary to 
make the statements made, in light of the circumsta nces under which such statements were made, not mis leading with respect to the period 
covered by this report;  
3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, an d other financial information included in this repo rt, fairly present in all material 
respects the financial condition, results of operat ions and cash flows of the registrant as of, and fo r, the periods presented in this report;  
4. The registrant’ s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible  for establishing and maintaining disclosure contro ls and procedures (as 
defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d- 15(e)) and internal control over financial reportin g (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 
13a -15(f) and 15d -15(f)) for the registrant and have:  
  (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, o r caused such disclosure controls and procedures to  be designed under our 
supervision, to ensure that material information re lating to the registrant, including its consolidate d subsidiaries, is made known to us 
by others within those entities, particularly durin g the period in which this report is being prepared ;  
  (b) Designed such internal control over financial repor ting, or caused such internal control over financia l reporting to be designed under 
our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance re garding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial 
statements for external purposes in accordance with  generally accepted accounting principles;  
  (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant’ s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about 
the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and pr ocedures, as of the end of the period covered by th is report based on such 
evaluation; and  
  (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the regi strant’s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant’ s 
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant’ s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual re port) that has materially affected, or is 
reasonably likely to materially affect, the registr ant ’s internal control over financial reporting; and  
5. The registrant’ s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed,  based on our most recent evaluation of internal co ntrol over financial 
reporting, to the registrant’s auditors and the aud it committee of the registrant’ s board of directors (or persons performing the equ ivalent 
functions):  
  (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesse s in the design or operation of internal control ov er financial reporting which are 
reasonably likely to adversely affect the registran t ’s ability to record, process, summarize, and report  financial information; and  
  (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involv es management or other employees who have a signifi cant role in the registrant’ s 
internal control over financial reporting.  
By:   /s/   Peter Oppenheimer          
  Peter Oppenheimer  
Senior Vice President,  
Chief Financial Officer  Exhibit 32.1 
CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER  
PURSUANT TO  
18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,  
AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO  
SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  
I, Timothy D. Cook, certify, as of the dates hereof , pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pu rsuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-
Oxley Act of 2002, that the Annual Report of Apple Inc. on Form 10- K for the fiscal year ended September 28, 2013 full y complies with the 
requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Secur ities Exchange Act of 1934 and that information con tained in such Form 10- K fairly presents 
in all material respects the financial condition an d results of operations of Apple Inc. at the dates and for the periods indicated.  
Date: October 29, 2013  
I, Peter Oppenheimer, certify, as of the dates here of, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-
Oxley Act of 2002, that the Annual Report of Apple Inc. on Form 10- K for the fiscal year ended September 28, 2013 full y complies with the 
requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Secur ities Exchange Act of 1934 and that information con tained in such Form 10- K fairly presents 
in all material respects the financial condition an d results of operations of Apple Inc. at the dates and for the periods indicated.  
Date: October 29, 2013  
A signed original of this written statement require d by Section 906 has been provided to Apple Inc. an d will be retained by Apple Inc. and 
furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission  or its staff upon request.  By:   /s/  Timothy D. Cook          
  Timothy D. Cook 
  Chief Executive Officer 
By:   /s/  Peter Oppenheimer          
  Peter Oppenheimer 
  Senior Vice President,  
Chief Financial Officer  