APPLE INC
FORM 10-K
(Annual Report)
Filed 10/27/14 for the Period Ending 09/27/14
  
  
Address
ONE INFINITE LOOP
CUPERTINO, CA 95014
Telephone
(408) 996-1010
CIK
0000320193
Symbol
AAPL
SIC Code
3571 - Electronic Computers
Industry
Computer Hardware
Sector
Technology
Fiscal Year
09/27
http://www.edgar-online.com
© Copyright 2015, EDGAR Online, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Distribution and use of this document restricted under EDGAR Online, Inc. Terms of Use.
Table of Contents  
      
UNITED STATES  
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  
Washington, D.C. 20549  
   
Form 10-K  
(Mark One)  
For the fiscal year ended September 27, 2014  
or  
   
For the transition period from                           to                           
Commission file number: 000-10030  
   
   
  
APPLE INC.  
(Exact name of registrant as specified in its chart er)  
   
   
   
Registrant’s telephone number, including area code:  (408) 996-1010  
   
Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:  
   
Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None  
Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well- known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of th e Securities Act.  
Yes        No   /box2  
Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not req uired to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Sec tion 15(d) of the Act.  
Yes   /box2     No     
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) h as filed all reports required to be filed by Sectio n 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 193 4 during the 
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period tha t the registrant was required to file such reports) , and (2) has been subject to such filing requireme nts for the 
past 90 days.  
Yes        No   /box2  
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has s ubmitted electronically and posted on its corporate  Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File requ ired to be 
submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regula tion S-T (§232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 1 2 months (or for such shorter period that the 
registrant was required to submit and post such fil es).  
Yes        No   /box2  
Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K (§229.405 of this chapter) is not contained herein,  and will not be 
contained, to the best of the registrant’s knowledg e, in definitive proxy or information statements in corporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10 -K or any 
amendment to this Form 10-K.     
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a no n-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the 
definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelera ted filer” and “smaller reporting company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.  
   
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act) .  
Yes   /box2     No     
The aggregate market value of the voting and non-vo ting stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant , as of March 28, 2014, the last business day of th e registrant’ s 
most recently completed second fiscal quarter, was approximately $462,522,000,000. Solely for purposes  of this disclosure, shares of common stock held by  
executive officers and directors of the registrant as of such date have been excluded because such per sons may be deemed to be affiliates. This determina tion of 
executive officers and directors as affiliates is n ot necessarily a conclusive determination for any o ther purposes.  
5,864,840,000 shares of common stock were issued an d outstanding as of October 10, 2014.  
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE  
Portions of the registrant’s definitive proxy state ment relating to its 2015 annual meeting of shareho lders (the “2015 Proxy Statement”) are incorporated by reference 
into Part III of this Annual Report on Form 10- K where indicated. The 2015 Proxy Statement will be  filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commis sion within 
120 days after the end of the fiscal year to which this report relates.  
           
  
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF TH E SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934  
/box2 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) O F THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934  
  
  
California   94 -2404110 
(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or or ganization)   (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
1 Infinite Loop  
Cupertino, California    95014 
(Address of principal executive offices)   (Zip Code) 
  
Common Stock, $0.00001 par value per share   The NASDAQ Stock Market LLC 
(Title of class)   (Name of exchange on which regis tered) 
  
Large accelerated filer        Accelerated filer    /box2 
Non -accelerated filer    /box2   (Do not check if a smaller reporting company)     Smaller reporting company    /box2 Table of Contents  
Apple Inc.  
Form 10-K  
For the Fiscal Year Ended September 27, 2014  
TABLE OF CONTENTS  
   
    Page   
Part I    
Item 1.    Business      1    
Item 1A.   Risk Factors      9    
Item 1B.   Unresolved Staff Comments      19    
Item 2.    Properties      20    
Item 3.    Legal Proceedings      20    
Item 4.    Mine Safety Disclosures      21    
Part II    
Item 5.    Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stoc kholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Secu rities      21    
Item 6.    Selected Financial Data      24    
Item 7.    Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial C ondition and Results of Operations      25    
Item 7A.   Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Mark et Risk      42    
Item 8.    Financial Statements and Supplementary Data      44    
Item 9.    Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Ac counting and Financial Disclosure      83    
Item 9A.   Controls and Procedures      83    
Item 9B.   Other Information      84    
Part III    
Item 10.   Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governa nce      84    
Item 11.   Executive Compensation      84    
Item 12.   Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and  Management and Related Stockholder Matters      84    
Item 13.   Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence      84    
Item 14.   Principal Accounting Fees and Services      84    
Part IV    
Item 15.   Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules      85    Table of Contents  
This Annual Report on Form 10-K (“Form 10-K”) conta ins forward-looking statements, within the meaning of the Private Secur ities Litigation 
Reform Act of 1995, that involve risks and uncertai nties. Many of the forward-looking statements are l ocated in Part II, Item 7 of this Form 10- K 
under the heading “Management’s Discussion and Anal ysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operatio ns.” Forward- looking statements 
provide current expectations of future events based  on certain assumptions and include any statement t hat does not directly relate to any 
historical or current fact. Forward-looking stateme nts can also be identified by words such as “future ,” “anticipates,” “believes,” “estimates, ”
“expects,” “intends,” “will,” “would,” “could,” “ca n,” “may,” and similar terms. Forward- looking statements are not guarantees of future per formance 
and the Company’s actual results may differ signifi cantly from the results discussed in the forward-lo oking statements. Factors that might cause 
such differences include, but are not limited to, t hose discussed in Part I, Item 1A of this Form 10-K  under the heading “Risk Factors,” which are 
incorporated herein by reference. All information p resented herein is based on the Company’ s fiscal calendar. Unless otherwise stated, referen ces 
to particular years, quarters, months or periods re fer to the Company’ s fiscal years ended in September and the associate d quarters, months and 
periods of those fiscal years. Each of the terms th e “Company” and “Apple” as used herein refers collect ively to Apple Inc. and its wholly- owned 
subsidiaries, unless otherwise stated. The Company assumes no obligation to revise or update any forwa rd-looking statements for any reason, 
except as required by law.  
PART I  
   
Company Background  
The Company designs, manufactures, and markets mobi le communication and media devices, personal comput ers, and portable digital music 
players, and sells a variety of related software, s ervices, accessories, networking solutions, and thi rd-party digital content and applications. The 
Company’s products and services include iPhone ® , iPad ® , Mac ® , iPod ® , Apple TV ® , a portfolio of consumer and professional software 
applications, the iOS and OS X ® operating systems, iCloud ® , and a variety of accessory, service and support off erings. In September 2014, the 
Company announced Apple Watch™, which is expected t o be available in early calendar year 2015, and App le Pay™, which became available in 
the U.S. in October 2014. The Company also sells an d delivers digital content and applications through  the iTunes Store ® , App Store™, iBooks 
Store™ and Mac App Store. The Company sells its pro ducts worldwide through its retail stores, online s tores and direct sales force, as well as 
through third-party cellular network carriers, whol esalers, retailers and value-added resellers. In ad dition, the Company sells a variety of third- party 
iPhone, iPad, Mac and iPod compatible products, inc luding application software, and various accessorie s, through its online and retail stores. The 
Company sells to consumers, small and mid-sized bus inesses (“SMB”) and education, enterprise and gover nment customers. The Company’ s 
fiscal year is the 52 or 53-week period that ends o n the last Saturday of September. The Company is a California corporation established in 1977.  
Business Strategy  
The Company is committed to bringing the best user experience to its customers through its innovative hardware, software and services. The 
Company’ s business strategy leverages its unique ability to  design and develop its own operating systems, hard ware, application software and 
services to provide its customers products and solu tions with innovative design, superior ease-of- use and seamless integration. As part of its 
strategy, the Company continues to expand its platf orm for the discovery and delivery of third- party digital content and applications through the 
iTunes Store. As part of the iTunes Store, the Comp any’s App Store and iBooks Store allow customers to dis cover and download applications and 
books through either a Mac or Windows-based compute r or through iPhone, iPad and iPod touch ® devices (“iOS devices”). The Company’ s Mac 
App Store allows customers to easily discover, down load and install Mac applications. The Company also  supports a community for the 
development of third-party software and hardware pr oducts and digital content that complement the Comp any’s offerings. The Company believes 
a high-quality buying experience with knowledgeable  salespersons who can convey the value of the Compa ny’s products and services greatly 
enhances its ability to attract and retain customer s. Therefore, the Company’ s strategy also includes building and expanding its  own retail and 
online stores and its third-party distribution netw ork to effectively reach more customers and provide  them with a high-quality sales and post- sales 
support experience. The Company believes continual investment in research and development (“R&D”), marketing and advertising is critical to the 
development and sale of innovative products and tec hnologies.  
   
Apple Inc. | 2014 Form 10 -K | 1  Item 1. Business Table of Contents  
Business Organization  
The Company manages its business primarily on a geo graphic basis. Accordingly, the Company determined its reportable operating segments, 
which are generally based on the nature and locatio n of its customers, to be the Americas, Europe, Gre ater China, Japan, Rest of Asia Pacific 
and Retail. The Americas segment includes both Nort h and South America. The Europe segment includes Eu ropean countries, as well as India, 
the Middle East and Africa. The Greater China segme nt includes China, Hong Kong and Taiwan. The Rest o f Asia Pacific segment includes 
Australia and Asian countries, other than those cou ntries included in the Company’s other operating se gments. The results of the Company’ s 
geographic segments do not include the results of t he Retail segment. Each operating segment provides similar hardware and software products 
and similar services. Further information regarding  the Company’s operating segments may be found in P art II, Item 7 of this Form 10-K under the 
subheading “Segment Operating Performance,” and in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10- K in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  in Note 
11, “Segment Information and Geographic Data.”  
Products  
iPhone  
iPhone is the Company’s line of smartphones that co mbines a phone, music player and internet device in  one product, and is based on Apple’ s 
iOS Multi- Touch™ operating system. iPhone has an integrated p hoto and video camera and photo library app, and on  qualifying devices, also 
includes Siri ® , a voice activated intelligent assistant. iPhone wor ks with the iTunes Store, the App Store and iBooks Store for purchasing, 
organizing and playing music, movies, TV shows, pod casts, books and apps. In addition to apps delivere d with iOS, free downloads of iLife ® and 
iWork ® apps for iOS are available with all new iPhones. iP hone is compatible with both Mac and Windows person al computers and Apple’ s iCloud 
services which provide synchronization of mail, con tacts, calendars, apps, music, photos, documents an d more across users’ devices. In 
September 2014, the Company introduced iPhone 6 and  iPhone 6 Plus that feature larger 4.7-inch and 5.5 -inch Retina ® HD displays and support 
for Apple Pay.  
iPad  
iPad is the Company’s line of multi-purpose tablets  based on Apple’s iOS Multi- Touch operating system, which includes iPad Air™ an d iPad 
mini™. iPad has an integrated photo and video camer a and photo library app, and on qualifying devices,  also includes Siri. iPad works with the 
iTunes Store, the iBooks Store and the App Store fo r purchasing, organizing and playing music, movies,  TV shows, podcasts, books and apps. In 
addition to apps delivered with iOS for qualifying devices, iLife and iWork apps for iOS are available  as free downloads with all new iPads. iPad is 
compatible with both Mac and Windows personal compu ters and Apple’ s iCloud services. In October 2014, the Company int roduced iPad Air 2 
and iPad mini 3 that feature a Retina display, Touc h ID™ and support for Apple Pay.  
Mac  
Mac is the Company’ s line of desktop and portable personal computers. Macs feature Intel microprocessors, the OS X operat ing system and 
include Mail, Safari ® web browser, Messages, Calendar, Reminders, Contact s and the iLife apps. The Company’ s iWork apps are also available 
as free downloads with all new Macs. The Company’s desktop computers include iMac ® , Mac Pro ® and Mac mini. The Company’ s portable 
computers include MacBook Pro ® , MacBook Pro with Retina display and MacBook Air ® . In October 2014, the Company introduced the 27- inch 
iMac with Retina 5K display with improved performan ce, power efficiency and visual quality; and update d the Mac mini.  
iPod  
The Company’s iPod line of portable digital music a nd media players includes iPod touch, iPod nano ® and iPod shuffle ® . All iPods work with 
iTunes ® to purchase and synchronize content. iPod touch, ba sed on the Company’s iOS Multi-Touch operating syst em, is a flash-memory- based 
iPod with an integrated photo and video camera and photo library app, and also includes Siri. iPod tou ch works with the iTunes Store, the App 
Store and the iBooks Store for purchasing and playi ng music, movies, TV shows, podcasts, books and app s. In addition to apps delivered with 
iOS, iLife and iWork apps for iOS are available as free downloads for all new iPod touch products. iPo d touch is compatible with both Mac and 
Windows personal computers and Apple’s iCloud servi ces.  
   
Apple Inc. | 2014 Form 10 -K | 2  Table of Contents  
iTunes and the iTunes Store  
Apple’s iTunes app, available for iOS devices, Mac and Windows personal computers and Apple TV, keeps users’ music, movies and TV shows 
organized in one place. iTunes is integrated with t he iTunes Store, the App Store, the iBooks Store, i Tunes U ® and iTunes Radio™. The iTunes 
Store allows customers to purchase and download mus ic and TV shows, rent or purchase movies and downlo ad free Podcasts. The App Store 
allows customers to discover and download apps and purchase in-app content. The iBooks Store features e-books from major and independent 
publishers. iTunes U allows users to download free lectures, videos and more from top universities, mu seums and other institutions. iTunes Radio 
provides a free Internet streaming service that all ows users to personalize radio stations featuring m usic from the iTunes Store. In July 2014, the 
Company acquired Beats Music, LLC, which offers a s ubscription streaming music service that offers a c urated listening experience and 
complements the Company’s other music services and offerings.  
Mac App Store  
The Mac App Store allows customers to discover, dow nload and install Mac applications. The Mac App Sto re offers applications in education, 
games, graphics and design, lifestyle, productivity , utilities and other categories. The Company’ s OS X operating system software and its iLife, 
iWork and other application software titles are als o available on the Mac App Store.  
iCloud  
iCloud is the Company’ s cloud service which stores music, photos, applica tions, contacts, calendars, mail, documents and mor e, keeping them 
up-to-date and available to multiple iOS devices, Mac and  Windows personal computers and Apple TV. iCloud se rvices include iTunes in the 
Cloud, iCloud Drive SM , iCloud Photo Sharing, Family Sharing, Find My iPh one, iPad or Mac and iCloud Backup for iOS devices.  Users can sign 
up for free access to iCloud using a device running  qualifying versions of iOS or OS X.  
Apple Pay  
In October 2014, the Company released Apple Pay in the U.S., a new service aimed at making mobile paym ents easy, secure and private. Apple 
Pay works with iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus, iPad Air 2 and iPad mini 3. Apple Pay will also work with the newly announced Apple Watch upon its 
expected availability in early calendar year 2015.  
Operating System Software  
iOS  
iOS is the Company’s Multi- Touch operating system that serves as the foundatio n for iOS devices. Apps delivered with iOS for qual ifying devices 
include Safari web browser, FaceTime ® video calling, Maps, Mail, Contacts, Calendar, Cloc k, Weather, Calculator, Notes, Reminders, Stocks, 
Compass and Messages. Devices running iOS are compa tible with both Mac and Windows personal computers and Apple’ s iCloud services. In 
September 2014, the Company released iOS 8, which p rovides new features for Messages and Photos, predi ctive typing for Apple’ s QuickType™ 
keyboard and a new Health app. iOS 8 also introduce d Family Sharing, which enables easier sharing of p urchases, photos and calendars within 
the same household.  
OS X  
OS X, the Company’s Mac operating system, is built on an open-source UNIX- based foundation and provides an intuitive and inte grated computer 
experience. OS X Yosemite, released in October 2014 , is the eleventh major release of OS X. Support fo r iCloud is built into OS X so users can 
access content and information from their Macs, the ir iOS devices and other supported devices and acce ss downloaded content and apps from 
the iTunes Store. Apps delivered with OS X include Mail, Safari web browser, Messages, Calendar, Remin ders, Contacts, Maps, iBooks ® and the 
iLife apps. OS X Yosemite incorporates additional c ontinuity features including Handoff, which allows users to start an activity on one Mac or iOS 
device and pass it to another Mac or iOS device.  
   
Apple Inc. | 2014 Form 10 -K | 3  Table of Contents  
Application Software  
iLife  
iLife for Mac is the Company’s consumer- oriented digital lifestyle software application sui te included with all Mac computers. iLife features iPhoto 
® , a digital photo application for storing, viewing,  editing and sharing photos; iMovie ® , a digital video editing application; and GarageBa nd ® , a 
music creation application that allows users to pla y, record and create music. The Company also has Mu lti-Touch versions of these iLife 
applications designed specifically for use on iOS d evices.  
iWork  
iWork for Mac is the Company’ s integrated productivity suite designed to help us ers create, present and publish documents, presenta tions and 
spreadsheets. iWork includes Pages ® for word processing and page layout, Keynote ® for presentations and Numbers ® for spreadsheets. The 
Company also has iOS Multi-Touch versions of each i Work application designed specifically for use on i OS devices.  
Other Application Software  
The Company also sells various other application so ftware, including its professional line of applicat ions: Final Cut Pro ® , Logic ® Pro X and its 
FileMaker ® Pro database software.  
Accessories  
The Company sells a variety of Apple-branded and th ird-party Mac-compatible and iOS- compatible accessories, including Apple TV, headpho nes, 
cases, displays, storage devices and various other connectivity and computing products and supplies. I n July 2014, the Company acquired Beats 
Electronics, LLC, which makes Beats ® headphones, speakers and audio software.  
Apple TV  
Apple TV connects to consumers’ high definition TVs and enables them to access iTun es content directly for streaming HD video, playing  music 
and viewing photos. Content from iTunes Radio, Beat s Music™ and other media services, including Netfli x, YouTube, Flickr, Hulu Plus, Vevo, 
MLB, NBA and NHL is available on Apple TV. Apple TV  allows streaming iTunes content from Macs and Wind ows personal computers through 
Home Share and through AirPlay ® from compatible Mac and iOS devices. Compatible Mac  and iOS devices can also mirror their device scree ns 
as well as stream and play games on Apple TV.  
Apple Watch  
In September 2014, the Company announced Apple Watc h, a personal electronic device that combines new p recision watch technology with an 
iOS-based user interface created specifically for a sma ller device. Apple Watch features Digital Crown, a unique navigation tool that allows users 
to seamlessly scroll, zoom and navigate. Apple Watc h enables customers to communicate in new ways from  their wrist and features Force Touch, 
a technology that senses the difference between a t ap and a press and allows users to access controls within apps. Apple Watch is expected to 
be available in early calendar year 2015 and will b e compatible with iPhone 5 and newer iPhone models running the latest version of iOS 8.  
iOS and Mac Developer Programs  
The Company’ s iOS and Mac Developer Programs support app develo pers with the development, testing and distribution  of iOS and Mac apps 
through the App Store and the Mac App Store. Develo pment tools included with the Company’s Developer P rograms include Xcode ® , the 
Company’ s integrated development environment for creating a pps for iOS devices and Mac. Xcode includes project  management tools; analysis 
tools to collect, display and compare app performan ce data; simulation tools to locally run, test and debug apps; tools to simplify the design and 
development of user interfaces; Swift™, the Company ’s new programming language for both iOS and OS X in troduced in June 2014; and the 
latest software development kits for iOS and OS X. The Company’ s Developer Programs also provide access to multipl e development resources 
including the Company’s Developer Forums, extensive  technical documentation and sample code. The Compa ny’s Developer Programs also 
provide developers with access tools and informatio n for submitting their apps to the App Store and th e Mac App Store.  
   
Apple Inc. | 2014 Form 10 -K | 4  Table of Contents  
Product Support and Services  
AppleCare ® offers a range of support options for the Company’ s customers. These include assistance that is built  into software products, printed 
and electronic product manuals, online support incl uding comprehensive product information as well as technical assistance, the AppleCare 
Protection Plan (“APP”) and the AppleCare+ Protecti on Plan (“AC+”). APP is a fee- based service that typically includes two to three years of 
phone support, hardware repairs and dedicated web-b ased support resources. AC+ is a fee- based service available in certain countries for 
iPhone and iPad. AC+ offers additional coverage und er some circumstances for instances of accidental d amage in addition to the services offered 
by APP.  
Markets and Distribution  
The Company’ s customers are primarily in the consumer, SMB, edu cation, enterprise and government markets. The Comp any sells its products 
and resells third- party products in most of its major markets directl y to consumers and SMBs through its retail and onli ne stores and its direct 
sales force. The Company also employs a variety of indirect distribution channels, such as third- party cellular network carriers, wholesalers, 
retailers and value-added resellers. During 2014, t he Company’ s net sales through its direct and indirect distrib ution channels accounted for 28% 
and 72%, respectively, of total net sales.  
The Company believes that sales of its innovative a nd differentiated products are enhanced by knowledg eable salespersons who can convey the 
value of the hardware and software integration and demonstrate the unique solutions that are available  on its products. The Company further 
believes providing direct contact with its targeted  customers is an effective way to demonstrate the a dvantages of its products over those of its 
competitors and providing a high-quality sales and after-sales support experience is critical to attra cting new and retaining existing customers.  
To ensure a high- quality buying experience for its products in which  service and education are emphasized, the Company continues to build and 
improve its distribution capabilities by expanding the number of its own retail stores worldwide. The Company’ s retail stores are typically located at 
high-traffic locations in quality shopping malls an d urban shopping districts. By operating its own st ores and locating them in desirable high- traffic 
locations the Company is better positioned to ensur e a high quality customer buying experience and att ract new customers. The stores are 
designed to simplify and enhance the presentation a nd marketing of the Company’ s products and related solutions. The retail stores  employ 
experienced and knowledgeable personnel who provide  product advice, service and training and offer a w ide selection of third- party hardware, 
software and other accessories that complement the Company’s products.  
The Company has also invested in programs to enhanc e reseller sales by placing high- quality Apple fixtures, merchandising materials and  other 
resources within selected third-party reseller loca tions. Through the Apple Premium Reseller Program, certain third- party resellers focus on the 
Apple platform by providing a high level of product  expertise, integration and support services.  
The Company is committed to delivering solutions to  help educators teach and students learn. The Compa ny believes effective integration of 
technology into classroom instruction can result in  higher levels of student achievement and has desig ned a range of products, services and 
programs to address the needs of education customer s. The Company also supports mobile learning and re al-time distribution of, and access to, 
education related materials through iTunes U, a pla tform that allows students and teachers to share an d distribute educational media online. The 
Company sells its products to the education market through its direct sales force, select third-party resellers and its online and retail stores.  
The Company also sells its hardware and software pr oducts to enterprise and government customers in ea ch of its geographic segments. The 
Company’ s products are deployed in these markets because of  their performance, productivity, ease of use and s eamless integration into 
information technology environments. The Company’s products are compatible with thousands of third- party business applications and services, 
and its tools enable the development and secure dep loyment of custom applications as well as remote de vice administration. In July 2014, the 
Company announced a global partnership with IBM to offer MobileFirst for iOS, a new class of industry- specific mobile solutions; AppleCare for 
Enterprise, a new service and support product tailo red to the needs of enterprise customers; and Devic e Supply, Activate and Manage, a suite of 
value-added reselling services for iPhone, iPad and  Mac.  
No single customer accounted for more than 10% of n et sales in 2014, 2013 or 2012.  
   
Apple Inc. | 2014 Form 10 -K | 5  Table of Contents  
Competition  
The markets for the Company’ s products and services are highly competitive and the Company is confronted by aggressive competition  in all 
areas of its business. These markets are characteri zed by frequent product introductions and rapid tec hnological advances that have substantially 
increased the capabilities and use of mobile commun ication and media devices, personal computers and o ther digital electronic devices. The 
Company’ s competitors who sell mobile devices and personal computers based on other operating systems have agg ressively cut prices and 
lowered their product margins to gain or maintain m arket share. The Company’ s financial condition and operating results can be adversely 
affected by these and other industry- wide downward pressures on gross margins. Principal  competitive factors important to the Company inclu de 
price, product features, relative price/performance , product quality and reliability, design innovatio n, a strong third- party software and accessories 
ecosystem, marketing and distribution capability, s ervice and support and corporate reputation.  
The Company is focused on expanding its market oppo rtunities related to personal computers and mobile communication and media devices. 
These markets are highly competitive and include ma ny large, well- funded and experienced participants. The Company ex pects competition in 
these markets to intensify significantly as competi tors attempt to imitate some of the features of the  Company’ s products and applications within 
their own products or, alternatively, collaborate w ith each other to offer solutions that are more com petitive than those they currently offer. These 
markets are characterized by aggressive pricing pra ctices, frequent product introductions, evolving de sign approaches and technologies, rapid 
adoption of technological and product advancements by competitors and price sensitivity on the part of  consumers and businesses.  
The Company’ s digital content services have faced significant c ompetition from other companies promoting their own  digital music and content 
products and services, including those offering fre e peer-to-peer music and video services.  
The Company’s future financial condition and operat ing results depend on the Company’ s ability to continue to develop and offer new inno vative 
products and services in each of the markets in whi ch it competes. The Company believes it offers supe rior innovation and integration of the 
entire solution including the hardware (iPhone, iPa d, Mac and iPod), software (iOS, OS X and iTunes), online services and distribution of digital 
content and applications (iTunes Store, App Store, iBooks Store and Mac App Store). Some of the Compan y’s current and potential competitors 
have substantial resources and may be able to provi de such products and services at little or no profi t or even at a loss to compete with the 
Company’s offerings.  
Supply of Components  
Although most components essential to the Company’ s business are generally available from multiple so urces, a number of components are 
currently obtained from single or limited sources. In addition, the Company competes for various compo nents with other participants in the 
markets for mobile communication and media devices and personal computers. Therefore, many components used by the Company, including 
those that are available from multiple sources, are  at times subject to industry- wide shortage and significant pricing fluctuations that could 
materially adversely affect the Company’s financial  condition and operating results.  
The Company uses some custom components that are no t commonly used by its competitors, and new product s introduced by the Company 
often utilize custom components available from only  one source. When a component or product uses new t echnologies, initial capacity constraints 
may exist until the suppliers’ yields have matured or manufacturing capacity has increased. If the Com pany’s supply of components for a new or 
existing product were delayed or constrained, or if  an outsourcing partner delayed shipments of comple ted products to the Company, the 
Company’s financial condition and operating results  could be materially adversely affected. The Compan y’s business and financial performance 
could also be materially adversely affected dependi ng on the time required to obtain sufficient quanti ties from the original source, or to identify and 
obtain sufficient quantities from an alternative so urce. Continued availability of these components at  acceptable prices, or at all, may be affected if 
those suppliers concentrated on the production of c ommon components instead of components customized t o meet the Company’s requirements. 
The Company has entered into agreements for the sup ply of many components; however, there can be no gu arantee that the Company will be 
able to extend or renew these agreements on similar  terms, or at all. Therefore, the Company remains s ubject to significant risks of supply 
shortages and price increases that could materially  adversely affect its financial condition and opera ting results.  
   
Apple Inc. | 2014 Form 10 -K | 6  Table of Contents  
While the Company manufactures some Macs in the Uni ted States, substantially all of the Company’ s hardware products are currently 
manufactured by outsourcing partners that are locat ed primarily in Asia. A significant concentration o f this manufacturing is currently performed by 
a small number of outsourcing partners, often in si ngle locations. Certain of these outsourcing partne rs are the sole- sourced suppliers of 
components and manufacturers for many of the Compan y’s products. Although the Company works closely with  its outsourcing partners on 
manufacturing schedules, the Company’ s operating results could be adversely affected if its outsourcing partners were unable to meet their 
production commitments. The Company’s purchase comm itments typically cover its requirements for period s up to 150 days.  
Research and Development  
Because the industries in which the Company compete s are characterized by rapid technological advances , the Company’ s ability to compete 
successfully depends heavily upon its ability to en sure a continual and timely flow of competitive pro ducts, services and technologies to the 
marketplace. The Company continues to develop new t echnologies to enhance existing products and to exp and the range of its product offerings 
through R&D, licensing of intellectual property and  acquisition of third- party businesses and technology. Total R&D expense was $6.0 billion, $4.5 
billion and $3.4 billion in 2014, 2013 and 2012, re spectively.  
Patents, Trademarks, Copyrights and Licenses  
The Company currently holds rights to patents and c opyrights relating to certain aspects of its hardwa re devices, accessories, software and 
services. The Company has registered or has applied  for trademarks and service marks in the U.S. and a  number of foreign countries. Although 
the Company believes the ownership of such patents,  copyrights, trademarks and service marks is an imp ortant factor in its business and that its 
success does depend in part on the ownership thereo f, the Company relies primarily on the innovative s kills, technical competence and marketing 
abilities of its personnel.  
The Company regularly files patent applications to protect innovations arising from its research, deve lopment and design, and is currently 
pursuing thousands of patent applications around th e world. Over time, the Company has accumulated a l arge portfolio of issued patents around 
the world. The Company holds copyrights relating to  certain aspects of its products and services. No s ingle patent or copyright is solely 
responsible for protecting the Company’ s products. The Company believes the duration of it s patents is adequate relative to the expected live s of 
its products.  
Many of the Company’ s products are designed to include intellectual pro perty obtained from third parties. It may be necess ary in the future to 
seek or renew licenses relating to various aspects of its products, processes and services. While the Company has generally been able to obtain 
such licenses on commercially reasonable terms in t he past, there is no guarantee that such licenses c ould be obtained in the future on 
reasonable terms or at all. Because of technologica l changes in the industries in which the Company co mpetes, current extensive patent 
coverage and the rapid rate of issuance of new pate nts, it is possible that certain components of the Company’ s products, processes and services 
may unknowingly infringe existing patents or intell ectual property rights of others. From time to time , the Company has been notified that it may be 
infringing certain patents or other intellectual pr operty rights of third parties.  
Foreign and Domestic Operations and Geographic Data   
During 2014, the Company’ s domestic and international net sales accounted fo r 38% and 62%, respectively, of total net sales. In formation 
regarding financial data by geographic segment is s et forth in Part II, Item 7 of this Form 10-K under  the subheading “ Segment Operating 
Performance,” and in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 1 0-K in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statemen ts in Note 11, “ Segment Information and 
Geographic Data.”  
While substantially all of the Company’ s hardware products are currently manufactured by o utsourcing partners that are located primarily in A sia, 
the Company also performs final assembly of certain  products at its manufacturing facility in Ireland.  The supply and manufacture of a number of 
components is performed by sole-sourced outsourcing  partners in the U.S., Asia and Europe. Margins on sales of the Company’ s products in 
foreign countries and on sales of products that inc lude components obtained from foreign suppliers, ca n be adversely affected by foreign currency 
exchange rate fluctuations and by international tra de regulations, including tariffs and antidumping p enalties. Information regarding concentration 
in the available sources of supply of materials and  products is set forth in Part II, Item 8 of this F orm 10-K in the Notes to Consolidated Financial 
Statements in Note 10, “Commitments and Contingenci es.”  
   
Apple Inc. | 2014 Form 10 -K | 7  Table of Contents  
Business Seasonality and Product Introductions  
The Company has historically experienced higher net  sales in its first quarter compared to other quart ers in its fiscal year due in part to seasonal 
holiday demand. Additionally, new product introduct ions can significantly impact net sales, product co sts and operating expenses. Product 
introductions can also impact the Company’ s net sales to its indirect distribution channels a s these channels are filled with new product invent ory 
following a product introduction, and often, channe l inventory of a particular product declines as the  next related major product launch 
approaches. Net sales can also be affected when con sumers and distributors anticipate a product introd uction. However, neither historical 
seasonal patterns nor historical patterns of produc t introductions should be considered reliable indic ators of the Company’ s future pattern of 
product introductions, future net sales or financia l performance.  
Warranty  
The Company offers a limited parts and labor warran ty on most of its hardware products. The basic warr anty period is typically one year from the 
date of purchase by the original end-user. The Comp any also offers a 90-day basic warranty for its ser vice parts used to repair the Company’ s 
hardware products. In certain jurisdictions, local law requires that manufacturers guarantee their pro ducts for a period prescribed by statute, 
typically at least two years. In addition, where av ailable, consumers may purchase APP or AC+, which e xtends service coverage on many of the 
Company’s hardware products.  
Backlog  
In the Company’ s experience, the actual amount of product backlog at any particular time is not a meaningful indicati on of its future business 
prospects. In particular, backlog often increases i mmediately following new product introductions as c ustomers anticipate shortages. Backlog is 
often reduced once customers believe they can obtai n sufficient supply. Because of the foregoing, back log should not be considered a reliable 
indicator of the Company’s ability to achieve any p articular level of revenue or financial performance .  
Employees  
As of September 27, 2014, the Company had approxima tely 92,600 full-time equivalent employees and an a dditional 4,400 full- time equivalent 
temporary employees and contractors. Approximately 46,200 of the total full-time equivalent employees worked in the Company’ s Retail segment. 
Available Information  
The Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly  Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8- K, and amendments to reports filed 
pursuant to Sections 13(a) and 15(d) of the Securit ies Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange  Act”), are filed with the Securities and 
Exchange Commission (the “SEC”). The Company is subject to the informational require ments of the Exchange Act and files or furnishes re ports, 
proxy statements and other information with the SEC . Such reports and other information filed by the C ompany with the SEC are available free of 
charge on the Company’s website at investor.apple.c om/sec.cfm when such reports are available on the SEC’ s website. The public may read and 
copy any materials filed by the Company with the SE C at the SEC’ s Public Reference Room at 100 F Street, NE, Room 1 580, Washington, DC 
20549. The public may obtain information on the ope ration of the Public Reference Room by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC- 0330. The SEC 
maintains an Internet site that contains reports, p roxy and information statements and other informati on regarding issuers that file electronically 
with the SEC at www.sec.gov . The contents of these websites are not incorporat ed into this filing. Further, the Company’ s references to the URLs 
for these websites are intended to be inactive text ual references only.  
   
Apple Inc. | 2014 Form 10 -K | 8  Table of Contents  
The following discussion of risk factors contains f orward-looking statements. These risk factors may be impor tant to understanding any statement 
in this Form 10-K or elsewhere. The following infor mation should be read in conjunction with Part II, Item 7, “Management’ s Discussion and 
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Oper ations” and the consolidated financial statements and relat ed notes in Part II, Item 8, 
“Financial Statements and Supplementary Data” of th is Form 10-K.  
The business, financial condition and operating res ults of the Company can be affected by a number of factors, whether currently known or 
unknown, including but not limited to those describ ed below. Any one or more of such factors could dir ectly or indirectly cause the Company’ s 
actual results of operations and financial conditio n to vary materially from past or anticipated futur e results of operations and financial condition. 
Any of these factors, in whole or in part, could ma terially and adversely affect the Company’ s business, financial condition, results of operati ons 
and stock price.  
Because of the following factors, as well as other factors affecting the Company’ s financial condition and operating results, past f inancial 
performance should not be considered to be a reliab le indicator of future performance, and investors s hould not use historical trends to anticipate 
results or trends in future periods.  
Global and regional economic conditions could mater ially adversely affect the Company.  
The Company’ s operations and performance depend significantly o n global and regional economic conditions. Uncertai nty about global and 
regional economic conditions poses a risk as consum ers and businesses may postpone spending in respons e to tighter credit, higher 
unemployment, financial market volatility, governme nt austerity programs, negative financial news, dec lines in income or asset values and/or 
other factors. These worldwide and regional economi c conditions could have a material adverse effect o n demand for the Company’ s products 
and services. Demand also could differ materially f rom the Company’ s expectations as a result of currency fluctuations  because the Company 
generally raises prices on goods and services sold outside the U.S. to correspond with the effect of a  strengthening of the U.S. dollar. Other 
factors that could influence worldwide or regional demand include increases in fuel and other energy c osts, conditions in the real estate and 
mortgage markets, unemployment, labor and healthcar e costs, access to credit, consumer confidence and other macroeconomic factors affecting 
consumer spending behavior. These and other economi c factors could materially adversely affect demand for the Company’ s products and 
services.  
In the event of financial turmoil affecting the ban king system and financial markets, additional conso lidation of the financial services industry, or 
significant financial service institution failures,  there could be a new or incremental tightening in the credit markets, low liquidity and extreme 
volatility in fixed income, credit, currency and eq uity markets. This could have a number of effects o n the Company’ s business, including the 
insolvency or financial instability of outsourcing partners or suppliers or their inability to obtain credit to finance development and/or manufacture 
products resulting in product delays; inability of customers, including channel partners, to obtain cr edit to finance purchases of the Company’ s 
products; failure of derivative counterparties and other financial institutions; and restrictions on t he Company’ s ability to issue new debt. Other 
income and expense also could vary materially from expectations depending on gains or losses realized on the sale or exchange of financial 
instruments; impairment charges resulting from reva luations of debt and equity securities and other in vestments; interest rates; cash balances; 
volatility in foreign exchange rates; and changes i n fair value of derivative instruments. Increased v olatility in the financial markets and overall 
economic uncertainty would increase the risk of the  actual amounts realized in the future on the Compa ny’s financial instruments differing 
significantly from the fair values currently assign ed to them.  
   
Apple Inc. | 2014 Form 10 -K | 9  Item 1A. Risk Factors Table of Contents  
Global markets for the Company’ s products and services are highly competitive and subject to rapid technological change, and the 
Company may be unable to compete effectively in the se markets.  
The Company’ s products and services compete in highly competiti ve global markets characterized by aggressive price  cutting and resulting 
downward pressure on gross margins, frequent introd uction of new products, short product life cycles, evolving industry standards, continual 
improvement in product price/performance characteri stics, rapid adoption of technological and product advancements by competitors and price 
sensitivity on the part of consumers.  
The Company’ s ability to compete successfully depends heavily o n its ability to ensure a continuing and timely int roduction of innovative new 
products and technologies to the marketplace. The C ompany believes it is unique in that it designs and  develops nearly the entire solution for its 
products, including the hardware, operating system,  numerous software applications and related service s. As a result, the Company must make 
significant investments in R&D. The Company current ly holds a significant number of patents and copyri ghts and has registered and/or has 
applied to register numerous patents, trademarks an d service marks. In contrast, many of the Company’ s competitors seek to compete primarily 
through aggressive pricing and very low cost struct ures, and emulating the Company’ s products and infringing on its intellectual prope rty. If the 
Company is unable to continue to develop and sell i nnovative new products with attractive margins or i f competitors infringe on the Company’ s 
intellectual property, the Company’s ability to mai ntain a competitive advantage could be adversely af fected.  
The Company markets certain mobile communication an d media devices based on the iOS mobile operating s ystem and also markets related 
third-party digital content and applications. The Company  faces substantial competition in these markets fro m companies that have significant 
technical, marketing, distribution and other resour ces, as well as established hardware, software and digital content supplier relationships; and the 
Company has a minority market share in the smartpho ne market. Additionally, the Company faces signific ant price competition as competitors 
reduce their selling prices and attempt to imitate the Company’ s product features and applications within their ow n products or, alternatively, 
collaborate with each other to offer solutions that  are more competitive than those they currently off er. The Company also competes with 
illegitimate ways to obtain third- party digital content and applications and with bus iness models that include content provided to users  for free. 
Some of the Company’ s competitors have greater experience, product brea dth and distribution channels than the Company. Bec ause some 
current and potential competitors have substantial resources and/or experience and a lower cost struct ure, they may be able to provide products 
and services at little or no profit or even at a lo ss. The Company also expects competition to intensi fy as competitors attempt to imitate the 
Company’ s approach to providing components seamlessly withi n their individual offerings or work collaborativel y to offer integrated solutions. The 
Company’s financial condition and operating results  depend substantially on the Company’ s ability to continually improve iOS and iOS device s in 
order to maintain their functional and design advan tages.  
The Company is the only authorized maker of hardwar e using OS X, which has a minority market share in the personal computer market. This 
market has been contracting and is dominated by com puter makers using competing operating systems, mos t notably Windows. In the market for 
personal computers and accessories, the Company fac es a significant number of competitors, many of whi ch have broader product lines, lower 
priced products and a larger installed customer bas e. Historically, consolidation in this market has r esulted in larger competitors. Price competition 
has been particularly intense as competitors sellin g Windows- based personal computers have aggressively cut pric es and lowered product 
margins. An increasing number of Internet- enabled devices that include software applications and are smaller and simpler than traditional 
personal computers compete for market share with th e Company’s existing products. The Company’ s financial condition and operating results 
also depend on its ability to continually improve t he Mac platform to maintain its functional and desi gn advantages.  
There can be no assurance the Company will be able to continue to provide products and services that c ompete effectively.  
   
Apple Inc. | 2014 Form 10 -K | 10  Table of Contents  
To remain competitive and stimulate customer demand , the Company must successfully manage frequent pro duct introductions and 
transitions.  
Due to the highly volatile and competitive nature o f the industries in which the Company competes, the  Company must continually introduce new 
products, services and technologies, enhance existi ng products and services, and effectively stimulate  customer demand for new and upgraded 
products. The success of new product introductions depends on a number of factors including, but not l imited to, timely and successful product 
development, market acceptance, the Company’s abili ty to manage the risks associated with new product production ramp- up issues, the 
availability of application software for new produc ts, the effective management of purchase commitment s and inventory levels in line with 
anticipated product demand, the availability of pro ducts in appropriate quantities and at expected cos ts to meet anticipated demand, and the risk 
that new products may have quality or other defects  or deficiencies in the early stages of introductio n. Accordingly, the Company cannot 
determine in advance the ultimate effect of new pro duct introductions and transitions.  
The Company depends on the performance of distribut ors, carriers and other resellers.  
The Company distributes its products through cellul ar network carriers, wholesalers, national and regi onal retailers, and value- added resellers, 
many of whom distribute products from competing man ufacturers. The Company also sells its products and  third-party products in most of its 
major markets directly to education, enterprise and  government customers, and consumers and small and mid-sized businesses through its online 
and retail stores.  
Carriers providing cellular network service for iPh one typically subsidize users’ purchases of the device. There is no assurance that  such 
subsidies will be continued at all or in the same a mounts upon renewal of the Company’ s agreements with these carriers or in agreements t he 
Company enters into with new carriers.  
Many resellers have narrow operating margins and ha ve been adversely affected in the past by weak econ omic conditions. Some resellers have 
perceived the expansion of the Company’s direct sal es as conflicting with their business interests as distributors and resellers of the Company’ s 
products. Such a perception could discourage resell ers from investing resources in the distribution an d sale of the Company’ s products or lead 
them to limit or cease distribution of those produc ts. The Company has invested and will continue to i nvest in programs to enhance reseller sales, 
including staffing selected resellers’ stores with Company employees and contractors, and improving product placement displays. These 
programs could require a substantial investment whi le providing no assurance of return or incremental revenue. The financial condition of these 
resellers could weaken, these resellers could stop distributing the Company’s products, or uncertainty  regarding demand for the Company’ s 
products could cause resellers to reduce their orde ring and marketing of the Company’s products.  
The Company faces substantial inventory and other a sset risk in addition to purchase commitment cancel lation risk.  
The Company records a write- down for product and component inventories that hav e become obsolete or exceed anticipated demand or n et 
realizable value and accrues necessary cancellation  fee reserves for orders of excess products and com ponents. The Company also reviews its 
long-lived assets, including capital assets held at  its suppliers’ facilities and inventory prepayments, for impairmen t whenever events or 
circumstances indicate the carrying amount of an as set may not be recoverable. If the Company determin es that impairment has occurred, it 
records a write- down equal to the amount by which the carrying valu e of the assets exceeds its fair value. Although th e Company believes its 
provisions related to inventory, capital assets, in ventory prepayments and other assets and purchase c ommitments are currently adequate, no 
assurance can be given that the Company will not in cur additional related charges given the rapid and unpredictable pace of product 
obsolescence in the industries in which the Company  competes.  
The Company must order components for its products and build inventory in advance of product announcem ents and shipments. Consistent with 
industry practice, components are normally acquired  through a combination of purchase orders, supplier  contracts and open orders, in each case 
based on projected demand. Where appropriate, the p urchases are applied to inventory component prepaym ents that are outstanding with 
the respective supplier. Purchase commitments typic ally cover forecasted component and manufacturing r equirements for periods up to 150 days. 
Because the Company’ s markets are volatile, competitive and subject to rapid technology and price changes, there is a risk  the Company will 
forecast incorrectly and order or produce excess or  insufficient amounts of components or products, or  not fully utilize firm purchase commitments. 
   
Apple Inc. | 2014 Form 10 -K | 11  Table of Contents  
Future operating results depend upon the Company’s ability to obtain components in sufficient quantiti es.  
Because the Company currently obtains components fr om single or limited sources, the Company is subjec t to significant supply and pricing risks. 
Many components, including those that are available  from multiple sources, are at times subject to ind ustry-wide shortages and significant 
commodity pricing fluctuations. While the Company h as entered into agreements for the supply of many c omponents, there can be no assurance 
that the Company will be able to extend or renew th ese agreements on similar terms, or at all. A numbe r of suppliers of components may suffer 
from poor financial conditions, which can lead to b usiness failure for the supplier or consolidation w ithin a particular industry, further limiting the 
Company’s ability to obtain sufficient quantities o f components. The follow-on effects from global eco nomic conditions on the Company’ s 
suppliers, described in “ Global and regional economic conditions could mater ially adversely affect the Company” above, also could affect the 
Company’s ability to obtain components . Therefore, the Company remains subject to significa nt risks of supply shortages and price increases.  
The Company and other participants in the markets f or mobile communication and media devices and perso nal computers also compete for 
various components with other industries that have experienced increased demand for their products. Th e Company uses some custom 
components that are not common to the rest of these  industries. The Company’ s new products often utilize custom components avai lable from 
only one source. When a component or product uses n ew technologies, initial capacity constraints may e xist until the suppliers’ yields have 
matured or manufacturing capacity has increased. Co ntinued availability of these components at accepta ble prices, or at all, may be affected if 
those suppliers decide to concentrate on the produc tion of common components instead of components cus tomized to meet the Company’ s 
requirements. The supply of components for a new or  existing product could be delayed or constrained, or a key manufacturing vendor could 
delay shipments of completed products to the Compan y.  
The Company depends on component and product manufa cturing and logistical services provided by outsour cing partners, many of 
whom are located outside of the U.S.  
Substantially all of the Company’ s manufacturing is performed in whole or in part by  a few outsourcing partners located primarily in As ia. The 
Company has also outsourced much of its transportat ion and logistics management. While these arrangeme nts may lower operating costs, they 
also reduce the Company’ s direct control over production and distribution. It is uncertain what effect such diminished control  will have on the 
quality or quantity of products or services, or the  Company’ s flexibility to respond to changing conditions. Al though arrangements with these 
partners may contain provisions for warranty expens e reimbursement, the Company may remain responsible  to the consumer for warranty service 
in the event of product defects and could experienc e an unanticipated product defect or warranty liabi lity. While the Company relies on its partners 
to adhere to its supplier code of conduct, material  violations of the supplier code of conduct could o ccur.  
The Company relies on sole- sourced outsourcing partners in the U.S., Asia and Europe to supply and manufacture many critical comp onents, and 
on outsourcing partners primarily located in Asia, for final assembly of substantially all of the Comp any’s hardware products. Any failure of these 
partners to perform may have a negative impact on t he Company’ s cost or supply of components or finished goods. I n addition, manufacturing or 
logistics in these locations or transit to final de stinations may be disrupted for a variety of reason s including, but not limited to, natural and man-
made disasters, information technology system failu res, commercial disputes, military actions or econo mic, business, labor, environmental, public 
health, or political issues.  
The Company has invested in manufacturing process e quipment, much of which is held at certain of its o utsourcing partners, and has made 
prepayments to certain of its suppliers associated with long- term supply agreements. While these arrangements he lp ensure the supply of 
components and finished goods, if these outsourcing  partners or suppliers experience severe financial problems or other disruptions in their 
business, the net realizable value of these assets could be negatively impacted.  
The Company’ s products and services may experience quality prob lems from time to time that can result in decreased  sales and 
operating margin and harm to the Company’s reputati on.  
The Company sells complex hardware and software pro ducts and services that can contain design and manu facturing defects. Sophisticated 
operating system software and applications, such as  those sold by the Company, often contain “bugs” that can unexpectedly interfere with the 
software’s intended operation. The Company’ s online services may from time to time experience outages, service slowdowns, or errors. Defects 
may also occur in components and products the Compa ny purchases from third parties. There can be no as surance the Company will be able to 
detect and fix all defects in the hardware, softwar e and services it sells. Failure to do so could res ult in lost revenue, significant warranty and other  
expenses and harm to the Company’s reputation.  
   
Apple Inc. | 2014 Form 10 -K | 12  Table of Contents  
The Company relies on access to third- party digital content, which may not be available t o the Company on commercially reasonable 
terms or at all.  
The Company contracts with numerous third parties t o offer their digital content through the iTunes St ore. This includes the right to make available 
music, movies, TV shows and books currently availab le through the iTunes Store. The licensing or other  distribution arrangements with these third 
parties are for relatively short terms and do not g uarantee the continuation or renewal of these arran gements on reasonable terms, if at all. Some 
third-party content providers and distributors currently or in the future may offer competing products and s ervices, and could take action to make it 
more difficult or impossible for the Company to lic ense or otherwise distribute their content in the f uture. Other content owners, providers or 
distributors may seek to limit the Company’ s access to, or increase the cost of, such content.  The Company may be unable to continue to offer a 
wide variety of content at reasonable prices with a cceptable usage rules, or continue to expand its ge ographic reach. Failure to obtain the right to 
make available third- party digital content, or to make available such co ntent on commercially reasonable terms, could have a material adverse 
impact on the Company’s financial condition and ope rating results.  
Some third- party digital content providers require the Company  to provide digital rights management and other sec urity solutions. If requirements 
change, the Company may have to develop or license new technology to provide these solutions. There is  no assurance the Company will be able 
to develop or license such solutions at a reasonabl e cost and in a timely manner. In addition, certain  countries have passed or may propose and 
adopt legislation that would force the Company to l icense its digital rights management, which could l essen the protection of content and subject it 
to piracy and also could negatively affect arrangem ents with the Company’s content providers.  
The Company’s future performance depends in part on  support from third-party software developers.  
The Company believes decisions by customers to purc hase its hardware products depend in part on the av ailability of third-party software 
applications and services. There is no assurance th at third-party developers will continue to develop and maint ain software applications and 
services for the Company’s products. If third-party  software applications and services cease to be dev eloped and maintained for the Company’ s 
products, customers may choose not to buy the Compa ny’s products.  
With respect to its Mac products, the Company belie ves the availability of third-party software applications and services depends in part on the 
developers’ perception and analysis of the relative  benefits of developing, maintaining and upgrading such software for the Company’ s products 
compared to Windows- based products. This analysis may be based on facto rs such as the market position of the Company and i ts products, the 
anticipated revenue that may be generated, expected  future growth of Mac sales and the costs of develo ping such applications and services. If 
the Company’s minority share of the global personal  computer market causes developers to question the Mac’s prospects, developers could be 
less inclined to develop or upgrade software for th e Company’ s Mac products and more inclined to devote their re sources to developing and 
upgrading software for the larger Windows market.  
With respect to iOS devices, the Company relies on the continued availability and development of compe lling and innovative software 
applications, which are distributed through a singl e distribution channel, the App Store. iOS devices are subject to rapid technological change, 
and, if third-party developers are unable to or cho ose not to keep up with this pace of change, third- party applications might not successfully 
operate and may result in dissatisfied customers. A s with applications for the Company’ s Mac products, the availability and development of  these 
applications also depend on developers’ perceptions  and analysis of the relative benefits of developin g software for the Company’ s iOS devices 
rather than its competitors’ platforms, such as Android. If developers focus the ir efforts on these competing platforms, the availa bility and quality of 
applications for the Company’s iOS devices may suff er.  
The Company relies on access to third- party intellectual property, which may not be avail able to the Company on commercially 
reasonable terms or at all.  
Many of the Company’s products include third- party intellectual property, which requires license s from those third parties. Based on past 
experience and industry practice, the Company belie ves such licenses generally can be obtained on reas onable terms. There is, however, no 
assurance that the necessary licenses can be obtain ed on acceptable terms or at all. Failure to obtain  the right to use third- party intellectual 
property, or to use such intellectual property on c ommercially reasonable terms, could preclude the Co mpany from selling certain products or 
otherwise have a material adverse impact on the Com pany’s financial condition and operating results.  
   
Apple Inc. | 2014 Form 10 -K | 13  Table of Contents  
The Company could be impacted by unfavorable result s of legal proceedings, such as being found to have  infringed on intellectual 
property rights.  
The Company is subject to various legal proceedings  and claims that have not yet been fully resolved a nd that have arisen in the ordinary course 
of business, and additional claims may arise in the  future.  
For example, technology companies, including many o f the Company’ s competitors, frequently enter into litigation bas ed on allegations of patent 
infringement or other violations of intellectual pr operty rights. In addition, patent holding companie s seek to monetize patents they have purchased 
or otherwise obtained. As the Company has grown, th e intellectual property rights claims against it ha ve increased and may continue to increase. 
In particular, the Company’ s cellular enabled products compete with mobile com munication and media device companies that hold sig nificant 
patent portfolios, and the number of patent claims against the Company has significantly increased. Th e Company is vigorously defending 
infringement actions in courts in a number of U.S. jurisdictions and before the U.S. International Tra de Commission, as well as internationally in 
various countries. The plaintiffs in these actions frequently seek injunctions and substantial damages .  
Regardless of the scope or validity of such patents  or other intellectual property rights, or the meri ts of any claims by potential or actual litigants, 
the Company may have to engage in protracted litiga tion. If the Company is found to infringe one or mo re patents or other intellectual property 
rights, regardless of whether it can develop non-in fringing technology, it may be required to pay subs tantial damages or royalties to a third- party, 
or it may be subject to a temporary or permanent in junction prohibiting the Company from marketing or selling certain products.  
In certain cases, the Company may consider the desi rability of entering into licensing agreements, alt hough no assurance can be given that such 
licenses can be obtained on acceptable terms or tha t litigation will not occur. These licenses may als o significantly increase the Company’ s 
operating expenses.  
Regardless of the merit of particular claims, litig ation may be expensive, time-consuming, disruptive to the Company’ s operations and distracting 
to management. In recognition of these consideratio ns, the Company may enter into arrangements to sett le litigation.  
In management’ s opinion, there is not at least a reasonable possi bility the Company may have incurred a material los s, or a material loss in 
excess of a recorded accrual, with respect to loss contingencies, including matters related to infring ement of intellectual property rights. However, 
the outcome of litigation is inherently uncertain.  
Although management considers the likelihood of suc h an outcome to be remote, if one or more legal mat ters were resolved against the Company 
in a reporting period for amounts in excess of mana gement’s expectations, the Company’ s consolidated financial statements for that report ing 
period could be materially adversely affected. Furt her, such an outcome could result in significant co mpensatory, punitive or trebled monetary 
damages, disgorgement of revenue or profits, remedi al corporate measures or injunctive relief against the Company that could materially 
adversely affect its financial condition and operat ing results.  
The Company is subject to laws and regulations worl dwide, changes to which could increase the Company’ s costs and individually or 
in the aggregate adversely affect the Company’s bus iness.  
The Company is subject to laws and regulations affe cting its domestic and international operations in a number of areas. These U.S. and foreign 
laws and regulations affect the Company’ s activities including, but not limited to, in area s of labor, advertising, digital content, consumer 
protection, real estate, billing, e- commerce, promotions, quality of services, telecomm unications, mobile communications and media, televi sion, 
intellectual property ownership and infringement, t ax, import and export requirements, anti- corruption, foreign exchange controls and cash 
repatriation restrictions, data privacy requirement s, anti-competition, environmental, health and safe ty.  
   
Apple Inc. | 2014 Form 10 -K | 14  Table of Contents  
By way of example, laws and regulations related to mobile communications and media devices in the many  jurisdictions in which the Company 
operates are extensive and subject to change. Such changes could include, among others, restrictions o n the production, manufacture, 
distribution and use of devices, locking devices to  a carrier’s network, or mandating the use of devic es on more than one carrier’ s network. These 
devices are also subject to certification and regul ation by governmental and standardization bodies, a s well as by cellular network carriers for use 
on their networks. These certification processes ar e extensive and time consuming, and could result in  additional testing requirements, product 
modifications, or delays in product shipment dates,  or could preclude the Company from selling certain  products.  
Compliance with these laws, regulations and similar  requirements may be onerous and expensive, and the y may be inconsistent from jurisdiction 
to jurisdiction, further increasing the cost of com pliance and doing business. Any such costs, which m ay rise in the future as a result of changes in 
these laws and regulations or in their interpretati on, could individually or in the aggregate make the  Company’ s products and services less 
attractive to the Company’ s customers, delay the introduction of new products  in one or more regions, or cause the Company to ch ange or limit its 
business practices. The Company has implemented pol icies and procedures designed to ensure compliance with applicable laws and regulations, 
but there can be no assurance that the Company’s em ployees, contractors, or agents will not violate su ch laws and regulations or the Company’ s 
policies and procedures.  
The Company’s business is subject to the risks of i nternational operations.  
The Company derives a significant portion of its re venue and earnings from its international operation s. Compliance with applicable U.S. and 
foreign laws and regulations, such as import and ex port requirements, anti- corruption laws, tax laws, foreign exchange control s and cash 
repatriation restrictions, data privacy requirement s, environmental laws, labor laws and anti- competition regulations, increases the costs of doi ng 
business in foreign jurisdictions. Although the Com pany has implemented policies and procedures to com ply with these laws and regulations, a 
violation by the Company’s employees, contractors, or agents could nevertheless occur.  
The Company also could be significantly affected by  other risks associated with international activiti es including, but not limited to, economic and 
labor conditions, increased duties, taxes and other  costs and political instability. Margins on sales of the Company’ s products in foreign countries, 
and on sales of products that include components ob tained from foreign suppliers, could be materially adversely affected by international trade 
regulations, including duties, tariffs and antidump ing penalties. The Company is also exposed to credi t and collectability risk on its trade 
receivables with customers in certain international  markets. There can be no assurance the Company can  effectively limit its credit risk and avoid 
losses.  
The Company’ s Retail segment has required and will continue to require a substantial investment and commitment of resources and is 
subject to numerous risks and uncertainties.  
The Company’ s retail stores have required substantial investmen t in equipment and leasehold improvements, informat ion systems, inventory and 
personnel. The Company also has entered into substa ntial operating lease commitments for retail space.  Certain stores have been designed and 
built to serve as high- profile venues to promote brand awareness and serve  as vehicles for corporate sales and marketing acti vities. Because of 
their unique design elements, locations and size, t hese stores require substantially more investment t han the Company’ s more typical retail 
stores. Due to the high cost structure associated w ith the Retail segment, a decline in sales or the c losure or poor performance of individual or 
multiple stores could result in significant lease t ermination costs, write-offs of equipment and lease hold improvements, and severance costs.  
Many factors unique to retail operations, some of w hich are beyond the Company’ s control, pose risks and uncertainties. These risk s and 
uncertainties include, but are not limited to, macr o-economic factors that could have an adverse effect on general retail activity, as well as the 
Company’s inability to manage costs associated with  store construction and operation, the Company’ s failure to manage relationships with its 
existing retail partners, more challenging environm ents in managing retail operations outside the U.S. , costs associated with unanticipated 
fluctuations in the value of retail inventory, and the Company’s inability to obtain and renew leases in quality retail locations at a reasonable cost.  
   
Apple Inc. | 2014 Form 10 -K | 15  Table of Contents  
Investment in new business strategies and acquisiti ons could disrupt the Company’ s ongoing business and present risks not originally  
contemplated.  
The Company has invested, and in the future may inv est, in new business strategies or acquisitions. Su ch endeavors may involve significant risks 
and uncertainties, including distraction of managem ent from current operations, greater than expected liabilities and expenses, inadequate return 
of capital and unidentified issues not discovered i n the Company’ s due diligence. These new ventures are inherently risky and may not be 
successful.  
The Company’s business and reputation may be impact ed by information technology system failures or net work disruptions.  
The Company may be subject to information technolog y system failures and network disruptions. These ma y be caused by natural disasters, 
accidents, power disruptions, telecommunications fa ilures, acts of terrorism or war, computer viruses,  physical or electronic break- ins, or other 
events or disruptions. System redundancy may be ine ffective or inadequate, and the Company’ s disaster recovery planning may not be sufficient 
for all eventualities. Such failures or disruptions  could prevent access to the Company’ s online stores and services, preclude retail store  
transactions, compromise Company or customer data, and result in delayed or cancelled orders. System f ailures and disruptions could also 
impede the manufacturing and shipping of products, delivery of online services, transactions processin g and financial reporting.  
There may be breaches of the Company’ s information technology systems that materially da mage business partner and customer 
relationships, curtail or otherwise adversely impac t access to online stores and services, or subject the Company to significant 
reputational, financial, legal and operational cons equences.  
The Company’s business requires it to use and store  customer, employee and business partner personally  identifiable information (“PII”). This 
may include, among other information, names, addres ses, phone numbers, email addresses, contact prefer ences, tax identification numbers and 
payment account information. Although malicious att acks to gain access to PII affect many companies ac ross various industries, the Company is 
at a relatively greater risk of being targeted beca use of its high profile and the amount of PII it ma nages.  
The Company requires user names and passwords in or der to access its information technology systems. T he Company also uses encryption and 
authentication technologies designed to secure the transmission and storage of data and prevent access  to Company data or accounts. As with 
all companies, these security measures are subject to third-party security breaches, employee error, malfeasanc e, faulty password management, 
or other irregularities. For example, third parties  may attempt to fraudulently induce employees or cu stomers into disclosing user names, 
passwords or other sensitive information, which may  in turn be used to access the Company’ s information technology systems. To help protect 
customers and the Company, the Company monitors acc ounts and systems for unusual activity and may free ze accounts under suspicious 
circumstances, which may result in the delay or los s of customer orders.  
The Company devotes significant resources to networ k security, data encryption and other security meas ures to protect its systems and data, but 
these security measures cannot provide absolute sec urity. To the extent the Company was to experience a breach of its systems and was unable 
to protect sensitive data, such a breach could mate rially damage business partner and customer relatio nships, and curtail or otherwise adversely 
impact access to online stores and services. Moreov er, if a computer security breach affects the Compa ny’s systems or results in the 
unauthorized release of PII, the Company’s reputati on and brand could be materially damaged, use of th e Company’ s products and services 
could decrease, and the Company could be exposed to  a risk of loss or litigation and possible liabilit y. While the Company maintains insurance 
coverage that, subject to policy terms and conditio ns and subject to a significant self- insured retention, is designed to address certain a spects of 
cyber risks, such insurance coverage may be insuffi cient to cover all losses or all types of claims th at may arise in the continually evolving area of 
cyber risk.  
   
Apple Inc. | 2014 Form 10 -K | 16  Table of Contents  
The Company’ s business is subject to a variety of U.S. and inte rnational laws, rules, policies and other obligatio ns regarding data 
protection.  
The Company is subject to federal, state and intern ational laws relating to the collection, use, reten tion, security and transfer of PII. In many 
cases, these laws apply not only to third- party transactions, but also to transfers of inform ation between the Company and its subsidiaries, and  
among the Company, its subsidiaries and other parti es with which the Company has commercial relations.  Several jurisdictions have passed laws 
in this area, and other jurisdictions are consideri ng imposing additional restrictions. These laws con tinue to develop and may be inconsistent from 
jurisdiction to jurisdiction. Complying with emergi ng and changing international requirements may caus e the Company to incur substantial costs or 
require the Company to change its business practice s. Noncompliance could result in penalties or signi ficant legal liability.  
The Company’ s privacy policy, which includes related practices concerning the use and disclosure of data, is poste d on its website. Any failure by 
the Company, its suppliers or other parties with wh om the Company does business to comply with its pos ted privacy policy or with other federal, 
state or international privacy- related or data protection laws and regulations cou ld result in proceedings against the Company by gov ernmental 
entities or others.  
The Company is also subject to payment card associa tion rules and obligations under its contracts with  payment card processors. Under these 
rules and obligations, if information is compromise d, the Company could be liable to payment card issu ers for associated expenses and penalties. 
In addition, if the Company fails to follow payment  card industry security standards, even if no custo mer information is compromised, the 
Company could incur significant fines or experience  a significant increase in payment card transaction  costs.  
The Company’s success depends largely on the contin ued service and availability of key personnel.  
Much of the Company’ s future success depends on the continued availabil ity and service of key personnel, including its Chi ef Executive Officer, 
executive team and other highly skilled employees. Experienced personnel in the technology industry ar e in high demand and competition for their 
talents is intense, especially in Silicon Valley, w here most of the Company’s key personnel are locate d.  
The Company’ s business may be impacted by political events, war , terrorism, public health issues, natural disaster s and other 
business interruptions.  
War, terrorism, geopolitical uncertainties, public health issues and other business interruptions have  caused and could cause damage or 
disruption to international commerce and the global  economy, and thus could have a material adverse ef fect on the Company, its suppliers, 
logistics providers, manufacturing vendors and cust omers, including channel partners. The Company’ s business operations are subject to 
interruption by, among others, natural disasters, w hether as a result of climate change or otherwise, fire, power shortages, nuclear power plant 
accidents, terrorist attacks and other hostile acts , labor disputes, public health issues and other ev ents beyond its control. Such events could 
decrease demand for the Company’ s products, make it difficult or impossible for the  Company to make and deliver products to its custom ers, 
including channel partners, or to receive component s from its suppliers, and create delays and ineffic iencies in the Company’ s supply chain. 
Should major public health issues, including pandem ics, arise, the Company could be adversely affected  by more stringent employee travel 
restrictions, additional limitations in freight ser vices, governmental actions limiting the movement o f products between regions, delays in 
production ramps of new products and disruptions in  the operations of the Company’ s manufacturing vendors and component suppliers. Th e 
majority of the Company’ s R&D activities, its corporate headquarters, infor mation technology systems and other critical busine ss operations, 
including certain component suppliers and manufactu ring vendors, are in locations that could be affect ed by natural disasters. In the event of a 
natural disaster, the Company could incur significa nt losses, require substantial recovery time and ex perience significant expenditures in order to 
resume operations.  
   
Apple Inc. | 2014 Form 10 -K | 17  Table of Contents  
The Company expects its quarterly revenue and opera ting results to fluctuate.  
The Company’s profit margins vary across its produc ts and distribution channels. The Company’ s software, accessories, and service and support 
contracts generally have higher gross margins than certain of the Company’s other products. Gross marg ins on the Company’ s hardware products 
vary across product lines and can change over time as a result of product transitions, pricing and con figuration changes, and component, 
warranty, and other cost fluctuations. The Company ’s direct sales generally have higher associated gro ss margins than its indirect sales through 
its channel partners. In addition, the Company’ s gross margin and operating margin percentages, as  well as overall profitability, may be materially 
adversely impacted as a result of a shift in produc t, geographic or channel mix, component cost increa ses, the strengthening U.S. dollar, price 
competition, or the introduction of new products, i ncluding those that have higher cost structures wit h flat or reduced pricing.  
The Company has typically experienced higher net sa les in its first quarter compared to other quarters  due in part to seasonal holiday demand. 
Additionally, new product introductions can signifi cantly impact net sales, product costs and operatin g expenses. The Company could be subject 
to unexpected developments late in a quarter, such as lower-than-anticipated demand for the Company’ s products, issues with new product 
introductions, an internal systems failure, or fail ure of one of the Company’s logistics, components s upply, or manufacturing partners.  
The Company’s stock price is subject to volatility.   
The Company’ s stock price has experienced substantial price vol atility in the past and may continue to do so in th e future. Additionally, the 
Company, the technology industry and the stock mark et as a whole have experienced extreme stock price and volume fluctuations that have 
affected stock prices in ways that may have been un related to these companies’ operating performance. Price volatility over a give n period may 
cause the average price at which the Company repurc hases its own stock to exceed the stock’ s price at a given point in time. The Company 
believes its stock price reflects expectations of f uture growth and profitability. The Company also be lieves its stock price reflects expectations that 
its cash dividend will continue at current levels o r grow and that its current share repurchase progra m will be fully consummated. Future dividends 
are subject to declaration by the Company’s Board o f Directors, and the Company’ s share repurchase program does not obligate it to acquire any 
specific number of shares. If the Company fails to meet any of these expectations related to future gr owth, profitability, dividends, share 
repurchases or other market expectations, its stock  price may decline significantly, which could have a material adverse impact on investor 
confidence and employee retention.  
The Company’ s financial performance is subject to risks associa ted with changes in the value of the U.S. dollar ve rsus local currencies. 
The Company’s primary exposure to movements in fore ign currency exchange rates relates to non- U.S. dollar denominated sales and operating 
expenses worldwide. Weakening of foreign currencies  relative to the U.S. dollar adversely affects the U.S. dollar value of the Company’ s foreign 
currency- denominated sales and earnings, and generally leads  the Company to raise international pricing, potent ially reducing demand for the 
Company’s products. Margins on sales of the Company ’s products in foreign countries and on sales of pro ducts that include components obtained 
from foreign suppliers, could be materially adverse ly affected by foreign currency exchange rate fluct uations. In some circumstances, for 
competitive or other reasons, the Company may decid e not to raise local prices to fully offset the dol lar’s strengthening, or at all, which would 
adversely affect the U.S. dollar value of the Compa ny’s foreign currency denominated sales and earnings. Conversely, a strengthening of foreign 
currencies relative to the U.S. dollar, while gener ally beneficial to the Company’s foreign currency- denominated sales and earnings, could cause 
the Company to reduce international pricing and inc ur losses on its foreign currency derivative instru ments, thereby limiting the benefit. 
Additionally, strengthening of foreign currencies m ay also increase the Company’ s cost of product components denominated in those c urrencies, 
thus adversely affecting gross margins.  
The Company uses derivative instruments, such as fo reign currency forward and option contracts, to hed ge certain exposures to fluctuations in 
foreign currency exchange rates. The use of such he dging activities may not offset any, or more than a  portion, of the adverse financial effects of 
unfavorable movements in foreign exchange rates ove r the limited time the hedges are in place.  
   
Apple Inc. | 2014 Form 10 -K | 18  Table of Contents  
The Company is exposed to credit risk and fluctuati ons in the market values of its investment portfoli o.  
Given the global nature of its business, the Compan y has both domestic and international investments. Credit ratings and pricing of the 
Company’ s investments can be negatively affected by liquidi ty, credit deterioration, financial results, econom ic risk, political risk, sovereign risk or 
other factors. As a result, the value and liquidity  of the Company’ s cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities may fluctuate substantially. 
Therefore, although the Company has not realized an y significant losses on its cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities, future 
fluctuations in their value could result in a signi ficant realized loss.  
The Company is exposed to credit risk on its trade accounts receivable, vendor non-trade receivables a nd prepayments related to long-
term supply agreements, and this risk is heightened  during periods when economic conditions worsen.  
The Company distributes its products through third- party cellular network carriers, wholesalers, retai lers and value- added resellers. The Company 
also sells its products directly to small and mid- sized businesses and education, enterprise and gove rnment customers. A substantial majority of 
the Company’s outstanding trade receivables are not  covered by collateral, third- party financing arrangements or credit insurance. T he 
Company’ s exposure to credit and collectability risk on its  trade receivables is higher in certain internation al markets and its ability to mitigate such 
risks may be limited. The Company also has unsecure d vendor non- trade receivables resulting from purchases of compo nents by outsourcing 
partners and other vendors that manufacture sub- assemblies or assemble final products for the Compa ny. In addition, the Company has made 
prepayments associated with long- term supply agreements to secure supply of inventor y components. As of September 27, 2014, a significa nt 
portion of the Company’s trade receivables was conc entrated within cellular network carriers, and its vendor non- trade receivables and 
prepayments related to long- term supply agreements were concentrated among a fe w individual vendors located primarily in Asia. Whi le the 
Company has procedures to monitor and limit exposur e to credit risk on its trade and vendor non-trade receivables, as well as long- term 
prepayments, there can be no assurance such procedu res will effectively limit its credit risk and avoi d losses.  
The Company could be subject to changes in its tax rates, the adoption of new U.S. or international ta x legislation or exposure to 
additional tax liabilities.  
The Company is subject to taxes in the U.S. and num erous foreign jurisdictions, including Ireland, whe re a number of the Company’ s subsidiaries 
are organized. Due to economic and political condit ions, tax rates in various jurisdictions may be sub ject to significant change. The Company’ s 
future effective tax rates could be affected by cha nges in the mix of earnings in countries with diffe ring statutory tax rates, changes in the valuation 
of deferred tax assets and liabilities, or changes in tax laws or their interpretation, including in t he U.S. and Ireland. For example, in June 2014, 
the European Commission opened a formal investigati on to examine whether decisions by the tax authorit ies in Ireland with regard to the 
corporate income tax to be paid by two of the Compa ny’s Irish subsidiaries comply with European Union rul es on state aid. If the European 
Commission were to take a final decision against Ir eland, it could require changes to existing tax rul ings that, in turn, could increase the 
Company’ s taxes in the future. The European Commission coul d also require Ireland to recover from the Company past taxes reflective of the 
disallowed state aid.  
The Company is also subject to the examination of i ts tax returns and other tax matters by the Interna l Revenue Service and other tax authorities 
and governmental bodies. The Company regularly asse sses the likelihood of an adverse outcome resulting  from these examinations to determine 
the adequacy of its provision for taxes. There can be no assurance as to the outcome of these examinat ions. If the Company’ s effective tax rates 
were to increase, particularly in the U.S. or Irela nd, or if the ultimate determination of the Company ’s taxes owed is for an amount in excess of 
amounts previously accrued, the Company’s operating  results, cash flows and financial condition could be adversely affected.  
   
None.  
   
Apple Inc. | 2014 Form 10 -K | 19  Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments Table of Contents  
The Company’ s headquarters are located in Cupertino, California . As of September 27, 2014, the Company owned or le ased 19.7 million square 
feet of building space, primarily in the U.S. The C ompany also owned or leased building space in vario us locations, including throughout Europe, 
China, Singapore and Japan. Of the total owned or l eased building space 13.6 million square feet was l eased building space, which includes 
approximately 4.9 million square feet related to re tail store space. Additionally, the Company owns a total of 1,486 acres of land in various 
locations.  
As of September 27, 2014, the Company owned a manuf acturing facility in Cork, Ireland that also housed  a customer support call center; facilities 
in Elk Grove, California that included warehousing and distribution operations and a customer support call center; and a manufacturing facility in 
Mesa, Arizona. The Company also owned land in Austi n, Texas where it is expanding its existing office space and customer support call center. In 
addition, the Company owned facilities for R&D and corporate functions in Cupertino, California, inclu ding land that is being developed for the 
Company’ s second corporate campus. The Company also owned d ata centers in Newark, California; Maiden, North Ca rolina; Prineville, Oregon; 
and Reno, Nevada. Outside the U.S., the Company own ed additional facilities for various purposes.  
The Company believes its existing facilities and eq uipment, which are used by all operating segments, are in good operating condition and are 
suitable for the conduct of its business. The Compa ny has invested in internal capacity and strategic relationships with outside manufacturing 
vendors and continues to make investments in capita l equipment as needed to meet anticipated demand fo r its products.  
   
The Company is subject to the various legal proceed ings and claims discussed below as well as certain other legal proceedings and claims that 
have not been fully resolved and that have arisen i n the ordinary course of business. In the opinion o f management, there was not at least a 
reasonable possibility the Company may have incurre d a material loss, or a material loss in excess of a recorded accrual, with respect to loss 
contingencies. However, the outcome of legal procee dings and claims brought against the Company is sub ject to significant uncertainty. 
Therefore, although management considers the likeli hood of such an outcome to be remote, if one or mor e of these legal matters were resolved 
against the Company in a reporting period for amoun ts in excess of management’s expectations, the Comp any’s consolidated financial 
statements for that reporting period could be mater ially adversely affected. See the risk factor “ The Company could be impacted by unfavorable 
results of legal proceedings, such as being found t o have infringed on intellectual property rights ” in Part I, Item 1A of this Form 10- K under the 
heading “Risk Factors.” The Company settled certain matters during the four th quarter of 2014 that did not individually or in the aggregate have a 
material impact on the Company’s financial conditio n or results of operations.  
The Apple iPod iTunes Antitrust Litigation (formerl y Charoensak v. Apple Computer, Inc. and Tucker v. Apple Computer, Inc.)  
These related cases were filed on January 3, 2005 a nd July 21, 2006 in the United States District Cour t for the Northern District of California on 
behalf of a purported class of direct purchasers of  iPods and iTunes Store content, alleging various c laims including alleged unlawful tying of 
music and video purchased on the iTunes Store with the purchase of iPods and unlawful acquisition or m aintenance of monopoly market power 
under §§1 and 2 of the Sherman Act, the Cartwright Act, California Business & Professions Code §17200 (unfair competition), the California 
Consumer Legal Remedies Act and California monopoli zation law. Plaintiffs are seeking unspecified comp ensatory and punitive damages for the 
class, treble damages, injunctive relief, disgorgem ent of revenues and/or profits and attorneys fees. Plaintiffs are also seeking digital rights 
management free versions of any songs downloaded fr om iTunes or an order requiring the Company to lice nse its digital rights management to all 
competing music players. The cases are set for tria l in November 2014.  
   
Apple Inc. | 2014 Form 10 -K | 20  Item 2. Properties 
Item 3. Legal Proceedings Table of Contents  
Apple eBooks Antitrust Litigation (United States of  America v. Apple Inc., et al.)  
On April 11, 2012, the U.S. Department of Justice f iled a civil antitrust action against the Company a nd five major book publishers in the U.S. 
District Court for the Southern District of New Yor k, alleging an unreasonable restraint of interstate  trade and commerce in violation of §1 of the 
Sherman Act and seeking, among other things, injunc tive relief, the District Court’s declaration that the Company’ s agency agreements with the 
publishers are null and void and/or the District Co urt’s reformation of such agreements. On July 10, 2013,  the District Court found, following a 
bench trial, that the Company conspired to restrain  trade in violation of §1 of the Sherman Act and re levant state statutes to the extent those laws 
are congruent with §1 of the Sherman Act. The Distr ict Court entered a permanent injunction, which too k effect on October 6, 2013 and will be in 
effect for five years unless the judgment is overtu rned on appeal. The Company has taken the necessary  steps to comply with the terms of the 
District Court’ s order, including renegotiating agreements with th e five major eBook publishers, updating its antitru st training program and hiring an 
antitrust compliance monitor. The Company appealed the District Court’ s decision. Pursuant to a settlement agreement reac hed by the parties in 
June 2014, any damages the Company may be obligated  to pay will be determined by the outcome of the ap pellate decision.  
   
Not applicable.  
   
PART II  
   
The Company’s common stock is traded on the NASDAQ Stock Market LLC (“NASDAQ”) under the symbol AAPL.  
Price Range of Common Stock  
The price range per share of common stock presented  below represents the highest and lowest intraday s ales prices for the Company’ s common 
stock on the NASDAQ during each quarter of the two most recent years.  
On June 6, 2014, the Company effected a seven-for- one stock split to shareholders of record as of Jun e 2, 2014. All share and per share 
information has been retroactively adjusted to refl ect the stock split.  
   
Holders  
As of October 10, 2014, there were 26,112 sharehold ers of record.  
Dividends  
The Company paid a total of $11.0 billion and $10.5  billion in dividends during 2014 and 2013, respect ively, and expects to pay quarterly 
dividends of $0.47 per common share each quarter, s ubject to declaration by the Board of Directors. Th e Company also plans to increase its 
dividend on an annual basis, subject to declaration  by the Board of Directors.  
Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities  
On July 31, 2014, in connection with its acquisitio ns of Beats Music, LLC and Beats Electronics, LLC ( collectively “Beats”), the Company issued 
approximately 5.1 million shares of its common stoc k to certain former equity holders of Beats in reli ance on the exemption from registration 
pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act o f 1933, as amended. The majority of these shares wi ll vest over time based on continued 
employment with Apple.  
   
Apple Inc. | 2014 Form 10 -K | 21  Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
Item 5. Market for Registrant ’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Is suer Purchases of Equity Securities 
     Fourth Quarter      Third Quarter      Second Quarter      First Quarter   
2014 price range per share     $ 103.74 - $  92.09       $   95.05 - $  73.05       $   80.18 - $  70.51       $   82.16 - $  67.77    
2013 price range per share     $   73.39 - $  57.32       $ 66.54 - $  55.01       $ 79.29 - $  59.86       $ 96.68 - $  71.60    Table of Contents  
Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Af filiated Purchasers  
Share repurchase activity during the three months e nded September 27, 2014 was as follows (in millions , except number of shares, which are 
reflected in thousands, and per share amounts):  
   
   
   
   
Apple Inc. | 2014 Form 10 -K | 22  Q4 Fiscal Periods     Total  
  Number of   
 
Shares  
Purchased     Average  
Price  
    Paid Per     
 
Share     Total Number 
 
of Shares  
Purchased  
as Part of  
Publicly  
Announced  
Plans or  
Programs     Approximate  
Dollar Value of 
 
Shares That  
May Yet Be  
Purchased  
Under the  
Plans or  
Programs  (1)   
June 29, 2014 to August 2, 2014:           
Open Market Purchases       19,530      $ 96.77        19,530      
August 3, 2014 to August 30, 2014:           
August 2014 ASR       59,924   (2)            (2)       59,924   (2)     
Open Market Purchases       56,062      $ 98.83        56,062      
August 31, 2014 to September 27, 2014:           
Open Market Purchases       5,663      $ 100.64        5,663      
                 
Total       141,179          $ 22,050    
           
              
  (1) In 2012, the Company’s Board of Directors authorize d a program to repurchase up to $10 billion of the Company’ s common stock beginning 
in 2013. The Company’ s Board of Directors increased the share repurchase  program authorization to $60 billion in April 2013  and to $90 
billion in April 2014. As of September 27, 2014, $6 7.9 billion of the $90 billion had been utilized. T he remaining $22.1 billion in the table 
represents the amount available to repurchase share s under the authorized repurchase program as of Sep tember 27, 2014. The Company’ s 
share repurchase program does not obligate it to ac quire any specific number of shares. Under the prog ram, shares may be repurchased in 
privately negotiated and/or open market transaction s, including under plans complying with Rule 10b5 -1 under the Exchange Act.    
  (2) In August 2014, the Company entered into a new acce lerated share repurchase arrangement (“ASR”) to purchase up to $9.0 billion of the 
Company’s common stock. In exchange for up- front payments totaling $9.0 billion, the financial  institutions committed to deliver shares during 
the ASR’s purchase period, which will end in or before Febr uary 2015. The total number of shares ultimately de livered, and therefore the 
average price paid per share, will be determined at  the end of the applicable purchase period based on  the volume weighted- average price of 
the Company’ s common stock during that period. During the fourt h quarter of 2014, 59.9 million shares were deliver ed and retired under the 
ASR, and the final number of shares to be delivered  will be determined at the conclusion of the purcha se period.    Table of Contents  
Company Stock Performance  
The following graph shows a comparison of cumulativ e total shareholder return, calculated on a dividen d reinvested basis, for the Company, the 
S&P 500 Index, the Dow Jones U.S. Technology Supers ector Index and the S&P Information Technology Inde x for the five years ended 
September 27, 2014. The Company has added the S&P I nformation Technology Index to the graph to capture  the stock performance of 
companies whose products and services relate to tho se of the Company. The S&P Information Technology I ndex replaces the S&P Computer 
Hardware Index, which is no longer tracked by S&P. The graph assumes $100 was invested in each of the Company’ s common stock, the S&P 
500 Index, the Dow Jones U.S. Technology Supersecto r Index and the S&P Information Technology Index as  of the market close on 
September 25, 2009. Note that historic stock price performance is not necessarily indicative of future  stock price performance.  
   
  
Copyright © 2014 S&P, a division of The McGraw-Hill Companies I nc. All rights reserved.  
Copyright © 2014 Dow Jones & Co. All rights reserved.  
   
   
Apple Inc. | 2014 Form 10 -K | 23  
  * $100 invested on 9/25/09 in stock or index, includi ng reinvestment of dividends. Data points are the l ast day of each fiscal year for the 
Company ’s common stock and September 30th for indexes.    
     September 
 
2009      September 
 
2010      September 
 
2011      September 
 
2012      September 
 
2013      September 
 
2014   
Apple Inc.    $ 100       $ 160       $ 222       $ 367       $ 272       $ 407    
S&P 500 Index    $ 100       $ 110       $ 111       $ 145       $ 173       $ 207    
Dow Jones U.S. Technology Supersector 
Index    $ 100       $ 112       $ 115       $ 150       $ 158       $ 205    
S&P Information Technology Index    $ 100       $ 111       $ 115       $ 152       $ 163       $ 210    Table of Contents  
The information set forth below for the five years ended September 27, 2014, is not necessarily indica tive of results of future operations, and 
should be read in conjunction with Part II, Item 7,  “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial  Condition and Results of Operations” and 
the consolidated financial statements and related n otes thereto included in Part II, Item 8 of this Fo rm 10-K to fully understand factors that may 
affect the comparability of the information present ed below (in millions, except number of shares, whi ch are reflected in thousands, and per share 
amounts).  
   
   
   
Apple Inc. | 2014 Form 10 -K | 24  Item 6. Selected Financial Data 
     2014      2013      2012      2011      2010   
Net sales     $ 182,795       $ 170,910       $ 156,508       $ 108,249       $ 65,225    
Net income     $ 39,510       $ 37,037       $ 41,733       $ 25,922       $ 14,013    
Earnings per share:                 
Basic     $ 6.49       $ 5.72       $ 6.38       $ 4.01       $ 2.20    
Diluted     $ 6.45       $ 5.68       $ 6.31       $ 3.95       $ 2.16    
Cash dividends declared per share     $ 1.82       $ 1.64       $ 0.38       $ 0       $ 0    
Shares used in computing earnings per share:                 
Basic       6,085,572         6,477,320         6,543,726         6,469,806         6,366,224    
Diluted       6,122,663         6,521,634         6,617,483         6,556,514         6,472,983    
               
Total cash, cash equivalents and marketable securit ies     $ 155,239       $ 146,761       $ 121,251       $ 81,570       $ 51,011    
Total assets     $ 231,839       $ 207,000       $ 176,064       $ 116,371       $ 75,183    
Commercial paper     $ 6,308       $ 0       $ 0       $ 0       $ 0    
Long-term debt     $ 28,987       $ 16,960       $ 0       $ 0       $ 0    
Other long-term obligations (1)     $ 24,826       $ 20,208       $ 16,664       $ 10,100       $ 5,531    
Total liabilities     $ 120,292       $ 83,451       $ 57,854       $ 39,756       $ 27,392    
Total shareholders’ equity     $ 111,547       $ 123,549       $ 118,210       $ 76,615       $ 47,791    
  (1)   Other long -term obligations exclude non -current deferred revenue.    Table of Contents  
This section and other parts of this Annual Report on Form 10-K (“Form 10-K”) contain forward-looking statements, within the meaning of the 
Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, t hat involve risks and uncertainties. Forward- looking statements provide current expectations of 
future events based on certain assumptions and incl ude any statement that does not directly relate to any historical or current fact. Forward-
looking statements can also be identified by words such as “future,” “anticipates,” “believes,” “estim ates,” “expects,” “intends,” “plans,” “predicts, ”
“will,” “would,” “could,” “can,” “may,” and similar  terms. Forward-looking statements are not guarante es of future performance and the Company’ s 
actual results may differ significantly from the re sults discussed in the forward-looking statements. Factors that might cause such differenc es 
include, but are not limited to, those discussed in  Part I, Item 1A of this Form 10-K under the headin g “Risk Factors,” which are incorporated 
herein by reference. The following discussion shoul d be read in conjunction with the consolidated fina ncial statements and notes thereto included 
in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K. All informati on presented herein is based on the Company’ s fiscal calendar. Unless otherwise stated, 
references to particular years, quarters, months or  periods refer to the Company’ s fiscal years ended in September and the associate d quarters, 
months and periods of those fiscal years. Each of t he terms the “Company” and “Apple” as used herein refers collectively to Apple Inc. an d its 
wholly-owned subsidiaries, unless otherwise stated.  The Company assumes no obligation to revise or upd ate any forward- looking statements for 
any reason, except as required by law.  
Overview and Highlights  
The Company designs, manufactures and markets mobil e communication and media devices, personal compute rs and portable digital music 
players, and sells a variety of related software, s ervices, accessories, networking solutions and thir d-party digital content and applications. The 
Company sells its products worldwide through its re tail stores, online stores and direct sales force, as well as through third- party cellular network 
carriers, wholesalers, retailers and value-added re sellers. In addition, the Company sells a variety o f third-party iPhone, iPad, Mac and iPod 
compatible products, including application software , and various accessories through its online and re tail stores. The Company sells to 
consumers; small and mid-sized businesses; and educ ation, enterprise and government customers.  
Fiscal 2014 Highlights  
Net sales rose 7% or $11.9 billion during 2014 comp ared to 2013. This was driven by increases in net s ales of iPhone; Mac; iTunes, Software and 
Services; and Accessories. Net sales and unit sales  increased for iPhone primarily due to the successf ul introduction of iPhone 5s and 5c in the 
latter half of calendar year 2013, the successful l aunch of iPhone 6 and 6 Plus beginning in the fourt h quarter of 2014, and expanded distribution. 
Mac net sales and unit sales increased primarily du e to strong demand for MacBook Air and MacBook Pro which were updated in 2014 with faster 
processors and offered at lower prices. Net sales o f iTunes, Software and Services grew primarily due to increased revenue from sales through 
the App Store, AppleCare and licensing. Net sales a nd unit sales for iPad declined in 2014 compared to  2013 due to lower unit sales in many 
markets. Growth in total net sales during 2014 was also negatively impacted by the continuing decline of iPod sales. All of the Company’ s 
operating segments other than the Rest of Asia Paci fic segment experienced increased net sales in 2014 , with growth being strongest in the 
Greater China and Japan operating segments.  
During the first quarter of 2014, the Company intro duced iPad Air, its fifth generation iPad and iPad mini with Retina display. At its Worldwide 
Developer Conference in June 2014, the Company anno unced iOS 8 and OS X Yosemite. In September 2014, t he Company introduced iPhone 6 
and 6 Plus, released iOS 8, announced Apple Pay, wh ich became available in the U.S. in October 2014, a nd previewed Apple Watch, which is 
expected to be available in early calendar 2015. In  October 2014, the Company introduced iPad Air 2, i Pad mini 3, iMac with Retina 5K Display 
and an updated Mac mini; and released OS X Yosemite .  
During 2014, the Company completed various business  acquisitions, including the acquisitions of Beats Music, LLC, which offers a subscription 
streaming music service, and Beats Electronics, LLC , which makes Beats headphones, speakers and audio software.  
   
Apple Inc. | 2014 Form 10 -K | 25  Item 7. Management ’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition an d Results of Operations Table of Contents  
In April 2014, the Company increased its share repu rchase authorization to $90 billion and the quarter ly dividend was raised to $0.47 per common 
share, resulting in an overall increase in its capi tal return program from $100 billion to over $130 b illion. During 2014, the Company utilized $45 
billion to repurchase its common stock and paid div idends and dividend equivalents of $11.1 billion. T he current share repurchase program is 
expected to be completed by the end of December 201 5. The Company also issued $12.0 billion of long- term debt during 2014 with varying 
maturities through 2044 and launched a commercial p aper program, with $6.3 billion outstanding as of S eptember 27, 2014.  
Fiscal 2013 Highlights  
Net sales rose 9% or $14.4 billion during 2013 comp ared to 2012. This resulted from growth in net sale s of iPhone; iTunes, Software and 
Services; and iPad. Growth in 2013 reflected strong  sales of iPhone 5, strong continuing sales of iPho ne 4 and 4s, the introduction of iPhone 5c 
and 5s, strong performance of the iPad mini and fou rth generation iPad, and continued growth in the Co mpany’s online sales of apps, digital 
content and services. Growth in these areas was par tially offset by declines in net sales of Mac and i Pod. All of the Company’ s operating 
segments experienced increased net sales in 2013, w ith net sales growth being particularly strong in t he Americas, Greater China and Japan 
operating segments. Growth in total net sales was h igher during the first half of 2013, rising $12.6 b illion or 14.7% over the same period in 2012. 
First half growth in 2013 was driven by iPhone and iPad introductions at or near the beginning of 2013 .  
During the first quarter of 2013, the Company intro duced the fourth generation iPad and iPad mini, a n ew MacBook Pro with Retina display, a new 
iPod touch, a new iMac, and expanded the rollout of  iPhone 5 which began in September 2012. In June 20 13 at its Worldwide Developer 
Conference, the Company announced iOS 7 and OS X Ma vericks, announced iTunes Radio, introduced a signi ficant upgrade to MacBook Air, 
and provided a preview of all new Mac Pro desktops that were introduced during 2014. In September 2013 , the Company introduced iPhone 5s 
and iPhone 5c, released iOS 7, launched iTunes Radi o, and announced that beginning in September 2013 i Photo, iMovie and iWork Apps for iOS 
would be available as free downloads with all new i Phone, iPad and iPod touch devices ( “iOS devices”).  
In April 2013, the Company announced a significant increase to its program to return capital to shareh olders by raising the total amount it 
expected to utilize for the program through Decembe r 2015 to $100 billion. This included increasing it s share repurchase authorization to $60 
billion and raising its quarterly dividend to $0.44  per common share beginning in May 2013. During 201 3, the Company utilized $23.0 billion to 
repurchase common shares and paid dividends of $10. 5 billion or $1.64 per common share. In conjunction  with its capital return program, in May 
2013 the Company issued $17.0 billion of long-term debt with varying maturities through 2043.  
   
Apple Inc. | 2014 Form 10 -K | 26  Table of Contents  
Sales Data  
The following table shows net sales by operating se gment and net sales and unit sales by product durin g 2014, 2013 and 2012 (dollars in millions 
and units in thousands):  
   
   
   
   
The Company’s fiscal year is the 52 or 53-week peri od that ends on the last Saturday of September. The  Company’ s fiscal years 2014, 2013 and 
2012 ended on September 27, 2014, September 28, 201 3 and September 29, 2012, respectively. Both fiscal  years 2014 and 2013 spanned 52 
weeks. Fiscal year 2012 spanned 53 weeks, with a 14  th week included in the first quarter of 2012, as is d one approximately every six years to 
realign the Company’s fiscal quarters more closely to calendar quarters. Inclusion of the additional w eek in 2012 increased the Company’ s overall 
net sales and operating expenses for the year.  
   
Apple Inc. | 2014 Form 10 -K | 27       2014      Change     2013      Change     2012   
Net Sales by Operating Segment:               
Americas     $ 65,232         4 %    $ 62,739         9 %    $ 57,512    
Europe       40,929         8 %      37,883         4 %      36,323    
Greater China       29,846         17 %      25,417         13 %      22,533    
Japan       14,982         11 %      13,462         27 %      10,571    
Rest of Asia Pacific       10,344         (7 )%      11,181         4 %      10,741    
Retail       21,462         6 %      20,228         7 %      18,828    
                                     
Total net sales     $ 182,795         7 %    $ 170,910         9 %    $ 156,508    
           
             
             
Net Sales by Product:               
iPhone (1)     $ 101,991         12 %    $ 91,279         16 %    $ 78,692    
iPad (1)       30,283         (5 )%      31,980         3 %      30,945    
Mac (1)       24,079         12 %      21,483         (7 )%      23,221    
iPod (1)       2,286         (48 )%      4,411         (21 )%      5,615    
iTunes, Software and Services (2)       18,063         13 %      16,051         25 %      12,890    
Accessories (3)       6,093         7 %      5,706         11 %      5,145    
                                     
Total net sales     $ 182,795         7 %    $ 170,910         9 %    $ 156,508    
           
             
             
Unit Sales by Product:               
iPhone       169,219         13 %      150,257         20 %      125,046    
iPad       67,977         (4 )%      71,033         22 %      58,310    
Mac       18,906         16 %      16,341         (10 )%      18,158    
iPod       14,377         (45 )%      26,379         (25 )%      35,165    
  (1) Includes deferrals and amortization of related non- software services and software upgrade rights.    
  (2) Includes revenue from the iTunes Store, the App Sto re, the Mac App Store, the iBooks Store, AppleCare,  licensing and other services.    
  (3) Includes sales of Apple -branded and third -party accessories for iPhone, iPad, Mac and iPod.    Table of Contents  
Product Performance  
iPhone  
The following table presents iPhone net sales and u nit sales information for 2014, 2013 and 2012 (doll ars in millions and units in thousands):  
   
The year-over- year growth in iPhone net sales and unit sales in 2 014 resulted primarily from the successful introduc tion of new iPhones in the 
latter half of calendar year 2013, the successful l aunch of iPhone 6 and 6 Plus beginning in September  2014, and expanded distribution. iPhone 
unit sales grew in all of the Company’ s operating segments, while iPhone net sales grew i n all segments except Rest of Asia Pacific. Overall  
average selling prices (“ASPs”) for iPhone were relatively flat in 2014 compared to  2013, with growth in ASPs in the Americas and Reta il 
segments being offset by a decline in ASPs in the G reater China, Japan and Rest of Asia Pacific segmen ts.  
The growth in iPhone net sales and unit sales durin g 2013 resulted from increased demand for iPhone in  all of the Company’ s operating 
segments primarily due to the launch of iPhone 5 be ginning in September 2012 and strong ongoing demand  for iPhone 4 and 4s. All of the 
Company’s operating segments experienced increases in net sales and unit sales of iPhone during 2013 c ompared to 2012. The year-over- year 
impact of higher iPhone unit sales in 2013 was part ially offset by a 3% decline in iPhone ASPs primari ly as a result of a shift in product mix 
towards lower-priced iPhone models, particularly iP hone 4. All of the Company’ s geographic operating segments experienced a decli ne in iPhone 
ASPs during 2013.  
iPad  
The following table presents iPad net sales and uni t sales information for 2014, 2013 and 2012 (dollar s in millions and units in thousands):  
   
Net sales and unit sales for iPad declined in 2014 compared to 2013. iPad net sales and unit sales gre w in the Greater China and Japan 
segments but this growth was more than offset by a decline in all other segments. Overall iPad ASPs we re relatively flat in 2014 compared to 
2013 with a shift in mix to higher- priced iPads being offset by the October 2013 price  reduction of iPad mini. ASPs increased in the Japa n and 
Retail segments but were flat to slightly down in o ther segments.  
The growth in net sales and unit sales of iPad duri ng 2013 resulted from growth in iPad unit sales in all of the Company’ s operating segments. 
This growth was driven by the launch of iPad mini a nd the fourth generation iPad beginning in the firs t quarter of 2013. The year-over- year growth 
rate of total iPad unit sales was significantly hig her than the growth rate of total iPad net sales fo r 2013 due to a reduction in iPad ASPs of 15% in 
2013 compared to 2012. This decline resulted primar ily from introduction of the lower priced iPad mini  and the full year impact of the price 
reduction on iPad 2 made in 2012. The decline in iP ad ASPs was experienced to various degrees by all o f the Company’s operating segments.  
   
Apple Inc. | 2014 Form 10 -K | 28       2014      Change      2013      Change      2012   
Net sales     $ 101,991         12%       $ 91,279         16%       $ 78,692    
Percentage of total net sales       56%            53%            50%    
Unit sales       169,219         13%         150,257         20%         125,046    
     2014      Change     2013      Change      2012   
Net sales     $ 30,283         (5 )%    $ 31,980         3%       $ 30,945    
Percentage of total net sales       17%           19%            20%    
Unit sales         67,977         (4 )%        71,033         22%           58,310    Table of Contents  
Mac  
The following table presents Mac net sales and unit  sales information for 2014, 2013 and 2012 (dollars  in millions and units in thousands):  
   
The year-over- year growth in Mac net sales and unit sales for 201 4 was primarily driven by increased sales of MacBoo k Air, MacBook Pro and 
Mac Pro. Mac net sales and unit sales increased in all of the Company’ s operating segments. Mac ASPs decreased during 201 4 compared to 
2013 primarily due to price reductions on certain M ac models and a shift in mix towards Mac portable s ystems.  
Mac net sales and unit sales for 2013 were down or relatively flat in all of the Company’ s operating segments. Mac ASPs increased slightly 
partially offsetting the impact of lower unit sales  on net sales. The decline in Mac unit sales and ne t sales reflected the overall weakness in the 
market for personal computers.  
iTunes, Software and Services  
The following table presents net sales information of iTunes, Software and Services for 2014, 2013 and  2012 (dollars in millions):  
   
The increase in net sales of iTunes, Software and S ervices in 2014 compared to 2013 was primarily due to growth in net sales from the iTunes 
Store, AppleCare and licensing. The iTunes Store ge nerated a total of $10.2 billion in net sales durin g 2014 compared to $9.3 billion during 2013. 
Growth in net sales from the iTunes Store was drive n by increases in revenue from app sales reflecting  continued growth in the installed base of 
iOS devices and the expanded offerings of iOS Apps and related in-App purchases. This was partially of fset by a decline in sales of digital music.  
The increase in net sales of iTunes, Software and S ervices in 2013 compared to 2012 was primarily due to growth in net sales from the iTunes 
Store, AppleCare and licensing. The iTunes Store ge nerated a total of $9.3 billion in net sales during  2013, a 24% increase from 2012. Growth in 
the iTunes Store, which includes the App Store, the  Mac App Store and the iBooks Store, reflected cont inued growth in the installed base of iOS 
devices, expanded offerings of iOS Apps and related  in-App purchases, and expanded offerings of iTunes  digital content.  
Segment Operating Performance  
The Company manages its business primarily on a geo graphic basis. Accordingly, the Company determined its reportable operating segments, 
which are generally based on the nature and locatio n of its customers, to be the Americas, Europe, Gre ater China, Japan, Rest of Asia Pacific 
and Retail. The Americas segment includes both Nort h and South America. The Europe segment includes Eu ropean countries, as well as India, 
the Middle East and Africa. The Greater China segme nt includes China, Hong Kong and Taiwan. The Rest o f Asia Pacific segment includes 
Australia and Asian countries, other than those cou ntries included in the Company’s other operating se gments. The results of the Company’ s 
geographic segments do not include results of the R etail segment. Each operating segment provides simi lar hardware and software products and 
similar services. Further information regarding the  Company’s operating segments may be found in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10- K in the Notes 
to Consolidated Financial Statements in Note 11, “S egment Information and Geographic Data.”  
   
Apple Inc. | 2014 Form 10 -K | 29       2014      Change      2013      Change     2012   
Net sales     $ 24,079         12%       $ 21,483         (7 )%    $ 23,221    
Percentage of total net sales       13%            13%           15%    
Unit sales       18,906         16%         16,341         (10 )%      18,158    
     2014      Change      2013      Change      2012   
iTunes, Software and Services     $ 18,063         13%       $ 16,051         25%       $ 12,890    
Percentage of total net sales       10%            9%            8%    Table of Contents  
Americas  
The following table presents Americas net sales inf ormation for 2014, 2013 and 2012 (dollars in millio ns):  
   
The growth in the Americas segment in 2014 was due to increased net sales of iPhone, Mac and iTunes, S oftware and Services that were 
partially offset by a decline in net sales of iPod and iPad and weakness in foreign currencies relativ e to the U.S. dollar compared to 2013. iPhone 
growth resulted primarily from the successful intro duction of iPhone 5s and 5c in September 2013 and t he successful launch of iPhone 6 and 6 
Plus in September 2014. Mac growth was driven prima rily by increased net sales and unit sales of MacBo ok Air and Mac Pro.  
The growth in the Americas segment net sales during  2013 was driven by increased sales of iPhone follo wing the introduction of iPhone 5 in 
September 2012 and iPhone 5s and 5c in September 20 13, increased sales from the iTunes Store, and incr eased sales of iPad, particularly iPad 
mini. These increases were partially offset by a de crease in net sales of iPod and Mac and a decline i n iPad ASPs.  
Europe  
The following table presents Europe net sales infor mation for 2014, 2013 and 2012 (dollars in millions ):  
   
The growth in the Europe segment in 2014 was due to  increased net sales of iPhone, Mac and iTunes, Sof tware and Services, as well as strength 
in European currencies relative to the U.S. dollar,  partially offset by a decline in net sales of both  iPad and iPod. iPhone growth resulted primarily 
from the successful introduction of iPhone 5s and 5 c in the second half of calendar 2013 and the succe ssful launch of iPhone 6 and 6 Plus in over 
20 countries in Europe in September 2014. Mac growt h was driven primarily by increased net sales and u nit sales of MacBook Air, MacBook Pro 
and Mac Pro.  
The growth in net sales in the Europe segment durin g 2013 was primarily driven by increased sales of i Phone, iPad and higher net sales from 
iTunes. These increases were partially offset by de creases in net sales of Mac and iPod and a decline in iPad ASPs. Net sales in the Europe 
segment continued to be negatively impacted by unfa vorable economic conditions in parts of the region reflected by second half 2013 net sales 
falling 4% compared to the second half of 2012, whi ch followed an 11% increase in net sales during the  first half of 2013.  
Greater China  
The following table presents Greater China net sale s information for 2014, 2013 and 2012 (dollars in m illions):  
   
The Greater China segment experienced year-over- year growth in net sales in 2014 that was significa ntly higher than the growth rate for the 
Company overall. Greater China growth was driven by  higher unit sales and net sales of all major produ ct categories except iPod, in addition to 
higher net sales of iTunes, Software and Services. Growth in net sales and unit sales of iPhone was es pecially strong, driven by the successful 
launch of iPhone 5s and 5c in Mainland China and Ho ng Kong in September 2013, the successful launch of  iPhone 6 and 6 Plus in Hong Kong in 
September 2014, increased demand for the Company’s entry-priced iPhones and the addition of a significant ne w carrier in the second quarter of 
2014.  
   
Apple Inc. | 2014 Form 10 -K | 30       2014      Change      2013      Change      2012   
Net sales     $ 65,232         4%       $ 62,739         9%       $ 57,512    
Percentage of total net sales       36%            37%            37%    
     2014      Change      2013      Change      2012   
Net sales     $ 40,929         8%       $ 37,883         4%       $ 36,323    
Percentage of total net sales       22%            22%            23%    
     2014      Change      2013      Change      2012   
Net sales     $ 29,846         17%       $ 25,417         13%       $ 22,533    
Percentage of total net sales       16%            15%            14%    Table of Contents  
The growth in net sales in the Greater China segmen t during 2013 resulted from two major iPhone introd uctions during the year, iPhone 5 in 
December 2012 and iPhone 5c and iPhone 5s in Septem ber 2013. Further contributing to the growth in 201 3 was the introduction of the fourth 
generation iPad and iPad mini during the second qua rter of 2013 and an increase in iPhone channel inve ntory as of the end of 2013 compared to 
the end of 2012. While net sales in the Greater Chi na segment were up 13% for all of 2013, net sales f or the second half of 2013 declined 4% 
compared to the second half of 2012.  
Japan  
The following table presents Japan net sales inform ation for 2014, 2013 and 2012 (dollars in millions) :  
   
In 2014 the Japan segment generated year-over- year increases in net sales and unit sales of every  major product category except iPod and 
experienced growth in net sales of iTunes, Software  and Service. The year-over- year growth in iPhone was driven by the successful launch of 
iPhone 5s and 5c in September 2013, the successful launch of iPhone 6 and 6 Plus in September 2014, in creased demand for the Company’ s 
entry-priced iPhones and the addition of a significant ne w carrier in the fourth quarter of 2013. These posi tive factors were partially offset by 
weakness in the Japanese Yen relative to the U.S. d ollar.  
The increase in net sales in the Japan segment duri ng 2013 reflected significant increases in unit vol umes of iPhone and iPad, strong growth of 
iTunes Store net sales and an increase in iPhone ch annel inventory as of the end of 2013 compared to t he end of 2012. These positive factors 
were partially offset by declines in ASPs for iPhon e and iPad and by weakness in the Japanese Yen rela tive to the U.S. dollar.  
Rest of Asia Pacific  
The following table presents Rest of Asia Pacific n et sales information for 2014, 2013 and 2012 (dolla rs in millions):  
   
Net sales in the Rest of Asia Pacific segment decli ned in 2014 compared to 2013 due to year-over- year reductions in net sales in all major product 
categories except Mac and reductions in unit sales of iPad and iPod. Net sales in 2014 were also negat ively affected by the weakness in several 
foreign currencies relative to the U.S. dollar, inc luding the Australian dollar.  
The year-over- year growth in Rest of Asia Pacific segment net sal es during 2013 was primarily driven by the launch o f iPhone 5 and higher sales 
from the iTunes Store, partially offset by a decrea se in net sales of iPad and Mac.  
   
Apple Inc. | 2014 Form 10 -K | 31       2014      Change      2013      Change      2012   
Net sales     $ 14,982         11%       $ 13,462         27%       $ 10,571    
Percentage of total net sales       8%            8%            7%    
     2014      Change     2013      Change      2012   
Net sales     $ 10,344         (7 )%    $ 11,181         4%       $ 10,741    
Percentage of total net sales       6%           7%            7%    Table of Contents  
Retail  
The following table presents Retail information for  the years ended and as of September 27, 2014, Sept ember 28, 2013 and September 29, 2012 
(dollars in millions):  
   
The growth in Retail segment net sales in 2014 was primarily driven by increases in net sales and unit  sales of iPhone and Mac, partially offset by 
declines in net sales and unit sales of iPad and iP od. With an average of 424 and 403 open stores duri ng 2014 and 2013, respectively, average 
revenue per store increased to $50.6 million in 201 4 from $50.2 million in 2013.  
The growth in Retail segment net sales during 2013 was primarily driven by increased unit sales of iPh one and iPad following the new product 
introductions in the first half of 2013 and increas ed sales of services. With an average of 403 and 36 5 open stores during 2013 and 2012, 
respectively, average revenue per store decreased t o $50.2 million in 2013, compared to $51.5 million in 2012.  
The Retail segment’s operating income was $4.6 bill ion, $4.0 billion and $4.6 billion during 2014, 201 3 and 2012, respectively. The year-over- year 
increase in Retail segment operating income in 2014  was attributable to higher net sales and higher gr oss margin primarily due to a higher mix of 
iPhone. The year-over- year decrease in Retail segment operating income in  2013 was primarily attributable to lower gross mar gin similar to that 
experienced by the Company overall, partially offse t by higher net sales.  
Gross Margin  
Gross margin for 2014, 2013 and 2012 are as follows  (dollars in millions):  
   
The year-over- year increase in the gross margin percentage in 201 4 was driven by multiple factors including lower co mmodity costs, a favorable 
shift in mix to products with higher margins and im proved leverage on fixed costs from higher net sale s, which was partially offset by the 
weakness in several foreign currencies relative to the U.S. dollar, price reductions on select product s and higher cost structures on certain new 
products.  
The year-over- year decrease in gross margin in 2013 compared to 2 012 was driven by multiple factors including introd uction of new versions of 
existing products with higher cost structures and f lat or reduced pricing; a shift in sales mix to pro ducts with lower margins; introduction of iPad 
mini with gross margin significantly below the Comp any’s average product margins; higher expenses associat ed with changes to certain of the 
Company’ s service policies and other warranty costs; price reductions on certain products, including iPad 2 an d iPhone 4; and unfavorable impact 
from foreign exchange fluctuations.  
   
Apple Inc. | 2014 Form 10 -K | 32       2014      Change      2013      Change      2012   
Net sales     $ 21,462         6%       $ 20,228         7%       $ 18,828    
Percentage of total net sales       12%            12%            12%    
U.S. stores       259            254            250    
International stores       178            162            140    
                                       
Total store count       437            416            390    
           
              
              
Headcount       46,200            42,800            42,400    
     2014      2013      2012   
Net sales     $ 182,795       $ 170,910       $ 156,508    
Cost of sales       112,258         106,606         87,846    
                                 
Gross margin     $ 70,537       $ 64,304       $ 68,662    
           
           
           
Gross margin percentage       38.6%         37.6%         43.9%    Table of Contents  
The Company anticipates gross margin during the fir st quarter of 2015 to be between 37.5% and 38.5%. T he foregoing statement regarding the 
Company’s expected gross margin percentage in the f irst quarter of 2015 is forward-looking and could d iffer from actual results. The Company’ s 
future gross margins can be impacted by multiple fa ctors including, but not limited to those set forth  above in Part I, Item 1A of this Form 10- K 
under the heading “Risk Factors” and those described in this paragraph. In general, the Company believes gross margins will remain unde r 
downward pressure due to a variety of factors, incl uding continued industry wide global product pricin g pressures, increased competition, 
compressed product life cycles, product transitions , potential increases in the cost of components and  potential strengthening of the U.S. dollar, 
as well as potential increases in the costs of outs ide manufacturing services and a potential shift in  the Company’ s sales mix towards products 
with lower gross margins. In response to competitiv e pressures, the Company expects it will continue t o take product pricing actions, which would 
adversely affect gross margins. Gross margins could  also be affected by the Company’ s ability to manage product quality and warranty co sts 
effectively and to stimulate demand for certain of its products. Due to the Company’ s significant international operations, financial r esults can be 
significantly affected by fluctuations in exchange rates.  
Operating Expenses  
Operating expenses for 2014, 2013 and 2012 are as f ollows (dollars in millions):  
   
Research and Development (“R&D”) Expense  
The year-over- year growth in 2014 and 2013 R&D expense was driven  primarily by an increase in headcount and related expenses, including 
share-based compensation costs and machinery and equipmen t to support expanded R&D activities. The Company c ontinues to believe that 
focused investments in R&D are critical to its futu re growth and competitive position in the marketpla ce and are directly related to timely 
development of new and enhanced products that are c entral to the Company’ s core business strategy. As such, the Company expe cts to make 
further investments in R&D to remain competitive.  
Selling, General and Administrative (“SG&A”) Expens e  
The growth in SG&A expense during 2014 compared to 2013 was primarily due to increased headcount and r elated expenses, including share-
based compensation costs; higher spending on market ing, advertising and professional services; and the  Company’ s continued expansion of its 
Retail segment. The growth in SG&A during 2013 comp ared to 2012 was primarily due to the Company’ s continued expansion of its Retail 
segment and increased headcount and related expense s, partially offset by decreased spending on profes sional services.  
   
Apple Inc. | 2014 Form 10 -K | 33       2014      Change      2013      Change      2012   
Research and development     $ 6,041         35%       $ 4,475         32%       $ 3,381    
Percentage of total net sales       3%            3%            2%    
Selling, general and administrative     $ 11,993         11%       $ 10,830         8%       $ 10,040    
Percentage of total net sales       7%            6%            6%    
Total operating expenses     $ 18,034         18%       $ 15,305         14%       $ 13,421    
Percentage of total net sales       10%            9%            9%    Table of Contents  
Other Income and Expense  
Other income and expense for 2014, 2013 and 2012 ar e as follows (dollars in millions):  
   
The decrease in other income and expense during 201 4 compared to 2013 was due primarily to higher inte rest expense on debt and higher 
expenses associated with foreign exchange rate move ments, partially offset by lower premium expenses o n foreign exchange contracts and 
higher interest income. The year-over- year increase in other income and expense during 20 13 was due primarily to higher interest and dividen d 
income resulting from the Company’ s higher cash, cash equivalents and marketable secu rities balances and lower premium expenses on forei gn 
exchange contracts, partially offset by interest ex pense on debt issued in the third quarter of 2013 a nd higher expenses associated with foreign 
exchange rate movements. The weighted- average interest rate earned by the Company on its cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities 
was 1.11%, 1.03% and 1.03% during 2014, 2013 and 20 12, respectively. The Company had no debt outstandi ng during 2012 and accordingly did 
not incur any related interest expense.  
Provision for Income Taxes  
Provision for income taxes and effective tax rates for 2014, 2013 and 2012 are as follows (dollars in millions):  
   
The Company’ s effective tax rates for all years differ from the  statutory federal income tax rate of 35% due prima rily to certain undistributed 
foreign earnings, a substantial portion of which wa s generated by subsidiaries organized in Ireland, f or which no U.S. taxes are provided because 
such earnings are intended to be indefinitely reinv ested outside the U.S.  
As of September 27, 2014, the Company had deferred tax assets arising from deductible temporary differ ences, tax losses and tax credits of $5.1 
billion and deferred tax liabilities of $20.3 billi on. Management believes it is more likely than not that forecasted income, including income that may 
be generated as a result of certain tax planning st rategies, together with future reversals of existin g taxable temporary differences, will be 
sufficient to fully recover the deferred tax assets . The Company will continue to evaluate the realiza bility of deferred tax assets quarterly by 
assessing the need for and the amount of a valuatio n allowance.  
During the fiscal year ended September 27, 2014, th e U.S. Internal Revenue Service (“IRS”) concluded its review of the years 2004 through 2009 . 
The IRS is currently examining the years 2010 throu gh 2012. In addition, the Company is subject to aud its by state, local and foreign tax 
authorities. Management believes that adequate prov isions have been made for any adjustments that may result from tax examinations. However, 
the outcome of tax audits cannot be predicted with certainty. If any issues addressed in the Company’ s tax audits are resolved in a manner not 
consistent with management’ s expectations, the Company could be required to ad just its provision for income taxes in the period s uch resolution 
occurs.  
Recent Accounting Pronouncements  
In May 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards Boa rd issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2014- 09, Revenue from Contracts with 
Customers (Topic 606) (“ASU 2014-09”), which amends  the existing accounting standards for revenue reco gnition. ASU 2014- 09 is based on 
principles that govern the recognition of revenue a t an amount an entity expects to be entitled when p roducts are transferred to customers. ASU 
2014-09 will be effective for the Company beginning in i ts first quarter of 2018. Early adoption is not per mitted. The new revenue standard may be 
applied retrospectively to each prior period presen ted or retrospectively with the cumulative effect r ecognized as of the date of adoption. The 
Company is currently evaluating the impact of adopt ing the new revenue standard on its consolidated fi nancial statements.  
   
Apple Inc. | 2014 Form 10-K | 34       2014     Change     2013     Change     2012   
Interest and dividend income     $   1,795        $   1,616        $   1,088    
Interest expense       (384 )        (136 )        0    
Other expense, net       (431 )        (324 )        (566 )  
                                   
Total other income/(expense), net     $ 980        (15 )%    $ 1,156        121 %    $ 522    
           
            
            
     2014      2013      2012   
Provision for income taxes     $ 13,973       $ 13,118       $ 14,030    
Effective tax rate       26.1%         26.2%         25.2%    Table of Contents  
Liquidity and Capital Resources  
The following table presents selected financial inf ormation and statistics as of and for the years end ed September 27, 2014, September 28, 2013 
and September 29, 2012 (in millions):  
   
The Company believes its existing balances of cash,  cash equivalents and marketable securities will be  sufficient to satisfy its working capital 
needs, capital asset purchases, outstanding commitm ents and other liquidity requirements associated wi th its existing operations over the next 12 
months. To provide additional flexibility in managi ng liquidity, the Company began accessing the comme rcial paper markets in the third quarter of 
2014. The Company currently anticipates the cash us ed for future dividends and the share repurchase pr ogram will come from its current 
domestic cash, cash generated from on-going U.S. op erating activities and from borrowings.  
As of September 27, 2014 and September 28, 2013, $1 37.1 billion and $111.3 billion, respectively, of t he Company’ s cash, cash equivalents and 
marketable securities were held by foreign subsidia ries and are generally based in U.S. dollar-denomin ated holdings. Amounts held by foreign 
subsidiaries are generally subject to U.S. income t axation on repatriation to the U.S. The Company’ s marketable securities investment portfolio is 
invested primarily in highly- rated securities and its investment policy generall y limits the amount of credit exposure to any one i ssuer. The policy 
requires investments generally to be investment gra de with the objective of minimizing the potential r isk of principal loss.  
During 2014, cash generated from operating activiti es of $59.7 billion was a result of $39.5 billion o f net income, non- cash adjustments to net 
income of $13.2 billion and an increase in net chan ge in operating assets and liabilities of $7.0 bill ion. Cash used in investing activities of $22.6 
billion during 2014 consisted primarily of cash use d for purchases of marketable securities, net of sa les and maturities, of $9.0 billion; cash used 
to acquire property, plant and equipment of $9.6 bi llion; and cash paid for business acquisitions, net  of cash acquired, of $3.8 billion. Cash used in 
financing activities of $37.5 billion during 2014 c onsisted primarily of cash used to repurchase commo n stock of $45.0 billion and cash used to pay 
dividends and dividend equivalents of $11.1 billion , partially offset by net proceeds from the issuanc e of long- term debt and commercial paper of 
$12.0 billion and $6.3 billion, respectively.  
During 2013, cash generated from operating activiti es of $53.7 billion was a result of $37.0 billion o f net income, non- cash adjustments to net 
income of $10.2 billion and an increase in net chan ge in operating assets and liabilities of $6.5 bill ion. Cash used in investing activities of $33.8 
billion during 2013 consisted primarily of cash use d for purchases of marketable securities, net of sa les and maturities, of $24.0 billion and cash 
used to acquire property, plant and equipment of $8 .2 billion. Cash used in financing activities of $1 6.4 billion during 2013 consisted primarily of 
cash used to repurchase common stock of $22.9 billi on and cash used to pay dividends and dividend equi valents of $10.6 billion, partially offset 
by net proceeds from the issuance of long-term debt  of $16.9 billion.  
   
Apple Inc. | 2014 Form 10 -K | 35       2014     2013     2012   
Cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities     $ 155,239      $ 146,761      $ 121,251    
Property, plant and equipment, net     $ 20,624      $ 16,597      $ 15,452    
Long-term debt     $ 28,987      $ 16,960      $ 0    
Working capital     $ 5,083      $ 29,628      $ 19,111    
Cash generated by operating activities     $ 59,713      $ 53,666      $ 50,856    
Cash used in investing activities     $ (22,579 )    $ (33,774 )    $ (48,227 )  
Cash used in financing activities     $ (37,549 )    $ (16,379 )    $ (1,698 )  Table of Contents  
Capital Assets  
The Company’ s capital expenditures were $11.0 billion during 20 14, consisting of $491 million for retail store fac ilities and $10.5 billion for other 
capital expenditures, including product tooling and  manufacturing process equipment and other corporat e facilities and infrastructure. The 
Company’s actual cash payments for capital expendit ures during 2014 were $9.6 billion.  
The Company anticipates utilizing approximately $13 .0 billion for capital expenditures during 2015, in cluding approximately $600 million for retail 
store facilities and approximately $12.4 billion fo r other capital expenditures, including product too ling and manufacturing process equipment, data 
centers and corporate facilities and infrastructure , including information systems hardware, software and enhancements.  
During 2015, the Company expects to open about 25 n ew retail stores, with approximately three- quarters located outside of the U.S. During 2015, 
the Company also expects to remodel approximately f ive of its existing stores.  
Debt  
In April 2014, the Board of Directors authorized th e Company to issue unsecured short-term promissory notes (“Commercial Paper”) pursuant to a 
commercial paper program. The Company intends to us e the net proceeds from the commercial paper progra m for general corporate purposes, 
including dividends and share repurchases. As of Se ptember 27, 2014, the Company had $6.3 billion of C ommercial Paper outstanding, with a 
weighted -average interest rate of 0.12% and maturities gene rally less than nine months.  
In the third quarter of 2014 and 2013, the Company issued $12.0 billion and $17.0 billion of long- term debt, respectively. The debt issuances 
included floating- and fixed-rate notes with varyin g maturities for an aggregate principal amount of $ 29.0 billion (collectively the “Notes”). The 
Company has entered, and may enter in the future, i nto interest rate swaps to manage interest rate ris k on the Notes. Interest rate swaps allow 
the Company to effectively convert fixed-rate payme nts into floating-rate payments or floating-rate pa yments into fixed- rate payments. In the third 
quarter of 2014, the Company entered into interest rate swaps with an aggregate notional amount of $9. 0 billion, which effectively converted most 
of the fixed-rate notes into floating- rate notes, and in the third quarter of 2013, the C ompany entered into interest rate swaps with an agg regate 
notional amount of $3.0 billion, which effectively converted the floating-rate notes into fixed-rate n otes.  
Capital Return Program  
In April 2014, the Company’ s Board of Directors increased the share repurchase  program authorization from $60 billion to $90 bill ion of the 
Company’ s common stock, of which $67.9 billion had been uti lized as of September 27, 2014. The share repurchas e program is expected to be 
completed by the end of December 2015. The Company’ s share repurchase program does not obligate it to acquire any specific number of 
shares. Under the program, shares may be repurchase d in privately negotiated or open market transactio ns, including under plans complying with 
Rule 10b5-1 under the Exchange Act.  
   
Apple Inc. | 2014 Form 10 -K | 36  Table of Contents  
The increase to the Company’ s share repurchase program authorization resulted i n a total capital return program of over $130 billi on. The 
Company expects to complete the capital return prog ram by the end of December 2015 by paying dividends  and dividend equivalents, 
repurchasing shares and remitting withheld taxes re lated to net share settlement of restricted stock u nits. To assist in funding its capital return 
program, the Company expects to access the debt mar kets, both domestically and internationally.  
The following table presents the Company’ s dividends, dividend equivalents, share repurchase s and net share settlement activity from the start of 
the capital return program in August 2012 through S eptember 2014 (in millions):  
   
Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements and Contractual Obli gations  
The Company has not entered into any transactions w ith unconsolidated entities whereby the Company has  financial guarantees, subordinated 
retained interests, derivative instruments, or othe r contingent arrangements that expose the Company t o material continuing risks, contingent 
liabilities, or any other obligation under a variab le interest in an unconsolidated entity that provid es financing, liquidity, market risk, or credit ris k 
support to the Company, or engages in leasing, hedg ing, or R&D services with the Company.  
The following table presents certain payments due b y the Company under contractual obligations with mi nimum firm commitments as of 
September 27, 2014, and excludes amounts already re corded on the Consolidated Balance Sheet, except fo r long-term debt (in millions):  
   
Operating Leases  
The Company’s major facility leases are typically f or terms not exceeding 10 years and generally conta in multi-year renewal options. Leases for 
retail space are for terms ranging from five to 20 years, the majority of which are for 10 years, and often contain multi- year renewal options. As of 
September 27, 2014, the Company’ s total future minimum lease payments under noncanc elable operating leases were $5.0 billion, of which  $3.6 
billion related to leases for retail space.  
   
Apple Inc. | 2014 Form 10 -K | 37      Dividends and  
Dividend  
Equivalents Paid      Accelerated Share 
Repurchases      Open Market  
Share  
Repurchases      Taxes Related  
to Settlement of  
Equity Awards      Total   
2014    $ 11,126       $ 21,000       $ 24,000       $ 1,158       $ 57,284    
2013                      10,564                         13,950                           9,000                           1,082                         34,596    
2012      2,488         0         0         56         2,544    
                                                      
Total    $ 24,178       $ 34,950       $ 33,000       $ 2,296       $ 94,424    
          
           
           
           
           
    Payments Due in  
Less Than 1 Year      Payments Due in  
1-3 Years      Payments Due in  
4-5 Years      Payments Due in  
More Than 5 Years      Total   
Long-term debt    $ 0       $ 5,000       $ 9,000       $ 15,000       $ 29,000    
Operating leases      662                           1,321                           1,127                           1,877         4,987    
Purchase commitments                     24,529         0         0         0                         24,529    
Other obligations      2,056         1,276         19         0         3,351    
                                                      
Total    $ 27,247       $ 7,597       $ 10,146       $ 16,877       $ 61,867    
          
           
           
           
           Table of Contents  
Purchase Commitments  
The Company utilizes several outsourcing partners t o manufacture sub-assemblies for the Company’ s products and to perform final assembly and 
testing of finished products. These outsourcing par tners acquire components and build product based on  demand information supplied by the 
Company, which typically covers periods up to 150 d ays. The Company also obtains individual components  for its products from a wide variety of 
individual suppliers. Consistent with industry prac tice, the Company acquires components through a com bination of purchase orders, supplier 
contracts and open orders based on projected demand  information. Where appropriate, the purchases are applied to inventory component 
prepayments that are outstanding with the respectiv e supplier.  
Other Obligations  
The Company’ s other obligations were comprised mainly of commit ments to acquire capital assets, including product tooling and manufacturing 
process equipment and commitments related to advert ising, R&D, Internet and telecommunications service s and other obligations.  
The Company’s other non- current liabilities in the Consolidated Balance She ets consist primarily of deferred tax liabilities, gross unrecognized tax 
benefits and the related gross interest and penalti es. As of September 27, 2014, the Company had non- current deferred tax liabilities of $20.3 
billion. Additionally, as of September 27, 2014, th e Company had gross unrecognized tax benefits of $4 .0 billion and an additional $630 million for 
gross interest and penalties classified as non- current liabilities. At this time, the Company is u nable to make a reasonably reliable estimate of the  
timing of payments in individual years in connectio n with these tax liabilities; therefore, such amoun ts are not included in the above contractual 
obligation table.  
Indemnification  
The Company generally does not indemnify end- users of its operating system and application softw are against legal claims that the software 
infringes third- party intellectual property rights. Other agreement s entered into by the Company sometimes include ind emnification provisions 
under which the Company could be subject to costs a nd/or damages in the event of an infringement claim  against the Company or an indemnified 
third-party. However, the Company has not been required t o make any significant payments resulting from such  an infringement claim asserted 
against it or an indemnified third- party. In the opinion of management, there was not at least a reasonable possibility the Company may h ave 
incurred a material loss with respect to indemnific ation of end-users of its operating system or appli cation software for infringement of third- party 
intellectual property rights. The Company did not r ecord a liability for infringement costs related to  indemnification as of September 27, 2014 or 
September 28, 2013.  
The Company has entered into indemnification agreem ents with its directors and executive officers. Und er these agreements, the Company has 
agreed to indemnify such individuals to the fullest  extent permitted by law against liabilities that a rise by reason of their status as directors or 
officers and to advance expenses incurred by such i ndividuals in connection with related legal proceed ings. It is not possible to determine the 
maximum potential amount of payments the Company co uld be required to make under these agreements due to the limited history of prior 
indemnification claims and the unique facts and cir cumstances involved in each claim. However, the Com pany maintains directors and officers 
liability insurance coverage to reduce its exposure  to such obligations and payments made under these agreements historically have not been 
material.  
   
Apple Inc. | 2014 Form 10 -K | 38  Table of Contents  
Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates  
The preparation of financial statements and related  disclosures in conformity with U.S. generally acce pted accounting principles (“GAAP”) and the 
Company’s discussion and analysis of its financial condition and operating results require the Company ’s management to make judgments, 
assumptions and estimates that affect the amounts r eported in its consolidated financial statements an d accompanying notes. Note 1, “ Summary 
of Significant Accounting Policies” of the Notes to  Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II, Item  8 of this Form 10- K describes the significant 
accounting policies and methods used in the prepara tion of the Company’ s consolidated financial statements. Management bas es its estimates 
on historical experience and on various other assum ptions it believes to be reasonable under the circu mstances, the results of which form the 
basis for making judgments about the carrying value s of assets and liabilities. Actual results may dif fer from these estimates and such differences 
may be material.  
Management believes the Company’ s critical accounting policies and estimates are th ose related to revenue recognition, valuation and 
impairment of marketable securities, inventory valu ation and valuation of manufacturing- related assets and estimated purchase commitment 
cancellation fees, warranty costs, income taxes and  legal and other contingencies. Management consider s these policies critical because they are 
both important to the portrayal of the Company’ s financial condition and operating results, and th ey require management to make judgments and 
estimates about inherently uncertain matters. The C ompany’s senior management has reviewed these critical acc ounting policies and related 
disclosures with the Audit and Finance Committee of  the Company’s Board of Directors.  
Revenue Recognition  
Net sales consist primarily of revenue from the sal e of hardware, software, digital content and applic ations, accessories, and service and support 
contracts. The Company recognizes revenue when pers uasive evidence of an arrangement exists, delivery has occurred, the sales price is fixed 
or determinable and collection is probable. Product  is considered delivered to the customer once it ha s been shipped and title, risk of loss and 
rewards of ownership have been transferred. For mos t of the Company’ s product sales, these criteria are met at the time  the product is shipped. 
For online sales to individuals, for some sales to education customers in the U.S., and for certain ot her sales, the Company defers revenue until 
the customer receives the product because the Compa ny retains a portion of the risk of loss on these s ales during transit. The Company 
recognizes revenue from the sale of hardware produc ts, software bundled with hardware that is essentia l to the functionality of the hardware and 
third-party digital content sold on the iTunes Store in a ccordance with general revenue recognition accounti ng guidance. The Company 
recognizes revenue in accordance with industry spec ific software accounting guidance for the following  types of sales transactions: (i) standalone 
sales of software products, (ii) sales of software upgrades and (iii) sales of software bundled with h ardware not essential to the functionality of the 
hardware.  
For multi-element arrangements that include hardwar e products containing software essential to the har dware product’ s functionality, undelivered 
software elements that relate to the hardware produ ct’s essential software and/or undelivered non- software services, the Company allocates 
revenue to all deliverables based on their relative  selling prices. In such circumstances, the Company  uses a hierarchy to determine the selling 
price to be used for allocating revenue to delivera bles: (i) vendor-specific objective evidence of fai r value (“VSOE”), (ii) third- party evidence of 
selling price (“TPE”) and (iii) best estimate of se lling price (“ESP”). VSOE generally exists only when the Company sells t he deliverable separately 
and is the price actually charged by the Company fo r that deliverable. ESPs reflect the Company’ s best estimates of what the selling prices of 
elements would be if they were sold regularly on a stand-alone basis.  
For sales of qualifying versions of iOS devices, Ma c and Apple TV, the Company has indicated it may fr om time to time provide future unspecified 
software upgrades and features free of charge to cu stomers. The Company also provides various non- software services to owners of qualifying 
versions of iOS devices and Mac. Because the Compan y has neither VSOE nor TPE for the unspecified soft ware upgrade rights or the non-
software services, revenue is allocated to these ri ghts and services based on the Company’ s ESPs. Revenue allocated to the unspecified 
software upgrade rights and non-software services b ased on the Company’s ESPs is deferred and recogniz ed on a straight- line basis over the 
estimated period the software upgrades and non- software services are expected to be provided for e ach of these devices, which ranges from two 
to four years.  
   
Apple Inc. | 2014 Form 10 -K | 39  Table of Contents  
The Company’s process for determining ESPs involves  management’ s judgment and considers multiple factors that may vary over time 
depending upon the unique facts and circumstances r elated to each deliverable. Should future facts and  circumstances change, the Company’ s 
ESPs and the future rate of related amortization fo r software upgrades and non- software services related to future sales of these devices could 
change. Factors subject to change include the unspe cified software upgrade rights offered, the estimat ed value of unspecified software upgrade 
rights, the estimated or actual costs incurred to p rovide non-software services and the estimated peri od software upgrades and non- software 
services are expected to be provided.  
The Company records reductions to revenue for estim ated commitments related to price protection and ot her customer incentive programs. For 
transactions involving price protection, the Compan y recognizes revenue net of the estimated amount to  be refunded, provided the refund amount 
can be reasonably and reliably estimated and the ot her conditions for revenue recognition have been me t. The Company’ s policy requires that, if 
refunds cannot be reliably estimated, revenue is no t recognized until reliable estimates can be made o r the price protection lapses. For the 
Company’ s other customer incentive programs, the estimated cost is recognized at the later of the date at whic h the Company has sold the 
product or the date at which the program is offered . The Company also records reductions to revenue fo r expected future product returns based 
on the Company’ s historical experience. Future market conditions a nd product transitions may require the Company to i ncrease customer 
incentive programs that could result in reductions to future revenue. Additionally, certain customer i ncentive programs require management to 
estimate the number of customers who will actually redeem the incentive. Management’ s estimates are based on historical experience and the 
specific terms and conditions of particular incenti ve programs. If a greater than estimated proportion  of customers redeems such incentives, the 
Company would be required to record additional redu ctions to revenue, which would have an adverse impa ct on the Company’ s results of 
operations.  
Valuation and Impairment of Marketable Securities  
The Company’s investments in available-for- sale securities are reported at fair value. Unreali zed gains and losses related to changes in the fair  
value of securities are recognized in accumulated o ther comprehensive income, net of tax, in the Compa ny’s Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
Changes in the fair value of available-for-sale sec urities impact the Company’s net income only when s uch securities are sold or an other-than-
temporary impairment is recognized. Realized gains and losses on the sale of securities are determined  by specific identification of each security’ s 
cost basis. The Company regularly reviews its inves tment portfolio to determine if any security is oth er-than-temporarily impaired, which would 
require the Company to record an impairment charge in the period any such determination is made. In ma king this judgment, the Company 
evaluates, among other things, the duration and ext ent to which the fair value of a security is less t han its cost; the financial condition of the issuer  
and any changes thereto; and the Company’ s intent to sell, or whether it will more likely th an not be required to sell, the security before rec overy 
of its amortized cost basis. The Company’s assessme nt on whether a security is other-than- temporarily impaired could change in the future due  to 
new developments or changes in assumptions related to any particular security.  
Inventory Valuation and Valuation of Manufacturing- Related Assets and Estimated Purchase Commitment Ca ncellation Fees  
The Company must order components for its products and build inventory in advance of product shipments  and has invested in manufacturing 
process equipment, including capital assets held at  its suppliers’ facilities. In addition, the Company has made prepa yments to certain of its 
suppliers associated with long-term supply agreemen ts to secure supply of inventory components. The Co mpany records a write- down for 
inventories of components and products, including t hird-party products held for resale, which have become o bsolete or are in excess of 
anticipated demand or net realizable value. The Com pany performs a detailed review of inventory that c onsiders multiple factors including 
demand forecasts, product life cycle status, produc t development plans, current sales levels and compo nent cost trends. The Company also 
reviews its manufacturing- related capital assets and inventory prepayments fo r impairment whenever events or circumstances indic ate the 
carrying amount of such assets may not be recoverab le. If the Company determines that an asset is not recoverable, it records an impairment loss 
equal to the amount by which the carrying value of such an asset exceeds its fair value.  
   
Apple Inc. | 2014 Form 10 -K | 40  Table of Contents  
The industries in which the Company competes are su bject to a rapid and unpredictable pace of product and component obsolescence and 
demand changes. In certain circumstances the Compan y may be required to record additional write- downs of inventory, inventory prepayments 
and/or manufacturing-related capital assets. These circumstances include future demand or market condi tions for the Company’ s products being 
less favorable than forecasted, unforeseen technolo gical changes or changes to the Company’ s product development plans that negatively impact 
the utility of any of these assets, or significant deterioration in the financial condition of one or more of the Company’ s suppliers that hold any of 
the Company’s manufacturing process equipment or to  whom the Company has made an inventory prepayment.  Such write- downs would 
adversely affect the Company’s results of operation s in the period when the write-downs were recorded.   
The Company records accruals for estimated cancella tion fees related to component orders that have bee n cancelled or are expected to be 
cancelled. Consistent with industry practice, the C ompany acquires components through a combination of  purchase orders, supplier contracts and 
open orders in each case based on projected demand.  Where appropriate, the purchases are applied to in ventory component prepayments that 
are outstanding with the respective supplier. Purch ase commitments typically cover the Company’ s forecasted component and manufacturing 
requirements for periods up to 150 days. If there i s an abrupt and substantial decline in demand for o ne or more of the Company’ s products, if the 
Company’s product development plans change, or if t here is an unanticipated change in technological re quirements for any of the Company’ s 
products, then the Company may be required to recor d additional accruals for cancellation fees that wo uld adversely affect its results of 
operations in the period when the cancellation fees  are identified and recorded.  
Warranty Costs  
The Company provides for the estimated cost of warr anties at the time the related revenue is recognize d based on historical and projected 
warranty claim rates, historical and projected cost -per-claim and knowledge of specific product failur es that are outside of the Company’ s typical 
experience. Each quarter, the Company re- evaluates these estimates to assess the adequacy of  its recorded warranty liabilities considering the 
size of the installed base of products subject to w arranty protection and adjusts the amounts as neces sary. If actual product failure rates or repair 
costs differ from estimates, revisions to the estim ated warranty liabilities would be required and cou ld materially affect the Company’ s results of 
operations.  
Income Taxes  
The Company records a tax provision for the anticip ated tax consequences of the reported results of op erations. The provision for income taxes is 
computed using the asset and liability method, unde r which deferred tax assets and liabilities are rec ognized for the expected future tax 
consequences of temporary differences between the f inancial reporting and tax bases of assets and liab ilities, and for operating losses and tax 
credit carryforwards. Deferred tax assets and liabi lities are measured using the currently enacted tax  rates that apply to taxable income in effect 
for the years in which those tax assets are expecte d to be realized or settled. The Company records a valuation allowance to reduce deferred tax 
assets to the amount that is believed more likely t han not to be realized.  
The Company recognizes tax benefits from uncertain tax positions only if it is more likely than not th at the tax position will be sustained on 
examination by the taxing authorities, based on the  technical merits of the position. The tax benefits  recognized in the financial statements from 
such positions are then measured based on the large st benefit that has a greater than 50% likelihood o f being realized upon ultimate settlement.  
Management believes it is more likely than not that  forecasted income, including income that may be ge nerated as a result of certain tax planning 
strategies, together with future reversals of exist ing taxable temporary differences, will be sufficie nt to fully recover the deferred tax assets. In the  
event that the Company determines all or part of th e net deferred tax assets are not realizable in the  future, the Company will make an adjustment 
to the valuation allowance that would be charged to  earnings in the period such determination is made.  In addition, the calculation of tax liabilities 
involves significant judgment in estimating the imp act of uncertainties in the application of GAAP and  complex tax laws. Resolution of these 
uncertainties in a manner inconsistent with managem ent’s expectations could have a material impact on the Company’ s financial condition and 
operating results.  
   
Apple Inc. | 2014 Form 10 -K | 41  Table of Contents  
Legal and Other Contingencies  
As discussed in Part I, Item 3 of this Form 10-K un der the heading “Legal Proceedings” and in Part II,  Item 8 of this Form 10- K in the Notes to 
Consolidated Financial Statements in Note 10, “Comm itments and Contingencies,” the Company is subject to various legal proceedings  and 
claims that arise in the ordinary course of busines s. The Company records a liability when it is proba ble that a loss has been incurred and the 
amount is reasonably estimable. There is significan t judgment required in both the probability determi nation and as to whether an exposure can 
be reasonably estimated. In the opinion of manageme nt, there was not at least a reasonable possibility  the Company may have incurred a 
material loss, or a material loss in excess of a re corded accrual, with respect to loss contingencies for legal and other contingencies. However, the 
outcome of legal proceedings and claims brought aga inst the Company is subject to significant uncertai nty. Therefore, although management 
considers the likelihood of such an outcome to be r emote, if one or more of these legal matters were r esolved against the Company in a reporting 
period for amounts in excess of management’s expect ations, the Company’ s consolidated financial statements for that report ing period could be 
materially adversely affected.  
   
Interest Rate and Foreign Currency Risk Management  
The Company regularly reviews its foreign exchange forward and option positions and interest rate swap s, both on a stand-alone basis and in 
conjunction with its underlying foreign currency an d interest rate related exposures. Given the effect ive horizons of the Company’ s risk 
management activities and the anticipatory nature o f the exposures, there can be no assurance these po sitions will offset more than a portion of 
the financial impact resulting from movements in ei ther foreign exchange or interest rates. Further, t he recognition of the gains and losses related 
to these instruments may not coincide with the timi ng of gains and losses related to the underlying ec onomic exposures and, therefore, may 
adversely affect the Company’s financial condition and operating results.  
Interest Rate Risk  
While the Company is exposed to interest rate fluct uations in many of the world’s leading industrializ ed countries, the Company’ s interest income 
and expense are most sensitive to fluctuations in U .S. interest rates. Changes in U.S. interest rates affect the interest earned on the Company’ s 
cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities an d the fair value of those securities, as well as co sts associated with hedging and interest paid 
on the Company’s debt.  
Investments  
The Company’s investment policy and strategy are fo cused on preservation of capital and supporting the  Company’ s liquidity requirements. The 
Company uses a combination of internal and external  management to execute its investment strategy and achieve its investment objectives.  
The Company’s exposure to changes in interest rates  relates primarily to the Company’ s investment portfolio. The Company typically inves ts in 
highly-rated securities, and its investment policy general ly limits the amount of credit exposure to any one issuer. The policy requires investments 
generally to be investment grade, with the primary objective of minimizing the potential risk of princ ipal loss.  
To provide a meaningful assessment of the interest rate risk associated with the Company’ s investment portfolio, the Company performed a 
sensitivity analysis to determine the impact a chan ge in interest rates would have on the value of the  investment portfolio assuming a 100 basis 
point parallel shift in the yield curve. Based on i nvestment positions as of September 27, 2014, a hyp othetical 100 basis point increase in interest 
rates across all maturities would result in a $3.4 billion incremental decline in the fair market valu e of the portfolio. As of September 28, 2013, a 
similar 100 basis point increase in the yield curve  would have resulted in a $2.7 billion incremental decline in the fair market value of the portfolio. 
Such losses would only be realized if the Company s old the investments prior to maturity.  
   
Apple Inc. | 2014 Form 10 -K | 42  Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Mark et Risk Table of Contents  
Debt  
In April 2014, the Board of Directors authorized th e Company to issue Commercial Paper pursuant to a c ommercial paper program. As of 
September 27, 2014, the Company had $6.3 billion of  Commercial Paper outstanding, with maturities gene rally less than nine months.  
In the third quarters of 2014 and 2013, the Company  issued $12.0 billion and $17.0 billion of long- term debt, respectively. The debt issuances 
included floating- and fixed-rate notes with varyin g maturities for an aggregate principal amount of $ 29.0 billion (collectively the “Notes”). The 
Company has entered, and may enter in the future, i nto interest rate swaps to manage interest rate ris k on the Notes. Interest rate swaps allow 
the Company to effectively convert fixed-rate payme nts into floating-rate payments or floating-rate pa yments into fixed- rate payments. In the third 
quarter of 2014, the Company entered into interest rate swaps with an aggregate notional amount of $9. 0 billion, which effectively converted most 
of the fixed-rate notes into floating- rate notes, and in the third quarter of 2013, the C ompany entered into interest rate swaps with an agg regate 
notional amount of $3.0 billion, which effectively converted the floating-rate notes into fixed- rate notes. As of September 27, 2014, a 100 basis 
point increase in market interest rates would cause  interest expense on the Company’s debt to increase  by $110 million on an annualized basis.  
Further details regarding the Company’s debt is pro vided in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements i n 
Note 6, “Debt.”  
Foreign Currency Risk  
In general, the Company is a net receiver of curren cies other than the U.S. dollar. Accordingly, chang es in exchange rates, and in particular a 
strengthening of the U.S. dollar, will negatively a ffect the Company’ s net sales and gross margins as expressed in U.S. dollars. There is a risk that 
the Company will have to adjust local currency prod uct pricing due to competitive pressures when there  have been significant volatility in foreign 
currency exchange rates.  
The Company may enter into foreign currency forward  and option contracts with financial institutions t o protect against foreign exchange risks 
associated with certain existing assets and liabili ties, certain firmly committed transactions, foreca sted future cash flows and net investments in 
foreign subsidiaries. The Company’ s practice is to hedge a portion of its material fo reign exchange exposures, typically for up to 12 mo nths. 
However, the Company may choose not to hedge certai n foreign exchange exposures for a variety of reaso ns, including but not limited to 
accounting considerations and the prohibitive econo mic cost of hedging particular exposures.  
To provide a meaningful assessment of the foreign c urrency risk associated with certain of the Company ’s foreign currency derivative positions, 
the Company performed a sensitivity analysis using a value-at-risk (“VAR”) model to assess the potential impact of fluctuation s in exchange rates. 
The VAR model consisted of using a Monte Carlo simu lation to generate thousands of random market price  paths assuming normal market 
conditions. The VAR is the maximum expected loss in  fair value, for a given confidence interval, to th e Company’ s foreign currency derivative 
positions due to adverse movements in rates. The VA R model is not intended to represent actual losses but is used as a risk estimation and 
management tool. The model assumes normal market co nditions. Forecasted transactions, firm commitments  and assets and liabilities 
denominated in foreign currencies were excluded fro m the model. Based on the results of the model, the  Company estimates with 95% 
confidence a maximum one-day loss in fair value of $240 million as of September 27, 2014 compared to a  maximum one- day loss in fair value of 
$201 million as of September 28, 2013. Because the Company uses foreign currency instruments for hedgi ng purposes, the loss in fair value 
incurred on those instruments are generally offset by increases in the fair value of the underlying ex posures.  
Actual future gains and losses associated with the Company’ s investment portfolio and derivative positions may  differ materially from the 
sensitivity analyses performed as of September 27, 2014 due to the inherent limitations associated wit h predicting the timing and amount of 
changes in interest rates, foreign currency exchang es rates and the Company’s actual exposures and pos itions.  
   
Apple Inc. | 2014 Form 10 -K | 43  Table of Contents  
   
All financial statement schedules have been omitted , since the required information is not applicable or is not present in amounts sufficient to 
require submission of the schedule, or because the information required is included in the consolidate d financial statements and notes thereto.  
   
Apple Inc. | 2014 Form 10 -K | 44  Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
Index to Consolidated Financial Statements     Page 
Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years  ended September 27, 2014, September  28, 2013 and September 29, 2012         45   
Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for  the years ended September 27, 2014, September  28,  2013 and 
September 29, 2012         46   
Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 27, 201 4 and September 28, 2013         47   
Consolidated Statements of Shareholders’ Equity for  the years ended September 27, 2014, September  28,  2013 and September 29, 
2012         48   
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years  ended September 27, 2014, September  28, 2013 and September 29, 2012         49   
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements         50   
Selected Quarterly Financial Information (Unaudited )         80   
Reports of Ernst & Young LLP, Independent Registere d Public Accounting Firm         81   Table of Contents  
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS  
(In millions, except number of shares which are ref lected in thousands and per share amounts)  
   
See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial St atements.  
   
Apple Inc. | 2014 Form 10 -K | 45       Years ended   
     September 27, 
 
2014      September 28, 
 
2013      September 29, 
 
2012   
Net sales     $ 182,795       $ 170,910       $ 156,508    
Cost of sales       112,258         106,606         87,846    
                                 
Gross margin       70,537         64,304         68,662    
                                 
Operating expenses:           
Research and development       6,041         4,475         3,381    
Selling, general and administrative       11,993         10,830         10,040    
                                 
Total operating expenses       18,034         15,305         13,421    
                                 
Operating income       52,503         48,999         55,241    
Other income/(expense), net       980         1,156         522    
                                 
Income before provision for income taxes       53,483         50,155         55,763    
Provision for income taxes       13,973         13,118         14,030    
                                 
Net income     $ 39,510       $ 37,037       $ 41,733    
           
           
           
Earnings per share:           
Basic     $ 6.49       $ 5.72       $ 6.38    
Diluted     $ 6.45       $ 5.68       $ 6.31    
         
Shares used in computing earnings per share:           
Basic       6,085,572         6,477,320         6,543,726    
Diluted       6,122,663         6,521,634         6,617,483    
Cash dividends declared per common share     $ 1.82       $ 1.64       $ 0.38    Table of Contents  
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME  
(In millions)  
   
   
See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial St atements.  
   
Apple Inc. | 2014 Form 10 -K | 46       Years ended   
     September 27, 
 
2014     September 28, 
 
2013     September 29, 
 
2012   
Net income     $ 39,510      $ 37,037      $ 41,733    
                               
Other comprehensive income/(loss):         
Change in foreign currency translation, net of tax effects of $50, $35 
and $13, respectively       (137 )      (112 )      (15 )  
                               
Change in unrecognized gains/losses on derivative i nstruments:         
Change in fair value of derivatives, net of tax ben efit/(expense) of 
$(297), $(351) and $73, respectively       1,390                    522        (131 )  
Adjustment for net losses/(gains) realized and incl uded in net income, 
net of tax expense/(benefit) of $(36), $255 and $22 0, respectively       149        (458 )      (399 )  
                               
Total change in unrecognized gains/losses on deriva tive 
instruments, net of tax       1,539        64        (530 )  
                               
Change in unrealized gains/losses on marketable sec urities:         
Change in fair value of marketable securities, net of tax benefit/
(expense) of $(153), $458 and $(421), respectively                   285        (791 )                  715    
Adjustment for net losses/(gains) realized and incl uded in net income, 
net of tax expense/(benefit) of $71, $82 and $68, r espectively       (134 )      (131 )      (114 )  
                               
Total change in unrealized gains/losses on marketab le securities, 
net of tax       151        (922 )      601    
                               
Total other comprehensive income/(loss)       1,553        (970 )      56    
                               
Total comprehensive income     $ 41,063      $ 36,067      $ 41,789    
           
          
          Table of Contents  
CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS  
(In millions, except number of shares which are ref lected in thousands and par value)  
   
   
See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial St atements.  
   
Apple Inc. | 2014 Form 10 -K | 47       September 27, 
 
2014      September 28, 
 
2013   
ASSETS:    
Current assets:        
Cash and cash equivalents     $ 13,844       $ 14,259    
Short-term marketable securities       11,233         26,287    
Accounts receivable, less allowances of $86 and $99 , respectively       17,460         13,102    
Inventories       2,111         1,764    
Deferred tax assets       4,318         3,453    
Vendor non-trade receivables       9,759         7,539    
Other current assets       9,806         6,882    
                      
Total current assets       68,531         73,286    
Long-term marketable securities       130,162         106,215    
Property, plant and equipment, net       20,624         16,597    
Goodwill       4,616         1,577    
Acquired intangible assets, net       4,142         4,179    
Other assets       3,764         5,146    
                      
Total assets     $     231,839       $     207,000    
           
           
LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS ’ EQUITY:    
Current liabilities:        
Accounts payable     $ 30,196       $ 22,367    
Accrued expenses       18,453         13,856    
Deferred revenue       8,491         7,435    
Commercial paper       6,308         0    
                      
Total current liabilities       63,448         43,658    
Deferred revenue – non-current       3,031         2,625    
Long-term debt       28,987         16,960    
Other non -current liabilities       24,826         20,208    
                      
Total liabilities       120,292         83,451    
                      
Commitments and contingencies        
Shareholders’ equity:        
Common stock and additional paid-in capital, $0.000 01 par value; 12,600,000 shares authorized; 
5,866,161 and 6,294,494 shares issued and outstandi ng, respectively       23,313         19,764    
Retained earnings       87,152         104,256    
Accumulated other comprehensive income/(loss)       1,082         (471 )  
                      
Total shareholders’ equity       111,547         123,549    
                      
Total liabilities and shareholders’ equity     $ 231,839       $ 207,000    
           
           Table of Contents  
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY  
(In millions, except number of shares which are ref lected in thousands)  
   
See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial St atements.  
   
Apple Inc. | 2014 Form 10 -K | 48          
Common Stock and  
Additional Paid -In Capital      Retained  
    Earnings    
      Accumulated  
Other  
Comprehensive 
 
Income/(Loss)     Total  
Shareholders ’
 
Equity            Shares             Amount             
Balances as of September 24, 2011       6,504,937      $ 13,331      $ 62,841      $ 443      $ 76,615    
                                                   
Net income       0        0        41,733        0        41,733    
Other comprehensive income/(loss)       0        0        0        56        56    
Dividends and dividend equivalents 
declared       0        0        (2,523 )      0        (2,523 )  
Share -based compensation       0        1,740        0        0        1,740    
Common stock issued, net of shares 
withheld for employee taxes       69,521        200        (762 )      0        (562 )  
Tax benefit from equity awards, including 
transfer pricing adjustments       0        1,151        0        0        1,151    
                                                   
Balances as of September 29, 2012       6,574,458        16,422        101,289        499        118,210    
                                                   
Net income       0        0        37,037        0        37,037    
Other comprehensive income/(loss)       0        0        0        (970 )      (970 )  
Dividends and dividend equivalents 
declared       0        0        (10,676 )      0        (10,676 )  
Repurchase of common stock       (328,837 )      0        (22,950 )      0        (22,950 )  
Share-based compensation       0        2,253        0        0        2,253    
Common stock issued, net of shares 
withheld for employee taxes       48,873        (143 )      (444 )      0        (587 )  
Tax benefit from equity awards, including 
transfer pricing adjustments       0        1,232        0        0        1,232    
                                                   
Balances as of September 28, 2013       6,294,494        19,764        104,256        (471 )      123,549    
                                                   
Net income       0        0        39,510        0        39,510    
Other comprehensive income/(loss)       0        0        0        1,553        1,553    
Dividends and dividend equivalents 
declared       0        0        (11,215 )      0        (11,215 )  
Repurchase of common stock       (488,677 )      0        (45,000 )      0        (45,000 )  
Share-based compensation       0        2,863        0        0        2,863    
Common stock issued, net of shares 
withheld for employee taxes       60,344        (49 )      (399 )      0        (448 )  
Tax benefit from equity awards, including 
transfer pricing adjustments       0        735        0        0        735    
                                                   
Balances as of September 27, 2014       5,866,161      $   23,313      $ 87,152      $     1,082      $ 111,547    
           
          
          
          
          Table of Contents  
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS  
(In millions)  
   
See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial St atements.  
   
Apple Inc. | 2014 Form 10 -K | 49      Years ended   
    September 27, 
 
2014     September 28, 
 
2013     September 29, 
 
2012   
Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of the year    $ 14,259      $ 10,746      $ 9,815    
                              
Operating activities:        
Net income      39,510        37,037        41,733    
Adjustments to reconcile net income to cash generat ed by operating 
activities:        
Depreciation and amortization      7,946        6,757        3,277    
Share-based compensation expense      2,863        2,253        1,740    
Deferred income tax expense      2,347        1,141        4,405    
Changes in operating assets and liabilities:        
Accounts receivable, net      (4,232 )      (2,172 )      (5,551 )  
Inventories      (76 )      (973 )      (15 )  
Vendor non-trade receivables      (2,220 )      223        (1,414 )  
Other current and non-current assets      167        1,080        (3,162 )  
Accounts payable      5,938        2,340        4,467    
Deferred revenue      1,460        1,459        2,824    
Other current and non -current liabilities      6,010        4,521        2,552    
                              
Cash generated by operating activities      59,713        53,666        50,856    
                              
Investing activities:        
Purchases of marketable securities      (217,128 )      (148,489 )      (151,232 )  
Proceeds from maturities of marketable securities      18,810        20,317        13,035    
Proceeds from sales of marketable securities      189,301        104,130        99,770    
Payments made in connection with business acquisiti ons, net      (3,765 )      (496 )      (350 )  
Payments for acquisition of property, plant and equ ipment      (9,571 )      (8,165 )      (8,295 )  
Payments for acquisition of intangible assets      (242 )      (911 )      (1,107 )  
Other      16        (160 )      (48 )  
                              
Cash used in investing activities      (22,579 )      (33,774 )      (48,227 )  
                              
Financing activities:        
Proceeds from issuance of common stock      730        530        665    
Excess tax benefits from equity awards      739        701        1,351    
Taxes paid related to net share settlement of equit y awards      (1,158 )      (1,082 )      (1,226 )  
Dividends and dividend equivalents paid      (11,126 )      (10,564 )      (2,488 )  
Repurchase of common stock      (45,000 )      (22,860 )      0    
Proceeds from issuance of long -term debt, net      11,960        16,896        0    
Proceeds from issuance of commercial paper, net      6,306        0        0    
                              
Cash used in financing activities      (37,549 )      (16,379 )      (1,698 )  
                              
Increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents      (415 )      3,513        931    
                              
Cash and cash equivalents, end of the year    $ 13,844      $ 14,259      $ 10,746    
          
          
          
Supplemental cash flow disclosure:        
Cash paid for income taxes, net    $ 10,026      $ 9,128      $ 7,682    
Cash paid for interest    $ 339      $ 0      $ 0    Table of Contents  
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  
Note 1 – Summary of Significant Accounting Policies   
Apple Inc. and its wholly-owned subsidiaries (colle ctively “Apple” or the “Company”) designs, manufactures and markets mobile communicat ion 
and media devices, personal computers and portable digital music players, and sells a variety of relat ed software, services, accessories, 
networking solutions and third- party digital content and applications. The Company  sells its products worldwide through its retail st ores, online 
stores and direct sales force, as well as through t hird-party cellular network carriers, wholesalers, retailers and value- added resellers. In addition, 
the Company sells a variety of third- party iPhone, iPad, Mac and iPod compatible product s, including application software, and various 
accessories through its online and retail stores. T he Company sells to consumers, small and mid- sized businesses, and education, enterprise and 
government customers.  
Basis of Presentation and Preparation  
The accompanying consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company. Intercompany a ccounts and transactions have been 
eliminated. The preparation of these consolidated f inancial statements in conformity with U.S. general ly accepted accounting principles (“GAAP” ) 
requires management to make estimates and assumptio ns that affect the amounts reported in these consol idated financial statements and 
accompanying notes. Actual results could differ mat erially from those estimates.  
The Company’s fiscal year is the 52 or 53-week peri od that ends on the last Saturday of September. The  Company’ s fiscal years 2014, 2013 and 
2012 ended on September 27, 2014, September 28, 201 3 and September 29, 2012, respectively. An addition al week is included in the first fiscal 
quarter approximately every six years to realign fi scal quarters with calendar quarters. Fiscal years 2014 and 2013 spanned 52 weeks each. 
Fiscal year 2012 spanned 53 weeks, with a 14th week  included in the first quarter of 2012. Unless othe rwise stated, references to particular years, 
quarters, months and periods refer to the Company’ s fiscal years ended in September and the associate d quarters, months and periods of those 
fiscal years.  
During the first quarter of 2014, the Company adopt ed updated accounting standards that (i) required d isclosure of additional information about 
the amounts reclassified out of accumulated other c omprehensive income (“AOCI”) by component and (ii) required gross and net disclo sures 
about offsetting assets and liabilities. The adopti on of these updated standards only impacted the dis closures in the Notes to Consolidated 
Financial Statements; accordingly, the adoption had  no impact on the Company’ s financial position or results of operations. The Company has 
provided these additional disclosures in this Form 10-K in Note 8, “Comprehensive Income” and Note 2, “Financial Instruments,” respectively.  
Common Stock Split  
On June 6, 2014, the Company effected a seven-for- one stock split to shareholders of record as of Jun e 2, 2014. All share and per share 
information has been retroactively adjusted to refl ect the stock split.  
Revenue Recognition  
Net sales consist primarily of revenue from the sal e of hardware, software, digital content and applic ations, accessories and service and support 
contracts. The Company recognizes revenue when pers uasive evidence of an arrangement exists, delivery has occurred, the sales price is fixed 
or determinable and collection is probable. Product  is considered delivered to the customer once it ha s been shipped and title, risk of loss and 
rewards of ownership have been transferred. For mos t of the Company’ s product sales, these criteria are met at the time  the product is shipped. 
For online sales to individuals, for some sales to education customers in the U.S., and for certain ot her sales, the Company defers revenue until 
the customer receives the product because the Compa ny retains a portion of the risk of loss on these s ales during transit. The Company 
recognizes revenue from the sale of hardware produc ts, software bundled with hardware that is essentia l to the functionality of the hardware, and 
third-party digital content sold on the iTunes Store in a ccordance with general revenue recognition accounti ng guidance. The Company 
recognizes revenue in accordance with industry spec ific software accounting guidance for the following  types of sales transactions: (i) standalone 
sales of software products, (ii) sales of software upgrades and (iii) sales of software bundled with h ardware not essential to the functionality of the 
hardware.  
   
Apple Inc. | 2014 Form 10 -K | 50  Table of Contents  
For the sale of most third- party products, the Company recognizes revenue base d on the gross amount billed to customers because t he Company 
establishes its own pricing for such products, reta ins related inventory risk for physical products, i s the primary obligor to the customer and 
assumes the credit risk for amounts billed to its c ustomers. For third- party applications sold through the App Store and M ac App Store and certain 
digital content sold through the iTunes Store, the Company does not determine the selling price of the  products and is not the primary obligor to 
the customer. Therefore, the Company accounts for s uch sales on a net basis by recognizing in net sale s only the commission it retains from each 
sale. The portion of the gross amount billed to cus tomers that is remitted by the Company to third- party app developers and certain digital content 
owners is not reflected in the Company’s Consolidat ed Statements of Operations.  
The Company records deferred revenue when it receiv es payments in advance of the delivery of products or the performance of services. This 
includes amounts that have been deferred for unspec ified and specified software upgrade rights and non -software services that are attached to 
hardware and software products. The Company sells g ift cards redeemable at its retail and online store s, and also sells gift cards redeemable on 
the iTunes Store for the purchase of digital conten t and software. The Company records deferred revenu e upon the sale of the card, which is 
relieved upon redemption of the card by the custome r. Revenue from AppleCare service and support contr acts is deferred and recognized over 
the service coverage periods. AppleCare service and  support contracts typically include extended phone  support, repair services, web- based 
support resources and diagnostic tools offered unde r the Company’s standard limited warranty.  
The Company records reductions to revenue for estim ated commitments related to price protection and ot her customer incentive programs. For 
transactions involving price protection, the Compan y recognizes revenue net of the estimated amount to  be refunded. For the Company’ s other 
customer incentive programs, the estimated cost of these programs is recognized at the later of the da te at which the Company has sold the 
product or the date at which the program is offered . The Company also records reductions to revenue fo r expected future product returns based 
on the Company’ s historical experience. Revenue is recorded net of  taxes collected from customers that are remitted t o governmental authorities, 
with the collected taxes recorded as current liabil ities until remitted to the relevant government aut hority.  
Revenue Recognition for Arrangements with Multiple Deliverables  
For multi-element arrangements that include hardwar e products containing software essential to the har dware product’ s functionality, undelivered 
software elements that relate to the hardware produ ct’s essential software, and undelivered non- software services, the Company allocates 
revenue to all deliverables based on their relative  selling prices. In such circumstances, the Company  uses a hierarchy to determine the selling 
price to be used for allocating revenue to delivera bles: (i) vendor-specific objective evidence of fai r value (“VSOE”), (ii) third- party evidence of 
selling price (“TPE”) and (iii) best estimate of se lling price (“ESP”). VSOE generally exists only when the Company sells t he deliverable separately 
and is the price actually charged by the Company fo r that deliverable. ESPs reflect the Company’ s best estimates of what the selling prices of 
elements would be if they were sold regularly on a stand-alone basis. For multi- element arrangements accounted for in accordance wi th industry 
specific software accounting guidance, the Company allocates revenue to all deliverables based on the VSOE of each element, and if VSOE does 
not exist revenue is recognized when elements lacki ng VSOE are delivered.  
For sales of qualifying versions of iPhone, iPad an d iPod touch (“iOS devices”), Mac and Apple TV, the Company has indicated it may from time to 
time provide future unspecified software upgrades a nd features to the essential software bundled with each of these hardware products free of 
charge to customers. Essential software for iOS dev ices includes iOS and related applications and for Mac includes OS X and related 
applications. The Company also provides various non -software services to owners of qualifying versions of iOS devices and Mac. The Company 
has identified up to three deliverables regularly i ncluded in arrangements involving the sale of these  devices. The first deliverable is the hardware 
and software essential to the functionality of the hardware device delivered at the time of sale. The second deliverable is the embedded right 
included with the purchase of iOS devices, Mac and Apple TV to receive on a when-and-if- available basis, future unspecified software upgrad es 
and features relating to the product’s essential so ftware. The third deliverable is the non- software services to be provided to qualifying vers ions of 
iOS devices and Mac. The Company allocates revenue between these deliverables using the relative selli ng price method. Because the Company 
has neither VSOE nor TPE for these deliverables, th e allocation of revenue is based on the Company’ s ESPs. Revenue allocated to the delivered 
hardware and the related essential software is reco gnized at the time of sale provided the other condi tions for revenue recognition have been met. 
Revenue allocated to the embedded unspecified  
   
Apple Inc. | 2014 Form 10 -K | 51  Table of Contents  
software upgrade rights and the non-software servic es is deferred and recognized on a straight- line basis over the estimated period the software 
upgrades and non- software services are expected to be provided for e ach of these devices, which ranges from two to four  years. Cost of sales 
related to delivered hardware and related essential  software, including estimated warranty costs, are recognized at the time of sale. Costs 
incurred to provide non- software services are recognized as cost of sales a s incurred, and engineering and sales and marketing  costs are 
recognized as operating expenses as incurred.  
The Company’ s process for determining its ESP for deliverables without VSOE or TPE considers multiple factors that  may vary depending upon 
the unique facts and circumstances related to each deliverable. The Company believes its customers wou ld be reluctant to buy unspecified 
software upgrade rights for the essential software included with its qualifying hardware products. Thi s view is primarily based on the fact that 
unspecified software upgrade rights do not obligate  the Company to provide upgrades at a particular ti me or at all, and do not specify to 
customers which upgrades or features will be delive red. The Company also believes its customers would be unwilling to pay a significant amount 
for access to the non- software services because other companies offer sim ilar services at little or no cost to users. Theref ore, the Company has 
concluded that if it were to sell upgrade rights or  access to the non- software services on a standalone basis, including those rights and services 
attached to iOS devices, Mac and Apple TV, the sell ing prices would be relatively low. Key factors con sidered by the Company in developing the 
ESPs for software upgrade rights include prices cha rged by the Company for similar offerings, market t rends in the pricing of Apple- branded and 
third-party Mac and iOS compatible software, the nature o f the upgrade rights (e.g., unspecified versus spec ified) and the relative ESP of the 
upgrade rights as compared to the total selling pri ce of the product. The Company may also consider ad ditional factors as appropriate, including 
the impact of other products and services provided to customers, the pricing of competitive alternativ es if they exist, product- specific business 
objectives and the length of time a particular vers ion of a device has been available. When relevant, the same factors are considered by the 
Company in developing ESPs for offerings such as th e non-software services with additional consideration giv en to the estimated cost to provide 
such services.  
In 2014, 2013 and 2012, the Company’s combined ESPs  for the unspecified software upgrade rights and th e rights to receive the non- software 
services included with its qualifying hardware devi ces have ranged from $5 to $40. As of September 27,  2014, the combined ESPs for Mac was 
$40 and for iPhone and iPad ranged from $15 to $25.  Revenue allocated to such rights is deferred and r ecognized on a straight- line basis over 
the estimated period the rights are expected to be provided for each device, which ranges from two to four years.  
Shipping Costs  
For all periods presented, amounts billed to custom ers related to shipping and handling are classified  as revenue, and the Company’ s shipping 
and handling costs are included in cost of sales.  
Warranty Costs  
The Company generally provides for the estimated co st of hardware and software warranties at the time the related revenue is recognized. The 
Company assesses the adequacy of its pre- existing warranty liabilities and adjusts the amoun ts as necessary based on actual experience and 
changes in future estimates.  
Software Development Costs  
Research and development (“R&D”) costs are expensed as incurred. Development costs o f computer software to be sold, leased, or otherwis e 
marketed are subject to capitalization beginning wh en a product’ s technological feasibility has been established an d ending when a product is 
available for general release to customers. In most  instances, the Company’ s products are released soon after technological fe asibility has been 
established. Costs incurred subsequent to achieveme nt of technological feasibility were not significan t, and software development costs were 
expensed as incurred during 2014, 2013 and 2012.  
Advertising Costs  
Advertising costs are expensed as incurred and incl uded in selling, general and administrative expense s. Advertising expense was $1.2 billion, 
$1.1 billion and $1.0 billion for 2014, 2013 and 20 12, respectively.  
   
Apple Inc. | 2014 Form 10 -K | 52  Table of Contents  
Share-based Compensation  
The Company recognizes expense related to share- based payment transactions in which it receives emp loyee services in exchange for (a) equity 
instruments of the Company or (b) liabilities that are based on the fair value of the enterprise’ s equity instruments or that may be settled by the 
issuance of such equity instruments. Share-based co mpensation cost for restricted stock and restricted  stock units (“RSUs”) is measured based 
on the closing fair market value of the Company’s c ommon stock on the date of grant. The Company recog nizes share- based compensation cost 
over the award’s requisite service period on a stra ight-line basis for time- based RSUs and on a graded basis for RSUs that are contingent on the 
achievement of performance metrics. The Company rec ognizes a benefit from share- based compensation in the Consolidated Statements o f 
Shareholders’ Equity if an incremental tax benefit is realized. In addition, the Company recognizes th e indirect effects of share- based 
compensation on R&D tax credits, foreign tax credit s and domestic manufacturing deductions in the Cons olidated Statements of Operations. 
Further information regarding share-based compensat ion can be found in Note 9, “Benefit Plans” of this  Form 10-K.  
Income Taxes  
The provision for income taxes is computed using th e asset and liability method, under which deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for 
the expected future tax consequences of temporary d ifferences between the financial reporting and tax bases of assets and liabilities and for 
operating losses and tax credit carryforwards. Defe rred tax assets and liabilities are measured using the currently enacted tax rates that apply to 
taxable income in effect for the years in which tho se tax assets are expected to be realized or settle d. The Company records a valuation 
allowance to reduce deferred tax assets to the amou nt that is believed more likely than not to be real ized.  
The Company recognizes the tax benefit from an unce rtain tax position only if it is more likely than n ot the tax position will be sustained on 
examination by the taxing authorities, based on the  technical merits of the position. The tax benefits  recognized in the financial statements from 
such positions are then measured based on the large st benefit that has a greater than 50% likelihood o f being realized upon settlement. See Note 
5, “Income Taxes” of this Form 10-K for additional information.  
Earnings Per Share  
Basic earnings per share is computed by dividing in come available to common shareholders by the weight ed-average number of shares of 
common stock outstanding during the period. Diluted  earnings per share is computed by dividing income available to common shareholders by 
the weighted- average number of shares of common stock outstandin g during the period increased to include the number  of additional shares of 
common stock that would have been outstanding if th e potentially dilutive securities had been issued. Potentially dilutive securities include 
outstanding stock options, shares to be purchased u nder the Company’ s employee stock purchase plan, unvested restricted  stock and unvested 
RSUs. The dilutive effect of potentially dilutive s ecurities is reflected in diluted earnings per shar e by application of the treasury stock method. 
Under the treasury stock method, an increase in the  fair market value of the Company’ s common stock can result in a greater dilutive eff ect from 
potentially dilutive securities.  
The following table shows the computation of basic and diluted earnings per share for 2014, 2013 and 2 012 (net income in millions and shares in 
thousands):  
   
Potentially dilutive securities, the effect of whic h would have been antidilutive, were not significan t for 2014, 2013 and 2012. The Company 
excluded these securities from the computation of d iluted earnings per share.  
   
Apple Inc. | 2014 Form 10 -K | 53       2014      2013      2012   
Numerator:           
Net income     $ 39,510       $ 37,037       $ 41,733    
Denominator:           
Weighted-average shares outstanding       6,085,572         6,477,320         6,543,726    
Effect of dilutive securities       37,091         44,314         73,757    
                                 
Weighted-average diluted shares       6,122,663         6,521,634         6,617,483    
           
           
           
Basic earnings per share     $ 6.49       $ 5.72       $ 6.38    
Diluted earnings per share     $ 6.45       $ 5.68       $ 6.31    Table of Contents  
Financial Instruments  
Cash Equivalents and Marketable Securities  
All highly liquid investments with maturities of th ree months or less at the date of purchase are clas sified as cash equivalents. The Company’ s 
marketable debt and equity securities have been cla ssified and accounted for as available-for-sale. Management determines the appropriate 
classification of its investments at the time of pu rchase and reevaluates the designations at each bal ance sheet date. The Company classifies its 
marketable debt securities as either short-term or long-term based on each instrument’ s underlying contractual maturity date. Marketable debt 
securities with maturities of 12 months or less are  classified as short- term and marketable debt securities with maturities  greater than 12 months 
are classified as long-term. The Company classifies  its marketable equity securities, including mutual  funds, as either short-term or long- term 
based on the nature of each security and its availa bility for use in current operations. The Company’ s marketable debt and equity securities are 
carried at fair value, with the unrealized gains an d losses, net of taxes, reported as a component of shareholders’ equity. The cost of securities 
sold is based upon the specific identification meth od.  
Derivative Financial Instruments  
The Company accounts for its derivative instruments  as either assets or liabilities and carries them a t fair value.  
For derivative instruments that hedge the exposure to variability in expected future cash flows that a re designated as cash flow hedges, the 
effective portion of the gain or loss on the deriva tive instrument is reported as a component of AOCI in shareholders’ equity and reclassified into 
income in the same period or periods during which t he hedged transaction affects earnings. The ineffec tive portion of the gain or loss on the 
derivative instrument, if any, is recognized in cur rent income. To receive hedge accounting treatment,  cash flow hedges must be highly effective in 
offsetting changes to expected future cash flows on  hedged transactions. For options designated as cas h flow hedges, changes in the time value 
are excluded from the assessment of hedge effective ness and are recognized in income. For derivative i nstruments that hedge the exposure to 
changes in the fair value of an asset or a liabilit y and that are designated as fair value hedges, bot h the net gain or loss on the derivative 
instrument as well as the offsetting gain or loss o n the hedged item attributable to the hedged risk a re recognized in earnings in the current period. 
For derivative instruments designated as a hedge of  the foreign currency translation exposure of the n et investment in a foreign operation, the net 
gain or loss on the effective portion of the deriva tive instrument is reported in the same manner as a  foreign currency translation adjustment. For 
forward exchange contracts designated as net invest ment hedges, the Company excludes changes in fair v alue relating to changes in the forward 
carry component from its definition of effectivenes s. Accordingly, any gains or losses related to this  component are recognized in current income. 
Derivatives that do not qualify as hedges are adjus ted to fair value through current income.  
Allowance for Doubtful Accounts  
The Company records its allowance for doubtful acco unts based upon its assessment of various factors. The Company considers historical 
experience, the age of the accounts receivable bala nces, credit quality of the Company’ s customers, current economic conditions and other 
factors that may affect customers’ ability to pay.  
Inventories  
Inventories are stated at the lower of cost, comput ed using the first-in, first- out method, or market. If the cost of the inventori es exceeds their 
market value, provisions are made currently for the  difference between the cost and the market value.  
Property, Plant and Equipment  
Property, plant and equipment are stated at cost. D epreciation is computed by use of the straight-line  method over the estimated useful lives of 
the assets, which for buildings is the lesser of 30  years or the remaining life of the underlying buil ding; between two to five years for machinery 
and equipment, including product tooling and manufa cturing process equipment; and the shorter of lease  terms or ten years for leasehold 
improvements. The Company capitalizes eligible cost s to acquire or develop internal- use software that are incurred subsequent to the pr eliminary 
project stage. Capitalized costs related to interna l-use software are amortized using the straight- line method over the estimated useful lives of the 
assets, which range from three to five years. Depre ciation and amortization expense on property and eq uipment was $6.9 billion, $5.8 billion and 
$2.6 billion during 2014, 2013 and 2012, respective ly.  
   
Apple Inc. | 2014 Form 10 -K | 54  Table of Contents  
Long-Lived Assets Including Goodwill and Other Acqu ired Intangible Assets  
The Company reviews property, plant and equipment, inventory component prepayments and certain identif iable intangibles, excluding goodwill, 
for impairment. Long- lived assets are reviewed for impairment whenever e vents or changes in circumstances indicate the carr ying amount of an 
asset may not be recoverable. Recoverability of the se assets is measured by comparison of their carryi ng amounts to future undiscounted cash 
flows the assets are expected to generate. If prope rty, plant and equipment, inventory component prepa yments and certain identifiable intangibles 
are considered to be impaired, the impairment to be  recognized equals the amount by which the carrying  value of the assets exceeds its fair 
value. The Company did not record any significant i mpairments during 2014, 2013 and 2012.  
The Company does not amortize goodwill and intangib le assets with indefinite useful lives, rather such  assets are required to be tested for 
impairment at least annually or sooner whenever eve nts or changes in circumstances indicate that the a ssets may be impaired. The Company 
performs its goodwill and intangible asset impairme nt tests in the fourth quarter of each year. The Co mpany did not recognize any impairment 
charges related to goodwill or indefinite lived int angible assets during 2014, 2013 and 2012. The Comp any established reporting units based on 
its current reporting structure. For purposes of te sting goodwill for impairment, goodwill has been al located to these reporting units to the extent it 
relates to each reporting unit. In 2014 and 2013, t he Company’ s goodwill was allocated to the Americas and Europe  reportable operating 
segments.  
The Company amortizes its intangible assets with de finite useful lives over their estimated useful liv es and reviews these assets for impairment. 
The Company typically amortizes its acquired intang ible assets with definite useful lives over periods  from three to seven years.  
Fair Value Measurements  
The Company applies fair value accounting for all f inancial assets and liabilities and non- financial assets and liabilities that are recognize d or 
disclosed at fair value in the financial statements  on a recurring basis. The Company defines fair val ue as the price that would be received from 
selling an asset or paid to transfer a liability in  an orderly transaction between market participants  at the measurement date. When determining the 
fair value measurements for assets and liabilities,  which are required to be recorded at fair value, t he Company considers the principal or most 
advantageous market in which the Company would tran sact and the market- based risk measurements or assumptions that market participants 
would use in pricing the asset or liability, such a s risks inherent in valuation techniques, transfer restrictions and credit risk. Fair value is estimat ed 
by applying the following hierarchy, which prioriti zes the inputs used to measure fair value into thre e levels and bases the categorization within the 
hierarchy upon the lowest level of input that is av ailable and significant to the fair value measureme nt:  
Level 1 – Quoted prices in active markets for identical ass ets or liabilities.  
Level 2 – Observable inputs other than quoted prices in activ e markets for identical assets and liabilities, quo ted prices for identical or similar 
assets or liabilities in inactive markets, or other  inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable market data for substantially the 
full term of the assets or liabilities.  
Level 3 – Inputs that are generally unobservable and typica lly reflect management’ s estimate of assumptions that market participants would use in 
pricing the asset or liability.  
The Company’ s valuation techniques used to measure the fair val ue of money market funds and certain marketable equ ity securities were derived 
from quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. The valuation techniques use d to measure the fair value of the Company’ s 
debt instruments and all other financial instrument s, all of which have counterparties with high credi t ratings, were valued based on quoted market 
prices or model driven valuations using significant  inputs derived from or corroborated by observable market data.  
In accordance with the fair value accounting requir ements, companies may choose to measure eligible fi nancial instruments and certain other 
items at fair value. The Company has not elected th e fair value option for any eligible financial inst ruments.  
   
Apple Inc. | 2014 Form 10 -K | 55  Table of Contents  
Foreign Currency Translation and Remeasurement  
The Company translates the assets and liabilities o f its non-U.S. dollar functional currency subsidiaries into U .S. dollars using exchange rates in 
effect at the end of each period. Revenue and expen ses for these subsidiaries are translated using rat es that approximate those in effect during 
the period. Gains and losses from these translation s are recognized in foreign currency translation in cluded in AOCI in shareholders’ equity. The 
Company’ s subsidiaries that use the U.S. dollar as their fu nctional currency remeasure monetary assets and lia bilities at exchange rates in effect 
at the end of each period, and inventories, propert y and nonmonetary assets and liabilities at histori cal rates. Gains and losses from these 
remeasurements were not significant during 2014, 20 13 and 2012 and have been included in the Company’s  results of operations.  
Note 2 – Financial Instruments  
Cash, Cash Equivalents and Marketable Securities  
The following tables show the Company’s cash and av ailable-for-sale securities’ adjusted cost, gross unrealized gains, gross unreal ized losses 
and fair value by significant investment category r ecorded as cash and cash equivalents or short- or l ong-term marketable securities as of 
September 27, 2014 and September 28, 2013 (in milli ons):  
   
   
Apple Inc. | 2014 Form 10 -K | 56       2014   
     Adjusted 
Cost      Unrealized 
 
Gains      Unrealized 
 
Losses     Fair  
Value      Cash and  
Cash  
Equivalents      Short -Term 
 
Marketable 
 
Securities      Long -Term 
 
Marketable 
 
Securities   
Cash     $ 10,232       $ 0       $           0      $ 10,232       $   10,232       $ 0       $ 0    
                    
Level 1:                      
Money market funds       1,546         0         0        1,546         1,546         0         0    
Mutual funds       2,531         1         (132 )      2,400         0         2,400         0    
                                                                            
Subtotal       4,077         1         (132 )      3,946         1,546         2,400         0    
                                                                            
                    
Level 2:                      
U.S. Treasury securities       23,140         15         (9 )      23,146         12         607         22,527    
U.S. agency securities       7,373         3         (11 )      7,365         652         157         6,556    
Non-U.S. government securities       6,925         69         (69 )      6,925         0         204         6,721    
Certificates of deposit and time 
deposits       3,832         0         0        3,832         1,230         1,233         1,369    
Commercial paper       475         0         0        475         166         309         0    
Corporate securities       85,431         296         (241 )      85,486         6         6,298         79,182    
Municipal securities       940         8         0        948         0         0         948    
Mortgage- and asset-backed 
securities       12,907         26         (49 )      12,884         0         25         12,859    
                                                                            
Subtotal       141,023         417         (379 )      141,061         2,066         8,833         130,162    
                                                                            
Total     $ 155,332       $       418       $ (511 )    $ 155,239       $ 13,844       $ 11,233       $ 130,162    
           
           
           
          
           
           
           Table of Contents  
The Company may sell certain of its marketable secu rities prior to their stated maturities for strateg ic reasons including, but not limited to, 
anticipation of credit deterioration and duration m anagement. The net realized gains or losses recogni zed by the Company, related to such sales, 
were not significant during 2014, 2013 and 2012. Th e maturities of the Company ’s long-term marketable securities generally range from one  to 
five years.  
As of September 27, 2014 and September 28, 2013, gr oss unrealized losses related to individual securit ies that had been in a continuous loss 
position for 12 months or longer were not significa nt.  
As of September 27, 2014, the Company considers the  declines in market value of its marketable securit ies investment portfolio to be temporary 
in nature and does not consider any of its investme nts other-than-temporarily impaired. The Company ty pically invests in highly- rated securities, 
and its investment policy limits the amount of cred it exposure to any one issuer. The policy generally  requires investments to be investment grade, 
with the primary objective of minimizing the potent ial risk of principal loss. Fair values were determ ined for each individual security in the 
investment portfolio. When evaluating an investment  for other-than- temporary impairment, the Company reviews factors s uch as the length of time 
and extent to which fair value has been below its c ost basis, the financial condition of the issuer an d any changes thereto, changes in market 
interest rates, and the Company’ s intent to sell, or whether it is more likely than  not it will be required to sell, the investment be fore recovery of the 
investment’s cost basis. During 2014, 2013 and 2012  the Company did not recognize any significant impa irment charges.  
   
Apple Inc. | 2014 Form 10 -K | 57       2013   
     Adjusted 
Cost      Unrealized 
 
Gains      Unrealized 
 
Losses     Fair  
Value      Cash and  
Cash  
Equivalents      Short -Term 
 
Marketable 
 
Securities      Long -Term 
 
Marketable 
 
Securities   
Cash     $ 8,705       $ 0       $           0      $ 8,705       $     8,705       $ 0       $ 0    
                    
Level 1:                      
Money market funds       1,793         0         0        1,793         1,793         0         0    
Mutual funds       3,999         0         (197 )      3,802         0         3,802         0    
                                                                            
Subtotal       5,792         0         (197 )      5,595         1,793         3,802         0    
                                                                            
                    
Level 2:                      
U.S. Treasury securities       27,642         24         (47 )      27,619         431         7,554         19,634    
U.S. agency securities       16,878         12         (52 )      16,838         177         3,412         13,249    
Non-U.S. government securities       5,545         35         (137 )      5,443         50         313         5,080    
Certificates of deposit and time deposits       2,344         0         0        2,344         1,264         844         236    
Commercial paper       2,998         0         0        2,998         1,835         1,163         0    
Corporate securities       54,586         275         (252 )      54,609         0         8,077         46,532    
Municipal securities       6,257         45         (22 )      6,280         4         1,114         5,162    
Mortgage- and asset-backed securities       16,396         23         (89 )      16,330         0         8         16,322    
                                                                            
Subtotal       132,646         414         (599 )      132,461         3,761         22,485         106,215    
                                                                            
Total     $ 147,143       $       414       $ (796 )    $ 146,761       $ 14,259       $   26,287       $ 106,215    
           
           
           
          
           
           
           Table of Contents  
Derivative Financial Instruments  
The Company uses derivatives to partially offset it s business exposure to foreign currency and interes t rate risk. The Company may enter into 
forward contracts, option contracts, swaps, or othe r derivative instruments to offset some of the risk  on expected future cash flows, on net 
investments in certain foreign subsidiaries and on certain existing assets and liabilities. However, t he Company may choose not to hedge certain 
exposures for a variety of reasons including, but n ot limited to, accounting considerations and the pr ohibitive economic cost of hedging particular 
exposures. There can be no assurance the hedges wil l offset more than a portion of the financial impac t resulting from movements in foreign 
currency exchange or interest rates.  
To help protect gross margins from fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, certain of the Com pany’s subsidiaries whose functional 
currency is the U.S. dollar hedge a portion of fore casted foreign currency revenue. The Company’ s subsidiaries whose functional currency is not 
the U.S. dollar and who sell in local currencies ma y hedge a portion of forecasted inventory purchases  not denominated in the subsidiaries’
functional currencies. The Company typically hedges  portions of its forecasted foreign currency exposu re associated with revenue and inventory 
purchases, typically for up to 12 months.  
To help protect the net investment in a foreign ope ration from adverse changes in foreign currency exc hange rates, the Company may enter into 
foreign currency forward and option contracts to of fset the changes in the carrying amounts of these i nvestments due to fluctuations in foreign 
currency exchange rates.  
The Company may also enter into foreign currency fo rward contracts and option contracts to partially o ffset the foreign currency exchange gains 
and losses generated by the re-measurement of certa in assets and liabilities denominated in non-functi onal currencies.  
The Company may enter into interest rate swaps, opt ions, or other instruments to manage interest rate risk. These instruments may offset a 
portion of changes in income or expense, or changes  in fair value of the Company’s long-term debt or i nvestments.  
The Company records all derivatives in the Consolid ated Balance Sheets at fair value. The Company’ s accounting treatment for these instruments 
is based on the hedge designation. The effective po rtions of cash flow hedges are recorded in AOCI unt il the hedged item is recognized in 
earnings. Gains and losses related to changes in fa ir value hedges are recognized in earnings along wi th a corresponding loss or gain related to 
the change in value of the underlying hedged item. The effective portions of net investment hedges are  recorded in other comprehensive income 
(“OCI”) as a part of the cumulative translation adjustment.  The ineffective portions of cash flow hedges and n et investment hedges are recorded in 
other income and expense. Derivatives that are not designated as hedging instruments are adjusted to f air value through earnings in the financial 
statement line item to which the derivative relates .  
Deferred gains and losses associated with cash flow  hedges of foreign currency revenue are recognized as a component of net sales in the same 
period as the related revenue is recognized, and de ferred gains and losses related to cash flow hedges  of inventory purchases are recognized as 
a component of cost of sales in the same period as the related costs are recognized. Deferred gains an d losses associated with cash flow hedges 
of interest income or expense are recognized as a c omponent of other income/(expense), net in the same  period as the related income or 
expense is recognized. The Company’ s foreign currency and interest rate transactions h edged with cash flow hedges as of September 27, 201 4 
are expected to occur within 12 months and four yea rs, respectively.  
Derivative instruments designated as cash flow hedg es must be de- designated as hedges when it is probable the foreca sted hedged transaction 
will not occur in the initially identified time per iod or within a subsequent two -month time period. Deferred gains and losses in AOC I associated 
with such derivative instruments are reclassified i mmediately into other income and expense. Any subse quent changes in fair value of such 
derivative instruments are reflected in other incom e and expense unless they are re- designated as hedges of other transactions. The Com pany 
did not recognize any significant net gains or loss es related to the loss of hedge designation on disc ontinued cash flow hedges during 2014, 2013 
and 2012.  
The gain/loss recognized in other income and expens e for foreign currency forward and option contracts  not designated as hedging instruments 
was not significant during 2014, 2013 and 2012. The se amounts represent the net gain or loss on the de rivative contracts and do not include 
changes in the related exposures, which generally o ffset a portion of the gain or loss on the derivati ve contracts.  
   
Apple Inc. | 2014 Form 10 -K | 58  Table of Contents  
The following table shows the notional amounts of t he Company’ s outstanding derivative instruments and credit ris k amounts associated with 
outstanding or unsettled derivative instruments as of September 27, 2014 and September 28, 2013 (in mi llions):  
   
The notional amounts for outstanding derivative ins truments provide one measure of the transaction vol ume outstanding and do not represent the 
amount of the Company’s exposure to credit or marke t loss. The credit risk amounts represent the Compa ny’s gross exposure to potential 
accounting loss on derivative instruments that are outstanding or unsettled if all counterparties fail ed to perform according to the terms of the 
contract, based on then-current currency or interes t rates at each respective date. The Company’ s gross exposure on these transactions may be 
further mitigated by collateral received from certa in counterparties. The Company’ s exposure to credit loss and market risk will vary  over time as 
currency and interest rates change. Although the ta ble above reflects the notional and credit risk amo unts of the Company’ s derivative 
instruments, it does not reflect the gains or losse s associated with the exposures and transactions th at the instruments are intended to hedge. The 
amounts ultimately realized upon settlement of thes e financial instruments, together with the gains an d losses on the underlying exposures, will 
depend on actual market conditions during the remai ning life of the instruments.  
The Company generally enters into master netting ar rangements, which are designed to reduce credit ris k by permitting net settlement of 
transactions with the same counterparty. To further  limit credit risk, the Company generally enters in to collateral security arrangements that 
provide for collateral to be received or posted whe n the net fair value of certain financial instrumen ts fluctuates from contractually established 
thresholds. The Company presents its derivative ass ets and derivative liabilities at their gross fair values in its Consolidated Balance Sheets. As of 
September 27, 2014, the Company received $2.1 billi on of cash collateral related to the derivative ins truments under its collateral security 
arrangements, which were recorded as accrued expens es in the Consolidated Balance Sheet. As of Septemb er 28, 2013, the Company posted 
cash collateral related to the derivative instrumen ts under its collateral security arrangements of $1 64 million, which were recorded as other 
current assets in the Consolidated Balance Sheet. T he Company did not have any derivative instruments with credit- risk related contingent 
features that would require it to post additional c ollateral as of September 27, 2014 or September 28,  2013.  
Under master netting arrangements with the respecti ve counterparties to the Company’ s derivative contracts, the Company is allowed to n et settle 
transactions with a single net amount payable by on e party to the other. As of September 27, 2014 and September 28, 2013, the potential effects 
of these rights of set-off associated with the Comp any’s derivative contracts, including the effects of co llateral, would be a reduction to both 
derivative assets and derivative liabilities of $1. 6 billion and $333 million, respectively, resulting  in net derivative liabilities of $549 million and $57 
million, respectively.  
   
Apple Inc. | 2014 Form 10 -K | 59       2014      2013   
     Notional 
 
Amount      Credit Risk 
 
Amounts      Notional 
 
Amount      Credit Risk 
 
Amounts   
Instruments designated as accounting hedges:              
Foreign exchange contracts     $ 42,945       $ 1,333       $ 35,013       $ 159    
Interest rate contracts     $ 12,000       $ 89       $ 3,000       $ 44    
Instruments not designated as accounting hedges:              
Foreign exchange contracts     $ 38,510       $ 222       $ 16,131       $ 25    Table of Contents  
The following tables show the Company’ s derivative instruments at gross fair value as ref lected in the Consolidated Balance Sheets as of 
September 27, 2014 and September 28, 2013 (in milli ons):  
   
   
   
   
The following tables show the pre-tax effect of the  Company’ s derivative instruments designated as cash flow, n et investment and fair value 
hedges on OCI and the Consolidated Statements of Op erations for 2014, 2013 and 2012 (in millions):  
   
The Company recognized a charge of $120 million, $3 01 million and $658 million in other income and exp ense during 2014, 2013 and 2012, 
respectively, for the ineffective portions of and a mounts excluded from the effectiveness testing of c ash flow hedges. The ineffective portions of 
and amounts excluded from the effectiveness testing  of net investment and fair value hedges recognized  in other income and expense were not 
significant during 2014, 2013 and 2012.  
   
Apple Inc. | 2014 Form 10 -K | 60       2014   
     Fair Value of Derivatives 
 
Designated as  
Hedge Instruments      Fair Value of Derivatives Not 
 
Designated  
as Hedge Instruments      Total  
Fair Value   
Derivative assets  (1) :           
Foreign exchange contracts     $ 1,332       $ 222       $ 1,554    
Interest rate contracts     $ 81       $ 0       $ 81    
Derivative liabilities  (2) :     
Foreign exchange contracts     $ 41       $ 40       $ 81    
     2013   
     Fair Value of Derivatives 
 
Designated as  
Hedge Instruments      Fair Value of Derivatives Not 
 
Designated  
as Hedge Instruments      Total  
Fair Value   
Derivative assets  (1) :           
Foreign exchange contracts     $ 145       $ 25       $ 170    
Interest rate contracts     $ 44       $ 0       $ 44    
Derivative liabilities  (2) :     
Foreign exchange contracts     $ 389       $ 46       $ 435    
  (1)   The fair value of derivative assets is measured usi ng Level 2 fair value inputs and is recorded as oth er current assets in the Consolidated 
Balance Sheets.    
  (2)   The fair value of derivative liabilities is measure d using Level 2 fair value inputs and is recorded a s accrued expenses in the Consolidated 
Balance Sheets.    
     Gains/(Losses) Recognized in  
OCI -Effective Portion     Gains/(Losses) Reclassified from AOCI  
into Net Income -Effective Portion   
         2014             2013              2012             2014             2013             2012       
Cash flow hedges:                
Foreign exchange contracts     $ 1,750      $    891       $ (175 )    $ (154 )    $ 676      $ 607    
Interest rate contracts       (15 )      12                0        (16 )      (6 )      0    
                                                              
Total     $ 1,735      $ 903       $ (175 )    $ (170 )    $ 670      $    607    
           
          
           
          
          
          
Net investment hedges:                
Foreign exchange contracts     $ 53      $ 143       $ (5 )    $        0      $    0      $ 0    
           
          
           
          
          
          
     Gains/(Losses) On Derivative  
Instruments     Gains/(Losses) Related to  
Hedged Items   
     2014     2013      2012     2014     2013     2012   
Fair value hedges:                
Interest rate contracts     $ 39      $ 0       $ 0      $ (39 )    $ 0      $ 0    
           
          
           
          
          
          Table of Contents  
Accounts Receivable  
Trade Receivables  
The Company has considerable trade receivables outs tanding with its third-party cellular network carri ers, wholesalers, retailers, value- added 
resellers, small and mid- sized businesses, and education, enterprise and gov ernment customers. The Company generally does not r equire 
collateral from its customers; however, the Company  will require collateral in certain instances to li mit credit risk. In addition, when possible, the 
Company attempts to limit credit risk on trade rece ivables with credit insurance for certain customers  or by requiring third- party financing, loans or 
leases to support credit exposure. These credit-fin ancing arrangements are directly between the third- party financing company and the end 
customer. As such, the Company generally does not a ssume any recourse or credit risk sharing related t o any of these arrangements.  
As of September 27, 2014, the Company had two custo mers that represented 10% or more of total trade re ceivables, one of which accounted for 
16% and the other 13%. As of September 28, 2013, th e Company had two customers that represented 10% or  more of total trade receivables, 
one of which accounted for 13% and the other 10%. T he Company’ s cellular network carriers accounted for 72% and 6 8% of trade receivables as 
of September 27, 2014 and September 28, 2013, respe ctively. The additions and write-offs to the Compan y’s allowance for doubtful accounts 
during 2014, 2013 and 2012 were not significant.  
Vendor Non-Trade Receivables  
The Company has non- trade receivables from certain of its manufacturing  vendors resulting from the sale of components to t hese manufacturing 
vendors who manufacture sub- assemblies or assemble final products for the Compa ny. The Company purchases these components directly  from 
suppliers. Three of the Company’s vendors accounted  for 51%, 16% and 14% of total vendor non- trade receivables as of September 27, 2014 
and three of the Company’s vendors accounted for 47 %, 21% and 15% of total vendor non- trade receivables as of September 28, 2013. The 
Company does not reflect the sale of these componen ts in net sales and does not recognize any profits on these sales until the related products 
are sold by the Company, at which time any profit i s recognized as a reduction of cost of sales.  
Note 3 – Consolidated Financial Statement Details  
The following tables show the Company’s consolidate d balance sheet details as of September 27, 2014 an d September 28, 2013 (in millions):  
Inventories  
   
Property, Plant and Equipment  
   
   
Apple Inc. | 2014 Form 10 -K | 61       2014      2013   
Components     $ 471       $ 683    
Finished goods          1,640            1,081    
                      
Total inventories     $ 2,111       $ 1,764    
           
           
     2014     2013   
Land and buildings     $ 4,863      $ 3,309    
Machinery, equipment and internal-use software       29,639        21,242    
Leasehold improvements       4,513        3,968    
                     
Gross property, plant and equipment       39,015        28,519    
Accumulated depreciation and amortization       (18,391 )      (11,922 )  
                     
Net property, plant and equipment     $ 20,624      $ 16,597    
           
          Table of Contents  
Accrued Expenses  
   
Non-Current Liabilities  
   
Other Income and Expense  
The following table shows the detail of other incom e and expense for 2014, 2013 and 2012 (in millions) :  
   
Note 4 – Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets  
On July 31, 2014, the Company completed the acquisi tions of Beats Music, LLC, which offers a subscript ion streaming music service, and Beats 
Electronics, LLC, which makes Beats ® headphones, speakers and audio software (collective ly, “Beats”). The total purchase price consideration 
for these acquisitions was $2.6 billion, which cons isted primarily of cash, of which $2.2 billion was allocated to goodwill, $636 million to acquired 
intangible assets and $258 million to net liabiliti es assumed. Concurrent with the close of the acquis ition, the Company repaid $295 million of 
existing Beats outstanding debt to third- party creditors. In conjunction with the Beats acqu isitions, the Company issued approximately 5.1 mill ion 
shares of its common stock to certain former equity  holders of Beats. The restricted stock was valued at approximately $485 million based on the 
Company’ s common stock on the acquisition date. The majorit y of these shares, valued at approximately $417 mil lion, will vest over time based 
on continued employment with Apple.  
The Company also completed various other business a cquisitions during 2014 for an aggregate cash consi deration, net of cash acquired, of $957 
million, of which $828 million was allocated to goo dwill, $257 million to acquired intangible assets a nd $128 million to net liabilities assumed.  
The Company completed various business acquisitions  during 2013 for an aggregate cash consideration, n et of cash acquired, of $496 million, of 
which $419 million was allocated to goodwill, $179 million to acquired intangible assets and $102 mill ion to net liabilities assumed.  
The Company’ s gross carrying amount of goodwill was $4.6 billio n and $1.6 billion as of September 27, 2014 and Sep tember 28, 2013, 
respectively. The Company did not have any goodwill  impairments during 2014, 2013 or 2012.  
   
Apple Inc. | 2014 Form 10 -K | 62       2014      2013   
Accrued warranty and related costs     $ 4,159       $ 2,967    
Accrued marketing and selling expenses          2,321            1,291    
Accrued taxes       1,209         1,200    
Accrued compensation and employee benefits       1,209         959    
Deferred margin on component sales       1,057         1,262    
Other current liabilities       8,498         6,177    
                      
Total accrued expenses     $ 18,453       $ 13,856    
           
           
     2014      2013   
Deferred tax liabilities     $ 20,259       $ 16,489    
Other non-current liabilities       4,567         3,719    
                      
Total other non-current liabilities     $ 24,826       $ 20,208    
           
           
     2014     2013     2012   
Interest and dividend income     $   1,795      $   1,616      $   1,088    
Interest expense       (384 )      (136 )      0    
Other expense, net       (431 )      (324 )      (566 )  
                               
Total other income/(expense), net     $ 980      $ 1,156      $ 522    
           
          
          Table of Contents  
The following table summarizes the components of gr oss and net intangible asset balances as of Septemb er 27, 2014 and September 28, 2013 
(in millions):  
   
Amortization expense related to acquired intangible  assets was $1.1 billion, $960 million and $605 mil lion in 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively. 
As of September 27, 2014, the remaining weighted- average amortization period for acquired intangible  assets is 3.8 years. The expected annual 
amortization expense related to acquired intangible  assets as of September 27, 2014, is as follows (in  millions):  
   
Note 5 – Income Taxes  
The provision for income taxes for 2014, 2013 and 2 012, consisted of the following (in millions):  
   
   
Apple Inc. | 2014 Form 10 -K | 63       2014      2013   
     Gross  
Carrying 
 
Amount      Accumulated 
 
Amortization     Net  
Carrying 
 
Amount      Gross  
Carrying 
 
Amount      Accumulated 
 
Amortization     Net  
Carrying 
 
Amount   
Definite-lived and amortizable acquired intangible assets     $ 7,127       $ (3,085 )    $ 4,042       $ 6,081       $ (2,002 )    $ 4,079    
Indefinite-lived and non-amortizable acquired intan gible 
assets       100         0        100         100         0        100    
                                                                
Total acquired intangible assets     $ 7,227       $ (3,085 )    $ 4,142       $ 6,181       $ (2,002 )    $ 4,179    
           
           
          
           
           
          
2015     $ 1,204    
2016         1,083    
2017       825    
2018       592    
2019       175    
Thereafter       163    
           
Total     $ 4,042    
           
     2014     2013     2012   
Federal:         
Current     $ 8,624      $ 9,334      $ 7,240    
Deferred       3,183        1,878        5,018    
                               
     11,807        11,212        12,258    
                               
State:         
Current       855        1,084        1,182    
Deferred       (178 )      (311 )      (123 )  
                               
     677        773        1,059    
                               
Foreign:         
Current       2,147        1,559        1,203    
Deferred       (658 )      (426 )      (490 )  
                               
     1,489        1,133        713    
                               
Provision for income taxes     $ 13,973      $ 13,118      $ 14,030    
           
          
          Table of Contents  
The foreign provision for income taxes is based on foreign pre- tax earnings of $33.6 billion, $30.5 billion and $3 6.8 billion in 2014, 2013 and 2012, 
respectively. The Company’ s consolidated financial statements provide for any  related tax liability on undistributed earnings th at the Company 
does not intend to be indefinitely reinvested outsi de the U.S. Substantially all of the Company’ s undistributed international earnings intended to be 
indefinitely reinvested in operations outside the U .S. were generated by subsidiaries organized in Ire land, which has a statutory tax rate of 12.5%. 
As of September 27, 2014, U.S. income taxes have no t been provided on a cumulative total of $69.7 bill ion of such earnings. The amount of 
unrecognized deferred tax liability related to thes e temporary differences is estimated to be approxim ately $23.3 billion.  
As of September 27, 2014 and September 28, 2013, $1 37.1 billion and $111.3 billion, respectively, of t he Company’ s cash, cash equivalents and 
marketable securities were held by foreign subsidia ries and are generally based in U.S. dollar-denomin ated holdings. Amounts held by foreign 
subsidiaries are generally subject to U.S. income t axation on repatriation to the U.S.  
A reconciliation of the provision for income taxes,  with the amount computed by applying the statutory  federal income tax rate (35% in 2014, 2013 
and 2012) to income before provision for income tax es for 2014, 2013 and 2012, is as follows (dollars in millions):  
   
The Company’ s income taxes payable have been reduced by the tax  benefits from employee stock plan awards. For stoc k options, the Company 
receives an income tax benefit calculated as the ta x effect of the difference between the fair market value of the stock issued at the time of the 
exercise and the exercise price. For RSUs, the Comp any receives an income tax benefit upon the award’ s vesting equal to the tax effect of the 
underlying stock’ s fair market value. The Company had net excess tax  benefits from equity awards of $706 million, $643 million and $1.4 billion in 
2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively, which were refle cted as increases to common stock.  
   
Apple Inc. | 2014 Form 10 -K | 64       2014     2013     2012   
Computed expected tax     $ 18,719      $ 17,554      $ 19,517    
State taxes, net of federal effect       469        508        677    
Indefinitely invested earnings of foreign subsidiar ies       (4,744 )      (4,614 )      (5,895 )  
Research and development credit, net       (88 )      (287 )      (103 )  
Domestic production activities deduction       (495 )      (308 )      (328 )  
Other       112        265        162    
                               
Provision for income taxes     $ 13,973      $ 13,118      $ 14,030    
           
          
          
Effective tax rate       26.1%        26.2%        25.2%    Table of Contents  
As of September 27, 2014 and September 28, 2013, th e significant components of the Company’ s deferred tax assets and liabilities were (in 
millions):  
   
Deferred tax assets and liabilities reflect the eff ects of tax losses, credits and the future income t ax effects of temporary differences between the 
consolidated financial statement carrying amounts o f existing assets and liabilities and their respect ive tax bases and are measured using enacted 
tax rates that apply to taxable income in the years  in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled.  
Uncertain Tax Positions  
Tax positions are evaluated in a two- step process. The Company first determines whether it is more likely than not that a tax position will  be 
sustained upon examination. If a tax position meets  the more-likely-than- not recognition threshold it is then measured to de termine the amount of 
benefit to recognize in the financial statements. T he tax position is measured as the largest amount o f benefit that is greater than 50% likely of 
being realized upon ultimate settlement. The Compan y classifies gross interest and penalties and unrec ognized tax benefits that are not expected 
to result in payment or receipt of cash within one year as non-current liabilities in the Consolidated  Balance Sheets.  
As of September 27, 2014, the total amount of gross  unrecognized tax benefits was $4.0 billion, of whi ch $1.4 billion, if recognized, would affect 
the Company’ s effective tax rate. As of September 28, 2013, the  total amount of gross unrecognized tax benefits wa s $2.7 billion, of which $1.4 
billion, if recognized, would affect the Company’s effective tax rate.  
The aggregate changes in the balance of gross unrec ognized tax benefits, which excludes interest and p enalties, for 2014, 2013 and 2012, is as 
follows (in millions):  
   
   
Apple Inc. | 2014 Form 10 -K | 65       2014     2013   
Deferred tax assets:       
Accrued liabilities and other reserves     $ 2,761      $ 1,892    
Deferred revenue       1,787        1,475    
Basis of capital assets and investments       898        1,020    
Share-based compensation       454        458    
Other       644        1,029    
                     
Total deferred tax assets       6,544        5,874    
Less valuation allowance       0        0    
                     
Deferred tax assets, net of valuation allowance       6,544        5,874    
                     
Deferred tax liabilities:       
Unremitted earnings of foreign subsidiaries       21,544        18,044    
Other       120        112    
                     
Total deferred tax liabilities       21,664        18,156    
                     
Net deferred tax liabilities     $ (15,120 )    $ (12,282 )  
           
          
     2014     2013     2012   
Beginning Balance     $ 2,714      $ 2,062      $ 1,375    
Increases related to tax positions taken during a p rior year       1,295        745        340    
Decreases related to tax positions taken during a p rior year       (280 )      (118 )      (107 )  
Increases related to tax positions taken during the  current year       882        626        467    
Decreases related to settlements with taxing author ities       (574 )      (592 )      (3 )  
Decreases related to expiration of statute of limit ations       (4 )      (9 )      (10 )  
                               
Ending Balance     $ 4,033      $ 2,714      $ 2,062    
           
          
          Table of Contents  
The Company includes interest and penalties related  to unrecognized tax benefits within the provision for income taxes. As of September 27, 
2014 and September 28, 2013, the total amount of gr oss interest and penalties accrued was $630 million  and $590 million, respectively, which is 
classified as non- current liabilities in the Consolidated Balance She ets. In connection with tax matters, the Company re cognized interest and 
penalty expense in 2014, 2013 and 2012 of $40 milli on, $189 million and $140 million, respectively.  
The Company is subject to taxation and files income  tax returns in the U.S. federal jurisdiction and i n many state and foreign jurisdictions. During 
the fiscal year ended September 27, 2014, the U.S. Internal Revenue Service (“IRS”) concluded its review of the years 2004 through 2009 , which 
resulted in the Company reducing its gross unrecogn ized tax benefits by $570 million and recognizing a  tax benefit of $166 million. The IRS is 
currently examining the years 2010 through 2012. In  addition, the Company is also subject to audits by  state, local and foreign tax authorities. In 
major states and major foreign jurisdictions, the y ears subsequent to 1996 and 2002, respectively, gen erally remain open and could be subject to 
examination by the taxing authorities.  
Management believes that an adequate provision has been made for any adjustments that may result from tax examinations. However, the 
outcome of tax audits cannot be predicted with cert ainty. If any issues addressed in the Company’ s tax audits are resolved in a manner not 
consistent with management’ s expectations, the Company could be required to ad just its provision for income taxes in the period s uch resolution 
occurs. Although timing of the resolution and/or cl osure of audits is not certain, the Company does no t believe it is reasonably possible that its 
unrecognized tax benefits would materially change i n the next 12 months.  
Note 6 – Debt  
Commercial Paper  
In April 2014, the Board of Directors authorized th e Company to issue unsecured short-term promissory notes (“Commercial Paper”) pursuant to a 
commercial paper program. The Company intends to us e net proceeds from the commercial paper program fo r general corporate purposes, 
including dividends and share repurchases. As of Se ptember 27, 2014, the Company had $6.3 billion of C ommercial Paper outstanding, with a 
weighted -average interest rate of 0.12% and maturities gene rally less than nine months.  
The following table provides a summary of cash flow s associated with the issuance and maturities of Co mmercial Paper for 2014 (in millions):  
   
   
Apple Inc. | 2014 Form 10 -K | 66  Maturities less than 90 days:     
Proceeds from (repayments of) commercial paper, net      $ 1,865    
Maturities greater than 90 days:     
Proceeds from commercial paper       4,771    
Repayments of commercial paper       (330 )  
           
Maturities greater than 90 days, net       4,441    
           
Total proceeds from issuance of commercial paper, n et     $ 6,306    
           Table of Contents  
Long-Term Debt  
In the third quarter of 2014 and 2013, the Company issued $12.0 billion and $17.0 billion of long- term debt, respectively. The debt issuances 
included floating- and fixed-rate notes with varyin g maturities for an aggregate principal amount of $ 29.0 billion (collectively the “Notes”). The 
Notes are senior unsecured obligations, and interes t is payable in arrears, quarterly for the floating -rate notes and semi-annually for the fixed- rate 
notes.  
The following table provides a summary of the Compa ny’s long-term debt as of September 27, 2014 and Se ptember 28, 2013:  
   
The Company has entered, and may enter in the futur e, into interest rate swaps to manage interest rate  risk on the Notes. Such swaps allow the 
Company to effectively convert fixed-rate payments into floating-rate payments or floating-rate paymen ts into fixed- rate payments. In the third 
quarter of 2014, the Company entered into interest rate swaps with an aggregate notional amount of $9. 0 billion, which effectively converted the 
fixed-rate notes due 2017, 2019, 2021 and 2024 into  floating-rate notes. In the third quarter of 2013, the Compa ny entered into interest rate 
swaps with an aggregate notional amount of $3.0 bil lion, which effectively converted the floating-rate  notes due 2016 and 2018 into fixed- rate 
notes.  
The effective rates for the Notes include the inter est on the Notes, amortization of the discount and,  if applicable, adjustments related to hedging. 
The Company recognized $381 million and $136 millio n of interest expense on its long- term debt for the years ended September 27, 2014 an d 
September 28, 2013, respectively. The Company did n ot have any long-term debt in 2012.  
   
Apple Inc. | 2014 Form 10 -K | 67       2014      2013   
     Amount  
(in millions)     Effective 
 
Interest 
Rate      Amount  
(in millions)     Effective 
 
Interest 
Rate   
Floating-rate notes due 2016     $ 1,000        0.51%       $ 1,000        0.51%    
Floating-rate notes due 2017       1,000        0.31%         0        0        
Floating-rate notes due 2018       2,000        1.10%         2,000        1.10%    
Floating -rate notes due 2019       1,000        0.54%         0        0        
Fixed-rate 0.45% notes due 2016       1,500        0.51%         1,500        0.51%    
Fixed-rate 1.05% notes due 2017       1,500        0.30%         0        0        
Fixed-rate 1.00% notes due 2018       4,000        1.08%         4,000        1.08%    
Fixed-rate 2.10% notes due 2019       2,000        0.53%         0        0        
Fixed-rate 2.85% notes due 2021       3,000        0.79%         0        0        
Fixed-rate 2.40% notes due 2023       5,500        2.44%         5,500        2.44%    
Fixed-rate 3.45% notes due 2024       2,500        0.90%         0        0        
Fixed-rate 3.85% notes due 2043       3,000        3.91%         3,000        3.91%    
Fixed-rate 4.45% notes due 2044       1,000        4.48%         0        0        
                          
Total borrowings       29,000           17,000      
                          
Unamortized discount       (52 )         (40 )    
Hedge accounting fair value adjustments       39           0      
                          
Total long-term debt     $ 28,987         $ 16,960      
           
             
  Table of Contents  
Future principal payments for the Company’s Notes a s of September 27, 2014, are as follows (in million s):  
   
As of September 27, 2014 and September 28, 2013, th e fair value of the Company’ s Notes, based on Level 2 inputs, was $28.5 billion  and $15.9 
billion, respectively.  
Note 7 – Shareholders’ Equity  
Preferred and Common Stock  
During the second quarter of 2014, the Company’s sh areholders approved amendments (the “Amendments”) t o the Company’ s Restated Articles 
of Incorporation. The Amendments included the elimi nation of the Board of Directors’ authority to issue preferred stock and established a par 
value for the Company’s common stock of $0.00001 pe r share.  
Dividends  
The Company declared and paid cash dividends per co mmon share during the periods presented as follows:   
   
The Company paid cash dividends of $0.38 per share,  totaling $2.5 billion, during the fourth quarter o f 2012. Future dividends are subject to 
declaration by the Board of Directors.  
   
Apple Inc. | 2014 Form 10 -K | 68  2015     $ 0    
2016       2,500    
2017       2,500    
2018       6,000    
2019       3,000    
Thereafter       15,000    
           
Total     $ 29,000    
           
     Dividends 
 
Per Share      Amount  
(in millions)   
2014:       
Fourth quarter     $ 0.47       $ 2,807    
Third quarter       0.47         2,830    
Second quarter       0.44         2,655    
First quarter       0.44         2,739    
                      
Total     $ 1.82       $ 11,031    
           
           
2013:       
Fourth quarter     $ 0.44       $ 2,763    
Third quarter       0.44         2,789    
Second quarter       0.38         2,490    
First quarter       0.38         2,486    
                      
Total     $ 1.64       $ 10,528    
           
           Table of Contents  
Share Repurchase Program  
In 2012, the Company’s Board of Directors authorize d a program to repurchase up to $10 billion of the Company’ s common stock beginning in 
2013. The Company’ s Board of Directors increased the share repurchase  authorization to $60 billion in April 2013 and to $90 billion in April 2014. 
As of September 27, 2014, $67.9 billion of the $90 billion had been utilized. The Company’ s share repurchase program does not obligate it to 
acquire any specific number of shares. Under the pr ogram, shares may be repurchased in privately negot iated and/or open market transactions, 
including under plans complying with Rule 10b5-1 un der the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended  (the “Exchange Act”).  
The Company has entered into four accelerated share  repurchase arrangements (“ASRs”) with financial institutions beginning in August 201 2. In 
exchange for up-front payments, the financial insti tutions deliver shares of the Company’ s common stock during the purchase periods of each 
ASR. The total number of shares ultimately delivere d, and therefore the average repurchase price paid per share, will be determined at the end of 
the applicable purchase period of each ASR based on  the volume weighted-average price of the Company’ s common stock during that period. 
The shares received are retired in the periods they  are delivered, and the up-front payments are accou nted for as a reduction to shareholders’
equity in the Company’ s Consolidated Balance Sheet in the periods the pay ments are made. The Company reflects the ASRs as a repurchase of 
common stock in the period delivered for purposes o f calculating earnings per share and as forward con tracts indexed to its own common stock. 
The ASRs met all of the applicable criteria for equ ity classification, and therefore, were not account ed for as derivative instruments.  
The following table presents the Company’s ASRs:  
   
   
   
   
Apple Inc. | 2014 Form 10 -K | 69       Purchase  
Period End  
Date     Number of  
Shares  
(in thousands)     Average  
Repurchase 
 
Price Per  
Share     ASR  
Amount  
(in millions)   
August 2014 ASR            (1)       59,924  (1)            (1)     $ 9,000    
January 2014 ASR            (1)       134,247  (1)            (1)     $ 12,000    
April 2013 ASR       March 2014        172,548  (2)     $ 69.55      $ 12,000    
August 2012 ASR       April 2013        28,544      $ 68.31      $ 1,950    
  (1) “Number of Shares” represents those shares delivered in advance of set tlement and does not represent the final number of shares to be 
delivered under the ASRs. The total number of share s ultimately delivered, and therefore the average r epurchase price paid per share, will be 
determined at the end of the applicable purchase pe riod based on the volume weighted-average price of the Company’ s common stock 
during that period. The August 2014 ASR and January  2014 ASR purchase periods will end in or before Fe bruary 2015 and December 2014, 
respectively.    
  (2) Includes 8.0 million shares that were delivered and  retired at the end of the purchase period, which c oncluded in the second quarter of 2014.    Table of Contents  
Additionally, the Company repurchased shares of its  common stock in the open market, which were retire d upon repurchase, during the periods 
presented as follows:  
   
Note 8 – Comprehensive Income  
Comprehensive income consists of two components, ne t income and OCI. OCI refers to revenue, expenses, and gains and losses that under 
GAAP are recorded as an element of shareholders’ eq uity but are excluded from net income. The Company’ s OCI consists of foreign currency 
translation adjustments from those subsidiaries not  using the U.S. dollar as their functional currency , net deferred gains and losses on certain 
derivative instruments accounted for as cash flow h edges and unrealized gains and losses on marketable  securities classified as available-for-
sale.  
The following table shows the gross amounts reclass ified from AOCI into the Consolidated Statements of  Operations and the associated financial 
statement line item for 2014 (in millions):  
   
   
Apple Inc. | 2014 Form 10 -K | 70       Number of  
Shares  
(in thousands)      Average  
Repurchase 
 
Price Per  
Share      Amount  
(in millions)   
2014:          
Fourth quarter       81,255       $ 98.46       $ 8,000    
Third quarter       58,661       $ 85.23         5,000    
Second quarter       79,749       $ 75.24         6,000    
First quarter       66,847       $ 74.79         5,000    
                         
Total       286,512          $ 24,000    
           
              
         
2013:          
Fourth quarter       73,064       $ 68.43       $ 5,000    
Third quarter       62,676       $ 63.82         4,000    
Second quarter       0       $ 0         0    
First quarter       0       $ 0         0    
                         
Total       135,740          $ 9,000    
           
              
Comprehensive Income Components     Financial Statement Line Item     2014   
Unrecognized gains/losses on derivative instruments :        
Foreign exchange contracts     Revenue     $ 449    
   Cost of sales       (295 )  
   Other income/expense, net       15    
Interest rate contracts     Other income/expense, net       16    
              
        185    
Unrealized gains/losses on marketable securities     Other income/expense, net       (205 )  
              
Total amounts reclassified from AOCI     $ (20 )  
              Table of Contents  
The following table shows the changes in AOCI by co mponent for 2014 (in millions):  
   
Note 9 – Benefit Plans  
Stock Plans  
2014 Employee Stock Plan  
In the second quarter of 2014, shareholders approve d the 2014 Employee Stock Plan (the “2014 Plan”) an d terminated the Company’ s authority 
to grant new awards under the 2003 Employee Stock P lan (the “2003 Plan”). The 2014 Plan provides for b road-based equity grants to employees, 
including executive officers, and permits the grant ing of RSUs, stock grants, performance- based awards, stock options and stock appreciation 
rights, as well as cash bonus awards. RSUs granted under the 2014 Plan generally vest over four years,  based on continued employment, and 
are settled upon vesting in shares of the Company’s  common stock on a one-for- one basis. Each share issued with respect to RSUs g ranted 
under the 2014 Plan reduces the number of shares av ailable for grant under the plan by two shares. RSU s cancelled and shares withheld to 
satisfy tax withholding obligations increase the nu mber of shares available for grant under the 2014 P lan utilizing a factor of two times the number 
of RSUs cancelled or shares withheld. Currently, al l RSUs granted under the 2014 Plan have dividend eq uivalent rights (“DERs”), which entitle 
holders of RSUs to the same dividend value per shar e as holders of common stock. DERs are subject to t he same vesting and other terms and 
conditions as the corresponding unvested RSUs. DERs  are accumulated and paid when the underlying share s vest. Upon approval of the 2014 
Plan, the Company reserved 385 million shares plus the number of shares remaining that were reserved b ut not issued under the 2003 Plan. 
Shares subject to outstanding awards under the 2003  Plan that expire, are cancelled or otherwise termi nate, or are withheld to satisfy tax 
withholding obligations with respect to RSUs, will also be available for awards under the 2014 Plan. A s of September 27, 2014, approximately 
492.6 million shares were reserved for future issua nce under the 2014 Plan.  
2003 Employee Stock Plan  
The 2003 Plan is a shareholder approved plan that p rovided for broad- based equity grants to employees, including executi ve officers. The 2003 
Plan permitted the granting of incentive stock opti ons, nonstatutory stock options, RSUs, stock apprec iation rights, stock purchase rights and 
performance- based awards. Options granted under the 2003 Plan g enerally expire seven to ten years after the grant date and generally become 
exercisable over a period of four years, based on c ontinued employment, with either annual, semi- annual or quarterly vesting. RSUs granted 
under the 2003 Plan generally vest over two to four  years, based on continued employment and are settl ed upon vesting in shares of the 
Company’s common stock on a one-for- one basis. All RSUs, other than RSUs held by the Ch ief Executive Officer, granted under the 2003 Plan 
have DERs. DERs are subject to the same vesting and  other terms and conditions as the corresponding un vested RSUs. DERs are accumulated 
and paid when the underlying shares vest. In the se cond quarter of 2014, the Company terminated the au thority to grant new awards under the 
2003 Plan.  
   
Apple Inc. | 2014 Form 10 -K | 71       Cumulative 
 
Foreign  
Currency  
Translation     Unrecognized 
 
Gains/Losses 
 
on Derivative 
Instruments     Unrealized 
 
Gains  
/Losses on 
 
Marketable 
 
Securities     Total   
Balance at September 28, 2013     $ (105 )    $ (175 )    $ (191 )    $ (471 )  
                                         
Other comprehensive income/(loss) before reclassifi cations       (187 )      1,687        438        1,938    
Amounts reclassified from AOCI       0        185        (205 )      (20 )  
Tax effect            50        (333 )      (82 )      (365 )  
                                         
Other comprehensive income/(loss)       (137 )      1,539           151        1,553    
                                         
Balance at September 27, 2014     $ (242 )    $ 1,364      $ (40 )    $ 1,082    
           
          
          
          Table of Contents  
1997 Director Stock Plan  
The 1997 Director Stock Plan (the “Director Plan”) is a shareholder approved plan that (i) permits the  Company to grant awards of RSUs or stock 
options to the Company’s non-employee directors, (i i) provides for automatic initial grants of RSUs up on a non- employee director joining the 
Board of Directors and automatic annual grants of R SUs at each annual meeting of shareholders, and (ii i) permits the Board of Directors to 
prospectively change the relative mixture of stock options and RSUs for the initial and annual award g rants and the methodology for determining 
the number of shares of the Company’ s common stock subject to these grants without shar eholder approval. Each share issued with respect to  
RSUs granted under the Director Plan reduces the nu mber of shares available for grant under the plan b y two shares. The Director Plan expires 
November 9, 2019. All RSUs granted under the Direct or Plan are entitled to DERs. DERs are subject to t he same vesting and other terms and 
conditions as the corresponding unvested RSUs. DERs  are accumulated and paid when the underlying share s vest. As of September 27, 2014, 
approximately 1.2 million shares were reserved for future issuance under the Director Plan.  
Rule 10b5-1 Trading Plans  
During the fourth quarter of 2014, Section 16 offic ers Timothy D. Cook, Luca Maestri, Daniel Riccio, P hilip W. Schiller, D. Bruce Sewell and Jeffrey 
E. Williams had equity trading plans in place in ac cordance with Rule 10b5-1(c)(1) under the Exchange Act. An equity trading plan is a  written 
document that pre- establishes the amounts, prices and dates (or formu la for determining the amounts, prices and dates) o f future purchases or 
sales of the Company’s stock, including shares acqu ired pursuant to the Company’s employee and directo r equity plans.  
Employee Stock Purchase Plan  
The Employee Stock Purchase Plan (the “Purchase Pla n”) is a shareholder approved plan under which substant ially all employees may purchase 
the Company’ s common stock through payroll deductions at a pric e equal to 85% of the lower of the fair market valu es of the stock as of the 
beginning or the end of six-month offering periods.  An employee’ s payroll deductions under the Purchase Plan are li mited to 10% of the 
employee’ s compensation and employees may not purchase more than $25,000 of stock during any calendar year. As of September 27, 2014, 
approximately 7.6 million shares were reserved for future issuance under the Purchase Plan.  
401(k) Plan  
The Company’ s 401(k) Plan is a deferred salary arrangement unde r Section 401(k) of the Internal Revenue Code. Unde r the 401(k) Plan, 
participating U.S. employees may defer a portion of  their pre- tax earnings, up to the IRS annual contribution lim it ($17,500 for calendar year 
2014). The Company matches 50% to 100% of each empl oyee’s contributions, depending on length of service, up  to a maximum 6% of the 
employee’s eligible earnings. The Company’ s matching contributions to the 401(k) Plan were $1 63 million, $135 million and $114 million in 2014, 
2013 and 2012, respectively.  
   
Apple Inc. | 2014 Form 10 -K | 72  Table of Contents  
Restricted Stock Units  
A summary of the Company’s RSU activity and related  information for 2014, 2013 and 2012, is as follows :  
   
The fair value as of the respective vesting dates o f RSUs was $3.4 billion, $3.1 billion and $3.3 bill ion for 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively. The 
majority of RSUs that vested in 2014, 2013 and 2012  were net- share settled such that the Company withheld shares  with value equivalent to the 
employees’ minimum statutory obligation for the applicable inc ome and other employment taxes, and remitted the ca sh to the appropriate taxing 
authorities. The total shares withheld were approxi mately 15.6 million, 15.5 million and 16.1 million for 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively, and 
were based on the value of the RSUs on their respec tive vesting dates as determined by the Company ’s closing stock price. Total payments for 
the employees’ tax obligations to taxing authorities were $1.2 bil lion, $1.1 billion and $1.2 billion in 2014, 2013 a nd 2012, respectively, and are 
reflected as a financing activity within the Consol idated Statements of Cash Flows. These net- share settlements had the effect of share 
repurchases by the Company as they reduced and reti red the number of shares that would have otherwise been issued as a result of the vesting 
and did not represent an expense to the Company.  
Stock Options  
The Company had 6.6 million stock options outstandi ng as of September 27, 2014, with a weighted- average exercise price per share of $21.99 
and weighted- average remaining contractual term of 1.4 years, su bstantially all of which are exercisable. The aggre gate intrinsic value of the 
stock options outstanding as of September 27, 2014 was $520 million, which represents the value of the  Company’ s closing stock price on the last 
trading day of the period in excess of the weighted -average exercise price multiplied by the number of options outstanding. Total intrinsic value of 
options at time of exercise was $1.5 billion, $1.0 billion and $2.3 billion for 2014, 2013 and 2012, r espectively.  
   
Apple Inc. | 2014 Form 10 -K | 73       Number of  
RSUs  
(in thousands)     Weighted -Average 
 
Grant Date Fair  
Value Per Share      Aggregate  
Intrinsic Value 
 
(in millions)   
Balance at September 24, 2011       101,122      $ 33.07       
RSUs granted       54,597      $ 61.62       
RSUs vested       (44,137 )    $ 29.32       
RSUs cancelled       (6,545 )    $ 36.57       
                
Balance at September 29, 2012       105,037      $ 49.27       
RSUs granted       39,415      $ 78.23       
RSUs vested       (42,291 )    $ 45.96       
RSUs cancelled       (8,877 )    $ 57.31       
                
Balance at September 28, 2013       93,284      $ 62.24       
RSUs granted       59,269      $ 74.54       
RSUs vested       (43,111 )    $ 57.29       
RSUs cancelled       (5,620 )    $ 68.47       
                
Balance at September 27, 2014       103,822      $ 70.98       $ 10,460    
           
     Table of Contents  
Share-based Compensation  
The following table shows a summary of the share- based compensation expense included in the Consolid ated Statements of Operations for 2014, 
2013 and 2012 (in millions):  
   
The income tax benefit related to share- based compensation expense was $1.0 billion, $816 m illion and $567 million for 2014, 2013 and 2012, 
respectively. As of September 27, 2014, the total u nrecognized compensation cost related to outstandin g stock options, RSUs and restricted stock 
was $6.3 billion, which the Company expects to reco gnize over a weighted -average period of 2.9 years.  
Note 10 – Commitments and Contingencies  
Accrued Warranty and Indemnification  
The Company offers a basic limited parts and labor warranty on its hardware products. The basic warran ty period for hardware products is 
typically one year from the date of purchase by the  end-user. The Company also offers a 90-day basic warranty for its service parts used to repair  
the Company’ s hardware products. The Company provides currently  for the estimated cost that may be incurred under its basic limited product 
warranties at the time related revenue is recognize d. Factors considered in determining appropriate ac cruals for product warranty obligations 
include the size of the installed base of products subject to warranty protection, historical and proj ected warranty claim rates, historical and 
projected cost-per-claim and knowledge of specific product failures that are outside of the Company’ s typical experience. The Company assesses 
the adequacy of its pre- existing warranty liabilities and adjusts the amoun ts as necessary based on actual experience and chan ges in future 
estimates.  
The following table shows changes in the Company’s accrued warranties and related costs for 2014, 2013  and 2012 (in millions):  
   
The Company generally does not indemnify end- users of its operating system and application softw are against legal claims that the software 
infringes third- party intellectual property rights. Other agreement s entered into by the Company sometimes include ind emnification provisions 
under which the Company could be subject to costs a nd/or damages in the event of an infringement claim  against the Company or an indemnified 
third-party. However, the Company has not been required t o make any significant payments resulting from such  an infringement claim asserted 
against it or an indemnified third- party. In the opinion of management, there was not at least a reasonable possibility the Company may h ave 
incurred a material loss with respect to indemnific ation of end-users of its operating system or appli cation software for infringement of third- party 
intellectual property rights. The Company did not r ecord a liability for infringement costs related to  indemnification as of September 27, 2014 or 
September 28, 2013.  
The Company has entered into indemnification agreem ents with its directors and executive officers. Und er these agreements, the Company has 
agreed to indemnify such individuals to the fullest  extent permitted by law against liabilities that a rise by reason of their status as directors or 
officers and to advance expenses incurred by such i ndividuals in connection with related legal proceed ings. It is not possible to determine the 
maximum potential amount of payments the Company co uld be required to make under these agreements due to the limited history of prior 
indemnification claims and the unique facts and cir cumstances involved in each claim. However, the Com pany maintains directors and officers 
liability insurance coverage to reduce its exposure  to such obligations, and payments made under these  agreements historically have not been 
material.  
   
Apple Inc. | 2014 Form 10 -K | 74       2014      2013      2012   
Cost of sales     $ 450       $ 350       $ 265    
Research and development       1,216         917         668    
Selling, general and administrative       1,197         986         807    
                                 
Total share-based compensation expense     $ 2,863       $ 2,253       $ 1,740    
           
           
           
     2014     2013     2012   
Beginning accrued warranty and related costs     $ 2,967      $ 1,638      $ 1,240    
Cost of warranty claims       (3,760 )      (3,703 )      (1,786 )  
Accruals for product warranty       4,952        5,032        2,184    
                               
Ending accrued warranty and related costs     $ 4,159      $ 2,967      $ 1,638    
           
          
          Table of Contents  
Concentrations in the Available Sources of Supply o f Materials and Product  
Although most components essential to the Company’ s business are generally available from multiple so urces, a number of components are 
currently obtained from single or limited sources. In addition, the Company competes for various compo nents with other participants in the 
markets for mobile communication and media devices and personal computers. Therefore, many components used by the Company, including 
those that are available from multiple sources, are  at times subject to industry- wide shortage and significant pricing fluctuations that could 
materially adversely affect the Company’s financial  condition and operating results.  
The Company uses some custom components that are no t commonly used by its competitors, and new product s introduced by the Company 
often utilize custom components available from only  one source. When a component or product uses new t echnologies, initial capacity constraints 
may exist until the suppliers’ yields have matured or manufacturing capacity has increased. If the Com pany’s supply of components for a new or 
existing product were delayed or constrained, or if  an outsourcing partner delayed shipments of comple ted products to the Company, the 
Company’s financial condition and operating results  could be materially adversely affected. The Compan y’s business and financial performance 
could also be materially adversely affected dependi ng on the time required to obtain sufficient quanti ties from the original source, or to identify and 
obtain sufficient quantities from an alternative so urce. Continued availability of these components at  acceptable prices, or at all, may be affected if 
those suppliers concentrated on the production of c ommon components instead of components customized t o meet the Company’s requirements. 
The Company has entered into agreements for the sup ply of many components; however, there can be no gu arantee that the Company will be 
able to extend or renew these agreements on similar  terms, or at all. Therefore, the Company remains s ubject to significant risks of supply 
shortages and price increases that could materially  adversely affect its financial condition and opera ting results.  
Substantially all of the Company’ s hardware products are manufactured by outsourcing  partners that are located primarily in Asia. A sig nificant 
concentration of this manufacturing is currently pe rformed by a small number of outsourcing partners, often in single locations. Certain of these 
outsourcing partners are the sole-sourced suppliers  of components and manufacturers for many of the Co mpany’s products. Although the 
Company works closely with its outsourcing partners  on manufacturing schedules, the Company’ s operating results could be adversely affected if 
its outsourcing partners were unable to meet their production commitments. The Company’ s purchase commitments typically cover its 
requirements for periods up to 150 days.  
Other Off-Balance Sheet Commitments  
Operating Leases  
The Company leases various equipment and facilities , including retail space, under noncancelable opera ting lease arrangements. The Company 
does not currently utilize any other off- balance sheet financing arrangements. The major fac ility leases are typically for terms not exceeding 10 
years and generally contain multi- year renewal options. Leases for retail space are f or terms ranging from five to 20 years, the majorit y of which 
are for 10 years, and often contain multi-year rene wal options. As of September 27, 2014, the Company’ s total future minimum lease payments 
under noncancelable operating leases were $5.0 bill ion, of which $3.6 billion related to leases for re tail space.  
Rent expense under all operating leases, including both cancelable and noncancelable leases, was $717 million, $645 million and $488 million in 
2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively. Future minimum l ease payments under noncancelable operating leases having remaining terms in excess of 
one year as of September 27, 2014, are as follows ( in millions):  
   
   
Apple Inc. | 2014 Form 10 -K | 75  2015     $ 662    
2016       676    
2017       645    
2018       593    
2019       534    
Thereafter       1,877    
           
Total     $ 4,987    
           Table of Contents  
Other Commitments  
The Company utilizes several outsourcing partners t o manufacture sub-assemblies for the Company’ s products and to perform final assembly and 
testing of finished products. These outsourcing par tners acquire components and build product based on  demand information supplied by the 
Company, which typically covers periods up to 150 d ays. The Company also obtains individual components  for its products from a wide variety of 
individual suppliers. Consistent with industry prac tice, the Company acquires components through a com bination of purchase orders, supplier 
contracts and open orders based on projected demand  information. Where appropriate, the purchases are applied to inventory component 
prepayments that are outstanding with the respectiv e supplier. As of September 27, 2014, the Company h ad outstanding off-balance sheet third-
party manufacturing commitments and component purch ase commitments of $24.5 billion.  
In addition to the off- balance sheet commitments mentioned above, the Comp any had outstanding obligations of $3.4 billion as of September 27, 
2014, which consisted mainly of commitments to acqu ire capital assets, including product tooling and m anufacturing process equipment, and 
commitments related to advertising, R&D, Internet a nd telecommunications services and other obligation s.  
Contingencies  
The Company is subject to various legal proceedings  and claims that have arisen in the ordinary course  of business and that have not been fully 
adjudicated. In the opinion of management, there wa s not at least a reasonable possibility the Company  may have incurred a material loss, or a 
material loss in excess of a recorded accrual, with  respect to loss contingencies. However, the outcom e of litigation is inherently uncertain. 
Therefore, although management considers the likeli hood of such an outcome to be remote, if one or mor e of these legal matters were resolved 
against the Company in a reporting period for amoun ts in excess of management’s expectations, the Comp any’s consolidated financial 
statements for that reporting period could be mater ially adversely affected.  
Apple Inc. v. Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd, et al.  
On August 24, 2012, a jury returned a verdict award ing the Company $1.05 billion in its lawsuit agains t Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd and 
affiliated parties in the United States District Co urt, Northern District of California, San Jose Divi sion. On March 6, 2014, the District Court entered 
final judgment in favor of the Company in the amoun t of approximately $930 million. Because the award is now subject to appeal, the Company 
has not recognized the award in its results of oper ations.  
VirnetX, Inc. v. Apple Inc. et al.  
On August 11, 2010, VirnetX, Inc. filed an action a gainst the Company alleging that certain of its pro ducts infringed on four patents relating to 
network communications technology. On November 6, 2 012, a jury returned a verdict against the Company,  and awarded damages of $368 
million. On September 16, 2014, the Court of Appeal s for the Federal Circuit affirmed the District Cou rt’s decision in part, reversed in part, and 
vacated the damages award. The case has been remand ed for further proceedings.  
   
Apple Inc. | 2014 Form 10 -K | 76  Table of Contents  
Note 11 – Segment Information and Geographic Data  
The Company reports segment information based on th e “management” approach. The management approach designates the in ternal reporting 
used by management for making decisions and assessi ng performance as the source of the Company’s repor table segments.  
The Company manages its business primarily on a geo graphic basis. The Company’ s reportable operating segments consist of the Amer icas, 
Europe, Greater China, Japan, Rest of Asia Pacific and Retail operations. The Americas segment include s both North and South America. The 
Europe segment includes European countries, as well  as India, the Middle East and Africa. The Greater China segment includes China, Hong 
Kong and Taiwan. The Rest of Asia Pacific segment i ncludes Australia and Asian countries, other than t hose countries included in the Company’ s 
other operating segments. The results of the Compan y’s geographic segments do not include results of the  Retail segment. Each operating 
segment provides similar hardware and software prod ucts and similar services. The accounting policies of the various segments are the same as 
those described in Note 1, “Summary of Significant Accounting Policies.”  
The Company evaluates the performance of its operat ing segments based on net sales and operating incom e. Net sales for geographic segments 
are generally based on the location of customers, w hile Retail segment net sales are based on sales th rough the Company’ s retail stores. 
Operating income for each segment includes net sale s to third parties, related cost of sales and opera ting expenses directly attributable to the 
segment. Advertising expenses are generally include d in the geographic segment in which the expenditur es are incurred. Operating income for 
each segment excludes other income and expense and certain expenses managed outside the operating segm ents. Costs excluded from 
segment operating income include various corporate expenses such as R&D, corporate marketing expenses,  share-based compensation 
expense, income taxes, various nonrecurring charges , other separately managed general and administrati ve costs and certain manufacturing 
period expenses. The Company does not include inter company transfers between segments for management r eporting purposes.  
Segment assets include receivables and inventories,  and for the Retail segment also includes capital a ssets. Segment assets exclude corporate 
assets, such as cash and cash equivalents, short-te rm and long-term marketable securities, vendor non- trade receivables, other long- term 
investments, manufacturing and corporate facilities , product tooling and manufacturing process equipme nt, miscellaneous corporate 
infrastructure, goodwill and other acquired intangi ble assets. Except for the Retail segment, capital asset purchases for long- lived assets are not 
reported to management by segment and therefore are  excluded from the geographic segment assets and in stead included in corporate assets. 
Cash payments for capital asset purchases by the Re tail segment were $484 million, $495 million and $8 58 million for 2014, 2013 and 2012, 
respectively. The Company’ s total depreciation and amortization was $7.9 bill ion, $6.8 billion and $3.3 billion in 2014, 2013 an d 2012, 
respectively, of which $441 million, $382 million a nd $319 million was related to the Retail segment i n the respective years. Depreciation and 
amortization on segment assets included in the geog raphic segments was not significant.  
As the Company continues to expand its business, ma nagement believes collaboration across its online, Retail and indirect channels is integral to 
better serve its customers and optimize its financi al results. Beginning in the first quarter of 2015,  management will be assessing business 
performance and making decisions on a geographic ba sis, including the results of its retail stores in each respective geographic segment. 
Accordingly, the Company will be changing its repor table segments to align with the way the business i s managed. The Company’ s reportable 
operating segments will consist of the Americas, Eu rope, Greater China, Japan and Rest of Asia Pacific  operations, and the Retail segment will no 
longer be classified as a separate reportable segme nt. The historical segment data for prior periods w ill be reclassified to reflect this change 
beginning in the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ending December 27, 2014.  
   
Apple Inc. | 2014 Form 10 -K | 77  Table of Contents  
The following table shows information by operating segment for 2014, 2013 and 2012 (in millions):  
   
A reconciliation of the Company’ s segment operating income to the Consolidated Stat ements of Operations for 2014, 2013 and 2012, is as  follows 
(in millions):  
   
   
   
Apple Inc. | 2014 Form 10 -K | 78       2014     2013     2012   
Americas:         
Net sales     $ 65,232      $ 62,739      $ 57,512    
Operating income     $ 24,316      $ 22,817      $ 23,414    
       
Europe:         
Net sales     $ 40,929      $ 37,883      $ 36,323    
Operating income     $ 14,771      $ 13,025      $ 14,869    
Greater China:         
Net sales     $ 29,846      $ 25,417      $ 22,533    
Operating income     $ 11,016      $ 8,541      $ 9,843    
       
Japan:         
Net sales     $ 14,982      $ 13,462      $ 10,571    
Operating income     $ 7,183      $ 6,819      $ 5,861    
Rest of Asia Pacific:         
Net sales     $ 10,344      $ 11,181      $ 10,741    
Operating income     $ 3,636      $ 3,753      $ 4,253    
       
Retail:         
Net sales     $ 21,462      $ 20,228      $ 18,828    
Operating income     $ 4,575      $ 4,025      $4,613    
     2014     2013     2012   
Segment operating income     $ 65,497      $ 58,980      $ 62,853    
Research and development expense  (1)       (4,825 )      (3,558 )      (2,713 )  
Share-based compensation expense       (2,863 )      (2,253 )      (1,740 )  
Other corporate expenses, net       (5,306 )      (4,170 )      (3,159 )  
                               
Total operating income     $ 52,503      $ 48,999      $ 55,241    
           
          
          
  (1)   Amount excludes research and development share -based compensation expense.    Table of Contents  
The following table shows total assets by segment a nd reconciliation to the Consolidated Balance Sheet s as of September 27, 2014 and 
September 28, 2013 (in millions):  
   
The U.S. and China were the only countries that acc ounted for more than 10% of the Company’ s net sales in 2014, 2013 and 2012. There was no 
single customer that accounted for more than 10% of  net sales in 2014, 2013 or 2012. Net sales for 201 4, 2013 and 2012 and long- lived assets 
as of September 27, 2014 and September 28, 2013 are  as follows (in millions):  
   
   
   
Apple Inc. | 2014 Form 10 -K | 79       2014      2013   
Segment assets:        
Americas     $ 9,352       $ 5,653    
Europe       4,631         3,134    
Greater China       3,172         2,943    
Japan       3,106         2,932    
Rest of Asia Pacific       908         923    
Retail       3,626         3,329    
                      
Total segment assets       24,795         18,914    
Corporate assets       207,044         188,086    
                      
Total assets     $ 231,839       $ 207,000    
           
           
     2014      2013      2012   
Net sales:           
U.S.     $ 68,909       $ 66,197       $ 60,949    
China  (1)       30,638         25,946         22,797    
Other countries       83,248         78,767         72,762    
                                 
Total net sales     $ 182,795       $ 170,910       $ 156,508    
           
           
           
     2014      2013          
Long-lived assets:           
U.S.     $ 9,108       $ 7,399       
China  (1)       9,477         7,403       
Other countries       2,917         2,786       
                         
Total long-lived assets     $ 21,502       $ 17,588       
           
           
   
  (1)   China includes Hong Kong. Long- lived assets located in China consist primarily of product tooling and manufacturing process equipment  and 
assets related to retail stores and related infrast ructure.    Table of Contents  
Information regarding net sales by product for 2014 , 2013 and 2012, is as follows (in millions):  
   
   
   
   
Note 12 – Selected Quarterly Financial Information (Unaudited)  
The following tables show a summary of the Company’ s quarterly financial information for each of the f our quarters of 2014 and 2013 (in millions, 
except per share amounts):  
   
   
   
Apple Inc. | 2014 Form 10 -K | 80       2014      2013      2012   
Net Sales by Product:           
iPhone  (1)     $ 101,991       $ 91,279       $ 78,692    
iPad  (1)       30,283         31,980         30,945    
Mac  (1)       24,079         21,483         23,221    
iPod  (1)       2,286         4,411         5,615    
iTunes, Software and Services  (2)       18,063         16,051         12,890    
Accessories  (3)       6,093         5,706         5,145    
                                 
Total net sales     $ 182,795       $ 170,910       $ 156,508    
           
           
           
  (1)   Includes deferrals and amortization of related non -software services and software upgrade rights.    
  (2)   Includes revenue from the iTunes Store, the App Sto re, the Mac App Store, the iBooks Store, AppleCare,  licensing and other services.    
  (3)   Includes sales of Apple -branded and third -party accessories for iPhone, iPad, Mac and iPod.    
      Fourth Quarter         Third Quarter        Second Quarter         First Quarter      
2014:              
Net sales     $ 42,123       $ 37,432       $ 45,646       $ 57,594    
Gross margin     $ 16,009       $ 14,735       $ 17,947       $ 21,846    
Net income     $ 8,467       $ 7,748       $ 10,223       $ 13,072    
Earnings per share  (1) :              
Basic     $ 1.43       $ 1.29       $ 1.67       $ 2.08    
Diluted     $ 1.42       $ 1.28       $ 1.66       $ 2.07    
            
2013:     
Net sales     $ 37,472       $ 35,323       $ 43,603       $ 54,512    
Gross margin     $ 13,871       $ 13,024       $ 16,349       $ 21,060    
Net income     $ 7,512       $ 6,900       $ 9,547       $ 13,078    
            
Earnings per share  (1) :              
Basic     $ 1.19       $ 1.07       $ 1.45       $ 1.99    
Diluted     $ 1.18       $ 1.07       $ 1.44       $ 1.97    
  (1)   Basic and diluted earnings per share are computed i ndependently for each of the quarters presented. Th erefore, the sum of quarterly basic 
and diluted per share information may not equal ann ual basic and diluted earnings per share.    Table of Contents  
REPORT OF ERNST & YOUNG LLP, INDEPENDENT REGISTERED  PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM  
The Board of Directors and Shareholders of Apple In c.  
We have audited the accompanying consolidated balan ce sheets of Apple Inc. as of September 27, 2014 an d September 28, 2013, and the 
related consolidated statements of operations, comp rehensive income, shareholders’ equity and cash flows for each of the three years i n the 
period ended September 27, 2014. These financial st atements are the responsibility of the Company’ s management. Our responsibility is to 
express an opinion on these financial statements ba sed on our audits.  
We conducted our audits in accordance with the stan dards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Bo ard (United States). Those standards 
require that we plan and perform the audit to obtai n reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material 
misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a tes t basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclo sures in the financial statements. An audit 
also includes assessing the accounting principles u sed and significant estimates made by management, a s well as evaluating the overall financial 
statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.  
In our opinion, the financial statements referred t o above present fairly, in all material respects, t he consolidated financial position of Apple Inc. at  
September 27, 2014 and September 28, 2013, and the consolidated results of its operations and its cash  flows for each of the three years in the 
period ended September 27, 2014, in conformity with  U.S. generally accepted accounting principles.  
We also have audited, in accordance with the standa rds of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Boar d (United States), Apple Inc.’ s internal 
control over financial reporting as of September 27 , 2014, based on criteria established in Internal Control – Integrated Framework issued by the 
Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadw ay Commission (1992 framework) and our report dated  October 27, 2014 expressed an 
unqualified opinion thereon.  
/s/ Ernst & Young LLP  
San Jose, California  
October 27, 2014  
   
Apple Inc. | 2014 Form 10 -K | 81  Table of Contents  
REPORT OF ERNST & YOUNG LLP, INDEPENDENT REGISTERED  PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM  
The Board of Directors and Shareholders of Apple In c.  
We have audited Apple Inc.’s internal control over financial reporting as of September 27, 2014, based  on criteria established in Internal Control –
Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations  of the Treadway Commission (1992 framework) (“ the COSO 
criteria”). Apple Inc.’ s management is responsible for maintaining effecti ve internal control over financial reporting, and f or its assessment of the 
effectiveness of internal control over financial re porting included in the accompanying Management’ s Annual Report on Internal Control Over 
Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to expre ss an opinion on the Company’s internal control ove r financial reporting based on our audit.  
We conducted our audit in accordance with the stand ards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Boa rd (United States). Those standards 
require that we plan and perform the audit to obtai n reasonable assurance about whether effective inte rnal control over financial reporting was 
maintained in all material respects. Our audit incl uded obtaining an understanding of internal control  over financial reporting, assessing the risk 
that a material weakness exists, testing and evalua ting the design and operating effectiveness of inte rnal control based on the assessed risk, and 
performing such other procedures as we considered n ecessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for 
our opinion.  
A company’ s internal control over financial reporting is a pr ocess designed to provide reasonable assurance rega rding the reliability of financial 
reporting and the preparation of financial statemen ts for external purposes in accordance with general ly accepted accounting principles. A 
company’ s internal control over financial reporting include s those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to  the maintenance of records that, in 
reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect th e transactions and dispositions of the assets of th e company; (2) provide reasonable assurance 
that transactions are recorded as necessary to perm it preparation of financial statements in accordanc e with generally accepted accounting 
principles, and that receipts and expenditures of t he company are being made only in accordance with a uthorizations of management and 
directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonabl e assurance regarding prevention or timely detectio n of unauthorized acquisition, use, or 
disposition of the company’s assets that could have  a material effect on the financial statements.  
Because of its inherent limitations, internal contr ol over financial reporting may not prevent or dete ct misstatements. Also, projections of any 
evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are s ubject to the risk that controls may become inadequ ate because of changes in conditions, or that 
the degree of compliance with the policies or proce dures may deteriorate.  
In our opinion, Apple Inc. maintained, in all mater ial respects, effective internal control over finan cial reporting as of September 27, 2014, based 
on the COSO criteria.  
We also have audited, in accordance with the standa rds of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Boar d (United States), the 2014 
consolidated financial statements of Apple Inc. and  our report dated October 27, 2014 expressed an unq ualified opinion thereon.  
/s/ Ernst & Young LLP  
San Jose, California  
October 27, 2014  
   
Apple Inc. | 2014 Form 10 -K | 82  Table of Contents  
None.  
   
Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures  
Based on an evaluation under the supervision and wi th the participation of the Company’s management, t he Company’ s principal executive officer 
and principal financial officer have concluded that  the Company’s disclosure controls and procedures a s defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d- 15(e) 
under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amend ed (the “Exchange Act”) were effective as of September 27, 2014 to provide reasonable 
assurance that information required to be disclosed  by the Company in reports that it files or submits  under the Exchange Act is (i) recorded, 
processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Co mmission rules and forms and 
(ii) accumulated and communicated to the Company’ s management, including its principal executive off icer and principal financial officer, as 
appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding req uired disclosure.  
Inherent Limitations Over Internal Controls  
The Company’ s internal control over financial reporting is desi gned to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting 
and the preparation of financial statements for ext ernal purposes in accordance with U.S. generally ac cepted accounting principles (“GAAP”). The 
Company’s internal control over financial reporting  includes those policies and procedures that:  
   
   
   
Management, including the Company’s Chief Executive  Officer and Chief Financial Officer, does not expe ct that the Company’ s internal controls 
will prevent or detect all errors and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well designed and ope rated, can provide only reasonable, not 
absolute, assurance that the objectives of the cont rol system are met. Further, the design of a contro l system must reflect the fact that there are 
resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because  of the inherent limitations in all control 
systems, no evaluation of internal controls can pro vide absolute assurance that all control issues and  instances of fraud, if any, have been 
detected. Also, any evaluation of the effectiveness  of controls in future periods are subject to the r isk that those internal controls may become 
inadequate because of changes in business condition s, or that the degree of compliance with the polici es or procedures may deteriorate.  
Management’s Annual Report on Internal Control Over  Financial Reporting  
The Company’ s management is responsible for establishing and ma intaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 
13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act). Management condu cted an assessment of the effectiveness of the Comp any’s internal control over financial 
reporting based on the criteria set forth in Intern al Control – Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Spo nsoring Organizations of the 
Treadway Commission (1992 framework). Based on the Company’ s assessment, management has concluded that its int ernal control over 
financial reporting was effective as of September 2 7, 2014 to provide reasonable assurance regarding t he reliability of financial reporting and the 
preparation of financial statements in accordance w ith GAAP. The Company’ s independent registered public accounting firm, Er nst & Young LLP, 
has issued an audit report on the Company’s interna l control over financial reporting, which appears i n Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K.  
   
Apple Inc. | 2014 Form 10 -K | 83  Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Ac counting and Financial Disclosure 
Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
  (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reas onable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the tr ansactions and dispositions of the 
Company’s assets;  
  (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of fina ncial statements in accordance 
with GAAP, and that the Company ’s receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of the 
Company’s management and directors; and  
  (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding preven tion or timely detection of unauthorized acquisitio n, use, or disposition of the Company’ s 
assets that could have a material effect on the fin ancial statements.  Table of Contents  
Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reportin g  
There were no changes in the Company’ s internal control over financial reporting during the fourth quarter of 2014, which were identified i n 
connection with management’s evaluation required by  paragraph (d) of rules 13a-15 and 15d- 15 under the Exchange Act, that have materially 
affected, or are reasonably likely to materially af fect, the Company’s internal control over financial  reporting.  
   
Not applicable.  
PART III  
   
The information required by this Item is set forth under the headings “Directors, Executive Officers a nd Corporate Governance” and “ Section 16(a) 
Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance” in the C ompany’s 2015 Proxy Statement to be filed with the U.S. Se curities and Exchange 
Commission (the “SEC”) within 120 days after Septem ber 27, 2014 in connection with the solicitation of  proxies for the Company’ s 2015 annual 
meeting of shareholders and is incorporated herein by reference.  
   
The information required by this Item is set forth under the heading “Executive Compensation” and unde r the subheadings “ Board Oversight of 
Risk Management,” “Compensation of Directors,” “Dir ector Compensation-2014” and “ Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider 
Participation” under the heading “Directors, Execut ive Officers and Corporate Governance” in the Compa ny’s 2015 Proxy Statement to be filed 
with the SEC within 120 days after September 27, 20 14 and is incorporated herein by reference.  
   
The information required by this Item is set forth under the headings “Security Ownership of Certain B eneficial Owners and Management” and 
“Equity Compensation Plan Information” in the Compa ny’s 2015 Proxy Statement to be filed with the SEC wit hin 120 days after September 27, 
2014 and is incorporated herein by reference.  
   
The information required by this Item is set forth under the heading “Review, Approval or Ratification  of Transactions with Related Persons” and 
under the subheading “Board Committees” under the h eading “Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate  Governance” in the Company’ s 2015 
Proxy Statement to be filed with the SEC within 120  days after September 27, 2014 and is incorporated herein by reference.  
   
The information required by this Item is set forth under the subheadings “Fees Paid to Auditors” and “ Policy on Audit Committee Pre- Approval of 
Audit and Non-Audit Services Performed by the Indep endent Registered Public Accounting Firm” under the  proposal “ Ratification of Appointment 
of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm” i n the Company’ s 2015 Proxy Statement to be filed with the SEC wit hin 120 days after 
September 27, 2014 and is incorporated herein by re ference.  
   
Apple Inc. | 2014 Form 10 -K | 84  Item 9B. Other Information 
Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governa nce 
Item 11. Executive Compensation 
Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and  Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and  Director Independence 
Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services Table of Contents  
PART IV  
   
   
   
   
   
All financial statement schedules have been omitted , since the required information is not applicable or is not present in amounts sufficient to 
require submission of the schedule, or because the information required is included in the consolidate d financial statements and notes thereto 
included in this Form 10-K.  
   
The information required by this Section (a)(3) of Item 15 is set forth on the exhibit index that foll ows the Signatures page of this Form 10-K.  
   
Apple Inc. | 2014 Form 10 -K | 85  Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
(a) Documents filed as part of this report  
(1) All financial statements  
Index to Consolidated Financial Statements     Page   
Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years  ended September 27, 2014, September  28, 2013 and September 29, 2012       45    
Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for  the years ended September 27, 2014, September  28,  2013 and 
September 29, 2012       46    
Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 27, 201 4 and September 28, 2013       47    
Consolidated Statements of Shareholders’ Equity for  the years ended September 27, 2014, September  28,  2013 and September 29, 
2012       48    
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years  ended September 27, 2014, September  28, 2013 and September 29, 2012       49    
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements       50    
Selected Quarterly Financial Information (Unaudited )       80    
Reports of Ernst & Young LLP, Independent Registere d Public Accounting Firm       81    
(2) Financial Statement Schedules  
(3) Exhibits required by Item 601 of Regulation S -K  Table of Contents  
SIGNATURES  
Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d)  of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the regist rant has duly caused this report to be 
signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.  
Date: October 27, 2014  
Power of Attorney  
KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each perso n whose signature appears below constitutes and app oints Timothy D. Cook and 
Luca Maestri, jointly and severally, his or her att orneys-in-fact, each with the power of substitution, for him or her  in any and all capacities, to sign 
any amendments to this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and to file the same, with exhibits thereto and oth er documents in connection therewith, 
with the Securities and Exchange Commission, hereby  ratifying and confirming all that each of said attorneys-in-fact, or his substitute or 
substitutes, may do or cause to be done by virtue h ereof.  
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exch ange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below  by the following persons on behalf of the 
registrant and in the capacities and on the dates i ndicated:  
   
   
Apple Inc. | 2014 Form 10 -K | 86  APPLE INC. 
By:   /s/  Luca Maestri         
  Luca Maestri 
  Senior Vice President,  
Chief Financial Officer  
Name    Title   Date 
/s/    Timothy D. Cook          
TIMOTHY D. COOK     Chief Executive Officer and Director  
(Principal Executive Officer)    October 27, 2014 
/s/    Luca Maestri          
LUCA MAESTRI     Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer (Pri ncipal 
Financial and Accounting Officer)   October 27, 2014 
/s/    Millard S. Drexler          
MILLARD S. DREXLER     Director 
  October 27, 2014 
/s/    Al Gore          
AL GORE     Director 
  October 27, 2014 
/s/    Robert A. Iger          
ROBERT A. IGER     Director 
  October 27, 2014 
/s/    Andrea Jung          
ANDREA JUNG     Director 
  October 27, 2014 
/s/    Arthur D. Levinson          
ARTHUR D. LEVINSON     Director 
  October 27, 2014 
/s/    Ronald D. Sugar          
RONALD D. SUGAR     Director 
  October 27, 2014 
/s/    Susan L. Wagner          
SUSAN L. WAGNER     Director 
  October 27, 2014 Table of Contents  
EXHIBIT INDEX  
   
   
Apple Inc. | 2014 Form 10 -K | 87           Incorporated by  
Reference 
Exhibit  
Number    Exhibit Description    Form    Exhibit    Filing Date/ 
Period End 
Date  
    3.1   Restated Articles of Incorporation of the  Registrant effective as of June 6, 2014.    8-K      3.1    6/6/14 
    3.2   Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Regist rant effective as of February 28, 2014.    8-K      3.2    3/5/14 
    4.1   Form of Common Stock Certificate of the R egistrant.    10-Q      4.1    12/30/06 
    4.2 
  Indenture, dated as of April 29, 2013, between the Registrant and The Bank of New York Mellon 
Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee.    S-3 
     4.1 
   4/29/13 
    4.3 
  Officer’s Certificate of the Registrant, dated as o f May 3, 2013, including forms of global notes 
representing the Floating Rate Notes due 2016, Floa ting Rate Notes due 2018, 0.45% Notes 
due 2016, 1.00% Notes due 2018, 2.40% Notes due 202 3 and 3.85% Notes due 2043.    8-K 
     4.1 
   5/3/13 
    4.4 
  Officer’s Certificate of the Registrant, dated as o f May 6, 2014, including forms of global notes 
representing the Floating Rate Notes due 2017, Floa ting Rate Notes due 2019, 1.05% Notes 
due 2017, 2.10% Notes due 2019, 2.85% Notes due 202 1, 3.45% Notes due 2024 and 4.45% 
Notes due 2044.    8-K 
     4.1 
   5/6/14 
  10.1*   Amended Employee Stock Purchase Plan, effective as of March 8, 2010.    10 -Q    10.1    3/27/10 
  10.2* 
  Form of Indemnification Agreement between the Regis trant and each director and executive 
officer of the Registrant.    10-Q 
   10.2 
   6/27/09 
  10.3*   1997 Director Stock Plan, as amended thro ugh August 23, 2012.    10- Q    10.3    12/28/13 
  10.4*   2003 Employee Stock Plan, as amended thro ugh February 25, 2010.    8-K    10.1    3/1/10 
  10.5* 
  Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement under  2003 Employee Stock Plan effective as 
of November 16, 2010.    10-Q 
   10.10 
   12/25/10 
  10.6* 
  Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement under  2003 Employee Stock Plan effective as 
of April 6, 2012.    10-Q 
   10.8 
   3/31/12 
  10.7* 
  Summary Description of Amendment, effective as of M ay 24, 2012, to certain Restricted Stock 
Unit Award Agreements outstanding as of April 5, 20 12.    10-Q 
   10.8 
   6/30/12 
  10.8*   2014 Employee Stock Plan.    8-K    10.1    3/5/14 
  10.9* 
  Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement under  2014 Employee Stock Plan as of 
February 28, 2014.    8-K 
   10.2 
   3/5/14 
  10.10* 
  Form of Performance Award Agreement under 2014 Empl oyee  
Stock Plan effective as of February 28, 2014.     8-K 
   10.3 
   3/5/14 
  10.11*, ** 
  Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement under  2014  
Employee Stock Plan effective as of August 26, 2014 .           
  10.12*, ** 
  Form of Performance Award Agreement under 2014 Empl oyee Stock Plan effective as of 
August 26, 2014.          
  10.13*, ** 
  Form of Amendment, effective as of August 26, 2014,  to Restricted Stock Unit Award 
Agreements and Performance Award Agreements outstan ding as of August 26, 2014.          
  12.1**   Computation of Ratio of Earnings to Fixe d Charges.          
  21.1**   Subsidiaries of the Registrant.          Table of Contents  
   
   
   
   
Apple Inc. | 2014 Form 10-K | 88           Incorporated by  
Reference 
Exhibit  
Number    Exhibit Description    Form    Exhibit    Filing Date/ 
Period End 
Date  
  23.1**   Consent of Ernst & Young LLP, Independen t Registered Public Accounting Firm.          
  24.1** 
  Power of Attorney (included on the Signatures page of this Annual Report on Form 
10-K).          
  31.1**   Rule 13a-14(a) / 15d-14(a) Certification  of Chief Executive Officer.          
  31.2**   Rule 13a-14(a) / 15d-14(a) Certification  of Chief Financial Officer.          
  32.1***   Section 1350 Certifications of Chief Executive Offi cer and Chief Financial Officer.          
101.INS**   XBRL Instance Document.          
101.SCH**   XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document.          
101.CAL**   XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Docume nt.          
101.DEF**   XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Documen t.          
101.LAB**   XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document.          
101.PRE**   XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Docum ent.          
  * Indicates management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement.    
  ** Filed herewith.    
  *** Furnished herewith.    Exhibit 10.11 
APPLE INC.  
2014 EMPLOYEE STOCK PLAN  
RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AWARD AGREEMENT  
NOTICE OF GRANT  
Name:                                     (the “Par ticipant”)  
Employee ID:  
Grant Number:  
No. of Units Subject to Award:  
Award Date:                            (the “Award Date”)  
Vesting Commencement Date:  
Vesting Schedule:  
This restricted stock unit award (the “Award”) is granted under and governed by the terms and cond itions of the Apple Inc. 2014 Employee 
Stock Plan and the Terms and Conditions of Restrict ed Stock Unit Award, which are attached hereto and incorporated herein by reference.  
You do not have to accept the Award. If you wish to  decline your Award, you should promptly notify App le Inc.’s Stock Plan Group of your 
decision at stock@apple.com. If you do not provide such notification within thirty (30) days after the  Award Date, you will be deemed to have 
accepted your Award on the terms and conditions set  forth herein.  TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AWARD   
1. General . These Terms and Conditions of Restricted Stock Un it Award (these “ Terms ”) apply to a particular restricted stock unit award 
(the “ Award ”) granted by Apple Inc., a California corporation (the “ Company ”), and are incorporated by reference in the Notice  of Grant (the “
Grant Notice ”) corresponding to that particular grant. The reci pient of the Award identified in the Grant Notice i s referred to as the “ Participant .”
The effective date of grant of the Award as set for th in the Grant Notice is referred to as the “ Award Date .” The Award was granted under and is 
subject to the provisions of the Apple Inc. 2014 Em ployee Stock Plan (the “ Plan ”). Capitalized terms are defined in the Plan if not de fined herein. 
The Award has been granted to the Participant in ad dition to, and not in lieu of, any other form of co mpensation otherwise payable or to be paid to 
the Participant. The Grant Notice and these Terms a re collectively referred to as the “ Award Agreement ” applicable to the Award.  
2. Stock Units . As used herein, the term “ Stock Unit ” shall mean a non- voting unit of measurement which is deemed for book keeping 
purposes to be equivalent to one outstanding share of the Company’s Common Stock (“ Share ”) solely for purposes of the Plan and this Award 
Agreement. The Stock Units shall be used solely as a device for the determination of the payment to ev entually be made to the Participant if such 
Stock Units vest pursuant to this Award Agreement. The Stock Units shall not be treated as property or  as a trust fund of any kind.  
3. Vesting . Subject to Section 8 below, the Award shall vest and become nonforfeitable as set forth in the Grant  Notice. (Each vesting date 
set forth in the Grant Notice is referred to herein  as a “ Vesting Date ”).  
4. Continuance of Employment . The vesting schedule requires continued employmen t or service through each applicable Vesting Date a s 
a condition to the vesting of the applicable instal lment of the Award and the rights and benefits unde r this Award Agreement. Employment or 
service for only a portion of the vesting period, e ven if a substantial portion, will not entitle the Participant to any proportionate vesting or avoid o r 
mitigate a termination of rights and benefits upon or following a termination of employment or service s as provided in Section 8 below or under the 
Plan.  
Nothing contained in this Award Agreement or the Pl an constitutes an employment or service commitment by the Company, affects the 
Participant’ s status as an employee at will who is subject to t ermination with or without cause, confers upon the Participant any right to remain 
employed by or in service to the Company or any Sub sidiary, interferes in any way with the right of th e Company or any Subsidiary at any time to 
terminate such employment or services, or affects t he right of the Company or any Subsidiary to increa se or decrease the Participant’ s other 
compensation or benefits. Nothing in this paragraph , however, is intended to adversely affect any inde pendent contractual right of the Participant 
without his consent thereto.  
   
1  5. Dividend and Voting Rights .  
(a) Limitations on Rights Associated with Units . The Participant shall have no rights as a shareho lder of the Company, no dividend 
rights (except as expressly provided in Section 5(b ) with respect to Dividend Equivalent Rights) and n o voting rights, with respect to the Stock 
Units or any Shares underlying or issuable in respe ct of such Stock Units until such Shares are actual ly issued to and held of record by the 
Participant. No adjustments will be made for divide nds or other rights of a holder for which the recor d date is prior to the date of issuance of the 
stock certificate or book entry evidencing such Sha res.  
(b) Dividend Equivalent Rights Distributions . As of any date that the Company pays an ordinary cash dividend on its Common 
Stock, the Company shall credit the Participant wit h a dollar amount equal to (i) the per share cash d ividend paid by the Company on its Common 
Stock on such date, multiplied by (ii) the total nu mber of Stock Units (with such total number adjuste d pursuant to Section 11 of the Plan) subject 
to the Award that are outstanding immediately prior  to the record date for that dividend (a “ Dividend Equivalent Right ”). Any Dividend 
Equivalent Rights credited pursuant to the foregoin g provisions of this Section 5(b) shall be subject to the same vesting, payment and other terms, 
conditions and restrictions as the original Stock U nits to which they relate; provided, however, that the amount of any vested Dividend Equivalent 
Rights shall be paid in cash. No crediting of Divid end Equivalent Rights shall be made pursuant to thi s Section 5(b) with respect to any Stock 
Units which, immediately prior to the record date f or that dividend, have either been paid pursuant to  Section 7 or terminated pursuant to 
Section 8.  
6. Restrictions on Transfer . Except as provided in Section 4(c) of the Plan, n either the Award, nor any interest therein or amoun t or Shares 
payable in respect thereof may be sold, assigned, t ransferred, pledged or otherwise disposed of, alien ated or encumbered, either voluntarily or 
involuntarily.  
7. Timing and Manner of Payment of Stock Units . On or as soon as administratively practical follo wing each vesting of the applicable 
portion of the total Award pursuant to Section 3 or  Section 8 (and in all events not later than two an d one-half (2  1 ⁄ 2 ) months after such vesting 
event), the Company shall deliver to the Participan t a number of Shares (either by delivering one or m ore certificates for such Shares or by 
entering such Shares in book entry form, as determi ned by the Company in its discretion) equal to the number of Stock Units subject to the Award 
that vest on the applicable Vesting Date, less Tax- Related Items (as defined in Section 11 below), unl ess such Stock Units terminate prior to the 
given Vesting Date pursuant to Section 8. The Compa ny’s obligation to deliver Shares or otherwise make pa yment with respect to vested Stock 
Units is subject to the condition precedent that th e Participant or other person entitled under the Pl an to receive any Shares with respect to the 
vested Stock Units deliver to the Company any repre sentations or other documents or assurances require d pursuant to Section 13(c) of the Plan. 
The Participant shall have no further rights with r espect to any Stock Units that are paid or that ter minate pursuant to Section 8.  
   
2  8. Effect of Termination of Employment . Except as expressly provided below in this Sectio n 8, the Participant’ s Stock Units (as well as the 
related Dividend Equivalent Rights) shall terminate  to the extent such units have not become vested pr ior to the first date the Participant is no 
longer employed by or providing services to the Com pany or one of its Subsidiaries (the “ Severance Date ”), regardless of the reason for the 
termination of the Participant’ s employment with the Company or a Subsidiary, whet her with or without cause, voluntarily or involunta rily. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event the Par ticipant’s employment terminates due to the Partici pant’s Disability at a time when Stock Units 
remain outstanding and unvested under the Award, (a ) the Award shall vest with respect to the number o f Stock Units determined by multiplying 
(i) the number of then- outstanding and unvested Stock Units subject to the  Award that would have otherwise vested pursuant to  Section 3 on the 
next Vesting Date following the Severance Date but for such termination of employment, by (ii) a fract ion, the numerator of which shall be the 
number of days that have elapsed between the Vestin g Date that immediately preceded the Severance Date  (or, in the case of a termination prior 
to the initial Vesting Date, the Vesting Commenceme nt Date) and the Severance Date, and the denominato r of which shall be the number of days 
between the Vesting Date that immediately preceded the Severance Date (or, in the case of a terminatio n prior to the initial Vesting Date, the 
Vesting Commencement Date) and the next Vesting Dat e following the Severance Date that would have occu rred but for such termination of 
employment; and (b) any Stock Units (as well as the  related Dividend Equivalent Rights) that are not v ested after giving effect to the foregoing 
clause (a) shall terminate on the Severance Date. F urther, in the event the Participant’s employment t erminates due to the Participant’ s death, 
any then- outstanding and unvested Stock Units subject to the  Award shall be fully vested as of the Severance Da te, and any Dividend Equivalent 
Rights credited to the Participant shall be paid. I f any unvested Stock Units are terminated hereunder , such Stock Units (as well as the related 
Dividend Equivalent Rights) shall automatically ter minate and be cancelled as of the applicable Severa nce Date without payment of any 
consideration by the Company and without any other action by the Participant or the Participant’s pers onal representative, as the case may be.  
9. Recoupment . Notwithstanding any other provision herein, the A ward and any Shares or other amount or property tha t may be issued, 
delivered or paid in respect of the Award, as well as any consideration that may be received in respec t of a sale or other disposition of any such 
Shares or property, shall be subject to any recoupm ent, “clawback” or similar provisions of applicable law, as well as  any recoupment or 
“clawback” policies of the Company that may be in effect from time to time. In addition, the Company may require the Participant to deliver or 
otherwise repay to the Company the Award and any Sh ares or other amount or property that may be issued , delivered or paid in respect of the 
Award, as well as any consideration that may be rec eived in respect of a sale or other disposition of any such Shares or property, if the Company 
reasonably determines that one or more of the follo wing has occurred:  
   
   
   
   
3    (a) during the period of the Participant’s employme nt or service with the Company or any of its Subsid iaries (the “ Employment Period ”), 
the Participant has committed a felony (under the l aws of the United States or any relevant state, or a similar crime or offense under the 
applicable laws of any relevant foreign jurisdictio n);  
  (b) during the Employment Period or at any time thereaf ter, the Participant has committed or engaged in a breach of confidentiality, or an 
unauthorized disclosure or use of inside informatio n, customer lists, trade secrets or other confident ial information of the Company or 
any of its Subsidiaries;  
  (c) during the Employment Period or at any time thereaf ter, the Participant has committed or engaged in an  act of theft, embezzlement or 
fraud, or materially breached any agreement to whic h the Participant is a party with the Company or an y of its Subsidiaries.  10. Adjustments Upon Specified Events . Upon the occurrence of certain events relating to  the Company’ s stock contemplated by 
Section 11 of the Plan (including, without limitati on, an extraordinary cash dividend on such stock), the Committee shall make adjustments in 
accordance with such section in the number of Stock  Units then outstanding and the number and kind of securities that may be issued in respect 
of the Award. No such adjustment shall be made with  respect to any ordinary cash dividend for which Di vidend Equivalent Rights are credited 
pursuant to Section 5(b).  
11. Responsibility for Taxes . Regardless of any action the Company and/or the P articipant’s employer (the “ Employer ”) take with respect 
to any or all income tax (including U.S. federal, s tate and local tax and/or non- U.S. tax), social insurance, payroll tax, payment o n account or other 
tax-related items related to the Participant’ s participation in the Plan and legally applicable to the Participant or deemed by the Company or the 
Employer to be an appropriate charge to the Partici pant even if technically due by the Company or the Employer (“ Tax-Related Items ”), the 
Participant acknowledges that the ultimate liabilit y for all Tax-Related Items is and remains the Part icipant’s responsibility and may exceed the 
amount actually withheld by the Company or the Empl oyer. The Participant further acknowledges that the  Company and/or the Employer (i) make 
no representations or undertakings regarding the tr eatment of any Tax- Related Items in connection with any aspect of the Award, including the 
grant of the Stock Units, the vesting of the Stock Units, the delivery of Shares, the subsequent sale of any Shares acquired at vesting and the 
receipt of any dividends and/or dividend equivalent s; and (ii) do not commit to and are under no oblig ation to structure the terms of the grant or 
any aspect of the Award to reduce or eliminate the Participant’s liability for Tax- Related Items or achieve any particular tax result.  Further, if the 
Participant is or becomes subject to tax in more th an one jurisdiction, the Participant acknowledges t hat the Company and/or the Employer (or 
former employer, as applicable) may be required to withhold or account for Tax-Related Items in more t han one jurisdiction.  
Prior to the relevant taxable or tax withholding ev ent, as applicable, the Participant shall pay or ma ke arrangements satisfactory to the 
Company and/or the Employer to satisfy all withhold ing and payment on account obligations of the Compa ny and/or the Employer. In this regard, 
the Participant authorizes the Company and/or the E mployer, at its discretion and pursuant to such pro cedures as it may specify from time to time, 
to satisfy withholding and all other obligations wi th regard to all Tax- Related Items legally payable by the Participant by  one or a combination of 
the following:  
(a) withholding from any wages or other cash compensati on payable to the Participant by the Company and/or  the Employer;  
(b) withholding otherwise deliverable Shares and/or fro m otherwise payable Dividend Equivalent Rights to b e issued or paid upon 
vesting/settlement of the Award;  
(c) arranging for the sale of Shares otherwise delivera ble to the Participant (on the Participant’s behalf  and at the Participant’ s direction 
pursuant to this authorization), including selling shares as part of a block trade with other Particip ants in the Plan; or  
   
4  (d) withholding from the proceeds of the sale of Shares  acquired upon vesting/settlement of the Award.  
To avoid negative accounting treatment, the Company  may withhold or account for Tax- Related Items by considering applicable minimum 
statutory withholding amounts or other applicable w ithholding rates. If the obligation for Tax- Related Items is satisfied by withholding a number of 
Shares as described herein, for tax purposes, the P articipant is deemed to have been issued the full n umber of Shares subject to the Award, 
notwithstanding that a number of the Shares are hel d back solely for the purpose of paying the Tax- Related Items due as a result of any aspect of 
the Participant’s participation in the Plan. The Pa rticipant shall pay to the Company and/or the Emplo yer any amount of Tax- Related Items that the 
Company and/or the Employer may be required to with hold or account for as a result of the Participant’ s participation in the Plan that cannot be 
satisfied by the means previously described. The Co mpany may refuse to deliver to the Participant any Shares pursuant to the Participant’ s Award 
if the Participant fails to comply with the Partici pant’s obligations in connection with the Tax-Relat ed Items as described in this Section.  
12. Electronic Delivery and Acceptance . The Company may, in its sole discretion, deliver any documents related to the Award by 
electronic means or request the Participant’ s consent to participate in the Plan by electronic means. The Participant hereby consents to receive a ll 
applicable documentation by electronic delivery and  to participate in the Plan through an on- line (and/or voice activated) system established an d 
maintained by the Company or a third party vendor d esignated by the Company.  
13. Data Privacy . The Participant acknowledges and consents to the collection, use, processing and transfer of persona l data as described 
in this Section 13. The Company, its related entiti es, and the Participant’ s employer hold certain personal information about the Participant, 
including the Participant’ s name, home address and telephone number, date of birth, social security number or other employee ide ntification 
number, salary, nationality, job title, any Shares or directorships held in the Company, details of al l options or any other entitlement to Shares 
awarded, canceled, purchased, vested, unvested or o utstanding in the Participant’ s favor, for the purpose of managing and administer ing the Plan 
(“ Data ”). The Company and its related entities may transfer D ata amongst themselves as necessary for the purpose  of implementation, 
administration and management of the Participant’ s participation in the Plan, and the Company and it s related entities may each further transfer 
Data to any third parties assisting the Company or any such related entity in the implementation, admi nistration and management of the Plan. The 
Participant acknowledges that the transferors and t ransferees of such Data may be located anywhere in the world and hereby authorizes each of 
them to receive, possess, use, retain and transfer the Data, in electronic or other form, for the purp oses of implementing, administering and 
managing the Participant’ s participation in the Plan, including any transfer  of such Data as may be required for the administra tion of the Plan 
and/or the subsequent holding of Shares on the Part icipant’s behalf to a broker or to other third party with w hom the Participant may elect to 
deposit any Shares acquired under the Plan (whether  pursuant to the Award or otherwise).  
   
5  14. Notices . Any notice to be given under the terms of this Aw ard Agreement shall be in writing and addressed to the Company at its 
principal office to the attention of the Secretary,  and to the Participant at the Participant’s last a ddress reflected on the Company’ s records, or at 
such other address as either party may hereafter de signate in writing to the other. Any such notice sh all be given only when received, but if the 
Participant is no longer an employee of the Company , shall be deemed to have been duly given by the Co mpany when enclosed in a properly 
sealed envelope addressed as aforesaid, registered or certified, and deposited (postage and registry o r certification fee prepaid) in a post office or 
branch post office regularly maintained by the Unit ed States Government.  
15. Plan . The Award and all rights of the Participant under  this Award Agreement are subject to the terms and conditions of the provisions of 
the Plan, incorporated herein by reference. The Par ticipant agrees to be bound by the terms of the Pla n and this Award Agreement. The 
Participant acknowledges having read and understood  the Plan, the Prospectus for the Plan, and this Aw ard Agreement. Unless otherwise 
expressly provided in other sections of this Award Agreement, provisions of the Plan that confer discr etionary authority on the Board or the 
Committee do not (and shall not be deemed to) creat e any rights in the Participant unless such rights are expressly set forth herein or are 
otherwise in the sole discretion of the Board or th e Committee so conferred by appropriate action of t he Board or the Committee under the Plan 
after the date hereof.  
16. Entire Agreement . This Award Agreement and the Plan together consti tute the entire agreement and supersede all prior u nderstandings 
and agreements, written or oral, of the parties her eto with respect to the subject matter hereof. The Plan and this Award Agreement may be 
amended pursuant to Section 15 of the Plan. Such am endment must be in writing and signed by the Compan y. The Company may, however, 
unilaterally waive any provision hereof in writing to the extent such waiver does not adversely affect  the interests of the Participant hereunder, but 
no such waiver shall operate as or be construed to be a subsequent waiver of the same provision or a w aiver of any other provision hereof.  
17. Limitation on the Participant ’s Rights . Participation in the Plan confers no rights or in terests other than as herein provided. This Award 
Agreement creates only a contractual obligation on the part of the Company as to amounts payable and s hall not be construed as creating a trust. 
Neither the Plan nor any underlying program, in and  of itself, has any assets. The Participant shall h ave only the rights of a general unsecured 
creditor of the Company with respect to amounts cre dited and benefits payable, if any, with respect to  the Stock Units, and rights no greater than 
the right to receive the Common Stock as a general unsecured creditor with respect to Stock Units, as and when payable hereunder.  
18. Counterparts . This Award Agreement may be executed simultaneous ly in any number of counterparts, each of which sha ll be deemed 
an original but all of which together shall constit ute one and the same instrument.  
19. Section Headings . The section headings of this Award Agreement are for convenience of reference only and shall not be deemed to 
alter or affect any provision hereof.  
   
6  20. Governing Law and Choice of Venue . This Award Agreement shall be governed by and con strued and enforced in accordance with the 
laws of the State of California without regard to c onflict of law principles thereunder.  
For purposes of litigating any dispute that arises directly or indirectly from the relationship of the  parties evidenced by this grant or this 
Award Agreement, the parties hereby submit to the e xclusive jurisdiction of the State of California an d agree that such litigation shall be 
conducted only in the courts of Santa Clara County,  California, or the federal courts for the Northern  District of California, and no other courts, 
where this grant is made and/or to be performed.  
21. Construction . It is intended that the terms of the Award will n ot result in the imposition of any tax liability pu rsuant to Section 409A of the 
Code. This Award Agreement shall be construed and i nterpreted consistent with that intent.  
22. Severability . The provisions of this Award Agreement are severa ble and if any one of more provisions are determine d to be illegal or 
otherwise unenforceable, in whole or in part, the r emaining provisions shall nevertheless be binding a nd enforceable.  
23. Imposition of Other Requirements . The Company reserves the right to impose other re quirements on the Participant’ s participation in 
the Plan, on the Stock Units and on any Shares acqu ired under the Plan, to the extent the Company dete rmines it is necessary or advisable in 
order to comply with local law or facilitate the ad ministration of the Plan, and to require the Partic ipant to sign any additional agreements or 
undertakings that may be necessary to accomplish th e foregoing.  
   
7  Exhibit 10.12 
APPLE INC.  
2014 EMPLOYEE STOCK PLAN  
RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AWARD AGREEMENT  
PERFORMANCE AWARD  
NOTICE OF GRANT  
Name:  
Employee ID:  
Grant Number:  
Target No. of Units  
Subject to Award:  
Award Date:  
Vesting Schedule:  
Performance Period:  
This restricted stock unit award (the “Award”) is granted under and governed by the terms and cond itions of the Apple Inc. 2014 Employee 
Stock Plan and the Terms and Conditions of Restrict ed Stock Unit Award - Performance Award (including Exhibit A thereto), which are attached 
hereto and incorporated herein by reference.  
You do not have to accept the Award. If you wish to  decline your Award, you should promptly notify App le Inc.’s Stock Plan Group of your 
decision at stock@apple.com. If you do not provide such notification within thirty (30) days after the  Award Date, you will be deemed to have 
accepted your Award on the terms and conditions set  forth herein.  TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AWARD   
PERFORMANCE AWARD  
1. General . These Terms and Conditions of Restricted Stock Un it Award—Performance Award (these “ Terms ”) apply to a particular 
restricted stock unit award (the “ Award ”) granted by Apple Inc., a California corporation (the “ Company ”), and are incorporated by reference in 
the Notice of Grant (the “ Grant Notice ”) corresponding to that particular grant. The recipie nt of the Award identified in the Grant Notice is 
referred to as the “ Participant .” The effective date of grant of the Award as set forth in the Grant Notice is referred to as the “ Award Date .” The 
Award was granted under and is subject to the provi sions of the Apple Inc. 2014 Employee Stock Plan (t he “ Plan ”). Capitalized terms are 
defined in the Plan if not defined herein. The Awar d has been granted to the Participant in addition t o, and not in lieu of, any other form of 
compensation otherwise payable or to be paid to the  Participant. The Grant Notice and these Terms (inc luding Exhibit A hereto, incorporated 
herein by this reference) are collectively referred  to as the “ Award Agreement ” applicable to the Award.  
2. Stock Units . As used herein, the term “ Stock Unit ” shall mean a non- voting unit of measurement which is deemed for book keeping 
purposes to be equivalent to one outstanding share of the Company’s Common Stock (“ Share ”) solely for purposes of the Plan and this Award 
Agreement. The Stock Units shall be used solely as a device for the determination of the payment to ev entually be made to the Participant if such 
Stock Units vest pursuant to this Award Agreement. The Stock Units shall not be treated as property or  as a trust fund of any kind.  
3. Vesting . Subject to Section 8 below, the Award shall vest and become nonforfeitable as set forth in the Grant  Notice and Exhibit A hereto. 
(The vesting date set forth in the Grant Notice is referred to herein as a “ Vesting Date ”).  
4. Continuance of Employment . The vesting schedule requires continued employmen t or service through the Vesting Date as a conditio n to 
the vesting of the Award and the rights and benefit s under this Award Agreement. Employment or service  for only a portion of the vesting period, 
even if a substantial portion, will not entitle the  Participant to any proportionate vesting or avoid or mitigate a termination of rights and benefits 
upon or following a termination of employment or se rvices as provided in Section 8 below or under the Plan.  
Nothing contained in this Award Agreement or the Pl an constitutes an employment or service commitment by the Company, affects the 
Participant’ s status as an employee at will who is subject to t ermination with or without cause, confers upon the Participant any right to remain 
employed by or in service to the Company or any Sub sidiary, interferes in any way with the right of th e Company or any Subsidiary at any time to 
terminate such employment or services, or affects t he right of the Company or any Subsidiary to increa se or decrease the Participant’ s other 
compensation or benefits. Nothing in this paragraph , however, is intended to adversely affect any inde pendent contractual right of the Participant 
without his consent thereto.  
   
1  5. Dividend and Voting Rights .  
(a) Limitations on Rights Associated with Units . The Participant shall have no rights as a shareho lder of the Company, no dividend 
rights (except as expressly provided in Section 5(b ) with respect to Dividend Equivalent Rights) and n o voting rights, with respect to the Stock 
Units or any Shares underlying or issuable in respe ct of such Stock Units until such Shares are actual ly issued to and held of record by the 
Participant. No adjustments will be made for divide nds or other rights of a holder for which the recor d date is prior to the date of issuance of the 
stock certificate or book entry evidencing such Sha res.  
(b) Dividend Equivalent Rights Distributions . As of any date that the Company pays an ordinary cash dividend on its Common 
Stock, the Company shall credit the Participant wit h a dollar amount equal to (i) the per share cash d ividend paid by the Company on its Common 
Stock on such date, multiplied by (ii) the total ta rget number of Stock Units (with such total number adjusted pursuant to Section 11 of the Plan) 
subject to the Award that are outstanding immediate ly prior to the record date for that dividend (a “ Dividend Equivalent Right ”). Any Dividend 
Equivalent Rights credited pursuant to the foregoin g provisions of this Section 5(b) shall be subject to the same vesting, payment and other terms, 
conditions and restrictions as the original Stock U nits to which they relate; provided, however, that the amount of any vested Dividend Equivalent 
Rights shall be paid in cash. For purposes of clari ty, the percentage of the Dividend Equivalent Right s that are paid will correspond to the 
percentage of the total target number of Stock Unit s that vest on the Vesting Date, after giving effec t to Exhibit A . No crediting of Dividend 
Equivalent Rights shall be made pursuant to this Se ction 5(b) with respect to any Stock Units which, i mmediately prior to the record date for that 
dividend, have either been paid pursuant to Section  7 or terminated pursuant to Section 8 or Exhibit A  .  
6. Restrictions on Transfer . Except as provided in Section 4(c) of the Plan, n either the Award, nor any interest therein or amoun t or Shares 
payable in respect thereof may be sold, assigned, t ransferred, pledged or otherwise disposed of, alien ated or encumbered, either voluntarily or 
involuntarily.  
7. Timing and Manner of Payment of Stock Units . On or as soon as administratively practical follo wing the vesting of the Award pursuant 
to Section 3 or Section 8 (and in all events not la ter than two and one-half (2  1 ⁄ 2 ) months after such vesting event), the Company sha ll deliver to 
the Participant a number of Shares (either by deliv ering one or more certificates for such Shares or b y entering such Shares in book entry form, as 
determined by the Company in its discretion) equal to the number of Stock Units subject to the Award t hat vest on the Vesting Date, less Tax-
Related Items (as defined in Section 11 below), unl ess such Stock Units terminate prior to the Vesting  Date pursuant to Section 8. The Company’ s 
obligation to deliver Shares or otherwise make paym ent with respect to vested Stock Units is subject t o the condition precedent that the 
Participant or other person entitled under the Plan  to receive any Shares with respect to the vested S tock Units deliver to the Company any 
representations or other documents or assurances re quired pursuant to Section 13(c) of the Plan. The P articipant shall have no further rights with 
respect to any Stock Units that are paid or that te rminate pursuant to Section 8.  
   
2  8. Effect of Termination of Employment . Except as provided in the next sentence, the Part icipant’s Stock Units (as well as the related 
Dividend Equivalent Rights) shall terminate to the extent such units have not become vested prior to t he first date the Participant is no longer 
employed by or providing services to the Company or  one of its Subsidiaries (the “ Severance Date ”), regardless of the reason for the termination 
of the Participant’ s employment with the Company or a Subsidiary, whet her with or without cause, voluntarily or involunta rily. In the event the 
Participant’s Severance Date is the result of a ter mination of the Participant’s employment due to the  Participant’ s death or Disability, and the 
Severance Date occurs prior to the Vesting Date, on  the Vesting Date the Award shall vest with respect  to a number of Stock Units determined by 
multiplying (i) the Stock Units subject to the Awar d that would have otherwise vested pursuant to the Award on such Vesting Date but for the 
termination of employment and to the extent the app licable performance- based vesting requirement is satisfied, by (ii) the  Severance Fraction 
(determined as set forth below). Any Stock Units th at are unvested on the Severance Date and that are not eligible to vest on the Vesting Date 
following the Severance Date pursuant to the preced ing sentence shall terminate as of the Severance Da te, and any Stock Units that remain 
outstanding and unvested after giving effect to the  preceding sentence shall terminate as of the Vesti ng Date. The “ Severance Fraction ” means 
a fraction, the numerator of which shall be determi ned by subtracting the number of days remaining in the Performance Period on the Severance 
Date from the total number of days in the Performan ce Period, and the denominator of which shall be th e total number of days in the Performance 
Period. If any unvested Stock Units are terminated pursuant to this Award Agreement, such Stock Units (as well as the related Dividend 
Equivalent Rights) shall automatically terminate an d be cancelled as of the applicable Severance Date (or, to the extent the applicable 
performance-based vesting conditions are not satisf ied, the Vesting Date, as provided in Exhibit A ) without payment of any consideration by the 
Company and without any other action by the Partici pant, or the Participant’s beneficiary or personal representative, as the case may be.  
9. Recoupment . Notwithstanding any other provision herein, the A ward and any Shares or other amount or property tha t may be issued, 
delivered or paid in respect of the Award, as well as any consideration that may be received in respec t of a sale or other disposition of any such 
Shares or property, shall be subject to any recoupm ent, “clawback” or similar provisions of applicable law, as well as  any recoupment or 
“clawback” policies of the Company that may be in effect from time to time. In addition, the Company may require the Participant to deliver or 
otherwise repay to the Company the Award and any Sh ares or other amount or property that may be issued , delivered or paid in respect of the 
Award, as well as any consideration that may be rec eived in respect of a sale or other disposition of any such Shares or property, if the Company 
reasonably determines that one or more of the follo wing has occurred:  
   
   
   
3    (a) during the period of the Participant’s employme nt or service with the Company or any of its Subsid iaries (the “ Employment Period ”), 
the Participant has committed a felony (under the l aws of the United States or any relevant state, or a similar crime or offense under the 
applicable laws of any relevant foreign jurisdictio n);  
  (b) during the Employment Period or at any time thereaf ter, the Participant has committed or engaged in a breach of confidentiality, or an 
unauthorized disclosure or use of inside informatio n, customer lists, trade secrets or other confident ial information of the Company or 
any of its Subsidiaries;  10. Adjustments Upon Specified Events . Upon the occurrence of certain events relating to  the Company’ s stock contemplated by 
Section 11 of the Plan (including, without limitati on, an extraordinary cash dividend on such stock), the Committee shall make adjustments in 
accordance with such section in the number of Stock  Units then outstanding and the number and kind of securities that may be issued in respect 
of the Award. No such adjustment shall be made with  respect to any ordinary cash dividend for which Di vidend Equivalent Rights are credited 
pursuant to Section 5(b).  
11. Responsibility for Taxes . Regardless of any action the Company and/or the P articipant’s employer (the “ Employer ”) take with respect 
to any or all income tax (including U.S. federal, s tate and local tax and/or non- U.S. tax), social insurance, payroll tax, payment o n account or other 
tax-related items related to the Participant’ s participation in the Plan and legally applicable to the Participant or deemed by the Company or the 
Employer to be an appropriate charge to the Partici pant even if technically due by the Company or the Employer (“ Tax-Related Items ”), the 
Participant acknowledges that the ultimate liabilit y for all Tax-Related Items is and remains the Part icipant’s responsibility and may exceed the 
amount actually withheld by the Company or the Empl oyer. The Participant further acknowledges that the  Company and/or the Employer (i) make 
no representations or undertakings regarding the tr eatment of any Tax- Related Items in connection with any aspect of the Award, including the 
grant of the Stock Units, the vesting of the Stock Units, the delivery of Shares, the subsequent sale of any Shares acquired at vesting and the 
receipt of any dividends and/or dividend equivalent s; and (ii) do not commit to and are under no oblig ation to structure the terms of the grant or 
any aspect of the Award to reduce or eliminate the Participant’s liability for Tax- Related Items or achieve any particular tax result.  Further, if the 
Participant is or becomes subject to tax in more th an one jurisdiction, the Participant acknowledges t hat the Company and/or the Employer (or 
former employer, as applicable) may be required to withhold or account for Tax-Related Items in more t han one jurisdiction.  
Prior to the relevant taxable or tax withholding ev ent, as applicable, the Participant shall pay or ma ke arrangements satisfactory to the 
Company and/or the Employer to satisfy all withhold ing and payment on account obligations of the Compa ny and/or the Employer. In this regard, 
the Participant authorizes the Company and/or the E mployer, at its discretion and pursuant to such pro cedures as it may specify from time to time, 
to satisfy withholding and all other obligations wi th regard to all Tax- Related Items legally payable by the Participant by  one or a combination of 
the following:  
(a) withholding from any wages or other cash compensati on payable to the Participant by the Company and/or  the Employer;  
(b) withholding otherwise deliverable Shares and/or fro m otherwise payable Dividend Equivalent Rights to b e issued or paid upon 
vesting/settlement of the Award;  
   
4    (c) during the Employment Period or at any time thereaf ter, the Participant has committed or engaged in an  act of theft, embezzlement or 
fraud, or materially breached any agreement to whic h the Participant is a party with the Company or an y of its Subsidiaries.  (c) arranging for the sale of Shares otherwise delivera ble to the Participant (on the Participant’s behalf  and at the Participant’ s direction 
pursuant to this authorization), including selling shares as part of a block trade with other Particip ants in the Plan; or  
(d) withholding from the proceeds of the sale of Shares  acquired upon vesting/settlement of the Award.  
To avoid negative accounting treatment, the Company  may withhold or account for Tax- Related Items by considering applicable minimum 
statutory withholding amounts or other applicable w ithholding rates. If the obligation for Tax- Related Items is satisfied by withholding a number of 
Shares as described herein, for tax purposes, the P articipant is deemed to have been issued the full n umber of Shares subject to the Award, 
notwithstanding that a number of the Shares are hel d back solely for the purpose of paying the Tax- Related Items due as a result of any aspect of 
the Participant’s participation in the Plan. The Pa rticipant shall pay to the Company and/or the Emplo yer any amount of Tax- Related Items that the 
Company and/or the Employer may be required to with hold or account for as a result of the Participant’ s participation in the Plan that cannot be 
satisfied by the means previously described. The Co mpany may refuse to deliver to the Participant any Shares pursuant to the Participant’ s Award 
if the Participant fails to comply with the Partici pant’s obligations in connection with the Tax-Relat ed Items as described in this Section.  
12. Electronic Delivery and Acceptance . The Company may, in its sole discretion, deliver any documents related to the Award by 
electronic means or request the Participant’ s consent to participate in the Plan by electronic means. The Participant hereby consents to receive a ll 
applicable documentation by electronic delivery and  to participate in the Plan through an on- line (and/or voice activated) system established an d 
maintained by the Company or a third party vendor d esignated by the Company.  
13. Data Privacy . The Participant acknowledges and consents to the collection, use, processing and transfer of persona l data as described 
in this Section 13. The Company, its related entiti es, and the Participant’ s employer hold certain personal information about the Participant, 
including the Participant’ s name, home address and telephone number, date of birth, social security number or other employee ide ntification 
number, salary, nationality, job title, any Shares or directorships held in the Company, details of al l options or any other entitlement to Shares 
awarded, canceled, purchased, vested, unvested or o utstanding in the Participant’ s favor, for the purpose of managing and administer ing the Plan 
(“ Data ”). The Company and its related entities may transfer D ata amongst themselves as necessary for the purpose  of implementation, 
administration and management of the Participant’ s participation in the Plan, and the Company and it s related entities may each further transfer 
Data to any third parties assisting the Company or any such related entity in the implementation, admi nistration and management of the Plan. The 
Participant acknowledges that the transferors and t ransferees of such Data may be located anywhere in the world and hereby authorizes each of 
them to receive, possess, use, retain and transfer the Data, in electronic or other form, for the purp oses of implementing, administering and 
managing the Participant’ s participation in the Plan, including any transfer  of such Data as may be required for the administra tion of the Plan 
and/or the subsequent holding of Shares on the Part icipant’s behalf to a broker or to other third party with w hom the Participant may elect to 
deposit any Shares acquired under the Plan (whether  pursuant to the Award or otherwise).  
   
5  14. Notices . Any notice to be given under the terms of this Aw ard Agreement shall be in writing and addressed to the Company at its 
principal office to the attention of the Secretary,  and to the Participant at the Participant’s last a ddress reflected on the Company’ s records, or at 
such other address as either party may hereafter de signate in writing to the other. Any such notice sh all be given only when received, but if the 
Participant is no longer an employee of the Company , shall be deemed to have been duly given by the Co mpany when enclosed in a properly 
sealed envelope addressed as aforesaid, registered or certified, and deposited (postage and registry o r certification fee prepaid) in a post office or 
branch post office regularly maintained by the Unit ed States Government.  
15. Plan . The Award and all rights of the Participant under  this Award Agreement are subject to the terms and conditions of the provisions of 
the Plan, incorporated herein by reference. The Par ticipant agrees to be bound by the terms of the Pla n and this Award Agreement. The 
Participant acknowledges having read and understood  the Plan, the Prospectus for the Plan, and this Aw ard Agreement. Unless otherwise 
expressly provided in other sections of this Award Agreement, provisions of the Plan that confer discr etionary authority on the Board or the 
Committee do not (and shall not be deemed to) creat e any rights in the Participant unless such rights are expressly set forth herein or are 
otherwise in the sole discretion of the Board or th e Committee so conferred by appropriate action of t he Board or the Committee under the Plan 
after the date hereof.  
16. Entire Agreement . This Award Agreement and the Plan together consti tute the entire agreement and supersede all prior u nderstandings 
and agreements, written or oral, of the parties her eto with respect to the subject matter hereof. The Plan and this Award Agreement may be 
amended pursuant to Section 15 of the Plan. Such am endment must be in writing and signed by the Compan y. The Company may, however, 
unilaterally waive any provision hereof in writing to the extent such waiver does not adversely affect  the interests of the Participant hereunder, but 
no such waiver shall operate as or be construed to be a subsequent waiver of the same provision or a w aiver of any other provision hereof.  
17. Limitation on the Participant ’s Rights . Participation in the Plan confers no rights or in terests other than as herein provided. This Award 
Agreement creates only a contractual obligation on the part of the Company as to amounts payable and s hall not be construed as creating a trust. 
Neither the Plan nor any underlying program, in and  of itself, has any assets. The Participant shall h ave only the rights of a general unsecured 
creditor of the Company with respect to amounts cre dited and benefits payable, if any, with respect to  the Stock Units, and rights no greater than 
the right to receive the Common Stock as a general unsecured creditor with respect to Stock Units, as and when payable hereunder.  
18. Counterparts . This Award Agreement may be executed simultaneous ly in any number of counterparts, each of which sha ll be deemed 
an original but all of which together shall constit ute one and the same instrument.  
   
6  19. Section Headings . The section headings of this Award Agreement are for convenience of reference only and shall not be deemed to 
alter or affect any provision hereof.  
20. Governing Law and Choice of Venue . This Award Agreement shall be governed by and con strued and enforced in accordance with the 
laws of the State of California without regard to c onflict of law principles thereunder.  
For purposes of litigating any dispute that arises directly or indirectly from the relationship of the  parties evidenced by this grant or this 
Award Agreement, the parties hereby submit to the e xclusive jurisdiction of the State of California an d agree that such litigation shall be 
conducted only in the courts of Santa Clara County,  California, or the federal courts for the Northern  District of California, and no other courts, 
where this grant is made and/or to be performed.  
21. Construction . It is intended that the terms of the Award will n ot result in the imposition of any tax liability pu rsuant to Section 409A of the 
Code. This Award Agreement shall be construed and i nterpreted consistent with that intent.  
22. Severability . The provisions of this Award Agreement are severa ble and if any one of more provisions are determine d to be illegal or 
otherwise unenforceable, in whole or in part, the r emaining provisions shall nevertheless be binding a nd enforceable.  
23. Imposition of Other Requirements . The Company reserves the right to impose other re quirements on the Participant’ s participation in 
the Plan, on the Stock Units and on any Shares acqu ired under the Plan, to the extent the Company dete rmines it is necessary or advisable in 
order to comply with local law or facilitate the ad ministration of the Plan, and to require the Partic ipant to sign any additional agreements or 
undertakings that may be necessary to accomplish th e foregoing.  
* * * * *  
   
7  PERFORMANCE AWARD  
EXHIBIT A  
PERFORMANCE VESTING REQUIREMENTS  
The Stock Units (and related Dividend Equivalent Ri ghts) subject to the Award that will vest on the Ve sting Date will be determined based on 
the Company’s relative total shareholder return (“ TSR ”) Percentile for the Performance Period.  
The percentage of the Stock Units (and related Divi dend Equivalent Rights) that vest on the Vesting Da te will be determined as follows:  
   
   
   
   
For TSR Percentile performance for the Performance Period between the levels indicated above, the port ion of the Stock Units that will vest 
on the Vesting Date will be determined on a straigh t-line basis ( i.e. , linearly interpolated) between the two nearest ve sting percentages indicated 
above.  
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Company’ s TSR for the Performance Period is negative, in no  event shall more than one hundred 
percent (100%) of the target Stock Units vest.  
The number of Stock Units that vest on the Vesting Date will be rounded to the nearest whole unit, and  the balance of the Stock Units will not 
vest and will terminate on that Vesting Date.  
For purposes of the Award, the following definition s will apply:  
   
   
A-1    •   If the Company’ s TSR Percentile for the Performance Period is at t he [            ] ([            ]) percentile or gr eater, [            ] 
([            ]%) of the target Stock Units will ve st on the Vesting Date.  
  •   If the Company’ s TSR Percentile for the Performance Period is at t he [            ] ([            ]) percentile, [            ] ([            ]%) of the 
target Stock Units will vest on the Vesting Date.  
  •   If the Company’ s TSR Percentile for the Performance Period is at t he [            ] ([            ]) percentile, [            ] ([            ]%) of the 
target Stock Units will vest on the Vesting Date.  
  •   If the Company’ s TSR Percentile for the Performance Period is belo w the [            ] ([            ]) percentile, [             ] ([            ]%) of 
the Stock Units will vest on the Vesting Date.  
  •   “ TSR Percentile ” means the percentile ranking of the Company’ s TSR among the TSRs for the Comparison Group membe rs for 
the Performance Period. In determining the Company’ s TSR Percentile for the Performance Period, in the  event that the 
Company’ s TSR for the Performance Period is equal to the TS R(s) of one or more other Comparison Group members for that same 
period, the Company’s TSR Percentile ranking will b e determined by ranking the Company’ s TSR for that period as being greater 
than such other Comparison Group members.     
   
   
A-2    •   “ Comparison Group ” means the Company and each other company included  in the Standard & Poor’ s 500 index on the first day 
of the Performance Period and, except as provided b elow, the common stock (or similar equity security)  of which continues to be 
listed or traded on a national securities exchange through the last trading day of the Performance Per iod. In the event a member of 
the Comparison Group files for bankruptcy or liquid ates due to an insolvency, such company shall conti nue to be treated as a 
Comparison Group member, and such company’ s Ending Price will be treated as $0 if the common stock (or similar equity security) 
of such company is no longer listed or traded on a national securities exchange on the last trading da y of the Performance Period. 
In the event of a formation of a new parent company  by a Comparison Group member, substantially all of  the assets and liabilities 
of which consist immediately after the transaction of the equity interests in the original Comparison Group member or the assets 
and liabilities of such Comparison Group member imm ediately prior to the transaction, such new parent company shall be 
substituted for the Comparison Group member to the extent (and for such period of time) as its common stock (or similar equity 
securities) are listed or traded on a national secu rities exchange but the common stock (or similar eq uity securities) of the original 
Comparison Group member are not. In the event of a merger or other business combination of two Compari son Group members 
(including, without limitation, the acquisition of one Comparison Group member, or all or substantiall y all of its assets, by another 
Comparison Group member), the surviving, resulting or successor entity, as the case may be, shall cont inue to be treated as a 
member of the Comparison Group, provided that the c ommon stock (or similar equity security) of such en tity is listed or traded on a 
national securities exchange through the last tradi ng day of the Performance Period. With respect to t he preceding two sentences, 
the applicable stock prices shall be equitably and proportionately adjusted to the extent (if any) nec essary to preserve the intended 
incentives of the awards and mitigate the impact of  the transaction.  
  •   “ TSR ” shall be determined with respect to the Company and  any other Comparison Group member by dividing: (a)  the sum of 
(i) the difference obtained by subtracting the appl icable Beginning Price from the applicable Ending P rice plus (ii) all dividends and 
other distributions during the Performance Period b y (b) the applicable Beginning Price. Any non- cash distributions shall be valued 
at fair market value. For the purpose of determinin g TSR, the value of dividends and other distributio ns shall be determined by 
treating them as reinvested in additional shares of  stock at the closing market price on the date of d istribution.  
  •   “ Beginning Price ” means, with respect to the Company and any other Co mparison Group member, the average of the closing 
market prices of such company’ s common stock on the principal exchange on which s uch stock is traded for the twenty 
(20) consecutive trading days ending with the last trading day before the beginning of the Performance  Period. For the purpose of 
determining Beginning Price, the value of dividends  and other distributions shall be determined by tre ating them as reinvested in 
additional shares of stock at the closing market pr ice on the date of distribution.  With respect to the computation of TSR, Beginning P rice, and Ending Price, there shall also be an equi table and proportionate adjustment to 
the extent (if any) necessary to preserve the inten ded incentives of the awards and mitigate the impac t of any stock split, stock dividend or reverse 
stock split occurring during the Performance Period  (or during the applicable 20- day period in determining Beginning Price or Ending  Price, as the 
case may be).  
In the event of any ambiguity or discrepancy, the d etermination of the Committee shall be final and bi nding.  
* * * * *  
   
A-3    •   “ Ending Price ” means, with respect to the Company and any other Co mparison Group member, the average of the closing 
market prices of such company’ s common stock on the principal exchange on which s uch stock is traded for the twenty 
(20) consecutive trading days ending on the last tr ading day of the Performance Period. For the purpos e of determining Ending 
Price, the value of dividends and other distributio ns shall be determined by treating them as reinvest ed in additional shares of stock 
at the closing market price on the date of distribu tion.  Exhibit 10.13 
   
   
   
   
The Compensation Committee is pleased to amend the treatment of your outstanding and unvested restrict ed stock units (“RSUs”) upon your 
death or disability to provide greater financial se curity for you and your beneficiaries during a diff icult time.  
The amendments to the RSU awards are described belo w and take effect immediately. The Compensation Com mittee expects to include these 
terms in all awards going forward.  
Except as expressly set forth below, this letter do es not modify any other terms of your awards. The e xisting vesting and other provisions remain 
in effect.  
Please contact stock@apple.com if you have any ques tions about any of the matters covered in this lett er.  
Time -Based Awards  
If you hold time- based RSUs, your awards are amended to provide for full accelerated vesting at the time of your death.  The awards are also 
amended to provide for additional vesting if you te rminate employment due to disability. “Time-based” RSUs are the most common awards 
granted by Apple. They only require employees to re main employed by Apple or its subsidiaries through each vesting date in order to receive the 
shares.  
Previously, if an employee with outstanding time-ba sed RSUs died or terminated employment due to disab ility, only a pro- rata portion of the RSUs 
related to the next vesting date would have vested.  The remaining unvested RSUs were cancelled. This p ro-rata calculation was based on the 
number of whole calendar months in the vesting peri od.  
The Compensation Committee hereby amends your time- based RSUs to provide that all of your RSUs vest in  full if you are employed by Apple or 
its subsidiaries at the time of your death. In addi tion, if you terminate employment due to disability , the number of time- based RSUs that vest will 
be calculated based on the number of days you were employed by Apple or its subsidiaries, not the numb er of whole calendar months, in the 
applicable vesting period. This revised calculation  will typically result in the vesting of additional  RSUs upon a termination of employment due to 
disability.  To: Holders of Restricted Stock Unit Awards Granted  by Apple Inc.  
From: Apple Stock  
Date: August 26, 2014  
Re: Amendment of Awards – Acceleration on Death; Di sability Calculation  Performance -Based Awards  
If you hold performance- based awards, your awards are amended to provide fo r additional vesting at the time of your death or t ermination of 
employment due to disability.  
Previously, if an employee with performance-based a wards died or terminated employment due to disabili ty, a pro-rata portion of the RSUs related 
to the next vesting date would have vested. The rem aining unvested RSUs were cancelled. Depending on t he specific award terms, this pro- rata 
calculation was determined based either on the peri od between the grant date and the end of the perfor mance period or the period between the 
preceding vesting date and the next vesting date, a nd it was based on the number of whole calendar mon ths in the applicable period.  
The Compensation Committee hereby amends your perfo rmance-based awards to provide that, if you die or termina te employment due to 
disability while employed by Apple or its subsidiar ies, the fraction used to determine the number of s hares that vest will be calculated based on 
the total number of days in any performance period then in progress. The fraction will be determined b y subtracting the number of days remaining 
in the performance period on the termination date f rom the total number of days in the performance per iod, and dividing the result by the total 
number of days in the performance period. The share s continue to vest at the end of the performance pe riod, based on actual performance. This 
revised calculation will typically result in the ve sting of additional shares upon a termination of em ployment due to death or disability.  Exhibit 12.1 
Apple Inc.  
Computation of Ratio of Earnings to Fixed Charges  
(In millions, except ratios)  
   
   
        Years ended   
     September 27, 
 
2014      September 28, 
 
2013      September 29, 
 
2012      September 24, 
 
2011      September 25, 
 
2010   
Earnings:                 
Earnings before income taxes     $ 53,483       $ 50,155       $ 55,763       $ 34,205       $ 18,540    
Add: Fixed Charges       527         265         98         68         54    
                                                       
Total Earnings     $ 54,010       $ 50,420       $ 55,861       $ 34,273       $ 18,594    
           
           
           
           
           
Fixed Charges (1) :                 
Interest Expense     $ 384       $ 136       $ 0       $ 0       $ 0    
Interest component of rental expense       143         129         98         68         54    
                                                       
Total Fixed Charges     $ 527       $ 265       $ 98       $ 68       $ 54    
           
           
           
           
           
Ratio of Earnings to Fixed Charges  (2)      102         190         570         504         344    
  (1) Fixed charges include the portion of rental expense  that management believes is representative of the interest component.    
  (2) The ratio of earnings to fixed charges is computed by dividing Total Earnings by Total Fixed Charges.    Exhibit 21.1 
SUBSIDIARIES OF  
APPLE INC.*  
   
        Jurisdiction  
of Incorporation  
Apple Sales International     Ireland 
Apple Operations International     Ireland 
Apple Operations Europe     Ireland 
Braeburn Capital, Inc.     Nevada, U.S. 
  * Pursuant to Item 601(b)(21)(ii) of Regulation S-K , the names of other subsidiaries of Apple Inc. are o mitted because, considered in the 
aggregate, they would not constitute a significant subsidiary as of the end of the year covered by thi s report.    Exhibit 23.1 
Consent of Ernst & Young LLP, Independent Registere d Public Accounting Firm  
We consent to the incorporation by reference in the  following Registration Statements:  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
of our reports dated October 27, 2014 with respect to the consolidated financial statements of Apple I nc., and the effectiveness of internal control 
over financial reporting of Apple Inc., included in  this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended  September 27, 2014.  
/s/ Ernst & Young LLP  
San Jose, California  
October 27, 2014  (1) Registration Statement (Form S -8 No. 333 -195509) pertaining to Apple Inc. 2014 Employee Stoc k Plan,  
(2) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-193709 ) pertaining to Topsy Labs, Inc. 2007 Stock Plan,  
(3) Registration Statement (Form S-3 ASR No. 333-18 8191) of Apple Inc.,  
(4) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333- 184706) pertaining to AuthenTec, Inc. 2007 Stock In centive Plan and AuthenTec, Inc. 2010 
Incentive Plan, as amended,  
(5) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-180981 ) pertaining to Chomp Inc. 2009 Equity Incentive Pl an,  
(6) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-179189 ) pertaining to Anobit Technologies Ltd. Global Sha re Incentive Plan (2006),  
(7) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-168279 ) pertaining to Siri, Inc. 2008 Stock Option/Stock Issuance Plan,  
(8) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333- 165214) pertaining to Apple Inc. 2003 Employee Stoc k Plan, la la media, inc. 2005 Stock Plan and 
Quattro Wireless, Inc. 2006 Stock Option and Grant Plan,  
(9) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333- 146026) pertaining to Apple Inc. 2003 Employee Stoc k Plan and Apple Inc. Amended Employee 
Stock Purchase Plan,  
(10) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-125148) pe rtaining to Employee Stock Purchase Plan and 2003 E mployee Stock Plan, and  
(11) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-75930) per taining to 1997 Employee Stock Option Plan;  Exhibit 31.1 
CERTIFICATION  
I, Timothy D. Cook, certify that:  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
Date: October 27, 2014  1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10 -K of Apple Inc.;  
2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain  any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to  state a material fact necessary to 
make the statements made, in light of the circumsta nces under which such statements were made, not mis leading with respect to the period 
covered by this report;  
3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other fina ncial information included in this report, fairly p resent in all material respects 
the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the pe riods presented in this report;  
4. The registrant’ s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible  for establishing and maintaining disclosure contro ls and procedures (as 
defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15( e)) and internal control over financial reporting ( as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-
15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:  
  (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, o r caused such disclosure controls and procedures to  be designed under our 
supervision, to ensure that material information re lating to the registrant, including its consolidate d subsidiaries, is made known to us by 
others within those entities, particularly during t he period in which this report is being prepared;  
  (b) Designed such internal control over financial repor ting, or caused such internal control over financia l reporting to be designed under our 
supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regard ing the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements 
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;  
  (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant’ s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the 
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and proced ures, as of the end of the period covered by this r eport based on such evaluation; 
and  
  (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the regi strant’s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant’ s most 
recent fiscal quarter (the registrant’ s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual re port) that has materially affected, or is reasonabl y 
likely to materially affect, the registrant’s inter nal control over financial reporting; and  
5. The registrant’ s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed,  based on our most recent evaluation of internal co ntrol over financial reporting, 
to the registrant ’s auditors and the audit committee of the registran t’s board of directors (or persons performing the equ ivalent functions):  
  (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesse s in the design or operation of internal control ov er financial reporting which are 
reasonably likely to adversely affect the registran t’s ability to record, process, summarize, and repo rt financial information; and  
  (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involv es management or other employees who have a signifi cant role in the registrant’ s internal 
control over financial reporting.  
By:   /s/  Timothy D. Cook        
  Timothy D. Cook 
  Chief Executive Officer Exhibit 31.2 
CERTIFICATION  
I, Luca Maestri, certify that:  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
Date: October 27, 2014  1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10 -K of Apple Inc.;  
2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain  any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to  state a material fact necessary to 
make the statements made, in light of the circumsta nces under which such statements were made, not mis leading with respect to the period 
covered by this report;  
3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, an d other financial information included in this repo rt, fairly present in all material respects 
the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the pe riods presented in this report;  
4. The registrant’ s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible  for establishing and maintaining disclosure contro ls and procedures (as 
defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15( e)) and internal control over financial reporting ( as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-
15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:  
  (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, o r caused such disclosure controls and procedures to  be designed under our 
supervision, to ensure that material information re lating to the registrant, including its consolidate d subsidiaries, is made known to us by 
others within those entities, particularly during t he period in which this report is being prepared;  
  (b) Designed such internal control over financial repor ting, or caused such internal control over financia l reporting to be designed under our 
supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regard ing the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements 
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;  
  (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant’ s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the 
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and proced ures, as of the end of the period covered by this r eport based on such evaluation; 
and  
  (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the regi strant’s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant’ s most 
recent fiscal quarter (the registrant’ s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual re port) that has materially affected, or is reasonabl y 
likely to materially affect, the registrant’s inter nal control over financial reporting; and  
5. The registrant’ s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed,  based on our most recent evaluation of internal co ntrol over financial reporting, 
to the registrant ’s auditors and the audit committee of the registran t’s board of directors (or persons performing the equ ivalent functions):  
  (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesse s in the design or operation of internal control ov er financial reporting which are 
reasonably likely to adversely affect the registran t’s ability to record, process, summarize, and repo rt financial information; and  
  (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involv es management or other employees who have a signifi cant role in the registrant’ s internal 
control over financial reporting.  
By:   /s/   Luca Maestri        
  Luca Maestri  
Senior Vice President,  
Chief Financial Officer  Exhibit 32.1 
CERTIFICATIONS OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND CHIEF  FINANCIAL OFFICER  
PURSUANT TO  
18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,  
AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO  
SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  
I, Timothy D. Cook, certify, as of the date hereof,  pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pur suant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes- Oxley 
Act of 2002, that the Annual Report of Apple Inc. o n Form 10- K for the fiscal year ended September 27, 2014 full y complies with the requirements 
of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchang e Act of 1934 and that information contained in suc h Form 10- K fairly presents in all material 
respects the financial condition and results of ope rations of Apple Inc. at the dates and for the peri ods indicated.  
Date: October 27, 2014  
I, Luca Maestri, certify, as of the date hereof, pu rsuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursua nt to Section 906 of the Sarbanes- Oxley Act 
of 2002, that the Annual Report of Apple Inc. on Fo rm 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 27, 2014 full y complies with the requirements of 
Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange A ct of 1934 and that information contained in such F orm 10-K fairly presents in all material 
respects the financial condition and results of ope rations of Apple Inc. at the dates and for the peri ods indicated.  
Date: October 27, 2014  
A signed original of this written statement require d by Section 906 has been provided to Apple Inc. an d will be retained by Apple Inc. and 
furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission  or its staff upon request.  By:   /s/  Timothy D. Cook          
  Timothy D. Cook 
  Chief Executive Officer 
By:   /s/  Luca Maestri       
  Luca Maestri 
  Senior Vice President,  
Chief Financial Officer  