APPLE INC
FORM 10-K
(Annual Report)
Filed 10/31/12 for the Period Ending 09/29/12
  
  
Address
ONE INFINITE LOOP
CUPERTINO, CA 95014
Telephone
(408) 996-1010
CIK
0000320193
Symbol
AAPL
SIC Code
3571 - Electronic Computers
Industry
Computer Hardware
Sector
Technology
Fiscal Year
09/27
http://www.edgar-online.com
© Copyright 2015, EDGAR Online, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Distribution and use of this document restricted under EDGAR Online, Inc. Terms of Use.
Table of Contents  
      
UNITED STATES  
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  
Washington, D.C. 20549  
   
Form 10-K  
   
(Mark One)  
   
For the fiscal year ended September 29, 2012  
or  
   
For the transition period from                          to                           
Commission file number: 000-10030  
   
APPLE INC.  
(Exact name of registrant as specified in its chart er)  
   
   
Registrant’s telephone number, including area code:  (408) 996-1010  
   
Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:  
   
Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None  
   
Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well- known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of th e Securities Act.  
Yes        No   /box2  
Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not req uired to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Sec tion 15(d) of the Act.  
Yes   /box2     No     
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) h as filed all reports required to be filed by Sectio n 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act 
of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such  shorter period that the registrant was required to  file such reports), and (2) has been subject 
to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.  
Yes        No   /box2  
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has s ubmitted electronically and posted on its corporate  Web site, if any, every Interactive Data 
File required to be submitted and posted pursuant t o Rule 405 of Regulation S- T (§232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 1 2 months (or 
for such shorter period that the registrant was req uired to submit and post such files).  
Yes        No   /box2  
Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S- K (section 229.405 of this chapter) is not 
contained herein, and will not be contained, to the  best of the registrant’ s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information sta tements incorporated 
by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any a mendment to this Form 10-K.   /box2  
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a no n-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting 
company. See the definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer” and “smaller reporting company” in Rule 12b- 2 of the Exchange 
Act.  
     
  
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF TH E SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934  
/box2 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) O F THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934  
  
  
California   94 -2404110 
(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or or ganization)   (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
1 Infinite Loop  
   
Cupertino, California    95014 
(Address of principal executive offices)   (Zip Code) 
  
Common Stock, no par value   The NASDAQ Stock Market LLC 
(Title of class)   (Name of exchange on which registered) 
  
Large accelerated filer         Accelerated filer    /box2 
Non -accelerated filer    /box2   (Do not check if a smaller reporting company)     Smaller reporting company    /box2 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act) .  
Yes   /box2     No     
The aggregate market value of the voting and non-vo ting stock held by non- affiliates of the registrant, as of March 30, 2012,  the last business 
day of the registrant’ s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, wa s approximately $560,356,000,000 based upon the clo sing price reported 
for such date on the NASDAQ Stock Market LLC. Solel y for purposes of this disclosure, shares of common  stock held by executive officers and 
directors of the registrant as of such date have be en excluded because such persons may be deemed to b e affiliates. This determination of 
executive officers and directors as affiliates is n ot necessarily a conclusive determination for any o ther purposes.  
940,692,000 shares of common stock were issued and outstanding as of October 19, 2012.  
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE  
Portions of the registrant’s definitive proxy state ment relating to its 2013 annual meeting of shareho lders (the “2013 Proxy Statement”) are 
incorporated by reference into Part III of this Ann ual Report on Form 10- K where indicated. The 2013 Proxy Statement will be  filed with the 
U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days after the end of the fiscal year to which this  report relates.  
         Table of Contents  
The Business section and other parts of this Annual  Report on Form 10-K (“Form 10-K”) contain forward- looking statements, within the 
meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform  Act of 1995, that involve risks and uncertainties.  Many of the forward- looking statements 
are located in “Management’s Discussion and Analysi s of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. ” Forward- looking statements provide 
current expectations of future events based on cert ain assumptions and include any statement that does  not directly relate to any historical or 
current fact. Forward-looking statements can also b e identified by words such as “future,” “anticipate s,” “believes,” “estimates,” “expects,”
“intends,” “plans,” “predicts,” “will,” “would,” “c ould,” “can,” “may,” and similar terms. Forward- looking statements are not guarantees 
of future performance and the Company’s actual resu lts may differ significantly from the results discu ssed in the forward- looking statements. 
Factors that might cause such differences include, but are not limited to, those discussed in Part I, Item 1A of this Form 10 -K under the heading 
“Risk Factors,” which are incorporated herein by re ference. Each of the terms the “Company” and “Apple ” as used herein refers collectively 
to Apple Inc. and its wholly-owned subsidiaries, un less otherwise stated. The Company assumes no oblig ation to revise or update any forward-
looking statements for any reason, except as requir ed by law.  
PART I  
   
Company Background  
The Company designs, manufactures and markets mobil e communication and media devices, personal compute rs, and portable digital music 
players, and sells a variety of related software, s ervices, peripherals, networking solutions, and thi rd-party digital content and applications. The 
Company’s products and services include iPhone , iP ad , Mac , iPod , Apple TV , a portfolio of consumer and professional software 
applications, the iOS and OS X operating systems, i Cloud , and a variety of accessory, service and support off erings. The Company also sells 
and delivers digital content and applications throu gh the iTunes Store , App Store , iBookstore , and Mac App Store. The Company sells 
its products worldwide through its retail stores, o nline stores, and direct sales force, as well as th rough third- party cellular network carriers, 
wholesalers, retailers, and value-added resellers. In addition, the Company sells a variety of third- party iPhone, iPad, Mac and iPod compatible 
products, including application software, and vario us accessories, through its online and retail store s. The Company sells to consumers; small 
and mid-sized businesses (“SMB”); and education, en terprise and government customers. The Company’s fi scal year is the 52 or 53- week period 
that ends on the last Saturday of September. Unless  otherwise stated, all information presented in thi s Form 10-K is based on the Company’ s 
fiscal calendar. The Company is a California corpor ation established in 1977.  
Business Strategy  
The Company is committed to bringing the best user experience to its customers through its innovative hardware, software, peripherals, and 
services. The Company’ s business strategy leverages its unique ability to  design and develop its own operating systems, hard ware, application 
software, and services to provide its customers new  products and solutions with superior ease-of- use, seamless integration, and innovative 
design. The Company believes continual investment i n research and development, marketing and advertisi ng is critical to the development and 
sale of innovative products and technologies. As pa rt of its strategy, the Company continues to expand  its platform for the discovery and delivery 
of third-party digital content and applications thr ough the iTunes Store. As part of the iTunes Store,  the Company’ s App Store and iBookstore 
allow customers to discover and download applicatio ns and books through either a Mac or Windows-based computer or through “iOS devices,”
namely iPhone, iPad and iPod touch . The Company’ s Mac App Store allows customers to easily discover , download and install Mac 
applications. The Company also supports a community  for the development of third- party software and hardware products and digital co ntent 
that complement the Company’s offerings. The Compan y’s strategy also includes expanding its distribution  network to effectively reach more 
customers and provide them with a high-quality sale s and post-sales support experience.  
   
1  Item 1. Business 
® ® ® ® ® 
® ® 
® SM SM 
® Table of Contents  
Consumer and Small and Mid-Sized Business  
The Company believes a high-quality buying experien ce with knowledgeable salespersons who can convey t he value of the Company’ s products 
and services greatly enhances its ability to attrac t and retain customers. The Company sells its produ cts and resells third- party products in most 
of its major markets directly to consumers and SMBs  through its retail and online stores. The Company has also invested in programs to enhance 
reseller sales by placing high quality Apple fixtur es, merchandising materials and other resources wit hin selected third- party reseller locations. 
Through the Apple Premium Reseller Program, certain  third-party resellers focus on the Apple platform by prov iding a high level of product 
expertise, integration and support services.  
The Company’s retail stores are typically located a t high-traffic locations in quality shopping malls and urb an shopping districts. By operating its 
own stores and locating them in desirable high- traffic locations the Company is better positioned to ensure a high quality customer buying 
experience and attract new customers. The stores ar e designed to simplify and enhance the presentation  and marketing of the Company’ s 
products and related solutions. To that end, retail  store configurations have evolved into various siz es to accommodate market- specific demands. 
The Company believes providing direct contact with its customers is an effective way to demonstrate th e advantages of its products over those of 
its competitors. The stores employ experienced and knowledgeable personnel who provide product advice,  service and training. The stores offer 
a wide selection of third-party hardware, software,  and other accessories and peripherals that complem ent the Company’s products.  
Education  
The Company is committed to delivering solutions to  help educators teach and students learn. The Compa ny believes effective integration of 
technology into classroom instruction can result in  higher levels of student achievement and has desig ned a range of products, services and 
programs to address the needs of education customer s. The Company also supports mobile learning and re al-time distribution of, and access to, 
education related materials through iTunes U , a platform that allows students and teachers to sha re and distribute educational media online. 
The Company sells its products to the education mar ket through its direct sales force, select third-pa rty resellers and its online and retail stores.  
Enterprise and Government  
The Company also sells its hardware and software pr oducts to enterprise and government customers in ea ch of its geographic segments. The 
Company’ s products are deployed in these markets because of  their performance, productivity, ease of use and s eamless integration into 
information technology environments. The Company’s products are compatible with thousands of third- party business applications and services, 
and its tools enable the development and secure dep loyment of custom applications as well as remote de vice administration.  
Business Organization  
The Company manages its business primarily on a geo graphic basis. Accordingly, the Company determined its reportable operating segments, 
which are generally based on the nature and locatio n of its customers, to be the Americas, Europe, Jap an, Asia-Pacific and Retail. The results of 
the Americas, Europe, Japan and Asia- Pacific segments do not include results of the Reta il segment. The Americas segment includes both Nort h 
and South America. The Europe segment includes Euro pean countries, as well as the Middle East and Afri ca. The Asia- Pacific segment includes 
Australia and Asian countries, other than Japan. Th e Retail segment operates Apple retail stores in 13  countries, including the U.S. Each 
operating segment provides similar hardware and sof tware products and similar services. Further inform ation regarding the Company’ s operating 
segments may be found in Part II, Item 7 of this Fo rm 10-K under the subheading “Segment Operating Per formance,” and in Part II, Item 8 of 
this Form 10-K in the Notes to Consolidated Financi al Statements in Note 8, “Segment Information and G eographic Data.”  
   
2  ® Table of Contents  
Products  
The Company offers a range of mobile communication and media devices, personal computing products, and  portable digital music players, as 
well as a variety of related software, services, pe ripherals, networking solutions and third- party hardware and software products. In addition, the 
Company offers its own software products, including  iOS, the Company’s mobile operating system; OS X, the Company’ s Mac operating 
system; and server and application software. The Co mpany’s primary products are discussed below.  
iPhone  
iPhone combines a mobile phone, an iPod, and an Int ernet communications device in a single handheld pr oduct. Based on the Company’s Multi-
Touch™ user interface, iPhone features desktop- class email, web browsing, searching, and maps and is compatible with both Mac and 
Windows-based computers. iPhone automatically syncs  content from users’ iTunes libraries, as well as contacts, bookmarks, a nd email 
accounts. iPhone allows customers to access the iTu nes Store to download audio and video files, as wel l as a variety of other digital content and 
applications. In September 2012, the Company launch ed iPhone 5, its latest version of iPhone. In addit ion to the Company’ s own iPhone 
accessories, third-party iPhone compatible accessor ies are available through the Company’s online and retail stores and from third parties.  
iPad  
iPad is a multi- purpose mobile device for browsing the web, reading  and sending email, viewing photos, watching videos , listening to music, 
playing games, reading e-books and more. iPad is ba sed on the Company’s Multi- Touch technology and allows customers to connect wi th their 
applications and content in a more interactive way.  iPad allows customers to access the iTunes Store t o download audio and video files, as well 
as a variety of other digital content and applicati ons. In March 2012, the Company launched the new iP ad, its third generation iPad, and in 
October 2012, the Company announced its fourth gene ration iPad and iPad mini, which are expected to be  available in November 2012. In 
addition to the Company’s own iPad accessories, thi rd-party iPad compatible accessories are available through the Company’ s online and retail 
stores and from third parties.  
Mac  
The Company offers a range of personal computing pr oducts including desktop and portable computers, re lated devices and peripherals, and 
third-party hardware products. The Company’ s Mac desktop and portable systems feature Intel mi croprocessors, the OS X operating system and 
the iLife suite of software for creation and manage ment of digital photography, music, movies, DVDs an d websites.  
The Company’s desktop computers include iMac , Mac Pro and Mac mini. The Company’s portable computers include MacBook Pro and 
MacBook Air .  
iPod  
The Company’s iPod line of portable digital music a nd media players includes iPod touch, iPod nano , i Pod shuffle and iPod classic . All 
iPods work with iTunes. In addition to the Company’ s own iPod accessories, third-party iPod- compatible accessories are available through the 
Company’s online and retail stores and from third p arties.  
The iPod touch, based on iOS, is a flash-memory-bas ed iPod with a widescreen Retina™ display, a Multi- Touch user interface, and built- in 
iSight camera. iPod touch allows customers to access the i Tunes Store to download audio and video content, as  well as a variety of digital 
applications. The iPod nano is a flash-memory-based  iPod that features the Company’s Multi- Touch interface allowing customers to navigate 
their music collection by tapping or swiping the di splay and built-in Bluetooth for wireless listening . The iPod shuffle is a flash-memory-  
   
3  ® 
® ® ® 
® 
® ® ® 
® Table of Contents  
based iPod that features a clickable control pad to  control music playback and VoiceOver technology en abling customers to hear song titles, 
artists and playlist names. The iPod classic is a h ard-drive based portable digital music and video pl ayer.  
iTunes 
iTunes is an application that supports the purchase , download, organization and playback of digital au dio and video files and is available for both 
Mac and Windows-based computers. iTunes features in tegration with iCloud, AirPlay wireless music playback, Genius Mixes, Home Sharing , 
and syncing functionality with iOS devices .  
iTunes is integrated with the iTunes Store, a servi ce that allows customers to discover, purchase, ren t, and download digital content and 
applications. The iTunes Store includes the App Sto re and iBookstore. The App Store allows customers t o discover and download applications, 
and the iBookstore features electronic books from m ajor and independent publishers and allows customer s to preview and buy books for their 
iOS devices. Customers can access the App Store thr ough either a Mac or Windows- based computer or through an iOS device. The iBooks tore is 
accessed through the iBooks application on an iOS d evice.  
Mac App Store  
The Mac App Store allows customers to discover, dow nload and install Mac applications. The Mac App Sto re offers applications in education, 
games, graphics and design, lifestyle, productivity , utilities and other categories. The Company’ s OS X operating system software and its iLife, 
iWork and other application software titles are als o available on the Mac App Store.  
iCloud  
iCloud is the Company’ s cloud service, which stores music, photos, applic ations, contacts, calendars, and documents and wire lessly pushes them 
to multiple iOS devices, Mac and Windows-based comp uters. iCloud’ s features include iTunes in the Cloud, Photo Strea m, Documents in the 
Cloud, Contacts, Calendar, Mail, automatic download s and purchase history for applications and iBooks,  and iCloud Backup. Users can sign up 
for free access to iCloud using a device running qu alifying versions of iOS or OS X.  
Software Products  
The Company offers a range of software products for  consumers and for SMB, education, enterprise and g overnment customers, including the 
Company’ s iOS and OS X operating system software; server so ftware; professional application software; and cons umer, education, and business 
oriented application software.  
Operating System Software  
iOS  
iOS is the Company’ s mobile operating system that serves as the founda tion for iOS devices. In September 2012, the Compan y released iOS 6, 
the latest version of its mobile operating system. iOS supports iCloud and includes features such as N otification Center, a way to view and 
manage notifications in one place; iMessage™, a mes saging service that allows users to send text messa ges, photos and videos between iOS 
devices; and Maps, with turn-by-turn navigation. iO S supports Siri , a voice activated intelligent assistant, which is a vailable on qualifying iOS 
devices.  
   
4  ®  
® 
® 
® 
® Table of Contents  
OS X  
OS X, the Company’s Mac operating system, is built on an open-source UNIX- based foundation. OS X Mountain Lion is the ninth m ajor release 
of OS X and became available in July 2012. OS X Mou ntain Lion includes iCloud integration, Notificatio n Center, iMessage, and system- wide 
support for full screen applications.  
Application Software  
iLife  
iLife is the Company’s consumer-oriented digital li festyle application suite included with all Mac com puters. iLife features iPhoto , iMovie , 
iDVD , GarageBand , and iWeb™. iPhoto is the Compan y’s consumer-oriented digital photo application and  iMovie is the Company’ s 
consumer-oriented digital video editing software ap plication. iDVD is the Company’s consumer- oriented software application that enables 
customers to turn iMovie files, QuickTime files, an d digital pictures into interactive DVDs. GarageBan d is the Company’s consumer- oriented 
music creation application that allows customers to  play, record and create music. iWeb allows custome rs to create online photo albums, blogs 
and podcasts, and to customize websites using editi ng tools.  
iWork  
iWork is the Company’ s integrated productivity suite designed to help us ers create, present, and publish documents, present ations, and 
spreadsheets. iWork includes Pages for word process ing and page layout, Keynote for presentations, and  Numbers for spreadsheets. The 
Company also has a Multi-Touch version of each iWor k application designed specifically for use on iOS devices.  
Other Application Software  
The Company also sells various other application so ftware, including Final Cut Pro , Logic Studio , Logic Pro, and its FileMaker Pro 
database software.  
Displays & Peripheral Products  
The Company manufactures the Apple LED Cinema Displ ay™ and Thunderbolt Display. The Company also sells  a variety of Apple- branded 
and third-party Mac-compatible and iOS- compatible peripheral products, including printers,  storage devices, computer memory, digital video 
and still cameras, and various other computing prod ucts and supplies.  
Apple TV  
Apple TV allows customers to watch movies and telev ision shows on their high definition television. Co ntent from iTunes, Netflix, YouTube, 
and Flickr as well as music, photos, videos, and po dcasts from a Mac or Windows- based computer can also be wirelessly streamed to a  
television through Apple TV.  
Product Support and Services  
AppleCare offers a range of support options for the  Company’ s customers. These include assistance that is built  into software products, printed 
and electronic product manuals, online support incl uding comprehensive product information as well as technical assistance, the AppleCare 
Protection Plan (“APP”) and the AppleCare+ Protecti on Plan (“APP+”). APP is a fee- based service that typically includes two to three years of 
phone support, hardware repairs and dedicated web-b ased support resources. APP+ is a fee- based service available in certain countries for 
iPhone and iPad. APP+ offers coverage for two insta nces of accidental damage in addition to the servic es offered by APP.  
   
5  ® ® 
® ® 
® ® ® 
® ® ® ® 
® Table of Contents  
Markets and Distribution  
The Company’ s customers are primarily in the consumer, SMB, edu cation, enterprise and government markets. The Comp any uses a variety of 
direct and indirect distribution channels, such as its retail stores, online stores, and direct sales force, and third- party cellular network carriers, 
wholesalers, retailers, and value- added resellers. The Company believes that sales of  its innovative and differentiated products are enh anced by 
knowledgeable salespersons who can convey the value  of the hardware and software integration, and demo nstrate the unique solutions that are 
available on its products. The Company further beli eves providing direct contact with its targeted cus tomers is an effective way to demonstrate 
the advantages of its products over those of its co mpetitors and providing a high-quality sales and af ter-sales support experience is critical to 
attracting new and retaining existing customers. To  ensure a high- quality buying experience for its products in which  service and education are 
emphasized, the Company continues to expand and imp rove its distribution capabilities by expanding the  number of its own retail stores 
worldwide. Additionally, the Company has invested i n programs to enhance reseller sales by placing hig h quality Apple fixtures, merchandising 
materials and other resources within selected third -party reseller locations. Through the Apple Premiu m Reseller Program, certain third- party 
resellers focus on the Apple platform by providing a high level of integration and support services, a nd product expertise.  
No single customer accounted for more than 10% of n et sales in 2012, 2011 or 2010.  
Competition  
The markets for the Company’ s products and services are highly competitive and the Company is confronted by aggressive competition  in all 
areas of its business. These markets are characteri zed by frequent product introductions and rapid tec hnological advances that have substantially 
increased the capabilities and use of mobile commun ication and media devices, personal computers, and other digital electronic devices. The 
Company’ s competitors who sell mobile devices and personal computers based on other operating systems have agg ressively cut prices and 
lowered their product margins to gain or maintain m arket share. The Company’ s financial condition and operating results can be adversely 
affected by these and other industry- wide downward pressures on gross margins. Principal  competitive factors important to the Company inclu de 
price, product features, relative price/performance , product quality and reliability, design innovatio n, a strong third- party software and 
peripherals ecosystem, marketing and distribution c apability, service and support, and corporate reput ation.  
The Company is focused on expanding its market oppo rtunities related to personal computers and mobile communication and media devices. 
These markets are highly competitive and include se veral large, well- funded and experienced participants. The Company ex pects competition in 
these markets to intensify significantly as competi tors attempt to imitate some of the features of the  Company’ s products and applications within 
their own products or, alternatively, collaborate w ith each other to offer solutions that are more com petitive than those they currently offer. 
These markets are characterized by aggressive prici ng practices, frequent product introductions, evolv ing design approaches and technologies, 
rapid adoption of technological and product advance ments by competitors, and price sensitivity on the part of consumers and businesses.  
The Company’ s digital content services have faced significant c ompetition from other companies promoting their own  digital music and content 
products and services, including those offering fre e peer-to-peer music and video services.  
The Company’s future financial condition and operat ing results depend on the Company’ s ability to continue to develop and offer new 
innovative products and services in each of the mar kets in which it competes. The Company believes it offers superior innovation and integration 
of the entire solution including the hardware (iPho ne, iPad, Mac, and iPod), software (iTunes), online  services (iCloud), and distribution of 
digital content and applications (iTunes Store, App  Store, iBookstore and Mac App Store). Some of the Company’ s current and potential 
competitors have substantial resources and may be a ble to provide such products and services at little  or no profit or even at a loss to compete 
with the Company’s offerings.  
   
6  Table of Contents  
Supply of Components  
Although most components essential to the Company’ s business are generally available from multiple so urces, a number of components are 
currently obtained from single or limited sources, which subjects the Company to significant supply an d pricing risks. Many components, 
including those that are available from multiple so urces, are at times subject to industry- wide shortages and significant commodity pricing 
fluctuations. In addition, the Company has entered into various agreements for the supply of component s; however, there can be no guarantee 
that the Company will be able to extend or renew th ese agreements on similar terms, or at all. Therefo re, the Company remains subject to 
significant risks of supply shortages and price inc reases that can materially adversely affect its fin ancial condition and operating results.  
The Company and other participants in the markets f or mobile communication and media devices and perso nal computers also compete for 
various components with other industries that have experienced increased demand for their products. Th e Company also uses some custom 
components that are not common to the rest of these  industries, and new products introduced by the Com pany often utilize custom components 
available from only one source. When a component or  product uses new technologies, initial capacity co nstraints may exist until the suppliers’
yields have matured or manufacturing capacity has i ncreased. If the Company ’s supply of components for a new or existing produc t were 
delayed or constrained, or if an outsourcing partne r delayed shipments of completed products to the Co mpany, the Company’ s financial 
condition and operating results could be materially  adversely affected. The Company’ s business and financial performance could also be 
materially adversely affected depending on the time  required to obtain sufficient quantities from the original source, or to identify and obtain 
sufficient quantities from an alternative source. C ontinued availability of these components at accept able prices, or at all, may be affected if 
those suppliers concentrated on the production of c ommon components instead of components customized t o meet the Company’s requirements.  
Substantially all of the Company’ s hardware products are manufactured by outsourcing  partners that are located primarily in Asia. A sig nificant 
concentration of this manufacturing is currently pe rformed by a small number of outsourcing partners, often in single locations. Certain of these 
outsourcing partners are the sole-sourced suppliers  of components and manufacturers for many of the Co mpany’s products. Although the 
Company works closely with its outsourcing partners  on manufacturing schedules, the Company’ s operating results could be adversely affected 
if its outsourcing partners were unable to meet the ir production commitments. The Company’ s purchase commitments typically cover its 
requirements for periods up to 150 days.  
Research and Development  
Because the industries in which the Company compete s are characterized by rapid technological advances , the Company’ s ability to compete 
successfully depends heavily upon its ability to en sure a continual and timely flow of competitive pro ducts, services and technologies to the 
marketplace. The Company continues to develop new t echnologies to enhance existing products and to exp and the range of its product offerings 
through research and development, licensing of inte llectual property and acquisition of third- party businesses and technology. Total research and  
development expense was $3.4 billion, $2.4 billion,  and $1.8 billion in 2012, 2011, and 2010, respecti vely.  
Patents, Trademarks, Copyrights and Licenses  
The Company currently holds rights to patents and c opyrights relating to certain aspects of its iPhone , iPad, Mac and iPod devices, peripherals, 
software and services. The Company has registered o r has applied for trademarks and service marks in t he U.S. and a number of foreign 
countries. Although the Company believes the owners hip of such patents, copyrights, trademarks and ser vice marks is an important factor in its 
business and that its success does depend in part o n the ownership thereof, the Company relies primari ly on the innovative skills, technical 
competence and marketing abilities of its personnel .  
The Company regularly files patent applications to protect innovations arising from its research, deve lopment and design, and is currently 
pursuing thousands of patent applications around th e world. Over time, the Company  
   
7  Table of Contents  
has accumulated a large portfolio of issued patents  in the U.S. and worldwide. The Company holds copyr ights relating to certain aspects of its 
products and services. No single patent or copyrigh t is solely responsible for protecting the Company’ s products. The Company believes the 
duration of its patents is adequate relative to the  expected lives of its products.  
Many of the Company’ s products are designed to include intellectual pro perty obtained from third parties. It may be necess ary in the future to 
seek or renew licenses relating to various aspects of its products and business methods. While the Com pany has generally been able to obtain 
such licenses on commercially reasonable terms in t he past, there is no guarantee that such licenses c ould be obtained in the future on reasonable 
terms or at all. Because of technological changes i n the industries in which the Company competes, cur rent extensive patent coverage, and the 
rapid rate of issuance of new patents, it is possib le that certain components of the Company’ s products and business methods may unknowingly 
infringe existing patents or intellectual property rights of others. From time to time, the Company ha s been notified that it may be infringing 
certain patents or other intellectual property righ ts of third parties.  
Foreign and Domestic Operations and Geographic Data   
During 2012, the Company’ s domestic and international net sales accounted fo r 39% and 61%, respectively, of total net sales. In formation 
regarding financial data by geographic segment is s et forth in Part II, Item 7 of this Form 10-K under  the subheading “ Segment Operating 
Performance,” and in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 1 0-K in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statemen ts in Note 8, “ Segment Information and 
Geographic Data.”  
Final assembly of the Company’s products is current ly performed in the Company’ s manufacturing facility in Ireland, and by outsour cing 
partners located primarily in Asia. The supply and manufacture of a number of components is performed by sole-sourced outsourcing partners in 
the U.S., Asia and Europe. Outsourcing partners in Asia perform final assembly of substantially all of  the Company’ s hardware products. 
Margins on sales of the Company’ s products in foreign countries, and on sales of pr oducts that include components obtained from foreig n 
suppliers, can be adversely affected by foreign cur rency exchange rate fluctuations and by internation al trade regulations, including tariffs and 
antidumping penalties. Information regarding concen tration in the available sources of supply of mater ials and products is set forth in Part II, 
Item 8 of this Form 10-K in the Notes to Consolidat ed Financial Statements in Note 7, “Commitments and  Contingencies.”  
Seasonal Business  
The Company has historically experienced higher net  sales in its first fiscal quarter compared to othe r quarters in its fiscal year due in part to 
holiday seasonal demand. Actual and anticipated tim ing of new product introductions by the Company can  also significantly impact the level of 
net sales experienced by the Company in any particu lar quarter. However, neither historical seasonal p atterns nor historical patterns of product 
introductions should be considered reliable indicat ors of the Company’s future net sales or financial performance.  
Warranty  
The Company offers a limited parts and labor warran ty on most of its hardware products. The basic warr anty period is typically one year from 
the date of purchase by the original end-user. The Company also offers a 90-day basic warranty for its  service parts used to repair the Company’ s 
hardware products. In addition, where available, co nsumers may purchase APP or APP+, which extends ser vice coverage on many of the 
Company’s hardware products.  
Backlog  
In the Company’ s experience, the actual amount of product backlog at any particular time is not a meaningful indicati on of its future business 
prospects. In particular, backlog often increases i n anticipation of or immediately  
   
8  Table of Contents  
following new product introductions as customers an ticipate shortages. Backlog is often reduced once c ustomers believe they can obtain 
sufficient supply. Because of the foregoing, backlo g should not be considered a reliable indicator of the Company’ s ability to achieve any 
particular level of revenue or financial performanc e.  
Employees  
As of September 29, 2012, the Company had approxima tely 72,800 full-time equivalent employees and an a dditional 3,300 full- time equivalent 
temporary employees and contractors. Approximately 42,400 of the total full-time equivalent employees worked in the Company’ s Retail 
segment.  
Available Information  
The Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly  Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8- K, and amendments to reports filed 
pursuant to Sections 13(a) and 15(d) of the Securit ies Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange  Act”), are filed with the U.S. Securities 
and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”). The Company is subject to the informational require ments of the Exchange Act and files or furnishes 
reports, proxy statements, and other information wi th the SEC. Such reports and other information file d by the Company with the SEC are 
available free of charge on the Company’s website a t www.apple.com/investor when such reports are avai lable on the SEC’ s website. The public 
may read and copy any materials filed by the Compan y with the SEC at the SEC’ s Public Reference Room at 100 F Street, NE, Room 1 580, 
Washington, DC 20549. The public may obtain informa tion on the operation of the Public Reference Room by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-
0330. The SEC maintains an Internet site that conta ins reports, proxy and information statements and o ther information regarding issuers that file 
electronically with the SEC at www.sec.gov. The con tents of these websites are not incorporated into t his filing. Further, the Company’ s 
references to the URLs for these websites are inten ded to be inactive textual references only.  
   
Because of the following factors, as well as other factors affecting the Company’ s financial condition and operating results, past f inancial 
performance should not be considered to be a reliab le indicator of future performance, and investors s hould not use historical trends to anticipate 
results or trends in future periods.  
Global economic conditions could materially adverse ly affect the Company.  
The Company’ s operations and performance depend significantly o n worldwide economic conditions. Uncertainty about global economic 
conditions poses a risk as consumers and businesses  postpone spending in response to tighter credit, u nemployment, negative financial news 
and/or declines in income or asset values. For exam ple, the continuing sovereign debt crisis, financia l market volatility, and other factors in 
Europe have resulted in reduced consumer and busine ss confidence and spending in many countries. These  worldwide and regional economic 
conditions could have a material adverse effect on demand for the Company’ s products and services. Demand also could differ m aterially from 
the Company’ s expectations because the Company generally raises  prices on goods and services sold outside the U.S.  to correspond with the 
effect of a strengthening of the U.S. dollar. Other  factors that could influence demand include increa ses in fuel and other energy costs, conditions 
in the real estate and mortgage markets, unemployme nt, labor and healthcare costs, access to credit, c onsumer confidence, and other 
macroeconomic factors affecting consumer spending b ehavior. These and other economic factors could mat erially adversely affect demand for 
the Company’s products and services.  
In the event of financial turmoil affecting the ban king system and financial markets, additional conso lidation of the financial services industry, or 
significant financial service institution failures,  there could be a new or incremental tightening in the credit markets, low liquidity, and extreme 
volatility in fixed income, credit, currency, and e quity markets. This could have a number of effects on the Company’ s business, including the 
insolvency or financial instability of outsourcing partners or suppliers or their inability to obtain credit to finance  
   
9  Item 1A. Risk Factors Table of Contents  
development and/or manufacture products resulting i n product delays; inability of customers, including  channel partners, to obtain credit to 
finance purchases of the Company’ s products; and failure of derivative counterpartie s and other financial institutions. Other income an d expense 
also could vary materially from expectations depend ing on gains or losses realized on the sale or exch ange of financial instruments; impairment 
charges resulting from revaluations of debt and equ ity securities and other investments; interest rate s; cash balances; and changes in fair value of 
derivative instruments. Increased volatility in the  financial markets and overall economic uncertainty  would increase the risk of the actual 
amounts realized in the future on the Company’s fin ancial instruments differing significantly from the  fair values currently assigned to them.  
Global markets for the Company’ s products and services are highly competitive and subject to rapid technological change, and the Comp any 
may be unable to compete effectively in these marke ts.  
The Company’ s products and services compete in highly competiti ve global markets characterized by aggressive price  cutting and resulting 
downward pressure on gross margins, frequent introd uction of new products, short product life cycles, evolving industry standards, continual 
improvement in product price/performance characteri stics, rapid adoption of technological and product advancements by competitors, and price 
sensitivity on the part of consumers.  
The Company’ s ability to compete successfully depends heavily o n its ability to ensure a continuing and timely int roduction of innovative new 
products and technologies to the marketplace. The C ompany believes it is unique in that it designs and  develops nearly the entire solution for its 
products, including the hardware, operating system,  numerous software applications, and related servic es. As a result, the Company must make 
significant investments in research and development  and currently holds a significant number of patent s and copyrights and has registered and/or 
has applied to register numerous patents, trademark s and service marks. In contrast, many of the Compa ny’s competitors seek to compete 
primarily through aggressive pricing and very low c ost structures, and emulating the Company’ s products and infringing its intellectual property . 
If the Company is unable to continue to develop and  sell innovative new products with attractive margi ns or if competitors infringe on the 
Company’s intellectual property, the Company’s abil ity to maintain a competitive advantage could be ad versely affected.  
The Company markets certain mobile communication an d media devices based on the iOS mobile operating s ystem and also markets related 
third-party digital content and applications. The Company  faces substantial competition in these markets fro m companies that have significant 
technical, marketing, distribution and other resour ces, as well as established hardware, software and digital content supplier relationships. 
Additionally, the Company faces significant price c ompetition as competitors reduce their selling pric es and attempt to imitate the Company’ s 
product features and applications within their own products or, alternatively, collaborate with each o ther to offer solutions that are more 
competitive than those they currently offer. The Co mpany also competes with illegitimate ways to obtai n third-party digital content and 
applications. The Company has entered the mobile co mmunications and media device markets, and some of its competitors in these markets 
have greater experience, product breadth and distri bution channels than the Company. Because some curr ent and potential competitors have 
substantial resources and/or experience and a lower  cost structure, they may be able to provide such p roducts and services at little or no profit or 
even at a loss. The Company also expects competitio n to intensify as competitors attempt to imitate th e Company’ s approach to providing these 
components seamlessly within their individual offer ings or work collaboratively to offer integrated so lutions. The Company’ s financial condition 
and operating results depend substantially on the C ompany’s ability to continually improve iOS and iOS device s in order to maintain their 
functional and design advantages.  
The Company is the only authorized maker of hardwar e using OS X, which has a minority market share in the personal computer market. This 
market is dominated by computer makers using compet ing operating systems, most notably Windows. In the  market for personal computers and 
peripherals, the Company faces a significant number  of competitors, many of which have broader product  lines, lower priced products, and a 
larger installed customer base. Historically, conso lidation in this market has resulted in larger comp etitors. Price competition has  
   
10  Table of Contents  
been particularly intense as competitors selling Wi ndows-based personal computers have aggressively cut pric es and lowered product margins. 
An increasing number of Internet- enabled devices that include software applications and are smaller and simpler than traditional person al 
computers compete for market share with the Company ’s existing products. The Company’ s financial condition and operating results depend 
substantially on its ability to continually improve  the Mac platform to maintain its functional and de sign advantages.  
There can be no assurance the Company will be able to continue to provide products and services that c ompete effectively.  
To remain competitive and stimulate customer demand , the Company must successfully manage frequent pro duct introductions and transitions.  
Due to the highly volatile and competitive nature o f the industries in which the Company competes, the  Company must continually introduce 
new products, services and technologies, enhance ex isting products and services, and effectively stimu late customer demand for new and 
upgraded products. The success of new product intro ductions depends on a number of factors including, but not limited to, timely and successful 
product development, market acceptance, the Company ’s ability to manage the risks associated with new product production ramp- up issues, the 
availability of application software for new produc ts, the effective management of purchase commitment s and inventory levels in line with 
anticipated product demand, the availability of pro ducts in appropriate quantities and costs to meet a nticipated demand, and the risk that new 
products may have quality or other defects in the e arly stages of introduction. Accordingly, the Compa ny cannot determine in advance the 
ultimate effect of new product introductions and tr ansitions.  
The Company faces substantial inventory and other a sset risk in addition to purchase commitment cancel lation risk.  
The Company records a write- down for product and component inventories that hav e become obsolete or exceed anticipated demand or n et 
realizable value and accrues necessary cancellation  fee reserves for orders of excess products and com ponents. The Company also reviews its 
long-lived assets, including capital assets held at  its suppliers’ facilities, for impairment whenever events or circu mstances indicate the carrying 
amount of an asset may not be recoverable. If the C ompany determines that impairment has occurred, it records a write- down equal to the 
amount by which the carrying value of the assets ex ceeds its fair market value. Although the Company b elieves its provisions related to 
inventory, capital assets, other assets and purchas e commitments are currently adequate, no assurance can be given that the Company will not 
incur additional related charges given the rapid an d unpredictable pace of product obsolescence in the  industries in which the Company 
competes.  
The Company must order components for its products and build inventory in advance of product announcem ents and shipments. Consistent with 
industry practice, components are normally acquired  through a combination of purchase orders, supplier  contracts, open orders and, where 
appropriate, inventory component prepayments, in ea ch case based on projected demand. Such purchase co mmitments typically cover forecasted 
component and manufacturing requirements for period s up to 150 days. Because the Company’ s markets are volatile, competitive and subject to 
rapid technology and price changes, there is a risk  the Company will forecast incorrectly and order or  produce excess or insufficient amounts of 
components or products, or not fully utilize firm p urchase commitments.  
Future operating results depend upon the Company ’s ability to obtain components in sufficient quant ities.  
Because the Company currently obtains components fr om single or limited sources, the Company is subjec t to significant supply and pricing 
risks. Many components, including those that are av ailable from multiple sources, are at times subject  to industry- wide shortages and significant 
commodity pricing fluctuations. While the Company h as entered into various agreements for the supply o f components, there can be no 
assurance that the Company will be able to extend o r renew these agreements on similar terms, or at al l. The follow-on effects from  
   
11  Table of Contents  
global economic conditions on the Company’s supplie rs, described in “ Global economic conditions could materially adverse ly affect the 
Company” above, also could affect the Company’s ability to o btain components . Therefore, the Company remains subject to significa nt risks of 
supply shortages and price increases. The Company e xpects to experience decreases in its gross margin percentage in future periods, as 
compared to levels achieved during 2012, largely du e to a higher mix of new and innovative products wi th flat or reduced pricing that have 
higher cost structures and deliver greater value to  customers and anticipated component cost and other  cost increases. Future strengthening of the 
U.S. dollar could also negatively impact gross marg in.  
The Company and other participants in the markets f or mobile communication and media devices and perso nal computers also compete for 
various components with other industries that have experienced increased demand for their products. Th e Company uses some custom 
components that are not common to the rest of these  industries. The Company’ s new products often utilize custom components avai lable from 
only one source. When a component or product uses n ew technologies, initial capacity constraints may e xist until the suppliers’ yields have 
matured or manufacturing capacity has increased. Co ntinued availability of these components at accepta ble prices, or at all, may be affected if 
those suppliers decided to concentrate on the produ ction of common components instead of components cu stomized to meet the Company’ s 
requirements. The supply of components for a new or  existing product could be delayed or constrained, or a key manufacturing vendor could 
delay shipments of completed products to the Compan y.  
The Company depends on component and product manufa cturing and logistical services provided by outsour cing partners, many of whom are 
located outside of the U.S.  
Substantially all of the Company’s manufacturing is  performed in whole or in part by a few outsourcing  partners located primarily in Asia. The 
Company has also outsourced much of its transportat ion and logistics management. While these arrangeme nts may lower operating costs, they 
also reduce the Company’ s direct control over production and distribution. It is uncertain what effect such diminished control  will have on the 
quality or quantity of products or services, or the  Company’ s flexibility to respond to changing conditions. Al though arrangements with these 
partners may contain provisions for warranty expens e reimbursement, the Company may remain responsible  to the consumer for warranty 
service in the event of product defects and could e xperience an unanticipated product defect or warran ty liability. While the Company relies on 
its partners to adhere to its supplier code of cond uct, material violations of the supplier code of co nduct could occur.  
The supply and manufacture of many critical compone nts is performed by sole- sourced outsourcing partners in the U.S., Asia and Europe. 
Outsourcing partners in Asia perform final assembly  of substantially all of the Company’ s hardware products. Manufacturing or logistics in 
these locations or transit to final destinations ma y be disrupted for a variety of reasons including, but not limited to, natural and man- made 
disasters, information technology system failures, military actions or economic, business, labor, envi ronmental, public health, or political issues.  
The Company relies on third- party intellectual property and digital content, wh ich may not be available to the Company on commerci ally 
reasonable terms or at all.  
Many of the Company’s products include third- party intellectual property, which requires license s from those third parties. Based on past 
experience and industry practice, the Company belie ves such licenses generally can be obtained on reas onable terms. There is, however, no 
assurance that the necessary licenses can be obtain ed on acceptable terms or at all.  
The Company also contracts with third parties to of fer their digital content through the iTunes Store.  The licensing arrangements with these third 
parties are short-term and do not guarantee the con tinuation or renewal of these arrangements on reaso nable terms, if at all. Some third- party 
content providers and distributors currently or in the future may offer competing products and service s, and could take action to make it more 
difficult or impossible for the Company to license their content in the future. Other content owners, providers or distributors  
   
12  Table of Contents  
may seek to limit the Company’ s access to, or increase the cost of, such content.  The Company may be unable to continue to offer a w ide variety 
of content at reasonable prices with acceptable usa ge rules, or continue to expand its geographic reac h.  
Many third- party content providers require the Company to prov ide digital rights management and other security so lutions. If requirements 
change, the Company may have to develop or license new technology to provide these solutions. There is  no assurance the Company will be able 
to develop or license such solutions at a reasonabl e cost and in a timely manner. In addition, certain  countries have passed or may propose and 
adopt legislation that would force the Company to l icense its digital rights management, which could l essen the protection of content and subject 
it to piracy and also could negatively affect arran gements with the Company’s content providers.  
The Company is frequently involved in intellectual property litigation, and could be found to have inf ringed on intellectual property rights.  
Technology companies, including many of the Company ’s competitors, frequently enter into litigation bas ed on allegations of patent 
infringement or other violations of intellectual pr operty rights. In addition, patent holding companie s seek to monetize patents they have 
purchased or otherwise obtained. As the Company has  grown, the intellectual property rights claims aga inst it have increased and may continue 
to increase. In particular, the Company’ s cellular enabled products compete with mobile com munication and media device companies that hold 
significant patent portfolios, and the number of pa tent claims against the Company has significantly i ncreased. The Company is vigorously 
defending infringement actions in courts in a numbe r of U.S. jurisdictions and before the U.S. Interna tional Trade Commission, as well as 
internationally in Europe and Asia. The plaintiffs in these actions frequently seek injunctions and su bstantial damages.  
Regardless of the scope or validity of such patents  or other intellectual property rights, or the meri ts of any claims by potential or actual litigants, 
the Company may have to engage in protracted litiga tion. Such litigation is often expensive, time-cons uming, disruptive to the Company’ s 
operations, and distracting to management. If the C ompany is found to infringe one or more patents or other intellectual property rights, 
regardless of whether it can develop non-infringing  technology, it may be required to pay substantial damages or royalties to a third- party, or it 
may be subject to a temporary or permanent injuncti on prohibiting the Company from marketing or sellin g certain products.  
In certain cases, the Company may consider the desi rability of entering into licensing agreements, alt hough no assurance can be given that such 
licenses can be obtained on acceptable terms or tha t litigation will not occur. These licenses may als o significantly increase the Company’ s 
operating expenses.  
In management’ s opinion, there is not at least a reasonable possi bility the Company may have incurred a material los s, or a material loss in 
excess of a recorded accrual, with respect to loss contingencies, including matters related to infring ement of intellectual property rights. 
However, the outcome of litigation is inherently un certain. Therefore, although management considers t he likelihood of such an outcome to be 
remote, if one or more of these legal matters were resolved against the Company in a reporting period for amounts in excess of management’ s 
expectations, the Company’s consolidated financial statements for that reporting period could be mater ially adversely affected.  
The Company’s future performance depends in part on  support from third-party software developers.  
The Company believes decisions by customers to purc hase its hardware products depend in part on the av ailability of third- party software 
applications and services. There is no assurance th at third-party developers will continue to develop and maint ain software applications and 
services for the Company’s products. If third-party  software applications and services cease to be dev eloped and maintained for the Company’ s 
products, customers may choose not to buy the Compa ny’s products.  
   
13  Table of Contents  
With respect to its Mac products, the Company belie ves the availability of third- party software applications and services depends in  part on the 
developers’ perception and analysis of the relative  benefits of developing, maintaining, and upgrading  such software for the Company’ s products 
compared to Windows- based products. This analysis may be based on facto rs such as the market position of the Company and i ts products, the 
anticipated revenue that may be generated, continue d growth of Mac sales, and the costs of developing such applications and services. If the 
Company’s minority share of the global personal com puter market causes developers to question the Comp any’s prospects, developers could be 
less inclined to develop or upgrade software for th e Company’ s products and more inclined to devote their resour ces to developing and 
upgrading software for the larger Windows market.  
With respect to iOS devices, the Company relies on the continued availability and development of compe lling and innovative software 
applications, which are distributed through a singl e distribution channel, the App Store. The absence of multiple distribution channels, which are 
available for competing platforms, may limit the av ailability and acceptance of third-party applicatio ns by the Company’ s customers, thereby 
causing developers to reduce or curtail development  for the iOS platform. In addition, iOS devices are  subject to rapid technological change, 
and, if third-party developers are unable to or cho ose not to keep up with this pace of change, third- party applications might not successfully 
operate and may result in dissatisfied customers. A s with applications for the Company’ s Mac products, the availability and development of  
these applications also depend on developers’ perce ptions and analysis of the relative benefits of dev eloping software for the Company’ s 
products rather than its competitors’ platforms, such as Android. If developers focus the ir efforts on these competing platforms, the availa bility 
and quality of applications for the Company’s iOS d evices may suffer.  
The Company depends on the performance of distribut ors, carriers and other resellers.  
The Company distributes its products through cellul ar network carriers, wholesalers, national and regi onal retailers, and value- added resellers, 
many of whom distribute products from competing man ufacturers. The Company also sells its products and  third-party products in most of its 
major markets directly to education, enterprise and  government customers, and consumers and small and mid-sized businesses through its online 
and retail stores.  
Carriers providing cellular network service for iPh one typically subsidize users’ purchase of the device. There is no assurance that such subsidies 
will be continued at all or in the same amounts upo n renewal of the Company’ s agreements with these carriers or in agreements t he Company 
enters into with new carriers.  
Many resellers have narrow operating margins and ha ve been adversely affected in the past by weak econ omic conditions. Some resellers have 
perceived the expansion of the Company’s direct sal es as conflicting with their business interests as distributors and resellers of the Company’ s 
products. Such a perception could discourage resell ers from investing resources in the distribution an d sale of the Company’ s products or lead 
them to limit or cease distribution of those produc ts. The Company has invested and will continue to i nvest in programs to enhance reseller sales, 
including staffing selected resellers’ stores with Company employees and contractors and i mproving product placement displays. These 
programs could require a substantial investment whi le providing no assurance of return or incremental revenue. The financial condition of these 
resellers could weaken, these resellers could stop distributing the Company’s products, or uncertainty  regarding demand for the Company’ s 
products could cause resellers to reduce their orde ring and marketing of the Company’s products.  
The Company’ s Retail segment has required and will continue to require a substantial investment and commitment of resources and is subject to 
numerous risks and uncertainties.  
The Company’ s retail stores have required substantial fixed inv estment in equipment and leasehold improvements, in formation systems, 
inventory and personnel. The Company also has enter ed into substantial operating lease commitments for  retail space. Certain stores have been 
designed and built to serve as high- profile venues to promote brand awareness and serve  as vehicles for corporate sales and marketing acti vities. 
Because of their unique design elements, locations and size, these stores require substantially more i nvestment than the  
   
14  Table of Contents  
Company’ s more typical retail stores. Due to the high fixed  cost structure associated with the Retail segment,  a decline in sales or the closure or 
poor performance of individual or multiple stores c ould result in significant lease termination costs,  write-offs of equipment and leasehold 
improvements, and severance costs.  
Many factors unique to retail operations, some of w hich are beyond the Company’ s control, pose risks and uncertainties. These risk s and 
uncertainties include, but are not limited to, macr o-economic factors that could have an adverse effect on general retail activity, as well as the 
Company’ s inability to manage costs associated with store c onstruction and operation, failure to manage relati onships with its existing retail 
channel partners, more challenging environments in managing retail operations outside the U.S., costs associated with unanticipated fluctuations 
in the value of retail inventory, and inability to obtain and renew leases in quality retail locations  at a reasonable cost.  
Investment in new business strategies and acquisiti ons could disrupt the Company ’s ongoing business and present risks not originally  
contemplated.  
The Company has invested, and in the future may inv est, in new business strategies or acquisitions. Su ch endeavors may involve significant risks 
and uncertainties, including distraction of managem ent from current operations, greater than expected liabilities and expenses, inadequate return 
of capital, and unidentified issues not discovered in the Company’ s due diligence. These new ventures are inherently risky and may not be 
successful.  
The Company’ s products and services may experience quality prob lems from time to time that can result in decreased  sales and operating 
margin.  
The Company sells complex hardware and software pro ducts and services that can contain design and manu facturing defects. Sophisticated 
operating system software and applications, such as  those sold by the Company, often contain “bugs” that can unexpectedly interfere with the 
software’s intended operation. The Company’ s online services may from time to time experience outages, service slowdowns, or errors. Defects 
may also occur in components and products the Compa ny purchases from third parties. There can be no as surance the Company will be able to 
detect and fix all defects in the hardware, softwar e and services it sells. Failure to do so could res ult in lost revenue, significant warranty and 
other expenses, and harm to the Company’s reputatio n.  
The Company is subject to laws and regulations worl dwide, changes to which could increase the Company’ s costs and individually or in the 
aggregate adversely affect the Company’s business.  
The Company is subject to laws and regulations affe cting its domestic and international operations in a number of areas. These U.S. and foreign 
laws and regulations affect the Company’ s activities including, but not limited to, areas o f labor, advertising, digital content, consumer 
protection, real estate, billing, e- commerce, promotions, quality of services, telecomm unications, mobile communications and media, televi sion, 
intellectual property ownership and infringement, t ax, import and export requirements, anti- corruption, foreign exchange controls and cash 
repatriation restrictions, data privacy requirement s, anti-competition, environmental, health, and saf ety.  
By way of example, laws and regulations related to mobile communications and media devices in the many  jurisdictions in which the Company 
operates are extensive and subject to change. Such changes could include, among others, restrictions o n the production, manufacture, 
distribution, and use of the device, locking the de vice to a carrier’s network, or mandating the use o f the device on more than one carrier’ s 
network. These devices are also subject to certific ation and regulation by governmental and standardiz ation bodies, as well as by cellular 
network carriers for use on their networks. These c ertification processes are extensive and time consu ming, and could result in additional testing 
requirements, product modifications, delays in prod uct shipment dates, or preclude the Company from se lling certain products.  
Compliance with these laws, regulations and similar  requirements may be onerous and expensive, and the y may be inconsistent from jurisdiction 
to jurisdiction, further increasing the cost of com pliance. This increases the costs of doing business , and any such costs, which may rise in the 
future as a result of changes in these laws and  
   
15  Table of Contents  
regulations or in their interpretation could indivi dually or in the aggregate make the Company’ s products and services less attractive to the 
Company’ s customers, delay the introduction of new products  in one or more regions, or cause the Company to ch ange or limit its business 
practices. The Company has implemented policies and  procedures designed to ensure compliance with thes e laws and regulations, but there can 
be no assurance that the Company’s employees, contr actors, or agents will not violate such laws and re gulations or the Company’s policies.  
The Company’s success depends largely on the contin ued service and availability of key personnel.  
Much of the Company’ s future success depends on the continued availabil ity and service of key personnel, including its Chi ef Executive Officer, 
executive team and other highly skilled employees. Experienced personnel in the technology industry ar e in high demand and competition for 
their talents is intense, especially in the Silicon  Valley, where most of the Company’s key personnel are located.  
The Company’s business may be impacted by political  events, war, terrorism, public health issues, natu ral disasters and other circumstances.  
War, terrorism, geopolitical uncertainties, public health issues, and other business interruptions hav e caused and could cause damage or 
disruption to international commerce and the global  economy, and thus could have a material adverse ef fect on the Company, its suppliers, 
logistics providers, manufacturing vendors and cust omers, including channel partners. The Company’ s business operations are subject to 
interruption by natural disasters, fire, power shor tages, nuclear power plant accidents, terrorist att acks, and other hostile acts, labor disputes, 
public health issues, and other events beyond its c ontrol. Such events could decrease demand for the C ompany’s products, make it difficult or 
impossible for the Company to make and deliver prod ucts to its customers, including channel partners, or to receive components from its 
suppliers, and create delays and inefficiencies in the Company’ s supply chain. Should major public health issues, including pandemics, arise, the 
Company could be adversely affected by more stringe nt employee travel restrictions, additional limitat ions in freight services, governmental 
actions limiting the movement of products between r egions, delays in production ramps of new products,  and disruptions in the operations of the 
Company’s manufacturing vendors and component suppl iers. The majority of the Company’ s research and development activities, its corporat e 
headquarters, information technology systems, and o ther critical business operations, including certai n component suppliers and manufacturing 
vendors, are in locations that could be affected by  natural disasters. In the event of a natural disas ter, the Company could incur significant losses, 
require substantial recovery time and experience si gnificant expenditures in order to resume operation s.  
The Company’s business and reputation may be impact ed by information technology system failures or net work disruptions.  
The Company may be subject to information technolog y system failures and network disruptions. These ma y be caused by natural disasters, 
accidents, power disruptions, telecommunications fa ilures, acts of terrorism or war, computer viruses,  physical or electronic break- ins, or similar 
events or disruptions. System redundancy may be ine ffective or inadequate, and the Company’ s disaster recovery planning may not be sufficient 
for all eventualities. Such failures or disruptions  could prevent access to the Company’ s online stores and services, preclude retail store  
transactions, compromise Company or customer data, and result in delayed or cancelled orders. System f ailures and disruptions could also 
impede the manufacturing and shipping of products, delivery of online services, transactions processin g and financial reporting.  
The Company may be subject to breaches of its infor mation technology systems, which could damage busin ess partner and customer 
relationships, curtail or otherwise adversely impac t access to online stores and services, and could s ubject the Company to significant 
reputational, financial, legal, and operational con sequences.  
The Company’s business requires it to use and store  customer, employee, and business partner personall y identifiable information (“PII”). This 
may include names, addresses, phone numbers, email addresses, contact  
   
16  Table of Contents  
preferences, tax identification numbers, and paymen t account information. Although malicious attacks t o gain access to PII affect many 
companies across various industries, the Company ma y be at a relatively greater risk of being targeted  because of its high profile and the amount 
of PII managed.  
The Company requires user names and passwords in or der to access its information technology systems. T he Company also uses encryption and 
authentication technologies to secure the transmiss ion and storage of data. These security measures ma y be compromised as a result of third-
party security breaches, employee error, malfeasanc e, faulty password management, or other irregularit y, and result in persons obtaining 
unauthorized access to Company data or accounts. Th ird parties may attempt to fraudulently induce empl oyees or customers into disclosing user 
names, passwords or other sensitive information, wh ich may in turn be used to access the Company’ s information technology systems. To help 
protect customers and the Company, the Company moni tors accounts and systems for unusual activity and may freeze accounts under suspicious 
circumstances, which may result in the delay or los s of customer orders.  
The Company devotes significant resources to networ k security, data encryption, and other security mea sures to protect its systems and data, but 
these security measures cannot provide absolute sec urity. The Company may experience a breach of its s ystems and may be unable to protect 
sensitive data. Moreover, if a computer security br each affects the Company’ s systems or results in the unauthorized release of  PII, the 
Company’s reputation and brand could be materially damaged and use of the Company’ s products and services could decrease. The Company  
would also be exposed to a risk of loss or litigati on and possible liability.  
The Company’s business is subject to a variety of U .S. and international laws, rules, policies and oth er obligations regarding data protection.  
The Company is subject to federal, state and intern ational laws relating to the collection, use, reten tion, security and transfer of PII. In many 
cases, these laws apply not only to third- party transactions, but also to transfers of inform ation between the Company and its subsidiaries, and  
among the Company, its subsidiaries and other parti es with which the Company has commercial relations.  Several jurisdictions have passed new 
laws in this area, and other jurisdictions are cons idering imposing additional restrictions. These law s continue to develop and may be 
inconsistent from jurisdiction to jurisdiction. Com plying with emerging and changing international req uirements may cause the Company to 
incur substantial costs or require the Company to c hange its business practices. Noncompliance could r esult in penalties or significant legal 
liability.  
The Company’ s privacy policy and related practices concerning t he use and disclosure of data are posted on its web site. Any failure by the 
Company, its suppliers or other parties with whom t he Company does business to comply with its posted privacy policy or with other federal, 
state or international privacy- related or data protection laws and regulations cou ld result in proceedings against the Company by gov ernmental 
entities or others.  
The Company is also subject to payment card associa tion rules and obligations under its contracts with  payment card processors. Under these 
rules and obligations, if information is compromise d, the Company could be liable to payment card issu ers for the cost of associated expenses 
and penalties. In addition, if the Company fails to  follow payment card industry security standards, e ven if no customer information is 
compromised, the Company could incur significant fi nes or experience a significant increase in payment  card transaction costs.  
The Company expects its quarterly revenue and opera ting results to fluctuate.  
The Company’s profit margins vary among its product s and its distribution channels. The Company’ s software, accessories, and service and 
support contracts generally have higher gross margi ns than certain of the Company’s other products. Gr oss margins on the Company’ s hardware 
products vary across product lines and can change o ver time as a result of product transitions, pricin g and configuration changes, and 
component, warranty, and other cost fluctuations. T he Company’s direct sales generally have higher ass ociated gross margins than its  
   
17  Table of Contents  
indirect sales through its channel partners. In add ition, the Company’ s gross margin and operating margin percentages, as  well as overall 
profitability, may be materially adversely impacted  as a result of a shift in product, geographic or c hannel mix, new products, component cost 
increases, strengthening U.S. dollar, or price comp etition. The Company has typically experienced high er net sales in the first fiscal quarter 
compared to other fiscal quarters due in part to ho liday seasonal demand. Actual and anticipated timin g of new product introductions by the 
Company can also significantly impact the level of net sales experienced by the Company in any particu lar quarter. The Company could be 
subject to unexpected developments late in a quarte r, such as lower-than-anticipated demand for the Co mpany’s products, issues with new 
product introductions, an internal systems failure,  or failure of one of the Company’s logistics, comp onents supply, or manufacturing partners.  
The Company’s stock price is subject to volatility.   
The Company’ s stock continues to experience substantial price v olatility. Additionally, the Company, the technolog y industry, and the stock 
market as a whole have experienced extreme stock pr ice and volume fluctuations that have affected stoc k prices in ways that may have been 
unrelated to these companies’ operating performance. The Company believes its sto ck price reflects high future growth and profitabil ity 
expectations. If the Company fails to meet these ex pectations its stock price may significantly declin e, which could have a material adverse 
impact on investor confidence and employee retentio n.  
The Company’s business is subject to the risks of i nternational operations.  
The Company derives a significant portion of its re venue and earnings from its international operation s. Compliance with applicable U.S. and 
foreign laws and regulations, such as import and ex port requirements, anti- corruption laws, tax laws, foreign exchange control s and cash 
repatriation restrictions, data privacy requirement s, environmental laws, labor laws, and anti- competition regulations, increases the costs of doi ng 
business in foreign jurisdictions. Although the Com pany has implemented policies and procedures to com ply with these laws and regulations, a 
violation by the Company’s employees, contractors, or agents could nevertheless occur.  
The Company also could be significantly affected by  other risks associated with international activiti es including, but not limited to, economic 
and labor conditions, increased duties, taxes and o ther costs, political instability, and changes in t he value of the U.S. dollar versus local 
currencies. Margins on sales of the Company’ s products in foreign countries, and on sales of pr oducts that include components obtained from 
foreign suppliers, could be materially adversely af fected by foreign currency exchange rate fluctuatio ns and by international trade regulations, 
including duties, tariffs and antidumping penalties . The Company is also exposed to credit and collect ability risk on its trade receivables with 
customers in certain international markets. There c an be no assurance the Company can effectively limi t its credit risk and avoid losses.  
The Company’s primary exposure to movements in fore ign currency exchange rates relates to non- U.S. dollar denominated sales and operating 
expenses worldwide. For example, the uncertainty re garding the ability of certain European countries t o continue to service their sovereign debt 
obligations and the related financial restructuring  efforts by European governments may cause the valu e of several European currencies, 
including the euro, to fluctuate, which could adver sely affect the Company’s non- U.S. dollar sales and operating expenses in the imp acted 
jurisdictions. Weakening of foreign currencies rela tive to the U.S. dollar adversely affects the U.S. dollar value of the Company ’s foreign 
currency- denominated sales and earnings, and generally leads  the Company to raise international pricing, potent ially reducing demand for the 
Company’ s products. In some circumstances, for competitive or other reasons, the Company may decide not to rai se local prices to fully offset 
the dollar’s strengthening, or at all, which would adversely affect the U.S. dollar value of the Compa ny’s foreign currency denominated sales and 
earnings. Conversely, a strengthening of foreign cu rrencies relative to the U.S. dollar, while general ly beneficial to the Company’ s foreign 
currency- denominated sales and earnings, could cause the Com pany to reduce international pricing and incur loss es on its foreign currency 
derivative instruments, thereby limiting the benefi t. Additionally, strengthening of foreign currencie s may also increase the Company’ s cost of 
product components denominated in those currencies,  thus adversely affecting gross margins.  
   
18  Table of Contents  
The Company uses derivative instruments, such as fo reign currency forward and option contracts, to hed ge certain exposures to fluctuations in 
foreign currency exchange rates. The use of such he dging activities may not offset any or more than a portion of the adverse financial effects of 
unfavorable movements in foreign exchange rates ove r the limited time the hedges are in place.  
The Company is exposed to credit risk and fluctuati ons in the market values of its investment portfoli o.  
The Company has not recognized any significant loss es on its cash, cash equivalents and marketable sec urities, but could experience significant 
declines in the market value of its investment port folio. Given the global nature of its business, the  Company has both domestic and international 
investments. Credit ratings and pricing of these in vestments can be negatively affected by liquidity, credit deterioration, financial results, 
economic risk, political risk, sovereign risk or ot her factors. As a result, the value and liquidity o f the Company’ s cash, cash equivalents and 
marketable securities could decline and result in a  significant impairment.  
The Company is exposed to credit risk on its trade accounts receivable, vendor non-trade receivables a nd prepayments related to long- term 
supply agreements, and this risk is heightened duri ng periods when economic conditions worsen.  
The Company distributes its products through third- party cellular network carriers, wholesalers, retai lers and value- added resellers. A substantial 
majority of the Company’s outstanding trade receiva bles are not covered by collateral or credit insura nce. The Company’ s exposure to credit and 
collectability risk on its trade receivables is hig her in certain international markets and its abilit y to mitigate such risks may be limited. The 
Company also has unsecured vendor non- trade receivables resulting from purchases of compo nents by outsourcing partners and other vendors 
that manufacture sub- assemblies or assemble final products for the Compa ny. In addition, the Company has made prepayments a ssociated with 
long-term supply agreements to secure supply of inv entory components. As of September 29, 2012, a sign ificant portion of the Company’ s trade 
receivables were concentrated within cellular netwo rk carriers, and its non-trade receivables and long -term supply agreements were concentrated 
among a few individual vendors located primarily in  Asia. While the Company has procedures to monitor and limit exposure to credit risk on its 
trade and vendor non-trade receivables as well as l ong-term prepayments, there can be no assurance such pr ocedures will effectively limit its 
credit risk and avoid losses.  
The Company could be impacted by unfavorable result s of legal proceedings.  
The Company is subject to various legal proceedings  and claims that have not yet been fully resolved a nd that have arisen in the ordinary course 
of business, and additional claims may arise in the  future. Results of legal proceedings are subject t o significant uncertainty and, regardless of the 
merit of the claims, litigation may be expensive, t ime-consuming, disruptive to the Company’ s operations, and distracting to management. In 
recognition of these considerations, the Company ma y enter into arrangements to settle litigation.  
Although management considers the likelihood of suc h an outcome to be remote, if one or more of these legal matters were resolved against the 
Company in a reporting period for amounts in excess  of management’s expectations, the Company’ s consolidated financial statements for that 
reporting period could be materially adversely affe cted. Further, such an outcome could result in sign ificant compensatory, punitive or trebled 
monetary damages, disgorgement of revenue or profit s, remedial corporate measures or injunctive relief  against the Company that could 
materially adversely affect its financial condition  and operating results.  
The Company could be subject to changes in its tax rates, the adoption of new U.S. or international ta x legislation or exposure to additional tax 
liabilities.  
The Company is subject to taxes in the U.S. and num erous foreign jurisdictions. Current economic and p olitical conditions make tax rates in any 
jurisdiction, including the U.S., subject to signif icant change. The Company ’s future effective tax rates could be affected by c hanges in the mix 
of earnings in countries with differing statutory  
   
19  Table of Contents  
tax rates, changes in the valuation of deferred tax  assets and liabilities, or changes in tax laws or their interpretation. The Company is also subject 
to the examination of its tax returns by the Intern al Revenue Service and other tax authorities. The C ompany regularly assesses the likelihood of 
an adverse outcome resulting from these examination s to determine the adequacy of its provision for ta xes. There can be no assurance as to the 
outcome of these examinations.  
   
None.  
   
The Company’ s headquarters are located in Cupertino, California . As of September 29, 2012, the Company owned or le ased approximately 
17.3 million square feet of building space, primari ly in the U.S., and to a lesser extent, in Europe, Japan, Canada, and the Asia- Pacific regions. 
Of that amount approximately 10.9 million square fe et was leased building space, which includes approx imately 4.1 million square feet related 
to retail store space. Of the Company’ s owned building space, approximately 2.6 million s quare feet that is located in Cupertino, California  will 
be demolished to build a second corporate campus. A dditionally, the Company owns a total of 1,077 acre s of land in various locations.  
As of September 29, 2012, the Company owned a manuf acturing facility in Cork, Ireland that also housed  a customer support call center and 
facilities in Elk Grove, California that included w arehousing and distribution operations and a custom er support call center. The Company also 
owned land in Austin, Texas where it will build off ice space and a customer support call center. In ad dition, the Company owned facilities for 
research and development and corporate functions in  Cupertino, California, including land for the futu re development of the Company’ s second 
corporate campus. The Company also owned data cente rs in Newark, California; Maiden, North Carolina; a nd Prineville, Oregon. Outside the 
U.S., the Company owned additional facilities for v arious purposes.  
The Company believes its existing facilities and eq uipment, which are used by all operating segments, are in good operating condition and are 
suitable for the conduct of its business. The Compa ny has invested in internal capacity and strategic relationships with outside manufacturing 
vendors and continues to make investments in capita l equipment as needed to meet anticipated demand fo r its products.  
   
The Company is subject to the various legal proceed ings and claims, including those discussed below as  well as certain other legal proceedings 
and claims that have not been fully resolved and th at have arisen in the ordinary course of business. In the opinion of management, there was not 
at least a reasonable possibility the Company may h ave incurred a material loss, or a material loss in  excess of a recorded accrual, with respect to 
loss contingencies. However, the outcome of legal p roceedings and claims brought against the Company i s subject to significant uncertainty. 
Therefore, although management considers the likeli hood of such an outcome to be remote, if one or mor e of these legal matters were resolved 
against the Company in a reporting period for amoun ts in excess of management’s expectations, the Comp any’s consolidated financial 
statements for that reporting period could be mater ially adversely affected. See the risk factors “ The Company is frequently involved in 
intellectual property litigation, and could be foun d to have infringed on intellectual property rights  ” and “ The Company could be impacted by 
unfavorable results of legal proceedings ” in Part I, Item 1A of this Form 10-K under the he ading “Risk Factors.” The Company settled certain 
matters during the fourth quarter of 2012 that did not individually or in the aggregate have a materia l impact on the Company’ s financial 
condition and results of operations.  
   
20  Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
Item 2. Properties 
Item 3. Legal Proceedings Table of Contents  
The Apple iPod iTunes Antitrust Litigation (formerl y Charoensak v. Apple Computer, Inc. and Tucker v. Apple Computer, Inc.); Somers v. Apple 
Inc.  
These related cases have been filed on January 3, 2 005, July 21, 2006 and December 31, 2007 in the Uni ted States District Court for the 
Northern District of California on behalf of a purp orted class of direct and indirect purchasers of iP ods and iTunes Store content, alleging various 
claims including alleged unlawful tying of music an d video purchased on the iTunes Store with the purc hase of iPods and unlawful acquisition 
or maintenance of monopoly market power under §§1 a nd 2 of the Sherman Act, the Cartwright Act, Califo rnia Business & Professions Code 
§17200 (unfair competition), the California Consume r Legal Remedies Act and California monopolization law. Plaintiffs are seeking unspecified 
compensatory and punitive damages for the class, tr eble damages, injunctive relief, disgorgement of re venues and/or profits and attorneys fees. 
Plaintiffs are also seeking digital rights manageme nt free versions of any songs downloaded from iTune s or an order requiring the Company to 
license its digital rights management to all compet ing music players. The cases are currently pending.   
Apple eBooks Antitrust Litigation (United States of  America v. Apple Inc., et al.)  
On April 11, 2012, the U.S. Department of Justice ( the “DOJ”) filed a civil antitrust action against the Company and five major book publishers 
in the U.S. District Court for the Southern Distric t of New York, alleging an unreasonable restraint o f interstate trade and commerce in violation 
of §1 of the Sherman Act and seeking, among other t hings, injunctive relief, the District Court’s decl aration that the Company’ s agency 
agreements with the publishers are null and void an d/or the District Court’s reformation of such agree ments. The DOJ’ s complaint asserts, 
among other things, that the decision by the five p ublishers to shift to an agency model to sell eBook s and their agreements with the Company 
were an attempt to “raise, fix and stabilize retail  e-book prices, to end price competition among e- book retailers, and to limit retail price 
competition.” The Company filed a response to the D OJ complaint in late May 2012, denying the DOJ’ s allegations, and it intends to vigorously 
contest the lawsuit. The lawsuit is now in discover y, with an initial trial date set for June 2013. Th ree of the five publishers have reached a 
settlement with the DOJ, which requires the publish ers to terminate their agreements with the Company and renegotiate new agreements 
pursuant to the terms of their settlements with the  DOJ. The District Court approved the settlement on  September 6, 2012 and, accordingly, these 
three publishers terminated their original agreemen ts and have entered into new agreements with the Co mpany.  
   
Not applicable.  
   
21  Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures Table of Contents  
PART II  
   
The Company’s common stock is traded on the NASDAQ Stock Market LLC under the symbol AAPL.  
Price Range of Common Stock  
The price range per share of common stock presented  below represents the highest and lowest intraday s ales prices for the Company’ s common 
stock on the NASDAQ Stock Market LLC during each qu arter of the two most recent years.  
   
Holders  
As of October 19, 2012, there were 27,696 sharehold ers of record.  
Dividends  
During the fourth quarter of 2012, the Company paid  a quarterly dividend of $2.65 per share and expect s to pay quarterly dividends in the future, 
subject to declaration by its Board of Directors. T here were no dividends declared or paid during the first three quarters of 2012 or during 2011.  
Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Af filiated Purchasers  
None.  
   
22  Item 5. Market for Registrant ’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Is suer Purchases of Equity Securities 
     Fourth Quarter      Third Quarter      Second Quarter      First Quarter   
2012 price range per share     $ 705.07 - $570.00       $ 644.00 - $522.18       $ 621.45 - $409.00       $ 426.70 - $354.24    
2011 price range per share     $ 422.86 - $327.25       $ 355.13 - $310.50       $ 364.90 - $321.31       $ 325.72 - $275.00    Table of Contents  
Company Stock Performance  
The following graph shows a five- year comparison of cumulative total shareholder ret urn, calculated on a dividend reinvested basis, for  the 
Company, the S&P 500 Composite Index, the S&P Compu ter Hardware Index, and the Dow Jones U.S. Technolo gy Index. The graph assumes 
$100 was invested in each of the Company’ s common stock, the S&P 500 Composite Index, the S& P Computer Hardware Index, and the Dow 
Jones U.S. Technology Index as of the market close on September 30, 2007. Data points on the graph are  annual. Note that historic stock price 
performance is not necessarily indicative of future  stock price performance .  
   
  
*$100 invested on 9/30/07 in stock or index, includ ing reinvestment of dividends.  
Fiscal year ending September 30.  
Copyright 2012 S&P, a division of The McGraw-Hill C ompanies Inc. All rights reserved.  
   
   
23  
    September  30, 
2007     September  30, 
2008     September  30, 
2009     September  30, 
2010     September  30, 
2011     September  30, 
2012   
Apple Inc.    $ 100      $ 74      $ 121      $ 185      $ 248      $ 437    
S&P 500    $ 100      $ 78      $ 73      $ 80      $ 81      $ 105    
S&P Computer Hardware    $ 100      $ 84      $ 99      $ 118      $ 134      $ 214    
Dow Jones US Technology    $ 100      $ 76      $ 85      $ 95      $ 98      $ 127    © Table of Contents  
The information set forth below for the five years ended September 29, 2012, is not necessarily indica tive of results of future operations, and 
should be read in conjunction with Item 7, “Managem ent’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Conditio n and Results of Operations” and the 
consolidated financial statements and related notes  thereto included in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 1 0-K to fully understand factors that may 
affect the comparability of the information present ed below (in millions, except number of shares, whi ch are reflected in thousands and per share 
amounts).  
   
   
24  Item 6. Selected Financial Data 
     2012      2011     2010      2009      2008   
Net sales     $ 156,508       $ 108,249      $ 65,225       $ 42,905       $ 37,491    
Net income     $ 41,733       $ 25,922      $ 14,013       $ 8,235       $ 6,119    
Earnings per share:                
Basic     $ 44.64       $ 28.05      $ 15.41       $ 9.22       $ 6.94    
Diluted     $ 44.15       $ 27.68      $ 15.15       $ 9.08       $ 6.78    
Cash dividends declared per share (a)     $ 2.65       $ 0      $ 0       $ 0       $ 0    
Shares used in computing earnings per share:                
Basic       934,818         924,258        909,461         893,016         881,592    
Diluted       945,355         936,645        924,712         907,005         902,139    
Total cash, cash equivalents and marketable securit ies     $ 121,251       $ 81,570      $ 51,011       $ 33,992       $ 24,490    
Total assets     $ 176,064       $ 116,371      $ 75,183       $ 47,501       $ 36,171    
Total long -term obligations (b)     $ 16,664       $ 10,100      $ 5,531       $ 3,502       $ 1,745    
Total liabilities     $ 57,854       $ 39,756      $ 27,392       $ 15,861       $ 13,874    
Total shareholders ’ equity     $ 118,210       $ 76,615      $ 47,791       $ 31,640       $ 22,297    
  
(a) The Company declared a dividend of $2.65 per share in the fourth quarter of 2012.  
(b) The Company did not have any long-term debt dur ing the five years ended September 29, 2012. Long-t erm obligations exclude non-
current deferred revenue.  Table of Contents  
This Item 7, “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations,” and other parts of this Form 10- K 
contain forward- looking statements, within the meaning of the Priva te Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, that i nvolve risks and 
uncertainties. Forward- looking statements provide current expectations of future events based on certain assumptions and incl ude any statement 
that does not directly relate to any historical or current fact. Forward-looking statements can also b e identified by words such as “future,”
“anticipates,” “believes,” “estimates,” “expects,” “intends,” “plans,” “predicts,” “will,” “would,” “c ould,” “can,” “may,” and similar 
terms. Forward-looking statements are not guarantee s of future performance and the Company’ s actual results may differ significantly from the 
results discussed in the forward- looking statements. Factors that might cause such d ifferences include, but are not limited to, those d iscussed in 
Part I, Item 1A of this Form 10 -K under the heading “Risk Factors,” which are incorporated herein by reference. The fol lowing discussion 
should be read in conjunction with the consolidated  financial statements and notes thereto included in  Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10- K. All 
information presented herein is based on the Compan y’s fiscal calendar. Unless otherwise stated, referen ces to particular years or quarters 
refer to the Company’s fiscal years ended in Septem ber and the associated quarters of those fiscal yea rs. Each of the terms the “Company” and 
“Apple” as used herein refers collectively to Apple  Inc. and its wholly- owned subsidiaries, unless otherwise stated. The Co mpany assumes no 
obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements for any reason, except as required by la w.  
Executive Overview  
The Company designs, manufactures, and markets mobi le communication and media devices, personal comput ers, and portable digital music 
players, and sells a variety of related software, s ervices, peripherals, networking solutions, and thi rd-party digital content and applications. The 
Company’ s products and services include iPhone, iPad, Mac, iPod, Apple TV, a portfolio of consumer and profess ional software applications, 
the iOS and OS X operating systems, iCloud, and a v ariety of accessory, service and support offerings.  The Company also sells and delivers 
digital content and applications through the iTunes  Store, App Store, iBookstore, and Mac App Store. T he Company sells its products worldwide 
through its retail stores, online stores, and direc t sales force, as well as through third- party cellular network carriers, wholesalers, retai lers, and 
value-added resellers. In addition, the Company sel ls a variety of third- party iPhone, iPad, Mac and iPod compatible product s, including 
application software, and various accessories throu gh its online and retail stores. The Company sells to consumers; small and mid- sized 
businesses; and education, enterprise and governmen t customers.  
The Company is committed to bringing the best user experience to its customers through its innovative hardware, software, peripherals, and 
services. The Company’ s business strategy leverages its unique ability to  design and develop its own operating systems, hard ware, application 
software, and services to provide its customers new  products and solutions with superior ease-of- use, seamless integration, and innovative 
design. As part of its strategy, the Company contin ues to expand its platform for the discovery and de livery of third- party digital content and 
applications through the iTunes Store. As part of t he iTunes Store, the Company’ s App Store and iBookstore allow customers to disco ver and 
download applications and books through either a Ma c or Windows-based computer or through “iOS devices ,” namely iPhone, iPad and iPod 
touch. The Company’ s Mac App Store allows customers to easily discover , download and install Mac applications. The Compan y also supports 
a community for the development of third-party soft ware and hardware products and digital content that  complement the Company’ s offerings. 
The Company’s strategy also includes expanding its distribution network to effectively reach more cust omers and provide them with a high-
quality sales and post-sales support experience.  
The Company participates in several highly competit ive markets, including the market for mobile commun ications and media devices with its 
iOS devices; personal computers with its Mac comput ers; portable digital players with iPod; and distri bution of third- party digital content and 
applications with the iTunes Store, App Store, iBoo kstore, and Mac App Store. While the Company is wid ely recognized as a leading innovator 
in  
   
25  Item 7. Management ’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition an d Results of Operations Table of Contents  
the markets where it competes, these markets are hi ghly competitive and subject to aggressive pricing.  To remain competitive, the Company 
believes that continual investment in research and development and marketing and advertising is critic al to the development and sale of 
innovative products and technologies. The Company’ s research and development spending is focused on i nvesting in new hardware and software 
products, and in further developing its existing pr oducts, including iPhone, iPad, Mac, and iPod hardw are; iOS and OS X operating systems; and 
a variety of application software and online servic es.  
The Company uses a variety of direct and indirect d istribution channels, such as its retail stores, on line stores, and direct sales force, and third-
party cellular network carriers, wholesalers, retai lers, and value- added resellers. The Company believes that sales of  its innovative and 
differentiated products are enhanced by knowledgeab le salespersons who can convey the value of the har dware and software integration, and 
demonstrate the unique solutions that are available  on its products. The Company further believes prov iding direct contact with its targeted 
customers is an effective way to demonstrate the ad vantages of its products over those of its competit ors and providing a high- quality sales and 
after-sales support experience is critical to attra cting new and retaining existing customers. To ensu re a high- quality buying experience for its 
products in which service and education are emphasi zed, the Company continues to expand and improve it s distribution capabilities by 
expanding the number of its own retail stores world wide. Additionally, the Company has invested in pro grams to enhance reseller sales by 
placing high quality Apple fixtures, merchandising materials and other resources within selected third -party reseller locations. Through the 
Apple Premium Reseller Program, certain third- party resellers focus on the Apple platform by prov iding a high level of integration and support 
services, and product expertise.  
Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates  
The preparation of financial statements and related  disclosures in conformity with U.S. generally acce pted accounting principles (“GAAP”) and 
the Company’s discussion and analysis of its financ ial condition and operating results require the Com pany’s management to make judgments, 
assumptions and estimates that affect the amounts r eported in its consolidated financial statements an d accompanying notes. Note 1, “ Summary 
of Significant Accounting Policies” of the Notes to  Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II, Item  8 of this Form 10- K describes the 
significant accounting policies and methods used in  the preparation of the Company’ s consolidated financial statements. Management bas es its 
estimates on historical experience and on various o ther assumptions it believes to be reasonable under  the circumstances, the results of which 
form the basis for making judgments about the carry ing values of assets and liabilities. Actual result s may differ from these estimates and such 
differences may be material.  
Management believes the Company’ s critical accounting policies and estimates are th ose related to revenue recognition, valuation and 
impairment of marketable securities, inventory valu ation and inventory purchase commitments, warranty costs, income taxes, and legal and other 
contingencies. Management considers these policies critical because they are both important to the por trayal of the Company’ s financial 
condition and operating results, and they require m anagement to make judgments and estimates about inh erently uncertain matters. The 
Company’ s senior management has reviewed these critical acc ounting policies and related disclosures with the A udit and Finance Committee of 
the Company’s Board of Directors.  
Revenue Recognition  
Net sales consist primarily of revenue from the sal e of hardware, software, digital content and applic ations, peripherals, and service and support 
contracts. The Company recognizes revenue when pers uasive evidence of an arrangement exists, delivery has occurred, the sales price is fixed or 
determinable, and collection is probable. Product i s considered delivered to the customer once it has been shipped and title and risk of loss have 
been transferred. For most of the Company’ s product sales, these criteria are met at the time  the product is shipped. For online sales to 
individuals, for some sales to education customers in the U.S., and for certain other sales, the Compa ny defers revenue until the customer 
receives the product because the Company retains a portion of the risk of loss on these sales during t ransit. The Company recognizes revenue 
from the sale of hardware products,  
   
26  Table of Contents  
software bundled with hardware that is essential to  the functionality of the hardware, and third- party digital content sold on the iTunes Store in 
accordance with general revenue recognition account ing guidance. The Company recognizes revenue in acc ordance with industry specific 
software accounting guidance for the following type s of sales transactions: (i) standalone sales of so ftware products, (ii) sales of software 
upgrades and (iii) sales of software bundled with h ardware not essential to the functionality of the h ardware.  
For multi-element arrangements that include hardwar e products containing software essential to the har dware product’ s functionality, 
undelivered software elements that relate to the ha rdware product’s essential software, and/or undeliv ered non- software services, the Company 
allocates revenue to all deliverables based on thei r relative selling prices. In such circumstances, t he Company uses a hierarchy to determine the 
selling price to be used for allocating revenue to deliverables: (i) vendor-specific objective evidenc e of fair value (“VSOE”), (ii) third- party 
evidence of selling price (“TPE”) and (iii) best es timate of selling price (“ESP”). VSOE generally exists only when the Company sells t he 
deliverable separately and is the price actually ch arged by the Company for that deliverable. ESPs ref lect the Company’ s best estimates of what 
the selling prices of elements would be if they wer e sold regularly on a stand-alone basis.  
For sales of qualifying versions of iOS devices, Ma c and Apple TV, the Company has indicated it may fr om time to time provide future 
unspecified software upgrades and features free of charge to customers. The Company also provides vari ous non-software services to owners of 
qualifying versions of iOS devices and Mac. Because  the Company has neither VSOE nor TPE for the unspe cified software upgrade rights or the 
non-software services, revenue is allocated to thes e rights and services based on the Company’ s ESPs. Revenue allocated to the unspecified 
software upgrade rights and non-software services b ased on the Company’s ESPs is deferred and recogniz ed on a straight- line basis over the 
estimated period the software upgrades and non- software services are expected to be provided for e ach of these devices, which ranges from two 
to four years.  
The Company’s process for determining ESPs involves  management’ s judgment and considers multiple factors that may vary over time 
depending upon the unique facts and circumstances r elated to each deliverable. If the facts and circum stances underlying the factors considered 
change, including the estimated or actual costs inc urred to provide non-software services or the estim ated period the software upgrades and non-
software services are expected to be provided, or s hould future facts and circumstances lead the Compa ny to consider additional factors, the 
Company’s ESPs and the future rate of related amort ization for software upgrades and non- software services related to future sales of these 
devices could change.  
The Company records reductions to revenue for estim ated commitments related to price protection and ot her customer incentive programs. For 
transactions involving price protection, the Compan y recognizes revenue net of the estimated amount to  be refunded, provided the refund 
amount can be reasonably and reliably estimated and  the other conditions for revenue recognition have been met. The Company’ s policy requires 
that, if refunds cannot be reliably estimated, reve nue is not recognized until reliable estimates can be made or the price protection lapses. For the 
Company’ s other customer incentive programs, the estimated cost is recognized at the later of the date at whic h the Company has sold the 
product or the date at which the program is offered . The Company also records reductions to revenue fo r expected future product returns based 
on the Company’ s historical experience. Future market conditions a nd product transitions may require the Company to i ncrease customer 
incentive programs that could result in reductions to future revenue. Additionally, certain customer i ncentive programs require management to 
estimate the number of customers who will actually redeem the incentive. Management’ s estimates are based on historical experience and the 
specific terms and conditions of particular incenti ve programs. If a greater than estimated proportion  of customers redeems such incentives, the 
Company would be required to record additional redu ctions to revenue, which would have an adverse impa ct on the Company’ s results of 
operations.  
Valuation and Impairment of Marketable Securities  
The Company’s investments in available-for- sale securities are reported at fair value. Unreali zed gains and losses related to changes in the fair  
value of securities are recognized in accumulated o ther comprehensive income, net  
   
27  Table of Contents  
of tax, in the Company’s Consolidated Balance Sheet s. Changes in the fair value of available-for-sale securities impact the Company’ s net 
income only when such securities are sold or an oth er-than-temporary impairment is recognized. Realized gains and losses on the sale of 
securities are determined by specific identificatio n of each security’ s cost basis. The Company regularly reviews its inv estment portfolio to 
determine if any security is other-than- temporarily impaired, which would require the Compa ny to record an impairment charge in the period 
any such determination is made. In making this judg ment, the Company evaluates, among other things, th e duration and extent to which the fair 
value of a security is less than its cost; the fina ncial condition of the issuer and any changes there to; and the Company’ s intent to sell, or whether 
it will more likely than not be required to sell, t he security before recovery of the its amortized co st basis. The Company’ s assessment on 
whether a security is other-than- temporarily impaired could change in the future due  to new developments or changes in assumptions rela ted to 
any particular security.  
Inventory Valuation and Inventory Purchase Commitme nts  
The Company must order components for its products and build inventory in advance of product shipments . The Company records a write- down 
for inventories of components and products, includi ng third-party products held for resale, which have become o bsolete or are in excess of 
anticipated demand or net realizable value. The Com pany performs a detailed review of inventory each f iscal quarter that considers multiple 
factors including demand forecasts, product life cy cle status, product development plans, current sale s levels, and component cost trends. The 
industries in which the Company competes are subjec t to a rapid and unpredictable pace of product and component obsolescence and demand 
changes. If future demand or market conditions for the Company’ s products are less favorable than forecasted or if  unforeseen technological 
changes negatively impact the utility of component inventory, the Company may be required to record ad ditional write- downs, which would 
adversely affect its results of operations in the p eriod when the write-downs were recorded.  
The Company records accruals for estimated cancella tion fees related to component orders that have bee n cancelled or are expected to be 
cancelled. Consistent with industry practice, the C ompany acquires components through a combination of  purchase orders, supplier contracts, 
and open orders based on projected demand informati on. These commitments typically cover the Company’ s requirements for periods up to 150 
days. If there is an abrupt and substantial decline  in demand for one or more of the Company’ s products or an unanticipated change in 
technological requirements for any of the Company’ s products, the Company may be required to record a dditional accruals for cancellation fees 
that would adversely affect its results of operatio ns in the period when the cancellation fees are ide ntified and recorded.  
Warranty Costs  
The Company provides for the estimated cost of hard ware and software warranties at the time the relate d revenue is recognized based on 
historical and projected warranty claim rates, hist orical and projected cost-per- claim, and knowledge of specific product failures t hat are outside 
of the Company’ s typical experience. Each quarter, the Company ree valuates its estimates to assess the adequacy of it s recorded warranty 
liabilities considering the size of the installed b ase of products subject to warranty protection and adjusts the amounts as necessary. If actual 
product failure rates or repair costs differ from e stimates, revisions to the estimated warranty liabi lities would be required and could materially 
affect the Company’s results of operations.  
Income Taxes  
The Company records a tax provision for the anticip ated tax consequences of the reported results of op erations. The provision for income taxes 
is computed using the asset and liability method, u nder which deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the expected future tax 
consequences of temporary differences between the f inancial reporting and tax bases of assets and liab ilities, and for operating losses and tax 
credit carryforwards. Deferred tax assets and liabi lities are measured using the currently enacted tax  rates that apply to taxable income in effect 
for the years in which those tax assets are expecte d to be realized or settled. The Company records a  
   
28  Table of Contents  
valuation allowance to reduce deferred tax assets t o the amount that is believed more likely than not to be realized.  
The Company recognizes tax benefits from uncertain tax positions only if it is more likely than not th at the tax position will be sustained on 
examination by the taxing authorities, based on the  technical merits of the position. The tax benefits  recognized in the financial statements from 
such positions are then measured based on the large st benefit that has a greater than 50% likelihood o f being realized upon ultimate settlement.  
Management believes it is more likely than not that  forecasted income, including income that may be ge nerated as a result of certain tax planning 
strategies, together with future reversals of exist ing taxable temporary differences, will be sufficie nt to fully recover the deferred tax assets. In 
the event that the Company determines all or part o f the net deferred tax assets are not realizable in  the future, the Company will make an 
adjustment to the valuation allowance that would be  charged to earnings in the period such determinati on is made. In addition, the calculation of 
tax liabilities involves significant judgment in es timating the impact of uncertainties in the applica tion of GAAP and complex tax laws. 
Resolution of these uncertainties in a manner incon sistent with management’s expectations could have a  material impact on the Company’ s 
financial condition and operating results.  
Legal and Other Contingencies  
As discussed in Part I, Item 3 of this Form 10-K un der the heading “Legal Proceedings” and in Part II,  Item 8 of this Form 10- K in the Notes to 
Consolidated Financial Statements in Note 7, “Commi tments and Contingencies,” the Company is subject to various legal proceedings  and 
claims, including those that arise in the ordinary course of business. The Company records a liability  when it is probable that a loss has been 
incurred and the amount is reasonably estimable. Th ere is significant judgment required in both the pr obability determination and as to whether 
an exposure can be reasonably estimated. In the opi nion of management, there was not at least a reason able possibility the Company may have 
incurred a material loss, or a material loss in exc ess of a recorded accrual, with respect to loss con tingencies for legal and other contingencies. 
However, the outcome of legal proceedings and claim s brought against the Company is subject to signifi cant uncertainty. Therefore, although 
management considers the likelihood of such an outc ome to be remote, if one or more of these legal mat ters were resolved against the Company 
in a reporting period for amounts in excess of mana gement’s expectations, the Company’ s consolidated financial statements for that report ing 
period could be materially adversely affected.  
Fiscal Period  
The Company’s fiscal year is the 52 or 53-week peri od that ends on the last Saturday of September. The  Company’ s fiscal years 2012, 2011 and 
2010 ended on September 29, 2012, September 24, 201 1, and September 25, 2010, respectively. Fiscal yea r 2012 spanned 53 weeks, with a 14 
week included in the first quarter of 2012, as is d one approximately every six years to realign the Co mpany’s fiscal quarters more closely to 
calendar quarters. Inclusion of the additional week  in 2012 increased the Company’ s overall net sales and operating expenses for the year. Fiscal 
years 2011 and 2010 spanned 52 weeks each. Unless o therwise stated, references to particular years or quarters refer to the Company ’s fiscal 
years ended in September and the associated quarter s of those fiscal years.  
   
29  th Table of Contents  
Net Sales  
The following table shows net sales by operating se gment and net sales and unit sales by product durin g 2012, 2011, and 2010 (dollars in 
millions and units in thousands):  
   
   
30       2012      Change     2011      Change     2010   
Net Sales by Operating Segment:               
Americas net sales     $ 57,512         50 %    $ 38,315         56 %    $ 24,498    
Europe net sales       36,323         31 %      27,778         49 %      18,692    
Japan net sales       10,571         94 %      5,437         37 %      3,981    
Asia -Pacific net sales       33,274         47 %      22,592         174 %      8,256    
Retail net sales       18,828         33 %      14,127         44 %      9,798    
                                     
Total net sales     $ 156,508         45 %    $ 108,249         66 %    $ 65,225    
           
             
             
Net Sales by Product:               
Desktops (a)(i)     $ 6,040         (6 )%    $ 6,439         4 %    $ 6,201    
Portables (b)(i)       17,181         12 %      15,344         36 %      11,278    
                                     
Total Mac net sales       23,221         7 %      21,783         25 %      17,479    
iPod (c)(i)       5,615         (25 )%      7,453         (10 )%      8,274    
Other music related products and services (d)       8,534         35 %      6,314         28 %      4,948    
iPhone and related products and services (e)(i)       80,477         71 %      47,057         87 %      25,179    
iPad and related products and services (f)(i)       32,424         59 %      20,358         311 %      4,958    
Peripherals and other hardware (g)       2,778         19 %      2,330         28 %      1,814    
Software, service and other sales (h)       3,459         17 %      2,954         15 %      2,573    
                                     
Total net sales     $ 156,508         45 %    $ 108,249         66 %    $ 65,225    
           
             
             
Unit Sales by Product:               
Desktops (a)       4,656         0 %      4,669         1 %      4,627    
Portables (b)       13,502         12 %      12,066         34 %      9,035    
                                     
Total Mac unit sales       18,158         9 %      16,735         22 %      13,662    
           
             
             
iPod unit sales       35,165         (17 )%      42,620         (15 )%      50,312    
           
             
             
iPhone units sold       125,046         73 %      72,293         81 %      39,989    
           
             
             
iPad units sold       58,310         80 %      32,394         334 %      7,458    
           
             
               
(a) Includes revenue from iMac, Mac mini and Mac Pro sa les.  
(b) Includes revenue from MacBook, MacBook Air and MacB ook Pro sales.  
(c) Includes revenue from iPod sales.  
(d) Includes revenue from sales from the iTunes Sto re, App Store, and iBookstore in addition to sales of iPod services and Apple- branded and 
third -party iPod accessories.  
(e) Includes revenue from sales of iPhone, iPhone servi ces, and Apple -branded and third -party iPhone accessories.  
(f) Includes revenue from sales of iPad, iPad services,  and Apple -branded and third -party iPad accessories.  
(g) Includes revenue from sales of displays, networking  products, and other hardware.  
(h) Includes revenue from sales of Apple -branded and third -party Mac software, and services.  
(i) Includes amortization of related revenue deferred f or non -software services and embedded software upgrade rig hts.  Table of Contents  
Fiscal Year 2012 versus 2011  
Net sales during 2012 increased $48.3 billion or 45 % compared to 2011. Several factors contributed pos itively to this increase, including the 
addition of a 14 week in the first quarter of 2012,  as well as the following:  
   
   
   
   
Partially offsetting the positive factors contribut ing to the overall increase in net sales was a decr ease in iPod net sales experienced across all 
operating segments. iPod net sales were $5.6 billio n in 2012, a decrease of $1.8 billion or 25% compar ed to 2011. Similarly, iPod unit sales 
decreased by 17% in 2012 compared to 2011. Declines  in net sales and unit sales of iPod reflect the co ntinuing contraction of the overall market 
for MP3 players. Net sales of iPod were 4% and 7% o f the Company’s total net sales for 2012 and 2011, respectively.  
The Company has historically experienced higher net  sales in its first fiscal quarter compared to othe r quarters in its fiscal year due in part to 
holiday seasonal demand. Actual and anticipated tim ing of new product introductions  
   
31    •   Net sales of iPhone and related products and servic es were $80.5 billion in 2012, representing an incr ease of $33.4 billion or 71% 
compared to 2011. iPhone unit sales totaled 125.0 m illion during 2012, representing an increase of 52. 8 million units or 73% 
compared to 2011. The year-over- year growth in iPhone net sales and unit sales duri ng 2012 reflects strong demand for iPhone in all 
of the Company’ s operating segments, which is primarily a result o f the launches of iPhone 4S in the first quarter of  2012 and iPhone 
5 in the fourth quarter of 2012, ongoing demand for  iPhone 4 and iPhone 3GS, and expanded distribution  with new carriers and 
resellers. Net sales of iPhone and related products  and services were 51% and 43% of the Company’ s total net sales for 2012 and 
2011, respectively.  
  •   Net sales of iPad and related products and services  were $32.4 billion in 2012, representing an increa se of $12.1 billion or 59% 
compared to 2011. Unit sales of iPad were 58.3 mill ion during 2012, an increase of 80% from 2011. The year-over- year increase in 
iPad net sales and unit sales during 2012 was drive n by strong demand for iPad in all of the Company’ s operating segments as a 
result of the launch of the new iPad in March 2012,  continued demand for iPad 2, and expanded distribu tion with new resellers. The 
year -over-year growth rate of iPad unit sales was higher than  the growth rate of iPad net sales during 2012 due to a reduction of 
average selling prices as a result of a shift in pr oduct mix toward lower- priced iPad models, the price reduction for iPad 2 and an 
increase in indirect sales due to expanded distribu tion through third- party resellers. Net sales of iPad and related prod ucts and 
services were 21% and 19% of the Company ’s total net sales for 2012 and 2011, respectively.  
  •   Mac net sales were $23.2 billion in 2012, represent ing an increase of $1.4 billion or 7% compared to 2 011. Mac unit sales totaled 
18.2 million during 2012, representing an increase of 1.4 million or 9% compared to 2011. The year-ove r-year growth in Mac net 
sales and unit sales during 2012 reflects increased  demand for Mac portables in all of the Company’ s operating segments driven by 
2012 releases of updated models of MacBook Air and MacBook Pro, including the new MacBook Pro with Ret ina display in June 
2012. Partially offsetting the increase in net sale s of Mac portables was a decline in net sales of Ma c desktops that reflected the 
overall decline in the market for desktop personal computers during 2012. Additionally, the Company di d not introduce updated 
versions of its Mac desktop products in 2012. Mac n et sales were 15% and 20% of the Company’ s total net sales for 2012 and 2011, 
respectively.  
  •   Net sales of other music related products and servi ces were $8.5 billion in 2012, representing an incr ease of $2.2 billion or 35% 
compared to 2011. The increase was due primarily to  growth of the iTunes Store, which generated total net sales of $7.5 billion for 
2012 compared to net sales of $5.4 billion during 2 011. The strong results of the iTunes Store reflect  growth of the App Store; 
growth of the Company’s customer base; and the cont inued expansion of third- party audio, video and book content available for s ale 
or rent via the iTunes Store. The Company continues  to expand its iTunes content and applications offe rings around the world. Net 
sales of other music related products and services were 5% and 6% of the Company ’s total net sales for 2012 and 2011, respectively.  th Table of Contents  
by the Company can also significantly impact the le vel of net sales experienced by the Company in any particular quarter. However, neither 
historical seasonal patterns nor historical pattern s of product introductions should be considered rel iable indicators of the Company’ s future net 
sales or financial performance.  
Growth in total net sales was particularly strong d uring the first six months of 2012, rising $34.1 bi llion or 66% compared to the same period in 
2011. The net sales growth during the first six mon ths of 2012 reflects the launch of iPhone 4S in the  first quarter of 2012 and the Company’ s 
ability to meet demand more quickly for iPhone 4S w hen compared to the iPhone 4 launch. Growth during the first half of 2012 was also 
favorably impacted by the addition of a 14 week in the first quarter of 2012 and strong unit s ales of iPad during the holiday season, resulting i n 
a 111% increase in iPad unit sales during the first  quarter of 2012 compared to the same quarter in 20 11.  
Fiscal Year 2011 versus 2010  
Net sales during 2011 increased $43.0 billion or 66 % compared to 2010. Several factors contributed pos itively to this increase, including the 
following:  
   
   
   
   
Partially offsetting the positive factors contribut ing to the overall increase in net sales was a decr ease in iPod net sales of $821 million or 10% 
during 2011 compared to 2010. Similarly, iPod unit sales decreased by 15% in 2011 compared to 2010. Ho wever, net sales per iPod unit sold 
increased during 2011 compared to 2010 due primaril y  
   
32    •   Net sales of iPhone and related products and servic es were $47.1 billion in 2011, representing an incr ease of $21.9 billion or 87% 
compared to 2010. iPhone unit sales totaled 72.3 mi llion during 2011, representing an increase of 32.3  million units or 81% 
compared to 2010. iPhone year-over-year net sales g rowth reflected strong demand for iPhone 4 in all o f the Company’ s operating 
segments. The expanded U.S. distribution of iPhone to the Verizon Wireless network beginning in Februa ry 2011, continued 
expansion into new countries, and increased distrib ution with other new carriers and resellers also co ntributed to the year-over- year 
growth of iPhone. Net sales of iPhone and related p roducts and services accounted for 43% and 39% of t he Company’ s total net sales 
for 2011 and 2010, respectively.  
  •   Net sales of iPad and related products and services , which the Company introduced in the third quarter  of 2010, were $20.4 billion in 
2011, representing an increase of $15.4 billion or 311% compared to 2010. Unit sales of iPad were 32.4  million during 2011, an 
increase of 334% from 2010. The year-over- year unit growth and net sales growth were driven b y strong iPad demand in all of the 
Company’s operating segments. Net sales of iPad and  related products and services accounted for 19% an d 8% of the Company’ s 
total net sales for 2011 and 2010, respectively.  
  •   Mac net sales were $21.8 billion in 2011, represent ing an increase of $4.3 billion or 25% compared to 2010. Mac unit sales increased 
by 3.1 million or 22% in 2011 compared to 2010. The  year-over- year growth in Mac net sales and unit sales was due  primarily to 
higher demand in all of the Company’ s operating segments for MacBook Air and MacBook Pr o, which were updated in July 2011 
and February 2011, respectively. The year-over- year revenue growth for portables and desktops was 36% and 4%, respectively. Mac 
net sales accounted for 20% and 27% of the Company ’s total net sales for 2011 and 2010, respectively.  
  •   Net sales of other music related products and servi ces were $6.3 billion in 2011, representing an incr ease of $1.4 billion or 28% 
compared to 2010. The increase was due primarily to  increased net sales from the iTunes Store, which w as largely driven by App 
Store expansion into new countries that contributed  to strong growth in all of the Company’ s geographic segments. During 2011, net 
sales for the iTunes Store, App Store and iBookstor e was $5.4 billion, representing an increase of 33%  compared to 2010. The 
Company believes this continued growth was the resu lt of heightened consumer interest in downloading t hird-party digital content, 
continued growth in its customer base of iOS device s, expansion of third- party audio and video content available via the iTu nes 
Store, and continued interest in and growth of the App Store. Net sales of other music related product s and services accounted for 6% 
and 8% of the Company ’s total net sales for 2011 and 2010, respectively.  th Table of Contents  
to a shift in iPod product mix toward iPod touch. N et sales of iPod accounted for 7% and 13% of the Co mpany’s total net sales for 2011 and 
2010, respectively.  
Segment Operating Performance  
The Company manages its business primarily on a geo graphic basis. The Company’ s reportable operating segments consist of the Amer icas, 
Europe, Japan, Asia-Pacific and Retail operations. The results of the Americas, Europe, Japan and Asia -Pacific segments do not include results 
of the Retail segment. The Americas segment include s both North and South America. The Europe segment includes European countries, as well 
as the Middle East and Africa. The Asia- Pacific segment includes Australia and Asian countr ies, other than Japan. The Retail segment operates 
Apple retail stores in 13 countries, including the U.S. Each operating segment provides similar hardwa re and software products and similar 
services. Further information regarding the Company ’s operating segments may be found in Part II, Item  8 of this Form 10- K in the Notes to 
Consolidated Financial Statements in Note 8, “Segme nt Information and Geographic Data.”  
Americas  
Net sales in the Americas segment increased $19.2 b illion or 50% during 2012 compared to 2011. The gro wth in net sales during 2012 was 
primarily driven by increased demand for iPhone fol lowing the launches of iPhone 4S and iPhone 5, stro ng demand for the new iPad and iPad 2, 
and higher sales from the iTunes Store. The America s segment represented approximately 37% and 35% of the Company’ s total net sales for 
2012 and 2011, respectively.  
Net sales in the Americas segment increased $13.8 b illion or 56% during 2011 compared to 2010. The pri mary contributors to the growth in net 
sales was a significant year-over- year increase in iPhone sales from carrier expansio n and strong demand for iPhone 4 and increased sale s of 
iPad and Mac, partially offset by a decrease in iPo d sales. Higher sales of third- party digital content and applications from the iTu nes Store also 
drove an increase in net sales during 2011. The Ame ricas segment represented approximately 35% and 37%  of the Company’ s total net sales for 
2011 and 2010, respectively.  
Europe  
Net sales in the Europe segment increased $8.5 bill ion or 31% during 2012 compared to 2011. The growth  in net sales during 2012 was 
primarily driven by strong demand for the new iPad and iPad 2, higher sales from the iTunes Store and increased demand for iPhone from the 
launch of iPhone 4S. iPhone 5 was launched in a lim ited number of countries in the Europe segment at t he end of the fourth quarter of 2012 and 
did not contribute to the growth in net sales in th e Europe segment to the extent it did in other segm ents. Lower year-over- year growth in net 
sales in the Europe segment during 2012 compared to  the Company’ s other geographic segments reflects growth in iPho ne unit sales that was 
well below the growth rates experienced by the Comp any’s other operating segments, partially offset by str ong growth in iPad unit sales. Net 
sales in the Europe segment were also negatively im pacted by the region’ s uncertain economic conditions and the strength in  the U.S. dollar 
relative to several European currencies, including the euro. The Europe segment represented approximat ely 23% and 26% of the Company’ s 
total net sales for 2012 and 2011, respectively.  
Net sales in the Europe segment increased $9.1 bill ion or 49% during 2011 compared to 2010. The increa se in net sales during 2011 was 
attributable primarily to the continued year-over- year increase in iPhone sales from carrier expansio n and strong demand for iPhone 4, and 
increased sales of iPad and Mac, partially offset b y a decrease in iPod sales. The Europe segment repr esented 26% and 29% of the Company’ s 
total net sales for 2011 and 2010, respectively.  
   
33  Table of Contents  
Japan  
Net sales in the Japan segment increased $5.1 billi on or 94% during 2012 compared to 2011. The growth in net sales during 2012 was primarily 
driven by increased demand for iPhone following the  launches of iPhone 4S and iPhone 5, expanded distr ibution with a new iPhone carrier, 
strong demand for the new iPad and iPad 2, higher s ales from the iTunes Store, and strength in the Jap anese Yen relative to the U.S. dollar. The 
Japan segment represented approximately 7% and 5% o f the Company’s total net sales for 2012 and 2011, respectively.  
Net sales in the Japan segment increased $1.5 billi on or 37% during 2011 compared to 2010. The key con tributors to Japan ’s net sales growth 
were increased iPhone sales, strong sales of iPad, increased sales of Mac, and strength in the Japanes e Yen relative to the U.S. dollar. The Japan 
segment represented 5% and 6% of the Company’s tota l net sales for 2011 and 2010, respectively.  
Asia -Pacific  
Net sales in the Asia -Pacific segment increased $10.7 billion or 47% duri ng 2012 compared to 2011. The growth in net sales d uring 2012 was 
mainly due to increased demand for iPhone from the launch of iPhone 4S, strong demand for the new iPad  and iPad 2, and higher Mac sales. 
Growth in the Asia Pacific segment was affected by the timing of iPhone and iPad product launches. iPh one 5 was launched in a limited number 
of countries in the Asia Pacific segment during the  fourth quarter of 2012 and was not launched in Chi na during 2012, and the new iPad that was 
introduced by the Company in March 2012 was not lau nched in China until the fourth quarter of 2012. Th e Asia-Pacific segment represented 
approximately 21% of the Company’s total net sales in both 2012 and 2011.  
Net sales in the Asia Pacific segment increased $14 .3 billion or 174% during 2011 compared to 2010. Th e Company experienced particularly 
strong year-over- year net sales growth in its Asia Pacific segment d uring 2011, especially in Greater China, which incl udes Hong Kong and 
Taiwan. Korea and Australia also experienced strong  year-over- year revenue growth. Higher net sales in the Asia P acific segment were due 
mainly to the increase in iPhone sales primarily at tributable to the strong demand for iPhone 4 and ca rrier expansion, strong sales of iPad, and 
increased Mac sales. The Asia Pacific segment repre sented 21% and 13% of the Company’s total net sales  in 2011 and 2010, respectively.  
Retail  
Net sales in the Retail segment increased $4.7 bill ion or 33% during 2012 compared to 2011. The growth  in net sales during 2012 was driven 
primarily by increased demand for iPhone following the launches of iPhone 4S and iPhone 5, strong dema nd for the new iPad and iPad 2, and 
higher Mac net sales. Lower year-over-year growth i n net sales in the Retail segment during 2012 compa red to the Company’ s other segments 
reflects the significant growth in iPad indirect di stribution channel expansion. The Retail segment ac counted for 12% and 13% of the Company’ s 
total net sales for 2012 and 2011, respectively.  
The Company opened 33 new retail stores during 2012 , 28 of which were outside the U.S., ending the yea r with 390 stores open compared to 
357 stores at the end of 2011. As of September 29, 2012, the Company had a total of 250 U.S. retail st ores and 140 international retail stores. 
With an average of 365 stores and 326 stores during  2012 and 2011, respectively, average revenue per s tore increased 19% to $51.5 million in 
2012 compared to $43.3 million in 2011.  
Net sales in the Retail segment increased $4.3 bill ion or 44% during 2011 compared to 2010. The increa se in net sales was driven primarily by 
strong demand for iPad, higher Mac sales, and an in crease in iPhone sales. The Company opened 40 new r etail stores during 2011, 28 of which 
were outside the U.S., ending the year with 357 sto res open compared to 317 stores at the end of 2010.  As of September 24, 2011, the Company 
had a total of 245 U.S. retail stores and 112 inter national retail stores. During 2011, the Company ha d an average of 326 stores compared to an 
average of 288 stores during 2010. The average reve nue per store increased 27% to  
   
34  Table of Contents  
$43.3 million in 2011 compared to $34.1 million in 2010. The Retail segment represented 13% and 15% of  the Company’ s total net sales in 
2011 and 2010, respectively.  
The Retail segment’s operating income was $4.7 bill ion, $3.2 billion, and $2.3 billion during 2012, 20 11, and 2010 respectively. These year-
over-year increases in Retail operating income were prim arily attributable to higher overall net sales that  resulted in significantly higher average 
revenue per store during the respective years.  
Gross Margin  
Gross margin for 2012, 2011 and 2010 are as follows  (in millions, except gross margin percentages):  
   
The gross margin percentage in 2012 was 43.9%, comp ared to 40.5% in 2011. This year-over- year increase in gross margin was largely driven 
by lower commodity and other product costs, a highe r mix of iPhone sales, and improved leverage on fix ed costs from higher net sales. The 
increase in gross margin was partially offset by th e impact of a stronger U.S. dollar. The gross margi n percentage during the first half of 2012 
was 45.9% compared to 41.4% during the second half of 2012. The primary drivers of higher gross margin  in the first half of 2012 compared to 
the second half are a higher mix of iPhone sales an d improved leverage on fixed costs from higher net sales. Additionally, gross margin in the 
second half of 2012 was also affected by the introd uction of new products with flat pricing that have higher cost structures and deliver greater 
value to customers, price reductions on certain exi sting products, higher transition costs associated with product launches, and continued 
strengthening of the U.S. dollar; partially offset by lower commodity costs.  
The gross margin percentage in 2011 was 40.5%, comp ared to 39.4% in 2010. This year-over- year increase in gross margin was largely driven 
by lower commodity and other product costs.  
The Company expects to experience decreases in its gross margin percentage in future periods, as compa red to levels achieved during 2012, and 
the Company anticipates gross margin of about 36% d uring the first quarter of 2013. Expected future de clines in gross margin are largely due to 
a higher mix of new and innovative products with fl at or reduced pricing that have higher cost structu res and deliver greater value to customers 
and anticipated component cost and other cost incre ases. Future strengthening of the U.S. dollar could  further negatively impact gross margin.  
The foregoing statements regarding the Company’ s expected gross margin percentage in future period s, including the first quarter of 2013, are 
forward-looking and could differ from actual results becaus e of several factors including, but not limited to those set forth above in Part I, 
Item 1A of this Form 10-K under the heading “Risk F actors” and those described in this paragraph. In general, gross margins and margins on 
individual products will remain under downward pres sure due to a variety of factors, including continu ed industry wide global product pricing 
pressures, increased competition, compressed produc t life cycles, product transitions and potential in creases in the cost of components, as well as 
potential increases in the costs of outside manufac turing services and a potential shift in the Compan y’s sales mix towards products with lower 
gross margins. In response to competitive pressures , the Company expects it will continue to take prod uct pricing actions, which would 
adversely affect gross margins. Gross margins could  also be affected by the Company’ s ability to manage product quality and warranty co sts 
effectively and to stimulate demand for certain of its products. Due to the Company’ s significant international operations, financial r esults can be 
significantly affected in the short-term by fluctua tions in exchange rates.  
   
35       2012      2011      2010   
Net sales     $ 156,508       $ 108,249       $ 65,225    
Cost of sales       87,846         64,431         39,541    
                                 
Gross margin     $ 68,662       $ 43,818       $ 25,684    
           
           
           
Gross margin percentage       43.9%         40.5%         39.4%    Table of Contents  
Operating Expenses  
Operating expenses for 2012, 2011, and 2010 are as follows (in millions, except for percentages):  
   
Research and Development ( “R&D”) Expense  
R&D expense increased $952 million or 39% in 2012 c ompared to 2011 and $647 million or 36% in 2011 com pared to 2010. The growth in 
R&D expense was driven by an increase in headcount and related expenses to support expanded R&D activi ties. Although total R&D expense 
increased 39% and 36% in 2012 and 2011, respectivel y, it remained fairly consistent as a percentage of  net sales.  
The Company continues to believe that focused inves tments in R&D are critical to its future growth and  competitive position in the marketplace 
and are directly related to timely development of n ew and enhanced products that are central to the Co mpany’s core business strategy. As such, 
the Company expects to make further investments in R&D to remain competitive.  
Selling, General and Administrative (“SG&A”) Expens e  
SG&A expense increased $2.4 billion or 32% during 2 012 compared to 2011 and $2.1 billion or 38% during  2011 compared to 2010. These 
increases were primarily due to the Company’ s continued expansion of its Retail segment, increa sed headcount and related expenses, higher 
spending on professional services, marketing and ad vertising programs, and increased variable costs as sociated with the overall growth of the 
Company’s net sales.  
Other Income and Expense  
Other income and expense for 2012, 2011, and 2010 a re as follows (in millions):  
   
Total other income and expense increased $107 milli on or 26% to $522 million during 2012 compared to $ 415 million and $155 million in 2011 
and 2010, respectively. The year-over- year increase in other income and expense during 20 12 was due primarily to higher interest and dividen d 
income on the Company’ s higher cash, cash equivalents and marketable secu rities balances, partially offset by higher premium  expenses on 
foreign exchange contracts. The overall increase in  other income and expense in 2011 compared to 2010 was attributable to higher interest 
income and net realized gains on sales of marketabl e securities. The weighted average interest rate ea rned by the Company on its cash, cash 
equivalents and marketable securities was 1.03%, 0. 77%, and 0.75% during 2012, 2011, and 2010, respect ively. During 2012, 2011, and 2010, 
the Company had no debt outstanding and accordingly  did not incur any related interest expense.  
Provision for Income Taxes  
The Company’s effective tax rates were approximatel y 25.2%, 24.2%, and 24.4% for 2012, 2011, and 2010,  respectively. The Company’ s 
effective rates for these periods differ from the s tatutory federal income tax rate of  
   
36       2012      2011      2010   
Research and development     $ 3,381       $ 2,429       $ 1,782    
Percentage of net sales       2%         2%         3%    
Selling, general and administrative     $ 10,040       $ 7,599       $ 5,517    
Percentage of net sales       6%         7%         8%    
     2012     2011     2010   
Interest and dividend income     $  1,088      $    519      $    311    
Other expense, net       (566 )        (104 )        (156 )    
                               
Total other income/(expense), net     $ 522      $ 415      $ 155    
           
          
          Table of Contents  
35% due primarily to certain undistributed foreign earnings for which no U.S. taxes are provided becau se such earnings are intended to be 
indefinitely reinvested outside the U.S.  
As of September 29, 2012, the Company had deferred tax assets arising from deductible temporary differ ences, tax losses, and tax credits of $4.0 
billion, and deferred tax liabilities of $14.9 bill ion. Management believes it is more likely than not  that forecasted income, including income that 
may be generated as a result of certain tax plannin g strategies, together with future reversals of exi sting taxable temporary differences, will be 
sufficient to fully recover the deferred tax assets . The Company will continue to evaluate the realiza bility of deferred tax assets quarterly by 
assessing the need for and amount of a valuation al lowance.  
The Internal Revenue Service (the “IRS”) has comple ted its field audit of the Company’ s federal income tax returns for the years 2004 thr ough 
2006 and proposed certain adjustments. The Company has contested certain of these adjustments through the IRS Appeals Office. The IRS is 
currently examining the years 2007 through 2009. Al l IRS audit issues for years prior to 2004 have bee n resolved. In addition, the Company is 
subject to audits by state, local, and foreign tax authorities. Management believes that adequate prov isions have been made for any adjustments 
that may result from tax examinations. However, the  outcome of tax audits cannot be predicted with cer tainty. If any issues addressed in the 
Company’s tax audits are resolved in a manner not c onsistent with management’ s expectations, the Company could be required to ad just its 
provision for income taxes in the period such resol ution occurs.  
Liquidity and Capital Resources  
The following table presents selected financial inf ormation and statistics as of and for the years end ed September 29, 2012, September 24, 2011, 
and September 25, 2010 (in millions):  
   
As of September 29, 2012, the Company had $121.3 bi llion in cash, cash equivalents and marketable secu rities, an increase of $39.7 billion or 
49% from September 24, 2011. The principal componen ts of this net increase was the cash generated by o perating activities of $50.9 billion, 
which was partially offset by payments for acquisit ion of property, plant and equipment of $8.3 billio n, payments for acquisition of intangible 
assets of $1.1 billion and payments of dividends an d dividend equivalent rights of $2.5 billion.  
The Company’s marketable securities investment port folio is invested primarily in highly- rated securities and its investment policy generall y 
limits the amount of credit exposure to any one iss uer. The policy requires investments generally to b e investment grade with the objective of 
minimizing the potential risk of principal loss. As  of September 29, 2012 and September 24, 2011, $82. 6 billion and $54.3 billion, respectively, 
of the Company’s cash, cash equivalents and marketa ble securities were held by foreign subsidiaries an d are generally based in U.S. dollar-
denominated holdings. Amounts held by foreign subsi diaries are generally subject to U.S. income taxati on on repatriation to the U.S. The 
Company believes its existing balances of cash, cas h equivalents and marketable securities will be suf ficient to satisfy its working capital needs, 
capital asset purchases, outstanding commitments, c ommon stock repurchases, dividends on its common st ock, and other liquidity requirements 
associated with its existing operations over the ne xt 12 months.  
Capital Assets  
The Company’ s capital expenditures were $10.3 billion during 20 12, consisting of $865 million for retail store fac ilities and $9.5 billion for 
other capital expenditures, including product tooli ng and manufacturing process  
   
37       2012      2011      2010   
Cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities     $ 121,251       $ 81,570       $ 51,011    
Accounts receivable, net     $ 10,930       $ 5,369       $ 5,510    
Inventories     $ 791       $ 776       $ 1,051    
Working capital     $ 19,111       $ 17,018       $ 20,956    
Annual operating cash flow     $ 50,856       $ 37,529       $ 18,595    Table of Contents  
equipment, and other corporate facilities and infra structure. The Company’ s actual cash payments for capital expenditures dur ing 2012 were $8.3 
billion.  
The Company anticipates utilizing approximately $10  billion for capital expenditures during 2013, incl uding approximately $850 million for 
retail store facilities and approximately $9.15 bil lion for other capital expenditures, including prod uct tooling and manufacturing process 
equipment, and corporate facilities and infrastruct ure, including information systems hardware, softwa re and enhancements.  
During 2013, the Company expects to open about 30 t o 35 new retail stores, with approximately three-qu arters located outside of the U.S.  
Dividend and Stock Repurchase Program  
In March 2012, the Board of Directors of the Compan y approved a dividend policy pursuant to which it p lans to pay, subject to subsequent 
declaration, quarterly dividends of $2.65 per share . The Company expects to pay approximately $2.5 bil lion each quarter in conjunction with the 
quarterly declared dividends.  
In March 2012, the Company’s Board of Directors aut horized a program to repurchase up to $10 billion o f the Company’ s common stock 
beginning in 2013. The repurchase program is expect ed to be executed over a three- year period with the primary objective of neutraliz ing the 
impact of dilution from future employee equity gran ts and employee stock purchase programs. The repurc hase program does not obligate the 
Company to acquire any specific number of shares. T he Company anticipates that it will utilize approxi mately $45 billion of domestic cash to 
pay dividends, repurchase shares, and to remit with held taxes related to net share settlement of restr icted stock units in the first three years of the 
dividend and stock repurchase programs. The Company  anticipates the cash used for future dividends and  the repurchase program will come 
primarily from current domestic cash and from on-go ing U.S. operating activities and the cash generate d from such activities.  
Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements and Contractual Obli gations  
The Company has not entered into any transactions w ith unconsolidated entities whereby the Company has  financial guarantees, subordinated 
retained interests, derivative instruments, or othe r contingent arrangements that expose the Company t o material continuing risks, contingent 
liabilities, or any other obligation under a variab le interest in an unconsolidated entity that provid es financing, liquidity, market risk, or credit 
risk support to the Company.  
The following table presents certain payments due b y the Company under contractual obligations with mi nimum firm commitments as of 
September 29, 2012 and excludes amounts already rec orded on the Consolidated Balance Sheet (in million s):  
   
Lease Commitments  
The Company’ s major facility leases are typically for terms not  exceeding 10 years and generally provide renewal o ptions for terms not 
exceeding five additional years. Leases for retail space are for terms ranging from  
   
38           Total          Payments 
 
Due  in  
Less  
Than  
1 Year      Payments 
 
Due in  
1-3 Years      Payments 
 
Due in  
4-5 Years      Payments 
 
Due  in  
More  
Than  
5 Years   
Operating leases     $ 4,414       $ 516       $ 1,098       $ 999       $ 1,801    
Purchase obligations       21,053         21,053         0         0         0    
Other obligations       988         937         49         2         0    
                                                       
Total     $ 26,455       $ 22,506       $ 1,147       $ 1,001       $ 1,801    
           
           
           
           
           Table of Contents  
five to 20 years, the majority of which are for 10 years, and often contain multi-year renewal options . As of September 29, 2012, the Company’ s 
total future minimum lease payments under noncancel able operating leases were $4.4 billion, of which $ 3.1 billion related to leases for retail 
space.  
Purchase Commitments with Outsourcing Partners and Component Suppliers  
The Company utilizes several outsourcing partners t o manufacture sub-assemblies for the Company’ s products and to perform final assembly 
and testing of finished products. These outsourcing  partners acquire components and build product base d on demand information supplied by the 
Company, which typically covers periods up to 150 d ays. The Company also obtains individual components  for its products from a wide variety 
of individual suppliers. Consistent with industry p ractice, the Company acquires components through a combination of purchase orders, supplier 
contracts, and open orders based on projected deman d information. As of September 29, 2012, the Compan y had outstanding off- balance sheet 
third-party manufacturing commitments and component  purchase commitments of $21.1 billion.  
Other Obligations  
In addition to the off- balance sheet commitments mentioned above, the Comp any had outstanding obligations of $988 million as of 
September 29, 2012, that were comprised mainly of c ommitments to acquire capital assets, including pro duct tooling and manufacturing process 
equipment, and commitments related to advertising, research and development, Internet and telecommunic ations services and other obligations.  
The Company’s other non- current liabilities in the Consolidated Balance She ets consist primarily of deferred tax liabilities, gross unrecognized 
tax benefits and the related gross interest and pen alties. As of September 29, 2012, the Company had n on-current deferred tax liabilities of $13.8 
billion. Additionally, as of September 29, 2012, th e Company had gross unrecognized tax benefits of $2 .1 billion and an additional $401 million 
for gross interest and penalties classified as non- current liabilities. At this time, the Company is u nable to make a reasonably reliable estimate of 
the timing of payments in individual years in conne ction with these tax liabilities; therefore, such a mounts are not included in the above 
contractual obligation table.  
Indemnification  
The Company generally does not indemnify end- users of its operating system and application softw are against legal claims that the software 
infringes third- party intellectual property rights. Other agreement s entered into by the Company sometimes include ind emnification provisions 
under which the Company could be subject to costs a nd/or damages in the event of an infringement claim  against the Company or an 
indemnified third- party. However, the Company has not been required t o make any significant payments resulting from such  an infringement 
claim asserted against it or an indemnified third- party. In the opinion of management, there was not at least a reasonable possibility the Company 
may have incurred a material loss with respect to i ndemnification of end- users of its operating system or application softwa re for infringement of 
third-party intellectual property rights. The Company did  not record a liability for infringement costs rela ted to indemnification as of 
September 29, 2012 or September 24, 2011.  
The Company has entered into indemnification agreem ents with its directors and executive officers. Und er these agreements, the Company has 
agreed to indemnify such individuals to the fullest  extent permitted by law against liabilities that a rise by reason of their status as directors or 
officers and to advance expenses incurred by such i ndividuals in connection with related legal proceed ings. It is not possible to determine the 
maximum potential amount of payments the Company co uld be required to make under these agreements due to the limited history of prior 
indemnification claims and the unique facts and cir cumstances involved in each claim. However, the Com pany maintains directors and officers 
liability insurance coverage to reduce its exposure  to such obligations, and payments made under these  agreements historically have not been 
material.  
   
39  Table of Contents  
Interest Rate and Foreign Currency Risk Management  
The Company regularly reviews its foreign exchange forward and option positions, both on a stand- alone basis and in conjunction with its 
underlying foreign currency and interest rate relat ed exposures. Given the effective horizons of the C ompany’s risk management activities and 
the anticipatory nature of the exposures, there can  be no assurance these positions will offset more t han a portion of the financial impact resulting 
from movements in either foreign exchange or intere st rates. Further, the recognition timing of gains and losses related to these instruments for 
any given period may not coincide with the timing o f gains and losses related to the underlying econom ic exposures and, therefore, may 
adversely affect the Company’s financial condition and operating results.  
Interest Rate Risk  
While the Company is exposed to interest rate fluct uations in many of the world’s leading industrializ ed countries, the Company’ s interest 
income and expense is most sensitive to fluctuation s in U.S. interest rates. Changes in U.S. interest rates affect the interest earned on the 
Company’s cash, cash equivalents and marketable sec urities, the fair value of those securities, as wel l as costs associated with hedging.  
The Company’ s investment policy and strategy are focused on pre servation of capital and supporting the liquidity r equirements of the Company. 
A portion of the Company’s cash is managed by exter nal managers within the guidelines of the Company’ s investment policy and to objective 
market benchmarks. The Company’s internal portfolio  is benchmarked against external manager performanc e.  
The Company’s exposure to changes in interest rates  relates primarily to the Company’ s investment portfolio. The Company typically inves ts in 
highly-rated securities, and its investment policy general ly limits the amount of credit exposure to any one issuer. The policy requires 
investments generally to be investment grade, with the primary objective of minimizing the potential r isk of principal loss.  
To provide a meaningful assessment of the interest rate risk associated with the Company’ s investment portfolio, the Company performed a 
sensitivity analysis to determine the impact a chan ge in interest rates would have on the value of the  investment portfolio assuming a 100 basis 
point parallel shift in the yield curve. Based on i nvestment positions as of September 29, 2012, a hyp othetical 100 basis point increase in interest 
rates across all maturities would result in a $2.1 billion incremental decline in the fair market valu e of the portfolio. As of September 24, 2011, a 
similar 100 basis point shift in the yield curve wo uld result in a $913 million incremental decline in  the fair market value of the portfolio. Such 
losses would only be realized if the Company sold t he investments prior to maturity.  
Foreign Currency Risk  
In general, the Company is a net receiver of curren cies other than the U.S. dollar. Accordingly, chang es in exchange rates, and in particular a 
strengthening of the U.S. dollar, will negatively a ffect the Company’ s net sales and gross margins as expressed in U.S. dollars. There is a risk 
that the Company will have to adjust local currency  product pricing due to competitive pressures when there have been significant volatility in 
foreign currency exchange rates.  
The Company may enter into foreign currency forward  and option contracts with financial institutions t o protect against foreign exchange risks 
associated with certain existing assets and liabili ties, certain firmly committed transactions, foreca sted future cash flows, and net investments in 
foreign subsidiaries. Generally, the Company’ s practice is to hedge a majority of its material f oreign exchange exposures, typically for up to six 
months. However, the Company may choose not to hedg e certain foreign exchange exposures for a variety of reasons, including but not limited 
to accounting considerations and the prohibitive ec onomic cost of hedging particular exposures.  
   
40  Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Mark et Risk Table of Contents  
To provide a meaningful assessment of the foreign c urrency risk associated with certain of the Company ’s foreign currency derivative positions, 
the Company performed a sensitivity analysis using a value-at-risk (“VAR”) model to assess the potential impact of fluctuation s in exchange 
rates. The VAR model consisted of using a Monte Car lo simulation to generate thousands of random marke t price paths assuming normal market 
conditions. The VAR is the maximum expected loss in  fair value, for a given confidence interval, to th e Company’ s foreign currency derivative 
positions due to adverse movements in rates. The VA R model is not intended to represent actual losses but is used as a risk estimation and 
management tool. The model assumes normal market co nditions. Forecasted transactions, firm commitments , and assets and liabilities 
denominated in foreign currencies were excluded fro m the model. Based on the results of the model, the  Company estimates with 95% 
confidence a maximum one-day loss in fair value of $200 million as of September 29, 2012 compared to a  maximum one- day loss in fair value 
of $161 million as of September 24, 2011. Because t he Company uses foreign currency instruments for he dging purposes, the loss in fair value 
incurred on those instruments are generally offset by increases in the fair value of the underlying ex posures.  
Actual future gains and losses associated with the Company’ s investment portfolio and derivative positions may  differ materially from the 
sensitivity analyses performed as of September 29, 2012 due to the inherent limitations associated wit h predicting the timing and amount of 
changes in interest rates, foreign currency exchang es rates and the Company’s actual exposures and pos itions.  
   
41  Table of Contents  
   
All financial statement schedules have been omitted , since the required information is not applicable or is not present in amounts sufficient to 
require submission of the schedule, or because the information required is included in the consolidate d financial statements and notes thereto.  
   
42  Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
Index to Consolidated Financial Statements    Page   
Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years  ended September 29, 2012, September  24, 2011, and  September 25, 2010       43    
Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 29, 201 2 and September 24, 2011       44    
Consolidated Statements of Shareholders’ Equity for  the years ended September 29, 2012,  September 24,  2011, and September 25, 
2010       45    
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years  ended September 29, 2012, September  24, 2011, and  September 25, 2010       46    
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements       47    
Selected Quarterly Financial Information (Unaudited )       74    
Reports of Ernst & Young LLP, Independent Registere d Public Accounting Firm       75    Table of Contents  
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS  
(In millions, except number of shares which are ref lected in thousands and per share amounts)  
   
See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial St atements.  
   
43         Years ended   
       September 29, 2012      September 24, 2011      September 25, 2010   
Net sales     $ 156,508       $ 108,249       $ 65,225    
Cost of sales       87,846         64,431         39,541    
                                 
Gross margin       68,662         43,818         25,684    
                                 
Operating expenses:           
Research and development       3,381         2,429         1,782    
Selling, general and administrative       10,040         7,599         5,517    
                                 
Total operating expenses       13,421         10,028         7,299    
                                 
Operating income       55,241         33,790         18,385    
Other income/(expense), net       522         415         155    
                                 
Income before provision for income taxes       55,763         34,205         18,540    
Provision for income taxes       14,030         8,283         4,527    
                                 
Net income     $ 41,733       $ 25,922       $ 14,013    
           
           
           
Earnings per share:           
Basic     $ 44.64       $ 28.05       $ 15.41    
Diluted     $ 44.15       $ 27.68       $ 15.15    
Shares used in computing earnings per share:           
Basic       934,818         924,258         909,461    
Diluted       945,355         936,645         924,712    
Cash dividends declared per common share     $ 2.65       $ 0.00       $ 0.00    Table of Contents  
CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS  
(In millions, except number of shares which are ref lected in thousands)  
   
See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial St atements.  
   
44       September 29, 2012      September 24, 2011   
ASSETS:       
Current assets:        
Cash and cash equivalents     $ 10,746       $ 9,815    
Short -term marketable securities       18,383         16,137    
Accounts receivable, less allowances of $98 and $53 , respectively       10,930         5,369    
Inventories       791         776    
Deferred tax assets       2,583         2,014    
Vendor non -trade receivables       7,762         6,348    
Other current assets       6,458         4,529    
                      
Total current assets       57,653         44,988    
Long -term marketable securities       92,122         55,618    
Property, plant and equipment, net       15,452         7,777    
Goodwill       1,135         896    
Acquired intangible assets, net       4,224         3,536    
Other assets       5,478         3,556    
                      
Total assets     $ 176,064       $ 116,371    
           
           
LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS ’ EQUITY:       
Current liabilities:        
Accounts payable     $ 21,175       $ 14,632    
Accrued expenses       11,414         9,247    
Deferred revenue       5,953         4,091    
                      
Total current liabilities       38,542         27,970    
Deferred revenue - non -current       2,648         1,686    
Other non -current liabilities       16,664         10,100    
                      
Total liabilities       57,854         39,756    
                      
Commitments and contingencies        
Shareholders ’ equity:        
Common stock, no par value; 1,800,000 shares author ized; 939,208 and 929,277 
shares issued and outstanding, respectively       16,422         13,331    
Retained earnings       101,289         62,841    
Accumulated other comprehensive income       499         443    
                      
Total shareholders ’ equity       118,210         76,615    
                      
Total liabilities and shareholders ’ equity     $ 176,064       $ 116,371    
         
  
         
  Table of Contents  
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY  
(In millions, except number of shares which are ref lected in thousands)  
   
See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial St atements.  
   
45      Common Stock     
Retained  
Earnings     Accum -  
ulated  
Other  
Compre-  
hensive  
Income/  
(Loss)     Total  
Share-  
holders’  
Equity       Shares     Amount         
Balances as of September 26, 2009      899,806      $ 8,210      $ 23,353      $ 77      $ 31,640    
                                                  
Components of comprehensive income:            
Net income      0        0        14,013        0        14,013    
Change in foreign currency translation      0        0        0        7        7    
Change in unrealized gains/losses on marketable sec urities, net of tax      0        0        0        123        123    
Change in unrecognized gains/losses on derivative i nstruments, net of 
tax      0        0        0        (253 )      (253 )  
                  
Total comprehensive income              13,890    
Share -based compensation      0        876        0        0        876    
Common stock issued under stock plans, net of share s withheld for 
employee taxes      16,164        703        (197 )      0        506    
Tax benefit from equity awards, including transfer pricing adjustments      0        879        0        0        879    
                                                  
Balances as of September 25, 2010      915,970        10,668        37,169        (46 )      47,791    
                                                  
Components of comprehensive income:            
Net income      0        0        25,922        0        25,922    
Change in foreign currency translation      0        0        0        (12 )      (12 )  
Change in unrealized gains/losses on marketable sec urities, net of tax      0        0        0        (41 )      (41 )  
Change in unrecognized gains/losses on derivative i nstruments, net of 
tax      0        0        0        542        542    
                  
Total comprehensive income              26,411    
Share -based compensation      0        1,168        0        0        1,168    
Common stock issued under stock plans, net of share s withheld for 
employee taxes      13,307        561        (250 )      0        311    
Tax benefit from equity awards, including transfer pricing adjustments      0        934        0        0        934    
                                                  
Balances as of September 24, 2011      929,277        13,331        62,841        443        76,615    
                                                  
Components of comprehensive income:            
Net income      0        0        41,733        0        41,733    
Change in foreign currency translation      0        0        0        (15 )      (15 )  
Change in unrealized gains/losses on marketable sec urities, net of tax      0        0        0        601        601    
Change in unrecognized gains/losses on derivative i nstruments, net of 
tax      0        0        0        (530 )      (530 )  
                  
Total comprehensive income              41,789    
Dividends and dividend equivalent rights declared      0        0        (2,523 )      0        (2,523 )  
Share -based compensation      0        1,740        0        0        1,740    
Common stock issued under stock plans, net of share s withheld for 
employee taxes      9,931        200        (762 )      0        (562 )  
Tax benefit from equity awards, including transfer pricing adjustments      0        1,151        0        0        1,151    
                                                  
Balances as of September 29, 2012        939,208      $   16,422      $ 101,289      $        499      $ 118,210    
          
          
          
          
          Table of Contents  
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS  
(In millions)  
   
See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial St atements.  
   
46         Years ended   
       September 29, 
 
2012     September 24, 
 
2011     September 25, 
 
2010   
Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of the year     $ 9,815      $ 11,261      $ 5,263    
                               
Operating activities:         
Net income       41,733        25,922        14,013    
Adjustments to reconcile net income to cash generat ed by operating activities:         
Depreciation and amortization       3,277        1,814        1,027    
Share -based compensation expense       1,740        1,168        879    
Deferred income tax expense       4,405        2,868        1,440    
Changes in operating assets and liabilities:         
Accounts receivable, net       (5,551 )      143        (2,142 )  
Inventories       (15 )      275        (596 )  
Vendor non -trade receivables       (1,414 )      (1,934 )      (2,718 )  
Other current and non -current assets       (3,162 )      (1,391 )      (1,610 )  
Accounts payable       4,467        2,515        6,307    
Deferred revenue       2,824        1,654        1,217    
Other current and non -current liabilities       2,552        4,495        778    
                               
Cash generated by operating activities       50,856        37,529        18,595    
                               
Investing activities:         
Purchases of marketable securities       (151,232 )      (102,317 )      (57,793 )  
Proceeds from maturities of marketable securities       13,035        20,437        24,930    
Proceeds from sales of marketable securities       99,770        49,416        21,788    
Payments made in connection with business acquisiti ons, net of cash acquired       (350 )      (244 )      (638 )  
Payments for acquisition of property, plant and equ ipment       (8,295 )      (4,260 )      (2,005 )  
Payments for acquisition of intangible assets       (1,107 )      (3,192 )      (116 )  
Other       (48 )      (259 )      (20 )  
                               
Cash used in investing activities       (48,227 )      (40,419 )      (13,854 )  
                               
Financing activities:         
Proceeds from issuance of common stock       665        831        912    
Excess tax benefits from equity awards       1,351        1,133        751    
Dividends and dividend equivalent rights paid       (2,488 )      0        0    
Taxes paid related to net share settlement of equit y awards       (1,226 )      (520 )      (406 )  
                               
Cash (used in)/generated by financing activities       (1,698 )      1,444        1,257    
                               
Increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents       931        (1,446 )      5,998    
                               
Cash and cash equivalents, end of the year     $ 10,746      $ 9,815      $   11,261    
           
          
          
Supplemental cash flow disclosure:         
Cash paid for income taxes, net     $ 7,682      $ 3,338      $ 2,697    Table of Contents  
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
Note 1 – Summary of Significant Accounting Policies   
Apple Inc. and its wholly-owned subsidiaries (colle ctively “Apple” or the “Company”) designs, manufactures, and markets mobile 
communication and media devices, personal computers , and portable digital music players, and sells a v ariety of related software, services, 
peripherals, networking solutions, and third- party digital content and applications. The Company  sells its products worldwide through its retail 
stores, online stores, and direct sales force, as w ell as through third-party cellular network carrier s, wholesalers, retailers and value- added 
resellers. In addition, the Company sells a variety  of third-party iPhone, iPad, Mac, and iPod compatible produc ts including application software, 
and various accessories through its online and reta il stores. The Company sells to consumers, small an d mid-sized businesses, and education, 
enterprise and government customers.  
Basis of Presentation and Preparation  
The accompanying consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company. Intercompany a ccounts and transactions have been 
eliminated. The preparation of these consolidated f inancial statements in conformity with U.S. general ly accepted accounting principles 
(“GAAP”) requires management to make estimates and assumptio ns that affect the amounts reported in these consol idated financial statements 
and accompanying notes. Actual results could differ  materially from those estimates. Certain prior yea r amounts in the consolidated financial 
statements and notes thereto have been reclassified  to conform to the current year’ s presentation. Prior period costs associated with the 
Company’s high-profile retail stores have been recl assified to conform to the current period’s present ation. Refer to Note 8, “ Segment 
Information and Geographic Data” of this Form 10-K.   
The Company’s fiscal year is the 52 or 53-week peri od that ends on the last Saturday of September. The  Company’ s fiscal years 2012, 2011 and 
2010 ended on September 29, 2012, September 24, 201 1, and September 25, 2010, respectively. An additio nal week is included in the first fiscal 
quarter approximately every six years to realign fi scal quarters with calendar quarters. Fiscal year 2 012 spanned 53 weeks, with a 14th week 
included in the first quarter of 2012. Fiscal years  2011 and 2010 spanned 52 weeks each. Unless otherw ise stated, references to particular years 
or quarters refer to the Company’s fiscal years end ed in September and the associated quarters of thos e fiscal years.  
Revenue Recognition  
Net sales consist primarily of revenue from the sal e of hardware, software, digital content and applic ations, peripherals, and service and support 
contracts. The Company recognizes revenue when pers uasive evidence of an arrangement exists, delivery has occurred, the sales price is fixed or 
determinable, and collection is probable. Product i s considered delivered to the customer once it has been shipped and title and risk of loss have 
been transferred. For most of the Company’ s product sales, these criteria are met at the time  the product is shipped. For online sales to 
individuals, for some sales to education customers in the U.S., and for certain other sales, the Compa ny defers revenue until the customer 
receives the product because the Company retains a portion of the risk of loss on these sales during t ransit. The Company recognizes revenue 
from the sale of hardware products, software bundle d with hardware that is essential to the functional ity of the hardware, and third- party digital 
content sold on the iTunes Store in accordance with  general revenue recognition accounting guidance. T he Company recognizes revenue in 
accordance with industry specific software accounti ng guidance for the following types of sales transa ctions: (i) standalone sales of software 
products, (ii) sales of software upgrades and (iii)  sales of software bundled with hardware not essent ial to the functionality of the hardware.  
For the sale of most third- party products, the Company recognizes revenue base d on the gross amount billed to customers because t he Company 
establishes its own pricing for such products, reta ins related inventory risk for physical products, i s the primary obligor to the customer and 
assumes the credit risk for amounts billed to its  
   
47  Table of Contents  
customers. For third- party applications sold through the App Store and M ac App Store and certain digital content sold throu gh the iTunes Store, 
the Company does not determine the selling price of  the products and is not the primary obligor to the  customer. Therefore, the Company 
accounts for such sales on a net basis by recognizi ng in net sales only the commission it retains from  each sale. The portion of the gross amount 
billed to customers that is remitted by the Company  to third- party app developers and certain digital content ow ners is not reflected in the 
Company’s Consolidated Statements of Operations.  
The Company records deferred revenue when it receiv es payments in advance of the delivery of products or the performance of services. This 
includes amounts that have been deferred for unspec ified and specified software upgrade rights and non -software services that are attached to 
hardware and software products. The Company sells g ift cards redeemable at its retail and online store s, and also sells gift cards redeemable on 
the iTunes Store for the purchase of digital conten t and software. The Company records deferred revenu e upon the sale of the card, which is 
relieved upon redemption of the card by the custome r. Revenue from AppleCare service and support contr acts is deferred and recognized over 
the service coverage periods. AppleCare service and  support contracts typically include extended phone  support, repair services, web- based 
support resources and diagnostic tools offered unde r the Company’s standard limited warranty.  
The Company records reductions to revenue for estim ated commitments related to price protection and ot her customer incentive programs. For 
transactions involving price protection, the Compan y recognizes revenue net of the estimated amount to  be refunded. For the Company’ s other 
customer incentive programs, the estimated cost of these programs is recognized at the later of the da te at which the Company has sold the 
product or the date at which the program is offered . The Company also records reductions to revenue fo r expected future product returns based 
on the Company’ s historical experience. Revenue is recorded net of  taxes collected from customers that are remitted t o governmental authorities, 
with the collected taxes recorded as current liabil ities until remitted to the relevant government aut hority.  
Revenue Recognition for Arrangements with Multiple Deliverables  
For multi-element arrangements that include hardwar e products containing software essential to the har dware product’ s functionality, 
undelivered software elements that relate to the ha rdware product’s essential software, and undelivere d non-software services, the Company 
allocates revenue to all deliverables based on thei r relative selling prices. In such circumstances, t he Company uses a hierarchy to determine the 
selling price to be used for allocating revenue to deliverables: (i) vendor-specific objective evidenc e of fair value (“VSOE”), (ii) third- party 
evidence of selling price (“TPE”), and (iii) best e stimate of selling price (“ESP”). VSOE generally exists only when the Company sells t he 
deliverable separately and is the price actually ch arged by the Company for that deliverable. ESPs ref lect the Company’ s best estimates of what 
the selling prices of elements would be if they wer e sold regularly on a stand-alone basis. For multi- element arrangements accounted for in 
accordance with industry specific software accounti ng guidance, the Company allocates revenue to all d eliverables based on the VSOE of each 
element, and if VSOE does not exist revenue is reco gnized when elements lacking VSOE are delivered.  
For sales of qualifying versions of iPhone, iPad an d iPod touch (“iOS devices”), Mac and Apple TV, the Company has indicated it may from 
time to time provide future unspecified software up grades and features to the essential software bundl ed with each of these hardware products 
free of charge to customers. Essential software for  iOS devices includes iOS and related applications and for Mac includes OS X, related 
applications and iLife. The Company also provides v arious non- software services to owners of qualifying versions of iOS devices and Mac. The 
Company has identified up to three deliverables reg ularly included in arrangements involving the sale of these devices. The first deliverable is 
the hardware and software essential to the function ality of the hardware device delivered at the time of sale. The second deliverable is the 
embedded right included with the purchase of iOS de vices, Mac and Apple TV to receive on a when-and-if -available basis, future unspecified 
software upgrades and features relating to the prod uct’s essential software. The third deliverable is the non-software services to be provided to 
qualifying versions of iOS devices and Mac. The Com pany allocates revenue between  
   
48  Table of Contents  
these deliverables using the relative selling price  method. Because the Company has neither VSOE nor T PE for these deliverables, the allocation 
of revenue is based on the Company’ s ESPs. Revenue allocated to the delivered hardware  and the related essential software is recognized a t the 
time of sale provided the other conditions for reve nue recognition have been met. Revenue allocated to  the embedded unspecified software 
upgrade rights and the non-software services is def erred and recognized on a straight- line basis over the estimated period the software u pgrades 
and non-software services are expected to be provided for e ach of these devices, which ranges from two to four  years. Cost of sales related to 
delivered hardware and related essential software, including estimated warranty costs, are recognized at the time of sale. Costs incurred to 
provide non- software services are recognized as cost of sales a s incurred, and engineering and sales and marketing  costs are recognized as 
operating expenses as incurred.  
The Company’ s process for determining its ESP for deliverables without VSOE or TPE considers multiple factors that  may vary depending upon 
the unique facts and circumstances related to each deliverable. The Company believes its customers wou ld be reluctant to buy unspecified 
software upgrade rights for the essential software included with its qualifying hardware products. Thi s view is primarily based on the fact that 
unspecified software upgrade rights do not obligate  the Company to provide upgrades at a particular ti me or at all, and do not specify to 
customers which upgrades or features will be delive red. The Company also believes its customers would be unwilling to pay a significant 
amount for access to the non- software services because other companies offer sim ilar services at little or no cost to users. Theref ore, the 
Company has concluded that if it were to sell upgra de rights or access to the non- software services on a standalone basis, including those rights 
and services attached to iOS devices, Mac and Apple  TV, the selling prices would be relatively low. Ke y factors considered by the Company in 
developing the ESPs for software upgrade rights inc lude prices charged by the Company for similar offe rings, market trends in the pricing of 
Apple-branded and third- party Mac and iOS compatible software, the nature o f the upgrade rights (e.g., unspecified versus spec ified), and the 
relative ESP of the upgrade rights as compared to t he total selling price of the product. The Company may also consider additional factors as 
appropriate, including the impact of other products  and services provided to customers, the pricing of  competitive alternatives if they exist, 
product-specific business objectives, and the length of tim e a particular version of a device has been availab le. When relevant, the same factors 
are considered by the Company in developing ESPs fo r offerings such as the non- software services; however, the primary considerati on in 
developing ESPs for the non- software services is the estimated cost to provide such services, including consideration for a reason able profit 
margin.  
For the three years ended September 29, 2012, the C ompany’s combined ESPs for the unspecified software upgrad e rights and the rights to 
receive the non- software services included with its qualifying hard ware devices have ranged from $5 to $25. Revenue al located to such rights 
included with iOS devices and Apple TV is recognize d on a straight- line basis over two years, and revenue allocated to  such rights included with 
Mac is recognized on a straight-line basis over fou r years.  
Shipping Costs  
For all periods presented, amounts billed to custom ers related to shipping and handling are classified  as revenue, and the Company’ s shipping 
and handling costs are included in cost of sales.  
Warranty Expense  
The Company generally provides for the estimated co st of hardware and software warranties at the time the related revenue is recognized. The 
Company assesses the adequacy of its pre- existing warranty liabilities and adjusts the amoun ts as necessary based on actual experience and 
changes in future estimates.  
Software Development Costs  
Research and development costs are expensed as incu rred. Development costs of computer software to be sold, leased, or otherwise marketed are 
subject to capitalization beginning when a product’ s technological feasibility  
   
49  Table of Contents  
has been established and ending when a product is a vailable for general release to customers. In most instances, the Company’ s products are 
released soon after technological feasibility has b een established. Costs incurred subsequent to achie vement of technological feasibility were not 
significant, and generally software development cos ts were expensed as incurred during 2012, 2011 and 2010.  
Advertising Costs  
Advertising costs are expensed as incurred. Adverti sing expense was $1.0 billion, $933 million and $69 1 million for 2012, 2011 and 2010, 
respectively.  
Share-based Compensation  
The Company recognizes expense related to share- based payment transactions in which it receives emp loyee services in exchange for (a) equity 
instruments of the Company or (b) liabilities that are based on the fair value of the enterprise’ s equity instruments or that may be settled by the 
issuance of such equity instruments. Share-based co mpensation cost for restricted stock units (“RSUs”)  is measured based on the closing fair 
market value of the Company’s common stock on the d ate of grant. Share- based compensation cost for stock options is estima ted at the grant 
date based on each option’s fair-value as calculate d by the Black-Scholes-Merton (“BSM”) option- pricing model. The Company recognizes 
share-based compensation cost as expense ratably on  a straight- line basis over the requisite service period. The C ompany recognizes a benefit 
from share-based compensation in the Consolidated S tatements of Shareholders’ Equity if an incremental tax benefit is realized. I n addition, the 
Company recognizes the indirect effects of share- based compensation on research and development tax credits, foreign tax credits and domestic 
manufacturing deductions in the Consolidated Statem ents of Operations. Further information regarding s hare-based compensation can be found 
in Note 6, “Shareholders’ Equity and Share-based Co mpensation” of this Form 10-K.  
Income Taxes  
The provision for income taxes is computed using th e asset and liability method, under which deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized 
for the expected future tax consequences of tempora ry differences between the financial reporting and tax bases of assets and liabilities, and for 
operating losses and tax credit carryforwards. Defe rred tax assets and liabilities are measured using the currently enacted tax rates that apply to 
taxable income in effect for the years in which tho se tax assets are expected to be realized or settle d. The Company records a valuation 
allowance to reduce deferred tax assets to the amou nt that is believed more likely than not to be real ized.  
The Company recognizes the tax benefit from an unce rtain tax position only if it is more likely than n ot the tax position will be sustained on 
examination by the taxing authorities, based on the  technical merits of the position. The tax benefits  recognized in the financial statements from 
such positions are then measured based on the large st benefit that has a greater than 50% likelihood o f being realized upon settlement. See Note 
5, “Income Taxes” of this Form 10-K for additional information.  
Earnings Per Share  
Basic earnings per share is computed by dividing in come available to common shareholders by the weight ed-average number of shares of 
common stock outstanding during the period. Diluted  earnings per share is computed by dividing income available to common shareholders by 
the weighted- average number of shares of common stock outstandin g during the period increased to include the number  of additional shares of 
common stock that would have been outstanding if th e potentially dilutive securities had been issued. Potentially dilutive securities include 
outstanding stock options, shares to be purchased u nder the Company’ s employee stock purchase plan and unvested RSUs. T he dilutive effect of 
potentially dilutive securities is reflected in dil uted earnings per share by application of the treas ury stock method. Under the treasury stock 
method, an increase in  
   
50  Table of Contents  
the fair market value of the Company’s common stock  can result in a greater dilutive effect from poten tially dilutive securities.  
The following table shows the computation of basic and diluted earnings per share for 2012, 2011, and 2010 (in thousands, except net income in 
millions and per share amounts):  
   
Potentially dilutive securities representing 1.0 mi llion, 1.7 million and 1.6 million shares of common  stock for 2012, 2011 and 2010, 
respectively, were excluded from the computation of  diluted earnings per share for these periods becau se their effect would have been 
antidilutive.  
Financial Instruments  
Cash Equivalents and Marketable Securities  
All highly liquid investments with maturities of th ree months or less at the date of purchase are clas sified as cash equivalents. The Company’ s 
marketable debt and equity securities have been cla ssified and accounted for as available-for- sale. Management determines the appropriate 
classification of its investments at the time of pu rchase and reevaluates the designations at each bal ance sheet date. The Company classifies its 
marketable debt securities as either short-term or long-term based on each instrument’ s underlying contractual maturity date. Marketable debt 
securities with maturities of 12 months or less are  classified as short- term and marketable debt securities with maturities  greater than 12 months 
are classified as long-term. The Company classifies  its marketable equity securities, including mutual  funds, as either short-term or long- term 
based on the nature of each security and its availa bility for use in current operations. The Company’ s marketable debt and equity securities are 
carried at fair value, with the unrealized gains an d losses, net of taxes, reported as a component of shareholders’ equity. The cost of securities 
sold is based upon the specific identification meth od.  
Derivative Financial Instruments  
The Company accounts for its derivative instruments  as either assets or liabilities and carries them a t fair value.  
For derivative instruments that hedge the exposure to variability in expected future cash flows that a re designated as cash flow hedges, the 
effective portion of the gain or loss on the deriva tive instrument is reported as a component of accum ulated other comprehensive income 
(“AOCI”) in shareholders’ equity and reclassified into income in the same per iod or periods during which the hedged transaction affects 
earnings. The ineffective portion of the gain or lo ss on the derivative instrument, if any, is recogni zed in current income. To receive hedge 
accounting treatment, cash flow hedges must be high ly effective in offsetting changes to expected futu re cash flows on hedged transactions. For 
options designated as cash flow hedges, changes in the time value are excluded from the assessment of hedge effectiveness and are recognized in 
income. For derivative instruments that hedge the e xposure to changes in the fair value of an asset or  a liability and that are designated as fair 
value hedges, both the net gain or loss on the deri vative instrument as well as the offsetting gain or  loss on the hedged item attributable to the 
hedged risk are recognized in earnings in the curre nt period. The Company had no fair value  
   
51       2012      2011      2010   
Numerator:           
Net income     $ 41,733       $ 25,922       $ 14,013    
Denominator:           
Weighted -average shares outstanding       934,818         924,258         909,461    
Effect of dilutive securities       10,537         12,387         15,251    
                                 
Weighted -average diluted shares       945,355         936,645         924,712    
           
           
           
Basic earnings per share     $ 44.64       $ 28.05       $ 15.41    
Diluted earnings per share     $ 44.15       $ 27.68       $ 15.15    Table of Contents  
hedges in 2012, 2011 and 2010. The net gain or loss  on the effective portion of a derivative instrumen t that is designated as an economic hedge 
of the foreign currency translation exposure of the  net investment in a foreign operation is reported in the same manner as a foreign currency 
translation adjustment. For forward exchange contra cts designated as net investment hedges, the Compan y excludes changes in fair value 
relating to changes in the forward carry component from its definition of effectiveness. Accordingly, any gains or losses related to this 
component are recognized in current income. Derivat ives that do not qualify as hedges must be adjusted  to fair value through current income.  
Allowance for Doubtful Accounts  
The Company records its allowance for doubtful acco unts based upon its assessment of various factors. The Company considers historical 
experience, the age of the accounts receivable bala nces, credit quality of the Company’ s customers, current economic conditions, and other  
factors that may affect customers’ ability to pay.  
Inventories  
Inventories are stated at the lower of cost, comput ed using the first-in, first- out method, or market. If the cost of the inventori es exceeds their 
market value, provisions are made currently for the  difference between the cost and the market value. The Company’ s inventories consist 
primarily of components and finished goods for all periods presented.  
Property, Plant and Equipment  
Property, plant and equipment are stated at cost. D epreciation is computed by use of the straight- line method over the estimated useful lives of 
the assets, which for buildings is the lesser of 30  years or the remaining life of the underlying buil ding; between two to five years for machinery 
and equipment, including product tooling and manufa cturing process equipment; and the shorter of lease  terms or ten years for leasehold 
improvements. The Company capitalizes eligible cost s to acquire or develop internal- use software that are incurred subsequent to the pr eliminary 
project stage. Capitalized costs related to interna l-use software are amortized using the straight- line method over the estimated useful lives of the 
assets, which range from three to five years. Depre ciation and amortization expense on property and eq uipment was $2.6 billion, $1.6 billion and 
$815 million during 2012, 2011 and 2010, respective ly.  
Long-Lived Assets Including Goodwill and Other Acqu ired Intangible Assets  
The Company reviews property, plant and equipment, inventory component prepayments, and certain identi fiable intangibles, excluding 
goodwill, for impairment. Long- lived assets are reviewed for impairment whenever e vents or changes in circumstances indicate the carr ying 
amount of an asset may not be recoverable. Recovera bility of these assets is measured by comparison of  their carrying amounts to future 
undiscounted cash flows the assets are expected to generate. If property, plant and equipment, invento ry component prepayments, and certain 
identifiable intangibles are considered to be impai red, the impairment to be recognized equals the amo unt by which the carrying value of the 
assets exceeds its fair market value. The Company d id not record any significant impairments during 20 12, 2011 and 2010.  
The Company does not amortize goodwill and intangib le assets with indefinite useful lives, rather such  assets are required to be tested for 
impairment at least annually or sooner whenever eve nts or changes in circumstances indicate that the a ssets may be impaired. The Company 
performs its goodwill and intangible asset impairme nt tests in the fourth quarter of each fiscal year.  The Company did not recognize any 
impairment charges related to goodwill or indefinit e lived intangible assets during 2012, 2011 and 201 0. The Company established reporting 
units based on its current reporting structure. For  purposes of testing goodwill for impairment, goodw ill has been allocated to these reporting 
units to the extent it relates to each reporting un it. In 2012 and 2011, the Company’ s goodwill was allocated to the Americas and Europe  
reportable operating segments.  
   
52  Table of Contents  
The Company amortizes its intangible assets with de finite lives over their estimated useful lives and reviews these assets for impairment. The 
Company is currently amortizing its acquired intang ible assets with definite lives over periods typica lly from three to seven years.  
Fair Value Measurements  
The Company applies fair value accounting for all f inancial assets and liabilities and non- financial assets and liabilities that are recognize d or 
disclosed at fair value in the financial statements  on a recurring basis. The Company defines fair val ue as the price that would be received from 
selling an asset or paid to transfer a liability in  an orderly transaction between market participants  at the measurement date. When determining 
the fair value measurements for assets and liabilit ies, which are required to be recorded at fair valu e, the Company considers the principal or 
most advantageous market in which the Company would  transact and the market- based risk measurements or assumptions that market 
participants would use in pricing the asset or liab ility, such as risks inherent in valuation techniqu es, transfer restrictions and credit risk. Fair 
value is estimated by applying the following hierar chy, which prioritizes the inputs used to measure f air value into three levels and bases the 
categorization within the hierarchy upon the lowest  level of input that is available and significant t o the fair value measurement:  
Level 1 – Quoted prices in active markets for identical ass ets or liabilities.  
Level 2 – Observable inputs other than quoted prices in activ e markets for identical assets and liabilities, quo ted prices for identical or similar 
assets or liabilities in inactive markets, or other  inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable market data for substantially the 
full term of the assets or liabilities.  
Level 3 – Inputs that are generally unobservable and typica lly reflect management’ s estimate of assumptions that market participants would use 
in pricing the asset or liability.  
The Company’ s valuation techniques used to measure the fair val ue of money market funds and certain marketable equ ity securities were 
derived from quoted prices in active markets for id entical assets or liabilities. The valuation techni ques used to measure the fair value of all other 
financial instruments, all of which have counterpar ties with high credit ratings, were valued based on  quoted market prices or model driven 
valuations using significant inputs derived from or  corroborated by observable market data.  
In accordance with the fair value accounting requir ements, companies may choose to measure eligible fi nancial instruments and certain other 
items at fair value. The Company has not elected th e fair value option for any eligible financial inst ruments.  
Foreign Currency Translation and Remeasurement  
The Company translates the assets and liabilities o f its non-U.S. dollar functional currency subsidiaries into U .S. dollars using exchange rates in 
effect at the end of each period. Revenue and expen ses for these subsidiaries are translated using rat es that approximate those in effect during the 
period. Gains and losses from these translations ar e recognized in foreign currency translation includ ed in accumulated other comprehensive 
income in shareholders’ equity. The Company’ s subsidiaries that use the U.S. dollar as their fu nctional currency remeasure monetary assets and 
liabilities at exchange rates in effect at the end of each period, and inventories, property, and nonm onetary assets and liabilities at historical rates.  
Gains and losses from these remeasurements were not  significant and have been included in the Company’ s results of operations.  
   
53  Table of Contents  
Note 2 – Financial Instruments  
Cash, Cash Equivalents and Marketable Securities  
The following tables show the Company’s cash and av ailable-for-sale securities’ adjusted cost, gross unrealized gains, gross unreal ized losses 
and fair value by significant investment category r ecorded as cash and cash equivalents or short- or l ong-term marketable securities as of 
September 29, 2012 and September 24, 2011 (in milli ons):  
   
   
54      2012   
    Adjusted  
Cost     Unrealized 
Gains     Unrealized 
Losses     Fair  
Value     Cash and  
Cash  
Equivalents     Short -Term 
Marketable 
Securities     Long -Term 
Marketable 
Securities   
Cash    $ 3,109      $ 0      $ 0      $ 3,109      $ 3,109      $ 0      $ 0    
Level 1:                
Money market funds      1,460        0        0        1,460        1,460        0        0    
Mutual funds      2,385        79        (2 )      2,462        0        2,462        0    
                                                                      
Subtotal      3,845        79        (2 )      3,922        1,460        2,462        0    
                                                                      
Level 2:                
U.S. Treasury securities      20,088        21        (1 )      20,108        2,608        3,525        13,975    
U.S. agency securities      19,540        58        (1 )      19,597        1,460        1,884        16,253    
Non -U.S. government securities      5,483        183        (2 )      5,664        84        1,034        4,546    
Certificates of deposit and time deposits      2,189        2        0        2,191        1,106        202        883    
Commercial paper      2,112        0        0        2,112        909        1,203        0    
Corporate securities      46,261        568        (8 )      46,821        10        7,455        39,356    
Municipal securities      5,645        74        0        5,719        0        618        5,101    
Mortgage - and asset -backed securities      11,948        66        (6 )      12,008        0        0        12,008    
                                                                      
Subtotal      113,266        972        (18 )      114,220        6,177        15,921        92,122    
                                                                      
Total    $ 120,220      $ 1,051      $ (20 )    $ 121,251      $ 10,746      $ 18,383      $ 92,122    
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
    2011   
    Adjusted  
Cost     Unrealized 
Gains     Unrealized 
Losses     Fair  
Value     Cash and  
Cash  
Equivalents     Short -Term 
Marketable 
Securities     Long -Term 
Marketable 
Securities   
Cash    $ 2,903      $ 0      $ 0      $ 2,903      $ 2,903      $ 0      $ 0    
Level 1:                
Money market funds      1,911        0        0        1,911        1,911        0        0    
Mutual funds      1,227        0        (34 )      1,193        0        1,193        0    
                                                                      
Subtotal      3,138        0        (34 )      3,104        1,911        1,193        0    
                                                                      
Level 2:                
U.S. Treasury securities      10,717        39        (3 )      10,753        1,250        2,149        7,354    
U.S. agency securities      13,467        24        (3 )      13,488        225        1,818        11,445    
Non -U.S. government securities      5,559        11        (2 )      5,568        551        1,548        3,469    
Certificates of deposit and time deposits      4,175        2        (2 )      4,175        728        977        2,470    
Commercial paper      2,853        0        0        2,853        2,237        616        0    
Corporate securities      35,241        132        (114 )      35,259        10        7,241        28,008    
Municipal securities      3,411        56        0        3,467        0        595        2,872    
                                                                      
Subtotal      75,423        264        (124 )      75,563        5,001        14,944        55,618    
                                                                      
Total    $ 81,464      $ 264      $ (158 )    $ 81,570      $ 9,815      $ 16,137      $ 55,618    
          
          
          
          
          
          
          Table of Contents  
The net unrealized gains as of September 29, 2012 a nd September 24, 2011 are related primarily to long -term marketable securities. The 
Company may sell certain of its marketable securiti es prior to their stated maturities for strategic r easons including, but not limited to, 
anticipation of credit deterioration and duration m anagement. The net realized gains or losses recogni zed during 2012 and 2011 were $183 
million and $110 million, respectively, and no sign ificant net realized gains or losses during 2010 re lated to such sales. The maturities of the 
Company’s long-term marketable securities generally  range from one to five years.  
As of September 29, 2012 and September 24, 2011, gr oss unrealized losses related to individual securit ies that had been in a continuous loss 
position for 12 months or longer were not significa nt.  
As of September 29, 2012, the Company considers the  declines in market value of its marketable securit ies investment portfolio to be temporary 
in nature and does not consider any of its investme nts other-than-temporarily impaired. The Company ty pically invests in highly- rated securities, 
and its investment policy generally limits the amou nt of credit exposure to any one issuer. The policy  requires investments generally to be 
investment grade, with the primary objective of min imizing the potential risk of principal loss. Fair values were determined for each individual 
security in the investment portfolio. When evaluati ng an investment for other-than- temporary impairment, the Company reviews factors s uch as 
the length of time and extent to which fair value h as been below its cost basis, the financial conditi on of the issuer and any changes thereto, and 
the Company’s intent to sell, or whether it is more  likely than not it will be required to sell, the i nvestment before recovery of the investment’ s 
cost basis. During 2012, 2011 and 2010, the Company  did not recognize any significant impairment charg es.  
Derivative Financial Instruments  
The Company uses derivatives to partially offset it s business exposure to foreign currency exchange ri sk. The Company may enter into foreign 
currency forward and option contracts to offset som e of the foreign exchange risk on expected future c ash flows on certain forecasted revenue 
and cost of sales, on net investments in certain fo reign subsidiaries, and on certain existing assets and liabilities.  
To help protect gross margins from fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, certain of the Com pany’s subsidiaries whose functional 
currency is the U.S. dollar hedge a portion of fore casted foreign currency revenue. The Company’ s subsidiaries whose functional currency is not 
the U.S. dollar and who sell in local currencies ma y hedge a portion of forecasted inventory purchases  not denominated in the subsidiaries’
functional currencies. The Company typically hedges  portions of its forecasted foreign currency exposu re associated with revenue and inventory 
purchases generally up to six months.  
To help protect the net investment in a foreign ope ration from adverse changes in foreign currency exc hange rates, the Company may enter into 
foreign currency forward and option contracts to of fset the changes in the carrying amounts of these i nvestments due to fluctuations in foreign 
currency exchange rates.  
The Company may also enter into foreign currency fo rward and option contracts to partially offset the foreign currency exchange gains and 
losses generated by the re-measurement of certain a ssets and liabilities denominated in non- functional currencies. However, the Company may 
choose not to hedge certain foreign currency exchan ge exposures for a variety of reasons including, bu t not limited to, accounting considerations 
and the prohibitive economic cost of hedging partic ular exposures. There can be no assurance the hedge s will offset more than a portion of the 
financial impact resulting from movements in foreig n currency exchange rates.  
The Company records all derivatives in the Consolid ated Balance Sheets at fair value. The Company’ s accounting treatment of these instruments 
is based on whether the instruments are designated as hedge or non- hedge instruments. The effective portions of cash f low hedges are recorded 
in AOCI until the hedged item is recognized in earn ings. The effective portions of net investment hedg es are recorded in other comprehensive 
income as a part of the cumulative translation adju stment. The ineffective portions of cash flow hedge s and net  
   
55  Table of Contents  
investment hedges are recorded in other income and expense. Derivatives that are not designated as hed ging instruments are adjusted to fair 
value through earnings in the financial statement l ine item to which the derivative relates.  
The Company had a net deferred loss associated with  cash flow hedges of approximately $240 million and  a net deferred gain of approximately 
$290 million, net of taxes, recorded in AOCI as of September 29, 2012 and September 24, 2011, respecti vely. Deferred gains and losses 
associated with cash flow hedges of foreign currenc y revenue are recognized as a component of net sale s in the same period as the related 
revenue is recognized, and deferred gains and losse s related to cash flow hedges of inventory purchase s are recognized as a component of cost of 
sales in the same period as the related costs are r ecognized. The majority of the Company’ s hedged transactions as of September 29, 2012 are 
expected to occur within six months.  
Derivative instruments designated as cash flow hedg es must be de- designated as hedges when it is probable the foreca sted hedged transaction 
will not occur in the initially identified time per iod or within a subsequent two- month time period. Deferred gains and losses in AOC I associated 
with such derivative instruments are reclassified i mmediately into other income and expense. Any subse quent changes in fair value of such 
derivative instruments are reflected in other incom e and expense unless they are re- designated as hedges of other transactions. The Com pany did 
not recognize any significant net gains or losses r elated to the loss of hedge designation on disconti nued cash flow hedges during 2012, 2011 and 
2010.  
The Company’ s unrealized net gains and losses on net investment  hedges, included in the cumulative translation adj ustment account of AOCI, 
were not significant as of September 29, 2012 and S eptember 24, 2011, respectively. The ineffective po rtions of and amounts excluded from the 
effectiveness test of net investment hedges are rec orded in other income and expense.  
The gain/loss recognized in other income and expens e for foreign currency forward and option contracts  not designated as hedging instruments 
was not significant during 2012, 2011 and 2010, res pectively. These amounts represent the net gain or loss on the derivative contracts and do not 
include changes in the related exposures, which gen erally offset a portion of the gain or loss on the derivative contracts.  
The following table shows the notional principal am ounts of the Company’ s outstanding derivative instruments and credit ris k amounts 
associated with outstanding or unsettled derivative  instruments as of September 29, 2012 and September  24, 2011 (in millions):  
   
The notional principal amounts for outstanding deri vative instruments provide one measure of the trans action volume outstanding and do not 
represent the amount of the Company’s exposure to c redit or market loss. The credit risk amounts repre sent the Company’ s gross exposure to 
potential accounting loss on derivative instruments  that are outstanding or unsettled if all counterpa rties failed to perform according to the terms 
of the contract, based on then-current currency exc hange rates at each respective date. The Company’ s gross exposure on these transactions may 
be further mitigated by collateral received from ce rtain counterparties. The Company’ s exposure to credit loss and market risk will vary  over 
time as a function of currency exchange rates. Alth ough the table above reflects the notional principa l and credit risk amounts of the Company’ s 
foreign exchange  
   
56       2012      2011   
     Notional  
Principal      Credit  
Risk  
Amounts      Notional  
Principal      Credit  
Risk  
Amounts   
Instruments designated as accounting hedges:              
Foreign exchange contracts     $ 41,970       $ 140       $ 13,705       $ 537    
Instruments not designated as accounting hedges:              
Foreign exchange contracts     $ 13,403       $ 12       $ 9,891       $ 56    Table of Contents  
instruments, it does not reflect the gains or losse s associated with the exposures and transactions th at the foreign exchange instruments are 
intended to hedge. The amounts ultimately realized upon settlement of these financial instruments, tog ether with the gains and losses on the 
underlying exposures, will depend on actual market conditions during the remaining life of the instrum ents.  
The Company generally enters into master netting ar rangements, which reduce credit risk by permitting net settlement of transactions with the 
same counterparty. To further limit credit risk, th e Company generally enters into collateral security  arrangements that provide for collateral to 
be received or posted when the net fair value of ce rtain financial instruments fluctuates from contrac tually established thresholds. The Company 
presents its derivative assets and derivative liabi lities at their gross fair values. As of September 29, 2012, the Company posted cash collateral 
related to the derivative instruments under its col lateral security arrangements of $278 million, whic h it recorded as other current assets in the 
Consolidated Balance Sheet. As of September 24, 201 1, the Company received cash collateral related to the derivative instruments under its 
collateral security arrangements of $288 million, w hich it recorded as accrued expenses in the Consoli dated Balance Sheet. The Company did 
not have any derivative instruments with credit- risk related contingent features that would require  it to post additional collateral as of 
September 29, 2012 or September 24, 2011.  
The following tables show the Company’ s derivative instruments at gross fair value as ref lected in the Consolidated Balance Sheets as of 
September 29, 2012 and September 24, 2011 (in milli ons):  
   
   
   
   
57       2012   
     Fair Value of  
Derivatives  
Designated as  
Hedge Instruments      Fair Value of  
Derivatives Not  
Designated as  
Hedge Instruments      Total  
Fair Value   
Derivative assets (a):           
Foreign exchange contracts     $ 138       $ 12       $ 150    
Derivative liabilities (b):           
Foreign exchange contracts     $ 516       $ 41       $ 557    
     2011   
     Fair Value of  
Derivatives  
Designated as  
Hedge Instruments      Fair Value of  
Derivatives Not  
Designated as  
Hedge Instruments      Total  
Fair Value   
Derivative assets (a):           
Foreign exchange contracts     $ 460       $ 56       $ 516    
Derivative liabilities (b):           
Foreign exchange contracts     $ 72       $ 37       $ 109    
  
(a) The fair value of derivative assets is measured using L evel 2 fair value inputs and is recorded as other c urrent assets in the Consolidated 
Balance Sheets.  
(b) The fair value of derivative liabilities is measure d using Level 2 fair value inputs and is recorded a s accrued expenses in the Consolidated 
Balance Sheets.  Table of Contents  
The following table shows the pre-tax effect of the  Company’ s derivative instruments designated as cash flow an d net investment hedges in the 
Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years  ended September 29, 2012 and September 24, 2011 (i n millions):  
   
   
   
Accounts Receivable  
Trade Receivables  
The Company has considerable trade receivables outs tanding with its third-party cellular network carri ers, wholesalers, retailers, value- added 
resellers, small and mid- sized businesses, and education, enterprise and gov ernment customers. The Company generally does not r equire 
collateral from its customers; however, the Company  will require collateral in certain instances to li mit credit risk. In addition, when possible, 
the Company attempts to limit credit risk on trade receivables with credit insurance for certain custo mers or by requiring third- party financing, 
loans or leases to support credit exposure. These c redit-financing arrangements are directly between t he third-party financing company and the 
end customer. As such, the Company generally does n ot assume any recourse or credit risk sharing relat ed to any of these arrangements.  
As of September 29, 2012, the Company had two custo mers that represented 10% or more of total trade re ceivables, one of which accounted for 
14% and the other 10%. As of September 24, 2011, th ere were no customers that accounted for 10% or mor e of the Company’ s total trade 
receivables. The Company’ s cellular network carriers accounted for 66% and 5 2% of trade receivables as of September 29, 2012 an d 
September 24, 2011, respectively. The additions and  write-offs to the Company’ s allowance for doubtful accounts during 2012, 2011  and 2010 
were not significant.  
   
58       Years Ended   
     Gains/(Losses) Recognized in  
OCI - Effective Portion (c)     Gains/ 
(Losses) Reclassified from AOCI  
into Net Income - Effective  Portion (c)     Gains/(Losses) Recognized – Ineffective Portion and  
Amount Excluded from Effectiveness Testing    
     September 29, 
 
2012     September 24, 
 
2011     September 29, 
 
2012 (a)     September 24, 
 
2011 (b)     Location    September 29, 
 
2012     September 24, 
 
2011   
Cash flow hedges:               
Foreign exchange 
contracts     $ (175 )    $ 153      $ 607      $ (704 )    Other income 
and expense   $ (658 )    $ (213 )  
Net investment hedges:                 
Foreign exchange 
contracts       (5 )      (43 )      0        0      Other income 
and expense     3        1    
                                                               
Total     $ (180 )    $ 110      $ 607      $ (704 )      $ (655 )    $ (212 )  
           
          
          
          
            
            
(a) Includes gains/(losses) reclassified from AOCI into  net income for the effective portion of cash flow hedges, of which $537 million and 
$70 million were recognized within net sales and co st of sales, respectively, within the Consolidated Statement of Operations for the year 
ended September 29, 2012. There were no amounts rec lassified from AOCI into income for the effective p ortion of net investment hedges 
for the year ended September 29, 2012.  
(b) Includes gains/(losses) reclassified from AOCI into  income for the effective portion of cash flow hedg es, of which $(349) million and 
$(355) million were recognized within net sales and  cost of sales, respectively, within the Consolidat ed Statement of Operations for the 
year ended September 24, 2011. There were no amount s reclassified from AOCI into income for the effect ive portion of net investment 
hedges for the year ended September 24, 2011.  
(c) Refer to Note 6, “Shareholders’ Equity and Shar e-based Compensation” of this Form 10- K, which summarizes the activity in AOCI related 
to derivatives.  Table of Contents  
Vendor Non-Trade Receivables  
The Company has non- trade receivables from certain of its manufacturing  vendors resulting from the sale of components to t hese manufacturing 
vendors who manufacture sub- assemblies or assemble final products for the Compa ny. The Company purchases these components directly  from 
suppliers. Vendor non-trade receivables from three of the Company’s vendors accounted for 45%, 21% and  12% of total non- trade receivables as 
of September 29, 2012 and vendor non-trade receivab les from two of the Company’s vendors accounted for  53% and 29% of total non- trade 
receivables as of September 24, 2011. The Company d oes not reflect the sale of these components in net  sales and does not recognize any profits 
on these sales until the related products are sold by the Company, at which time any profit is recogni zed as a reduction of cost of sales.  
Note 3 – Consolidated Financial Statement Details  
The following tables show the Company’ s consolidated financial statement details as of Se ptember 29, 2012 and September 24, 2011 (in 
millions):  
Property, Plant and Equipment  
   
Accrued Expenses  
   
Non-Current Liabilities  
   
   
59       2012     2011   
Land and buildings     $ 2,439      $ 2,059    
Machinery, equipment and internal -use software       15,743        6,926    
Office furniture and equipment       241        184    
Leasehold improvements       3,464        2,599    
                     
Gross property, plant and equipment       21,887        11,768    
Accumulated depreciation and amortization       (6,435 )      (3,991 )  
                     
Net property, plant and equipment     $ 15,452      $ 7,777    
           
          
     2012      2011   
Accrued warranty and related costs     $ 1,638       $ 1,240    
Accrued taxes       1,535         1,140    
Deferred margin on component sales       1,492         2,038    
Accrued marketing and selling expenses       910         598    
Accrued compensation and employee benefits       735         590    
Other current liabilities       5,104         3,641    
                      
Total accrued expenses     $ 11,414       $  9,247    
           
           
     2012      2011   
Deferred tax liabilities     $ 13,847       $ 8,159    
Other non -current liabilities       2,817         1,941    
                      
Total other non -current liabilities     $ 16,664       $ 10,100    
           
           Table of Contents  
Note 4 – Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets  
The Company’ s acquired intangible assets with definite lives pr imarily consist of patents and licenses and are amo rtized over periods typically 
from three to seven years. The following table summ arizes the components of gross and net intangible a sset balances as of September 29, 2012 
and September 24, 2011 (in millions):  
   
During 2012 and 2011, the Company completed various  business acquisitions. In 2012, the aggregate cash  consideration, net of cash acquired, 
was $350 million, of which $245 million was allocat ed to goodwill, $113 million to acquired intangible  assets and $8 million to liabilities 
assumed. In 2011, the aggregate cash consideration,  net of cash acquired, was $244 million, of which $ 167 million was allocated to goodwill and 
$77 million to acquired intangible assets.  
The Company’ s gross carrying amount of goodwill was $1.1 billio n and $896 million as of September 29, 2012 and Sep tember 24, 2011, 
respectively. The Company did not have any goodwill  impairment during 2012, 2011 or 2010.  
Amortization expense related to acquired intangible  assets was $605 million, $192 million and $69 mill ion in 2012, 2011 and 2010, respectively. 
As of September 29, 2012 the remaining weighted- average amortization period for acquired intangible  assets is 5.2 years. The expected annual 
amortization expense related to acquired intangible  assets as of September 29, 2012, is as follows (in  millions):  
   
   
60       2012      2011   
     Gross  
Carrying 
 
Amount      Accumulated 
 
Amortization     Net  
Carrying 
 
Amount      Gross  
Carrying 
 
Amount      Accumulated 
 
Amortization     Net  
Carrying 
 
Amount   
Definite lived and amortizable acquired intangible assets    $ 5,166       $ (1,042 )    $ 4,124       $ 3,873       $ (437 )    $ 3,436    
Indefinite lived and non -amortizable trademarks       100         0        100         100         0        100    
                                                                
Total acquired intangible assets     $ 5,266       $ (1,042 )    $ 4,224       $ 3,973       $ (437 )    $ 3,536    
           
           
          
           
           
          
2013     $ 673    
2014       737    
2015       753    
2016       758    
2017       635    
Thereafter       568    
           
Total     $ 4,124    
           Table of Contents  
Note 5 – Income Taxes  
The provision for income taxes for 2012, 2011, and 2010, consisted of the following (in millions):  
   
The foreign provision for income taxes is based on foreign pretax earnings of $36.8 billion, $24.0 bil lion and $13.0 billion in 2012, 2011 and 
2010, respectively. The Company’ s consolidated financial statements provide for any  related tax liability on amounts that may be repat riated, 
aside from undistributed earnings of certain of the  Company’ s foreign subsidiaries that are intended to be inde finitely reinvested in operations 
outside the U.S. As of September 29, 2012, U.S. inc ome taxes have not been provided on a cumulative to tal of $40.4 billion of such earnings. 
The amount of unrecognized deferred tax liability r elated to these temporary differences is estimated to be approximately $13.8 billion.  
As of September 29, 2012 and September 24, 2011, $8 2.6 billion and $54.3 billion, respectively, of the  Company’ s cash, cash equivalents and 
marketable securities were held by foreign subsidia ries and are generally based in U.S. dollar- denominated holdings. Amounts held by foreign 
subsidiaries are generally subject to U.S. income t axation on repatriation to the U.S.  
A reconciliation of the provision for income taxes,  with the amount computed by applying the statutory  federal income tax rate (35% in 2012, 
2011 and 2010) to income before provision for incom e taxes for 2012, 2011, and 2010, is as follows (in  millions):  
   
The Company’ s income taxes payable have been reduced by the tax  benefits from employee stock plan awards. For stoc k options, the Company 
receives an income tax benefit calculated as the ta x effect of the difference  
   
61       2012     2011     2010   
Federal:         
Current     $ 7,240      $ 3,884      $ 2,150    
Deferred       5,018        2,998        1,676    
                               
     12,258        6,882        3,826    
                               
State:         
Current       1,182        762        655    
Deferred       (123 )      37        (115 )  
                               
     1,059        799        540    
                               
Foreign:         
Current       1,203        769        282    
Deferred       (490 )      (167 )      (121 )  
                               
     713        602        161    
                               
Provision for income taxes     $ 14,030      $   8,283      $   4,527    
           
          
          
     2012     2011     2010   
Computed expected tax     $ 19,517      $ 11,973      $ 6,489    
State taxes, net of federal effect       677        552        351    
Indefinitely invested earnings of foreign subsidiar ies       (5,895 )      (3,898 )      (2,125 )  
Research and development credit, net       (103 )      (167 )      (23 )  
Domestic production activities deduction       (328 )      (168 )      (48 )  
Other       162        (9 )      (117 )  
                               
Provision for income taxes     $ 14,030      $ 8,283      $  4,527    
           
          
          
Effective tax rate       25.2%        24.2%        24.4%    Table of Contents  
between the fair market value of the stock issued a t the time of the exercise and the exercise price. For RSUs, the Company receives an income 
tax benefit upon the award’s vesting equal to the t ax effect of the underlying stock’ s fair market value. The Company had net excess tax  benefits 
from equity awards of $1.4 billion, $1.1 billion an d $742 million in 2012, 2011 and 2010, respectively , which were reflected as increases to 
common stock.  
As of September 29, 2012 and September 24, 2011, th e significant components of the Company’ s deferred tax assets and liabilities were (in 
millions):  
   
Deferred tax assets and liabilities reflect the eff ects of tax losses, credits, and the future income tax effects of temporary differences between the 
consolidated financial statement carrying amounts o f existing assets and liabilities and their respect ive tax bases and are measured using enacted 
tax rates that apply to taxable income in the years  in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled.  
Uncertain Tax Positions  
Tax positions are evaluated in a two- step process. The Company first determines whether it is more likely than not that a tax position will  be 
sustained upon examination. If a tax position meets  the more-likely-than- not recognition threshold it is then measured to de termine the amount 
of benefit to recognize in the financial statements . The tax position is measured as the largest amoun t of benefit that is greater than 50% likely of 
being realized upon ultimate settlement. The Compan y classifies gross interest and penalties and unrec ognized tax benefits that are not expected 
to result in payment or receipt of cash within one year as non-current liabilities in the Consolidated  Balance Sheets.  
As of September 29, 2012, the total amount of gross  unrecognized tax benefits was $2.1 billion, of whi ch $889 million, if recognized, would 
affect the Company’ s effective tax rate. As of September 24, 2011, the  total amount of gross unrecognized tax benefits wa s $1.4 billion, of 
which $563 million, if recognized, would affect the  Company’s effective tax rate.  
   
62       2012     2011   
Deferred tax assets:       
Accrued liabilities and other reserves     $ 2,101      $    1,610    
Basis of capital assets and investments       447        390    
Share -based compensation       395        355    
Other       1,094        795    
                     
Total deferred tax assets       4,037        3,150    
Less valuation allowance       0        0    
                     
Deferred tax assets, net of valuation allowance       4,037        3,150    
                     
Deferred tax liabilities:       
Unremitted earnings of foreign subsidiaries       14,712        8,896    
Other       193        272    
                     
Total deferred tax liabilities       14,905        9,168    
                     
Net deferred tax liabilities     $ (10,868 )    $ (6,018 )  
           
          Table of Contents  
The aggregate changes in the balance of gross unrec ognized tax benefits, which excludes interest and p enalties, for 2012, 2011, and 2010, is as 
follows (in millions):  
   
The Company includes interest and penalties related  to unrecognized tax benefits within the provision for income taxes. As of September 29, 
2012 and September 24, 2011, the total amount of gr oss interest and penalties accrued was $401 million  and $261 million, respectively, which is 
classified as non- current liabilities in the Consolidated Balance She ets. In connection with tax matters, the Company re cognized interest expense 
in 2012 and 2011 of $140 million and $14 million, r espectively, and in 2010 the Company recognized an interest benefit of $43 million.  
The Company is subject to taxation and files income  tax returns in the U.S. federal jurisdiction and i n many state and foreign jurisdictions. For 
U.S. federal income tax purposes, all years prior t o 2004 are closed. The Internal Revenue Service (th e “IRS”) has completed its field audit of 
the Company’ s federal income tax returns for the years 2004 thr ough 2006 and proposed certain adjustments. The Com pany has contested 
certain of these adjustments through the IRS Appeal s Office. The IRS is currently examining the years 2007 through 2009. In addition, the 
Company is also subject to audits by state, local a nd foreign tax authorities. In major states and maj or foreign jurisdictions, the years subsequent 
to 1989 and 2002, respectively, generally remain op en and could be subject to examination by the taxin g authorities.  
Management believes that an adequate provision has been made for any adjustments that may result from tax examinations. However, the 
outcome of tax audits cannot be predicted with cert ainty. If any issues addressed in the Company’ s tax audits are resolved in a manner not 
consistent with management’ s expectations, the Company could be required to ad just its provision for income tax in the period suc h resolution 
occurs. Although timing of the resolution and/or cl osure of audits is not certain, the Company believe s it is reasonably possible that tax audit 
resolutions could reduce its unrecognized tax benef its by between $120 million and $170 million in the  next 12 months.  
Note 6 – Shareholders’ Equity and Share-based Compe nsation  
Preferred Stock  
The Company has five million shares of authorized p referred stock, none of which is issued or outstand ing. Under the terms of the Company’ s 
Restated Articles of Incorporation, the Board of Di rectors is authorized to determine or alter the rig hts, preferences, privileges and restrictions of 
the Company’s authorized but unissued shares of pre ferred stock.  
Dividend and Stock Repurchase Program  
In 2012, the Board of Directors of the Company appr oved a dividend policy pursuant to which it plans t o make, subject to subsequent 
declaration, quarterly dividends of $2.65 per share . On July 24, 2012, the Board of Directors declared  a dividend of $2.65 per share to 
shareholders of record as of the close of business on August 13, 2012. The Company paid $2.5 billion i n conjunction with this dividend on 
August 16, 2012. No dividends were declared in the first three quarters of 2012 or in 2011 and 2010 .  
   
63       2012     2011     2010   
Beginning Balance     $ 1,375      $ 943      $ 971    
Increases related to tax positions taken during a p rior year       340        49        61    
Decreases related to tax positions taken during a p rior year       (107 )      (39 )      (224 )  
Increases related to tax positions taken during the  current year       467        425        240    
Decreases related to settlements with taxing author ities       (3 )      0        (102 )  
Decreases related to expiration of statute of limit ations       (10 )      (3 )      (3 )  
                               
Ending Balance     $ 2,062      $ 1,375      $     943    
           
          
          Table of Contents  
In 2012, the Company’s Board of Directors authorize d a program to repurchase up to $10 billion of the Company’ s common stock beginning in 
2013. The repurchase program is expected to be exec uted over a three- year period with the primary objective of neutraliz ing the impact of 
dilution from future employee equity grants and emp loyee stock purchase programs. The repurchase progr am does not obligate the Company to 
acquire any specific number of shares. In August 20 12, the Company entered into a Rule 10b5- 1 compliant accelerated share repurchase 
(“ASR”) program with a financial institution to pur chase up to $2 billion of the Company’ s common stock during 2013. The total number of 
shares to be purchased under the ASR program will b e based on the volume-weighted average price of the  Company’ s common stock during the 
purchase period and will be reflected as a reductio n of shares outstanding on the date of purchase. Th e Company may also purchase its common 
stock in open market transactions, in compliance wi th all applicable securities laws.  
Comprehensive Income  
Comprehensive income consists of two components, ne t income and other comprehensive income. Other comp rehensive income refers to 
revenue, expenses, and gains and losses that under GAAP are recorded as an element of shareholders’ equity but are excluded from net income. 
The Company’ s other comprehensive income consists of foreign cu rrency translation adjustments from those subsidiar ies not using the U.S. 
dollar as their functional currency, unrealized gai ns and losses on marketable securities classified a s available-for- sale, and net deferred gains 
and losses on certain derivative instruments accoun ted for as cash flow hedges.  
The following table shows the components of AOCI, n et of taxes, as of September 29, 2012 and September  24, 2011 (in millions):  
   
The change in fair value of available-for- sale securities included in other comprehensive inc ome was $601 million, $(41) million and $123 
million, net of taxes in 2012, 2011 and 2010, respe ctively. The tax effect related to the change in un realized gains/losses on available-for- sale 
securities was $(353) million, $24 million and $(72 ) million for 2012, 2011 and 2010, respectively.  
The following table shows activity in other compreh ensive income related to derivatives, net of taxes,  held by the Company during 2012, 2011, 
and 2010 (in millions):  
   
The tax effect related to the changes in fair value  of derivatives was $73 million, $(50) million and $97 million for 2012, 2011 and 2010, 
respectively. The tax effect related to derivative gains/losses reclassified from other comprehensive income to income was $220 million, $(250) 
million and $43 million for 2012, 2011 and 2010, re spectively.  
   
64       2012     2011   
Net unrealized gains/losses on marketable securitie s     $ 731      $ 130    
Net unrecognized gains/losses on derivative instrum ents       (240 )      290    
Cumulative foreign currency translation       8        23    
                     
Accumulated other comprehensive income     $ 499      $ 443    
           
          
     2012     2011      2010   
Change in fair value of derivatives     $ (131 )    $ 92       $ (180 )  
Adjustment for net gains/losses realized and includ ed in net income       (399 )      450         (73 )  
                                
Change in unrecognized gains/losses on derivative i nstruments     $ (530 )    $ 542       $ (253 )  
           
          
           Table of Contents  
Employee Benefit Plans  
2003 Employee Stock Plan  
The 2003 Employee Stock Plan (the “2003 Plan”) is a  shareholder approved plan that provides for broad- based equity grants to employees, 
including executive officers. The 2003 Plan permits  the granting of incentive stock options, nonstatut ory stock options, RSUs, stock appreciation 
rights, stock purchase rights and performance- based awards. Options granted under the 2003 Plan g enerally expire seven to ten years after the 
grant date and generally become exercisable over a period of four years, based on continued employment , with either annual, semi- annual or 
quarterly vesting. In general, RSUs granted under t he 2003 Plan vest over two to four years, based on continued employment and are settled 
upon vesting in shares of the Company’s common stoc k on a one-for- one basis. Each share issued with respect to an awa rd granted under the 
2003 Plan (other than a stock option or stock appre ciation right) reduces the number of shares availab le for grant under the plan by two shares, 
whereas shares issued in respect of an option or st ock appreciation right count against the number of shares available for grant on a one-for- one 
basis. All RSUs, other than RSUs held by the Chief Executive Officer, granted under the 2003 Plan have  dividend equivalent rights (“DER” ), 
which entitle holders of RSUs to the same dividend value per share as holders of common stock. DER are  subject to the same vesting and other 
terms and conditions as the corresponding unvested RSUs. DER are accumulated and paid when the underly ing shares vest. As of September 29, 
2012, approximately 37.1 million shares were reserv ed for future issuance under the 2003 Plan.  
1997 Director Stock Plan  
The 1997 Director Stock Plan (the “Director Plan”) is a shareholder approved plan that (i) permits the  Company to grant awards of RSUs or 
stock options to the Company’s non-employee directo rs, (ii) provides for automatic initial grants of R SUs upon a non- employee director joining 
the Board of Directors and automatic annual grants of RSUs at each annual meeting of shareholders, and  (iii) permits the Board of Directors to 
prospectively change the relative mixture of stock options and RSUs for the initial and annual award g rants and the methodology for determining 
the number of shares of the Company’ s common stock subject to these grants without shar eholder approval. Each share issued with respect to  
RSUs granted under the Director Plan reduces the nu mber of shares available for grant under the plan b y two shares. The Director Plan expires 
November 9, 2019. All RSUs granted under the Direct or Plan are entitled to DER. As of September 29, 20 12, approximately 184,000 shares 
were reserved for future issuance under the Directo r Plan.  
Rule 10b5 -1 Trading Plans  
During the fourth quarter of 2012, executive office rs Timothy D. Cook, Peter Oppenheimer, D. Bruce Sew ell, Phillip W. Schiller and Jeffrey E. 
Williams, and directors William V. Campbell and Art hur D. Levinson had equity trading plans adopted in  accordance with Rule 10b5- 1(c)(1) 
under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amend ed (the “Exchange Act”). An equity trading plan is a written document that pre- establishes 
the amounts, prices and dates (or a formula for det ermining the amounts, prices and dates) of future p urchases or sales of the Company’ s stock, 
including shares acquired pursuant to the Company’s  employee and director equity plans.  
Employee Stock Purchase Plan  
The Employee Stock Purchase Plan (the “Purchase Pla n”) is a shareholder approved plan under which substant ially all employees may purchase 
the Company’ s common stock through payroll deductions at a pric e equal to 85% of the lower of the fair market valu es of the stock as of the 
beginning or the end of six-month offering periods.  An employee’ s payroll deductions under the Purchase Plan are li mited to 10% of the 
employee’ s compensation and employees may not purchase more than $25,000 of stock during any calendar year. As of September 29, 2012, 
approximately 2.5 million shares were reserved for future issuance under the Purchase Plan.  
   
65  Table of Contents  
401(k) Plan  
The Company’s 401(k) Plan (the “401(k) Plan”) is a deferred salary arrangement under Section 401( k) of the Internal Revenue Code. Under the 
401(k) Plan, participating U.S. employees may defer  a portion of their pre- tax earnings, up to the IRS annual contribution lim it ($17,000 for 
calendar year 2012). The Company matches 50% to 100 % of each employee’ s contributions, depending on length of service, up  to a maximum 
6% of the employee’s eligible earnings. The Company ’s matching contributions to the 401(k) Plan were $1 14 million, $90 million and $72 
million in 2012, 2011 and 2010, respectively.  
Restricted Stock Units  
A summary of the Company’s RSU activity and related  information for 2012, 2011, and 2010, is as follow s:  
   
The fair value as of the respective vesting dates o f RSUs was $3.3 billion, $1.5 billion and $1.0 bill ion for 2012, 2011 and 2010, respectively. 
The majority of RSUs that vested in 2012, 2011 and 2010 were net- share settled such that the Company withheld shares  with value equivalent to 
the employees’ minimum statutory obligation for the applicable inc ome and other employment taxes, and remitted the ca sh to the appropriate 
taxing authorities. The total shares withheld were approximately 2.3 million, 1.6 million and 1.8 mill ion for 2012, 2011 and 2010, respectively, 
and were based on the value of the RSUs on their re spective vesting dates as determined by the Company ’s closing stock price. Total payments 
for the employees’ tax obligations to taxing authorities were $1.2 bil lion, $520 million and $406 million in 2012, 2011 a nd 2010, respectively, 
and are reflected as a financing activity within th e Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. These net- share settlements had the effect of share 
repurchases by the Company as they reduced and reti red the number of shares that would have otherwise been issued as a result of the vesting 
and did not represent an expense to the Company.  
   
66       Number of  
RSUs  
(in thousands)     Weighted -
 
Average  
Grant  
Date  Fair 
 
Value      Aggregate  
Intrinsic  
Value  
(in millions)   
Balance at September 26, 2009       12,263      $ 122.52       
RSUs granted       6,178      $ 214.37       
RSUs vested       (4,685 )    $ 119.85       
RSUs cancelled       (722 )    $ 147.56       
                
Balance at September 25, 2010       13,034      $ 165.63       
RSUs granted       6,667      $ 312.63       
RSUs vested       (4,513 )    $ 168.08       
RSUs cancelled       (742 )    $ 189.08       
                
Balance at September 24, 2011       14,446      $ 231.49       
RSUs granted       7,799      $ 431.35       
RSUs vested       (6,305 )    $ 205.27       
RSUs cancelled       (935 )    $ 256.01       
                
Balance at September 29, 2012       15,005      $ 344.87       $ 10,010    
           
     Table of Contents  
Stock Option Activity  
A summary of the Company’s stock option activity an d related information for 2012, 2011, and 2010, is as follows:  
   
Aggregate intrinsic value represents the value of t he Company’ s closing stock price on the last trading day of th e fiscal period in excess of the 
weighted- average exercise price multiplied by the number of options outstanding or exercisable. Total intrinsic  value of options at time of 
exercise was $2.3 billion, $2.6 billion and $2.0 bi llion for 2012, 2011 and 2010, respectively.  
Share-based Compensation  
Share-based compensation cost for RSUs is measured based on the closing fair market value of the Compa ny’s common stock on the date of 
grant. Share-based compensation cost for stock opti ons and employee stock purchase plan rights (“stock  purchase rights”) is estimated at the 
grant date and offering date, respectively, based o n the fair-value as calculated by the BSM option-pr icing model. The BSM option- pricing 
model incorporates various assumptions including ex pected volatility, estimated expected life and inte rest rates. The Company recognizes share-
based compensation cost as expense on a straight-li ne basis over the requisite service period.  
The Company did not grant any stock options during 2012. The Company granted 1,370 and 34,000 stock op tions during 2011 and 2010, 
respectively. The weighted- average grant date fair value per share of stock op tions granted during 2011 and 2010 was $181.13 and $108.58, 
respectively.  
During 2012 and 2010, in conjunction with certain b usiness combinations, the Company assumed 41,000 an d 98,000 stock options, respectively, 
which had a weighted- average fair value per share of $405.39 and $216.82 , respectively. The Company did not assume any stoc k options during 
2011.  
The weighted-average fair value of stock purchase r ights per share was $108.44, $71.47 and $45.03 duri ng 2012, 2011 and 2010, respectively.  
   
67       Outstanding Options   
       Number of  
Options  
(in thousands)     Weighted -
 
Average  
Exercise  
Price      Weighted -  
Average  
Remaining 
Contractual 
 
Term  
(in years)      Aggregate  
Intrinsic  
Value  
(in millions)   
Balance at September 26, 2009       34,375      $ 81.17          
Options granted       34      $ 202.00          
Options assumed       98      $ 11.99          
Options cancelled       (430 )    $ 136.27          
Options exercised       (12,352 )    $ 62.69          
                   
Balance at September 25, 2010       21,725      $ 90.46          
Options granted       1      $ 342.62          
Options cancelled       (163 )    $ 128.42          
Options exercised       (9,697 )    $ 67.63          
                   
Balance at September 24, 2011       11,866      $ 108.64          
Options assumed       41      $ 30.86          
Options cancelled       (25 )    $ 103.22          
Options exercised       (5,337 )    $ 84.85          
                   
Balance at September 29, 2012       6,545      $ 127.56         1.9       $ 3,531    
           
        
Exercisable at September 29, 2012       6,505      $ 128.03         1.8       $ 3,507    
Expected to vest after September 29, 2012       40      $ 51.07         6.7       $ 24    Table of Contents  
The following table shows a summary of the share- based compensation expense included in the Consolid ated Statements of Operations for 2012, 
2011, and 2010 (in millions):  
   
The income tax benefit related to share- based compensation expense was $567 million, $467 m illion and $314 million for 2012, 2011 and 2010, 
respectively. As of September 29, 2012, the total u nrecognized compensation cost related to outstandin g stock options and RSUs was $4.2 
billion, which the Company expects to recognize ove r a weighted-average period of 3.3 years.  
Note 7 – Commitments and Contingencies  
Accrued Warranty and Indemnification  
The Company offers a basic limited parts and labor warranty on its hardware products. The basic warran ty period for hardware products is 
typically one year from the date of purchase by the  end-user. The Company also offers a 90- day basic warranty for its service parts used to re pair 
the Company’ s hardware products. The Company provides currently  for the estimated cost that may be incurred under its basic limited product 
warranties at the time related revenue is recognize d. Factors considered in determining appropriate ac cruals for product warranty obligations 
include the size of the installed base of products subject to warranty protection, historical and proj ected warranty claim rates, historical and 
projected cost-per-claim, and knowledge of specific  product failures that are outside of the Company’ s typical experience. The Company 
assesses the adequacy of its pre- existing warranty liabilities and adjusts the amoun ts as necessary based on actual experience and chan ges in 
future estimates.  
The following table shows changes in the Company’s accrued warranties and related costs for 2012, 2011 , and 2010 (in millions):  
   
The Company generally does not indemnify end- users of its operating system and application softw are against legal claims that the software 
infringes third- party intellectual property rights. Other agreement s entered into by the Company sometimes include ind emnification provisions 
under which the Company could be subject to costs a nd/or damages in the event of an infringement claim  against the Company or an 
indemnified third- party. However, the Company has not been required t o make any significant payments resulting from such  an infringement 
claim asserted against it or an indemnified third- party and, in the opinion of management, does not h ave a potential liability related to unresolved 
infringement claims subject to indemnification that  would materially adversely affect its financial co ndition or operating results. Therefore, the 
Company did not record a liability for infringement  costs related to indemnification as of either Sept ember 29, 2012 or September 24, 2011.  
The Company has entered into indemnification agreem ents with its directors and executive officers. Und er these agreements, the Company has 
agreed to indemnify such individuals to the fullest  extent permitted by law against liabilities that a rise by reason of their status as directors or 
officers and to advance expenses incurred by such  
   
68       2012      2011      2010   
Cost of sales     $ 265       $ 200       $ 151    
Research and development       668         450         323    
Selling, general and administrative       807         518         405    
                                 
Total share -based compensation expense     $ 1,740       $  1,168       $   879    
           
           
           
     2012     2011     2010   
Beginning accrued warranty and related costs     $ 1,240      $ 761      $     577    
Cost of warranty claims       (1,786 )      (1,147 )      (713 )  
Accruals for product warranty       2,184        1,626        897    
                               
Ending accrued warranty and related costs     $ 1,638      $ 1,240      $ 761    
           
          
          Table of Contents  
individuals in connection with related legal procee dings. It is not possible to determine the maximum potential amount of payments the 
Company could be required to make under these agree ments due to the limited history of prior indemnifi cation claims and the unique facts and 
circumstances involved in each claim. However, the Company maintains directors and officers liability insurance coverage to reduce its 
exposure to such obligations, and payments made und er these agreements historically have not been mate rial.  
Concentrations in the Available Sources of Supply o f Materials and Product  
Although most components essential to the Company’ s business are generally available from multiple so urces, a number of components are 
currently obtained from single or limited sources, which subjects the Company to significant supply an d pricing risks. Many components, 
including those that are available from multiple so urces, are at times subject to industry- wide shortages and significant commodity pricing 
fluctuations. In addition, the Company has entered into various agreements for the supply of component s; however there can be no guarantee that 
the Company will be able to extend or renew these a greements on similar terms, or at all. Therefore, t he Company remains subject to significant 
risks of supply shortages and price increases that can materially adversely affect its financial condi tion and operating results.  
The Company and other participants in the markets f or mobile communication and media devices and perso nal computers also compete for 
various components with other industries that have experienced increased demand for their products. Th e Company also uses some custom 
components that are not common to the rest of these  industries, and new products introduced by the Com pany often utilize custom components 
available from only one source. When a component or  product uses new technologies, initial capacity co nstraints may exist until the suppliers’
yields have matured or manufacturing capacity has i ncreased. If the Company ’s supply of components for a new or existing produc t were 
delayed or constrained, or if an outsourcing partne r delayed shipments of completed products to the Co mpany, the Company’ s financial 
condition and operating results could be materially  adversely affected. The Company’ s business and financial performance could also be 
materially adversely affected depending on the time  required to obtain sufficient quantities from the original source, or to identify and obtain 
sufficient quantities from an alternative source. C ontinued availability of these components at accept able prices, or at all, may be affected if 
those suppliers concentrated on the production of c ommon components instead of components customized t o meet the Company’s requirements.  
Substantially all of the Company’ s hardware products are manufactured by outsourcing  partners that are located primarily in Asia. A sig nificant 
concentration of this manufacturing is currently pe rformed by a small number of outsourcing partners, often in single locations. Certain of these 
outsourcing partners are the sole-sourced suppliers  of components and manufacturers for many of the Co mpany’s products. Although the 
Company works closely with its outsourcing partners  on manufacturing schedules, the Company’ s operating results could be adversely affected 
if its outsourcing partners were unable to meet the ir production commitments. The Company’ s purchase commitments typically cover its 
requirements for periods up to 150 days.  
Long-Term Supply Agreements  
The Company has entered into long- term agreements to secure the supply of certain inv entory components. Under certain of these agreement s, 
which expire between 2012 and 2022, the Company has  made prepayments for the future purchase of invent ory components and has acquired 
capital equipment to use in the manufacturing of su ch components.  
As of September 29, 2012, the Company had a total o f $4.2 billion of inventory component prepayments o utstanding, of which $1.2 billion are 
classified as other current assets and $3.0 billion  are classified as other assets in the Consolidated  Balance Sheets. The Company had a total of 
$2.3 billion of inventory component prepayments out standing as of September 24, 2011. The Company’ s outstanding prepayments will be 
applied to certain inventory component purchases ma de during the term of each respective agreement. Th e Company utilized $943 million and 
$173 million of inventory component prepayments dur ing 2012 and 2011, respectively.  
   
69  Table of Contents  
Other Off-Balance Sheet Commitments  
Lease Commitments  
The Company leases various equipment and facilities , including retail space, under noncancelable opera ting lease arrangements. The Company 
does not currently utilize any other off- balance sheet financing arrangements. The major fac ility leases are typically for terms not exceeding 10 
years and generally provide renewal options for ter ms not exceeding five additional years. Leases for retail space are for terms ranging from five 
to 20 years, the majority of which are for 10 years , and often contain multi-year renewal options. As of September 29, 2012, the Company’ s total 
future minimum lease payments under noncancelable o perating leases were $4.4 billion, of which $3.1 bi llion related to leases for retail space.  
Rent expense under all operating leases, including both cancelable and noncancelable leases, was $488 million, $338 million and $271 million in 
2012, 2011 and 2010, respectively. Future minimum l ease payments under noncancelable operating leases having remaining terms in excess of 
one year as of September 29, 2012, are as follows ( in millions):  
   
Other Commitments  
As of September 29, 2012, the Company had outstandi ng off-balance sheet third- party manufacturing commitments and component purch ase 
commitments of $21.1 billion.  
In addition to the off- balance sheet commitments mentioned above, the Comp any had outstanding obligations of $988 million as of 
September 29, 2012, which were comprised mainly of commitments to acquire capital assets, including pr oduct tooling and manufacturing 
process equipment, and commitments related to adver tising, research and development, Internet and tele communications services and other 
obligations.  
Contingencies  
The Company is subject to various legal proceedings  and claims that have arisen in the ordinary course  of business and have not been fully 
adjudicated, certain of which are discussed in Part  I, Item 3 of this Form 10-K under the heading “Leg al Proceedings” and in Part I, Item 1A of 
this Form 10-K under the heading “Risk Factors.” In the opinion of management, there was not at leas t a reasonable possibility the Company 
may have incurred a material loss, or a material lo ss in excess of a recorded accrual, with respect to  loss contingencies. However, the outcome of 
litigation is inherently uncertain. Therefore, alth ough management considers the likelihood of such an  outcome to be remote, if one or more of 
these legal matters were resolved against the Compa ny in a reporting period for amounts in excess of m anagement’ s expectations, the 
Company’s consolidated financial statements for tha t reporting period could be materially adversely af fected.  
Apple Inc. vs Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd, et al.  
On August 24, 2012, a jury returned a verdict award ing the Company $1.05 billion in its lawsuit agains t Samsung Electronics and affiliated 
parties in the United States District Court, Northe rn District of California, San Jose Division. Becau se the award is subject to entry of final 
judgment and may be subject to appeal, the Company has not recognized the award in its consolidated fi nancial statements for the year 
ended September 29, 2012.  
   
70  2013     $ 516    
2014       556    
2015       542    
2016       513    
2017       486    
Thereafter       1,801    
           
Total minimum lease payments     $ 4,414    
           Table of Contents  
Note 8 – Segment Information and Geographic Data  
The Company reports segment information based on th e “management” approach. The management approach designates the in ternal reporting 
used by management for making decisions and assessi ng performance as the source of the Company’s repor table segments.  
The Company manages its business primarily on a geo graphic basis. Accordingly, the Company determined its reportable operating segments, 
which are generally based on the nature and locatio n of its customers, to be the Americas, Europe, Jap an, Asia-Pacific and Retail. The results of 
the Americas, Europe, Japan and Asia- Pacific segments do not include results of the Reta il segment. The Americas segment includes both Nort h 
and South America. The Europe segment includes Euro pean countries, as well as the Middle East and Afri ca. The Asia- Pacific segment includes 
Australia and Asian countries, other than Japan. Th e Retail segment operates Apple retail stores in 13  countries, including the U.S. Each 
operating segment provides similar hardware and sof tware products and similar services. The accounting  policies of the various segments are the 
same as those described in Note 1, “Summary of Sign ificant Accounting Policies.”  
The Company evaluates the performance of its operat ing segments based on net sales and operating incom e. Net sales for geographic segments 
are generally based on the location of customers, w hile Retail segment net sales are based on sales fr om the Company’ s retail stores. Operating 
income for each segment includes net sales to third  parties, related cost of sales and operating expen ses directly attributable to the segment. 
Advertising expenses are generally included in the geographic segment in which the expenditures are in curred. Operating income for each 
segment excludes other income and expense and certa in expenses managed outside the operating segments.  Costs excluded from segment 
operating income include various corporate expenses , such as manufacturing costs and variances not inc luded in standard costs, research and 
development, corporate marketing expenses, share- based compensation expense, income taxes, various n onrecurring charges, and other 
separately managed general and administrative costs . Prior to 2012, the Company allocated to corporate  expenses certain costs associated with 
its high-profile retail stores that have been designed and b uilt to promote brand awareness and serve as vehicl es for corporate sales and 
marketing activities. Beginning in 2012, the Compan y no longer allocates these costs to corporate expe nses and reclassified $102 million and 
$75 million of such costs from corporate to Retail segment expenses for 2011 and 2010, respectively. T he Company does not include 
intercompany transfers between segments for managem ent reporting purposes.  
Segment assets include receivables and inventories,  and for the Retail segment also includes capital a ssets. Segment assets exclude corporate 
assets, such as cash and cash equivalents, short-te rm and long-term marketable securities, vendor non- trade receivables, other long- term 
investments, manufacturing and corporate facilities , product tooling and manufacturing process equipme nt, miscellaneous corporate 
infrastructure, goodwill and other acquired intangi ble assets. Except for the Retail segment, capital asset purchases for long- lived assets are not 
reported to management by segment and therefore are  excluded from the geographic segment assets and in stead included in corporate assets. 
Cash payments for capital asset purchases by the Re tail segment were $858 million, $612 million and $3 92 million for 2012, 2011 and 2010, 
respectively. The Company’ s total depreciation and amortization was $3.3 bill ion, $1.8 billion and $1.0 billion in 2012, 2011 an d 2010, 
respectively, of which $319 million, $273 million a nd $198 million was related to the Retail segment i n the respective years. Depreciation and 
amortization on segment assets included in the geog raphic segments was not significant.  
   
71  Table of Contents  
The following table shows information by operating segment for 2012, 2011, and 2010 (in millions):  
   
A reconciliation of the Company’ s segment operating income to the consolidated fina ncial statements for 2012, 2011, and 2010, is as fo llows (in 
millions):  
   
The following table shows total assets by segment a nd a reconciliation to the consolidated financial s tatements as of September 29, 2012 and 
September 24, 2011 (in millions):  
   
The U.S. and China were the only countries that acc ounted for more than 10% of the Company’ s net sales in 2012 and 2011. No single country 
other than the U.S. accounted for more than 10% of net sales in 2010. There was no single customer tha t accounted for more than 10% of net 
sales in 2012, 2011 or 2010. Net sales for 2012,  
   
72       2012      2011      2010   
Americas:           
Net sales     $ 57,512       $ 38,315       $ 24,498    
Operating income     $ 23,733       $ 13,538       $ 7,590    
Europe:           
Net sales     $ 36,323       $ 27,778       $ 18,692    
Operating income     $ 15,015       $ 11,528       $ 7,524    
Japan:           
Net sales     $ 10,571       $ 5,437       $ 3,981    
Operating income     $ 5,915       $ 2,481       $ 1,846    
Asia -Pacific:           
Net sales     $ 33,274       $ 22,592       $ 8,256    
Operating income     $ 14,234       $ 9,587       $ 3,647    
Retail:           
Net sales     $ 18,828       $ 14,127       $ 9,798    
Operating income     $ 4,719       $ 3,242       $ 2,289    
     2012     2011     2010   
Segment operating income     $ 63,616      $ 40,376      $ 22,896    
Other corporate expenses, net (a)       (6,635 )      (5,418 )      (3,632 )  
Share -based compensation expense       (1,740 )      (1,168 )      (879 )  
                               
Total operating income     $ 55,241      $ 33,790      $ 18,385    
           
          
            
(a) Other corporate expenses include research and devel opment, corporate marketing expenses, manufacturing  costs and variances not 
included in standard costs, and other separately ma naged general and administrative expenses.  
     2012      2011   
Segment assets:        
Americas     $ 5,525       $ 2,782    
Europe       3,095         1,520    
Japan       1,698         637    
Asia -Pacific       2,234         1,710    
Retail       2,725         2,151    
                      
Total segment assets       15,277         8,800    
Corporate assets       160,787         107,571    
                      
Total assets     $ 176,064       $ 116,371    
           
           Table of Contents  
2011, and 2010 and long-lived assets as of Septembe r 29, 2012 and September 24, 2011 are as follows (i n millions):  
   
   
Information regarding net sales by product for 2012 , 2011, and 2010, is as follows (in millions):  
   
   
73       2012      2011      2010   
Net sales:           
U.S.     $ 60,949       $ 41,812       $ 28,633    
China (a)       22,797         12,472         2,764    
Other countries       72,762         53,965         33,828    
                                 
Total net sales     $ 156,508       $ 108,249       $ 65,225    
           
           
           
     2012      2011   
Long -lived assets:        
U.S.     $ 6,012       $ 4,375    
China (a)       7,314         2,613    
Other countries       2,560         1,090    
                      
Total long -lived assets     $ 15,886       $   8,078    
           
             
(a) China includes Hong Kong. Long- lived assets located in China consist primarily of product tooling and manufacturing process equipment  
and assets related to retail stores and related inf rastructure.  
     2012      2011      2010   
Mac desktops (a)(i)     $ 6,040       $ 6,439       $ 6,201    
Mac portables (b)(i)       17,181         15,344         11,278    
                                 
Total Mac net sales       23,221         21,783         17,479    
iPod(c)(i)       5,615         7,453         8,274    
Other music related products and services (d)       8,534         6,314         4,948    
iPhone and related products and services (e)(i)       80,477         47,057         25,179    
iPad and related products and services (f)(i)       32,424         20,358         4,958    
Peripherals and other hardware (g)       2,778         2,330         1,814    
Software, service and other net sales (h)       3,459         2,954         2,573    
                                 
Total net sales     $ 156,508       $ 108,249       $   65,225    
           
           
             
(a) Includes revenue from iMac, Mac mini and Mac Pro sa les.  
(b) Includes revenue from MacBook, MacBook Air and MacB ook Pro sales.  
(c) Includes revenue from iPod sales.  
(d) Includes revenue from sales from the iTunes Sto re, App Store, and iBookstore in addition to sales of iPod services and Apple- branded and 
third -party iPod accessories.  
(e) Includes revenue from sales of iPhone, iPhone servi ces, and Apple -branded and third -party iPhone accessories.  
(f) Includes revenue from sales of iPad, iPad services,  and Apple -branded and third -party iPad accessories.  
(g) Includes revenue from sales of displays, networking  products, and other hardware.  
(h) Includes revenue from sales of Apple -branded and third -party Mac software, and services.  
(i) Includes amortization of related revenue deferred f or non -software services and embedded software upgrade rig hts.  Table of Contents  
Note 9 – Selected Quarterly Financial Information ( Unaudited)  
The following tables show a summary of the Company’ s quarterly financial information for each of the f our quarters of 2012 and 2011 (in 
millions, except per share amounts):  
   
Basic and diluted earnings per share are computed i ndependently for each of the quarters presented. Th erefore, the sum of quarterly basic and 
diluted per share information may not equal annual basic and diluted earnings per share.  
   
74       Fourth Quarter      Third Quarter      Second Quarter      First Quarter   
2012              
Net sales     $ 35,966       $ 35,023       $ 39,186       $ 46,333    
Gross margin     $ 14,401       $ 14,994       $ 18,564       $ 20,703    
Net income     $ 8,223       $ 8,824       $ 11,622       $ 13,064    
Earnings per share:              
Basic     $ 8.76       $ 9.42       $ 12.45       $ 14.03    
Diluted     $ 8.67       $ 9.32       $ 12.30       $ 13.87    
     Fourth Quarter      Third Quarter      Second Quarter      First Quarter   
2011              
Net sales     $ 28,270       $ 28,571       $ 24,667       $ 26,741    
Gross margin     $ 11,380       $ 11,922       $ 10,218       $ 10,298    
Net income     $ 6,623       $ 7,308       $ 5,987       $ 6,004    
Earnings per share:              
Basic     $ 7.13       $ 7.89       $ 6.49       $ 6.53    
Diluted     $ 7.05       $ 7.79       $ 6.40       $ 6.43    Table of Contents  
Report of Ernst & Young LLP, Independent Registered  Public Accounting Firm  
The Board of Directors and Shareholders of Apple In c.  
We have audited the accompanying consolidated balan ce sheets of Apple Inc. as of September 29, 2012 an d September 24, 2011, and the related 
consolidated statements of operations, shareholders ’ equity and cash flows for each of the three years i n the period ended September 29, 2012. 
These financial statements are the responsibility o f the Company’ s management. Our responsibility is to express an o pinion on these financial 
statements based on our audits.  
We conducted our audits in accordance with the stan dards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Bo ard (United States). Those standards 
require that we plan and perform the audit to obtai n reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material 
misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a tes t basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclo sures in the financial statements. An audit 
also includes assessing the accounting principles u sed and significant estimates made by management, a s well as evaluating the overall financial 
statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.  
In our opinion, the financial statements referred t o above present fairly, in all material respects, t he consolidated financial position of Apple Inc. 
at September 29, 2012 and September 24, 2011, and t he consolidated results of its operations and its c ash flows for each of the three years in the 
period ended September 29, 2012, in conformity with  U.S. generally accepted accounting principles.  
We also have audited, in accordance with the standa rds of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Boar d (United States), Apple Inc.’ s 
internal control over financial reporting as of Sep tember 29, 2012, based on criteria established in Internal Control – Integrated Framework 
issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations  of the Treadway Commission and our report dated Oc tober 31, 2012 expressed an 
unqualified opinion thereon.  
/s/ Ernst & Young LLP  
San Jose, California  
October 31, 2012  
   
75  Table of Contents  
Report of Ernst & Young LLP, Independent Registered  Public Accounting Firm  
The Board of Directors and Shareholders of Apple In c.  
We have audited Apple Inc.’s internal control over financial reporting as of September 29, 2012, based  on criteria established in Internal Control 
– Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations  of the Treadway Commission (“the COSO criteria”). Apple 
Inc.’s management is responsible for maintaining effecti ve internal control over financial reporting, and f or its assessment of the effectiveness of 
internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Management’ s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial 
Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opin ion on the Company’s internal control over financia l reporting based on our audit.  
We conducted our audit in accordance with the stand ards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Boa rd (United States). Those standards 
require that we plan and perform the audit to obtai n reasonable assurance about whether effective inte rnal control over financial reporting was 
maintained in all material respects. Our audit incl uded obtaining an understanding of internal control  over financial reporting, assessing the risk 
that a material weakness exists, testing and evalua ting the design and operating effectiveness of inte rnal control based on the assessed risk, and 
performing such other procedures as we considered n ecessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our 
opinion.  
A company’ s internal control over financial reporting is a pr ocess designed to provide reasonable assurance rega rding the reliability of financial 
reporting and the preparation of financial statemen ts for external purposes in accordance with general ly accepted accounting principles. A 
company’ s internal control over financial reporting include s those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to  the maintenance of records that, in 
reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect th e transactions and dispositions of the assets of th e company; (2) provide reasonable assurance 
that transactions are recorded as necessary to perm it preparation of financial statements in accordanc e with generally accepted accounting 
principles, and that receipts and expenditures of t he company are being made only in accordance with a uthorizations of management and 
directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonabl e assurance regarding prevention or timely detectio n of unauthorized acquisition, use, or 
disposition of the company’s assets that could have  a material effect on the financial statements.  
Because of its inherent limitations, internal contr ol over financial reporting may not prevent or dete ct misstatements. Also, projections of any 
evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are s ubject to the risk that controls may become inadequ ate because of changes in conditions, or that 
the degree of compliance with the policies or proce dures may deteriorate.  
In our opinion, Apple Inc. maintained, in all mater ial respects, effective internal control over finan cial reporting as of September 29, 2012, based 
on the COSO criteria.  
We also have audited, in accordance with the standa rds of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Boar d (United States), the 2012 
consolidated financial statements of Apple Inc. and  our report dated October 31, 2012 expressed an unq ualified opinion thereon.  
/s/ Ernst & Young LLP  
San Jose, California  
October 31, 2012  
   
76  Table of Contents  
None.  
   
Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures  
Based on an evaluation under the supervision and wi th the participation of the Company’s management, t he Company’ s principal executive 
officer and principal financial officer have conclu ded that the Company’s disclosure controls and proc edures as defined in Rules 13a- 15(e) and 
15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act were effective as of S eptember 29, 2012 to provide reasonable assurance t hat information required to be 
disclosed by the Company in reports that it files o r submits under the Exchange Act is (i) recorded, p rocessed, summarized and reported within 
the time periods specified in the Securities and Ex change Commission rules and forms and (ii) accumula ted and communicated to the 
Company’ s management, including its principal executive off icer and principal financial officer, as appropriat e to allow timely decisions 
regarding required disclosure.  
Inherent Limitations Over Internal Controls  
The Company’ s internal control over financial reporting is desi gned to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial 
reporting and the preparation of financial statemen ts for external purposes in accordance with U.S. ge nerally accepted accounting principles 
(“GAAP”). The Company’s internal control over finan cial reporting includes those policies and procedur es that:  
   
   
   
Management, including the Company’s Chief Executive  Officer and Chief Financial Officer, does not expe ct that the Company’ s internal 
controls will prevent or detect all errors and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well designe d and operated, can provide only reasonable, 
not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Further, the design of a co ntrol system must reflect the fact that there 
are resource constraints, and the benefits of contr ols must be considered relative to their costs. Bec ause of the inherent limitations in all control 
systems, no evaluation of internal controls can pro vide absolute assurance that all control issues and  instances of fraud, if any, have been 
detected. Also, any evaluation of the effectiveness  of controls in future periods are subject to the r isk that those internal controls may become 
inadequate because of changes in business condition s, or that the degree of compliance with the polici es or procedures may deteriorate.  
Management’s Annual Report on Internal Control Over  Financial Reporting  
The Company’ s management is responsible for establishing and ma intaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in 
Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act). Management conducted an assessment of the effectiveness of the  Company’ s internal control over 
financial reporting based on the criteria set forth  in Internal Control – Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Spo nsoring 
Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on the Company’ s assessment, management has concluded that its int ernal control over 
financial reporting was effective as of September 2 9, 2012 to provide reasonable assurance regarding t he reliability of financial reporting and the 
preparation of financial statements in accordance w ith GAAP. The Company’ s independent registered public accounting firm, Er nst & Young 
LLP, has issued an audit report on the Company’s in ternal control over financial reporting, which appe ars in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K.  
   
77  Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Ac counting and Financial Disclosure 
Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
  (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reas onable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the tr ansactions and dispositions of the 
Company ’s assets;  
  (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of fina ncial statements in accordance 
with GAAP, and that the Company’ s receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of the 
Company ’s management and directors; and  
  (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention o r timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use , or disposition of the 
Company ’s assets that could have a material effect on the f inancial statements.  Table of Contents  
Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reportin g  
There were no changes in the Company’ s internal control over financial reporting during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2012, which were ident ified 
in connection with management’s evaluation required  by paragraph (d) of rules 13a-15 and 15d- 15 under the Exchange Act, that have materially 
affected, or are reasonably likely to materially af fect, the Company’s internal control over financial  reporting.  
   
Effective October 29, 2012, Scott Forstall, the Com pany’s Senior Vice President of Mobile Software, has tra nsitioned from that position into a 
new role as Special Advisor to the Chief Executive Officer.  
Effective October 30, 2012, the Company appointed P eter Oppenheimer as the Principal Accounting Office r of the Company. Mr. Oppenheimer 
also serves as the Company’s Senior Vice President,  Chief Financial Officer and is the Company’s Princ ipal Financial Officer.  
   
78  Item 9B. Other Information Table of Contents  
PART III  
   
The information required by this Item is set forth under the headings “Directors, Executive Officers a nd Corporate Governance” and “Section 16 
(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance” in t he Company’ s 2013 Proxy Statement to be filed with the U.S. Se curities and Exchange 
Commission (“SEC”) within 120 days after September 29, 2012 in connection with the solicitation of pro xies for the Company’ s 2013 annual 
meeting of shareholders and is incorporated herein by reference.  
   
The information required by this Item is set forth under the heading “Executive Compensation” and unde r the subheadings “ Board Oversight of 
Risk Management,” “Compensation of Directors,” “Dir ector Compensation-2012” and “ Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider 
Participation” under the heading “Directors, Execut ive Officers and Corporate Governance” in the Compa ny’s 2013 Proxy Statement to be filed 
with the SEC within 120 days after September 29, 20 12 and is incorporated herein by reference.  
   
The information required by this Item is set forth under the headings “Security Ownership of Certain B eneficial Owners and Management” and 
“Equity Compensation Plan Information” in the Compa ny’s 2013 Proxy Statement to be filed with the SEC wit hin 120 days after September 29, 
2012 and is incorporated herein by reference.  
   
The information required by this Item is set forth under the heading “Review, Approval or Ratification  of Transactions with Related Persons”
and under the subheading “Board Committees” under t he heading “Directors, Executive Officers and Corpo rate Governance” in the Company’ s 
2013 Proxy Statement to be filed with the SEC withi n 120 days after September 29, 2012 and is incorpor ated herein by reference.  
   
The information required by this Item is set forth under the subheadings “Fees Paid to Auditors” and “ Policy on Audit Committee Pre- Approval 
of Audit and Non-Audit Services Performed by the In dependent Registered Public Accounting Firm” under “Proposal No. 2 Ratification of 
Appointment of Independent Registered Public Accoun ting Firm” in the Company’ s 2013 Proxy Statement to be filed with the SEC wit hin 120 
days after September 29, 2012 and is incorporated h erein by reference.  
   
79  Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governa nce 
Item 11. Executive Compensation 
Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and  Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transact ions, and Director Independence 
Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services Table of Contents  
PART IV  
   
   
   
   
   
All financial statement schedules have been omitted , since the required information is not applicable or is not present in amounts sufficient to 
require submission of the schedule, or because the information required is included in the consolidate d financial statements and notes thereto 
included in this Form 10-K.  
   
The information required by this Section (a)(3) of Item 15 is set forth on the exhibit index that foll ows the Signatures page of this Form 10-K.  
   
80  Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
(a) Documents filed as part of this report  
(1) All financial statements  
Index to Consolidated Financial Statements    Page   
Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years  ended September 29, 2012, September  24, 2011, and  September 25, 2010       43    
Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 29, 201 2 and September 24, 2011       44    
Consolidated Statements of Shareholders’ Equity for  the years ended September 29, 2012,  September 24,  2011, and September 25, 
2010       45    
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years  ended September 29, 2012, September  24, 2011, and  September 25, 2010       46    
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements       47    
Selected Quarterly Financial Information (Unaudited )       74    
Reports of Ernst & Young LLP, Independent Registere d Public Accounting Firm       75    
(2) Financial Statement Schedules  
(3) Exhibits required by Item 601 of Regulation S-K   Table of Contents  
SIGNATURES  
Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d)  of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the regist rant has duly caused this report to be 
signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.  
Date: October 31, 2012  
Power of Attorney  
KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each perso n whose signature appears below constitutes and app oints Timothy D. Cook 
and Peter Oppenheimer, jointly and severally, his a ttorneys-in- fact, each with the power of substitution, for him in any and all capacities, to sign 
any amendments to this Annual Report on Form 10- K, and to file the same, with exhibits thereto and other documents in connection therewith, 
with the Securities and Exchange Commission, hereby  ratifying and confirming all that each of said att orneys-in- fact, or his substitute or 
substitutes, may do or cause to be done by virtue h ereof.  
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exch ange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below  by the following persons on behalf of the 
registrant and in the capacities and on the dates i ndicated:  
   
   
81  APPLE INC. 
By:   /s/  Peter Oppenheimer         
  Peter Oppenheimer 
  Senior Vice President, 
  Chief Financial Officer 
Name   Title   Date 
/s/    Timothy D. Cook          
TIMOTHY D. COOK    Chief Executive Officer and Director  
(Principal Executive Officer)    October 31, 2012 
/s/    Peter Oppenheimer          
PETER OPPENHEIMER  
  Senior Vice President, Chief  
Financial Officer (Principal Financial  
Officer and Principal Accounting Officer)    October 31, 2012 
/s/    William V. Campbell          
WILLIAM V. CAMPBELL    Director 
  October 31, 2012 
/s/    Millard S. Drexler          
MILLARD S. DREXLER    Director 
  October 31, 2012 
/s/    Al Gore          
AL GORE    Director 
  October 31, 2012 
/s/    Robert A. Iger          
ROBERT A. IGER    Director 
  October 31, 2012 
/s/    Andrea Jung          
ANDREA JUNG    Director 
  October 31, 2012 
/s/    Arthur D. Levinson          
ARTHUR D. LEVINSON    Director 
  October 31, 2012 
/s/    Ronald D. Sugar          
RONALD D. SUGAR    Director 
  October 31, 2012 Table of Contents  
EXHIBIT INDEX  
   
   
82           Incorporated by  
Reference  
Exhibit  
Number    Exhibit Description     Form     Exhibit     Filing Date/  
Period End  
Date  
  3.1  
   Restated Articles of Incorporation, filed with the Secretary  
of State of the State of California on July 10, 200 9.     10 -Q    3.1    6/27/09 
  3.2     Amended Bylaws of the Registrant, as of April 20, 2 011.    10 -Q    3.2    3/26/11 
  4.1     Form of Common Stock Certificate of the Registrant.     10 -Q    4.1    12/30/06 
10.1*  
   Amended Employee Stock Purchase Plan, effective as of  
March 8, 2010.     10 -Q    10.1    3/27/10 
10.2*  
   Form of Indemnification Agreement between the Regis trant and  
each director and executive officer of the Registra nt.     10 -Q    10.2    6/27/09 
10.3*     1997 Director Stock Plan, as amended through May 24 , 2012.    10 -Q    10.3    6/30/12 
10.4*  
   2003 Employee Stock Plan, as amended through  
February 25, 2010.     8-K    10.1    3/1/10 
10.5*  
   Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement effec tive as of  
November 11, 2008.     10 -Q    10.10    12/27/08 
10.6*  
   Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement effec tive as of  
November 16, 2010.     10 -Q    10.10    12/25/10 
10.7*  
   Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement effec tive as of  
April 6, 2012.     10 -Q    10.8    3/31/12 
10.8*  
   Summary Description of Amendment, effective as of M ay 24, 2012,  
to certain Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreements o utstanding as  
of April 5, 2012.     10 -Q    10.8    6/30/12 
21.1**     Subsidiaries of the Registrant.          
23.1**  
   Consent of Ernst & Young LLP, Independent Registere d Public  
Accounting Firm.           
24.1**  
   Power of Attorney (included on the Signatures page of this  
Annual Report on Form 10 -K).           
31.1**     Rule 13a -14(a) / 15d -14(a) Certification of Chief Executive Officer.          
31.2**     Rule 13a -14(a) / 15d -14(a) Certification of Chief Financial Officer.          
32.1***  
   Section 1350 Certifications of Chief Executive Offi cer and Chief  
Financial Officer.           
101.INS**     XBRL Instance Document.          
101.SCH**     XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document.          
101.CAL**     XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Docume nt.          
101.DEF**     XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Documen t.          
101.LAB**     XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document.          
101.PRE**     XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Docum ent.          
  
* Indicates management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement.  
** Filed herewith.  
*** Furnished herewith.  Exhibit 21.1 
SUBSIDIARIES OF  
APPLE INC.*  
   
       Jurisdiction  
of Incorporation  
Apple Sales International     Ireland 
Apple Operations International     Ireland 
Apple Operations Europe     Ireland 
Braeburn Capital, Inc.     Nevada, U.S. 
  
* Pursuant to Item 601(b)(21)(ii) of Regulation S- K, the names of other subsidiaries of Apple Inc. ar e omitted because, considered in the 
aggregate, they would not constitute a significant subsidiary as of the end of the year covered by thi s report.  Exhibit 23.1 
Consent of Ernst & Young LLP, Independent Registere d Public Accounting Firm  
We consent to the incorporation by reference in the  Registration Statements on Forms S-8 (333-180981, 333-179189, 333-75930, 333- 125148, 
333-146026, 333-165214, and 333- 168279) of Apple Inc. of our reports dated October 31, 2012 with respect to the consolidated financial  
statements of Apple Inc., and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting of Apple Inc., included in this Annual Report on Form 
10-K for the year ended September 29, 2012.  
/s/ Ernst & Young LLP  
San Jose, California  
October 31, 2012  Exhibit 31.1 
CERTIFICATIONS  
I, Timothy D. Cook, certify that:  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
Date: October 31, 2012  1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10 -K of Apple Inc.;  
2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain  any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to  state a material fact necessary to 
make the statements made, in light of the circumsta nces under which such statements were made, not mis leading with respect to the period 
covered by this report;  
3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, an d other financial information included in this repo rt, fairly present in all material 
respects the financial condition, results of operat ions and cash flows of the registrant as of, and fo r, the periods presented in this report;  
4. The registrant’ s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible  for establishing and maintaining disclosure contro ls and procedures (as 
defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d- 15(e)) and internal control over financial reportin g (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 
13a -15(f) and 15d -15(f)) for the registrant and have:  
  (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, o r caused such disclosure controls and procedures to  be designed under our 
supervision, to ensure that material information re lating to the registrant, including its consolidate d subsidiaries, is made known to us 
by others within those entities, particularly durin g the period in which this report is being prepared ;  
  (b) Designed such internal control over financial repor ting, or caused such internal control over financia l reporting to be designed under 
our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance re garding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial 
statements for external purposes in accordance with  generally accepted accounting principles;  
  (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant’ s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about 
the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and pr ocedures, as of the end of the period covered by th is report based on such 
evaluation; and  
  (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the regi strant’s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant’ s 
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant’ s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual re port) that has materially affected, or is 
reasonably likely to materially affect, the registr ant ’s internal control over financial reporting; and  
5. The registrant’ s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed,  based on our most recent evaluation of internal co ntrol over financial 
reporting, to the registrant’s auditors and the aud it committee of the registrant’ s board of directors (or persons performing the equ ivalent 
functions):  
  (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesse s in the design or operation of internal control ov er financial reporting which are 
reasonably likely to adversely affect the registran t ’s ability to record, process, summarize, and report  financial information; and  
  (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involv es management or other employees who have a signifi cant role in the registrant’ s 
internal control over financial reporting.  
By:   /s/  Timothy D. Cook        
  Timothy D. Cook 
  Chief Executive Officer Exhibit 31.2 
CERTIFICATIONS  
I, Peter Oppenheimer, certify that:  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
Date: October 31, 2012  
   1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10 -K of Apple Inc.;  
2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain  any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to  state a material fact necessary to 
make the statements made, in light of the circumsta nces under which such statements were made, not mis leading with respect to the period 
covered by this report;  
3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, an d other financial information included in this repo rt, fairly present in all material 
respects the financial condition, results of operat ions and cash flows of the registrant as of, and fo r, the periods presented in this report;  
4. The registrant’ s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible  for establishing and maintaining disclosure contro ls and procedures (as 
defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d- 15(e)) and internal control over financial reportin g (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 
13a -15(f) and 15d -15(f)) for the registrant and have:  
  (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedure s, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed u nder our 
supervision, to ensure that material information re lating to the registrant, including its consolidate d subsidiaries, is made known to us 
by others within those entities, particularly durin g the period in which this report is being prepared ;  
  (b) Designed such internal control over financial repor ting, or caused such internal control over financia l reporting to be designed under 
our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance re garding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial 
statements for external purposes in accordance with  generally accepted accounting principles;  
  (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant’ s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about 
the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and pr ocedures, as of the end of the period covered by th is report based on such 
evaluation; and  
  (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the regi strant’s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant’ s 
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant’ s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual re port) that has materially affected, or is 
reasonably likely to materially affect, the registr ant ’s internal control over financial reporting; and  
5. The registrant’ s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed,  based on our most recent evaluation of internal co ntrol over financial 
reporting, to the registrant’s auditors and the aud it committee of the registrant’ s board of directors (or persons performing the equ ivalent 
functions):  
  (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesse s in the design or operation of internal control ov er financial reporting 
which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the  registrant’ s ability to record, process, summarize, and report  financial 
information; and  
  (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves m anagement or other employees who have a significant  role in the 
registrant ’s internal control over financial reporting.  
By:   /s/   Peter Oppenheimer        
  Peter Oppenheimer  
Senior Vice President,  
Chief Financial Officer  Exhibit 32.1 
CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER  
PURSUANT TO  
18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,  
AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO  
SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  
I, Timothy D. Cook, certify, as of the dates hereof , pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pu rsuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-
Oxley Act of 2002, that the Annual Report of Apple Inc. on Form 10- K for the fiscal year ended September 29, 2012 full y complies with the 
requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Secur ities Exchange Act of 1934 and that information con tained in such Form 10- K fairly presents 
in all material respects the financial condition an d results of operations of Apple Inc. at the dates and for the periods indicated.  
Date: October 31, 2012  
I, Peter Oppenheimer, certify, as of the dates here of, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-
Oxley Act of 2002, that the Annual Report of Apple Inc. on Form 10- K for the fiscal year ended September 29, 2012 full y complies with the 
requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Secur ities Exchange Act of 1934 and that information con tained in such Form 10- K fairly presents 
in all material respects the financial condition an d results of operations of Apple Inc. at the dates and for the periods indicated.  
Date: October 31, 2012  
A signed original of this written statement require d by Section 906 has been provided to Apple Inc. an d will be retained by Apple Inc. and 
furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission  or its staff upon request.  By:   /s/  Timothy D. Cook          
  Timothy D. Cook 
  Chief Executive Officer 
By:   /s/  Peter Oppenheimer          
  Peter Oppenheimer 
  Senior Vice President,  
Chief Financial Officer  