UNITED STATES
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
Washington, D.C. 20549
___________________________________________
FORM 10-K
___________________________________________
(Mark One)
☒ ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT T O SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2019
OR
☐ TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT T O SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
For the transition period from              to             .
Commission file number: 001-37580
___________________________________________
Alphabet Inc.
(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)
___________________________________________
Delaware 61-1767919
(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)
1600 Amphitheatre Parkway
Mountain V iew, CA 94043
(Address of principal executive offices, including zip code)
(650) 253-000
(Registrant's telephone number, including)
Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:
Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered
Class A Common Stock, $0.001 par value GOOGL Nasdaq Stock Market LLC
  (Nasdaq Global Select Market)
Class C Capital Stock, $0.001 par value GOOG Nasdaq Stock Market LLC
  (Nasdaq Global Select Market)
Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:
Title of each class
None
___________________________________________
Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer , as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act.    Yes  ☒    No  ☐
Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act.    Yes  ☐   No  ☒
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing
requirements for the past 90 days.    Yes  ☒    No  ☐
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of
Regulation S-T (§232.40 5 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such
files).    Yes  ☒    No  ☐
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company , or an
emerging growth company . See the definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer,” “smaller reporting company ,” and "emerging growth company"
in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.Large accelerated filer ☒  Accelerated filer ☐
Non-accelerated filer ☐ Smaller reporting company ☐
Emerging growth company ☐   
If an emergin g growth company , indicate by chec k mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or
revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).    Yes  ☐    No  ☒
As of June 28, 2019 , the aggregate market value of shares held by non-af filiates of the registrant (based upon the closing sale prices of such shares on the
Nasdaq Global Select Market on June 28, 2019 ) was approximately $663.0 billion . For purposes of calculating the aggregate market value of shares held
by non-affiliates, we have assumed that all outstanding shares are held by non-af filiates, except for shares held by each of our executive officers, directors
and 5% or greater stockholders. In the case of 5% or greater stockholders, we have not deemed such stockholders to be affiliates unless there are facts
and circumstances which would indicate that such stockholders exercise any control over our company , or unless they hold 10% or more of our outstanding
common stock. These assumptions should not be deemed to constitute an admission that all executive officers, directors and 5% or greater stockholders
are, in fact, affiliates of our company , or that there are not other persons who may be deem ed to be affiliates of our company . Further information
concerning shareholding s of our officers, directors and principal stockholders is included or incorporated by reference in Part III, Item 12 of this Annual
Report on Form 10-K.
As of January 27, 2020 , there were 299,895,185  shares of the registrant’ s Class A common stock outstanding, 46,41 1,073  shares of the registrant’ s
Class B common stock outstanding, and 340,979,832  shares of the registrant’ s Class C capital stock outstanding.
___________________________________________
DOCUMENTS INCORPORA TED BY REFERENCE
Portions of the registrant’ s Proxy Statement for the 2020  Annual Meeting of Stockholders are incorporated herein by reference in Part III of this Annua l
Report on Form 10-K to the extent stated herein. Such proxy statement will be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days of the
registrant’ s fiscal year ended December 31, 2019 .Table of Contents Alphabet Inc.
Alphabet Inc.
Form 10-K
For the Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2019
TABLE OF CONTENTS
  Page
Note About Forward-Looking Statements 3
   
PART I   
Item 1. Business 5
Item 1A. Risk Factors 9
Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 22
Item 2. Properties 22
Item 3. Legal Proceedings 22
Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 22
   
PART II   
Item 5. Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity
Securities23
Item 6. Selected Financial Data 26
Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 27
Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 43
Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 46
Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 90
Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 90
Item 9B. Other Information 90
   
PART III   
Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 91
Item 11. Executive Compensation 91
Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 91
Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 91
Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 91
   
PART IV   
Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 92
Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 95
Signatures   
2Table of Contents Alphabet Inc.
NOTE ABOUT FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS
This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform
Act of 1995. These statements include, among other things, statements regarding:
•the growth of our business and revenues and our expectations about the factors that influence our success and trends in our
business;
•the potential for declines in our revenue growth rate and operating margin;
•our expectation that the shift from an offline to online world will continue to benefit our business;
•our expectation that the portion of our revenues that we derive from non-advertising revenues will continue to increase and may
affect our margins;
•our expectation that our traffic acquisition costs (TAC) and the associated TAC rates will fluctuate, which could affect our overall
margins;
•our expectation that our monetization trends will fluctuate, which could affect our revenues and margins;
•fluctuations in our revenue growth, as well as the change in paid clicks and cost-per-click on Google properties and the change in
impressions and cost-per-impression on Google Network Members’ properties, and various factors contributing to such fluctuations;
•our expectation that we will continue to periodically review, refine, and update our methodologies for monitoring, gathering, and
counting the number of paid clicks on Google properties and impressions on Google Network Members’ properties;
•our expectation that our results will be affected by our performance in international markets as users in developing economies
increasingly come online;
•our expectation that our foreign exchange risk management program will not fully offset our net exposure to fluctuations in foreign
currency exchange rates;
•the expected variability of gains and losses related to hedging activities under our foreign exchange risk management program;
•the amount and timing of revenue recognition for commitments in customer contracts with performance obligations, which could
impact our estimate of the remaining amount of commitments and when we expect to recognize revenue;
•fluctuations in our capital expenditures;
•our plans to continue to invest in new businesses, products, services and technologies, systems, land and buildings for data
centers and offices, and infrastructure, to continue to hire aggressively and provide competitive compensation programs, as well as
to continue to invest in acquisitions;
•our expectation that our cost of revenues, research and development (R&D) expenses, sales and marketing expenses, and general
and administrative expenses will increase in amount and may increase as a percentage of revenues may be affected by a number
of factors;
•estimates of our future compensation expenses;
•our expectation that our other income (expense), net (OI&E), will fluctuate in the future, as it is largely driven by market dynamics;
•fluctuations in our effective tax rate;
•seasonal fluctuations in internet usage and advertiser expenditures, underlying business trends such as traditional retail seasonality
and macroeconomic conditions, which are likely to cause fluctuations in our quarterly results;
•the sufficiency of our sources of funding;
•our potential exposure in connection with pending investigations, proceedings, and other contingencies;
•the sufficiency and timing of our proposed remedies in response to the European Commission's (EC) and others' decisions;
•our expectations regarding the timing, design and implementation of our new global enterprise resource planning (ERP) system;
3Table of Contents Alphabet Inc.
•the expected timing and amount of Alphabet Inc.'s share repurchases;
•our long-term sustainability goals;
as well as other statements regarding our future operations, financial condition and prospects, and business strategies. Forward-looking
statements may appear throughout this report and other documents we file with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), including
without limitation, the following sections: Item 1 "Business," Item 1A "Risk Factors," and Item 7 "Management’s Discussion and Analysis of
Financial Condition and Results of Operations." Forward-looking statements generally can be identified by words such as "anticipates,"
"believes," "estimates," "expects," "intends," "plans," "predicts," "projects," "will be," "will continue," "may," "could," "will likely result," and
similar expressions. These forward-looking statements are based on current expectations and assumptions that are subject to risks and
uncertainties, which could cause our actual results to differ materially from those reflected in the forward-looking statements. Factors that
could cause or contribute to such differences include, but are not limited to, those discussed in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and in
particular, the risks discussed in Item 1A, "Risk Factors" of this report and those discussed in other documents we file with the SEC. We
undertake no obligation to revise or publicly release the results of any revision to these forward-looking statements, except as required by
law. Given these risks and uncertainties, readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements.
As used herein, "Alphabet," "the company," "we," "us," "our," and similar terms include Alphabet Inc. and its subsidiaries, unless the
context indicates otherwise.
"Alphabet," "Google," and other trademarks of ours appearing in this report are our property. This report contains additional trade
names and trademarks of other companies. We do not intend our use or display of other companies' trade names or trademarks to imply an
endorsement or sponsorship of us by such companies, or any relationship with any of these companies.
4Table of Contents Alphabet Inc.
PART I
ITEM 1. BUSINESS
Overview
As our founders Larry and Sergey wrote in the original founders' letter, "Google is not a conventional company. We do not intend to
become one." That unconventional spirit has been a driving force throughout our history — inspiring us to do things like tackling deep
computer science problems, such as our investments in artificial intelligence (AI) and quantum computing.
Alphabet is a collection of businesses — the largest of which is Google. We report all non-Google businesses collectively as Other
Bets. Our Other Bets include earlier stage technologies that are further afield from our core Google business. We take a long term view and
manage the portfolio of Other Bets with the discipline and rigor needed to deliver long-term returns. Each of our businesses are designed to
prosper through strong leaders and independence.
Access and technology for everyone
The Internet is one of the world’s most powerful equalizers, capable of propelling new ideas and people forward. Today, our mission to
organize the world’s information and make it universally accessible and useful is as relevant as it was when we were founded in 1998.
Since then, we’ve evolved from a company that helps people find answers to a company that helps you get things done. We’re focused on
building an even more helpful Google for everyone. We aspire to give everyone the tools they need to increase their knowledge, health,
happiness, and success.
Across Google, we're focused on continually innovating in areas where technology can have an impact on people’s lives. Our work in
AI is helping to produce earlier and more precise flood warnings. We’re also working hard to make sure that our products are accessible to
the more than one billion individuals around the world with a disability. For example, Android 10 has automatic Live Captions for videos,
podcasts and voicemails to make it easier to consume information on the phone.
Our Other Bets are also pursuing initiatives with similar goals. For instance, as a part of our efforts in the Metro Phoenix area, Waymo
is working toward our goal of making transportation safer and easier for everyone while Verily is developing tools and platforms to improve
health outcomes.
Moonshots
Many companies get comfortable doing what they have always done, making only incremental changes. This incrementalism leads to
irrelevance over time, especially in technology, where change tends to be revolutionary, not evolutionary. People thought we were crazy
when we acquired YouTube and Android and when we launched Chrome, but those efforts have matured into major platforms for digital
video and mobile devices and a safer, popular browser. We continue to look toward the future and continue to invest for the long-term. As
we said in the original founders' letter, we will not shy away from high-risk, high-reward projects that we believe in because they are the key
to our long-term success.
The power of machine learning
Across the company, machine learning and AI are increasingly driving many of our latest innovations. Within Google, our investments
in machine learning over a decade have enabled us to build products that are smarter and more helpful. For example, our investments in AI
are enabling doctors to detect cancer earlier. Machine learning powers the Google Assistant and many of our newer technologies.
Google
Serving our users
We have always been a company committed to building products that have the potential to improve the lives of millions of people. Our
product innovations have made our services widely used, and our brand one of the most recognized in the world. Google's core products
and platforms, such as Android, Chrome, Gmail, Google Drive, Google Maps, Google Play, Search, and YouTube each have over one
billion monthly active users. As the majority of Alphabet’s big bets continue to reside within Google, an important benefit of the shift to
Alphabet has been the tremendous focus that we’re able to have on Google’s many extraordinary opportunities.
Our products have come a long way since the company was founded more than two decades ago. Instead of just showing ten blue
links in our search results, we are increasingly able to provide direct answers — even if you're speaking your question using Voice Search
— which makes it quicker, easier and more natural to find what you're looking for. With Google Lens, you can use your phone’s camera to
identify an unfamiliar landmark or find a trailer
5Table of Contents Alphabet Inc.
from a movie poster. Over time, we have also added other services that let you access information quickly and easily — like Google Maps,
which helps you navigate to a store while showing you current traffic conditions, or Google Photos, which helps you store and organize your
photos.
This drive to make information more accessible and helpful has led us over the years to improve the discovery and creation of digital
content, on the web and through platforms like Google Play and YouTube. And with the migration to mobile, people are consuming more
digital content by watching more videos, playing more games, listening to more music, reading more books, and using more apps than ever
before. Working with content creators and partners, we continue to build new ways for people around the world to find great digital content.
Fueling all of these great digital experiences are powerful platforms and hardware. That’s why we continue to invest in platforms like
our Android mobile operating system, Chrome browser, Chrome operating system, and Daydream virtual reality platform, as well as growing
our family of great hardware devices. We see tremendous potential for devices to be helpful, make your life easier, and get better over time,
by combining the best of Google's AI, software, and hardware. This is reflected in our latest generation of hardware products like Pixel 4
phones and the Google Nest Hub smart display. Creating beautiful products that people rely on every day is a journey that we are investing
in for the long run.
Key to building helpful products for users is our commitment to keeping their data safe online. As the Internet evolves, we continue to
invest in our industry-leading security technologies and privacy tools, such as the addition of auto-delete controls to enable users to
automatically delete activity after 3 or 18 months and incognito mode in YouTube and Maps.
Google was a company built in the cloud. We continue to invest in infrastructure, security, data management, analytics and AI. We see
significant opportunity in helping businesses enhance these strengths with features like data migration, modern development environments
and machine learning tools to provide enterprise-ready cloud services, including Google Cloud Platform and G Suite. Google Cloud
Platform enables developers to build, test, and deploy applications on Google’s highly scalable and reliable infrastructure. Our G Suite
productivity tools — which include apps like Gmail, Docs, Drive, Calendar, and more — are designed with real-time collaboration and
machine intelligence to help people work smarter. Because more and more of today’s great digital experiences are being built in the cloud,
our Google Cloud products help businesses of all sizes take advantage of the latest technology advances to operate more efficiently.
How we make money
The goal of our advertising products is to deliver relevant ads at just the right time and to give people useful commercial information,
regardless of the device they’re using. We also provide advertisers with tools that help them better attribute and measure their advertising
campaigns. Our advertising solutions help millions of companies grow their businesses, and we offer a wide range of products across
devices and formats. We generate revenues primarily by delivering both performance advertising and brand advertising.
•Performance advertising creates and delivers relevant ads that users will click on, leading to direct engagement with advertisers.
Most of our performance advertisers pay us when a user engages in their ads. Performance advertising lets our advertisers connect
with users while driving measurable results. Our ads tools allow performance advertisers to create simple text-based ads that
appear on Google properties and the properties of Google Network Members. In addition, Google Network Members use our
platforms to display relevant ads on their properties, generating revenues when site visitors view or click on the ads. We continue to
invest in our advertising programs and make significant upgrades.
•Brand advertising helps enhance users' awareness of and affinity with advertisers' products and services, through videos, text,
images, and other interactive ads that run across various devices. We help brand advertisers deliver digital videos and other types
of ads to specific audiences for their brand-building marketing campaigns.
We have built a world-class ad technology platform for advertisers, agencies, and publishers to power their digital marketing
businesses. We aim to ensure great user experiences by serving the right ads at the right time and by building deep partnerships with
brands and agencies. We also seek to improve the measurability of advertising so advertisers know when their campaigns are effective.
We have allocated substantial resources to stopping bad advertising practices and protecting users on the web. We focus on creating
the best advertising experiences for our users and advertisers in many ways, ranging from filtering out invalid traffic, removing billions of
bad ads from our systems every year to closely monitoring the sites, apps, and videos where ads appear and blacklisting them when
necessary to ensure that ads do not fund bad content.
6Table of Contents Alphabet Inc.
We continue to look to the future and are making long-term investments that will grow revenues beyond advertising, including Google
Cloud, Google Play, hardware, and YouTube. We are also investing in research efforts in AI and quantum computing to foster innovation
across our businesses and create new opportunities.
Other Bets
Throughout Alphabet, we are also using technology to try and solve big problems across many industries. Alphabet’s investment in our
portfolio of Other Bets include emerging businesses at various stages of development, ranging from those in the research and development
phase to those that are in the beginning stages of commercialization, and our goal is for them to become thriving, successful businesses in
the medium to long term. While these early-stage businesses naturally come with considerable uncertainty, some of them are already
generating revenue and making important strides in their industries. Revenues are primarily generated from internet and TV services, as
well as licensing and R&D services.
Other Bets operate as independent companies and some of them have their own boards with independent members and outside
investors. We are investing in our portfolio of Other Bets and being very deliberate about the focus, scale, and pace of investments.
Competition
Our business is characterized by rapid change as well as new and disruptive technologies. We face formidable competition in every
aspect of our business, particularly from companies that seek to connect people with online information and provide them with relevant
advertising. We face competition from:
•General purpose search engines and information services, such as Baidu, Microsoft's Bing, Naver, Seznam, Verizon's Yahoo, and
Yandex.
•Vertical search engines and e-commerce websites, such as Amazon and eBay (e-commerce), Booking's Kayak (travel queries),
Microsoft's LinkedIn (job queries), and WebMD (health queries). Some users will navigate directly to such content, websites, and
apps rather than go through Google.
•Social networks, such as Facebook, Snapchat, and Twitter. Some users increasingly rely on social networks for product or service
referrals, rather than seeking information through traditional search engines.
•Other forms of advertising, such as billboards, magazines, newspapers, radio, and television. Our advertisers typically advertise in
multiple media, both online and offline.
•Other online advertising platforms and networks, including Amazon, AppNexus, Criteo, and Facebook, that compete for advertisers
that use Google Ads, our primary auction-based advertising platform.
•Providers of digital video services, such as Amazon, Apple, AT&T, Disney, Facebook, Hulu, Netflix and TikTok.
In businesses that are further afield from our advertising business, we compete with companies that have longer operating histories
and more established relationships with customers and users. We face competition from:
•Other digital content and application platform providers, such as Amazon and Apple.
•Companies that design, manufacture, and market consumer hardware products, including businesses that have developed
proprietary platforms.
•Providers of enterprise cloud services, including Alibaba, Amazon, and Microsoft.
•Digital assistant providers, such as Amazon and Apple.
Competing successfully depends heavily on our ability to deliver and distribute innovative products and technologies to the
marketplace across our businesses. Specifically, for advertising, competing successfully depends on attracting and retaining:
•Users, for whom other products and services are literally one click away, largely on the basis of the relevance of our advertising, as
well as the general usefulness, security and availability of our products and services.
•Advertisers, primarily based on our ability to generate sales leads, and ultimately customers, and to deliver their advertisements in
an efficient and effective manner across a variety of distribution channels.
•Content providers, primarily based on the quality of our advertiser base, our ability to help these partners generate revenues from
advertising, and the terms of our agreements with them.
Intellectual Property
7Table of Contents Alphabet Inc.
We rely on various intellectual property laws, confidentiality procedures and contractual provisions to protect our proprietary
technology and our brand. We have registered, and applied for the registration of, U.S. and international trademarks, service marks, domain
names and copyrights. We have also filed patent applications in the U.S. and foreign countries covering certain of our technology, and
acquired patent assets to supplement our portfolio. We have licensed in the past, and expect that we may license in the future, certain of
our rights to other parties.
Culture and Employees
We take great pride in our culture. We embrace collaboration and creativity, and encourage the iteration of ideas to address complex
technical challenges. Transparency and open dialogue are central to how we work, and we aim to ensure that company news reaches our
employees first through internal channels.
Despite our rapid growth, we still cherish our roots as a startup and wherever possible empower employees to act on great ideas
regardless of their role or function within the company. We strive to hire great employees, with backgrounds and perspectives as diverse as
those of our global users. We work to provide an environment where these talented people can have fulfilling careers addressing some of
the biggest challenges in technology and society.
Our employees are among our best assets and are critical for our continued success. We expect to continue investing in hiring
talented employees and to provide competitive compensation programs to our employees. As of December 31, 2019, we had 118,899 full-
time employees. Although we have work councils and statutory employee representation obligations in certain countries, our U.S.
employees are not represented by a labor union. Competition for qualified personnel in our industry is intense, particularly for software
engineers, computer scientists, and other technical staff.
Ongoing Commitment to Sustainability
We strive to build sustainability into everything we do from designing and operating efficient data centers, advancing carbon-free
energy, creating sustainable workplaces, building better devices and services, empowering users with technology, and enabling a
responsible supply chain. Google has been carbon neutral since 2007 and we are the largest corporate purchaser of renewable energy in
the world. In 2018, for the second consecutive year, we matched 100% of our electricity consumption with renewable energy purchases, as
reported in our 2019 Environmental Report.
Some other 2019 highlights and achievements include:
•We made our largest corporate purchase of renewable energy: 18 new energy deals totaling 1,600 megawatts, which is anticipated
to spur the construction of more than $2 billion in new energy infrastructure.
•100% of Nest products launched in 2019 include recycled plastic content and we launched carbon neutral shipping for Google’s
direct customers who buy a product on Google Shopping or purchase Made by Google hardware.
•The Environmental Insights Explorer is enabling municipalities — which represent more than 70% of global greenhouse gas
emissions according to the 2016 United Nations Habitat World Cities Report — to estimate emissions and develop climate action
plans. In 2019, we expanded this tool to more than 100 cities worldwide.
We believe that climate change is one of the most significant global challenges of our time. In 2017, we developed a climate resilience
strategy, which included conducting a climate scenario analysis. We have been on CDP’s (formerly the Carbon Disclosure Project) Climate
Change A list for five consecutive years. We believe our CDP report reflects the recommendations of the Task Force on Climate-related
Financial Disclosures (TCFD).
More information on Google's approach to sustainability can be found in our annual sustainability reports. The content of our
sustainability reports are not incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K or in any other report or document we file with
the SEC.
Seasonality
Our business is affected by seasonal fluctuations in internet usage, advertising expenditures, and underlying business trends such as
traditional retail seasonality.
Available Information
Our website is located at www.abc.xyz, and our investor relations website is located at www.abc.xyz/investor. Our Annual Reports on
Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, and our Proxy Statements, and any amendments to these
reports, are available through our investor relations website, free of charge, after we file them with the SEC. We also provide a link to the
section of the SEC's website at www.sec.gov that has all of the reports that we file or furnish with the SEC.
8Table of Contents Alphabet Inc.
We webcast via our investor relations website our earnings calls and certain events we participate in or host with members of the
investment community. Our investor relations website also provides notifications of news or announcements regarding our financial
performance and other items of interest to our investors, including SEC filings, investor events, press and earnings releases, and blogs. We
also share Google news and product updates on Google's Keyword blog at https://www.blog.google/, which may be of interest or material to
our investors. Further, corporate governance information, including our certificate of incorporation, bylaws, governance guidelines, board
committee charters, and code of conduct, is also available on our investor relations website under the heading "Other." The content of our
websites are not incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K or in any other report or document we file with the SEC,
and any references to our websites are intended to be inactive textual references only.
ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS
Our operations and financial results are subject to various risks and uncertainties, including but not limited to those described below,
which could harm our business, reputation, financial condition, and operating results.
Risks Specific to our Company
We generate a significant portion of our revenues from advertising, and reduced spending by advertisers, a loss of partners,
or new and existing technologies that block ads online and/or affect our ability to customize ads could harm our business.
We generated over 83% of total revenues from the display of ads online in 2019. Many of our advertisers, companies that distribute
our products and services, digital publishers, and content providers can terminate their contracts with us at any time. These partners may
not continue to do business with us if we do not create more value (such as increased numbers of users or customers, new sales leads,
increased brand awareness, or more effective monetization) than their available alternatives. Changes to our advertising policies and data
privacy practices, as well as changes to other companies’ advertising policies or practices may affect the advertising that we are able to
provide, which could harm our business. In addition, technologies have been developed that make customized ads more difficult or that
block the display of ads altogether and some providers of online services have integrated technologies that could potentially impair the
availability and functionality of third-party digital advertising. Failing to provide superior value or deliver advertisements effectively and
competitively could harm our reputation, financial condition, and operating results.
In addition, expenditures by advertisers tend to be cyclical, reflecting overall economic conditions and budgeting and buying patterns.
Adverse macroeconomic conditions can also have a material negative effect on the demand for advertising and cause our advertisers to
reduce the amounts they spend on advertising, which could harm our financial condition and operating results.
We face intense competition. If we do not continue to innovate and provide products and services that are useful to users,
we may not remain competitive, which could harm our business and operating results.
Our business environment is rapidly evolving and intensely competitive. Our businesses face changing technologies, shifting user
needs, and frequent introductions of rival products and services. To compete successfully, we must accurately anticipate technology
developments and deliver innovative, relevant and useful products, services, and technologies in a timely manner. As our businesses
evolve, the competitive pressure to innovate will encompass a wider range of products and services. We must continue to invest significant
resources in research and development, including through acquisitions, in order to enhance our technology and new and existing products
and services.
We have many competitors in different industries. Our current and potential domestic and international competitors range from large
and established companies to emerging start-ups. Some competitors have longer operating histories in various sectors. They can use their
experience and resources in ways that could affect our competitive position, including by making acquisitions, continuing to invest heavily in
research and development and in talent, aggressively initiating intellectual property claims (whether or not meritorious), and continuing to
compete aggressively for users, advertisers, customers, and content providers. Our competitors may be able to innovate and provide
products and services faster than we can or may foresee the need for products and services before us. For example, we are investing
significantly in subscription-based products and services such as YouTube, which face intense competition from large experienced
companies with well established relationships with users.
Our operating results may also suffer if our products and services are not responsive to the needs of our users, advertisers, publishers,
customers, and content providers. As technologies continue to develop, our competitors may be able to offer experiences that are, or that
are seen to be, substantially similar to or better than ours. This may force us to compete in different ways and expend significant resources
in order to remain competitive. If our competitors
9Table of Contents Alphabet Inc.
are more successful than we are in developing compelling products or in attracting and retaining users, advertisers, publishers, customers,
and content providers, our operating results could be harmed.
Our ongoing investment in new businesses, products, services, and technologies is inherently risky, and could disrupt our
current operations and harm our financial condition and operating results.
We have invested and expect to continue to invest in new businesses, products, services, and technologies. The investments that we
are making across Google and Other Bets reflect our ongoing efforts to innovate and provide products and services that are useful to users,
advertisers, publishers, customers, and content providers. Our investments in Google and Other Bets span a wide range of industries
beyond online advertising. Such investments ultimately may not be commercially viable or may not result in an adequate return of capital
and, in pursuing new strategies, we may incur unanticipated liabilities. These endeavors may involve significant risks and uncertainties,
including diversion of management resources and, with respect to Other Bets, the use of alternative investment, governance, or
compensation structures that may fail to adequately align incentives across the company or otherwise accomplish their objectives.
Within Google, we continue to invest heavily in hardware, including our smartphones and home devices, which is a highly
competitive market with frequent introduction of new products and services, rapid adoption of technological advancements by competitors,
short product life cycles, evolving industry standards, continual improvement in product price and performance characteristics, and price
and feature sensitivity on the part of consumers and businesses. There can be no assurance we will be able to provide hardware that
competes effectively.
We are also devoting significant resources to develop and deploy our enterprise-ready cloud services, including Google Cloud
Platform and G Suite. We are incurring costs to build and maintain infrastructure to support cloud computing services and hire talent,
particularly to support and scale the Cloud salesforce. At the same time, our competitors are rapidly developing and deploying cloud-based
services. Pricing and delivery models are competitive and evolving, and we may not attain sufficient scale and profitability to achieve our
business objectives.
Within Other Bets, we are investing significantly in the areas of health, life sciences, and transportation, among others. These
investment areas face intense competition from large experienced and well-funded competitors and our offerings may not be able to
compete effectively or to operate at sufficient levels of profitability.
In addition, new and evolving products and services, including those that use artificial intelligence and machine learning, raise
ethical, technological, legal, regulatory, and other challenges, which may negatively affect our brands and demand for our products and
services. Because all of these new ventures are inherently risky, no assurance can be given that such strategies and offerings will be
successful and will not harm our reputation, financial condition, and operating results.
Our revenue growth rate could decline over time, and we anticipate downward pressure on our operating margin in the
future.
Our revenue growth rate could decline over time as a result of a number of factors, including increasing competition and the continued
expansion of our business into a variety of new fields. Changes in device mix, geographic mix, ongoing product and policy changes, product
mix, and property mix and an increasing competition for advertising may also affect our advertising revenue growth rate. We may also
experience a decline in our revenue growth rate as our revenues increase to higher levels, if there is a decrease in the rate of adoption of
our products, services, and technologies, or due to deceleration or decline in demand for devices used to access our services, among other
factors.
In addition to a decline in our revenue growth rate, we may also experience downward pressure on our operating margin resulting from
a variety of factors, such as the continued expansion of our business into new fields, including products and services such as hardware,
Google Cloud, Google Play, gaming, and subscription products, as well as significant investments in Other Bets, all of which may have
margins lower than those we generate from advertising. We may also experience downward pressure on our operating margins from
increasing competition and increased costs for many aspects of our business, including within advertising where changes such as device
mix, property mix, and partner agreements can affect margin. The margin we earn on revenues generated from our Google Network
Members could also decrease in the future if we pay a larger percentage of advertising fees to them. We may also pay increased TAC to
our distribution partners as well as increased content acquisition costs to content providers. We may also face an increase in infrastructure
costs, supporting businesses such as Search, Google Cloud, and YouTube. Additionally, our spend to promote new products and services
or distribute certain products and services or increased investment in our innovation efforts across Google and our Other Bets businesses
may affect our operating margins.
Due to these factors and the evolving nature of our business, our historical revenue growth rate and historical operating margin may
not be indicative of our future performance.
10Table of Contents Alphabet Inc.
Our intellectual property rights are valuable, and any inability to protect them could reduce the value of our products,
services and brand as well as affect our ability to compete.
Our patents, trademarks, trade secrets, copyrights, and other intellectual property rights are important assets for us. Various events
outside of our control pose a threat to our intellectual property rights, as well as to our products, services, and technologies. For example,
effective intellectual property protection may not be available in every country in which our products and services are distributed or made
available through the Internet. Also, the efforts we have taken to protect our proprietary rights may not be sufficient or effective. Although we
seek to obtain patent protection for our innovations, it is possible we may not be able to protect some of these innovations. Moreover, we
may not have adequate patent or copyright protection for certain innovations that later turn out to be important. Furthermore, there is always
the possibility, despite our efforts, that the scope of the protection gained will be insufficient or that an issued patent may be deemed invalid
or unenforceable.
We also seek to maintain certain intellectual property as trade secrets. The secrecy of such trade secrets and other sensitive
information could be compromised, which could cause us to lose the competitive advantage resulting from these trade secrets. We also
face risks associated with our trademarks. For example, there is a risk that the word “Google” could become so commonly used that it
becomes synonymous with the word “search.” Some courts have ruled that "Google" is a protectable trademark, but it is possible that other
courts, particularly those outside of the United States, may reach a different determination. If this happens, we could lose protection for this
trademark, which could result in other people using the word “Google” to refer to their own products, thus diminishing our brand.
Any significant impairment of our intellectual property rights could harm our business and our ability to compete. Also, protecting our
intellectual property rights is costly and time consuming. Any increase in the unauthorized use of our intellectual property could make it
more expensive to do business and harm our operating results.
Our business depends on strong brands, and failing to maintain and enhance our brands would hurt our ability to expand
our base of users, advertisers, customers, content providers, and other partners.
Our strong brands have significantly contributed to the success of our business. Maintaining and enhancing the brands within Google
and Other Bets increases our ability to enter new categories and launch new and innovative products that better serve the needs of our
users, advertisers, customers, content providers, and other partners. Our brands may be negatively affected by a number of factors,
including, among others, reputational issues, third-party content shared on our platforms, data privacy and security issues and
developments, and product or technical performance failures. For example, if we fail to appropriately respond to the sharing of
misinformation or objectionable content on our services or objectionable practices by advertisers, or to otherwise adequately address user
concerns, our users may lose confidence in our brands. Our brands may also be negatively affected by the use of our products or services
to disseminate information that is deemed to be false or misleading.
Furthermore, failure to maintain and enhance equity in our brands may harm our business, financial condition, and operating results.
Our success will depend largely on our ability to remain a technology leader and continue to provide high-quality, innovative products and
services that are truly useful and play a valuable role in a range of settings.
We face a number of manufacturing and supply chain risks that, if not properly managed, could harm our financial condition,
operating results, and prospects.
We face a number of risks related to manufacturing and supply chain management, which could affect our ability to supply both our
products and our internet-based services.
We rely on other companies to manufacture many of our assemblies and finished products, to design certain of our components and
parts, and to participate in the distribution of our products and services. Our business could be negatively affected if we are not able to
engage these companies with the necessary capabilities or capacity on reasonable terms, or if those we engage fail to meet their
obligations (whether due to financial difficulties or other reasons), or make adverse changes in the pricing or other material terms of our
arrangements with them.
We may experience supply shortages and price increases driven by raw material availability, manufacturing capacity, labor shortages,
industry allocations, tariffs, trade disputes and barriers, natural disasters, the effects of climate change (such as sea level rise, drought,
flooding, wildfires, and increased storm severity), and significant changes in the financial or business condition of our suppliers. We may
experience shortages or other supply chain disruptions that could negatively affect our operations. In addition, some of the components we
use in our technical infrastructure and products are available only from a single source or limited sources, and we may not be able to find
replacement vendors on favorable terms in the event of a supply chain disruption. In addition, a significant hardware supply interruption
could delay critical data center upgrades or expansions.
11Table of Contents Alphabet Inc.
We may enter into long term contracts for materials and products that commit us to significant terms and conditions. We may be liable
for materials and products that are not consumed due to market acceptance, technological change, obsolescences, quality, product recalls,
and warranty issues. For instance, because many of our hardware supply contracts have volume-based pricing or minimum purchase
requirements, if the volume of our hardware sales decreases or does not reach projected targets, we could face increased materials and
manufacturing costs or other financial liabilities that could make our products more costly per unit to manufacture and negatively affect our
financial results. Furthermore, certain of our competitors may negotiate more favorable contractual terms based on volume and other
commitments that may provide them with competitive advantages and may affect our supply.
Our products and services may have quality issues resulting from design, manufacturing, or operations. Sometimes, these issues may
be caused by components we purchase from other manufacturers or suppliers. If the quality of our products and services does not meet
expectations or our products or services are defective, it could harm our reputation, financial condition, and operating results.
We require our suppliers and business partners to comply with laws and, where applicable, our company policies, such as the Google
Supplier Code of Conduct, regarding workplace and employment practices, data security, environmental compliance and intellectual
property licensing, but we do not control them or their practices. Violations of law or unethical business practices could result in supply
chain disruptions, canceled orders, harm to key relationships, and damage to our reputation. Their failure to procure necessary license
rights to intellectual property, could affect our ability to sell our products or services and expose us to litigation or financial claims.
Interruption, interference with, or failure of our information technology and communications systems could hurt our ability to
effectively provide our products and services, which could harm our reputation, financial condition, and operating results. In
addition, complications with the design or implementation of our new global enterprise resource planning (ERP) system could
harm our business and operations.
The availability of our products and services and fulfillment of our customer contracts depend on the continuing operation of our
information technology and communications systems. Our systems are vulnerable to damage, interference, or interruption from terrorist
attacks, natural disasters, the effects of climate change (such as sea level rise, drought, flooding, wildfires, and increased storm severity),
power loss, telecommunications failures, computer viruses, ransomware attacks, computer denial of service attacks, phishing schemes, or
other attempts to harm or access our systems. Some of our data centers are located in areas with a high risk of major earthquakes or other
natural disasters. Our data centers are also subject to break-ins, sabotage, and intentional acts of vandalism, and, in some cases, to
potential disruptions resulting from problems experienced by facility operators. Some of our systems are not fully redundant, and disaster
recovery planning cannot account for all eventualities.
The occurrence of a natural disaster, closure of a facility, or other unanticipated problems at our data centers could result in lengthy
interruptions in our service. In addition, our products and services are highly technical and complex and may contain errors or
vulnerabilities, which could result in interruptions in or failure of our services or systems.
In addition, we rely extensively on information systems and technology to manage our business and summarize operating results. We
are in the process of a multi-year implementation of a new ERP system, which will replace much of our existing core financial systems. The
ERP system is designed to accurately maintain our financial records, enhance the flow of financial information, improve data management,
and provide timely information to our management team. We may not be able to successfully implement the ERP system without
experiencing delays, increased costs, and other difficulties. Failure to successfully design and implement the new ERP system as planned
could harm our business, financial condition, and operating results. Additionally, if we do not effectively implement the ERP system as
planned or the ERP system does not operate as intended, the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting could be
negatively affected.
Our international operations expose us to additional risks that could harm our business, our financial condition, and
operating results.
Our international operations are significant to our revenues and net income, and we plan to continue to grow internationally.
International revenues accounted for approximately 54% of our consolidated revenues in 2019. In addition to risks described elsewhere in
this section, our international operations expose us to other risks, including the following:
•Restrictions on foreign ownership and investments, and stringent foreign exchange controls that might prevent us from repatriating
cash earned in countries outside the U.S.
12Table of Contents Alphabet Inc.
•Import and export requirements, tariffs, trade disputes and barriers, and customs classifications that may prevent us from offering
products or providing services to a particular market, or that could limit our ability to source assemblies and finished products from a
particular market, and may increase our operating costs.
•Longer payment cycles in some countries, increased credit risk, and higher levels of payment fraud.
•Evolving foreign events, including Brexit, the United Kingdom's withdrawal from the European Union (EU). Brexit may adversely
affect our revenues and could subject us to new regulatory costs and challenges (including the transfer of personal data between
the EU and the United Kingdom), in addition to other adverse effects that we are unable to effectively anticipate.
•Anti-corruption laws, such as the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, and other local laws prohibiting certain payments to
government officials, violations of which could result in civil and criminal penalties.
•Uncertainty regarding liability for services and content, including uncertainty as a result of local laws and lack of legal precedent.
•Different employee/employer relationships, existence of works councils and labor unions, and other challenges caused by distance,
language, and cultural differences, making it harder to do business in certain jurisdictions.
Because we conduct business in currencies other than U.S. dollars but report our financial results in U.S. dollars, we face exposure to
fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. Although we hedge a portion of our international currency exposure, significant fluctuations
in exchange rates between the U.S. dollar and foreign currencies may adversely affect our revenues and earnings. Hedging programs are
also inherently risky and could expose us to additional risks that could harm our financial condition and operating results.
Risks Related to our Industry
People access the Internet through a variety of platforms and devices that continue to evolve with the advancement of
technology and user preferences. If manufacturers and users do not widely adopt versions of our products and services
developed for these new interfaces, our business could be harmed.
People access the Internet through a growing variety of devices such as desktop computers, mobile phones, smartphones, laptops
and tablets, video game consoles, voice-activated speakers, wearables, automobiles, and television-streaming devices. Our products and
services may be less popular on these new interfaces. Each manufacturer or distributor may establish unique technical standards for its
devices, and our products and services may not be available on these devices as a result. Some manufacturers may also elect not to
include our products on their devices. In addition, search queries are increasingly being undertaken via voice-activated speakers, apps,
social media or other platforms, which could harm our business. It is hard to predict the challenges we may encounter in adapting our
products and services and developing competitive new products and services. We expect to continue to devote significant resources to
creating and supporting products and services across multiple platforms and devices. Failing to attract and retain a substantial number of
new device manufacturers, suppliers, distributors, developers, and users, or failing to develop products and technologies that work well on
new devices and platforms, could harm our business, financial condition, and operating results and ability to capture future business
opportunities.
Data privacy and security concerns relating to our technology and our practices could damage our reputation, cause us to
incur significant liability, and deter current and potential users or customers from using our products and services. Software
bugs or defects, security breaches, and attacks on our systems could result in the improper disclosure and use of user data and
interference with our users and customers’ ability to use our products and services, harming our business operations and
reputation.
Concerns about our practices with regard to the collection, use, disclosure, or security of personal information or other data-privacy-
related matters, even if unfounded, could harm our reputation, financial condition, and operating results. Our policies and practices may
change over time as expectations regarding privacy and data change.
Our products and services involve the storage and transmission of proprietary information, and bugs, theft, misuse, defects,
vulnerabilities in our products and services, and security breaches expose us to a risk of loss of this information, improper use and
disclosure of such information, litigation, and other potential liability. Systems and control failures, security breaches, failure to comply with
our privacy policies, and/or inadvertent disclosure of user data could result in government and legal exposure, seriously harm our reputation
and brand and, therefore, our business, and impair our ability to attract and retain users or customers. We expect to continue to expend
significant resources to maintain security protections that shield against bugs, theft, misuse, or security vulnerabilities or breaches.
We experience cyber attacks and other attempts to gain unauthorized access to our systems on a regular basis. We may experience
future security issues, whether due to employee error or malfeasance or system errors or
13Table of Contents Alphabet Inc.
vulnerabilities in our or other parties’ systems, which could result in significant legal and financial exposure. Government inquiries and
enforcement actions, litigation, and adverse press coverage could harm our business. We may be unable to anticipate or detect attacks or
vulnerabilities or implement adequate preventative measures. Attacks and security issues could also compromise trade secrets and other
sensitive information, harming our business.
While we have dedicated significant resources to privacy and security incident response capabilities, including dedicated worldwide
incident response teams, our response process may not be adequate, may fail to accurately assess the severity of an incident, may not
respond quickly enough, or may fail to sufficiently remediate an incident. As a result, we may suffer significant legal, reputational, or
financial exposure, which could harm our business, financial condition, and operating results.
Our ongoing investments in safety, security, and content review will likely continue to identify abuse of our platforms and
misuse of user data.
In addition to our efforts to mitigate cyber attacks, we are making significant investments in safety, security, and content review efforts
to combat misuse of our services and unauthorized access to user data by third parties, including investigations and review of platform
applications that could access the information of users of our services. As a result of these efforts, we could discover incidents of
unnecessary access to or misuse of user data or other undesirable activity by third parties. We may not discover all such incidents or
activity, whether as a result of our data limitations, including our lack of visibility over our encrypted services, the scale of activity on our
platform, or other factors, and we may be notified of such incidents or activity via third parties. Such incidents and activities may include the
use of user data or our systems in a manner inconsistent with our terms, contracts or policies, the existence of false or undesirable user
accounts, election interference, improper ad purchases, activities that threaten people’s safety on- or offline, or instances of spamming,
scraping, or spreading disinformation. We may also be unsuccessful in our efforts to enforce our policies or otherwise remediate any such
incidents. Any of the foregoing developments may negatively affect user trust and engagement, harm our reputation and brands, require us
to change our business practices in a manner adverse to our business, and adversely affect our business and financial results. Any such
developments may also subject us to additional litigation and regulatory inquiries, which could result in monetary penalties and damages,
divert management’s time and attention, and lead to enhanced regulatory oversight.
Problematic content, including low-quality user-generated content, web spam, content farms, and other violations of our
guidelines could affect the quality of our services, which could damage our reputation and deter our current and potential users
from using our products and services.
We, like others in the industry, face violations of our content guidelines, including sophisticated attempts by bad actors to manipulate
our hosting and advertising systems to fraudulently generate revenues, or to otherwise generate traffic that does not represent genuine user
interest or intent. While we invest significantly in efforts to promote high-quality and relevant results and to detect and prevent low-quality
content and invalid traffic, we may be unable to adequately detect and prevent such abuses.
Many websites violate or attempt to violate our guidelines, including by seeking to inappropriately rank higher in search results than
our search engine's assessment of their relevance and utility would rank them. Such efforts (known as “web spam”) may affect the quality of
content on our platforms and lead them to display false, misleading or undesirable content.
Although English-language web spam in our search results has been reduced, and web spam in most other languages is limited, we
expect web spammers will continue to seek inappropriate ways to improve their rankings. We continuously combat web spam in our search
results, including through indexing technology that makes it harder for spam-like, less useful web content to rank highly. We also continue to
invest in and deploy proprietary technology to detect and prevent web spam from abusing our platforms.
We also face other challenges from low-quality and irrelevant content websites, including content farms, which are websites that
generate large quantities of low-quality content to help them improve their search rankings. We are continually launching algorithmic
changes focused on low-quality websites.
If we fail to detect and prevent an increase in problematic content, it could hurt our reputation for delivering relevant information or
reduce use of our platforms, harming our financial condition or operating results. It may also subject us to litigation and regulatory inquiries,
which could result in monetary penalties and damages, divert management’s time and attention, and lead to enhanced regulatory oversight.
14Table of Contents Alphabet Inc.
Our business depends on continued and unimpeded access to the Internet by us and our users. Internet access providers
may be able to restrict, block, degrade, or charge for access to certain of our products and services, which could lead to
additional expenses and the loss of users and advertisers.
Our products and services depend on the ability of our users to access the Internet, and certain of our products require significant
bandwidth to work effectively. Currently, this access is provided by companies that have significant market power in the broadband and
internet access marketplace, including incumbent telephone companies, cable companies, mobile communications companies, and
government-owned service providers. Some of these providers have taken, or have stated that they may take measures that could degrade,
disrupt, or increase the cost of user access to certain of our products by restricting or prohibiting the use of their infrastructure to support or
facilitate our offerings, or by charging increased fees to us or our users to provide our offerings. Some jurisdictions have adopted
regulations prohibiting certain forms of discrimination by internet access providers; however, substantial uncertainty exists in the United
States and elsewhere regarding such protections. For example, in 2018 the United States Federal Communications Commission repealed
net neutrality rules, which could lead internet access providers to restrict, block, degrade, or charge for access to certain of our products
and services. In addition, in some jurisdictions, our products and services have been subject to government-initiated restrictions or
blockages. Such interference could result in a loss of existing users, customers and advertisers, goodwill, and increased costs, and could
impair our ability to attract new users, customers and advertisers, thereby harming our business.
Risks Related to Laws and Regulations
We are subject to increasing regulatory scrutiny as well as changes in public policies governing a wide range of topics that
may negatively affect our business.
We and other companies in the technology industry are experiencing increased regulatory scrutiny. For instance, various regulatory
agencies, including competition, consumer protection, and privacy authorities, are reviewing aspects of our products and services. We
continue to cooperate with these investigations. Prior, existing, and new investigations have in the past and may in the future result in
substantial fines and penalties, changes to our products and services, alterations to our business operations, and civil litigation, all of which
could harm our business, reputation, financial condition, and operating results.
Changes in international and local social, political, economic, tax, and regulatory conditions or in laws and policies governing a wide
range of topics may increase our cost of doing business, limit our ability to pursue certain business models or offer certain products or
services, and cause us to change our business practices. Further, our investment in a variety of new fields, including the health industry and
payment services, also raises a number of new regulatory issues. These factors could harm our business and operating results in material
ways.
A variety of new and existing laws and/or interpretations could harm our business.
We are subject to numerous U.S. and foreign laws and regulations covering a wide variety of subject matters. New laws and
regulations (or new interpretations or applications of existing laws and regulations in a manner inconsistent with our practices) may make
our products and services less useful, limit our ability to pursue certain business models or offer certain products and services, require us to
incur substantial costs, expose us to unanticipated civil or criminal liability, or cause us to change our business practices. These laws and
regulations are evolving and involve matters central to our business, including, among others:
•Competition laws and regulations around the world.
•Privacy laws, such as the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 that came into effect in January of 2020, which gives new data
privacy rights to California residents, and SB-327 in California, which regulates the security of data in connection with internet
connected devices.
•Data protection laws passed by many states within the U.S. and by certain countries regarding notification to data subjects and/or
regulators when there is a security breach of personal data.
•Copyright laws, such as the EU Directive on Copyright in the Digital Single Market (EUCD) of April 17, 2019, which increases the
liability of content-sharing services with respect to content uploaded by their users. It has also created a new property right in news
publications that will limit the ability of some online services to interact with or present such content. Each EU Member State must
implement the EUCD by June 7, 2021. In addition, there are new constraining licensing regimes that limit our ability to operate with
respect to copyright protected works.
•Data localization laws, which generally mandate that certain types of data collected in a particular country be stored and/or
processed within that country.
15Table of Contents Alphabet Inc.
•Various U.S. and international laws that govern the distribution of certain materials to children and regulate the ability of online
services to collect information from minors.
•Various laws with regard to content removal and disclosure obligations, such as the Network Enforcement Act in Germany, which
may affect our businesses and operations and may subject us to significant fines if such laws are interpreted and applied in a
manner inconsistent with our practices or when we may not proactively discover such content due to the scale of third-party content
and the limitations of existing technologies. Other countries, including Singapore, Australia, and the United Kingdom, have
implemented or are considering similar legislation imposing penalties for failure to remove certain types of content.
In addition, the applicability and scope of these laws, as interpreted by the courts, remain uncertain and could harm our business. For
example:
•We rely on statutory safe harbors, as set forth in the Digital Millennium Copyright Act in the United States and the E-Commerce
Directive in Europe, against copyright liability for various linking, caching, and hosting activities. Any legislation or court rulings
affecting these safe harbors may adversely affect us.
•Court decisions such as the judgment of the Court of Justice of the European Union (CJEU) on May 13, 2014 on the ‘right to be
forgotten,’ which allows individuals to demand that Google remove search results about them in certain instances, may limit the
content we can show to our users and impose significant operational burdens.
•Court decisions that require Google to remove links not just in the jurisdiction of the issuing court, but for all versions of the search
engine worldwide, including in locations where the content at issue is lawful, may limit the content we can show to our users and
impose significant operational burdens. The Supreme Court of Canada issued such a decision against Google in June 2017, and
others could treat its decision as persuasive. With respect to the ‘right to be forgotten,’ a follow-up case of the CJEU on September
24, 2019 ruled that a search engine operator is not required to remove links from all versions of the search engine worldwide, but
the court also noted in some cases, removal of links from all versions of the search engine available from the EU (including non-EU
specific versions) may be required.
The introduction of new businesses, products, services, and technologies, our activities in certain jurisdictions, or other actions we take
may subject us to additional laws and regulations. The costs of compliance with these laws and regulations are high and are likely to
increase in the future. Any failure on our part to comply with laws and regulations can result in negative publicity and diversion of
management time and effort and may subject us to significant liabilities and other penalties.
We are subject to claims, suits, government investigations, and other proceedings that may harm our business, financial
condition, and operating results.
We are subject to claims, suits, and government investigations involving competition, intellectual property, data privacy and security,
consumer protection, tax, labor and employment, commercial disputes, content generated by our users, goods and services offered by
advertisers or publishers using our platforms, and other matters. Due to our manufacturing and sale of an expanded suite of products,
including hardware as well as Google Cloud offerings, we may also be subject to a variety of claims including product warranty, product
liability, and consumer protection claims related to product defects, among other litigation. We may also be subject to claims involving
health and safety, hazardous materials usage, other environmental impacts, or service disruptions or failures.
Any of these types of legal proceedings can have an adverse effect on us because of legal costs, diversion of management resources,
negative publicity and other factors. Determining reserves for our pending litigation is a complex, fact-intensive process that requires
significant judgment. The resolution of one or more such proceedings has resulted in, and may in the future result in, additional substantial
fines, penalties, injunctions, and other sanctions that could harm our business, financial condition, and operating results.
We may be subject to legal liability associated with providing online services or content.
Our products and services let users exchange information, advertise products and services, conduct business, and engage in various
online activities. We also place advertisements displayed on other companies’ websites, and we offer third-party products, services, and/or
content. The law relating to the liability of online service providers for others’ activities on their services is still somewhat unsettled both
within the U.S. and internationally. Claims have been brought against us for defamation, negligence, breaches of contract, copyright and
trademark infringement, unfair competition, unlawful activity, torts, fraud, or other legal theories based on the nature and content of
information available on or via our services.
16Table of Contents Alphabet Inc.
We may be subject to claims by virtue of our involvement in hosting, transmitting, marketing, branding, or providing access to content
created by third parties. Defense of any such actions could be costly and involve significant time and attention of our management and
other resources, may result in monetary liabilities or penalties, and may require us to change our business in an adverse manner.
Privacy and data protection regulations are complex and rapidly evolving areas. Adverse interpretations of these laws could
harm our business, reputation, financial condition, and operating results.
Authorities around the world have adopted and are considering a number of legislative and regulatory proposals concerning data
protection and limits on encryption of user data. Adverse legal rulings, legislation, or regulation could result in fines and orders requiring that
we change our data practices, which could have an adverse effect on our ability to provide services, harming our business operations.
Complying with these evolving laws could result in substantial costs and harm the quality of our products and services, negatively affecting
our business.
Recent legal developments in Europe have created compliance uncertainty regarding transfers of personal data from Europe to the
United States. For example, the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) applies to all of our activities conducted from an establishment
in the EU or related to products and services that we offer to EU users or customers, or the monitoring of their behavior in the EU. The
GDPR creates a range of new compliance obligations.
Ensuring compliance with the GDPR is an ongoing commitment that involves substantial costs, and despite our efforts, governmental
authorities or others have asserted and may continue to assert that our business practices fail to comply with its requirements. If our
operations are found to violate GDPR requirements, we may incur substantial fines, have to change our business practices, and face
reputational harm, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business. In particular, serious breaches of the GDPR can
result in administrative fines of up to 4% of annual worldwide revenues. Fines of up to 2% of annual worldwide revenues can be levied for
other specified violations.
The EU-U.S. and the Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield frameworks allow U.S. companies that self-certify to the U.S. Department of
Commerce and publicly commit to comply with specified requirements to import personal data from the EU and Switzerland. However,
these frameworks face a number of legal challenges and their validity remains subject to legal, regulatory, and political developments in
both Europe and the U.S. The potential invalidation of data transfer mechanisms could have a significant adverse impact on our ability to
process and transfer personal data outside of the EEA.
These developments create some uncertainty, and compliance obligations could cause us to incur costs or harm the operations of our
products and services in ways that harm our business.
We face, and may continue to face intellectual property and other claims that could be costly to defend, result in significant
damage awards or other costs (including indemnification awards), and limit our ability to use certain technologies in the future.
We, like other internet, technology and media companies, hold large numbers of patents, copyrights, trademarks, and trade secrets
and are frequently subject to litigation based on allegations of infringement or other violations of intellectual property rights. In addition,
patent-holding companies may frequently seek to generate income from patents they have obtained by bringing claims against us. As we
have grown, the number of intellectual property claims against us has increased and may continue to increase as we develop new products,
services, and technologies.
We have had patent, copyright, trade secret, and trademark infringement lawsuits filed against us claiming that certain of our products,
services, and technologies infringe the intellectual property rights of others. Other parties have also sought broad injunctive relief against us
by filing claims in U.S. and international courts and the U.S. International Trade Commission (ITC) for exclusion and cease-and-desist
orders, which could limit our ability to sell our products or services in the U.S. or elsewhere if our products or services or those of our
customers or suppliers are found to infringe the intellectual property subject to the claims. Adverse results in any of these lawsuits may
include awards of monetary damages, costly royalty or licensing agreements (if licenses are available at all), or orders preventing us from
offering certain features, functionalities, products, or services. They may also cause us to change our business practices and require
development of non-infringing products, services, or technologies, which could result in a loss of revenues for us and otherwise harm our
business.
Many of our agreements with our customers and partners, including certain suppliers, require us to defend against certain intellectual
property infringement claims and in some cases indemnify them for certain intellectual property infringement claims against them, which
could result in increased costs for defending such claims or significant damages if there were an adverse ruling in any such claims. Such
customers and partners may also discontinue the use of our products, services, and technologies, as a result of injunctions or otherwise,
which could result in loss of revenues and adversely affect our business. Moreover, intellectual property indemnities provided to us by our
suppliers, when obtainable, may not cover all damages and losses suffered by us and our customers arising from intellectual property
17Table of Contents Alphabet Inc.
infringement claims. Furthermore, in connection with our divestitures, we have agreed, and may in the future agree, to provide
indemnification for certain potential liabilities, including those associated with intellectual property claims.
Regardless of their merits, intellectual property claims are often time consuming and expensive to litigate or settle. To the extent such
claims are successful, they may harm our business, including our product and service offerings, financial condition, or operating results.
Risks Related to Ownership of our Stock
We cannot guarantee that any share repurchase program will be fully consummated or that any share repurchase program
will enhance long-term stockholder value, and share repurchases could increase the volatility of the price of our stock and could
diminish our cash reserves.
In January 2018, January 2019, and July 2019, the board of directors of Alphabet authorized the company to repurchase up to $8.6
billion, $12.5 billion, and $25.0 billion of its Class C capital stock, respectively. Share repurchases pursuant to the January 2018 and
January 2019 authorizations were completed in 2019. As of December 31, 2019, $20.8 billion remains available for repurchase. Our
repurchase program does not have an expiration date and does not obligate Alphabet to repurchase any specific dollar amount or to
acquire any specific number of shares. Our share repurchase program could affect the price of our stock and increase volatility and may be
suspended or terminated at any time, which may result in a decrease in the trading price of our stock.
The concentration of our stock ownership limits our stockholders’ ability to influence corporate matters.
Our Class B common stock has 10 votes per share, our Class A common stock has one vote per share, and our Class C capital stock
has no voting rights. As of December 31, 2019, Larry Page and Sergey Brin beneficially owned approximately 84.3% of our outstanding
Class B common stock, which represented approximately 51.2% of the voting power of our outstanding common stock. Through their stock
ownership, Larry and Sergey have significant influence over all matters requiring stockholder approval, including the election of directors
and significant corporate transactions, such as a merger or other sale of our company or our assets, for the foreseeable future. In addition,
because our Class C capital stock carries no voting rights (except as required by applicable law), the issuance of the Class C capital stock,
including in future stock-based acquisition transactions and to fund employee equity incentive programs, could continue Larry and Sergey’s
current relative voting power and their ability to elect all of our directors and to determine the outcome of most matters submitted to a vote
of our stockholders. This concentrated control limits or severely restricts other stockholders’ ability to influence corporate matters and we
may take actions that some of our stockholders do not view as beneficial, which could reduce the market price of our Class A common
stock and our Class C capital stock.
Provisions in our charter documents and under Delaware law could discourage a takeover that stockholders may consider
favorable.
Provisions in Alphabet’s certificate of incorporation and bylaws may have the effect of delaying or preventing a change of control or
changes in our management. These provisions include the following:
•Our certificate of incorporation provides for a tri-class capital stock structure. As a result of this structure, Larry and Sergey have
significant influence over all matters requiring stockholder approval, including the election of directors and significant corporate
transactions, such as a merger or other sale of our company or our assets. This concentrated control could discourage others from
initiating any potential merger, takeover, or other change of control transaction that other stockholders may view as beneficial. As
noted above, the issuance of the Class C capital stock could have the effect of continuing the influence of Larry and Sergey.
•Our board of directors has the right to elect directors to fill a vacancy created by the expansion of the board of directors or the
resignation, death, or removal of a director, which prevents stockholders from being able to fill vacancies on our board of directors.
•Our stockholders may not act by written consent. As a result, a holder, or holders, controlling a majority of our capital stock would
not be able to take certain actions without holding a stockholders' meeting.
•Our certificate of incorporation prohibits cumulative voting in the election of directors. This limits the ability of minority stockholders
to elect director candidates.
•Stockholders must provide advance notice to nominate individuals for election to the board of directors or to propose matters that
can be acted upon at a stockholders’ meeting. These provisions may discourage or deter a potential acquirer from conducting a
solicitation of proxies to elect the acquirer's own slate of directors or otherwise attempting to obtain control of our company.
18Table of Contents Alphabet Inc.
•Our board of directors may issue, without stockholder approval, shares of undesignated preferred stock. The ability to issue
undesignated preferred stock makes it possible for our board of directors to issue preferred stock with voting or other rights or
preferences that could impede the success of any attempt to acquire us.
As a Delaware corporation, we are also subject to certain Delaware anti-takeover provisions. Under Delaware law, a corporation may
not engage in a business combination with any holder of 15% or more of its outstanding voting stock unless the holder has held the stock
for three years or, among other things, the board of directors has approved the transaction. Our board of directors could rely on Delaware
law to prevent or delay an acquisition of us.
General Risks
Our operating results may fluctuate, which makes our results difficult to predict and could cause our results to fall short of
expectations.
Our operating results may fluctuate as a result of a number of factors, many outside of our control. As a result, comparing our
operating results on a period-to-period basis may not be meaningful, and you should not rely on our past results as an indication of our
future performance. Our quarterly, year-to-date, and annual expenses as a percentage of our revenues may differ significantly from our
historical rates. Our operating results in future quarters may fall below expectations. Any of these events could cause our stock price to fall.
Each of the risk factors listed in this section in addition to the following factors may affect our operating results:
•Our ability to continue to attract and retain users and customers to our products and services.
•Our ability to attract user and/or customer adoption of, and generate significant revenues from, new products, services, and
technologies in which we have invested considerable time and resources.
•Our ability to monetize traffic on Google properties and our Google Network Members' properties across various devices.
•Revenue fluctuations caused by changes in device mix, geographic mix, ongoing product and policy changes, product mix, and
property mix.
•The amount of revenues and expenses generated and incurred in currencies other than U.S. dollars, and our ability to manage the
resulting risk through our foreign exchange risk management program.
•The amount and timing of operating costs and expenses and capital expenditures related to the maintenance and expansion of our
businesses, operations, and infrastructure.
•Our focus on long-term goals over short-term results.
•The results of our acquisitions, divestitures, and our investments in risky projects, including new businesses, products, services,
and technologies.
•Our ability to keep our products and services operational at a reasonable cost and without service interruptions.
•The seasonal fluctuations in internet usage, advertising spending, and underlying business trends such as traditional retail
seasonality. Our rapid growth has tended to mask the cyclicality and seasonality of our business. As our growth rate has slowed,
the cyclicality and seasonality in our business has become more pronounced and caused our operating results to fluctuate.
•Geopolitical events, including trade disputes.
•Changes in global business or macroeconomic conditions.
Because our businesses are changing and evolving, our historical operating results may not be useful to you in predicting our future
operating results.
Acquisitions, joint ventures, investments, and divestitures could result in operating difficulties, dilution, and other
consequences that may harm our business, financial condition, and operating results.
Acquisitions, joint ventures, investments and divestitures are important elements of our overall corporate strategy and use of capital,
and these transactions could be material to our financial condition and operating results. We expect to continue to evaluate and enter into
discussions regarding a wide array of potential strategic transactions, which could create unforeseen operating difficulties and expenditures.
Some of the areas where we face risks include:
•Diversion of management time and focus from operating our business to challenges related to acquisitions and other strategic
transactions.
•Failure to successfully integrate and further develop the acquired business or technology.
19Table of Contents Alphabet Inc.
•Implementation or remediation of controls, procedures, and policies at the acquired company.
•Integration of the acquired company’s accounting, human resource, and other administrative systems, and coordination of product,
engineering, and sales and marketing functions.
•Transition of operations, users, and customers onto our existing platforms.
•Failure to obtain required approvals on a timely basis, if at all, from governmental authorities, or conditions placed upon approval
that could, among other things, delay or prevent us from completing a transaction, or otherwise restrict our ability to realize the
expected financial or strategic goals of a transaction.
•In the case of foreign acquisitions, the need to integrate operations across different cultures and languages and to address the
particular economic, currency, political, and regulatory risks associated with specific countries.
•Cultural challenges associated with integrating employees from the acquired company into our organization, and retention of
employees from the businesses we acquire.
•Liability for activities of the acquired company before the acquisition, including patent and trademark infringement claims, data
privacy and security issues, violations of laws, commercial disputes, tax liabilities, and other known and unknown liabilities.
•Litigation or other claims in connection with the acquired company, including claims from terminated employees, customers, former
stockholders, or other third parties.
Our failure to address these risks or other problems encountered in connection with our past or future acquisitions and other strategic
transactions could cause us to fail to realize their anticipated benefits, incur unanticipated liabilities, and harm our business generally.
Our acquisitions and other strategic transactions could also result in dilutive issuances of our equity securities, the incurrence of debt,
contingent liabilities, or amortization expenses, or impairment of goodwill and/or purchased long-lived assets, and restructuring charges,
any of which could harm our financial condition or operating results. Also, the anticipated benefits or value of our acquisitions and other
strategic transactions may not materialize. In connection with our divestitures, we have agreed, and may in the future agree, to provide
indemnification for certain potential liabilities, which may harm our financial condition or operating results.
If we were to lose the services of key personnel, we may not be able to execute our business strategy.
Our future success depends in large part upon the continued service of key members of our senior management team. For instance,
Sundar Pichai is critical to the overall management of Alphabet and its subsidiaries and plays an important role in the development of our
technology. He also plays a key role in maintaining our culture and setting our strategic direction. All of our executive officers and key
employees are at-will employees, and we do not maintain any key-person life insurance policies. The loss of key personnel could seriously
harm our business.
We rely on highly skilled personnel and, if we are unable to retain or motivate key personnel, hire qualified personnel, or
maintain our corporate culture, we may not be able to grow effectively.
Our performance largely depends on the talents and efforts of highly skilled individuals. Our future success depends on our continuing
ability to identify, hire, develop, motivate, and retain highly skilled personnel for all areas of our organization. Competition in our industry for
qualified employees is intense, and certain of our competitors have directly targeted our employees. In addition, our compensation
arrangements, such as our equity award programs, may not always be successful in attracting new employees and retaining and motivating
our existing employees. Our continued ability to compete effectively depends on our ability to attract new employees and to retain and
motivate our existing employees.
In addition, we believe that our corporate culture fosters innovation, creativity, and teamwork. As our organization grows, and we are
required to implement more complex organizational management structures, particularly in light of our holding company structure, adverse
changes to our corporate culture could harm our business operations.
In preparing our financial statements, we incorporate valuation methodologies that are subjective in nature and valuations
may fluctuate over time.
We measure certain of our non-marketable equity and debt investments, certain other instruments including stock-based
compensation awards settled in the stock of certain Other Bets, and certain assets and liabilities acquired in a business combination, at fair
value on a nonrecurring basis. The determination of fair value involves use of appropriate valuation methods and certain unobservable
inputs, require management judgment and estimation, and may change over time.
20Table of Contents Alphabet Inc.
As it relates to our non-marketable investments, the market values can be negatively affected by liquidity, credit deterioration or losses,
performance and financial results of the underlying companies, foreign exchange rates, changes in interest rates, including changes that
may result from the implementation of new benchmark rates that replace LIBOR, the effect of new or changing regulations, the stock market
in general, or other factors.
Since January 2018, we adjust the carrying value of our non-marketable equity investments to fair value for observable transactions of
identical or similar investments of the same issuer or for impairments. All gains and losses on non-marketable equity securities, realized
and unrealized, are recognized in other income (expense), which increases the volatility of our other income (expense).
As a result of these factors, the value or liquidity of our cash equivalents, as well as our marketable and non-marketable securities
could decline and result in a material impairment, which could materially adversely affect our financial condition and operating results.
We could be subject to changes in tax rates, the adoption of new U.S. or international tax legislation, or exposure to
additional tax liabilities.
Our future income taxes could be negatively affected by earnings being lower than anticipated in jurisdictions that have lower statutory
tax rates and higher than anticipated in jurisdictions that have higher statutory tax rates, the net gains and losses recognized by legal
entities on certain hedges and related hedged intercompany and other transactions under our foreign exchange risk management program,
changes in the valuation of our deferred tax assets or liabilities, or changes in tax laws, regulations, or accounting principles (including
changes in the interpretation of existing laws), as well as certain discrete items.
In addition, we are subject to regular review and audit by both domestic and foreign tax authorities. As a result, we have received, and
may in the future receive, assessments in multiple jurisdictions, including in Europe, on various tax-related assertions, such as transfer-
pricing adjustments or permanent-establishment claims. Any adverse outcome of such a review or audit could have a negative effect on our
operating results and financial condition and could require us to change our business practices in a manner adverse to our business. It may
also subject us to additional litigation and regulatory inquiries, resulting in the diversion of management’s time and attention. In addition, the
determination of our worldwide provision for income taxes and other tax liabilities requires significant judgment, and there are many
transactions and calculations for which the ultimate tax determination is uncertain. Although we believe our estimates are reasonable, the
ultimate tax outcome may differ from the amounts recorded in our financial statements and may materially affect our financial results in the
period or periods for which such determination is made.
Furthermore, due to shifting economic and political conditions, tax policies, laws, or rates in various jurisdictions may be subject to
significant changes in ways that impair our financial results. In particular, France, Italy, and other countries have enacted or are considering
digital services taxes, which could lead to inconsistent and potentially overlapping international tax regimes. The Organization for Economic
Cooperation and Development recently released a proposal relating to its initiative for modernizing international tax rules, with the goal of
having different countries enact legislation to implement a modernized and aligned international tax framework, but there can be no
guarantee that this will occur.
The trading price for our Class A common stock and non-voting Class C capital stock may continue to be volatile.
The trading price of our stock has at times experienced substantial price volatility and may continue to be volatile. For example, from
January 1, 2019 through December 31, 2019, the closing price of our Class A common stock ranged from $1,025.47 per share to $1,362.47
per share, and the closing price of our Class C capital stock ranged from $1,016.06 to $1,361.17 per share.
In addition to the factors discussed in this report, the trading price of our Class A common stock and Class C capital stock may
fluctuate widely in response to various factors, many of which are beyond our control, including, among others:
•Quarterly variations in our operating results or those of our competitors.
•Announcements by us or our competitors of acquisitions, divestitures, investments, new products, significant contracts, commercial
relationships, or capital commitments.
•Recommendations by securities analysts or changes in earnings estimates.
•Announcements about our earnings that are not in line with analyst expectations, the risk of which is enhanced because it is our
policy not to give guidance on earnings.
•Announcements by our competitors of their earnings that are not in line with analyst expectations.
21Table of Contents Alphabet Inc.
•Commentary by industry and market professionals about our products, strategies, and other matters affecting our business and
results, regardless of its accuracy.
•The volume of shares of Class A common stock and Class C capital stock available for public sale.
•Sales of Class A common stock and Class C capital stock by us or by our stockholders (including sales by our directors, executive
officers, and other employees).
•Short sales, hedging, and other derivative transactions on shares of our Class A common stock and Class C capital stock.
•The perceived values of Class A common stock and Class C capital stock relative to one another.
•Any share repurchase program.
In addition, the stock market in general, which can be affected by various factors, including overall economic and political conditions,
and the market for technology companies in particular, have experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations that have often been
unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of those companies.
These broad market and industry factors may harm the market price of our Class A common stock and our Class C capital stock,
regardless of our actual operating performance.
ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS
Not applicable.
ITEM 2. PROPERTIES
Our headquarters are located in Mountain View, California. We also own and lease office and building space in the surrounding areas
near our headquarters, which we believe is sufficient to accommodate anticipated future growth. In addition, we own and lease
office/building space and research and development sites around the world, primarily in North America, Europe, South America, and Asia.
We own and operate data centers in the U.S., Europe, South America, and Asia. We believe our existing facilities, both owned and leased,
are in good condition and suitable for the conduct of our business.
ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS
For a description of our material pending legal proceedings, please see Note 10 “Commitments and Contingencies - Legal Matters” of
the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, which is incorporated herein by
reference.
ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES
Not applicable.
22Table of Contents Alphabet Inc.
PART II
ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT’S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES
OF EQUITY SECURITIES
As of October 2, 2015, Alphabet Inc. became the successor issuer of Google Inc. pursuant to Rule 12g-3(a) under the Exchange Act.
Our Class A common stock has been listed on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol “GOOG” since August 19, 2004 and
under the symbol "GOOGL" since April 3, 2014. Prior to August 19, 2004, there was no public market for our stock. Our Class B common
stock is neither listed nor traded. Our Class C capital stock has been listed on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol “GOOG”
since April 3, 2014.
Holders of Record
As of December 31, 2019, there were approximately 2,455 and 2,030 stockholders of record of our Class A common stock and Class
C capital stock, respectively. Because many of our shares of Class A common stock and Class C capital stock are held by brokers and
other institutions on behalf of stockholders, we are unable to estimate the total number of stockholders represented by these record holders.
As of December 31, 2019, there were approximately 66 stockholders of record of our Class B common stock.
Dividend Policy
We have never declared or paid any cash dividend on our common or capital stock. The primary use of capital continues to be to
invest for the long term growth of the business. We regularly evaluate our cash and capital structure, including the size, pace and form of
capital return to stockholders.
Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities
The following table presents information with respect to Alphabet's repurchases of Class C capital stock during the quarter ended
December 31, 2019:
Period  Total Number of Shares
Purchased 
(in thousands) (1)  Average Price Paid per
Share (2)  Total Number of Shares
Purchased as Part of
Publicly Announced
Programs
(in thousands) (1)  Approximate Dollar Value of
Shares that May Yet Be
Purchased Under the
Program 
(in millions)
October 1 - 31  1,970 $ 1,229.02 1,970 $ 24,470
November 1 - 30  1,626 $ 1,304.00 1,626 $ 22,350
December 1 - 31  1,164 $ 1,337.16 1,164 $ 20,793
Total  4,760  4,760  
(1) In January and July 2019, the board of directors of Alphabet authorized the company to repurchase up to an additional $12.5 billion and $25.0
billion of its Class C capital stock, respectively . Share repurchases pursuant to the January 2019 authorization were completed during the fourth
quarter of 2019. The repurchases are being executed from time to time, subject to general business and market conditions and other investment
opportunities, through open market purchases or privately negotiated transactions, including through Rule 10b5-1 plans. The repurchase program
does not have an expiration date. Please refer to Note 1 1 of the Notes  to Consolidated Financial Stateme nts included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual
Report on Form 10-K for additional information related to share repurchases.
(2) Average price paid per share includes costs associated with the repurchases.
23Table of Contents Alphabet Inc.
Stock Performance Graphs
The graph below matches Alphabet Inc. Class A's cumulative 5-Year total shareholder return on common stock with the cumulative
total returns of the S&P 500 index, the NASDAQ Composite index, and the RDG Internet Composite index. The graph tracks the
performance of a $100 investment in our common stock and in each index (with the reinvestment of all dividends) from December 31, 2014
to December 31, 2019. The returns shown are based on historical results and are not intended to suggest future performance.
COMPARISON OF 5 YEAR CUMULATIVE TOTAL RETURN*
ALPHABET INC. CLASS A COMMON STOCK
Among Alphabet Inc., the S&P 500 Index, the
NASDAQ Composite Index, and the RDG Internet Composite Index
*$100 invested on December 31, 2014 in stock or index, including reinvestment of dividends. Fiscal year ending December 31.
Copyright© 2020 S&P, a division of The McGraw-Hill Companies Inc. All rights reserved.
24Table of Contents Alphabet Inc.
The graph below matches Alphabet Inc. Class C's cumulative 5-Year total shareholder return on capital stock with the cumulative total
returns of the S&P 500 index, the NASDAQ Composite index, and the RDG Internet Composite index. The graph tracks the performance of
a $100 investment in our Class C capital stock and in each index (with the reinvestment of all dividends) from December 31, 2014 to
December 31, 2019. The returns shown are based on historical results and are not intended to suggest future performance.
COMPARISON OF CUMULATIVE TOTAL RETURN*
ALPHABET INC. CLASS C CAPITAL STOCK
Among Alphabet Inc., the S&P 500 Index, the
NASDAQ Composite Index, and the RDG Internet Composite Index
*$100 invested on December 31, 2014 in stock or in index, including reinvestment of dividends. Fiscal year ending December 31.
Copyright© 2020 S&P, a division of The McGraw-Hill Companies Inc. All rights reserved.
25Table of Contents Alphabet Inc.
ITEM 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA
The following selected consolidated financial data should be read in conjunction with Item 7 “Management’s Discussion and Analysis
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” and our consolidated financial statements and the related notes appearing in Item 8
“Financial Statements and Supplementary Data” of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The historical results are not necessarily indicative of
the results to be expected in any future period.
 Year Ended December 31,
 2015  2016  2017  2018  2019
 (in millions, except per share amounts)
Consolidated Statements of Income Data:
Revenues $ 74,989 $ 90,272 $ 110,855 $ 136,819 $ 161,857
Income from operations $ 19,360 $ 23,737 $ 26,178 $ 27,524 $ 34,231
Net income $ 16,348 $ 19,478 $ 12,662 $ 30,736 $ 34,343
          
Basic net income per share of Class A and B
common stock $ 23.11 $ 28.32 $ 18.27 $ 44.22 $ 49.59
Basic net income per share of Class C capital
stock $ 24.63 $ 28.32 $ 18.27 $ 44.22 $ 49.59
Diluted net income per share of Class A and B
common stock $ 22.84 $ 27.85 $ 18.00 $ 43.70 $ 49.16
Diluted net income per share of Class C capital
stock $ 24.34 $ 27.85 $ 18.00 $ 43.70 $ 49.16
 As of December 31,
 2015  2016  2017  2018  2019
 (in millions)
Consolidated Balance Sheet Data:
Cash, cash equivalents, and marketable
securities $ 73,066 $ 86,333 $ 101,871 $ 109,140 $ 119,675
Total assets $ 147,461 $ 167,497 $ 197,295 $ 232,792 $ 275,909
Total long-term liabilities $ 7,820 $ 11,705 $ 20,610 $ 20,544 $ 29,246
Total stockholders’ equity $ 120,331 $ 139,036 $ 152,502 $ 177,628 $ 201,442
26Table of Contents Alphabet Inc.
ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
Please read the following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations together with our consolidated
financial statements and related notes included under Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.
We have omitted discussion of 2017 results where it would be redundant to the discussion previously included in Part II, Item 7 of our
2018 Annual Report on Form 10-K, as amended.
Trends in Our Business
The following trends have contributed to the results of our consolidated operations, and we anticipate that they will continue to affect
our future results:
•Users' behaviors and advertising continue to shift online as the digital economy evolves.
The continuing shift from an offline to online world has contributed to the growth of our business since inception, contributing to
revenue growth, and we expect that this online shift will continue to benefit our business.
•Users are increasingly using diverse devices and modalities to access our products and services, and our advertising
revenues are increasingly coming from new formats.
Our users are accessing the Internet via diverse devices and modalities, such as smartphones, wearables and smart home devices,
and want to feel connected no matter where they are or what they are doing. We seek to expand our products and services to stay in front
of these trends in order to maintain and grow our business.
We generate our advertising revenues increasingly from different channels, including mobile, and newer advertising formats, and the
margins from the advertising revenues from these channels and newer products have generally been lower than those from traditional
desktop search. Additionally, as the market for a particular device type or modality matures our revenues may be affected. For example,
growth in the global smartphone market has slowed due to various factors, including increased market saturation in developed countries,
which can affect our mobile advertising revenue growth rates.
We expect TAC paid to our distribution partners to increase as our revenues grow and to be affected by changes in device mix;
geographic mix; partner mix; partner agreement terms; and the percentage of queries channeled through paid access points.
We expect these trends to continue to put pressure on our overall margins and affect our revenue growth rates.
•As online advertising evolves, we continue to expand our product offerings which may affect our monetization.
As interactions between users and advertisers change and as online user behavior evolves, we continue to expand and evolve our
product offerings to serve their changing needs. Over time, we expect our monetization trends to fluctuate. For example, we have seen an
increase in YouTube engagement ads, which monetize at a lower rate than traditional search ads.
•As users in developing economies increasingly come online, our revenues from international markets continue to
increase and movements in foreign exchange rates affect such revenues.
The shift to online, as well as the advent of the multi-device world, has brought opportunities outside of the U.S., including in emerging
markets, and we continue to develop localized versions of our products and relevant advertising programs useful to our users in these
markets. This has led to a trend of increased revenues from international markets over time and we expect that our results will continue to
be affected by our performance in these markets, particularly as low-cost mobile devices become more available. This trend could impact
our margins as developing markets initially monetize at a lower rate than more mature markets.
Our international revenues represent a significant portion of our revenues and are subject to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange
rates relative to the U.S. dollar. While we have a foreign exchange risk management program designed to reduce our exposure to these
fluctuations, this program does not fully offset their effect on our revenues and earnings.
27Table of Contents Alphabet Inc.
•The portion of our revenues that we derive from non-advertising revenues is increasing and may affect margins.
Non-advertising revenues have grown over time. We expect this trend to continue as we focus on expanding our offerings to our users
through products and services like Google Cloud, Google Play, hardware products, and YouTube subscriptions. Across these initiatives, we
currently derive non-advertising revenues primarily from sales of apps, in-app purchases, digital content products, and hardware; and
licensing and service fees, including fees received for Google Cloud offerings and subscription and other services. The margins on these
revenues vary significantly and may be lower than the margins on our advertising revenues. A number of our Other Bets initiatives are in
their initial development stages, and as such, the sources of revenues from these businesses could change over time and the revenues
could be volatile.
•As we continue to serve our users and expand our businesses, we will invest heavily in operating and capital
expenditures.
We continue to make significant R&D investments in areas of strategic focus such as advertising, cloud, machine learning, and search,
as well as in new products and services. In addition, our capital expenditures have grown over the last several years. We expect this trend
to continue in the long term as we invest heavily in land and buildings for data centers and offices, and information technology
infrastructure, which includes servers and network equipment.
In addition, acquisitions remain an important part of our strategy and use of capital, and we expect to continue to spend cash on
acquisitions and other investments. These acquisitions generally enhance the breadth and depth of our offerings, as well as expand our
expertise in engineering and other functional areas.
•Our employees are critical to our success and we expect to continue investing in them.
Our employees are among our best assets and are critical for our continued success. We expect to continue hiring talented employees
around the globe and to provide competitive compensation programs to our employees.
Executive Overview of Results
Below are our key financial results for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2019 (consolidated unless otherwise noted):
•Revenues of $161.9 billion and revenue growth of 18% year over year, constant currency revenue growth of 20% year over year.
•Google segment revenues of $160.7 billion with revenue growth of 18% year over year and Other Bets revenues of $659 million
with revenue growth of 11% year over year.
•Revenues from the United States, EMEA, APAC, and Other Americas were $74.8 billion, $50.6 billion, $26.9 billion, and $9.0 billion,
respectively.
•Cost of revenues was $71.9 billion, consisting of TAC of $30.1 billion and other cost of revenues of $41.8 billion. Our TAC as a
percentage of advertising revenues (TAC rate) was 22.3%.
•Operating expenses (excluding cost of revenues) were $55.7 billion.
•Income from operations was $34.2 billion.
•Other income (expense), net, was $5.4 billion.
•Effective tax rate was 13%.
•Net income was $34.3 billion with diluted net income per share of $49.16.
•Operating cash flow was $54.5 billion.
•Capital expenditures were $23.5 billion.
•Number of employees was 118,899 as of December 31, 2019. The majority of new hires during the year were engineers and
product managers. By product area, the largest headcount additions were in Google Cloud and Search.
Information about Segments
We operate our business in multiple operating segments. Google is our only reportable segment. None of our other segments meet the
quantitative thresholds to qualify as reportable segments; therefore, the other operating segments are combined and disclosed as Other
Bets.
28Table of Contents Alphabet Inc.
Our reported segments are:
•Google – Google includes our main products such as ads, Android, Chrome, hardware, Google Cloud, Google Maps, Google Play,
Search, and YouTube. Our technical infrastructure is also included in Google. Google generates revenues primarily from
advertising; sales of apps, in-app purchases, digital content products, and hardware; and licensing and service fees, including fees
received for Google Cloud offerings and subscription-based products.
•Other Bets – Other Bets is a combination of multiple operating segments that are not individually material. Other Bets includes
Access, Calico, CapitalG, GV, Verily, Waymo, and X, among others. Revenues from the Other Bets are derived primarily through
the sales of internet and TV services through Access as well as licensing and R&D services through Verily.
Revenues
The following table presents our revenues by segment and revenue source (in millions). Certain amounts in prior periods have been
reclassified to conform with current period presentation.
 Year Ended December 31,
 2017  2018  2019
Google Search & other $ 69,811 $ 85,296 $ 98,115
YouTube ads(1)8,150 11,155 15,149
Google properties 77,961 96,451 113,264
Google Network Members' properties 17,616 20,010 21,547
Google advertising 95,577 116,461 134,811
Google Cloud 4,056 5,838 8,918
Google other(1)10,914 14,063 17,014
Google revenues 110,547 136,362 160,743
Other Bets revenues 477 595 659
Hedging gains (losses) (169) (138) 455
Total revenues $ 110,855 $ 136,819 $ 161,857
(1) YouTube non-advertising revenues are included in Google other revenues.
Google advertising revenues
Our advertising revenue growth, as well as the change in paid clicks and cost-per-click on Google properties and the change in
impressions and cost-per-impression on Google Network Members' properties and the correlation between these items, have been affected
and may continue to be affected by various factors, including:
•advertiser competition for keywords;
•changes in advertising quality, formats, delivery or policy;
•changes in device mix;
•changes in foreign currency exchange rates;
•fees advertisers are willing to pay based on how they manage their advertising costs;
•general economic conditions;
•seasonality; and
•traffic growth in emerging markets compared to more mature markets and across various advertising verticals and channels.
Our advertising revenue growth rate has been affected over time as a result of a number of factors, including challenges in maintaining
our growth rate as revenues increase to higher levels; changes in our product mix; changes in advertising quality or formats and delivery;
the evolution of the online advertising market; increasing competition; our investments in new business strategies; query growth rates; and
shifts in the geographic mix of our revenues. We also expect that our revenue growth rate will continue to be affected by evolving user
preferences, the acceptance by users of our products and services as they are delivered on diverse devices and modalities, our ability to
create a seamless experience for both users and advertisers, and movements in foreign currency exchange rates.
29Table of Contents Alphabet Inc.
The following table presents our Google advertising revenues (in millions):
 Year Ended December 31,
 2017  2018  2019
Google Search & other $ 69,811 $ 85,296 $ 98,115
YouTube ads(1)8,150 11,155 15,149
Google Network Members' properties 17,616 20,010 21,547
Google advertising $ 95,577 $ 116,461 $ 134,811
Google advertising revenues as a percentage of Google segment revenues 86.5% 85.4% 83.9%
(1)    YouTube non-advertising revenues are included in Google other revenues.
Google advertising revenues are generated on our Google properties (including Google Search & other properties and YouTube) and
Google Network Members’ properties. Google advertising revenues consist primarily of the following:
•Google Search & other consists of revenues generated on Google search properties (including revenues from traffic generated by
search distribution partners who use Google.com as their default search in browsers, toolbars, etc.) and other Google owned and
operated properties like Gmail, Google Maps, and Google Play;
•YouTube ads consists of revenues generated primarily on YouTube properties; and
•Google Network Members' properties consist of revenues generated primarily on Google Network Members' properties participating
in AdMob, AdSense, and Google Ad Manager.
Google Search & other
Our Google Search & other revenues increased $12,819 million from 2018 to 2019. The growth was primarily driven by interrelated
factors including increases in search queries resulting from ongoing growth in user adoption and usage, primarily on mobile devices,
continued growth in advertiser activity, and improvements we have made in ad formats and delivery. Revenue growth was partially offset by
the general strengthening of the U.S. dollar compared to certain foreign currencies.
Our Google Search & other revenues increased $15,485 million from 2017 to 2018. The growth was primarily driven by increases in
mobile search resulting from ongoing growth in user adoption and usage, as well as continued growth in advertiser activity. Growth was also
driven by improvements in ad formats and delivery, primarily on desktop. Additionally, revenue growth was favorably affected by the general
weakening of the U.S. dollar compared to certain foreign currencies.
YouTube ads
YouTube ads revenues increased $3,994 million from 2018 to 2019 and increased $3,005 million from 2017 to 2018. The largest
contributors to the growth during both periods were our direct response and brand advertising products, both of which benefited from
improvements to ad formats and delivery and increased advertiser spending.
Google Network Members' properties
Our Google Network Members' properties revenues increased $1,537 million from 2018 to 2019. The growth was primarily driven by
strength in both AdManager (included in what was previously referred to as programmatic advertising buying) and AdMob, partially offset by
the general strengthening of the U.S. dollar compared to certain foreign currencies.
Our Google Network Members' properties revenues increased $2,394 million from 2017 to 2018, primarily driven by strength in both
AdMob and AdManager, offset by a decline in our traditional AdSense businesses. Additionally, the growth was favorably affected by the
general weakening of the U.S. dollar compared to certain foreign currencies.
Use of Monetization Metrics
Paid clicks for our Google properties represent engagement by users and include clicks on advertisements by end-users related to
searches on Google.com and other owned and operated properties including Gmail, Google Maps, and Google Play; and viewed YouTube
engagement ads (certain YouTube ad formats are not included in our click or impression based metrics). Impressions for our Google
Network Members' properties include impressions displayed to users served on Google Network Members' properties participating primarily
in AdMob, AdSense and Google Ad Manager.
Cost-per-click is defined as click-driven revenues divided by our total number of paid clicks and represents the average amount we
charge advertisers for each engagement by users.
30Table of Contents Alphabet Inc.
Cost-per-impression is defined as impression-based and click-based revenues divided by our total number of impressions and
represents the average amount we charge advertisers for each impression displayed to users.
As our business evolves, we periodically review, refine and update our methodologies for monitoring, gathering, and counting the
number of paid clicks on our Google properties and the number of impressions on Google Network Members’ properties and for identifying
the revenues generated by click activity on our Google properties and the revenues generated by impression activity on Google Network
Members’ properties.
Google properties
The following table presents changes in our paid clicks and cost-per-click (expressed as a percentage):
 Year Ended December 31,
 2018  2019
Paid clicks change 62 % 23 %
Cost-per-click change (25)% (7)%
The number of paid clicks through our advertising programs on Google properties increased from 2018 to 2019 due to growth in views
of YouTube engagement ads; increase in clicks due to interrelated factors, including an increase in search queries resulting from ongoing
growth in user adoption and usage, primarily on mobile devices; continued growth in advertiser activity; and improvements we have made in
ad formats and delivery. The positive effect on our revenues from an increase in paid clicks was partially offset by a decrease in the cost-
per-click paid by our advertisers. The decrease in cost-per-click was primarily driven by continued growth in YouTube engagement ads
where cost-per-click remains lower than on our other advertising platforms. Cost-per-click was also affected by changes in device mix,
geographic mix, ongoing product changes, product mix, property mix, and fluctuations of the U.S. dollar compared to certain foreign
currencies.
Google Network Members' properties
The following table presents changes in our impressions and cost-per-impression (expressed as a percentage):
 Year Ended December 31,
 2018  2019
Impressions change 2% 9%
Cost-per-impression change 12% 1%
Impressions increased from 2018 to 2019 primarily due to growth in AdManager. The cost-per-impression was relatively unchanged
due to a combination of factors including ongoing product and policy changes and improvements we have made in ad formats and delivery,
changes in device mix, geographic mix, product mix, property mix, and fluctuations of the U.S. dollar compared to certain foreign
currencies.
Google Cloud
The following table presents our Google Cloud revenues (in millions):
 Year Ended December 31,
 2017  2018  2019
Google Cloud $ 4,056 $ 5,838 $ 8,918
Google Cloud revenues as a percentage of Google segment revenues 3.7% 4.3% 5.5%
Google Cloud revenues consist primarily of revenues from Cloud offerings, including
•Google Cloud Platform (GCP), which includes infrastructure, data and analytics, and other services
•G Suite productivity tools; and
•other enterprise cloud services.
Our Google Cloud revenues increased $3,080 million from 2018 to 2019 and increased $1,782 million from 2017 to 2018. The growth
during both periods was primarily driven by continued strength in our GCP and G Suite offerings. Our infrastructure and our data and
analytics platform products have been the largest drivers of growth in GCP.
31Table of Contents Alphabet Inc.
Google other revenues
The following table presents our Google other revenues (in millions):
 Year Ended December 31,
 2017  2018  2019
Google other 10,914 14,063 17,014
Google other revenues as a percentage of Google segment revenues 9.9% 10.3% 10.6%
Google other revenues consist primarily of revenues from:
•Google Play, which includes revenues from sales of apps and in-app purchases (which we recognize net of payout to developers)
and digital content sold in the Google Play store;
•hardware, including Google Nest home products, Pixelbooks, Pixel phones and other devices;
•YouTube non-advertising, including YouTube Premium and YouTube TV subscriptions and other services; and
•other products and services.
Our Google other revenues increased $2,951 million from 2018 to 2019. The growth was primarily driven by Google Play and YouTube
subscriptions.
Our Google other revenues increased $3,149 million from 2017 to 2018. The growth was primarily driven by Google Play and
hardware.
Over time, our growth rate for Google Cloud and Google other revenues may be affected by the seasonality associated with new
product and service launches and market dynamics.
Other Bets
The following table presents our Other Bets revenues (in millions):
 Year Ended December 31,
 2017  2018  2019
Other Bets revenues $ 477 $ 595 $ 659
Other Bets revenues as a percentage of total revenues 0.4% 0.4% 0.4%
Other Bets revenues consist primarily of revenues from sales of Access internet and TV services and Verily licensing and R&D
services.
Revenues by Geography
The following table presents our revenues by geography as a percentage of revenues, determined based on the addresses of our
customers:
 Year Ended December 31,
 2018  2019
United States 46% 46%
EMEA 33% 31%
APAC 15% 17%
Other Americas 6% 6%
For further details on revenues by geography, see Note 2 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8
of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.
Use of Constant Currency Revenues and Constant Currency Revenue Growth
The effect of currency exchange rates on our business is an important factor in understanding period to period comparisons. Our
international revenues are favorably affected as the U.S. dollar weakens relative to other foreign currencies, and unfavorably affected as the
U.S. dollar strengthens relative to other foreign currencies. Our revenues are also favorably affected by net hedging gains and unfavorably
affected by net hedging losses.
We use non-GAAP constant currency revenues and constant currency revenue growth for financial and operational decision-making
and as a means to evaluate period-to-period comparisons. We believe the presentation of results on a constant currency basis in addition to
U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (GAAP) results helps improve
32Table of Contents Alphabet Inc.
the ability to understand our performance because they exclude the effects of foreign currency volatility that are not indicative of our core
operating results.
Constant currency information compares results between periods as if exchange rates had remained constant period over period. We
define constant currency revenues as total revenues excluding the effect of foreign exchange rate movements and hedging activities, and
use it to determine the constant currency revenue growth on a year-on-year basis. Constant currency revenues are calculated by translating
current period revenues using prior period exchange rates, as well as excluding any hedging effects realized in the current period.
Constant currency revenue growth (expressed as a percentage) is calculated by determining the increase in current period revenues
over prior period revenues where current period foreign currency revenues are translated using prior period exchange rates and hedging
effects are excluded from revenues of both periods.
These results should be considered in addition to, not as a substitute for, results reported in accordance with GAAP. Results on a
constant currency basis, as we present them, may not be comparable to similarly titled measures used by other companies and are not a
measure of performance presented in accordance with GAAP.
33Table of Contents Alphabet Inc.
The following table presents the foreign exchange effect on our international revenues and total revenues (in millions):
 Year Ended December 31,
 2018  2019
EMEA revenues $ 44,739 $ 50,645
Exclude foreign exchange effect on current period revenues using prior year rates (1,325) 2,397
EMEA constant currency revenues $ 43,414 $ 53,042
Prior period EMEA revenues $ 36,236 $ 44,739
EMEA revenue growth 23% 13%
EMEA constant currency revenue growth 20% 19%
    
APAC revenues $ 21,341 $ 26,928
Exclude foreign exchange effect on current period revenues using prior year rates (49) 388
APAC constant currency revenues $ 21,292 $ 27,316
Prior period APAC revenues $ 16,192 $ 21,341
APAC revenue growth 32% 26%
APAC constant currency revenue growth 31% 28%
    
Other Americas revenues $ 7,608 $ 8,986
Exclude foreign exchange effect on current period revenues using prior year rates 404 541
Other Americas constant currency revenues $ 8,012 $ 9,527
Prior period Other Americas revenues $ 6,147 $ 7,608
Other Americas revenue growth 24% 18%
Other Americas constant currency revenue growth 30% 25%
    
United States revenues $ 63,269 $ 74,843
United States revenue growth 21% 18%
    
Hedging gains (losses) (138) 455
Total revenues $ 136,819 $ 161,857
Total constant currency revenues $ 135,987 $ 164,728
Prior period revenues, excluding hedging effect(1)$ 111,024 $ 136,957
Total revenue growth 23% 18%
Total constant currency revenue growth 22% 20%
(1) Total revenues and hedging gains (losses) for the year ended December 31, 2017 were $1 10,855 million and $(169) million, respectively .
Our EMEA revenue growth from 2018 to 2019 was unfavorably affected by changes in foreign currency exchange rates, primarily due
to the U.S. dollar strengthening relative to the Euro and British pound.
Our APAC revenue growth from 2018 to 2019 was unfavorably affected by changes in foreign currency exchange rates primarily due
to the U.S. dollar strengthening relative to the Australian dollar and South Korean won, partially offset by the U.S. dollar weakening relative
to the Japanese yen.
Our Other Americas revenue growth from 2018 to 2019 was unfavorably affected by changes in foreign currency exchange rates,
primarily due to the U.S. dollar strengthening relative to the Brazilian real and Argentine peso.
34Table of Contents Alphabet Inc.
Costs and Expenses
Cost of Revenues
Cost of revenues consists of TAC which are paid to Google Network Members primarily for ads displayed on their properties and
amounts paid to our distribution partners who make available our search access points and services. Our distribution partners include
browser providers, mobile carriers, original equipment manufacturers, and software developers.
The cost of revenues as a percentage of revenues generated from ads placed on Google Network Members' properties are
significantly higher than the cost of revenues as a percentage of revenues generated from ads placed on Google properties because most
of the advertiser revenues from ads served on Google Network Members’ properties are paid as TAC to our Google Network Members.
Additionally, other cost of revenues (which is the cost of revenues excluding TAC) includes the following:
•Content acquisition costs primarily related to payments to content providers from whom we license video and other content for
distribution on YouTube advertising and subscription services and Google Play (we pay fees to these content providers based on
revenues generated or a flat fee);
•Expenses associated with our data centers and other operations (including bandwidth, compensation expenses (including stock-
based compensation (SBC)), depreciation, energy, and other equipment costs); and
•Inventory related costs for hardware we sell.
The following tables present our cost of revenues, including TAC (in millions):
 Year Ended December 31,
 2018  2019
TAC $ 26,726 $ 30,089
Other cost of revenues 32,823 41,807
Total cost of revenues $ 59,549 $ 71,896
Total cost of revenues as a percentage of revenues 43.5% 44.4%
Cost of revenues increased $12,347 million from 2018 to 2019. The increase was due to increases in other cost of revenues and TAC
of $8,984 million and $3,363 million, respectively.
The increase in other cost of revenues from 2018 to 2019 was due to an increase in data center and other operations costs.
Additionally, there was an increase in content acquisition costs for YouTube consistent with the growth in YouTube revenues.
The increase in TAC from 2018 to 2019 was due to increases in TAC paid to distribution partners and to Google Network Members,
primarily driven by growth in revenues subject to TAC. The TAC rate decreased from 22.9% to 22.3%, primarily due to the favorable
revenue mix shift from Google Network Members' properties to Google properties. The TAC rate on Google properties revenues increased
primarily due to the ongoing shift to mobile, which carries higher TAC because more mobile searches are channeled through paid access
points. The TAC rate on Google Network revenues decreased primarily due to changes in product mix to products that carry a lower TAC
rate.
Over time, cost of revenues as a percentage of total revenues may be affected by a number of factors, including the following:
•The amount of TAC paid to Google Network Members, which is affected by a combination of factors such as geographic mix,
product mix, revenue share terms, and fluctuations of the U.S. dollar compared to certain foreign currencies;
•The amount of TAC paid to distribution partners, which is affected by changes in device mix, geographic mix, partner mix, partner
agreement terms such as revenue share arrangements, and the percentage of queries channeled through paid access points;
•Relative revenue growth rates of Google properties and Google Network Members' properties;
•Costs associated with our data centers and other operations to support ads, Google Cloud, Search, YouTube and other products;
•Content acquisition costs, which are primarily affected by the relative growth rates in our YouTube advertising and subscription
revenues;
•Costs related to hardware sales; and
•Increased proportion of non-advertising revenues, which generally have higher costs of revenues, relative to our advertising
revenues.
35Table of Contents Alphabet Inc.
Research and Development
The following table presents our R&D expenses (in millions):
 Year Ended December 31,
 2018  2019
Research and development expenses $ 21,419 $ 26,018
Research and development expenses as a percentage of revenues 15.7% 16.1%
R&D expenses consist primarily of:
•Compensation expenses (including SBC) and facilities-related costs for engineering and technical employees responsible for R&D
of our existing and new products and services;
•Depreciation expenses;
•Equipment-related expenses; and
•Professional services fees primarily related to consulting and outsourcing services.
R&D expenses increased $4,599 million from 2018 to 2019. The increase was primarily due to an increase in compensation expenses
(including SBC) and facilities-related costs of $3,519 million, largely resulting from a 23% increase in headcount.
Over time, R&D expenses as a percentage of revenues may be affected by a number of factors including continued investment in ads,
Android, Chrome, Google Cloud, Google Play, hardware, machine learning, Other Bets, and Search.
Sales and Marketing
The following table presents our sales and marketing expenses (in millions):
 Year Ended December 31,
 2018  2019
Sales and marketing expenses $ 16,333 $ 18,464
Sales and marketing expenses as a percentage of revenues 11.9% 11.4%
Sales and marketing expenses consist primarily of:
•Advertising and promotional expenditures related to our products and services; and
•Compensation expenses (including SBC) and facilities-related costs for employees engaged in sales and marketing, sales support,
and certain customer service functions.
Sales and marketing expenses increased $2,131 million from 2018 to 2019. The increase was primarily due to an increase in
compensation expenses (including SBC) and facilities-related costs of $1,371 million, largely resulting from a 15% increase in headcount. In
addition, there was an increase in advertising and promotional expenses of $402 million.
Over time, sales and marketing expenses as a percentage of revenues may be affected by a number of factors including the
seasonality associated with new product and service launches.
General and Administrative
The following table presents our general and administrative expenses (in millions):
 Year Ended December 31,
 2018  2019
General and administrative expenses $ 6,923 $ 9,551
General and administrative expenses as a percentage of revenues 5.1% 5.9%
General and administrative expenses consist primarily of:
•Compensation expenses (including SBC) and facilities-related costs for employees in our finance, human resources, information
technology, and legal organizations;
•Depreciation expenses;
•Equipment-related expenses;
•Legal-related expenses; and
36Table of Contents Alphabet Inc.
•Professional services fees primarily related to audit, information technology consulting, outside legal, and outsourcing services.
General and administrative expenses increased $2,628 million from 2018 to 2019. The increase was primarily due to an increase in
legal-related expenses of $1,157 million, including a charge of $554 million from a legal settlement in 2019 and the effect of a legal
settlement gain recorded in 2018. Additionally, there was an increase in compensation expenses (including SBC) and facilities-related costs
of $687 million, largely resulting from a 19% increase in headcount.
Performance fees of $1,203 million have been reclassified from general and administrative expenses to other income (expense), net,
for 2018 to conform with current period presentation. See Note 7 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item
8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for further details.
Over time, general and administrative expenses as a percentage of revenues may be affected by discrete items such as legal
settlements.
European Commission Fines
In July 2018, the EC announced its decision that certain provisions in Google's Android-related distribution agreements infringed
European competition law. The EC decision imposed a €4.3 billion ($5.1 billion as of June 30, 2018) fine, which was accrued in the second
quarter of 2018.
In March 2019, the EC announced its decision that certain contractual provisions in agreements that Google had with AdSense for
Search partners infringed European competition law. The EC decision imposed a €1.5 billion ($1.7 billion as of March 20, 2019) fine, which
was accrued in the first quarter of 2019.
Please refer to Note 10 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-
K for further information.
Other Income (Expense), Net
The following table presents other income (expense), net, (in millions):
 Year Ended December 31,
 2018  2019
Other income (expense), net $ 7,389 $ 5,394
Other income (expense), net, as a percentage of revenues 5.4% 3.3%
Other income (expense), net, decreased $1,995 million from 2018 to 2019. This decrease was primarily driven by a decrease in gains
on equity securities, which were $2,649 million in 2019 as compared to $5,460 million in 2018. The majority of the gains in both periods
were unrealized. The effect of the decrease in gains on equity securities was partially offset by a decrease in performance fees. The
decrease in other income (expense) was also driven by a decrease in gains on debt securities primarily due to an unrealized gain
recognized in 2018 resulting from the modification of the terms of a non-marketable debt security.
Performance fees of $1,203 million have been reclassified from general and administrative expenses to other income (expense), net,
for 2018 to conform with current period presentation. See Note 7 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item
8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for further details.
Over time, other income (expense), net, as a percentage of revenues may be affected by market dynamics and other factors. Equity
values generally change daily for marketable equity securities and upon the occurrence of observable price changes or upon impairment of
non-marketable equity securities. In addition, volatility in the global economic climate and financial markets could result in a significant
change in the value of our equity securities. Fluctuations in the value of these investments has, and we expect will continue to, contribute to
volatility of OI&E in future periods. For additional information about equity investments, see Note 1 and Note 3 of the Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.
37Table of Contents Alphabet Inc.
Provision for Income Taxes
The following table presents our provision for income taxes (in millions) and effective tax rate:
 Year Ended December 31,
 2018  2019
Provision for income taxes $ 4,177 $ 5,282
Effective tax rate 12.0% 13.3%
Our provision for income taxes and our effective tax rate increased from 2018 to 2019, due to discrete events in 2018 and 2019. In
2018, we released our deferred tax asset valuation allowance related to gains on equity securities and recognized the benefits of the U.S.
Tax Cuts and Jobs Act ("Tax Act"). In 2019, we recognized an increase in discrete benefits related to the resolution of multi-year audits,
partially offset by the reversal of Altera tax benefit as a result of the U.S. Court of Appeals decision. See Note 14 of the Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for further information.
As of December 31, 2019, we have simplified our corporate legal entity structure and now license intellectual property from the U.S.
that was previously licensed from Bermuda. This will affect our geographic mix of earnings.
We expect our future effective tax rate to be affected by the geographic mix of earnings in countries with different statutory rates.
Additionally, our future effective tax rate may be affected by changes in the valuation of our deferred tax assets or liabilities, or changes in
tax laws, regulations, or accounting principles, as well as certain discrete items.
38Table of Contents Alphabet Inc.
Quarterly Results of Operations
The following tables presenting our quarterly results of operations should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial
statements and related notes included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We have prepared the unaudited information
on the same basis as our audited consolidated financial statements. Our operating results for any quarter are not necessarily indicative of
results for any future quarters or for a full year.
The following table presents our unaudited quarterly results of operations for the eight quarters ended December 31, 2019. This table
includes all adjustments, consisting only of normal recurring adjustments, that we consider necessary for a fair presentation of our
consolidated financial position and operating results for the quarters presented. Seasonal fluctuations in internet usage and advertiser
expenditures, underlying business trends such as traditional retail seasonality and macroeconomic conditions have affected, and are likely
to continue to affect, our business. Commercial queries typically increase significantly in the fourth quarter of each year. These seasonal
trends have caused, and will likely continue to cause, fluctuations in our quarterly results, including fluctuations in sequential revenue
growth rates.
 Quarter Ended
 Mar 31,
2018Jun 30,
2018Sept 30,
2018Dec 31,
2018  Mar 31,
2019  Jun 30,
2019  Sept 30,
2019  Dec 31,
2019
 (In millions, except per share amounts) (unaudited)
Consolidated Statements of Income Data:         
Revenues $31,146  $32,657  $33,740  $39,276  $36,339  $38,944  $40,499  $46,075
Costs and expenses:                
Cost of revenues 13,467  13,883  14,281  17,918  16,012  17,296  17,568  21,020
Research and development 5,039  5,114 5,232  6,034  6,029  6,213  6,554  7,222
Sales and marketing 3,604  3,780  3,849  5,100  3,905  4,212  4,609  5,738
General and administrative 1,403  1,764  1,753  2,003  2,088  2,043  2,591  2,829
European Commission fines 0 5,071  0 0 1,697  0 0 0
Total costs and expenses 23,513  29,612  25,115 31,055  29,731  29,764  31,322  36,809
Income from operations 7,633  3,045  8,625  8,221  6,608  9,180  9,177  9,266
Other income (expense), net 2,910  1,170  1,458  1,851  1,538  2,967  (549) 1,438
Income from continuing operations before
income taxes 10,543  4,215  10,083  10,072  8,146  12,147  8,628  10,704
Provision for income taxes 1,142  1,020  891  1,124  1,489  2,200  1,560  33
Net income $ 9,401  $ 3,195  $ 9,192  $ 8,948  $ 6,657  $ 9,947  $ 7,068  $10,671
                
Basic net income per share of Class A and
B common stock and Class C capital stock $ 13.53  $ 4.60  $ 13.21  $ 12.87  $ 9.58  $ 14.33  $ 10.20  $ 15.49
Diluted net income per share of Class A and
B common stock and Class C capital stock $ 13.33  $ 4.54  $ 13.06  $ 12.77  $ 9.50  $ 14.21  $ 10.12  $ 15.35
Capital Resources and Liquidity
As of December 31, 2019, we had $119.7 billion in cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities. Cash equivalents and
marketable securities are comprised of time deposits, money market funds, highly liquid government bonds, corporate debt securities,
mortgage-backed and asset-backed securities and marketable equity securities.
As of December 31, 2019, we had long-term taxes payable of $7.3 billion related to a one-time transition tax payable incurred as a
result of the Tax Act. As permitted by the Tax Act, we will pay the transition tax in annual interest-free installments through 2025.
In 2017, 2018 and 2019, the EC announced decisions that certain actions taken by Google infringed European competition law and
imposed fines of €2.4 billion ($2.7 billion as of June 27, 2017), €4.3 billion ($5.1 billion as of June 30, 2018), and €1.5 billion ($1.7 billion as
of March 20, 2019), respectively. While each EC decision is under appeal, we included the fines in accrued expenses and other current
liabilities on our Consolidated Balance Sheets as we provided bank guarantees (in lieu of a cash payment) for the fines.
39Table of Contents Alphabet Inc.
In November 2019, we entered into an agreement to acquire Fitbit, a leading wearables brand, for $7.35 per share, representing a
total purchase price of approximately $2.1 billion as of the date of the agreement. The acquisition of Fitbit is expected to be completed in
2020, subject to customary closing conditions, including the receipt of regulatory approvals.
Our principal sources of liquidity are our cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities, as well as the cash flow that we generate
from our operations. The primary use of capital continues to be to invest for the long term growth of the business. We regularly evaluate our
cash and capital structure, including the size, pace and form of capital return to stockholders.
We have a short-term debt financing program of up to $5.0 billion through the issuance of commercial paper. Net proceeds from this
program are used for general corporate purposes. We had no commercial paper outstanding as of December 31, 2019. We have $4.0
billion of revolving credit facilities expiring in July 2023 with no amounts outstanding as of December 31, 2019. The interest rate for the
credit facilities is determined based on a formula using certain market rates. We believe that our sources of funding will be sufficient to
satisfy our currently anticipated cash requirements including capital expenditures, working capital requirements, potential acquisitions and
other liquidity requirements through at least the next 12 months.
As of December 31, 2019, we have senior unsecured notes outstanding due in 2021, 2024, and 2026 with a total carrying value of
$4.0 billion.
As of December 31, 2019, we had remaining authorization of $20.8 billion for repurchase of Class C capital stock. The repurchases
are being executed from time to time, subject to general business and market conditions and other investment opportunities, through open
market purchases or privately negotiated transactions, including through Rule 10b5-1 plans. The repurchase program does not have an
expiration date. Please refer to Note 11 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report
on Form 10-K for additional information related to share repurchases.
We continue to make significant investments in land and buildings for data centers and offices and information technology
infrastructure through purchases of property and equipment and lease arrangements to provide capacity for the growth of our business.
During the year ended December 31, 2019, we spent $23.5 billion on capital expenditures and recognized total operating lease assets of
$4.4 billion. As of December 31, 2019, the amount of total future lease payments under operating leases, which had a weighted average
remaining lease term of 10 years, was $13.9 billion. Finance leases were not material for the year ended December 31, 2019. Please refer
to Note 4 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for further
information on the leases.
The following table presents our cash flows (in millions):
 Year Ended December 31,
 2018  2019
Net cash provided by operating activities $ 47,971 $ 54,520
Net cash used in investing activities $ (28,504) $ (29,491)
Net cash used in financing activities $ (13,179) $ (23,209)
Cash Provided by Operating Activities
Our largest source of cash provided by our operations are advertising revenues generated by Google properties and Google Network
Members' properties. Additionally, we generate cash through sales of apps, in-app purchases, digital content products, and hardware; and
licensing and service fees, including fees received for Google Cloud offerings and subscription-based products.
Our primary uses of cash from our operating activities include payments to our Google Network Members and distribution partners,
and payments for content acquisition costs. In addition, uses of cash from operating activities include compensation and related costs,
hardware inventory costs, other general corporate expenditures, and income taxes.
Net cash provided by operating activities increased from 2018 to 2019 primarily due to increases in cash received from revenues,
offset by increases in cash paid for cost of revenues and operating expenses.
Cash Used in Investing Activities
Cash provided by investing activities consists primarily of maturities and sales of our investments in marketable and non-marketable
securities. Cash used in investing activities consists primarily of purchases of property and
40Table of Contents Alphabet Inc.
equipment, which primarily includes our investments in land and buildings for data centers and offices and information technology
infrastructure to provide capacity for the growth of our businesses; purchases of marketable and non-marketable securities; and payments
for acquisitions.
Net cash used in investing activities increased from 2018 to 2019 primarily due to a net increase in purchases of securities and an
increase in payments for acquisitions, partially offset by a decrease in payments for purchases of property and equipment. The decrease in
purchases of property and equipment was driven by decreases in purchases of servers as well as land and buildings for offices, partially
offset by an increase in data center construction.
Cash Used in Financing Activities
Cash provided by financing activities consists primarily of proceeds from issuance of debt and proceeds from sale of interest in
consolidated entities. Cash used in financing activities consists primarily of net payments related to stock-based award activities,
repurchases of capital stock, and repayments of debt.
Net cash used in financing activities increased from 2018 to 2019 primarily due to an increase in cash payments for repurchases of
capital stock and a decrease in proceeds from sale of interest in consolidated entities.
Contractual Obligations as of December 31, 2019
The following summarizes our contractual obligations as of December 31, 2019 (in millions):
 Payments Due By Period
 Total  Less than
1 year  1-3
years  3-5
years  More than
5 years
Operating lease obligations(1)$ 13,854 $ 1,757 $ 3,525 $ 2,809 $ 5,763
Obligations for leases that have not yet commenced(1)7,418 249 850 1,314 5,005
Purchase obligations(2)5,660 4,212 933 202 313
Long-term debt obligations(3)5,288 227 1,258 1,224 2,579
Tax payable(4)7,315 0 1,166 3,661 2,488
Other long-term liabilities reflected on our balance
sheet(5)1,484 245 643 367 229
Total contractual obligations $ 41,019 $ 6,690 $ 8,375 $ 9,577 $ 16,377
(1) For further information, refer to Note 4  of the Notes  to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Repo rt on Form 10-
K.
(2) Represents non-cancelable contractual obligations primarily related to information technology assets and data center operation costs; purchases of
inventory; and digital media content licensing arrangements. The amounts included above repres ent the non-cancelable portion of agreements or the
minimum cancellation fee. For those agreeme nts with variable terms, we do not estimate the non-cancelable obligation beyond any minimum
quantities and/or pricing as of December 31, 2019 . Excluded from the table above are open orders for purchases that support normal operations.
(3) Represents our principal and interest payments . For further information on long-term debt, refer to Note 6 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.
(4) Represents one-time transition tax payable incurred as a result of the Tax Act. For further information, refer to Note 14  of the Note s to Consolidated
Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Excluded from the table above are long-term taxes payable of
$2.6 billion as of December 31, 2019  primarily related to uncertain tax positions, for which we are unable to make a reasonably reliable estimate of
the timing of payments in individual years beyond 12 months due to uncertainties in the timing of tax audit outcomes.
(5) Represents cash obligations recorded on our Consolidated Balance Sheets, including the short-term portion of these long-term liabilities, primarily for
the construction of offices and certain commerci al agreements. These amounts do not include the EC fines which are classified as current liabilities
on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. For further information regarding the EC fines, refer to Note 10 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.
Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements
As of December 31, 2019, we did not have any off-balance sheet arrangements, as defined in Item 303(a)(4)(ii) of Regulation S-K,
that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition, changes in our financial condition, revenues,
or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures, or capital resources that is material to investors.
41Table of Contents Alphabet Inc.
Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates
We prepare our consolidated financial statements in accordance with GAAP. In doing so, we have to make estimates and assumptions
that affect our reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues, expenses, gains and losses, as well as related disclosure of contingent
assets and liabilities. In some cases, we could reasonably have used different accounting policies and estimates. In some cases, changes
in the accounting estimates are reasonably likely to occur from period to period. Accordingly, actual results could differ materially from our
estimates. To the extent that there are material differences between these estimates and actual results, our financial condition or results of
operations will be affected. We base our estimates on past experience and other assumptions that we believe are reasonable under the
circumstances, and we evaluate these estimates on an ongoing basis. We refer to accounting estimates of this type as critical accounting
policies and estimates, which we discuss further below. We have reviewed our critical accounting policies and estimates with the audit
committee of our board of directors.
Please see Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for a summary
of significant accounting policies and the effect on our financial statements.
Revenues
For the sale of third-party goods and services, we evaluate whether we are the principal, and report revenues on a gross basis, or an
agent, and report revenues on a net basis. In this assessment, we consider if we obtain control of the specified goods or services before
they are transferred to the customer, as well as other indicators such as the party primarily responsible for fulfillment, inventory risk, and
discretion in establishing price.
Income Taxes
We are subject to income taxes in the U.S. and foreign jurisdictions. Significant judgment is required in evaluating our uncertain tax
positions and determining our provision for income taxes.
Although we believe we have adequately reserved for our uncertain tax positions, no assurance can be given that the final tax
outcome of these matters will not be different. We adjust these reserves in light of changing facts and circumstances, such as the closing of
a tax audit or the refinement of an estimate. To the extent that the final tax outcome of these matters is different than the amounts recorded,
such differences will affect the provision for income taxes and the effective tax rate in the period in which such determination is made.
The provision for income taxes includes the effect of reserve provisions and changes to reserves that are considered appropriate as
well as the related net interest and penalties. In addition, we are subject to the continuous examination of our income tax returns by the
Internal Revenue Services (IRS) and other tax authorities which may assert assessments against us. We regularly assess the likelihood of
adverse outcomes resulting from these examinations and assessments to determine the adequacy of our provision for income taxes.
Loss Contingencies
We are regularly subject to claims, suits, government investigations, and other proceedings involving competition and antitrust,
intellectual property, privacy, consumer protection, non-income taxes, labor and employment, commercial disputes, content generated by
our users, goods and services offered by advertisers or publishers using our platforms, and other matters. Certain of these matters include
speculative claims for substantial or indeterminate amounts of damages. We record a liability when we believe that it is probable that a loss
has been incurred and the amount can be reasonably estimated. If we determine that a loss is reasonably possible and the loss or range of
loss can be estimated, we disclose the possible loss in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements.
We evaluate, on a regular basis, developments in our legal matters that could affect the amount of liability that has been previously
accrued, and the matters and related reasonably possible losses disclosed, and make adjustments and changes to our disclosures as
appropriate. Significant judgment is required to determine both the likelihood of there being, and the estimated amount of, a loss related to
such matters. Until the final resolution of such matters, there may be an exposure to loss in excess of the amount recorded, and such
amounts could be material. Should any of our estimates and assumptions change or prove to have been incorrect, it could have a material
effect on our business, consolidated financial position, results of operations, or cash flows.
Long-lived Assets
Long-lived assets, including property and equipment, long-term prepayments, and intangible assets, excluding goodwill, are reviewed
for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. The
evaluation is performed at the lowest level of identifiable cash flows independent of other assets. An impairment loss would be recognized
when estimated undiscounted future cash flows generated
42Table of Contents Alphabet Inc.
from the assets are less than their carrying amount. Measurement of an impairment loss would be based on the excess of the carrying
amount of the asset group over its fair value.
Fair Value Measurements
We measure certain of our non-marketable equity and debt investments, certain other instruments including stock-based
compensation awards settled in the stock of certain Other Bets, and certain assets and liabilities acquired in a business combination, at fair
value on a nonrecurring basis. The determination of fair value involves the use of appropriate valuation methods and relevant inputs into
valuation models. The fair value hierarchy prioritizes the inputs used to measure fair value whereby it gives the highest priority to quoted
prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities and the lowest priority to unobservable inputs. We maximize the use of
relevant observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs. Our use of unobservable inputs reflects the assumptions that
market participants would use and may include our own data adjusted based on reasonably available information. We apply judgment in
assessing the relevance of observable market data to determine the priority of inputs under the fair value hierarchy, particularly in situations
where there is very little or no market activity.
In determining the fair values of our non-marketable equity and debt investments, as well as assets acquired (especially with respect
to intangible assets) and liabilities assumed in business combinations, we make significant estimates and assumptions, some of which
include the use of unobservable inputs.
Certain stock-based compensation awards may be settled in the stock of certain of our Other Bets or in cash. These awards are based
on the equity values of the respective Other Bet, which requires use of unobservable inputs.
We also have compensation arrangements with payouts based on realized investment returns, i.e. performance fees. We recognize
compensation expense based on the estimated payouts, which may result in expense recognized before investment returns are realized,
and may require the use of unobservable inputs.
Non-marketable Equity Securities
Our non-marketable equity securities not accounted for under the equity method are carried either at fair value or under the
measurement alternative. Under the measurement alternative, the carrying value is measured at cost, less any impairment, plus or minus
changes resulting from observable price changes in orderly transactions for the identical or a similar investment of the same issuer.
Determining whether an observed transaction is similar to a security within our portfolio requires judgment based on the rights and
obligations of the securities. Recording upward and downward adjustments to the carrying value of our equity securities as a result of
observable price changes requires quantitative assessments of the fair value of our securities using various valuation methodologies and
involves the use of estimates.
Non-marketable equity securities are also subject to periodic impairment reviews. Our quarterly impairment analysis considers both
qualitative and quantitative factors that may have a significant effect on the investment's fair value. Qualitative factors considered include
industry and market conditions, financial performance, business prospects, and other relevant events and factors. When indicators of
impairment exist, we prepare quantitative assessments of the fair value of our equity investments using both the market and income
approaches which require judgment and the use of estimates, including discount rates, investee revenues and costs, and comparable
market data of private and public companies, among others. When our assessment indicates that an impairment exists, we measure our
non-marketable securities at fair value.
ITEM 7A.QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK
We are exposed to financial market risks, including changes in foreign currency exchange rates, interest rates, and equity investment
risks.
Foreign Currency Exchange Risk
We transact business globally in multiple currencies. Our international revenues, as well as costs and expenses denominated in
foreign currencies, expose us to the risk of fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates against the U.S. dollar. Principal currencies
hedged included the Australian dollar, British pound, Canadian dollar, Euro and Japanese yen. For the purpose of analyzing foreign
currency exchange risk, we considered the historical trends in foreign currency exchange rates and determined that it was reasonably
possible that adverse changes in exchange rates of 10% could be experienced in the near term.
We use foreign exchange forward contracts to offset the foreign exchange risk on our assets and liabilities denominated in currencies
other than the local currency of the subsidiary. These forward contracts reduce, but do not entirely eliminate, the effect of foreign currency
exchange rate movements on our assets and liabilities. The foreign
43Table of Contents Alphabet Inc.
currency gains and losses on the assets and liabilities are recorded in other income (expense), net, which are offset by the gains and losses
on the forward contracts.
If an adverse 10% foreign currency exchange rate change was applied to total monetary assets and liabilities denominated in
currencies other than the local currencies at the balance sheet dates, it would have resulted in an adverse effect on income before income
taxes of approximately $1 million and $8 million as of December 31, 2018 and 2019, respectively. The adverse effect as of December 31,
2018 and 2019 is after consideration of the offsetting effect of approximately $374 million and $662 million, respectively, from foreign
exchange contracts in place for the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2019.
We use foreign currency forwards and option contracts, including collars (an option strategy comprised of a combination of purchased
and written options) to protect our forecasted U.S. dollar-equivalent earnings from changes in foreign currency exchange rates. When the
U.S. dollar strengthens, gains from foreign currency options and forwards reduce the foreign currency losses related to our earnings. When
the U.S. dollar weakens, losses from foreign currency collars and forwards offset the foreign currency gains related to our earnings. These
hedging contracts reduce, but do not entirely eliminate, the effect of foreign currency exchange rate movements. We designate these
contracts as cash flow hedges for accounting purposes. We reflect the gains or losses of foreign currency spot rate changes as a
component of AOCI and subsequently reclassify them into revenues to offset the hedged exposures as they occur.
If the U.S. dollar weakened by 10% as of December 31, 2018 and 2019, the amount recorded in AOCI related to our foreign exchange
contracts before tax effect would have been approximately $772 million and $1.1 billion lower as of December 31, 2018 and 2019,
respectively. The change in the value recorded in AOCI would be expected to offset a corresponding foreign currency change in forecasted
hedged revenues when recognized.
We use foreign exchange forward contracts designated as net investment hedges to hedge the foreign currency risks related to our
investment in foreign subsidiaries. These forward contracts serve to offset the foreign currency translation risk from our foreign operations.
If the U.S. dollar weakened by 10%, the amount recorded in cumulative translation adjustment (CTA) within AOCI related to our net
investment hedge would have been approximately $635 million and $936 million lower as of December 31, 2018 and 2019, respectively.
The change in value recorded in CTA would be expected to offset a corresponding foreign currency translation gain or loss from our
investment in foreign subsidiaries.
Interest Rate Risk
Our Corporate Treasury investment strategy is to achieve a return that will allow us to preserve capital and maintain liquidity. We invest
primarily in debt securities including those of the U.S. government and its agencies, corporate debt securities, mortgage-backed securities,
money market and other funds, municipal securities, time deposits, asset backed securities, and debt instruments issued by foreign
governments. By policy, we limit the amount of credit exposure to any one issuer. Our investments in both fixed rate and floating rate
interest earning securities carry a degree of interest rate risk. Fixed rate securities may have their fair market value adversely affected due
to a rise in interest rates, while floating rate securities may produce less income than predicted if interest rates fall. Unrealized gains or
losses on our marketable debt securities are primarily due to interest rate fluctuations as a result of higher market interest rates compared
to interest rates at the time of purchase. We account for both fixed and variable rate securities at fair value with gains and losses recorded
in AOCI until the securities are sold.
We use value-at-risk (VaR) analysis to determine the potential effect of fluctuations in interest rates on the value of our marketable
debt security portfolio. The VaR is the expected loss in fair value, for a given confidence interval, for our investment portfolio due to adverse
movements in interest rates. We use a variance/covariance VaR model with 95% confidence interval. The estimated one-day loss in fair
value of our marketable debt securities as of December 31, 2018 and 2019 are shown below (in millions):
 As of December 31,  12-Month Average
As of December 31,
 2018  2019  2018  2019
Risk Category - Interest Rate $ 58 $ 104 $ 66 $ 90
Actual future gains and losses associated with our marketable debt security portfolio may differ materially from the sensitivity analyses
performed as of December 31, 2018 and 2019 due to the inherent limitations associated with predicting the timing and amount of changes
in interest rates and our actual exposures and positions. VaR analysis is not intended to represent actual losses but is used as a risk
estimation.
44Table of Contents Alphabet Inc.
Equity Investment Risk
Our marketable and non-marketable equity securities are subject to a wide variety of market-related risks that could substantially
reduce or increase the fair value of our holdings.
Our marketable equity securities are publicly traded stocks or funds and our non-marketable equity securities are investments in
privately held companies, some of which are in the startup or development stages.
We record our marketable equity securities not accounted for under the equity method at fair value based on readily determinable
market values, of which publicly traded stocks and mutual funds are subject to market price volatility, and represent $3.3 billion of our
investments as of December 31, 2019. A hypothetical adverse price change of 10%, which could be experienced in the near term, would
decrease the fair value of our marketable equity securities by $330 million.
Our non-marketable equity securities not accounted for under the equity method are adjusted to fair value for observable transactions
for identical or similar investments of the same issuer or impairment (referred to as the measurement alternative). The fair value is
measured at the time of the observable transaction, which is not necessarily an indication of the current fair value as of the balance sheet
date. These investments, especially those that are in the early stages, are inherently risky because the technologies or products these
companies have under development are typically in the early phases and may never materialize and they may experience a decline in
financial condition, which could result in a loss of a substantial part of our investment in these companies. The success of our investment in
any private company is also typically dependent on the likelihood of our ability to realize appreciation in the value of our investments
through liquidity events such as public offerings, acquisitions, private sales or other favorable market events. As of December 31, 2019, the
carrying value of our non-marketable equity securities, which were accounted for under the measurement alternative, was $11.4 billion.
Valuations of our equity investments in private companies are inherently more complex due to the lack of readily available market data.
Volatility in the global economic climate and financial markets could result in a significant impairment charge on our non-marketable equity
securities.
The carrying values of our equity method investments generally do not fluctuate based on market price changes, however these
investments could be impaired if the carrying value exceeds the fair value.
For further information about our equity investments, please refer to Note 1 and Note 3 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements included in Part II of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.
45Table of Contents Alphabet Inc.
ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA
Alphabet Inc.
INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
  
 Page
Reports of Ernst & Young LLP, Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 47
Financial Statements:  
Consolidated Balance Sheets 50
Consolidated Statements of Income 51
Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 52
Consolidated Statements of Stockholders’ Equity 53
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 54
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 55
The supplementary financial information required by this Item 8 is included in Item 7 under the caption “Quarterly Results of
Operations.”
46Table of Contents Alphabet Inc.
REPORT OF ERNST & YOUNG LLP, INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM
To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of Alphabet Inc.
Opinion on the Financial Statements
We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Alphabet Inc. (the Company) as of December 31, 2018 and 2019,
the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, stockholders' equity and cash flows for each of the three years in
the period ended December 31, 2019, and the related notes and financial statement schedule listed in the Index at Item 15 (collectively
referred to as the “financial statements”). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position
of the Company at December 31, 2018 and 2019, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the
period ended December 31, 2019, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles.
We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB),
the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2019, based on criteria established in Internal Control—
Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) and our report
dated February 3, 2020 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon.
Adoption of New Accounting Standard
As discussed in Note 1 to the financial statements, the Company changed its method for accounting for the recognition, measurement,
presentation and disclosure of certain equity securities in the year ended December 31, 2018.
Basis for Opinion
These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the
Company’s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be
independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the
U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.
We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit
to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or
fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the
amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits
provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.
Critical Audit Matter
The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was
communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to
the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of the critical
audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the
critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates.
47Table of Contents Alphabet Inc.
Loss Contingencies
Description of the
MatterThe Company is regularly subject to claims, suits, and government investigations involving competition, intellectual
property, privacy, consumer protection, tax, labor and employment, commercial disputes, content generated by its
users, goods and services offered by advertisers or publishers using their platforms, and other matters. As described
in Note 10 to the financial statements “Commitments and Contingencies” such claims could result in adverse
consequences.
 
Significant judgment is required to determine both the likelihood, and the estimated amount, of a loss related to such
matters. Auditing management’s accounting for and disclosure of loss contingencies from these matters involved
challenging and subjective auditor judgement in assessing the Company’s evaluation of the probability of a loss, and
the estimated amount or range of loss.
How We Addressed
the Matter in Our
AuditWe tested relevant controls over the identified risks associated with management’s accounting for and disclosure of
these matters. This included controls over management’s assessment of the probability of incurrence of a loss and
whether the loss or range of loss was reasonably estimable and the development of related disclosures.
 
Our audit procedures included gaining an understanding of previous rulings issued by regulators and the status of
ongoing lawsuits, reviewing letters addressing the matters from internal and external legal counsel, meeting with
internal legal counsel to discuss the allegations, and obtaining a representation letter from management on these
matters. We also evaluated the Company’s disclosures in relation to these matters.
/s/ Ernst & Young LLP  
  
We have served as the Company's auditor since 1999.  
  
San Jose, California  
February 3, 2020  
48Table of Contents Alphabet Inc.
REPORT OF ERNST & YOUNG LLP, INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM
To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of Alphabet Inc.
Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting
We have audited Alphabet Inc.’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2019, based on criteria established in
Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013
framework) (the COSO criteria). In our opinion, Alphabet Inc. (the Company) maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control
over financial reporting as of December 31, 2019, based on the COSO criteria.
We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB),
the 2019 consolidated financial statements of the Company and our report dated February 3, 2020 expressed an unqualified opinion
thereon.
Basis for Opinion
The Company’s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of
the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Management’s Report on Internal Control over
Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company’s internal control over financial reporting based on our
audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in
accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission
and the PCAOB.
We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit
to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects.
Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness
exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such
other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.
Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting
A company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of
financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles. A company’s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance
of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide
reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with
generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with
authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely
detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial
statements.
Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections
of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in
conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
/s/ Ernst & Young LLP  
  
San Jose, California  
February 3, 2020  
49Table of Contents Alphabet Inc.
Alphabet Inc.
CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS
(In millions, except share amounts which are reflected in thousands, and par value per share amounts)
 As of 
December 31, 2018  As of
December 31, 2019
Assets    
Current assets:    
Cash and cash equivalents $ 16,701 $ 18,498
Marketable securities 92,439 101,177
Total cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities 109,140 119,675
Accounts receivable, net of allowance of $729 and $753 20,838 25,326
Income taxes receivable, net 355 2,166
Inventory 1,107 999
Other current assets 4,236 4,412
Total current assets 135,676 152,578
Non-marketable investments 13,859 13,078
Deferred income taxes 737 721
Property and equipment, net 59,719 73,646
Operating lease assets 0 10,941
Intangible assets, net 2,220 1,979
Goodwill 17,888 20,624
Other non-current assets 2,693 2,342
Total assets $ 232,792 $ 275,909
Liabilities and Stockholders’ Equity    
Current liabilities:    
Accounts payable $ 4,378 $ 5,561
Accrued compensation and benefits 6,839 8,495
Accrued expenses and other current liabilities 16,958 23,067
Accrued revenue share 4,592 5,916
Deferred revenue 1,784 1,908
Income taxes payable, net 69 274
Total current liabilities 34,620 45,221
Long-term debt 4,012 4,554
Deferred revenue, non-current 396 358
Income taxes payable, non-current 11,327 9,885
Deferred income taxes 1,264 1,701
Operating lease liabilities 0 10,214
Other long-term liabilities 3,545 2,534
Total liabilities 55,164 74,467
Commitments and Contingencies (Note 10)  
Stockholders’ equity:    
Convertible preferred stock, $0.001 par value per share, 100,000 shares authorized; no
shares issued and outstanding 0 0
Class A and Class B common stock, and Class C capital stock and additional paid-in
capital, $0.001 par value per share: 15,000,000 shares authorized (Class A 9,000,000,
Class B 3,000,000, Class C 3,000,000); 695,556 (Class A 299,242, Class B 46,636,
Class C 349,678) and 688,335 (Class A 299,828, Class B 46,441, Class C 342,066)
shares issued and outstanding 45,049 50,552
Accumulated other comprehensive loss (2,306) (1,232)
Retained earnings 134,885 152,122
Total stockholders’ equity 177,628 201,442
Total liabilities and stockholders’ equity $ 232,792 $ 275,909
See accompanying notes.
50Table of Contents Alphabet Inc.
Alphabet Inc.
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME
(In millions, except per share amounts)
 Year Ended December 31,
 2017  2018  2019
Revenues $ 110,855 $ 136,819 $ 161,857
Costs and expenses:      
Cost of revenues 45,583 59,549 71,896
Research and development 16,625 21,419 26,018
Sales and marketing 12,893 16,333 18,464
General and administrative 6,840 6,923 9,551
European Commission fines 2,736 5,071 1,697
Total costs and expenses 84,677 109,295 127,626
Income from operations 26,178 27,524 34,231
Other income (expense), net 1,015 7,389 5,394
Income before income taxes 27,193 34,913 39,625
Provision for income taxes 14,531 4,177 5,282
Net income $ 12,662 $ 30,736 $ 34,343
      
Basic net income per share of Class A and B common stock and Class C capital
stock $ 18.27 $ 44.22 $ 49.59
Diluted net income per share of Class A and B common stock and Class C capital
stock $ 18.00 $ 43.70 $ 49.16
See accompanying notes.
51Table of Contents Alphabet Inc.
Alphabet Inc.
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
(In millions)
 Year Ended December 31,
 2017  2018  2019
Net income $ 12,662 $ 30,736 $ 34,343
Other comprehensive income (loss):      
Change in foreign currency translation adjustment 1,543 (781) (119)
Available-for-sale investments:      
Change in net unrealized gains (losses) 307 88 1,611
Less: reclassification adjustment for net (gains) losses included in net
income 105 (911) (111)
Net change (net of tax effect of $0, $156, and $221) 412 (823) 1,500
Cash flow hedges:      
Change in net unrealized gains (losses) (638) 290 22
Less: reclassification adjustment for net (gains) losses included in net
income 93 98 (299)
Net change (net of tax effect of $247, $103, and $42) (545) 388 (277)
Other comprehensive income (loss) 1,410 (1,216) 1,104
Comprehensive income $ 14,072 $ 29,520 $ 35,447
See accompanying notes.
52Table of Contents Alphabet Inc.
Alphabet Inc.
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY
(In millions, except share amounts which are reflected in thousands)
 Class A and Class B
Common Stock, Class C Capital Stock
and
Additional Paid-In Capital  Accumulated
Other
Comprehensive
Income (Loss) Retained
Earnings  Total
Stockholders’
Equity  Shares     Amount     
Balance as of December 31, 2016 691,293 $ 36,307 $ (2,402) $ 105,131 $ 139,036
Cumulative effect of accounting change 0 0 0 (15) (15)
Common and capital stock issued 8,652 212 0 0 212
Stock-based compensation expense 0 7,694 0 0 7,694
Tax withholding related to vesting of
restricted stock units 0 (4,373) 0 0 (4,373)
Repurchases of capital stock (5,162) (315) 0 (4,531) (4,846)
Sale of interest in consolidated entities 0 722 0 0 722
Net income 0 0 0 12,662 12,662
Other comprehensive income (loss) 0 0 1,410 0 1,410
Balance as of December 31, 2017 694,783 40,247 (992) 113,247 152,502
Cumulative effect of accounting change 0 0 (98) (599) (697)
Common and capital stock issued 8,975 148 0 0 148
Stock-based compensation expense 0 9,353 0 0 9,353
Tax withholding related to vesting of
restricted stock units and other 0 (4,782) 0 0 (4,782)
Repurchases of capital stock (8,202) (576) 0 (8,499) (9,075)
Sale of interest in consolidated entities 0 659 0 0 659
Net income 0 0 0 30,736 30,736
Other comprehensive income (loss) 0 0 (1,216) 0 (1,216)
Balance as of December 31, 2018 695,556 45,049 (2,306) 134,885 177,628
Cumulative effect of accounting change 0 0 (30) (4) (34)
Common and capital stock issued 8,120 202 0 0 202
Stock-based compensation expense 0 10,890 0 0 10,890
Tax withholding related to vesting of
restricted stock units and other 0 (4,455) 0 0 (4,455)
Repurchases of capital stock (15,341) (1,294) 0 (17,102) (18,396)
Sale of interest in consolidated entities 0 160 0 0 160
Net income 0 0 0 34,343 34,343
Other comprehensive income (loss) 0 0 1,104 0 1,104
Balance as of December 31, 2019 688,335 $ 50,552 $ (1,232) $ 152,122 $ 201,442
See accompanying notes.
53Table of Contents Alphabet Inc.
Alphabet Inc.
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS
(In millions)
 Year Ended December 31,
 2017  2018  2019
Operating activities      
Net income $ 12,662 $ 30,736 $ 34,343
Adjustments:      
Depreciation and impairment of property and equipment 6,103 8,164 10,856
Amortization and impairment of intangible assets 812 871 925
Stock-based compensation expense 7,679 9,353 10,794
Deferred income taxes 258 778 173
(Gain) loss on debt and equity securities, net 37 (6,650) (2,798)
Other 294 (189) (592)
Changes in assets and liabilities, net of effects of acquisitions:      
Accounts receivable (3,768) (2,169) (4,340)
Income taxes, net 8,211 (2,251) (3,128)
Other assets (2,164) (1,207) (621)
Accounts payable 731 1,067 428
Accrued expenses and other liabilities 4,891 8,614 7,170
Accrued revenue share 955 483 1,273
Deferred revenue 390 371 37
Net cash provided by operating activities 37,091 47,971 54,520
Investing activities      
Purchases of property and equipment (13,184) (25,139) (23,548)
Purchases of marketable securities (92,195) (50,158) (100,315)
Maturities and sales of marketable securities 73,959 48,507 97,825
Purchases of non-marketable investments (1,745) (2,073) (1,932)
Maturities and sales of non-marketable investments 533 1,752 405
Acquisitions, net of cash acquired, and purchases of intangible assets (287) (1,491) (2,515)
Proceeds from collection of notes receivable 1,419 0 0
Other investing activities 99 98 589
Net cash used in investing activities (31,401) (28,504) (29,491)
Financing activities      
Net payments related to stock-based award activities (4,166) (4,993) (4,765)
Repurchases of capital stock (4,846) (9,075) (18,396)
Proceeds from issuance of debt, net of costs 4,291 6,766 317
Repayments of debt (4,377) (6,827) (585)
Proceeds from sale of interest in consolidated entities 800 950 220
Net cash used in financing activities (8,298) (13,179) (23,209)
Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents 405 (302) (23)
Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents (2,203) 5,986 1,797
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period 12,918 10,715 16,701
Cash and cash equivalents at end of period $ 10,715 $ 16,701 $ 18,498
      
Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information      
Cash paid for taxes, net of refunds $ 6,191 $ 5,671 $ 8,203
See accompanying notes.
54Table of Contents Alphabet Inc.
Alphabet Inc.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Note 1. Nature of Operations and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies
Nature of Operations
Google was incorporated in California in September 1998 and re-incorporated in the State of Delaware in August 2003. In 2015, we
implemented a holding company reorganization, and as a result, Alphabet Inc. (Alphabet) became the successor issuer to Google.
We generate revenues primarily by delivering relevant, cost-effective online advertising.
Basis of Consolidation
The consolidated financial statements of Alphabet include the accounts of Alphabet and entities consolidated under the variable
interest and voting models. Noncontrolling interests are not presented separately as the amounts are not material. All intercompany
balances and transactions have been eliminated.
Use of Estimates
Preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States
(GAAP) requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported and disclosed in the financial statements and the
accompanying notes. Actual results could differ materially from these estimates. On an ongoing basis, we evaluate our estimates, including
those related to the bad debt allowance, sales allowances, fair values of financial instruments, intangible assets and goodwill, useful lives of
intangible assets and property and equipment, income taxes, and contingent liabilities, among others. We base our estimates on
assumptions, both historical and forward looking, that are believed to be reasonable, the results of which form the basis for making
judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities.
Revenue Recognition
We recognize revenues when we transfer control of promised goods or services to our customers in an amount that reflects the
consideration to which we expect to be entitled to in exchange for those goods or services.
See Note 2 for further discussion on Revenues.
Cost of Revenues
Cost of revenues consists of TAC and other costs of revenues.
TAC represents the amounts paid to Google Network Members primarily for ads displayed on their properties and amounts paid to our
distribution partners who make available our search access points and services. Our distribution partners include browser providers, mobile
carriers, original equipment manufacturers, and software developers.
Other cost of revenues (which is the cost of revenues excluding TAC) includes the following:
•Content acquisition costs primarily related to payments to content providers from whom we license video and other content for
distribution on YouTube and Google Play (we pay fees to these content providers based on revenues generated or a flat fee);
•Expenses associated with our data centers and other operations (including bandwidth, compensation expense (including SBC),
depreciation, energy, and other equipment costs); and
•Inventory related costs for hardware we sell.
Stock-based Compensation
Stock-based compensation primarily consists of Alphabet restricted stock units (RSUs). RSUs are equity classified and measured at
the fair market value of the underlying stock at the grant date. We recognize RSU expense using the straight-line attribution method over
the requisite service period and account for forfeitures as they occur.
For RSUs, shares are issued on the vesting dates net of the applicable statutory tax withholding to be paid by us on behalf of our
employees. As a result, fewer shares are issued than the number of RSUs outstanding and the tax withholding is recorded as a reduction to
additional paid-in capital.
Additionally, stock-based compensation includes stock-based awards, such as performance stock units (PSUs) and awards that may
be settled in cash or the stock of certain of our Other Bets. PSUs are equity classified and expense is recognized over the requisite service
period. Awards that are liability classified are remeasured at fair value through
55Table of Contents Alphabet Inc.
settlement or maturity (six months and one day after vesting). The fair value of such awards is based on the equity valuation of the
respective Other Bet.
Performance Fees
We have compensation arrangements with payouts based on realized investment returns. We recognize compensation expense
based on the estimated payouts, which may result in expense recognized before investment returns are realized. Performance fees, which
are primarily related to gains on equity securities, are recorded as a component of other income (expense), net.
Certain Risks and Concentrations
Our revenues are primarily derived from online advertising, the market for which is highly competitive and rapidly changing. In
addition, our revenues are generated from a multitude of markets in countries around the world. Significant changes in this industry or
changes in customer buying or advertiser spending behavior could adversely affect our operating results.
No individual customer or groups of affiliated customers represented more than 10% of our revenues in 2017, 2018, or 2019. In 2017,
2018, and 2019, we generated approximately 47%, 46%, and 46% of our revenues, respectively, from customers based in the U.S.
We are subject to concentrations of credit risk principally from cash and cash equivalents, marketable securities, foreign exchange
contracts, and accounts receivable. We manage our credit risk exposure through timely assessment of our counterparty creditworthiness,
credit limits and use of collateral management.
Cash equivalents and marketable securities consist primarily of time deposits, money market and other funds, highly liquid debt
instruments of the U.S. government and its agencies, debt instruments issued by foreign governments, debt instruments issued by
municipalities in the U.S., corporate debt securities, mortgage-backed securities, and asset-backed securities. Foreign exchange contracts
are transacted with various financial institutions with high credit standing. Accounts receivable are typically unsecured and are derived from
revenues earned from customers located around the world. We perform ongoing evaluations to determine customer credit and we limit the
amount of credit we extend. We generally do not require collateral from our customers. We maintain reserves for estimated credit losses
and these losses have generally been within our expectations.
Fair Value of Financial Instruments
Our financial assets and liabilities that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis include cash equivalents, marketable securities,
derivative contracts, and non-marketable debt securities. Our financial assets measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis include non-
marketable equity securities, which are adjusted to fair value when observable price changes are identified or when the non-marketable
equity securities are impaired (referred to as the measurement alternative). Other financial assets and liabilities are carried at cost with fair
value disclosed, if required.
Fair value is an exit price, representing the amount that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly
transaction between market participants. As such, fair value is a market-based measurement that is determined based on assumptions that
market participants would use in pricing an asset or a liability. Assets and liabilities recorded at fair value are measured and classified in
accordance with a three-tier fair value hierarchy based on the observability of the inputs available in the market used to measure fair value:
Level 1 - Observable inputs that reflect quoted prices (unadjusted) for identical assets or liabilities in active markets.
Level 2 - Inputs that are based upon quoted prices for similar instruments in active markets, quoted prices for identical or similar
instruments in markets that are not active, and model-based valuation techniques for which all significant inputs are observable in the
market or can be derived from observable market data. Where applicable, these models project future cash flows and discount the
future amounts to a present value using market-based observable inputs including interest rate curves, foreign exchange rates, and
credit ratings.
Level 3 - Unobservable inputs that are supported by little or no market activities.
The fair value hierarchy requires an entity to maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs
when measuring fair value.
Cash, Cash Equivalents, and Marketable Securities
We invest all excess cash primarily in government bonds, corporate debt securities, mortgage-backed and asset-backed securities,
time deposits, and money market funds.
56Table of Contents Alphabet Inc.
We classify all marketable investments that have stated maturities of three months or less from the date of purchase as cash
equivalents and those with stated maturities of greater than three months as marketable securities.
We determine the appropriate classification of our investments in marketable securities at the time of purchase and reevaluate such
designation at each balance sheet date. We have classified and accounted for our marketable debt securities as available-for-sale. After
consideration of our risk versus reward objectives, as well as our liquidity requirements, we may sell these debt securities prior to their
stated maturities. As we view these securities as available to support current operations, we classify highly liquid securities with maturities
beyond 12 months as current assets under the caption marketable securities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. We carry these
securities at fair value, and report the unrealized gains and losses, net of taxes, as a component of stockholders’ equity, except for
unrealized losses determined to be other-than-temporary, which we record within other income (expense), net. We determine any realized
gains or losses on the sale of marketable debt securities on a specific identification method, and we record such gains and losses as a
component of other income (expense), net.
Non-Marketable Investments
We account for non-marketable equity investments through which we exercise significant influence but do not have control over the
investee under the equity method. Our non-marketable equity securities not accounted for under the equity method are primarily accounted
for under the measurement alternative in accordance with Accounting Standards Update No. 2016-01, which we adopted on January 1,
2018. Under the measurement alternative, the carrying value of our non-marketable equity investments is adjusted to fair value for
observable transactions for identical or similar investments of the same issuer or impairment. Adjustments are determined primarily based
on a market approach as of the transaction date.
We account for our non-marketable investments that meet the definition of a debt security as available-for-sale securities.
We classify our non-marketable investments that do not have stated contractual maturity dates, as non-current assets on the
Consolidated Balance Sheets.
Impairment of Investments
We periodically review our debt and equity investments for impairment. For debt securities we consider the duration, severity and the
reason for the decline in security value; whether it is more likely than not that we will be required to sell the security before recovery of its
amortized cost basis; or if the amortized cost basis cannot be recovered as a result of credit losses. If any impairment is considered other-
than-temporary, we will write down the security to its fair value and record the corresponding charge as other income (expense), net. For
equity securities we consider impairment indicators such as negative changes in industry and market conditions, financial performance,
business prospects, and other relevant events and factors. If indicators exist and the fair value of the security is below the carrying amount,
we write down the security to fair value.
Variable Interest Entities
We determine at the inception of each arrangement whether an entity in which we have made an investment or in which we have
other variable interests in is considered a variable interest entity (VIE). We consolidate VIEs when we are the primary beneficiary. The
primary beneficiary of a VIE is the party that meets both of the following criteria: (1) has the power to make decisions that most significantly
affect the economic performance of the VIE; and (2) has the obligation to absorb losses or the right to receive benefits that in either case
could potentially be significant to the VIE. Periodically, we assess whether any changes in our interest or relationship with the entity affect
our determination of whether the entity is still a VIE and, if so, whether we are the primary beneficiary. If we are not the primary beneficiary
in a VIE, we account for the investment or other variable interests in a VIE in accordance with applicable GAAP.
Accounts Receivable
We record accounts receivable at the invoiced amount. We maintain an allowance for doubtful accounts to reserve for potentially
uncollectible receivables. We review the accounts receivable by amounts due from customers that are past due to identify specific
customers with known disputes or collectability issues. In determining the amount of the reserve, we make judgments about the
creditworthiness of significant customers based on ongoing credit evaluations.
Our payment terms vary by the type and location of our customer and the products or services offered. The term between invoicing
and when payment is due is not significant. For certain products or services and customer types, we require payment before the products or
services are delivered to the customer.
57Table of Contents Alphabet Inc.
Leases
We determine if an arrangement is a lease at inception. Our lease agreements generally contain lease and non-lease components.
Payments under our lease arrangements are primarily fixed. Non-lease components primarily include payments for maintenance and
utilities. We combine fixed payments for non-lease components with lease payments and account for them together as a single lease
component which increases the amount of our lease assets and liabilities.
Certain lease agreements contain variable payments, which are expensed as incurred and not included in the lease assets and
liabilities. These amounts include payments affected by the Consumer Price Index, payments contingent on wind or solar production for
power purchase arrangements, and payments for maintenance and utilities.
Lease assets and liabilities are recognized at the present value of the future lease payments at the lease commencement date. The
interest rate used to determine the present value of the future lease payments is our incremental borrowing rate, because the interest rate
implicit in our leases is not readily determinable. Our incremental borrowing rate is estimated to approximate the interest rate on a
collateralized basis with similar terms and payments, and in economic environments where the leased asset is located. Our lease terms
include periods under options to extend or terminate the lease when it is reasonably certain that we will exercise that option. We generally
use the base, non-cancelable, lease term when determining the lease assets and liabilities. Lease assets also include any prepaid lease
payments and lease incentives.
Operating lease assets and liabilities are included on our Consolidated Balance Sheet beginning January 1, 2019. The current portion
of our operating lease liabilities is included in accrued expenses and other current liabilities and the long term portion is included in
operating lease liabilities. Finance lease assets are included in property and equipment, net. Finance lease liabilities are included in
accrued expenses and other current liabilities or long-term debt.
Operating lease expense is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term.
Property and Equipment
Property and equipment includes the following categories: land and buildings, information technology assets, construction in progress,
leasehold improvements, and furniture and fixtures. Land and buildings include land, offices, data centers and related building
improvements. Information technology assets include servers and network equipment. We account for property and equipment at cost less
accumulated depreciation. We compute depreciation using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets. We
depreciate buildings over periods of seven to 25 years. We depreciate information technology assets generally over periods of three to five
years (specifically, three years for servers and three to five years for network equipment).
We depreciate leasehold improvements over the shorter of the remaining lease term or the estimated useful lives of the assets.
Construction in progress is the construction or development of property and equipment that have not yet been placed in service for our
intended use. Depreciation for equipment, buildings, and leasehold improvements commences once they are ready for our intended use.
Land is not depreciated.
Inventory
Inventory consists primarily of finished goods and is stated at the lower of cost and net realizable value. Cost is computed using the
first-in, first-out method.
Software Development Costs
We expense software development costs, including costs to develop software products or the software component of products to be
sold, leased, or marketed to external users, before technological feasibility is reached. Technological feasibility is typically reached shortly
before the release of such products and as a result, development costs that meet the criteria for capitalization were not material for the
periods presented.
Software development costs also include costs to develop software to be used solely to meet internal needs and cloud based
applications used to deliver our services. We capitalize development costs related to these software applications once the preliminary
project stage is complete and it is probable that the project will be completed and the software will be used to perform the function intended.
Costs capitalized for developing such software applications were not material for the periods presented.
Business Combinations
We include the results of operations of the businesses that we acquire as of the acquisition date. We allocate the purchase price of the
acquisitions to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on their estimated fair
58Table of Contents Alphabet Inc.
values. The excess of the purchase price over the fair values of identifiable assets and liabilities is recorded as goodwill. Acquisition-related
expenses are recognized separately from the business combination and are expensed as incurred.
Long-Lived Assets, Goodwill and Other Acquired Intangible Assets
We review property and equipment, long-term prepayments and intangible assets, excluding goodwill, for impairment when events or
changes in circumstances indicate the carrying amount may not be recoverable. We measure recoverability of these assets by comparing
the carrying amounts to the future undiscounted cash flows that the assets or the asset group are expected to generate. If the carrying
value of the assets are not recoverable, the impairment recognized is measured as the amount by which the carrying value of the asset
exceeds its fair value. Impairments were not material for the periods presented.
We allocate goodwill to reporting units based on the expected benefit from the business combination. We evaluate our reporting units
when changes in our operating structure occur, and if necessary, reassign goodwill using a relative fair value allocation approach. We test
our goodwill for impairment at least annually, or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that the asset may be
impaired. Goodwill impairments were not material for the periods presented.
Intangible assets with definite lives are amortized over their estimated useful lives. We amortize intangible assets on a straight-line
basis with definite lives generally over periods ranging from one to twelve years.
Income Taxes
We account for income taxes using the asset and liability method, under which we recognize the amount of taxes payable or
refundable for the current year and deferred tax assets and liabilities for the future tax consequences of events that have been recognized
in our financial statements or tax returns. We measure current and deferred tax assets and liabilities based on provisions of enacted tax
law. We evaluate the realization of our deferred tax assets based on all available evidence and establish a valuation allowance to reduce
deferred tax assets when it is more likely than not that they will not be realized.
We recognize the financial statement effects of a tax position when it is more likely than not that, based on technical merits, the
position will be sustained upon examination. The tax benefits of the position recognized in the financial statements are then measured
based on the largest amount of benefit that is greater than 50% likely to be realized upon settlement with a taxing authority. In addition, we
recognize interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits as a component of the income tax provision.
Foreign Currency
Generally, the functional currency of our international subsidiaries is the local currency. We translate the financial statements of these
subsidiaries to U.S. dollars using month-end exchange rates for assets and liabilities, and average rates for the annual period derived from
month-end exchange rates for revenues, costs, and expenses. We record translation gains and losses in accumulated other comprehensive
income (AOCI) as a component of stockholders’ equity. We reflect net foreign exchange transaction gains and losses resulting from the
conversion of the transaction currency to functional currency as a component of foreign currency exchange gain (loss) in other income
(expense), net.
Advertising and Promotional Expenses
We expense advertising and promotional costs in the period in which they are incurred. For the years ended December 31,
2017, 2018 and 2019, advertising and promotional expenses totaled approximately $5.1 billion, $6.4 billion, and $6.8 billion, respectively.
Recent Accounting Pronouncements
Recently issued accounting pronouncements not yet adopted
In June 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2016-13 (ASU 2016-13)
"Financial Instruments-Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments", which requires the
measurement and recognition of expected credit losses for financial assets held at amortized cost. ASU 2016-13 replaces the existing
incurred loss impairment model with an expected loss model which requires the use of forward-looking information to calculate credit loss
estimates. It also eliminates the concept of other-than-temporary impairment and requires credit losses related to available-for-sale debt
securities to be recorded through an allowance for credit losses rather than as a reduction in the amortized cost basis of the securities.
These changes will result in earlier recognition of credit losses. We will adopt ASU 2016-13 effective January 1, 2020 with the cumulative
effect of adoption recorded as an adjustment to retained earnings. The effect on our consolidated financial statements and related
disclosures is not expected to be material.
59Table of Contents Alphabet Inc.
Recently adopted accounting pronouncements
In February 2016, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2016-02 (Topic 842) "Leases." Topic 842 supersedes the lease
requirements in Accounting Standards Codification Topic 840, "Leases." Under Topic 842, lessees are required to recognize assets and
liabilities on the balance sheet for most leases and provide enhanced disclosures. Leases continue to be classified as either finance or
operating. We adopted Topic 842 effective January 1, 2019. The most significant effects of Topic 842 were the recognition of $8.0 billion of
operating lease assets and $8.4 billion of operating lease liabilities and the de-recognition of $1.5 billion of build-to-suit assets and liabilities
upon adoption. We applied Topic 842 to all leases as of January 1, 2019 with comparative periods continuing to be reported under Topic
840. In the adoption of Topic 842, we carried forward the assessment from Topic 840 of whether our contracts contain or are leases, the
classification of our leases, and remaining lease terms. Our accounting for finance leases remains substantially unchanged. The standard
did not have a significant effect on our consolidated results of operations or cash flows. See Note 4 for further details.
Prior Period Reclassifications
Certain amounts in prior periods have been reclassified to conform with current period presentation. Hedging gains (losses), which
were previously included in Google revenues, are now reported separately as a component of total revenues for all periods presented. See
Note 2 for further details.
Additionally, performance fees have been reclassified for all periods from general and administrative expenses to other income
(expense), net to align with the presentation of the investment gains and losses on which the performance fees are based. See Note 7 for
further details.
Note 2. Revenues
Revenue Recognition
Revenues are recognized when control of the promised goods or services is transferred to our customers, in an amount that we expect
in exchange for those goods or services. Sales and other similar taxes are excluded from revenues.
The following table presents our revenues disaggregated by type (in millions). Certain amounts in prior periods have been reclassified
to conform with current period presentation.
 Year Ended December 31,
 2017  2018  2019
Google Search & other $ 69,811 $ 85,296 $ 98,115
YouTube ads(1)8,150 11,155 15,149
Google properties 77,961 96,451 113,264
Google Network Members' properties 17,616 20,010 21,547
Google advertising 95,577 116,461 134,811
Google Cloud 4,056 5,838 8,918
Google other(1)10,914 14,063 17,014
Google revenues 110,547 136,362 160,743
Other Bets revenues 477 595 659
Hedging gains (losses) (169) (138) 455
Total revenues $ 110,855 $ 136,819 $ 161,857
(1) YouTube non-advertising revenues are included in Google other revenues.
60Table of Contents Alphabet Inc.
The following table presents our revenues disaggregated by geography, based on the addresses of our customers (in millions):
 Year Ended December 31,
 2017  2018  2019
United States $ 52,449 47% $ 63,269 46% $ 74,843 46%
EMEA(1)36,236 33 44,739 33 50,645 31
APAC(1)16,192 15 21,341 15 26,928 17
Other Americas(1)6,147 5 7,608 6 8,986 6
Hedging gains (losses) (169) 0 (138) 0 455 0
Total revenues $ 110,855 100% $ 136,819 100% $ 161,857 100%
(1) Regions represent Europe, the Middle East, and Africa (EMEA); Asia-Pacific (AP AC); and Canada and Latin America (Other Americas).
Advertising Revenues
We generate advertising revenues primarily by delivering advertising on Google properties, including Google.com, the Google Search
app, YouTube, Google Play, Gmail and Google Maps; and Google Network Members’ properties.
Our customers generally purchase advertising inventory through Google Ads, Google Ad Manager as part of the Authorized Buyers
marketplace, and Google Marketing Platform, among others.
We offer advertising on a click, impression or view basis. We recognize revenue each time a user clicks on the ad, when the ad is
displayed or a user views the ad.
For ads placed on Google Network Members’ properties, we evaluate whether we are the principal (i.e., report revenues on a gross
basis) or agent (i.e., report revenues on a net basis). Generally, we report advertising revenues for ads placed on Google Network
Members’ properties on a gross basis, that is, the amounts billed to our customers are recorded as revenues, and amounts paid to Google
Network Members are recorded as cost of revenues. Where we are the principal, we control the advertising inventory before it is transferred
to our customers. Our control is evidenced by our sole ability to monetize the advertising inventory before it is transferred to our customers,
and is further supported by us being primarily responsible to our customers and having a level of discretion in establishing pricing.
Google Cloud Revenues
Google Cloud revenues consist primarily of revenues from Google Cloud Platform (which includes infrastructure and data and
analytics platform products, and other services), G Suite productivity tools and other enterprise cloud services. Our cloud revenues are
provided on either a consumption or subscription basis. Revenue related to cloud services provided on a consumption basis is recognized
when the customer utilizes the services, based on the quantity of services consumed. Revenue related to cloud services provided on a
subscription basis is recognized ratably over the contract term as the customer receives and consumes the benefits of the cloud services.
Other Revenues
Google other revenues and Other Bets revenues consist primarily of revenues from:
•Google Play, which includes revenues from sale of apps and in-app purchases (which we recognize net of payout to developers)
and digital content sold in the Google Play store;
•hardware, including Google Nest home products, Pixelbooks, Pixel phones and other devices;
•YouTube non-advertising including, YouTube premium and YouTube TV subscriptions and other services; and
•other products and services.
As it relates to Google other revenues, the most significant judgment is determining whether we are the principal or agent for app sales
and in-app purchases through the Google Play store. We report revenues from these transactions on a net basis because our performance
obligation is to facilitate a transaction between app developers and end users, for which we earn a commission. Consequently, the portion
of the gross amount billed to end users that is remitted to app developers is not reflected as revenues.
Arrangements with Multiple Performance Obligations
Our contracts with customers may include multiple performance obligations. For such arrangements, we allocate revenues to each
performance obligation based on its relative standalone selling price. We generally determine standalone selling prices based on the prices
charged to customers or using expected cost plus margin.
61Table of Contents Alphabet Inc.
Customer Incentives and Credits
Certain customers receive cash-based incentives or credits, which are accounted for as variable consideration. We estimate these
amounts based on the expected amount to be provided to customers and reduce revenues. We believe that there will not be significant
changes to our estimates of variable consideration.
Deferred Revenues
We record deferred revenues when cash payments are received or due in advance of our performance, including amounts which are
refundable. The increase in the deferred revenue balance for the year ended December 31, 2019 was primarily driven by cash payments
received or due in advance of satisfying our performance obligations, offset by $1.7 billion of revenues recognized that were included in the
deferred revenue balance as of December 31, 2018.
Additionally, we have performance obligations associated with commitments in customer contracts, primarily related to Google Cloud,
for future services that have not yet been recognized in revenue. This includes related deferred revenue currently recorded and amounts
that will be invoiced in future periods. As of December 31, 2019, the amount not yet recognized in revenue from these commitments is
$11.4 billion, which reflects our assessment of relevant contract terms. This amount excludes contracts (i) with an original expected length
of one year or less and (ii) contracts for which we recognize revenue at the amount to which we have the right to invoice for services
performed. We expect to recognize approximately two thirds over the next 24 months with the remaining thereafter. However, the amount
and timing of revenue recognition is largely driven by customer utilization, which could impact our estimate of the remaining amount of
commitments and when we expect to recognize such revenues.
Sales Commissions
We generally expense sales commissions when incurred because the amortization period would have been one year or less. These
costs are recorded within sales and marketing expenses.
Note 3. Financial Instruments
Debt Securities
We classify our marketable debt securities within Level 2 in the fair value hierarchy because we use quoted market prices to the extent
available or alternative pricing sources and models utilizing market observable inputs to determine fair value.
 The following tables summarize our debt securities by significant investment categories as of December 31, 2018 and 2019 (in
millions):
 As of December 31, 2018
 Adjusted
Cost  Gross
Unrealized
Gains  Gross
Unrealized
Losses  Fair
Value  Cash and
Cash
Equivalents Marketable
Securities
Level 2:            
Time deposits(1)$ 2,202 $ 0 $ 0 $ 2,202 $ 2,202 $ 0
Government bonds 53,634 71 (414) 53,291 3,717 49,574
Corporate debt securities 25,383 15 (316) 25,082 44 25,038
Mortgage-backed and asset-backed securities 16,918 11 (324) 16,605 0 16,605
Total $98,137 $ 97 $(1,054) $97,180 $ 5,963 $91,217
62Table of Contents Alphabet Inc.
 As of December 31, 2019
 Adjusted
Cost  Gross
Unrealized
Gains  Gross
Unrealized
Losses  Fair
Value  Cash and
Cash
Equivalents Marketable
Securities
Level 2:            
Time deposits(1)$ 2,294 $ 0 $ 0 $ 2,294 $ 2,294 $ 0
Government bonds 55,033 434 (30) 55,437 4,518 50,919
Corporate debt securities 27,164 337 (3) 27,498 44 27,454
Mortgage-backed and asset-backed securities 19,453 96 (41) 19,508 0 19,508
Total $103,944 $ 867 $ (74) $104,737 $ 6,856 $97,881
(1) The majority of our time deposits are domestic deposits.
We determine realized gains or losses on the sale or extinguishment of debt securities on a specific identification method. We
recognized gross realized gains of $185 million, $1.3 billion, and $292 million for the years ended December 31, 2017, 2018, and 2019,
respectively. We recognized gross realized losses of $295 million, $143 million, and $143 million for the years ended December 31, 2017,
2018, and 2019, respectively. We reflect these gains and losses as a component of other income (expense), net, in the Consolidated
Statements of Income.
The following table summarizes the estimated fair value of our investments in marketable debt securities with stated contractual
maturity dates, accounted for as available-for-sale securities and classified by the contractual maturity date of the securities (in millions):
 As of
December 31, 2019
Due in 1 year $ 20,392
Due in 1 year through 5 years 63,151
Due in 5 years through 10 years 2,671
Due after 10 years 11,667
Total $ 97,881
The following tables present gross unrealized losses and fair values for those investments that were in an unrealized loss position as
of December 31, 2018 and 2019, aggregated by investment category and the length of time that individual securities have been in a
continuous loss position (in millions):
 As of December 31, 2018
 Less than 12 Months  12 Months or Greater  Total
 Fair Value  Unrealized
Loss  Fair Value  Unrealized
Loss  Fair Value  Unrealized
Loss
Government bonds $ 12,019 $ (85) $ 23,877 $ (329) $ 35,896 $ (414)
Corporate debt securities 10,171 (107) 11,545 (209) 21,716 (316)
Mortgage-backed and asset-backed
securities 5,534 (75) 8,519 (249) 14,053 (324)
Total $ 27,724 $ (267) $ 43,941 $ (787) $ 71,665 $ (1,054)
 As of December 31, 2019
 Less than 12 Months  12 Months or Greater  Total
 Fair Value  Unrealized
Loss  Fair Value  Unrealized
Loss  Fair Value  Unrealized
Loss
Government bonds $ 6,752 $ (20) $ 4,590 $ (10) $ 11,342 $ (30)
Corporate debt securities 1,665 (2) 978 (1) 2,643 (3)
Mortgage-backed and asset-backed
securities 4,536 (13) 2,835 (28) 7,371 (41)
Total $ 12,953 $ (35) $ 8,403 $ (39) $ 21,356 $ (74)
63Table of Contents Alphabet Inc.
During the years ended December 31, 2017, 2018 and 2019, we did not recognize any significant other-than-temporary impairment
losses.
Equity Investments
The following discusses our marketable equity securities, non-marketable equity securities, gains and losses on marketable and non-
marketable equity securities, as well as our equity securities accounted for under the equity method.
Our marketable equity securities are publicly traded stocks or funds measured at fair value and classified within Level 1 and 2 in the
fair value hierarchy because we use quoted prices for identical assets in active markets or inputs that are based upon quoted prices for
similar instruments in active markets. All gains and losses on marketable equity securities, realized and unrealized, are recognized in other
income (expense), net.
Our non-marketable equity securities are investments in privately held companies without readily determinable market values. The
carrying value of our non-marketable equity securities is adjusted to fair value for observable transactions for identical or similar
investments of the same issuer or impairment (referred to as the measurement alternative). All gains and losses on non-marketable equity
securities, realized and unrealized, are recognized in other income (expense), net. Non-marketable equity securities that have been
remeasured during the period are classified within Level 2 or Level 3 in the fair value hierarchy because we estimate the value based on
valuation methods using the observable transaction price at the transaction date and other unobservable inputs including volatility, rights,
and obligations of the securities we hold.
Gains and losses on marketable and non-marketable equity securities
Gains and losses reflected in other income (expense), net, for our marketable and non-marketable equity securities are summarized
below (in millions):
 Year Ended December 31,
 2018  2019
Net gain (loss) on equity securities sold during the period $ 1,458 $ (301)
Net unrealized gain (loss) on equity securities held as of the end of the period(1)4,002 2,950
Total gain (loss) recognized in other income (expense), net $ 5,460 $ 2,649
(1) Includes net gains of $4.1 billion  and $1.8 billion  related to non-marketable equity securities for the years ended December 31, 2018  and 2019 ,
respectively .
In the table above, net gain (loss) on equity securities sold during the period reflects the difference between the sale proceeds and the
carrying value of the equity securities at the beginning of the period or the purchase date, if later. 
Cumulative net gains on equity securities sold during the period, which is summarized in the following table (in millions), represents the
total net gains (losses) recognized after the initial purchase date of the equity security. While these net gains may have been reflected in
periods prior to the period of sale, we believe they are important supplemental information as they reflect the economic realized gain on the
securities sold during the period. Cumulative net gains is calculated as the difference between the sale price and the initial purchase price
for the equity security sold during the period.
 Equity Securities Sold During the Year Ended
December 31,
 2018  2019
Total sale price $ 1,965 $ 3,134
Total initial cost 515 858
Cumulative net gains $ 1,450 $ 2,276
64Table of Contents Alphabet Inc.
Carrying value of marketable and non-marketable equity securities
The carrying value is measured as the total initial cost plus the cumulative net gain (loss). The carrying values for our marketable and
non-marketable equity securities are summarized below (in millions):
 As of December 31, 2018
 Marketable Securities Non-Marketable
Securities  Total
Total initial cost $ 1,168 $ 8,168 $ 9,336
Cumulative net gain(1)54 4,107 4,161
Carrying value $ 1,222 $ 12,275 $ 13,497
(1) Non-marketable securities cumulative net gain is comprised of $4.3 billion  unrealized gains and $178 million  unrealized losses (including impairment).
 As of December 31, 2019
 Marketable Securities Non-Marketable
Securities  Total
Total initial cost $ 1,935 $ 8,297 $ 10,232
Cumulative net gain(1)1,361 3,056 4,417
Carrying value $ 3,296 $ 11,353 $ 14,649
(1) Non-marketable securities cumulative net gain is comprised of $3.5 billion  unrealized gains and $445 million  unrealized losses (including impairment).
Marketable equity securities
The following table summarizes marketable equity securities measured at fair value by significant investment categories as of
December 31, 2018 and 2019 (in millions):
  As of December 31, 2018  As of December 31, 2019
  Cash and Cash
Equivalents  Marketable
Securities  Cash and Cash
Equivalents  Marketable
Securities
Level 1:         
Money market funds  $ 3,493 $ 0 $ 4,604 $ 0
Marketable equity securities(1) 0 994 0 3,046
  3,493 994 4,604 3,046
Level 2:         
Mutual funds  0 228 0 250
Total  $ 3,493 $ 1,222 $ 4,604 $ 3,296
(1) The balance as of December 31, 2019  includes investments that were reclassified from non-marketable equity securities following the initial public
offering of the issuers.
Non-marketable equity securities
The following is a summary of unrealized gains and losses recorded in other income (expense), net, and included as adjustments to
the carrying value of non-marketable equity securities (in millions):
 Year Ended December 31,
 2018  2019
Unrealized gains $ 4,285 $ 2,163
Unrealized losses (including impairment) (178) (372)
Total unrealized gain (loss) for non-marketable equity securities $ 4,107 $ 1,791
During the year ended December 31, 2019, included in the $11.4 billion of non-marketable equity securities, $7.6 billion were
measured at fair value primarily based on observable market transactions, resulting in a net unrealized gain of $1.8 billion.
65Table of Contents Alphabet Inc.
Equity securities accounted for under the Equity Method
Equity securities accounted for under the equity method had a carrying value of approximately $1.3 billion as of December 31, 2018
and 2019. Our share of gains and losses including impairment are included as a component of other income (expense), net, in the
Consolidated Statements of Income. See Note 7 for further details on other income (expense), net.
Derivative Financial Instruments
We classify our foreign currency and interest rate derivative contracts primarily within Level 2 in the fair value hierarchy as the
valuation inputs are based on quoted prices and market observable data of similar instruments.
We recognize derivative instruments as either assets or liabilities in the Consolidated Balance Sheets at fair value. We record changes
in the fair value (i.e., gains or losses) of the derivatives in the Consolidated Statements of Income as either other income (expense), net, or
revenues, or in the Consolidated Balance Sheets in AOCI, as discussed below. Any components excluded from the assessment of hedge
effectiveness are recognized in the same income statement line as the hedged item.
We enter into foreign currency contracts with financial institutions to reduce the risk that our cash flows, earnings, and investment in
foreign subsidiaries will be adversely affected by foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations. We also use interest rate derivative contracts
to hedge interest rate exposures on our fixed income securities and debt issuances. Our program is not used for trading or speculative
purposes.
We enter into master netting arrangements, which reduce credit risk by permitting net settlement of transactions with the same
counterparty. To further reduce credit risk, we enter into collateral security arrangements under which the counterparty is required to provide
collateral when the net fair value of certain financial instruments fluctuates from contractually established thresholds. We can take
possession of the collateral in the event of counterparty default. As of December 31, 2018 and 2019, we received cash collateral related to
the derivative instruments under our collateral security arrangements of $327 million and $252 million, respectively, which was included in
other current assets.
Cash Flow Hedges
We use foreign currency forwards and option contracts, including collars (an option strategy comprised of a combination of purchased
and written options), designated as cash flow hedges to hedge certain forecasted revenue transactions denominated in currencies other
than the U.S. dollar. The notional principal of these contracts was approximately $11.8 billion and $13.2 billion as of December 31, 2018
and 2019, respectively. These contracts have maturities of 24 months or less.
For forwards and option contracts, we exclude the change in the forward points and time value from our assessment of hedge
effectiveness. The initial value of the excluded component is amortized on a straight-line basis over the life of the hedging instrument and
recognized in revenues. The difference between fair value changes of the excluded component and the amount amortized to revenues is
recorded in AOCI. We reflect the gains or losses of a cash flow hedge included in our hedge effective assessment as a component of AOCI
and subsequently reclassify these gains and losses to revenues when the hedged transactions are recorded. If the hedged transactions
become probable of not occurring, the corresponding amounts in AOCI are immediately reclassified to other income (expense), net.
As of December 31, 2019, the net accumulated loss on our foreign currency cash flow hedges before tax effect was $82 million, of
which $82 million is expected to be reclassified from AOCI into earnings within the next 12 months.
Fair Value Hedges
We use forward contracts designated as fair value hedges to hedge foreign currency risks for our investments denominated in
currencies other than the U.S. dollar. We exclude changes in forward points for the forward contracts from the assessment of hedge
effectiveness. We recognize changes in the excluded component in other income (expense), net. The notional principal of these contracts
was $2.0 billion and $455 million as of December 31, 2018 and 2019, respectively.
Gains and losses on these forward contracts are recognized in other income (expense), net, along with the offsetting gains and losses
of the related hedged items.
Net Investment Hedges
We use forward contracts designated as net investment hedges to hedge the foreign currency risks related to our investment in
foreign subsidiaries. We exclude changes in forward points for the forward contracts from the assessment of hedge effectiveness. We
recognize changes in the excluded component in other income (expense),
66Table of Contents Alphabet Inc.
net. The notional principal of these contracts was $6.7 billion and $9.3 billion as of December 31, 2018 and 2019, respectively.
Gains and losses on these forward contracts are recognized in AOCI as part of the foreign currency translation adjustment.
Other Derivatives
Other derivatives not designated as hedging instruments consist of foreign currency forward contracts that we use to hedge
intercompany transactions and other monetary assets or liabilities denominated in currencies other than the local currency of a subsidiary.
We recognize gains and losses on these contracts, as well as the related costs in other income (expense), net, along with the foreign
currency gains and losses on monetary assets and liabilities. The notional principal of the outstanding foreign exchange contracts was
$20.1 billion and $43.5 billion as of December 31, 2018 and 2019, respectively.
The fair values of our outstanding derivative instruments were as follows (in millions):
    As of December 31, 2018
   Balance Sheet Location  Fair Value of
Derivatives
Designated as
Hedging Instruments  Fair Value of
Derivatives Not
Designated as
Hedging Instruments  Total Fair
Value
Derivative Assets:         
Level 2:         
Foreign exchange contracts
 Other current and non-current
assets  $ 459 $ 54 $ 513
Total    $ 459 $ 54 $ 513
Derivative Liabilities:         
Level 2:         
Foreign exchange contracts
 Accrued expenses and other
liabilities, current and non-
current  $ 5 $ 228 $ 233
Total    $ 5 $ 228 $ 233
    As of December 31, 2019
   Balance Sheet Location  Fair Value of
Derivatives
Designated as
Hedging Instruments  Fair Value of
Derivatives Not
Designated as
Hedging Instruments  Total Fair
Value
Derivative Assets:         
Level 2:         
Foreign exchange contracts
 Other current and non-current
assets  $ 91 $ 253 $ 344
Total    $ 91 $ 253 $ 344
Derivative Liabilities:         
Level 2:         
Foreign exchange contracts
 Accrued expenses and other
liabilities, current and non-
current  $ 173 $ 196 $ 369
Total    $ 173 $ 196 $ 369
67Table of Contents Alphabet Inc.
The gains (losses) on derivatives in cash flow hedging and net investment hedging relationships recognized in other comprehensive
income (OCI) are summarized below (in millions):
  Gains (Losses) Recognized in OCI
on Derivatives Before Tax Effect
  Year Ended December 31,
  2017  2018  2019
Derivatives in Cash Flow Hedging Relationship:       
Foreign exchange contracts       
Amount included in the assessment of effectiveness  $ (955) $ 332 $ 38
Amount excluded from the assessment of effectiveness  0 26 (14)
Derivatives in Net Investment Hedging Relationship:       
Foreign exchange contracts       
Amount included in the assessment of effectiveness  0 136 131
Total  $ (955) $ 494 $ 155
 
68Table of Contents Alphabet Inc.
The effect of derivative instruments on income is summarized below (in millions):
 Gains (Losses) Recognized in Income
 Year Ended December 31,
 2017  2018  2019
 Revenues Other income
(expense),
net  Revenues Other income
(expense),
net  Revenues Other income
(expense),
net
Total amounts presented in the Consolidated Statements of Income in
which the ef fects of cash flow and fair value hedges are recorded $110,855  $ 1,015  $136,819  $ 7,389  $161,857  $ 5,394
            
Gains (Losses) on Derivatives in Cash Flow Hedging Relationship:            
Foreign exchange contracts            
Amount of gains (losses) reclassified from AOCI to income $ (169) $ 0 $ (139) $ 0 $ 367  $ 0
Amount excluded from the assessment of ef fectiveness
recognized in earnings based on an amortization approach 0 0 1 0 88 0
Amount excluded from the assessment of ef fectiveness 0 83 0 0 0 0
Gains (Losses) on Derivatives in Fair V alue Hedging Relationship:            
Foreign exchange contracts            
Hedged items 0 197  0 (96) 0 (19)
Derivatives designated as hedging instruments 0 (197) 0 96 0 19
Amount excluded from the assessment of ef fectiveness 0 23 0 37 0 25
Gains (Losses) on Derivatives in Net Investment Hedging Relationship:            
Foreign exchange contracts            
Amount excluded from the assessment of ef fectiveness 0 0 0 78 0 243
Gains (Losses) on Derivatives Not Designated as Hedging Instruments:            
Foreign exchange contracts            
Derivatives not designated as hedging instruments 0 (230) 0 54 0 (413)
Total gains (losses) $ (169) $ (124) $ (138) $ 169  $ 455  $ (145)
Offsetting of Derivatives
We present our forwards and purchased options at gross fair values in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. For foreign currency collars,
we present at net fair values where both purchased and written options are with the same counterparty. Our master netting and other
similar arrangements allow net settlements under certain conditions. As of December 31, 2018 and 2019, information related to these
offsetting arrangements were as follows (in millions):
69Table of Contents Alphabet Inc.
Offsetting of Assets
 As of December 31, 2018
       Gross Amounts Not Offset in the Consolidated Balance
Sheets, but Have Legal Rights to Offset   
 Gross Amounts
of Recognized
Assets  Gross Amounts
Offset in the
Consolidated
Balance Sheets Net Presented in
the Consolidated
Balance Sheets Financial
Instruments  Cash Collateral
Received  Non-Cash
Collateral
Received  Net Assets
Exposed
Derivatives $ 569  $ (56) $ 513  $ (90)(1) $ (307) $ (14) $ 102
              
 As of December 31, 2019
       Gross Amounts Not Offset in the Consolidated Balance
Sheets, but Have Legal Rights to Offset   
 Gross Amounts
of Recognized
Assets  Gross Amounts
Offset in the
Consolidated
Balance Sheets Net Presented in
the Consolidated
Balance Sheets Financial
Instruments Cash Collateral
Received  Non-Cash
Collateral
Received  Net Assets
Exposed
Derivatives $ 365  $ (21) $ 344  $ (88)(1) $ (234) $ 0 $ 22
(1) The balances as of December 31, 2018  and 2019  were related to derivative liabilities which are allowed to be net settled against derivative assets in
accordance with our master netting agreements.
Offsetting of Liabilities
 As of December 31, 2018
       Gross Amounts Not Offset in the Consolidated Balance
Sheets, but Have Legal Rights to Offset   
 Gross Amounts
of Recognized
Liabilities  Gross Amounts
Offset in the
Consolidated
Balance Sheets Net Presented in
the Consolidated
Balance Sheets Financial
Instruments  Cash Collateral
Pledged  Non-Cash
Collateral
Pledged  Net Liabilities
Derivatives $ 289 $ (56) $ 233 $ (90)(2) $ 0 $ 0 $ 143
              
 As of December 31, 2019
       Gross Amounts Not Offset in the Consolidated Balance Sheets,
but Have Legal Rights to Offset  
 Gross Amounts
of Recognized
Liabilities  Gross Amounts
Offset in the
Consolidated
Balance Sheets Net Presented in
the Consolidated
Balance Sheets Financial
Instruments  Cash Collateral
Pledged  Non-Cash
Collateral
Pledged  Net Liabilities
Derivatives $ 390 $ (21) $ 369 $ (88)(2) $ 0 $ 0 $ 281
(2) The balances as of December 31, 2018  and 2019  were related to derivative assets which are allowed to be net settled against derivative liabilities in
accordance with our master netting agreements.
Note 4. Leases
We have entered into operating and finance lease agreements primarily for data centers, land and offices throughout the world with
lease periods expiring between 2020 and 2063.
Components of operating lease expense were as follows (in millions):
 Year Ended
 December 31, 2019
Operating lease cost $ 1,820
Variable lease cost 541
Total operating lease cost $ 2,361
70Table of Contents Alphabet Inc.
Supplemental information related to operating leases was as follows (in millions):
 Year Ended
 December 31, 2019
Cash payments for operating leases $ 1,661
New operating lease assets obtained in exchange for operating lease liabilities $ 4,391
As of December 31, 2019, our operating leases had a weighted average remaining lease term of 10 years and a weighted average
discount rate of 2.8%. Future lease payments under operating leases as of December 31, 2019 were as follows (in millions):
2020 $ 1,757
2021 1,845
2022 1,680
2023 1,508
2024 1,301
Thereafter 5,763
Total future lease payments 13,854
Less imputed interest (2,441)
Total lease liability balance $ 11,413
As of December 31, 2019, we have entered into leases that have not yet commenced with future lease payments of $7.4 billion,
excluding purchase options, that are not yet recorded on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. These leases will commence between 2020
and 2026 with non-cancelable lease terms of 1 to 25 years.
Supplemental Information for Comparative Periods
As of December 31, 2018, prior to the adoption of Topic 842, future minimum payments under operating leases having initial or
remaining non-cancelable lease terms in excess of one year, net of sublease income amounts, were as follows (in millions):
 Operating
Leases(1)  Sub-lease Income Net Operating
Leases
2019 $ 1,319 $ 16 $ 1,303
2020 1,397 13 1,384
2021 1,337 10 1,327
2022 1,153 8 1,145
2023 980 3 977
Thereafter 3,916 5 3,911
Total minimum payments $ 10,102 $ 55 $ 10,047
(1)  Includes future minimum payments for leases which have not yet commenced.
Rent expense under operating leases was $1.1 billion and $1.3 billion for the years ended December 31, 2017, and 2018, respectively.
Note 5. Variable Interest Entities (VIEs)
Consolidated VIEs
We consolidate VIEs in which we hold a variable interest and are the primary beneficiary. We are the primary beneficiary because we
have the power to direct activities that most significantly affect their economic performance and have the obligation to absorb the majority of
their losses or benefits. The results of operations and financial position of these VIEs are included in our consolidated financial statements.
For certain consolidated VIEs, their assets are not available to us and their creditors do not have recourse to us. As of December 31,
2018 and 2019, assets that can only be used to settle obligations of these VIEs were $2.4 billion and $3.1 billion, respectively, and the
liabilities for which creditors only have recourse to the VIEs were $909 million and $1.2 billion, respectively.
71Table of Contents Alphabet Inc.
Calico
Calico is a life science company with a mission to harness advanced technologies to increase our understanding of the biology that
controls lifespan.
In September 2014, AbbVie Inc. (AbbVie) and Calico entered into a research and development collaboration agreement intended to
help both companies discover, develop, and bring to market new therapies for patients with age-related diseases, including
neurodegeneration and cancer. In the second quarter of 2018, AbbVie and Calico amended the collaboration agreement resulting in an
increase in total commitments. As of December 31, 2019, AbbVie has contributed $1,250 million to fund the collaboration pursuant to the
agreement. As of December 31, 2019, Calico has contributed $500 million and has committed up to an additional $750 million.
Calico has used its scientific expertise to establish a world-class research and development facility, with a focus on drug discovery and
early drug development; and AbbVie provides scientific and clinical development support and its commercial expertise to bring new
discoveries to market. Both companies share costs and profits for projects covered under this agreement equally. AbbVie's contribution has
been recorded as a liability on Calico's financial statements, which is reduced and reflected as a reduction to research and development
expense as eligible research and development costs are incurred by Calico.
As of December 31, 2019, we have contributed $480 million to Calico in exchange for Calico convertible preferred units and are
committed to fund up to an additional $750 million on an as-needed basis and subject to certain conditions.
Verily
Verily is a life science and healthcare company with a mission to make the world's health data useful so that people enjoy healthier
lives. In December 2018, Verily received $900 million in cash from a $1.0 billion investment round. The remaining $100 million was received
in the first quarter of 2019. As of December 31, 2019, Verily has received an aggregate amount of $1.8 billion from sales of equity securities
to external investors. These transactions were accounted for as equity transactions and no gain or loss was recognized.
In the fourth quarter of 2019, Verily obtained a controlling financial interest in Onduo, an existing equity method investment. The
transaction resulted in a $357 million gain from the revaluation of the previously held economic interest, which was recognized in other
income (expense), net.
Unconsolidated VIEs
Certain of our non-marketable investments, including certain renewable energy investments accounted for under the equity method
and certain other investments in private companies, are VIEs. The renewable energy entities' activities involve power generation using
renewable sources. Private companies that we invest in are primarily early stage companies.
We have determined that the governance structures of these entities do not allow us to direct the activities that would significantly
affect their economic performance. Therefore, we do not consolidate these VIEs in our consolidated financial statements.
The maximum exposure of these unconsolidated VIEs is generally based on the current carrying value of the investments and any
future funding commitments. We have determined that the single source of our exposure to these VIEs is our capital investments in them.
The carrying value and maximum exposure of these unconsolidated VIEs were not material as of December 31, 2018 and 2019.
Note 6. Debt
Short-Term Debt
We have a debt financing program of up to $5.0 billion through the issuance of commercial paper. Net proceeds from this program are
used for general corporate purposes. We had no commercial paper outstanding as of December 31, 2018 and 2019.
Long-Term Debt
Google issued $3.0 billion of senior unsecured notes in three tranches (collectively, 2011 Notes) in May 2011, due in 2014, 2016, and
2021, as well as $1.0 billion of senior unsecured notes (2014 Notes) in February 2014 due in 2024.
In April 2016, we completed an exchange offer with eligible holders of Google’s 2011 Notes due 2021 and 2014 Notes due 2024
(collectively, the Google Notes). An aggregate principal amount of approximately $1.7 billion of the Google Notes was exchanged for
approximately $1.7 billion of Alphabet notes with identical interest rate and maturity.
72Table of Contents Alphabet Inc.
Because the exchange was between a parent and the subsidiary company and for substantially identical notes, the change was treated as
a debt modification for accounting purposes with no gain or loss recognized.
In August 2016, Alphabet issued $2.0 billion of senior unsecured notes (2016 Notes) due 2026. The net proceeds from the issuance of
the 2016 Notes were used for general corporate purposes, including the repayment of outstanding commercial paper. The Alphabet notes
due in 2021, 2024, and 2026 rank equally with each other and are structurally subordinate to the outstanding Google Notes.
The total outstanding long-term debt is summarized below (in millions):
 As of 
December 31, 2018  As of
December 31, 2019
3.625% Notes due on May 19, 2021 $ 1,000 $ 1,000
3.375% Notes due on February 25, 2024 1,000 1,000
1.998% Notes due on August 15, 2026 2,000 2,000
Unamortized discount for the Notes above (50) (42)
Subtotal(1)3,950 3,958
Total future finance lease payments 62 685
Less: imputed interest for finance leases 0 (89)
Total long-term debt $ 4,012 $ 4,554
(1)  Includes the outstanding (and unexchanged) Google Notes issued in 201 1 and 2014 and the Alphabet notes exchanged in 2016.
The effective interest yields based on proceeds received from the outstanding notes due in 2021, 2024, and 2026 were 3.734%,
3.377%, and 2.231%, respectively, with interest payable semi-annually. We may redeem these notes at any time in whole or in part at
specified redemption prices. The total estimated fair value of all outstanding notes was approximately $3.9 billion and $4.1 billion as of
December 31, 2018 and 2019, respectively. The fair value was determined based on observable market prices of identical instruments in
less active markets and is categorized accordingly as Level 2 in the fair value hierarchy.
As of December 31, 2019, the aggregate future principal payments for long-term debt including long-term finance leases for each of
the next five years and thereafter are as follows (in millions):
2020  $ 0
2021  1,046
2022  46
2023  46
2024  1,047
Thereafter  2,500
Total  $ 4,685
Credit Facility
As of December 31, 2019, we have $4.0 billion of revolving credit facilities which expire in July 2023. The interest rate for the credit
facilities is determined based on a formula using certain market rates. No amounts were outstanding under the credit facilities as of
December 31, 2018 and 2019.
73Table of Contents Alphabet Inc.
Note 7. Supplemental Financial Statement Information
Property and Equipment, Net
Property and equipment, net, consisted of the following (in millions):
 As of 
December 31, 2018  As of
December 31, 2019
Land and buildings $ 30,179 $ 39,865
Information technology assets 30,119 36,840
Construction in progress 16,838 21,036
Leasehold improvements 5,310 6,310
Furniture and fixtures 61 156
Property and equipment, gross 82,507 104,207
Less: accumulated depreciation (22,788) (30,561)
Property and equipment, net $ 59,719 $ 73,646
As of December 31, 2018 and 2019, information technology assets and land and buildings under finance leases with a cost basis of
$648 million and $1.6 billion, respectively, were included in property and equipment.
Accrued Expenses and Other Current Liabilities
Accrued expenses and other current liabilities consisted of the following (in millions):
 As of 
December 31, 2018  As of
December 31, 2019
European Commission fines(1)$ 7,754 $ 9,405
Accrued customer liabilities 1,810 2,245
Accrued purchases of property and equipment 1,603 2,411
Current operating lease liabilities 0 1,199
Other accrued expenses and current liabilities 5,791 7,807
Accrued expenses and other current liabilities $ 16,958 $ 23,067
(1) Includes the ef fects of foreign exchange and interest.  See Note 10  for further details.
74Table of Contents Alphabet Inc.
Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
The components of AOCI, net of tax, were as follows (in millions):
 Foreign Currency
Translation
Adjustments  Unrealized Gains
(Losses) on Available-
for-Sale Investments Unrealized Gains
(Losses) on Cash
Flow Hedges  Total
Balance as of December 31, 2016 $ (2,646) $ (179) $ 423 $ (2,402)
Other comprehensive income (loss) before
reclassifications 1,543 307 (638) 1,212
Amounts reclassified from AOCI 0 105 93 198
Other comprehensive income (loss) 1,543 412 (545) 1,410
Balance as of December 31, 2017 (1,103) 233 (122) (992)
Cumulative effect of accounting change 0 (98) 0 (98)
Other comprehensive income (loss) before
reclassifications (781) 88 264 (429)
Amounts excluded from the assessment of hedge
effectiveness recorded in AOCI 0 0 26 26
Amounts reclassified from AOCI 0 (911) 98 (813)
Other comprehensive income (loss) (781) (823) 388 (1,216)
Balance as of December 31, 2018 (1,884) (688) 266 (2,306)
Cumulative effect of accounting change 0 0 (30) (30)
Other comprehensive income (loss) before
reclassifications (119) 1,611 36 1,528
Amounts excluded from the assessment of hedge
effectiveness recorded in AOCI 0 0 (14) (14)
Amounts reclassified from AOCI 0 (111) (299) (410)
Other comprehensive income (loss) (119) 1,500 (277) 1,104
Balance as of December 31, 2019 $ (2,003) $ 812 $ (41) $ (1,232)
The effects on net income of amounts reclassified from AOCI were as follows (in millions):
   Gains (Losses) Reclassified from AOCI to the Consolidated
Statements of Income
    Year Ended December 31,
 AOCI Components  Location  2017  2018  2019
Unrealized gains (losses) on available-for-sale investments       
  Other income (expense), net  $ (105) $ 1,190 $ 149
  Benefit (provision) for income taxes  0 (279) (38)
  Net of tax  (105) 911 111
Unrealized gains (losses) on cash flow hedges       
Foreign exchange contracts  Revenue  (169) (139) 367
Interest rate contracts  Other income (expense), net  5 6 6
  Benefit (provision) for income taxes  71 35 (74)
  Net of tax  (93) (98) 299
Total amount reclassified, net of tax    $ (198) $ 813 $ 410
75Table of Contents Alphabet Inc.
Other Income (Expense), Net
The components of other income (expense), net, were as follows (in millions): 
 Year Ended December 31,
 2017  2018  2019
Interest income $ 1,312 $ 1,878 $ 2,427
Interest expense(1)(109) (114) (100)
Foreign currency exchange gain (loss), net (2)(121) (80) 103
Gain (loss) on debt securities, net(3)(110) 1,190 149
Gain (loss) on equity securities, net 73 5,460 2,649
Performance fees(4)(32) (1,203) (326)
Gain (loss) and impairment from equity method investments, net (156) (120) 390
Other 158 378 102
Other income (expense), net $ 1,015 $ 7,389 $ 5,394
(1) Interest expense is net of interest capitalized of $48 million , $92 million , and $167 million  for the years ended December 31, 2017 , 2018 , and 2019 ,
respectively .
(2) Our foreign currency exchange gain (loss), net, are related to the option premium costs and forwards points for our foreign currency hedging
contracts, our foreign exchange transaction gains and losses from the conversion of the transaction currency to the functional currency , offset by the
foreign curre ncy hedging  contract losses and gains. The net foreign currency transaction losses were $226 million , $195 million , and $166 million  for
the years ended December 31, 2017 , 2018 , and 2019 , respectively .
(3) During the year ended December 31, 2018, the terms of a non-marketable debt security were modified resulting in an unrealized $1.3 billion  gain.
(4) Performance fees were reclassified for prior periods from general and administrative expenses to other income (expense), net to conform with current
period presentation.
Note 8. Acquisitions
2019 Acquisitions
Looker
In December 2019, we obtained all regulatory clearances necessary to close the acquisition of Looker, a unified platform for business
intelligence, data applications and embedded analytics for $2.4 billion, with integration pending approval from a UK regulatory review. The
addition of Looker to Google Cloud is expected to help customers accelerate how they analyze data, deliver business intelligence, and build
data-driven applications.
The fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed was recorded based on a preliminary valuation and our estimates and
assumptions are subject to change within the measurement period. The $2.4 billion purchase price includes our previously held equity
interest and excludes post acquisition compensation arrangements. In aggregate, $91 million was cash acquired, $290 million was
attributed to intangible assets, $1.9 billion to goodwill and $48 million to net assets acquired. Goodwill was recorded in the Google segment
and primarily attributable to synergies expected to arise after the acquisition. Goodwill is not expected to be deductible for tax purposes.
Other Acquisitions
During the year ended December 31, 2019, we completed other acquisitions and purchases of intangible assets for total consideration
of approximately $1.0 billion. In aggregate, $28 million was cash acquired, $282 million was attributed to intangible assets, $904 million to
goodwill and $185 million to net liabilities assumed. These acquisitions generally enhance the breadth and depth of our offerings and
expand our expertise in engineering and other functional areas.
Pro forma results of operations for these acquisitions, including Looker, have not been presented because they are not material to the
consolidated results of operations, either individually or in the aggregate.
For all intangible assets acquired and purchased during the year ended December 31, 2019, patents and developed technology have
a weighted-average useful life of 3.5 years, customer relationships have a weighted-average useful life of 6.3 years, and trade names and
other have a weighted-average useful life of 4.5 years.
Pending Acquisition of Fitbit
In November 2019, we entered into an agreement to acquire Fitbit, a leading wearables brand, for $7.35 per share, representing a
total purchase price of approximately $2.1 billion as of the date of the agreement. The acquisition
76Table of Contents Alphabet Inc.
of Fitbit is expected to be completed in 2020, subject to customary closing conditions, including the receipt of regulatory approvals. Upon
the close of the acquisition, Fitbit will be part of Google segment.
Note 9. Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets
Goodwill
Changes in the carrying amount of goodwill for the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2019 were as follows (in millions):
 Google  Other Bets  Total Consolidated
Balance as of December 31, 2017 $ 16,295 $ 452 $ 16,747
Acquisitions 1,227 0 1,227
Transfers 80 (80) 0
Foreign currency translation and other adjustments (81) (5) (86)
Balance as of December 31, 2018 17,521 367 17,888
Acquisitions 2,353 475 2,828
Transfers 9 (9) 0
Foreign currency translation and other adjustments 38 (130) (92)
Balance as of December 31, 2019 $ 19,921 $ 703 $ 20,624
Other Intangible Assets
Information regarding purchased intangible assets were as follows (in millions):
 As of December 31, 2018
 Gross
Carrying
Amount  Accumulated
Amortization  Net
Carrying
Amount
Patents and developed technology $ 5,125 $ 3,394 $ 1,731
Customer relationships 349 308 41
Trade names and other 703 255 448
Total $ 6,177 $ 3,957 $ 2,220
 As of December 31, 2019
 Gross
Carrying
Amount  Accumulated
Amortization  Net
Carrying
Value
Patents and developed technology $ 4,972 $ 3,570 $ 1,402
Customer relationships 254 30 224
Trade names and other 703 350 353
Total $ 5,929 $ 3,950 $ 1,979
Patents and developed technology, customer relationships, and trade names and other have weighted-average remaining useful lives
of 2.3 years, 5.6 years, and 3.0 years, respectively.
Amortization expense relating to purchased intangible assets was $796 million, $865 million, and $795 million for the years ended
December 31, 2017, 2018, and 2019, respectively.
77Table of Contents Alphabet Inc.
As of December 31, 2019, expected amortization expense relating to purchased intangible assets for each of the next five years and
thereafter is as follows (in millions): 
2020 $ 749
2021 665
2022 317
2023 57
2024 45
Thereafter 146
 $ 1,979
Note 10. Commitments and Contingencies
Purchase Obligations
As of December 31, 2019, we had $5.7 billion of other non-cancelable contractual obligations, primarily related to data center
operations and build-outs, digital media content licensing, and purchases of inventory.
Indemnifications
In the normal course of business, to facilitate transactions in our services and products, we indemnify certain parties, including
advertisers, Google Network Members, customers of Google Cloud offerings, and lessors with respect to certain matters. We have agreed
to hold certain parties harmless against losses arising from a breach of representations or covenants, or out of intellectual property
infringement or other claims made against certain parties. Several of these agreements limit the time within which an indemnification claim
can be made and the amount of the claim. In addition, we have entered into indemnification agreements with our officers and directors, and
our bylaws contain similar indemnification obligations to our agents.
It is not possible to make a reasonable estimate of the maximum potential amount under these indemnification agreements due to the
unique facts and circumstances involved in each particular agreement. Additionally, we have a limited history of prior indemnification claims
and the payments we have made under such agreements have not had a material adverse effect on our results of operations, cash flows,
or financial position. However, to the extent that valid indemnification claims arise in the future, future payments by us could be significant
and could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations or cash flows in a particular period.
As of December 31, 2019, we did not have any material indemnification claims that were probable or reasonably possible.
Legal Matters
Antitrust Investigations
On November 30, 2010, the EC's Directorate General for Competition opened an investigation into various antitrust-related complaints
against us.
On June 27, 2017, the EC announced its decision that certain actions taken by Google regarding its display and ranking of shopping
search results and ads infringed European competition law. The EC decision imposed a €2.4 billion ($2.7 billion as of June 27, 2017) fine.
On September 11, 2017, we appealed the EC decision and on September 27, 2017, we implemented product changes to bring shopping
ads into compliance with the EC's decision. We recognized a charge of $2.7 billion for the fine in the second quarter of 2017.
On July 18, 2018, the EC announced its decision that certain provisions in Google’s Android-related distribution agreements infringed
European competition law. The EC decision imposed a €4.3 billion ($5.1 billion as of June 30, 2018) fine and directed the termination of the
conduct at issue. On October 9, 2018, we appealed the EC decision. On October 29, 2018, we implemented changes to certain of our
Android distribution practices. We recognized a charge of $5.1 billion for the fine in the second quarter of 2018.
On March 20, 2019, the EC announced its decision that certain contractual provisions in agreements that Google had with AdSense
for Search partners infringed European competition law. The EC decision imposed a fine of €1.5 billion ($1.7 billion as of March 20, 2019)
and directed actions related to AdSense for Search agreements, which we implemented prior to the decision. On June 4, 2019, we
appealed the EC decision. We recognized a charge of $1.7 billion for the fine in the first quarter of 2019. 
78Table of Contents Alphabet Inc.
While each EC decision is under appeal, we included the fines in accrued expenses and other current liabilities on our Consolidated
Balance Sheets as we provided bank guarantees (in lieu of a cash payment) for the fines.
From time to time we are subject to formal and informal inquiries and investigations by competition authorities in the United States,
Europe, and other jurisdictions. For example, in August 2019, we began receiving civil investigative demands from the U.S. Department of
Justice requesting information and documents relating to our prior antitrust investigations and certain of our business practices. Attorneys
general from 51 U.S. states and territories have also opened antitrust investigations into certain of our business practices. We continue to
cooperate with federal and state regulators in the United States, and other regulators around the world.
Patent and Intellectual Property Claims
We have had patent, copyright, trade secret, and trademark infringement lawsuits filed against us claiming that certain of our products,
services, and technologies infringe others' intellectual property rights. Adverse results in these lawsuits may include awards of substantial
monetary damages, costly royalty or licensing agreements, or orders preventing us from offering certain features, functionalities, products,
or services. As a result, we may have to change our business practices, and develop non-infringing products or technologies, which could
result in a loss of revenues for us and otherwise harm our business. In addition, the U.S. International Trade Commission (ITC) has
increasingly become an important forum to litigate intellectual property disputes because an ultimate loss in an ITC action can result in a
prohibition on importing infringing products into the U.S. Because the U.S. is an important market, a prohibition on importation could have
an adverse effect on us, including preventing us from importing many important products into the U.S. or necessitating workarounds that
may limit certain features of our products.
Furthermore, many of our agreements with our customers and partners require us to indemnify them against certain intellectual
property infringement claims, which would increase our costs as a result of defending such claims, and may require that we pay significant
damages if there were an adverse ruling in any such claims. In addition, our customers and partners may discontinue the use of our
products, services, and technologies, as a result of injunctions or otherwise, which could result in loss of revenues and adversely affect our
business.
In 2010, Oracle America, Inc. (Oracle) brought a copyright lawsuit against Google in the Northern District of California, alleging that
Google's Android operating system infringes Oracle's copyrights related to certain Java application programming interfaces. After trial, final
judgment was entered by the district court in favor of Google on June 8, 2016, and the court decided post-trial motions in favor of Google.
Oracle appealed and on March 27, 2018, the appeals court reversed and remanded the case for a trial on damages. On May 29, 2018, we
filed a petition for a rehearing at the Federal Circuit, and on August 28, 2018, the Federal Circuit denied the petition. On January 24, 2019,
we filed a petition to the Supreme Court of the United States to review this case. On April 29, 2019, the Supreme Court requested the views
of the Solicitor General regarding our petition. On September 27, 2019, the Solicitor General recommended denying our petition, and we
provided our response on October 16, 2019. On November 15, 2019, the Supreme Court granted our petition and made a decision to
review the case. If the Supreme Court does not rule in our favor, the case will be remanded to the district court for further determination of
the remaining issues in the case, including damages, if any. We believe this lawsuit is without merit and are defending ourselves vigorously.
Given the nature of this case, we are unable to estimate the reasonably possible loss or range of loss, if any, arising from this matter.
Other
We are also regularly subject to claims, suits, regulatory and government investigations, and other proceedings involving competition,
intellectual property, privacy, tax and related compliance, labor and employment, commercial disputes, content generated by our users,
goods and services offered by advertisers or publishers using our platforms, personal injury, consumer protection, and other matters. Such
claims, suits, regulatory and government investigations, and other proceedings could result in fines, civil or criminal penalties, or other
adverse consequences.
Certain of these outstanding matters include speculative, substantial or indeterminate monetary amounts. We record a liability when
we believe that it is probable that a loss has been incurred and the amount can be reasonably estimated. If we determine that a loss is
reasonably possible and the loss or range of loss can be estimated, we disclose the reasonably possible loss. We evaluate developments in
our legal matters that could affect the amount of liability that has been previously accrued, and the matters and related reasonably possible
losses disclosed, and make adjustments as appropriate. Significant judgment is required to determine both likelihood of there being and the
estimated amount of a loss related to such matters.
With respect to our outstanding matters, based on our current knowledge, we believe that the amount or range of reasonably possible
loss will not, either individually or in aggregate, have a material adverse effect on our business,
79Table of Contents Alphabet Inc.
consolidated financial position, results of operations, or cash flows. However, the outcome of such matters is inherently unpredictable and
subject to significant uncertainties.
We expense legal fees in the period in which they are incurred.
Non-Income Taxes
We are under audit by various domestic and foreign tax authorities with regards to non-income tax matters. The subject matter of non-
income tax audits primarily arises from disputes on the tax treatment and tax rate applied to the sale of our products and services in these
jurisdictions and the tax treatment of certain employee benefits. We accrue non-income taxes that may result from examinations by, or any
negotiated agreements with, these tax authorities when a loss is probable and reasonably estimable. If we determine that a loss is
reasonably possible and the loss or range of loss can be estimated, we disclose the reasonably possible loss. We believe these matters are
without merit and we are defending ourselves vigorously. Due to the inherent complexity and uncertainty of these matters and judicial
process in certain jurisdictions, the final outcome may be materially different from our expectations.
For information regarding income tax contingencies, see Note 14.
Note 11. Stockholders' Equity
Convertible Preferred Stock
Our board of directors has authorized 100 million shares of convertible preferred stock, $0.001 par value, issuable in series. As of
December 31, 2018 and 2019, no shares were issued or outstanding.
Class A and Class B Common Stock and Class C Capital Stock
Our board of directors has authorized three classes of stock, Class A and Class B common stock, and Class C capital stock. The
rights of the holders of each class of our common and capital stock are identical, except with respect to voting. Each share of Class A
common stock is entitled to one vote per share. Each share of Class B common stock is entitled to 10 votes per share. Class C capital
stock has no voting rights, except as required by applicable law. Shares of Class B common stock may be converted at any time at the
option of the stockholder and automatically convert upon sale or transfer to Class A common stock.
Share Repurchases
In January 2018, the board of directors of Alphabet authorized the company to repurchase up to $8.6 billion of its Class C capital
stock. In January and July 2019, the board of directors of Alphabet authorized the company to repurchase up to an additional $12.5 billion
and $25.0 billion of its Class C capital stock, respectively. Share repurchases pursuant to the January 2018 and January 2019
authorizations were completed in 2019. The repurchases are being executed from time to time, subject to general business and market
conditions and other investment opportunities, through open market purchases or privately negotiated transactions, including through Rule
10b5-1 plans. The repurchase program does not have an expiration date.
During the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2019, we repurchased and subsequently retired 8.2 million shares of Alphabet Class
C capital stock for an aggregate amount of $9.1 billion and 15.3 million shares of Alphabet Class C capital stock for an aggregate amount of
$18.4 billion, respectively.
Note 12. Net Income Per Share
We compute net income per share of Class A and Class B common stock and Class C capital stock using the two-class method. Basic
net income per share is computed using the weighted-average number of shares outstanding during the period. Diluted net income per
share is computed using the weighted-average number of shares and the effect of potentially dilutive securities outstanding during the
period. Potentially dilutive securities consist of restricted stock units and other contingently issuable shares. The dilutive effect of
outstanding restricted stock units and other contingently issuable shares is reflected in diluted earnings per share by application of the
treasury stock method. The computation of the diluted net income per share of Class A common stock assumes the conversion of Class B
common stock, while the diluted net income per share of Class B common stock does not assume the conversion of those shares.
The rights, including the liquidation and dividend rights, of the holders of our Class A and Class B common stock and Class C capital
stock are identical, except with respect to voting. Furthermore, there are a number of safeguards built into our certificate of incorporation, as
well as Delaware law, which preclude our board of directors from declaring or paying unequal per share dividends on our Class A and Class
B common stock and Class C capital stock. Specifically, Delaware law provides that amendments to our certificate of incorporation which
would have the effect of adversely altering the rights, powers, or preferences of a given class of stock must be approved by the class of
stock adversely
80Table of Contents Alphabet Inc.
affected by the proposed amendment. In addition, our certificate of incorporation provides that before any such amendment may be put to a
stockholder vote, it must be approved by the unanimous consent of our board of directors. As a result, the undistributed earnings for each
year are allocated based on the contractual participation rights of the Class A and Class B common shares and Class C capital stock as if
the earnings for the year had been distributed. As the liquidation and dividend rights are identical, the undistributed earnings are allocated
on a proportionate basis.
In the years ended December 31, 2017, 2018 and 2019, the net income per share amounts are the same for Class A and Class B
common stock and Class C capital stock because the holders of each class are entitled to equal per share dividends or distributions in
liquidation in accordance with the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Alphabet Inc.
The following tables set forth the computation of basic and diluted net income per share of Class A and Class B common stock and
Class C capital stock (in millions, except share amounts which are reflected in thousands and per share amounts):
 Year Ended December 31,
 2017
 Class A  Class B  Class C
Basic net income per share:      
Numerator      
Allocation of undistributed earnings$ 5,438 $ 862 $ 6,362
Denominator      
Number of shares used in per share computation297,604 47,146 348,151
Basic net income per share $ 18.27 $ 18.27 $ 18.27
Diluted net income per share:     
Numerator      
Allocation of undistributed earnings for basic computation$ 5,438 $ 862 $ 6,362
Reallocation of undistributed earnings as a result of conversion of Class B to Class A shares862 0 0
Reallocation of undistributed earnings(74) (14) 74
Allocation of undistributed earnings$ 6,226 $ 848 $ 6,436
Denominator      
Number of shares used in basic computation297,604 47,146 348,151
Weighted-average effect of dilutive securities      
Add:      
Conversion of Class B to Class A common shares outstanding47,146 0 0
Restricted stock units and other contingently issuable shares1,192 0 9,491
Number of shares used in per share computation345,942 47,146 357,642
Diluted net income per share $ 18.00 $ 18.00 $ 18.00
81Table of Contents Alphabet Inc.
 Year Ended December 31,
 2018
 Class A  Class B  Class C
Basic net income per share:      
Numerator      
Allocation of undistributed earnings$ 13,200 $ 2,072 $ 15,464
Denominator      
Number of shares used in per share computation298,548 46,864 349,728
Basic net income per share $ 44.22 $ 44.22 $ 44.22
Diluted net income per share:     
Numerator      
Allocation of undistributed earnings for basic computation$ 13,200 $ 2,072 $ 15,464
Reallocation of undistributed earnings as a result of conversion of Class B to Class A shares2,072 0 0
Reallocation of undistributed earnings(146) (24) 146
Allocation of undistributed earnings$ 15,126 $ 2,048 $ 15,610
Denominator      
Number of shares used in basic computation298,548 46,864 349,728
Weighted-average effect of dilutive securities      
Add:      
Conversion of Class B to Class A common shares outstanding46,864 0 0
Restricted stock units and other contingently issuable shares689 0 7,456
Number of shares used in per share computation346,101 46,864 357,184
Diluted net income per share $ 43.70 $ 43.70 $ 43.70
 Year Ended December 31,
 2019
 Class A  Class B  Class C
Basic net income per share:      
Numerator      
Allocation of undistributed earnings$ 14,846 $ 2,307 $ 17,190
Denominator      
Number of shares used in per share computation299,402 46,527 346,667
Basic net income per share $ 49.59 $ 49.59 $ 49.59
Diluted net income per share:     
Numerator      
Allocation of undistributed earnings for basic computation$ 14,846 $ 2,307 $ 17,190
Reallocation of undistributed earnings as a result of conversion of Class B to Class A shares2,307 0 0
Reallocation of undistributed earnings(126) (20) 126
Allocation of undistributed earnings$ 17,027 $ 2,287 $ 17,316
Denominator      
Number of shares used in basic computation299,402 46,527 346,667
Weighted-average effect of dilutive securities      
Add:      
Conversion of Class B to Class A common shares outstanding46,527 0 0
Restricted stock units and other contingently issuable shares413 0 5,547
Number of shares used in per share computation346,342 46,527 352,214
Diluted net income per share $ 49.16 $ 49.16 $ 49.16
82Table of Contents Alphabet Inc.
Note 13. Compensation Plans
Stock Plans
Under our 2012 Stock Plan, RSUs or stock options may be granted. An RSU award is an agreement to issue shares of our publicly
traded stock at the time the award vests. Incentive and non-qualified stock options, or rights to purchase common stock, are generally
granted for a term of 10 years. RSUs granted to participants under the 2012 Stock Plan generally vest over four years contingent upon
employment or service with us on the vesting date.
As of December 31, 2019, there were 37,982,435 shares of stock reserved for future issuance under our Stock Plan.
Additionally, we have stock-based awards that may be settled in the stock of certain of our Other Bets.
Stock-Based Compensation
For the years ended December 31, 2017, 2018 and 2019, total stock-based compensation expense was $7.9 billion, $10.0 billion and
$11.7 billion, including amounts associated with awards we expect to settle in Alphabet stock of $7.7 billion, $9.4 billion, and $10.8 billion,
respectively.
For the years ended December 31, 2017, 2018 and 2019, we recognized tax benefits on total stock-based compensation expense,
which are reflected in the provision for income taxes in the Consolidated Statements of Income, of $1.6 billion, $1.5 billion, and $1.8 billion,
respectively.
For the years ended December 31, 2017, 2018 and 2019, tax benefit realized related to awards vested or exercised during the period
was $2.7 billion, $2.1 billion and $2.2 billion, respectively. These amounts do not include the indirect effects of stock-based awards, which
primarily relate to the research and development tax credit.
Stock-Based Award Activities
The following table summarizes the activities for our unvested RSUs in Alphabet stock for the year ended December 31, 2019:
 Unvested Restricted Stock Units
     Number of    
Shares  Weighted-
Average
Grant-Date
Fair Value
Unvested as of December 31, 2018 18,467,678 $ 936.96
Granted 13,934,041 $ 1,092.36
 Vested (11,576,766) $ 919.28
 Forfeited/canceled (1,430,717) $ 990.56
Unvested as of December 31, 2019 19,394,236 $ 1,055.22
The weighted-average grant-date fair value of RSUs granted during the years ended December 31, 2017 and 2018, was $845.06 and
$1,095.89, respectively. Total fair value of RSUs, as of their respective vesting dates, during the years ended December 31, 2017, 2018,
and 2019 were $11.3 billion, $14.1 billion, and $15.2 billion, respectively.
As of December 31, 2019, there was $19.1 billion of unrecognized compensation cost related to unvested employee RSUs. This
amount is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of 2.6 years.
401(k) Plans
We have two 401(k) Savings Plans that qualify as deferred salary arrangements under Section 401(k) of the Internal Revenue Code.
Under these 401(k) Plans, matching contributions are based upon the amount of the employees’ contributions subject to certain limitations.
We recognized expense of approximately $448 million, $691 million, and $724 million for the years ended December 31, 2017, 2018, and
2019, respectively.
83Table of Contents Alphabet Inc.
Note 14. Income Taxes
Income from continuing operations before income taxes consists of the following (in millions):
 Year Ended December 31,
 2017  2018  2019
Domestic operations $ 10,680 $ 15,779 $ 16,426
Foreign operations 16,513 19,134 23,199
Total $ 27,193 $ 34,913 $ 39,625
The provision for income taxes consists of the following (in millions):
Year Ended December 31,
 2017 2018 2019
Current:      
Federal and state $ 12,608 $ 2,153 $ 2,424
Foreign 1,746 1,251 2,713
Total 14,354 3,404 5,137
Deferred:      
Federal and state 220 907 286
Foreign (43) (134) (141)
Total 177 773 145
Provision for income taxes $ 14,531 $ 4,177 $ 5,282
The Tax Act enacted on December 22, 2017 introduced significant changes to U.S. income tax law. Effective 2018, the Tax Act
reduced the U.S. statutory tax rate from 35% to 21% and created new taxes on certain foreign-sourced earnings and certain related-party
payments.
Due to the timing of the enactment and the complexity involved in applying the provisions of the Tax Act, we made reasonable
estimates of the effects and recorded provisional amounts in our consolidated financial statements as of December 31, 2017. As we
collected and prepared necessary data, and interpreted the additional guidance issued by the U.S. Treasury Department, the IRS, and
other standard-setting bodies, we made adjustments, over the course of 2018, to the provisional amounts including refinements to deferred
taxes. The accounting for the tax effects of the Tax Act was completed as of December 31, 2018.
Transition tax
The Tax Act required us to pay U.S. income taxes on accumulated foreign subsidiary earnings not previously subject to U.S. income
tax at a rate of 15.5% to the extent of foreign cash and certain other net current assets and 8% on the remaining earnings. We recorded a
provisional amount for our transitional tax liability and income tax expense of $10.2 billion as of December 31, 2017. Subsequent
adjustments in 2018 and 2019 were not material.
Deferred tax effects
Due to the change in the statutory tax rate from the Tax Act, we remeasured our deferred taxes as of December 31, 2017 to reflect the
reduced rate that will apply in future periods when these deferred taxes are settled or realized. We recognized a deferred tax benefit of
$376 million to reflect the reduced U.S. tax rate and other effects of the Tax Act as of December 31, 2017.
84Table of Contents Alphabet Inc.
The reconciliation of federal statutory income tax rate to our effective income tax rate is as follows:
 Year Ended December 31,
 2017  2018  2019
U.S. federal statutory tax rate 35.0 % 21.0 % 21.0 %
Foreign income taxed at different rates (14.2) (4.9) (5.6)
Effect of the Tax Act   
Transition tax 37.6  (0.1) (0.6)
Deferred tax effects (1.4) (1.2) 0.0
Federal research credit (1.8) (2.4) (2.5)
Stock-based compensation expense (4.5) (2.2) (0.7)
European Commission fines 3.5  3.1  1.0
Deferred tax asset valuation allowance 0.9  (2.0) 0.0
State and local income taxes 0.1  (0.4) 1.1
Other adjustments (1.8) 1.1  (0.4)
Effective tax rate 53.4 % 12.0 % 13.3 %
Our effective tax rate for each of the years presented was affected by earnings realized in foreign jurisdictions with statutory tax rates
lower than the federal statutory tax rate. Substantially all of the income from foreign operations was earned by an Irish subsidiary. Beginning
in 2018, earnings realized in foreign jurisdictions are subject to U.S. tax in accordance with the Tax Act.
On July 27, 2015, the United States Tax Court, in an opinion in Altera Corp. v. Commissioner, invalidated the portion of the Treasury
regulations issued under IRC Section 482 requiring related-party participants in a cost sharing arrangement to share stock-based
compensation costs. The U.S. Tax Court issued the final decision on December 28, 2015. As a result of that decision, we recorded a tax
benefit related to the anticipated reimbursement of cost share payment for previously shared stock-based compensation costs.
On June 7, 2019, the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit overturned the 2015 Tax Court decision in Altera Corp. v.
Commissioner, and upheld the portion of the Treasury regulations issued under IRC Section 482 requiring related-party participants in a
cost sharing arrangement to share stock-based compensation costs. As a result of the Ninth Circuit court decision, our cumulative net tax
benefit of $418 million related to previously shared stock-based compensation costs was reversed in the year ended December 31, 2019.
85Table of Contents Alphabet Inc.
Deferred Income Taxes
Deferred income taxes reflect the net effects of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for
financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes. Significant components of our deferred tax assets and
liabilities are as follows (in millions):
 As of December 31,
 2018  2019
Deferred tax assets:    
Stock-based compensation expense $ 291 $ 421
Accrued employee benefits 387 463
Accruals and reserves not currently deductible 902 1,047
Tax credits 1,979 3,264
Basis difference in investment in Arris 657 0
Prepaid cost sharing 597 0
Net operating losses 557 771
Operating leases 160 1,876
Other 21 390
Total deferred tax assets 5,551 8,232
Valuation allowance (2,817) (3,502)
Total deferred tax assets net of valuation allowance 2,734 4,730
Deferred tax liabilities:    
Property and equipment, net (1,382) (1,798)
Renewable energy investments (500) (466)
Foreign Earnings (111) (373)
Net investment gains (1,143) (1,074)
Operating leases 0 (1,619)
Other (125) (380)
Total deferred tax liabilities (3,261) (5,710)
Net deferred tax assets (liabilities) $ (527) $ (980)
As of December 31, 2019, our federal, state and foreign net operating loss carryforwards for income tax purposes were approximately
$1.8 billion, $3.1 billion, and $1.9 billion respectively. If not utilized, the federal and foreign net operating loss carryforwards will begin to
expire in 2021 and the state net operating loss carryforwards will begin to expire in 2020. It is more likely than not that certain net operating
loss carryforwards will not be realized; therefore, we have recorded a valuation allowance against them. The net operating loss
carryforwards are subject to various annual limitations under the tax laws of the different jurisdictions.
As of December 31, 2019, our California research and development credit carryforwards for income tax purposes were approximately
$3.0 billion that can be carried over indefinitely. We believe the state tax credit is not likely to be realized.
As of December 31, 2019, we maintained a valuation allowance with respect to California deferred tax assets, certain federal net
operating losses, certain state tax credits and certain foreign net operating losses that we believe are not likely to be realized. Due to gains
from equity securities recognized, we released the valuation allowance in 2018 against the deferred tax asset for the book-to-tax basis
difference in our investments in Arris shares received from the sale of the Motorola Home business to Arris in 2013. We continue to
reassess the remaining valuation allowance quarterly and if future evidence allows for a partial or full release of the valuation allowance, a
tax benefit will be recorded accordingly.
86Table of Contents Alphabet Inc.
Uncertain Tax Positions
The following table summarizes the activity related to our gross unrecognized tax benefits (in millions):
 Year Ended December 31,
 2017  2018  2019
Beginning gross unrecognized tax benefits $ 5,393 $ 4,696 $ 4,652
Increases related to prior year tax positions 685 321 938
Decreases related to prior year tax positions (257) (623) (143)
Decreases related to settlement with tax authorities (1,875) (191) (2,886)
Increases related to current year tax positions 750 449 816
Ending gross unrecognized tax benefits $ 4,696 $ 4,652 $ 3,377
The total amount of gross unrecognized tax benefits was $4.7 billion, $4.7 billion, and $3.4 billion as of December 31, 2017, 2018, and
2019, respectively, of which, $3.0 billion, $2.9 billion, and $2.3 billion, if recognized, would affect our effective tax rate, respectively. The
decrease in gross unrecognized tax benefits in 2017 and 2019 was primarily as a result of the resolution of multi-year audits.
As of December 31, 2018 and 2019, we had accrued $490 million and $130 million in interest and penalties in provision for income
taxes, respectively.
We file income tax returns in the U.S. federal jurisdiction and in many state and foreign jurisdictions, our two major tax jurisdictions are
the U.S. federal and Ireland. We are subject to the continuous examination of our income tax returns by the IRS and other tax authorities.
The IRS completed its examination through our 2015 tax years; all issues have been concluded and the IRS will commence its examination
of our 2016 through 2018 tax returns. We have also received tax assessments in multiple foreign jurisdictions asserting transfer pricing
adjustments or permanent establishment. We continue to defend any and all such claims as presented.
The tax years 2011 through 2018 remain subject to examination by the appropriate governmental agencies for Irish tax purposes.
There are other ongoing audits in various other jurisdictions that are not material to our financial statements.
We regularly assess the likelihood of adverse outcomes resulting from these examinations to determine the adequacy of our provision
for income taxes. We continue to monitor the progress of ongoing discussions with tax authorities and the effect, if any, of the expected
expiration of the statute of limitations in various taxing jurisdictions.
We believe that an adequate provision has been made for any adjustments that may result from tax examinations. However, the
outcome of tax audits cannot be predicted with certainty. If any issues addressed in our tax audits are resolved in a manner not consistent
with management's expectations, we could be required to adjust our provision for income taxes in the period such resolution occurs.
Although the timing of resolution, settlement, and closure of audits is not certain, we do not believe it is reasonably possible that our
unrecognized tax benefits will materially change in the next 12 months.
Note 15. Information about Segments and Geographic Areas
We operate our business in multiple operating segments. Google is our only reportable segment. None of our other segments meet the
quantitative thresholds to qualify as reportable segments; therefore, the other operating segments are combined and disclosed as Other
Bets.
Our reported segments are:
•Google – Google includes our main products such as ads, Android, Chrome, hardware, Google Cloud, Google Maps, Google Play,
Search, and YouTube. Our technical infrastructure is also included in Google. Google generates revenues primarily from
advertising; sales of apps, in-app purchases, digital content products, and hardware; and licensing and service fees, including fees
received for Google Cloud offerings and subscription-based products.
•Other Bets – Other Bets is a combination of multiple operating segments that are not individually material. Other Bets includes
Access, Calico, CapitalG, GV, Verily, Waymo, and X, among others. Revenues from the Other Bets are derived primarily through
the sales of internet and TV services through Access as well as licensing and R&D services through Verily.
87Table of Contents Alphabet Inc.
Revenues, cost of revenues, and operating expenses are generally directly attributed to our segments. Inter-segment revenues are not
presented separately, as these amounts are immaterial. Our Chief Operating Decision Maker does not evaluate operating segments using
asset information.
Information about segments during the periods presented were as follows (in millions):
 Year Ended December 31,
 2017  2018  2019
Revenues:      
Google $ 110,547 $ 136,362 $ 160,743
Other Bets 477 595 659
Hedging gains (losses) (169) (138) 455
Total revenues $ 110,855 $ 136,819 $ 161,857
 Year Ended December 31,
 2017  2018  2019
Operating income (loss):      
Google $ 32,456 $ 36,655 $ 41,673
Other Bets (2,734) (3,358) (4,824)
Reconciling items(1)(3,544) (5,773) (2,618)
Total income from operations $ 26,178 $ 27,524 $ 34,231
(1) Reconciling items are generally comprised of corporate administrative costs, hedging gains (losses) and other miscellaneous items that are not
allocated to individual segments. Reconciling items include the European  Commission fines for the years ended December 31, 2017, 2018 and 2019,
and a charge from a legal settlement for the year ended December 31, 2019. Performance fees previously included in reconciling items were
reclassified  for the years ended December 31, 2017 and 2018 from genera l and administrative expenses to other income (expense), net to conform
with current period presentation. For further information on the reclassification, see Note 1.
 Year Ended December 31,
 2017  2018  2019
Capital expenditures:      
Google $ 12,619 $ 25,460 $ 25,251
Other Bets 493 181 281
Reconciling items(2)72 (502) (1,984)
Total capital expenditures as presented on the Consolidated Statements of
Cash Flows $ 13,184 $ 25,139 $ 23,548
(2) Reconciling items are related to timing differences of payments as segment capital expenditures  are on accrual basis while total capital expenditures
shown on the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flow are on cash basis and other miscellaneous dif ferences.
88Table of Contents Alphabet Inc.
Stock-based compensation (SBC) and depreciation, amortization, and impairment are included in segment operating income (loss) as
shown below (in millions):
 Year Ended December 31,
 2017  2018  2019
Stock-based compensation:      
Google $ 7,168 $ 8,755 $ 10,185
Other Bets 363 489 474
Reconciling items(3)148 109 135
Total stock-based compensation(4)$ 7,679 $ 9,353 $ 10,794
      
Depreciation, amortization, and impairment:      
Google $ 6,608 $ 8,708 $ 11,158
Other Bets 307 327 566
Reconciling items(3)0 0 57
Total depreciation, amortization, and impairment $ 6,915 $ 9,035 $ 11,781
(3) Reconciling items relate to corporate administrative and other costs that are not allocated to individual segments.
(4) For purposes of segment reporting, SBC represents awards that we expect to settle in Alphabet stock.
The following table presents our long-lived assets by geographic area (in millions):
 As of 
December 31, 2018  As of
December 31, 2019
Long-lived assets:    
United States $ 74,882 $ 94,907
International 22,234 28,424
Total long-lived assets $ 97,116 $ 123,331
For revenues by geography, see Note 2.
89Table of Contents Alphabet Inc.
ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE
None.
ITEM 9A.CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES
Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures
Our management, with the participation of our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, evaluated the effectiveness of our
disclosure controls and procedures pursuant to Rule 13a-15 under the Exchange Act, as of the end of the period covered by this Annual
Report on Form 10-K.
Based on this evaluation, our chief executive officer and chief financial officer concluded that, as of December 31, 2019, our disclosure
controls and procedures are designed at a reasonable assurance level and are effective to provide reasonable assurance that information
we are required to disclose in reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported
within the time periods specified in the SEC’s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our
management, including our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required
disclosure.
Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting
We rely extensively on information systems to manage our business and summarize and report operating results. In 2019, we began a
multi-year implementation of a new global enterprise resource planning (“ERP”) system, which will replace much of our existing core
financial systems. The ERP system is designed to accurately maintain the Company’s financial records, enhance the flow of financial
information, improve data management and provide timely information to the Company’s management team. The implementation is
expected to occur in phases over the next several years, with initial changes to our general ledger and consolidated financial reporting to
take place in 2020. There have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended December 31,
2019 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. However, as the
phased implementation of the new ERP system continues, we will change our processes and procedures which, in turn, could result in
changes to our internal control over financial reporting. As such changes occur, we will evaluate quarterly whether such changes materially
affect our internal control over financial reporting. 
Management’s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting
Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as defined in Rule
13a-15(f) of the Exchange Act. Our management conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting
based on the framework in Internal Control—Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway
Commission (2013 framework). Based on this evaluation, management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was
effective as of December 31, 2019. Management reviewed the results of its assessment with our Audit Committee. The effectiveness of our
internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2019 has been audited by Ernst & Young LLP, an independent registered public
accounting firm, as stated in its report which is included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.
Limitations on Effectiveness of Controls and Procedures
In designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures, management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no
matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives. In addition, the
design of disclosure controls and procedures must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints and that management is required to
apply its judgment in evaluating the benefits of possible controls and procedures relative to their costs.
ITEM 9B.OTHER INFORMATION
None.
90Table of Contents Alphabet Inc.
PART III
ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
The information required by this item will be included under the caption “Directors, Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance” in
our Proxy Statement for 2020 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed with the SEC within 120 days of the fiscal year ended
December 31, 2019 (2020 Proxy Statement) and is incorporated herein by reference.
ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION
The information required by this item will be included under the captions “Director Compensation,” “Executive Compensation” and
“Directors, Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance—Corporate Governance and Board Matters—Compensation Committee
Interlocks and Insider Participation” in the 2020 Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference.
ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER
MATTERS
The information required by this item will be included under the captions “Common Stock Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and
Management” and “Equity Compensation Plan Information” in the 2020 Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference.
ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE
The information required by this item will be included under the captions “Certain Relationships and Related Transactions” and
“Directors, Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance—Corporate Governance and Board Matters—Director Independence” in the
2020 Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference.
ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES
The information required by this item will be included under the caption “Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm” in the 2020
Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference.
91Table of Contents Alphabet Inc.
PART IV
ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES
We have filed the following documents as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K:
1. Consolidated Financial Statements
Reports of Ernst & Young LLP, Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 47
Financial Statements:  
Consolidated Balance Sheets 50
Consolidated Statements of Income 51
Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 52
Consolidated Statements of Stockholders’ Equity 53
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 54
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 55
2. Financial Statement Schedules
Schedule II: Valuation and Qualifying Accounts
The table below details the activity of the allowance for doubtful accounts and sales credits for the years ended December 31, 2017,
2018 and 2019 (in millions):
 Balance at
Beginning of
Year  Additions  Usage  Balance at
End of Year
Year ended December 31, 2017 $ 467 $ 1,131 $ (924) $ 674
Year ended December 31, 2018 $ 674 $ 1,115 $ (1,060) $ 729
Year ended December 31, 2019 $ 729 $ 1,481 $ (1,457) $ 753
Note: Additions to the allowance for doubtful accounts are charged to expense. Additions to the allowance for sales credits are charged against revenues.
All other schedules have been omitted because they are not required, not applicable, or the required information is otherwise included.
3. Exhibits
Exhibit
Number  Description Incorporated by reference herein
 Form  Date
2.01
  Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated October 2,
2015, by and among Google Inc., the Registrant
and Maple Technologies Inc.  Current Report on Form 8-K (File No.
001-37580)
 October 2, 2015
3.01
  Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation
of the Registrant, dated October 2, 2015  Current Report on Form 8-K (File No.
001-37580)  October 2, 2015
3.02
  Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Registrant,
dated October 2, 2015  Current Report on Form 8-K
(File No. 001-37580)  October 2, 2015
4.01
  Specimen Class A Common Stock certificate
 Current Report on Form 8-K (File No.
001-37580)  October 2, 2015
4.02
  Specimen Class C Capital Stock certificate
 Current Report on Form 8-K (File No.
001-37580)  October 2, 2015
4.03
  Alphabet Inc. Deferred Compensation Plan
 Current Report on Form 8-K (File No.
001-37580)  October 2, 2015
4.04
  Transfer Restriction Agreement, dated October 2,
2015, between the Registrant and Larry Page and
certain of his affiliates  Current Report on Form 8-K (File No.
001-37580)
 October 2, 2015
92Table of Contents Alphabet Inc.
Exhibit
Number  Description Incorporated by reference herein
 Form  Date
4.05
  Transfer Restriction Agreement, dated October 2,
2015, between the Registrant and Sergey Brin and
certain of his affiliates  Current Report on Form 8-K (File No.
001-37580)
 October 2, 2015
4.06
  Transfer Restriction Agreement, dated October 2,
2015, between the Registrant and Eric E. Schmidt
and certain of its affiliates  Current Report on Form 8-K (File No.
001-37580)
 October 2, 2015
4.07
  Class C Undertaking, dated October 2, 2015,
executed by the Registrant  Current Report on Form 8-K (File No.
001-37580)  October 2, 2015
4.08
  Indenture, dated February 12, 2016, between the
Registrant and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust
Company, N.A., as Trustee  Registration Statement on Form S-3
(File No. 333-209510)
 February 12, 2016
4.09
  Registrant Registration Rights Agreement dated
December 14, 2015  Registration Statement on Form S-3
(File No. 333-209518)  February 12, 2016
4.10
  First Supplemental Indenture, dated April 27, 2016,
between the Registrant and The Bank of New York
Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee  Current Report on Form 8-K
(File No. 001-37580)
 April 27, 2016
4.11
  Form of the Registrant’s 3.625% Notes due 2021
(included in Exhibit 4.10)     
4.12
  Form of the Registrant’s 3.375% Notes due 2024
(included in Exhibit 4.10)     
4.13
  Form of the Registrant’s 1.998% Note due 2026
 Current Report on Form 8-K (File No.
001-37580)  August 9, 2016
4.14  *Description of Registrant’s Securities     
10.01
 u
 Form of Indemnification Agreement entered into
between the Registrant, its affiliates and its directors
and officers  Current Report on Form 8-K (File No.
001-37580)
 October 2, 2015
10.02
 uLetter Agreement, dated April 24, 2019, between
Robin L. Washington and Alphabet Inc.  Current Report on Form 8-K (File No.
001-37580)  April 30, 2019
10.03
 uLetter Agreement, dated December 7, 2019,
between Frances H. Arnold and Alphabet Inc.  Current Report on Form 8-K (File No.
001-37580)  December 9, 2019
10.04
 uCompensation Plan Agreement, dated October 2,
2015, between Google Inc. and the Registrant  Current Report on Form 8-K (File No.
001-37580)  October 2, 2015
10.05
 uDirector Arrangements Agreement, dated October
2, 2015, between Google Inc. and the Registrant  Current Report on Form 8-K (File No.
001-37580)  October 2, 2015
10.06
 uAlphabet Inc. Deferred Compensation Plan
 Current Report on Form 8-K (File No.
001-37580)  October 2, 2015
10.07
 uGoogle Inc. 2004 Stock Plan, as amended
 Current Report on Form 8-K (File No.
000-50726)  June 7, 2011
10.07.1
 uGoogle Inc. 2004 Stock Plan - Form of Google
Stock Option Agreement  Annual Report on Form 10-K
(File No. 000-50726)  March 30, 2005
10.07.2
 uGoogle Inc. 2004 Stock Plan - Form of Google
Restricted Stock Unit Agreement  Annual Report on Form 10-K
(File No. 000-50726)  March 30, 2005
10.07.3
 uGoogle Inc. 2004 Stock Plan - Amendment to Stock
Option Agreements  Registration Statement on Form S-3
(File No. 333-142243)  April 20, 2007
10.08
 uAlphabet Inc. Amended and Restated 2012 Stock
Plan  Current Report on Form 8-K
(File No. 001-37580)  June 21, 2019
93Table of Contents Alphabet Inc.
Exhibit
Number  Description Incorporated by reference herein
 Form  Date
10.08.1 *
 uAlphabet Inc. Amended and Restated 2012 Stock
Plan - Form of Alphabet Restricted Stock Unit
Agreement     
10.08.2 *
 u
 Alphabet Inc. Amended and Restated 2012 Stock
Plan - Performance Stock Unit Agreement     
10.09
 uMotorola Mobility Holdings, Inc. 2011 Incentive
Compensation Plan  Registration Statement on Form S-8
(File No. 333-181661)  May 24, 2012
10.10
 uApigee Corporation 2015 Equity Incentive Plan
 Registration Statement on Form S-8
(File No. 333-214573)  November 10, 2016
10.10.1
 uApigee Corporation 2015 Equity Incentive Plan -
Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement  Registration Statement on Form S-8
(File No. 333-214573)  November 10, 2016
14.01
  Code of Conduct of the Registrant as amended on
September 21, 2017  Annual Report on Form 10-K
(File No. 001-37580)  February 6, 2018
21.01  *Subsidiaries of the Registrant     
23.01
 *Consent of Ernst & Young LLP, Independent
Registered Public Accounting Firm     
24.01
 *Power of Attorney (incorporated by reference to the
signature page of this Annual Report on Form 10-K)    
31.01
 *Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to
Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a), as
adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-
Oxley Act of 2002     
31.02
 *Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to
Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a), as
adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-
Oxley Act of 2002     
32.01
 ‡
 Certifications of Chief Executive Officer and Chief
Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section
1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002     
99.01
  EC AdSense for Search Decision
 Current Report on Form 8-K
(File No. 001-37580)  March 20, 2019
99.02
  Press Release regarding Alphabet Management
Change  Current Report on Form 8-K
(File No. 001-37580)  December 4, 2019
101.INS
 *Inline XBRL Instance Document - the instance
document does not appear in the Interactive Data
File because its XBRL tags are embedded within
the Inline XBRL document.     
101.SCH  *XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document     
101.CAL
 *XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase
Document     
101.DEF
 *XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase
Document     
101.LAB
 *XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase
Document     
94Table of Contents Alphabet Inc.
Exhibit
Number  Description Incorporated by reference herein
 Form  Date
101.PRE
 *XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase
Document     
104
  Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as
Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101)     
_________________
u Indicates management compensatory plan, contract, or arrangement.
* Filed herewith.
‡ Furnished herewith.
ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY
None.
95Table of Contents Alphabet Inc.
SIGNATURES
Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this
Annual Report on Form 10-K to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.
Date: February 3, 2020
 
ALPHABET INC.
By: /S/    SUNDAR PICHAI        
 Sundar Pichai
 Chief Executive Officer
(Principal Executive Officer of the Registrant)
POWER OF ATTORNEY
KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Sundar
Pichai and Ruth M. Porat, jointly and severally, his or her attorney-in-fact, with the power of substitution, for him or her in any and all
capacities, to sign any amendments to this Annual Report on Form 10-K and to file the same, with exhibits thereto and other documents in
connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, hereby ratifying and confirming all that each of said attorneys-in-fact,
or his or her substitute or substitutes, may do or cause to be done by virtue hereof.
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this Annual Report on Form 10-K has been signed below by the
following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.
 
 
96Table of Contents Alphabet Inc.
Signature Title Date
/S/ SUNDAR PICHAIChief Executive Officer and Director (Principal
Executive Officer) February 3, 2020
Sundar Pichai   
/S/    RUTH M. PORAT        Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
(Principal Financial Officer) February 3, 2020
Ruth M. Porat   
/S/    AMIE THUENER O'TOOLE        Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer
(Principal Accounting Officer) February 3, 2020
Amie Thuener O'Toole   
/S/    FRANCES H. ARNOLD        Director February 3, 2020
Frances H. Arnold   
/S/    SERGEY BRIN        Co-Founder and Director February 3, 2020
Sergey Brin   
/S/    L. JOHN DOERR        Director February 3, 2020
L. John Doerr   
/S/    ROGER W. FERGUSON, JR.       Director February 3, 2020
Roger W. Ferguson, Jr.   
/S/    JOHN L. HENNESSY        Director, Chair February 3, 2020
John L. Hennessy   
/S/    ANN MATHER       Director February 3, 2020
Ann Mather   
/S/    ALAN R. MULALLY Director February 3, 2020
Alan R. Mulally   
/S/    LARRY PAGE        Co-Founder and Director February 3, 2020
Larry Page   
/S/    K. RAM SHRIRAM       Director February 3, 2020
K. Ram Shriram   
/S/    Robin L. Washington      Director February 3, 2020
Robin L. Washington   
97Exhibit 4.14
DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES
The following summary of the rights of our Class A Common Stock, Class B Common Stock, Class C Capital Stock, and preferred stock
(collectively, the “Alphabet securities”) does not purport to be complete. This summary is subject to and qualified by the provisions of our
Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (“Certificate of Incorporation”), Amended and Restated Bylaws (“Bylaws”), the terms of
our Class C Undertaking (as defined below), and certain Transfer Restriction Agreements (as defined below), copies of which are
incorporated herein by reference. Additionally, the Delaware General Corporation Law (“DGCL”), as amended, also affects the terms of our
capital stock.
Our Certificate of Incorporation provides for (1) the Class A Common Stock, which has one vote per share; (2) the Class B Common Stock,
which has 10 votes per share; and (3) the Class C Capital Stock, which has no voting rights unless otherwise required by law. Our
Certificate of Incorporation also provides for 100,000,000 shares of preferred stock.
Capital Stock
Authorized Capital Stock
Our authorized capital stock consists of 15,100,000,000 shares, each with a par value of $0.001 per share, of which:
 • 9,000,000,000 shares are designated as Class A Common Stock;
 • 3,000,000,000 shares are designated as Class B Common Stock;
 • 3,000,000,000 shares are designated as Class C Capital Stock; and
 • 100,000,000 shares are designated as preferred stock.
At December 31, 2019, there were 299,828,232 shares of Class A Common Stock issued and outstanding, 46,441,036 shares of Class B
Common Stock issued and outstanding, and 342,065,939 shares of Class C Capital Stock issued and outstanding. At that date, there were
no shares of preferred stock outstanding. All of the outstanding shares of the Company’s capital stock are fully paid and nonassessable.
Voting Rights
Holders of shares of Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock have identical rights, except that holders of shares of Class A
Common Stock are entitled to one vote per share and holders of shares of Class B Common Stock are entitled to 10 votes per share.
Holders of shares of Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock vote together as a single class on all matters (including the
election of directors) submitted to a vote of stockholders, unless otherwise required by law.
Holders of shares of Class C Capital Stock have no voting rights, unless otherwise required by law.The DGCL could require the holders of any of the shares of Class A Common Stock, Class B Common Stock, or Class C Capital Stock to
vote separately as a single class in the following circumstances:
 • If we amended our Certificate of Incorporation to increase or decrease the par value of the shares of a class of stock, then
the holders of the shares of that class would be required to vote separately to approve the proposed amendment.
 • If we amended our Certificate of Incorporation in a manner that altered or changed the powers, preferences, or special
rights of the shares of a class of stock so as to affect them adversely, then the holders of the shares of that class would be
required to vote separately to approve the proposed amendment.
As permitted by the DGCL and as set forth in our Certificate of Incorporation, the holders of shares of Class A Common Stock, Class B
Common Stock, and Class C Capital Stock do not have the right to vote separately as a single class if the number of authorized shares of
such class is increased or decreased. Rather, the number of authorized shares of Class A Common Stock, Class B Common Stock, and
Class C Capital Stock may be increased or decreased (but not below the number of shares thereof then outstanding) by the affirmative vote
of the holders of a majority of the voting power of the issued and outstanding shares of Class A Common Stock and Class B Common
Stock, voting together as a single class.
We have not provided for cumulative voting for the election of directors.
Dividends
Subject to preferences that may apply to any shares of preferred stock outstanding at the time, the holders of shares of Class A Common
Stock, Class B Common Stock, and Class C Capital Stock will be entitled to share equally, on a per share basis, in any dividends that our
Board of Directors may determine to issue from time to time. In the event that a dividend is paid in the form of shares of Class A Common
Stock or Class B Common Stock, or rights to acquire shares of Class A Common Stock or Class B Common Stock, (1) the holders of
shares of Class A Common Stock shall receive Class A Common Stock, or rights to acquire shares of Class A Common Stock, as the case
may be; (2) the holders of shares of Class B Common Stock shall receive shares of Class B Common Stock, or rights to acquire shares of
Class B Common Stock, as the case may be; and (3) the holders of shares of Class C Capital Stock shall receive shares of Class C Capital
Stock, or rights to acquire shares of Class C Capital Stock, as the case may be.
Liquidation Rights
Upon our liquidation, dissolution or winding-up, the holders of shares of Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock shall be
entitled to share equally in all assets remaining after the payment of any liabilities and the liquidation preferences on any outstanding
preferred stock. Immediately prior to the earlier of (1) any distribution of our assets in connection with a liquidation, dissolution, or winding-
up, or (2) any record date established to determine the holders of our capital stock entitled to receive such distribution, each share of Class
C Capital Stock shall automatically be converted into one share of Class A Common Stock.
Conversion
Shares of Class A Common Stock are not convertible into any other shares of our capital stock.
Other than in connection with a liquidation as described above, shares of Class C Capital Stock are not convertible into any other shares of
our capital stock.Each share of Class B Common Stock is convertible at any time at the option of the holder into one share of Class A Common Stock upon
written notice to our transfer agent. In addition, each share of Class B Common Stock shall convert automatically into one share of Class A
Common Stock upon any transfer, whether or not for value, except for certain transfers described in our Certificate of Incorporation,
including the following:
 • Transfers between Larry Page and Sergey Brin, Google’s co-founders, subject to the requirements of the Transfer
Restriction Agreements, as amended (as described below).
 • Transfers for tax and estate planning purposes, including to trusts, corporations, and partnerships established or controlled
by a holder of Class B Common Stock.
In addition, partnerships or limited liability companies that held more than 5% of the total outstanding shares of Class B Common Stock as
of the closing of Google’s initial public offering in 2004 may distribute their shares of Class B Common Stock to their respective partners or
members (who may further distribute the shares of Class B Common Stock to their respective partners or members) without triggering a
conversion to shares of Class A Common Stock. Such distributions must be conducted in accordance with the ownership interests of such
partners or members and the terms of any agreements binding the partnership or limited liability company.
The death of any holder of shares of Class B Common Stock who is a natural person will result in the conversion of his or her shares of
Class B Common Stock, and any shares held by his or her permitted entities, into shares of Class A Common Stock. However, subject to
the terms of the Transfer Restriction Agreements, either of Larry or Sergey may transfer voting control of his shares of Class B Common
Stock and those held by his permitted entities to the other contingent or effective upon his death without triggering a conversion into shares
of Class A Common Stock, but the shares of Class B Common Stock so transferred will convert to Class A Common Stock nine months
after the death of the transferring founder.
Once transferred and converted into shares of Class A Common Stock, shares of Class B Common Stock shall not be reissued.
No class of our capital stock may be subdivided or combined unless the other classes of capital stock are concurrently subdivided or
combined in the same proportion and in the same manner.
Equal Status
Except as expressly provided in our Certificate of Incorporation, shares of Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock have the
same rights and privileges and rank equally, share ratably and are identical in all respects as to all matters. In the event of any merger,
consolidation, or other business combination requiring the approval of our stockholders entitled to vote thereon (whether or not we are the
surviving entity), the holders of shares of Class A Common Stock shall have the right to receive, or the right to elect to receive, the same
form of consideration as the holders of shares of Class B Common Stock, and the holders of shares of Class A Common Stock shall have
the right to receive, or the right to elect to receive, at least the same amount of consideration on a per share basis as the holders of shares
of Class B Common Stock. In the event of any (1) tender or exchange offer to acquire any shares of Class A Common Stock or Class B
Common Stock by any third party pursuant to an agreement to which we are a party, or (2) any tender or exchange offer by us to acquire
any shares of Class A Common Stock or Class B Common Stock, the holders of shares of Class A Common Stock shall have the right to
receive, or the right to elect to receive, the same form of consideration as the holders of shares of Class B Common Stock, and the holders
of shares of Class ACommon Stock shall have the right to receive, or the right to elect to receive, at least the same amount of consideration on a per share
basis as the holders of shares of Class B Common Stock.
Except as expressly provided in our Certificate of Incorporation, shares of Class C Capital Stock have the same rights and privileges and
rank equally, share ratably and are identical in all respects to the shares of Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock as to all
matters. In the event of any merger, consolidation, or other business combination requiring the approval of our stockholders entitled to vote
thereon (whether or not we are the surviving entity), the holders of shares of Class C Capital Stock shall receive the same amount and form
of consideration on a per share basis as the consideration, if any, received by holders of shares of Class A Common Stock in connection
with such merger, consolidation or combination (and if holders of shares of Class A Common Stock are entitled to make an election as to
the amount or form of consideration that such holders shall receive in any such merger, consolidation or combination with respect to their
shares of Class A Common Stock, then the holders of shares of Class C Capital Stock shall be entitled to make the same election as to
their shares of Class C Capital Stock). In the event of any (1) tender or exchange offer to acquire any shares of Class A Common Stock or
Class B Common Stock by any third party pursuant to an agreement to which we are a party, or (2) any tender or exchange offer by us to
acquire any shares of Class A Common Stock or Class B Common Stock, the holders of shares of Class C Capital Stock shall receive the
same amount and form of consideration on a per share basis as the consideration received by holders of shares of Class A Common Stock
(and if holders of shares of Class A Common Stock are entitled to make an election as to the amount or form of consideration that such
holders shall receive in any such tender or exchange offer with respect to their shares of Class A Common Stock, then the holders of
shares of Class C Capital Stock shall be entitled to make the same election as to their shares of Class C Capital Stock).
Class C Settlement Agreement
In connection with the adjustment of Google’s capital structure by establishing the Google Class C Capital Stock, and the dividend of one
share of Google Class C Capital Stock for each share of Google Class A Common Stock and Google Class B Common Stock outstanding
on March 27, 2014 (the “Class C dividend”), on October 28, 2013, the Delaware Court of Chancery approved a settlement entered into by
Google, the Board of Directors of Google and the plaintiffs in the class action litigation involving the authorization to distribute Google Class
C Capital Stock captioned In Re: Google Inc. Class C Shareholder Litigation, Civil Action No. 7469-CS. The parties subsequently filed a
Revised Stipulation of Compromise and Settlement with the Court, which issued an Order and Final Judgment on November 6, 2013 that
fully approved the parties’ settlement agreement (the “Google Class C Settlement”). Additionally, on October 2, 2015, we entered into a
Class C Undertaking pertaining to the Google Class C Settlement, pursuant to which Alphabet will undertake, with respect to the Alphabet
securities, to be bound by the restrictions, undertakings and all continuing obligations and to benefit from the rights of the Google Class C
Settlement Agreement that are applicable to Google as if Alphabet were Google (the “Class C Undertaking”).
The terms of the Class C Undertaking require us to: (i) ensure that the Transfer Restriction Agreements (defined below) entered into by
Larry, our Co-Founder and director; Sergey, our Co-Founder and director; and Eric E. Schmidt, our significant stockholder; and certain of
their respective affiliates cannot be waived or amended unless such amendment or waiver is first considered and recommended by a
committee of two or more of the independent directors of our Board of Directors who do not hold Class B Common Stock, and then
approved by every member of our Board of Directors, excluding Larry and Sergey; (ii) ensure that any waiver or amendment of the Transfer
Restriction Agreements will be publicly disclosed at least 30 days beforesuch waiver or amendment takes effect on a Form 8-K, Form 10-Q or Form 10-K; (iii) effective for three years from the Class C dividend
payment date, prior to issuing more than 10 million shares of Class C Capital Stock as consideration in an acquisition or other business
combination (excluding assumptions or conversions of equity for employees of acquired or combined companies), have our independent
directors consider the effects of issuing such shares on our holders of Class A Common Stock and upon the company as a whole; and (iv)
when the aggregate voting power of Larry and Sergey falls below 15% of the cumulative voting power of all our shareholders, have our
Board of Directors consider in good faith whether it is no longer in our best interests to maintain a class of nonvoting stock and, if it so
determines, take steps to cause the Class C Capital Stock to convert into Class A Common Stock.
Transfer Restriction Agreements
On October 2, 2015, we entered into a transfer restriction agreement with each of Larry, Sergey, Eric and certain of their respective affiliates
(collectively, the “Transfer Restriction Agreements”). They are intended to limit the ability of Larry, Sergey, and Eric to sell their Alphabet
stock in a manner that does not reduce their voting power. Under the Transfer Restriction Agreements, the parties are bound, without any
modification, by the same restrictions, undertakings and obligations that are imposed under the transfer restriction agreements, related
joinders and other documentation entered into with Google on March 25, 2014 in connection with the Google Class C Settlement (the
“Google Transfer Restriction Agreements”).
Pursuant to the Transfer Restriction Agreements, none of Larry, Sergey, Eric, or certain of their respective affiliates that are party to the
agreements (generally, trusts and other estate planning vehicles through which Larry, Sergey, and Eric hold all or a portion of their shares of
Class A Common Stock, Class B Common Stock or Class C Capital Stock) may sell, assign, transfer, convey or hypothecate any shares of
Class C Capital Stock if, as a result of such sale, transfer, conveyance or hypothecation, they, together with certain of their respective
affiliates, would own more shares of Class B Common Stock than shares of Class C Capital Stock. If at any time either Larry, Sergey, or
Eric, in each case together with certain of his respective affiliates, owns more shares of Class B Common Stock than shares of Class C
Capital Stock, then Larry, Sergey, or Eric, as the case may be, and his respective affiliates, will be deemed to have automatically converted
that number of shares of Class B Common Stock into shares of Class A Common Stock such that after such conversion he and his affiliates
own an equal number of shares of Class B Common Stock as he and his affiliates own of shares of Class C Capital Stock. The required
maximum ratio of shares of Class B Common Stock to shares of Class C Capital Stock owned by Larry, Sergey and Eric is subject to
adjustment in connection with certain dividends, stock splits, distributions or recapitalizations.
Larry, Sergey, Eric, and certain of their respective affiliates that are party to the Transfer Restriction Agreements may transfer shares of
Class B Common Stock to their affiliates as permitted by the terms of our Certificate of Incorporation only if, immediately following such
transfer, Larry, Sergey, or Eric, as the case may be, and his respective affiliates, would own an aggregate number of shares of Class B
Common Stock equal to or less than the number of shares of Class C Capital Stock that he and his affiliates own. Additionally, Larry,
Sergey, Eric, and certain of their respective affiliates that are party to the Transfer Restriction Agreements may transfer shares of Class C
Capital Stock to their affiliates only if, immediately following such transfer, Larry, Sergey, or Eric, as the case may be, and his respective
affiliates, would own an aggregate number of shares of Class B Common Stock equal to or less than the number of shares of Class C
Capital Stock that he and his affiliates own. However, each of Larry and his affiliates that are party to his Transfer Restriction Agreement
and Sergey and his affiliates that are party to his Transfer Restriction Agreement may not transfer shares of Class B Common Stock to
another person in a transfer that does not result in theautomatic conversion of such shares of Class B Common Stock into Class A Common Stock pursuant to the terms of the Certificate of
Incorporation unless Larry or Sergey, as the case may be, and his respective affiliates, transfer, in the same manner and to the same
extent, an equal number of shares of Class C Capital Stock to the transferee.
In the event of (1) any merger, consolidation, or other business combination requiring the approval of the holders of our capital stock
(whether or not Alphabet is the surviving entity), or the acquisition of all or substantially all of our assets, (2) any tender or exchange offer by
any third party to acquire a majority of the shares of Class A Common Stock, Class B Common Stock or Class C Capital Stock, or (3) any
tender or exchange offer by us to acquire any shares of Class A Common Stock, Class B Common Stock, or Class C Capital Stock, none of
Larry, Sergey, Eric, and certain of their respective affiliates that are party to the Transfer Restriction Agreements may sell, transfer or
exchange, directly or indirectly, any shares of Class A Common Stock, Class B Common Stock, or Class C Capital Stock in connection with
such transaction or in a related transaction for (a) with respect to their shares of Class A Common Stock or Class B Common Stock, an
amount per share greater than the holders of shares of Class A Common Stock receive in such transaction or a form of consideration
different from the form that the holders of shares of Class A Common Stock would receive, or may elect to receive, in such transaction; or
(b) with respect to their shares of Class C Capital Stock, an amount per share greater than the holders of shares of Class C Capital Stock
receive in such transaction or a form of consideration different from the form that the holders of shares of Class C Capital Stock would
receive, or may elect to receive, in such transaction (the “Founder Equal Treatment Provision”).
With respect to Larry, Sergey, and certain of their respective affiliates, the applicable Transfer Restriction Agreements generally terminate
when they collectively hold less than 34% of our total outstanding voting power. However, the Founder Equal Treatment Provision never
terminates.
With respect to Eric and certain of his affiliates, the applicable Transfer Restriction Agreement generally terminates when they collectively
hold less than 2% of our total outstanding voting power. However, the Founder Equal Treatment Provision never terminates.
As required under the terms of the Class C Settlement Agreement, the Transfer Restriction Agreements may only be amended or waived if
such amendment or waiver is (i) first considered and recommended by a committee of two or more independent directors of our Board of
Directors who do not hold Class B Common Stock and (ii) then approved by every member of our Board of Directors, excluding Larry and
Sergey. Any Transfer Restriction Agreement amendment or waiver will be publicly disclosed by Alphabet on a Form 8-K, Form 10-Q or
Form 10-K at least 30 days before such amendment or waiver takes effect.
Preferred Stock
We are authorized to issue, without approval by our stockholders, up to a total of 100,000,000 shares of preferred stock in one or more
series. Our Board of Directors may establish the number of shares to be included in each such series and may fix the designations,
preferences, powers, and other rights, and any qualifications, limitations or restrictions of the shares of a series of preferred stock. Our
Board of Directors could authorize the issuance of preferred stock with voting or conversion rights that could dilute the voting power or
rights of the holders of Class A Common Stock, Class B Common Stock and Class C Capital Stock. The issuance of preferred stock, while
providing flexibility in connection with possible acquisitions and other corporate purposes, could, among other things, have the effect of
delaying, deferring or preventing a change in control of Alphabet and might harm the market price of our Class A Common Stock or Class C
Capital Stock.The particular terms of any series of preferred stock offered by us may include:
 • the number of shares of the preferred stock being offered;
 • the title and liquidation preference per share of the preferred stock;
 • the purchase price of the preferred stock;
 • the dividend rate or method for determining the dividend rate;
 • the dates on which dividends will be paid;
 • whether dividends on the preferred stock will be cumulative or noncumulative and, if cumulative, the dates from which
dividends shall commence to accumulate;
 • any redemption or sinking fund provisions applicable to the preferred stock;
 • any securities exchange on which the preferred stock may be listed; and
 •any additional dividend, liquidation, redemption, sinking fund and other rights and restrictions applicable to the preferred
stock.
Holders of preferred stock will be entitled to receive, when, as and if declared by our Board of Directors, cash dividends at the rates and on
the dates established by such series of preferred stock. Dividend rates may be fixed or variable or both. Different series of preferred stock
may be entitled to dividends at different dividend rates or based upon different methods of determination. Each dividend will be payable to
the holders of record as they appear on our stock books on record dates determined by our Board of Directors. Dividends on preferred
stock may be cumulative or noncumulative. If our Board of Directors fails to declare a dividend on any preferred stock for which dividends
are noncumulative, then the right to receive that dividend will be lost, and we will have no obligation to pay the dividend for that dividend
period, whether or not dividends are declared for any future dividend period.
Any series of preferred stock may be redeemable in whole or in part at our option. In addition, any series of preferred stock may be subject
to mandatory redemption pursuant to a sinking fund.
Anti-Takeover Effects of Our Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws and of Delaware Law
Certain provisions of our Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws and of the DGCL could have the effect of delaying, deferring, or
discouraging another party from acquiring control of us. In particular, our capital structure concentrates ownership of our voting stock in the
hands of Larry, Sergey, and Eric. These provisions, which are summarized below, are expected to discourage coercive takeover practices
and inadequate takeover bids. These provisions are also designed to encourage persons seeking to acquire control of us to first negotiate
with our Board of Directors. However, these provisions could also have the effect of discouraging others from attempting hostile takeovers
and, as a consequence, they may also inhibit temporary fluctuations in the market price of our Class A Common Stock or Class C Capital
Stock that often result from actual or rumored hostile takeover attempts. These provisions may also have the effect ofpreventing changes in our management. It is possible that these provisions could make it more difficult to accomplish transactions that
stockholders may otherwise deem to be in their best interests.
Three Classes of Stock
As discussed above, our Class B Common Stock has 10 votes per share, while our Class A Common Stock has one vote per share and our
Class C Capital Stock has no voting rights (unless otherwise required by law). As a result of their ownership of a substantial portion of our
Class B Common Stock, Larry and Sergey currently have the ability to elect all of our directors and to determine the outcome of most
matters submitted for a vote of our stockholders. This concentrated voting control could discourage others from initiating any potential
merger, takeover, or other change of control transaction that other stockholders may view as beneficial.
Because the Class C Capital Stock has no voting rights (except as required by law), the issuance of Class C Capital Stock will not result in
voting dilution to the holders of shares of Class A Common Stock or Class B Common Stock. As a result, the issuance of Class C Capital
Stock could prolong the duration of Larry and Sergey’s current relative ownership of our voting power and their ability to elect all of our
directors and to determine the outcome of most matters submitted to a vote of our stockholders.
 
So long as Larry and Sergey have the ability to determine the outcome of most matters submitted to a vote of our stockholders, third parties
may be deterred in their willingness to make an unsolicited merger, takeover, or other change of control proposal, or to engage in a proxy
contest for the election of directors. As a result, our three classes of stock may have the effect of depriving our stockholders of an
opportunity to sell their shares at a premium over prevailing market prices and make it more difficult to replace our directors and
management.
Special Approval for Change in Control Transactions
In the event a person seeks to acquire us by means of a merger or consolidation transaction, a purchase of all or substantially all of our
assets, or an issuance of our voting securities representing more than 2% of our outstanding shares at the time of issuance and that results
in any person or group owning more than 50% of our outstanding voting power, then these types of acquisition transactions must be
approved by our stockholders at an annual or special meeting. At this meeting, we must obtain the approval of stockholders representing
the greater of:
 
 • a majority of the voting power of our outstanding capital stock; and
 • 60% of the voting power of the shares of capital stock present in person or represented by proxy at the stockholder meeting
and entitled to vote.
Limits on Ability of Stockholders to Act by Written Consent
We have provided in our Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws that our stockholders may not act by written consent. This limit on the
ability of our stockholders to act by written consent may lengthen the amount of time required to take stockholder actions. As a result, no
stockholder, regardless of how large its holdings of our stock are, would be able to amend our Bylaws or remove directors without holding a
stockholders meeting.
Undesignated Preferred StockThe ability to authorize undesignated preferred stock makes it possible for our Board of Directors to issue preferred stock with voting or
other rights or preferences that could impede the success of any attempt to acquire us. These and other provisions may have the effect of
deferring or preventing hostile takeovers or delaying or preventing changes in control or management of our company.
Requirements for Advance Notification of Stockholder Nominations and Proposals
Our Bylaws establish advance notice procedures with respect to stockholder proposals and the nomination of candidates for election as
directors, other than nominations made by or at the direction of our Board of Directors or a committee of our Board of Directors. The Bylaws
do not give our Board of Directors the power to approve or disapprove stockholder nominations of candidates or proposals regarding
business to be conducted at a special or annual meeting of the stockholders. However, our Bylaws may have the effect of precluding the
conduct of certain business at a meeting if the proper procedures are not followed. These provisions may also discourage or deter a
potential acquirer from conducting a solicitation of proxies to elect the acquirer’s own slate of directors or otherwise attempting to obtain
control of our company.
Delaware Anti-Takeover Statute
We are subject to Section 203 of the DGCL regulating corporate takeovers. In general, Section 203 prohibits a publicly-held Delaware
corporation from engaging, under certain circumstances, in a business combination with an interested stockholder for a period of three
years following the date the person became an interested stockholder unless:
 • prior to the date of the transaction, the Board of Directors of the corporation approved either the business combination or
the transaction which resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder;
 • upon completion of the transaction that resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder, the stockholder
owned at least 85% of the voting stock of the corporation outstanding at the time the transaction commenced, excluding for
purposes of determining the number of shares outstanding (1) shares owned by persons who are directors and also
officers and (2) shares owned by employee stock plans in which employee participants do not have the right to determine
confidentially whether shares held subject to the plan will be tendered in a tender or exchange offer; or
 • on or subsequent to the date of the transaction, the business combination is approved by the Board of Directors and
authorized at an annual or special meeting of stockholders, and not by written consent, by the affirmative vote of at least 66
2⁄3% of the outstanding voting stock which is not owned by the interested stockholder.
Generally, a business combination includes a merger, asset or stock sale, or other transaction resulting in a financial benefit to the
interested stockholder. An interested stockholder is a person who owns 15% or more of a corporation’s outstanding voting securities, or is
an affiliate or associate of the corporation and within three years prior to the determination of interested stockholder status did own 15% or
more of a corporation’s outstanding voting securities, and affiliates and associates of such person. The existence of this provision may have
an anti-takeover effect with respect to transactions our Board of Directors does not approve in advance. Section 203 may also discourage
attempts that might result in a premium over the market price for the shares of capital stock held by stockholders.
 
ListingOur Class C Capital Stock and Class A Common Stock are listed on The NASDAQ Global Select Market under the symbols “GOOG”
and “GOOGL” respectively. Our Class B Common Stock is not listed on any stock market or exchange.                
Exhibit 10.08.1
ALPHABET INC.
AMENDED AND RESTATED 2012 STOCK PLAN
ALPHABET RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AGREEMENT
This Alphabet Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (the “Agreement”) is entered into as of [DATE] (the “Grant Date”) by and between
[NAME] (the “Participant”) and Alphabet Inc., a Delaware corporation (“Alphabet”, and together with its Subsidiaries, the “Company”).
I. GRANT OF AWARD
Alphabet has granted the Participant an award of Alphabet restricted stock units (the “GSUs”) pursuant to the Alphabet Inc.
Amended and Restated 2012 Stock Plan (the “Plan”). Each GSU represents the right to receive one share of Capital Stock, subject to the
terms and conditions of the Plan and this Agreement, including any special terms and conditions for the jurisdiction in which the Participant
resides contained in Exhibit A or any other appendix hereto (the “Appendix”). Certain details of the GSUs, specifically the number of GSUs
and the vesting schedule of the GSUs (collectively, the “GSU Details”) are accessible to the Participant through the Participant’s brokerage
account and the GSU Details are hereby incorporated into this Agreement by reference. Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined in
this Agreement shall have the meanings given to such terms in the Plan.
II. TERMS OF GSUs
1.    Vesting of GSUs.
(a)    In General. Except as otherwise provided in subsection (b) below, the GSUs will vest in accordance with the vesting
schedule set forth in the GSU Details, subject to the Participant’s continued employment with, or service to, the Company on each
applicable vesting date. In the event the Participant ceases to be employed by, or ceases to provide services to, the Company for any
reason except his or her death (as set forth in subsection (b) below), if applicable, all of the then outstanding and unvested GSUs will be
forfeited effective as of the date that the Participant ceases to be employed by, or ceases to provide services to, the Company (the
“Termination Date”) and the Participant will have no further rights to such unvested GSUs. Unless and until the GSUs have vested, the
Participant will have no right to the delivery of any shares of Capital Stock pursuant thereto and prior to the actual delivery of the shares of
Capital Stock pursuant to the GSUs, the GSUs represent an unfunded, unsecured obligation of the Company, payable (if at all) only from
the general assets of the Company.
(b)    Death of Participant. In the event that the Participant ceases to be employed by, or ceases to provide services to, the
Company as a result of the Participant’s death, then (i) all of the then outstanding and unvested GSUs shall immediately vest as of the
Termination Date, and (ii) any delivery of shares of Capital Stock to be made to the Participant under this Agreement will be made to the
Participant’s designated beneficiary, provided, that, such beneficiary has been designated prior to the Participant’s death; in the absence of
any such effective designation, the shares will be delivered to the administrator or executor of the Participant’s estate. Any such
administrator or executor must furnish Alphabet with (A) written notice of his or her status as transferee, (B) a copy of the will and/or such
evidence as the Committee may deem necessary to establish the validity of the transfer, and (C) an agreement by the transferee to comply
with all the terms and conditions of the GSUs that are or would be applicable to the Participant and to be bound by the acknowledgments
made by the Participant hereunder. Delivery of the shares of Capital Stock pursuant to the GSUs will be made as soon as practicable
following the Termination Date but in no event later than thirty (30) days following such date.
12.    Settlement of GSUs. Settlement of vested GSUs shall occur as soon as practicable following the applicable vesting date, but in
no event later than thirty (30) days following such vesting date. Alphabet will settle the vested GSUs by issuing (either in book-entry form or
otherwise) to the Participant (or the Participant’s beneficiary or estate, in the event of the Participant’s death), one share of Capital Stock for
each vested GSU, subject to satisfaction of all applicable Tax-Related Items, as described in Section 4 below.
3.    Leave of Absence; Reduced Schedule. Vesting of the GSUs during (i) any leave of absence of the Participant and (ii) any
period during which the Participant works a reduced schedule, shall be subject to the terms and conditions of the Leaves of Absence and
Stock Vesting Policy, as in effect on the Grant Date.
4.    Taxes.
(a)    Liability for Tax-Related Items. The Participant acknowledges that the Participant is ultimately liable and responsible
for any and all income taxes (including federal, state and local income taxes), social insurance, payroll taxes and other tax-related
withholding (the “Tax-Related Items”) arising in connection with the GSUs, regardless of any action the Company takes with respect to such
Tax-Related Items. The Participant further acknowledges that the Company (i) does not make any representation or undertaking regarding
the treatment of any Tax-Related Items in connection with any aspect of the GSUs, including the grant, vesting and settlement of the GSUs,
or the subsequent sale of shares of Capital Stock acquired upon settlement of the GSUs and (ii) does not commit, and is under no
obligation, to structure the terms of the GSUs or any aspect of the GSUs to reduce or eliminate the Participant’s liability for Tax-Related
Items or achieve any particular tax result.
(b)    Payment of Withholding Taxes. Notwithstanding any contrary provision of this Agreement, no portion of the GSUs will
be settled unless and until satisfactory arrangements (as determined by the Committee) have been made by the Participant with respect to
the payment of any taxes which the Company determines must be withheld with respect to such portion of the GSUs; provided, that, if the
Participant fails to make satisfactory arrangements with respect to such taxes within two and one half (2.5) months following the end of the
calendar year in which the applicable vesting date occurs, then the applicable portion of the GSUs shall be forfeited.
(i)    Unless the Participant is a director or executive officer (within the meaning of Section 16 of the Exchange Act
and the regulations thereunder) of Alphabet (each, a “Section 16 Person”) at the time that the GSUs, or a portion thereof, are settled, the
Committee may use any method permitted by the Plan to satisfy the federal, state and local withholding tax requirements attributable to the
GSUs, or portion thereof, being settled; and
(ii)    If the Participant is a Section 16 Person at the time that the GSUs, or a portion thereof, are settled, then the
Committee shall, pursuant to such procedures as it may specify from time to time, withhold a number of shares of Capital Stock otherwise
issuable upon settlement of the GSUs, or portion thereof, having an aggregate Fair Market Value sufficient to satisfy the federal, state and
local withholding tax requirements attributable to the GSUs, or such portion thereof, but not greater than the withholding obligations, as
determined by the Committee in its discretion; provided, that, the Committee hereby reserves the discretion to amend this Agreement by
notice to the Participant and without obtaining the Participant’s consent, to allow the Committee to use any one or more methods permitted
by the Plan to satisfy the federal, state and local withholding tax requirements attributable to the GSUs, or portion thereof, being settled.
5.    Rights as Stockholder. Neither the Participant nor any person claiming under or through the Participant will have any of the
rights or privileges of a stockholder of Alphabet in respect of any shares of Capital Stock deliverable pursuant to the GSUs unless and until
such shares of Capital Stock have been issued on the records of Alphabet or its transfer agents or registrars. After such issuance, the
Participant will have all the rights as a stockholder of Alphabet with respect to such shares of Capital Stock.
26.    No Special Employment Rights; No Right to Future Awards. Nothing contained in this Agreement shall confer upon the
Participant any right with respect to the continuation of his or her employment by, or service to, the Company or interfere in any way with the
right of the Company at any time to terminate such employment or service or to increase or decrease the compensation of the Participant
from the rate in existence at the Grant Date. The grant of the GSUs is at the sole discretion of Alphabet and does not create any contractual
or other right to receive future awards of GSUs, or benefits in lieu of GSUs, even if GSUs have been awarded to the Participant repeatedly
in the past.
7.    GSUs Not Transferable. Except to the limited extent provided in Section 1(b) above, the GSUs and the rights and privileges
conferred hereby may not be transferred, assigned, pledged or hypothecated in any way by the Participant (whether by operation of law or
otherwise) and may not be subject to sale under execution, attachment or similar process. Any attempt by the Participant to transfer, assign,
pledge, hypothecate or otherwise transfer the GSUs, or any right or privilege conferred hereby, and any attempted sale under any
execution, attachment or similar process, shall be void and unenforceable against the Company.
8.    Modification; Entire Agreement; Waiver. No modification of any provision of this Agreement which reduces the Participant’s
rights hereunder will be valid unless the same is agreed to in writing by the parties hereto. This Agreement, including the Appendix and the
GSU Details, together with the Plan, represent the entire agreement between the parties with respect to the GSUs. The failure of Alphabet
to enforce at any time any provision of this Agreement will in no way be construed to be a waiver of such provision or of any other provision
hereof. Alphabet reserves the right, however, to the extent Alphabet deems necessary or advisable in its sole discretion, to unilaterally alter
or modify the terms of the GSUs set forth in this Agreement in order to ensure that the GSUs either qualify for exemption from, or comply
with, the requirements of Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and the regulations promulgated thereunder
(“Section 409A”); provided, however that the Company makes no representations that the GSUs will be exempt from, or will comply with,
the requirements of Section 409A.
9.    Binding Agreement. Subject to the limitation on the transferability of the GSUs contained herein, this Agreement will be binding
upon and inure to the benefit of the heirs, legatees, legal representatives, successors and assigns of the parties hereto.
10.    Additional Conditions to Issuance of Shares of Capital Stock. Alphabet shall not be required to issue any shares of Capital
Stock hereunder prior to fulfillment of all of the following conditions: (a) the completion of any registration or other qualification of such
shares of Capital Stock under any federal or state law or under the rulings or regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission or
any other governmental regulatory body, or under any stock exchange on which the shares of Capital Stock are listed for trading, which the
Committee shall, in its absolute discretion, deem necessary or advisable; (b) the obtaining of any approval or other clearance from any
federal or state governmental agency, which the Committee shall, in its absolute discretion, determine to be necessary or advisable; and
(c) the lapse of such reasonable period of time not to exceed thirty (30) days following the applicable vesting date of any portion of the
GSUs as the Committee may establish from time to time for reasons of administrative convenience.
11.    Plan Governs. This Agreement is subject in all respects to all terms and provisions of the Plan and the Plan document is
hereby incorporated into this Agreement. In the event of a conflict between one or more provisions of this Agreement and one or more
provisions of the Plan, the provisions of the Plan will control.
12.    Policy Against Insider Trading. By accepting the GSUs, the Participant acknowledges that (a) a copy of Alphabet’s Policy
Against Insider Trading (the “Trading Policy”) has been made available to the Participant, (b) the Participant has had an opportunity to
review the Trading Policy and (c) the Participant is bound by all the terms and conditions of the Trading Policy.
313.    Committee Authority. The Committee has full discretionary authority to administer the Plan, including discretionary authority to
interpret and construe any and all provisions of the Plan and this Agreement and to adopt and amend from time to time such rules and
regulations for the administration of the Plan as the Committee may deem necessary or appropriate. All actions taken and all interpretations
and determinations made by the Committee will be final and binding upon the Participant, the Company and all other interested persons.
14.    Captions. Captions provided herein are for convenience only and shall not affect the scope, meaning, intent or interpretation
of the provisions of this Agreement.
15.    Severability. In the event that any provision in this Agreement is held to be invalid or unenforceable for any reason, such
provision will be severable from, and such invalidity or unenforceability will not be construed to have any effect on, the remaining provisions
of this Agreement.
16.    Governing Law. This Agreement shall be construed and administered in accordance with the laws of the State of New York
without regard to its conflict of law principles.
17.    Section 409A Compliance. It is intended that the Plan and the Agreement comply with, or be exempt from the requirements of
Section 409A and any related guidance promulgated with respect to such Section by the U.S. Department of the Treasury or the Internal
Revenue Service. Accordingly, to the maximum extent permitted, this Agreement shall be interpreted and administered to be in compliance
therewith or exempt therefrom. Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, to the extent required in order to avoid
accelerated taxation and/or tax penalties under Section 409A, the Participant shall not be considered to have terminated employment with,
or service to, the Company for purposes of this Agreement until the Participant would be considered to have incurred a “separation from
service” from the Company within the meaning of Section 409A. Each amount to be paid or benefit to be provided pursuant to this
Agreement shall be construed as a separate identified payment for purposes of Section 409A.
18.    Employee Data Privacy.
(a)    The Participant hereby explicitly and unambiguously consents to the collection, use and transfer, in electronic or other
form, of his or her personal data as described in this Agreement by and among, as applicable, the Company and its Subsidiaries and
affiliates for the exclusive purpose of implementing, administering and managing the Participant’s participation in the Plan.
(b)    The Participant understands that the Company may hold certain personal information about him or her, including, but
not limited to, the Participant’s name, home address and telephone number, date of birth, social insurance number or other identification
number, salary, nationality, job title, any shares of Capital Stock or directorships held in the Company, details of all entitlement to shares of
Capital Stock awarded, canceled, exercised, vested, unvested or outstanding in Participant’s favor, for the purpose of implementing,
administering and managing the Plan (“Data”).
(c)    The Participant understands that Data will be transferred to Charles Schwab & Co., Inc., Morgan Stanley Smith
Barney LLC, and/or such other third parties as may be selected by the Company in the future to assist the Company with the
implementation, administration and management of the Plan, that these recipients may be located in the Participant’s country or elsewhere,
and that the recipient’s country may have different data privacy laws and protections than the Participant’s country. The Participant
understands that he or she may request a list with the names and addresses of any potential recipients of the Data by contacting the
Participant’s local human resources representative.
(d)    The Participant authorizes the Company, Charles Schwab & Co., Inc., Morgan Stanley Smith Barney LLC, and any
other possible recipients which may assist the Company (presently or in the future) with implementing, administering and managing the
Plan to receive, possess, use, retain and transfer the Data, in electronic or other form, for the sole purpose of implementing, administering
and
4managing the Participant’s participation in the Plan, including any requisite transfer of such Data as may be required to a broker or other
third party with whom the Participant may elect to deposit any shares of Capital Stock acquired upon settlement of the GSUs. The
Participant understands that Data will be held only as long as is necessary to implement, administer and manage the Participant’s
participation in the Plan. The Participant understands that the Participant may, at any time, view Data, request additional information about
the storage and processing of Data, require any necessary amendments to Data or refuse or withdraw the consents herein, in any case
without cost, by contacting in writing the Participant’s local human resources representative. The Participant understands, however, that
refusing or withdrawing consent may affect the Participant’s ability to participate in the Plan. For more information on the consequences of
the refusal to consent or withdrawal of consent, the Participant understands that he or she may contact his or her local human resources
representative.
19.    Appendix. Notwithstanding any provisions in this Agreement, if the Participant resides outside of the United States, certain
additional general terms and conditions as set forth in the Appendix will apply to the Participant. In addition, the GSUs shall be subject to
any special terms and conditions set forth in the Appendix for the jurisdiction in which the Participant resides. If the Participant relocates
from the United States to a country outside the United States or relocates between the jurisdictions specified in the Appendix, the additional
general and special terms and conditions, as applicable, will apply to the Participant, to the extent that Alphabet determines that the
application of such terms and conditions is necessary or advisable in order to comply with local law or facilitate the administration of the
Plan. The Appendix constitutes part of this Agreement.
20.    Acceptance. The Participant must accept the GSUs and agree to the terms and conditions of the GSUs as set forth in the
Plan and this Agreement (including the GSU Details and the Appendix), by electronically accepting this Agreement immediately following
the Grant Date.
5                
Exhibit 10.08.2
ALPHABET INC.
AMENDED AND RESTATED 2012 STOCK PLAN
ALPHABET PERFORMANCE STOCK UNIT AGREEMENT
This Alphabet Performance Stock Unit Agreement (this “Agreement”) is entered into as of December 19, 2019 (the “Grant Date”) by
and between Sundar Pichai (the “Participant”) and Alphabet Inc., a Delaware corporation (“Alphabet”, and together with its Subsidiaries, the
“Company”).
I. GRANTS
Pursuant to the Amended and Restated Alphabet Inc. 2012 Stock Plan (the “Plan”), Alphabet hereby awards grants of performance
stock units (“PSUs,” and each grant of PSUs, a “Grant”) with Target Awards and Performance Periods as set forth in the table below.
Grant Target Award Performance Period
Tranche A 34,502 PSUs January 1, 2020 – December 31, 2021
Tranche B 34,502 PSUs January 1, 2020 – December 31, 2022
Each PSU represents the right to receive one share of Capital Stock, subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan and this
Agreement. The number of PSUs earned under each Grant may be equal to, greater than or less than its Target Award (including zero).
Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined in this Agreement shall have the meanings given to such terms in the Plan.
II. TERMS OF PSUs
1.    Vesting of PSUs.
(a)    In General. Except as otherwise provided in subsections (b) and (c) below, the number of PSUs (if any) earned by the
Participant under each Grant based on Alphabet’s performance against the Performance Goals (as defined in Exhibit A) during the
applicable Performance Period as determined by the Committee in accordance with Exhibit A (each, a “Final Award”) will vest on the
Determination Date (as defined in Exhibit A) for such Grant, subject to the Participant’s continued employment with, or service to, the
Company through such date, and be settled in accordance with Section II.2 below, and any unvested PSUs will be forfeited as of the
Determination Date and the Participant will have no further rights to such unvested PSUs. In the event the Participant ceases to be
employed by, or ceases to provide services to, the Company prior to the Determination Date for a Grant for any reason other than (i) death
(as set forth in subsection (b) below) or (ii) termination by the Company without Cause (as set forth in subsection (c) below), all of the then
outstanding and unvested PSUs granted under this Agreement will be forfeited effective as of the date that the Participant ceases to be
employed by, or ceases to provide services to, the Company (the “Termination Date”) and the Participant will have no further rights to such
unvested PSUs. Prior to any actual delivery of shares of Capital Stock pursuant to the PSUs, the PSUs represent an unfunded, unsecured
obligation of the Company, payable (if at all) only from the general assets of the Company.
(b)    Death of the Participant. In the event that the Participant ceases to be employed by, or ceases to provide services to,
the Company as a result of the Participant’s death (i)(x) prior to the start of the Performance Period of a Grant or during the Performance
Period of a Grant, then the Target Award in respect of such Grant shall immediately vest as of the Termination Date or (y) following the end
of the Performance Period of a Grant but prior to its Determination Date, then the Final Award (as determined by
1the Committee in accordance with Exhibit A) in respect of such Grant shall immediately vest as of such Determination Date and (ii) any
delivery of shares of Capital Stock to be made to the Participant under this Agreement will be made, subject to satisfaction of all applicable
Tax-Related Items, as described in Section II.4 below, to the Participant’s designated beneficiary; provided, that, such beneficiary has been
designated prior to the Participant’s death; in the absence of any such effective designation, the shares will be delivered to the administrator
or executor of the Participant’s estate. Any such administrator or executor must furnish Alphabet with (A) written notice of his or her status
as transferee, (B) a copy of the will and/or such evidence as the Committee may deem necessary to establish the validity of the transfer,
and (C) an agreement by the transferee to comply with all the terms and conditions of PSUs that are or would be applicable to the
Participant and to be bound by the acknowledgments made by the Participant hereunder. Delivery of the shares of Capital Stock in respect
of PSUs vesting pursuant to this Section II.1(b) will be made as soon as practicable following the Termination Date or the Determination
Date, as applicable, but in no event later than forty five (45) days following such date and the Company shall have no further obligations
under this Agreement.
(c)    Termination of the Participant without Cause. In the event that the Participant ceases to be employed by, or ceases to
provide services to, the Company as a result of the Company’s termination of the Participant’s employment or services without Cause prior
to the Determination Date for a Grant, then the number of PSUs (if any) calculated by multiplying the Final Award (as determined by the
Committee in accordance with Exhibit A) in respect of such Grant by a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of calendar days
during the Performance Period during which the Participant was employed by, or providing services to, the Company and the denominator
of which is the aggregate number of calendar days in the Performance Period, will vest and be settled in accordance with Section II.2 below
and any unvested PSUs will be forfeited as of the Determination Date and the Participant will have no further rights to such unvested PSUs;
provided, that if the Termination Date occurs prior to the start of the Performance Period of a Grant, all PSUs under the Grant will be
immediately forfeited as of the Termination Date and the Participant will have no further rights to such PSUs.
For purposes of this Agreement, “Cause” means any of the following: (i) a willful failure by Participant, in the good faith
judgment of the Board, to substantially perform the duties associated and consistent with the scope of the Participant’s position; (ii) the
Participant’s refusal to implement or follow a lawful directive from the Board; (iii) the Participant’s breach of fiduciary duty to the Company;
(iv) the Participant’s material breach of any written agreement between the Participant and the Company, including, without limitation, any
applicable At-Will Employment, Confidential Information and Invention Assignment Agreement; (v) the Participant's intentional engagement
in conduct that is materially injurious to the Company (economically or reputationally), including but not limited to, misappropriation of trade
secrets or any other tangible or intangible property of the Company, fraud or embezzlement, but excluding any conduct by Participant that is
consistent with or pursuant to a lawful directive of the Board; (vi) the Participant's material violation of a material provision of the Code of
Conduct or any policy of Alphabet, Google LLC or any other affiliate of Alphabet that is applicable to the Participant (e.g., policy against
sexual harassment, Alphabet's Policy Against Insider Trading (the "Trading Policy"), etc.); (vii) the Participant's material violation of any
federal or state law or regulation applicable to the business of the Company; (viii) the Participant's violation of any securities laws, rules or
regulations, or the rules and regulations of any securities exchange or association of which the Company is a member, failure to cooperate
with the Company in any investigation or formal proceeding or being found liable in a Securities and Exchange Commission enforcement
action or otherwise being disqualified from serving in the Participant’s position; (ix) the Participant’s engaging in gross misconduct; or (x) the
Participant’s commission of a felony under the laws of the United States or any state thereof or any comparably-classified crime under the
laws of a non-US jurisdiction or other serious crime involving moral turpitude. Notwithstanding the foregoing, termination of the Participant's
employment or service under (i), (ii), (iii), (iv) or (vi) (only) above will not be for “Cause” unless the Participant: (a) is provided with written
notice setting forth with specificity the conduct alleged to constitute “Cause,” (b) is provided not less than 30 days following such notice (the
“Cure Period”) to cure or remedy such conduct (to the extent susceptible of cure or remedy) prior to the effective date of the Participant's
termination of employment or services, during which period the Participant shall be provided the opportunity at the
2Participant’s election to address the Board with respect to such conduct (with the assistance of legal counsel, if requested) and (c) fails to
cure or remedy such conduct during the Cure Period.
2.    Settlement of PSUs. Settlement of vested PSUs in respect of a Grant shall occur as soon as practicable following the
applicable Determination Date, but in no event later than forty five (45) days following such Determination Date, and the Company shall
have no further obligations under such Grant. Alphabet will settle vested PSUs by issuing (either in book-entry form or otherwise) to the
Participant (or the Participant’s beneficiary or estate, in the event of the Participant’s death), one share of Capital Stock for each vested
PSU, subject to satisfaction of all applicable Tax-Related Items, as described in Section II.4 below.
3.    Adjustment Upon Certain Changes. In the event of any transaction or other event described in Section 9 of the Plan, each
Grant shall be treated the same way as all other restricted stock units issued under the Plan held by the executive officers of Alphabet in
office at the time of such event; provided, that in addition to any actions taken by the Committee in respect of such awards pursuant to
Sections 9(c) and (d) of the Plan, to the extent determined by the Committee to be necessary and appropriate in its sole discretion, the
number of PSUs subject to each Grant will be fixed at its Target Award.
4.    Taxes.
(a)    Liability for Tax-Related Items. The Participant acknowledges that the Participant is ultimately liable and responsible
for any and all income taxes (including federal, state and local income taxes), payroll taxes and other tax-related withholding (the “Tax-
Related Items”) arising in connection with PSUs, regardless of any action the Company takes with respect to such Tax-Related Items. The
Participant further acknowledges that the Company (i) does not make any representation or undertaking regarding the treatment of any Tax-
Related Items in connection with any aspect of PSUs, including the grant, vesting and settlement of PSUs under any Grant, or the
subsequent sale of shares of Capital Stock acquired upon settlement of any PSUs and (ii) does not commit, and is under no obligation, to
structure the terms of PSUs or any aspect of PSUs under any Grant to reduce or eliminate the Participant’s liability for Tax-Related Items or
achieve any particular tax result.
(b)    Payment of Withholding Taxes. Alphabet shall, pursuant to such procedures as the Committee may specify from time
to time, withhold a number of shares of Capital Stock otherwise issuable upon settlement of any vested PSUs having an aggregate Fair
Market Value sufficient to satisfy the federal, state and local withholding tax requirements attributable to vested PSUs but not greater than
the withholding obligations, as determined by the Committee in its discretion; provided, that, the Committee hereby reserves the discretion
to amend this Agreement by notice to the Participant and without obtaining the Participant’s consent, to allow the Committee to use any one
or more methods permitted by the Plan to satisfy the federal, state and local withholding tax requirements attributable to the PSUs being
settled.
5.    Rights as Stockholder. Neither the Participant nor any person claiming under or through the Participant will have any of the
rights or privileges of a stockholder of Alphabet in respect of any shares of Capital Stock deliverable pursuant to PSUs unless and until such
shares of Capital Stock have been issued on the records of Alphabet or its transfer agents or registrars. After such issuance, the Participant
will have all the rights as a stockholder of Alphabet with respect to such shares of Capital Stock.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event that any dividend or other distribution is declared and paid on shares of Capital
Stock after the Grant Date, but prior to the complete settlement, cancellation or forfeiture of any PSUs under a Grant, the Participant shall
be entitled to receive, upon settlement of any Grant, an amount equal to the dividends or other distributions that would have been paid or
issued on the number of shares of Capital Stock actually vested and issuable to Participant pursuant to such Grant had they been
outstanding during such period, as calculated by the Committee in its discretion. Such dividend equivalent amount will be settled with the
Participant, upon settlement of the Award, in the same form, and in the same amount, as the actual dividend or distribution was paid to the
holders of the Capital Stock.
36.    No Special Employment Rights; No Right to Future Awards. Nothing contained in this Agreement shall confer upon the
Participant any right with respect to the continuation of the Participant’s employment by, or service to, the Company or interfere in any way
with the right of the Company at any time to terminate such employment or service or to increase or decrease the compensation of the
Participant from the rate in existence at the Grant Date. The award of the Grants is at the sole discretion of Alphabet and does not create
any contractual or other right to receive future grants of PSUs, or benefits in lieu of PSUs, even if PSUs have been awarded to the
Participant repeatedly in the past.
7.    PSUs Not Transferable. Except to the limited extent provided in Section II.1(b) above, PSUs and the rights and privileges
conferred under the Grants awarded hereby may not be transferred, assigned, pledged or hypothecated in any way by the Participant
(whether by operation of law or otherwise) and may not be subject to sale under execution, attachment or similar process. Any attempt by
the Participant to transfer, assign, pledge, hypothecate or otherwise transfer PSUs, or any right or privilege conferred under the Grants
awarded hereby, and any attempted sale under any execution, attachment or similar process, shall be void and unenforceable against the
Company.
Notwithstanding the immediately preceding paragraph, and subject to the terms and conditions of this paragraph, the
Participant may, with the Company's express written consent, transfer all or a portion of any unvested Grants (but only a whole number of
PSUs subject to any Grant) into one or more trusts for the purposes of estate planning (the "Trust"). Any Trust must: (a) be subject to any
and all terms and conditions of the Plan and this Agreement, including, but not limited to, Section II.1 of this Agreement; (b) be described in
General Instruction A.1(a)(5) of Form S-8; (c) not provide Participant with any consideration in connection with a transfer permitted under
this paragraph; and (d) if requested by the Company, comply with the Trading Policy (as it may be amended from time to time). The
Participant acknowledges and agrees that the Company has not made, and does not make in connection with the Grants made under this
Agreement, any representations under any applicable law, including, but not limited to, federal or state tax, securities, property, probate or
other estate laws, and that the Participant is solely responsible for compliance with all such applicable laws, with respect to any Grants or
PSUs transferred into a Trust as permitted under this paragraph.
8.    Modification; Entire Agreement; Waiver. No modification of any provision of this Agreement which reduces the Participant’s
rights hereunder will be valid unless the same is agreed to in writing by the parties hereto. This Agreement, including Exhibit A, together
with the Plan, represent the entire agreement between the parties with respect to the PSUs awarded by the Grants hereunder. The failure of
Alphabet to enforce at any time any provision of this Agreement will in no way be construed to be a waiver of such provision or of any other
provision hereof. Alphabet reserves the right, however, to the extent Alphabet deems necessary or advisable in its sole discretion, to
unilaterally alter or modify the terms of the Grants awarded under this Agreement in order to ensure that PSUs either qualify for exemption
from, or comply with, the requirements of Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and the regulations
promulgated thereunder (“Section 409A”); provided, however that the Company makes no representations that PSUs will be exempt from,
or will comply with, the requirements of Section 409A.
9.    Binding Agreement. Subject to the limitation on the transferability of PSUs contained herein, this Agreement will be binding
upon and inure to the benefit of the heirs, legatees, legal representatives, successors and assigns of the parties hereto.
10.    Additional Conditions to Issuance of Shares of Capital Stock. Alphabet shall not be required to issue any shares of Capital
Stock hereunder prior to fulfillment of all of the following conditions: (a) the completion of any registration or other qualification of such
shares of Capital Stock under any federal or state law or under the rulings or regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission or
any other governmental regulatory body, or under any stock exchange on which the shares of Capital Stock are listed for trading, which the
Committee shall, in its absolute discretion, deem necessary or advisable; (b) the obtaining of any approval or other clearance from any
federal or state governmental agency, which the Committee shall, in its absolute discretion, determine to be necessary or advisable; and
(c) the lapse of such
4reasonable period of time not to exceed forty-five (45) days following a Determination Date as the Committee may establish from time to
time for reasons of administrative convenience.
11.    Plan Governs. This Agreement is subject in all respects to all terms and provisions of the Plan and the Plan document is
hereby incorporated into this Agreement. In the event of a conflict between one or more provisions of this Agreement and one or more
provisions of the Plan, the provisions of the Plan will control.
12.    Policy Against Insider Trading; Recoupment.
(a)    By accepting the Grants, the Participant acknowledges that (i) a copy of the Trading Policy has been made available
to the Participant, (ii) the Participant has had an opportunity to review the Trading Policy and (iii) the Participant is bound by all the terms
and conditions of the Trading Policy.
(b)    By accepting the Grants, the Participant agrees that (i) incentive-based compensation paid to the Participant pursuant
to this Agreement may be subject to recoupment or clawback to the extent permitted or required by applicable law (A) in the event of a
restatement of financial statements due to material noncompliance with any financial reporting requirement as a result of misconduct by any
person or (B) as may be required by any applicable listing standards of a national securities exchange adopted in accordance with Section
954 of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and any implementing rules and regulations of the U.S. Securities
and Exchange Commission adopted thereunder, and (ii) by accepting the Grants pursuant to the Plan and this Agreement, Participant
authorizes such clawback and agrees to comply with any Company request or demand for such recoupment.
13.    Committee Authority. The Committee has full discretionary authority to administer the Plan, including discretionary authority to
interpret and construe any and all provisions of the Plan and this Agreement and to adopt and amend from time to time such rules and
regulations for the administration of the Plan as the Committee may deem necessary or appropriate. All actions taken and all interpretations
and determinations made by the Committee will be final and binding upon the Participant, the Company and all other interested persons.
14.    Captions. Captions provided herein are for convenience only and shall not affect the scope, meaning, intent or interpretation
of the provisions of this Agreement.
15.    Severability. In the event that any provision in this Agreement is held to be invalid or unenforceable for any reason, such
provision will be severable from, and such invalidity or unenforceability will not be construed to have any effect on, the remaining provisions
of this Agreement.
16.    Governing Law. This Agreement shall be construed and administered in accordance with the laws of the State of California
without regard to its conflict of law principles.
17.    Section 409A Compliance. It is intended that the Plan and the Agreement comply with, or be exempt from, the requirements
of Section 409A and any related guidance promulgated with respect to such Section by the U.S. Department of the Treasury or the Internal
Revenue Service. Accordingly, to the maximum extent permitted, this Agreement shall be interpreted and administered to be in compliance
therewith or exempt therefrom. Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, to the extent required in order to avoid
accelerated taxation and/or tax penalties under Section 409A, the Participant shall not be considered to have terminated employment with,
or service to, the Company for purposes of this Agreement until the Participant would be considered to have incurred a “separation from
service” from the Company within the meaning of Section 409A. Each amount to be paid or benefit to be provided pursuant to this
Agreement shall be construed as a separate identified payment for purposes of Section 409A.
18.    Employee Data Privacy.
5(a)    The Participant hereby explicitly and unambiguously consents to the collection, use and transfer, in electronic or other
form, of the Participant’s personal data as described in this Agreement by and among, as applicable, the Company and its Subsidiaries and
affiliates for the exclusive purpose of implementing, administering and managing the Participant’s participation in the Plan.
(b)    The Participant understands that the Company may hold certain personal information about him, including, but not
limited to, the Participant’s name, home address and telephone number, date of birth, social insurance number or other identification
number, salary, nationality, job title, any shares of Capital Stock or directorships held in the Company, details of all entitlement to shares of
Capital Stock awarded, canceled, exercised, vested, unvested or outstanding in Participant’s favor, for the purpose of implementing,
administering and managing the Plan (“Data”).
(c)    The Participant understands that Data will be transferred to Charles Schwab & Co., Inc., Morgan Stanley Smith
Barney LLC, and/or such other third parties as may be selected by the Company in the future to assist the Company with the
implementation, administration and management of the Plan, that these recipients may be located in the Participant’s country or elsewhere,
and that the recipient’s country may have different data privacy laws and protections than the Participant’s country. The Participant
understands that he or she may request a list with the names and addresses of any potential recipients of the Data by contacting the
Participant’s local human resources representative.
(d)    The Participant authorizes the Company, Charles Schwab & Co., Inc., Morgan Stanley Smith Barney LLC, and any
other possible recipients which may assist the Company (presently or in the future) with implementing, administering and managing the
Plan to receive, possess, use, retain and transfer the Data, in electronic or other form, for the sole purpose of implementing, administering
and managing the Participant’s participation in the Plan, including any requisite transfer of such Data as may be required to a broker or
other third party with whom the Participant may elect to deposit any shares of Capital Stock acquired upon settlement of the PSUs. The
Participant understands that Data will be held only as long as is necessary to implement, administer and manage the Participant’s
participation in the Plan. The Participant understands that the Participant may, at any time, view Data, request additional information about
the storage and processing of Data, require any necessary amendments to Data or refuse or withdraw the consents herein, in any case
without cost, by contacting in writing the Participant’s local human resources representative. The Participant understands, however, that
refusing or withdrawing consent may affect the Participant’s ability to participate in the Plan. For more information on the consequences of
the refusal to consent or withdrawal of consent, the Participant understands that he or she may contact the Participant’s local human
resources representative.
19.    Acceptance. The Participant must accept the Grants and agree to the terms and conditions of the Grants as set forth in the
Plan and this Agreement (including Exhibit A), by electronically accepting this Agreement immediately following the Grant Date.
6EXHIBIT A
A. Performance Goals. The number of PSUs that may be earned under each Grant will be determined based on Alphabet’s
achievement of Threshold, Target or Maximum levels (“Performance Goals”) of cumulative total shareholder return (“TSR”) vs. the
respective TSRs of the constituent companies in the S&P 100 Index (the “S&P 100 Index Companies”) (the “TSR Performance”) over the
Performance Period in respect of such Grant.
Performance Goals Alphabet’s Percentile Rank Relative to Peer
CompaniesPercentage of Target Award Earned
(straight-line interpolation between Threshold
and Target; and Target and Maximum)
Minimum Below 25th percentile 0%
Threshold At 25th percentile 50%
Target At 50th percentile 100%
Maximum At or above 75th percentile 200%
TSR Performance for Alphabet and for the S&P 100 Index Companies (each, a “Peer Company”) shall be calculated as follows:
(Ending Average Share Price – Starting Average Share Price) + Dividends Reinvested
Starting Average Share Price
Where:
Starting Average Share Price for both Alphabet and the Peer Companies is equal to the average closing price for each trading day
in the 90 calendar day period ending on the calendar day immediately preceding the first day of the Performance Period.
Ending Average Share Price for both Alphabet and the Peer Companies is equal to the average closing price for each trading day
in the 90 calendar day period ending on the last calendar day of the Performance Period (inclusive of such last day).
The Peer Companies are those companies (other than Alphabet) comprising the S&P 100 Index on the Grant Date adjusted as
follows in the event of certain corporate events in connection with the Peer Companies:
7Merger with Company in Peer GroupIn the event of a merger, acquisition or business combination transaction of a Peer Company
with or by another Peer Company, the surviving entity shall remain a Peer Company.
Merger with Company not in Peer
Group where Peer Company survivesIn the event of a merger of a Peer Company with an entity that is not a Peer Company, or the
acquisition or business combination transaction of a Peer Company by an entity that is not a Peer
Company, in each case where the Peer Company is the surviving entity and remains publicly
traded, the surviving entity shall remain a Peer Company.
Merger with Company not in Peer
Group where Peer Company is not
the survivor/Peer Company taken
privateIn the event of a merger or acquisition or business combination transaction of a Peer Company by
or with an entity that is not a Peer Company or a “going private” transaction involving a Peer
Company where the Peer Company is not the surviving entity or is otherwise no longer publicly
traded, the company shall no longer be a Peer Company.
Bankruptcy, Liquidation or Delisting In the event of a bankruptcy, liquidation or delisting of a Peer Company at any time during the
Performance Period, such company shall remain a Peer Company and be assigned a TSR of
-100%. Delisting shall mean that a company ceases to be publicly traded on a national securities
exchange as a result of any involuntary failure to meet the listing requirements of such national
securities exchange, but shall not include delisting as a result of any voluntary going private or
similar transaction.
Spin-off Transaction In the event of a stock distribution from a Peer Company consisting of the shares of a new publicly-
traded company (a “spin-off”), the Peer Company shall remain a Peer Company and the stock
distribution shall be treated as a dividend from the Peer Company based on the fair market value of
the distribution on the date of such distribution; the performance of the shares of the spun-off
company shall not thereafter be tracked for purposes of calculating TSR.
Dividends Reinvested for both Alphabet and the Peer Companies shall mean dividends paid with respect to an ex-dividend date
that occurs beginning from the date when the Starting Average Share Price is measured through the end of the Performance Period
(whether or not the dividend payment date occurs during this period), which shall be deemed to have been reinvested in the underlying
common shares.
For TSR Performance, should Alphabet fail to achieve at least Threshold, zero percent (0%) of the Target Award shall be earned.
Should Alphabet achieve (x) Threshold, fifty percent (50%) of the Target Award shall be earned, (y) Target, one hundred percent (100%) of
the Target Award shall be earned, or (z) Maximum (or greater), two hundred percent (200%) of the Target Award shall be earned. Should
Alphabet achieve a TSR Performance level that falls between Threshold and Target or between Target and Maximum, the percentage of the
Target Award that shall be earned will be based upon straight-line interpolation between such Performance Goals, rounded up to the
nearest whole share of Capital Stock.
B. Determination and Approval of Final Award. Within forty five (45) days following the last day of the Performance Period,
the Committee shall determine achievement in respect of the Performance Goals (the date of such determination, the “Determination Date”)
and shall calculate and approve the Final Award in respect of such Grant. Any PSUs that are determined not to be earned by the
Committee under such Grant will be forfeited as of the Determination Date and the Participant will have no further rights to such PSUs.
The Committee, in its sole discretion, shall make all determinations regarding the Performance Goals, including, but not limited to,
the extent of achievement, and any adjustments to the calculation of TSR of Alphabet or the Peer Companies, as necessary or appropriate.
Determinations made by the
8Committee will be final and binding on all parties and will be given the maximum discretion permitted by law.
9Exhibit 21.01
SUBSIDIARIES OF THE REGISTRANT
The following is a list of subsidiaries of Alphabet Inc., omitting subsidiaries which, considered in the aggregate as a single subsidiary, would
not constitute a significant subsidiary as of December 31, 2019:
Name of Subsidiary Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization
Google LLC Delaware
Google Ireland Holdings Ireland
XXVI Holdings Inc. Delaware
Alphabet Capital US LLC Delaware
KHA Technologies Inc. DelawareExhibit 23.01
CONSENT OF ERNST & YOUNG LLP, INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM
We consent to the incorporation by reference in the following Registration Statements:
(1)Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-207254) pertaining to the Google Inc. 2004 Stock Plan, Alphabet Inc. 2012 Stock Plan,
AdMob, Inc. 2006 Stock Plan, UK Sub-Plan of the AdMob, Inc. 2006 Stock Plan, Motorola Mobility Holdings, Inc. 2011 Incentive
Compensation Plan and Alphabet Inc. Deferred Compensation Plan,
(2)Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-212914) pertaining to the Alphabet Inc. 2012 Stock Plan,
(3)Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-214573) pertaining to the Apigee Corporation 2015 Equity Incentive Plan and the Apigee
Corporation 2005 Stock Incentive Plan,
(4)Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-215873) pertaining to the Alphabet Inc. Deferred Compensation Plan,
(5)Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-219435) pertaining to the Alphabet Inc. 2012 Stock Plan,
(6)Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-226309) pertaining to the Alphabet Inc. 2012 Stock Plan,
(7)Registration Statement (Form S-3 No. 333-229513) of Alphabet Inc., and
(8)Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-232836) pertaining to the Alphabet Inc. Amended and Restated 2012 Stock Plan;
of our reports dated February 3, 2020, with respect to the consolidated financial statements of Alphabet Inc. and the effectiveness of
internal control over financial reporting of Alphabet Inc. included in this Annual Report (Form 10-K) of Alphabet Inc. for the year ended
December 31, 2019.
/s/ Ernst & Young LLP
San Jose, California
February 3, 2020Exhibit 31.01
CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
PURSUANT TO
EXCHANGE ACT RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a),
AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO
SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002
I, Sundar Pichai, certify that:
1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Alphabet Inc.;
2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material
fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made,
not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;
3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present
in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the
periods presented in this report;
4. The registrant’s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and
procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:
(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to
be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including
its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the
period in which this report is being prepared;
(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of
financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with
generally accepted accounting principles;
(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant’s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this
report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of
the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and
(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant’s internal control over financial reporting that occurred
during the registrant’s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant’s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an
annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant’s
internal control over financial reporting; and
5. The registrant’s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control
over financial reporting, to the registrant’s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant’s board of directors (or
persons performing the equivalent functions):
(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over
financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant’s ability to record, process,
summarize and report financial information; and
(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
role in the registrant’s internal control over financial reporting.
Date: February 3, 2020
/S/    SUNDAR PICHAI
Sundar Pichai
Chief Executive Officer
(Principal Executive Officer)Exhibit 31.02
CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER
PURSUANT TO
EXCHANGE ACT RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a),
AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO
SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002
I, Ruth Porat, certify that:
1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Alphabet Inc.;
2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material
fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made,
not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;
3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present
in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the
periods presented in this report;
4. The registrant’s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and
procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:
(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to
be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including
its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the
period in which this report is being prepared;
(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of
financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with
generally accepted accounting principles;
(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant’s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this
report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of
the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and
(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant’s internal control over financial reporting that occurred
during the registrant’s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant’s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an
annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant’s
internal control over financial reporting; and
5. The registrant’s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control
over financial reporting, to the registrant’s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant’s board of directors (or
persons performing the equivalent functions):
(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over
financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant’s ability to record, process,
summarize and report financial information; and
(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
role in the registrant’s internal control over financial reporting.
Date: February 3, 2020
/S/    RUTH PORAT
Ruth Porat
Senior Vice President and
Chief Financial Officer
(Principal Financial Officer)Exhibit 32.01
CERTIFICATIONS OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER
PURSUANT TO
18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,
AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO
SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002
I, Sundar Pichai, certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that
the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Alphabet Inc. for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2019, fully complies with the requirements of
Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that information contained in such Annual Report on Form 10-K fairly
presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Alphabet Inc.
Date: February 3, 2020
By: /S/    SUNDAR PICHAI
Name: Sundar Pichai
Title: Chief Executive Officer
(Principal Executive Officer)
I, Ruth Porat, certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that the
Annual Report on Form 10-K of Alphabet Inc. for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2019, fully complies with the requirements of
Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that information contained in such Annual Report on Form 10-K fairly
presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Alphabet Inc.
Date: February 3, 2020
By: /S/    RUTH PORAT
Name: Ruth Porat
Title: Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
(Principal Financial Officer)
The foregoing certifications are not deemed filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (Exchange Act), and are not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of Alphabet Inc. under the
Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, whether made before or after the date hereof, regardless of any general
incorporation language in such filing.