UNITED ST ATES
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
Washington, D.C. 20549
FORM 10-K
(Mark One)
ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2014  
OR
TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
Commission file number: 001-36380
Google Inc.
(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)
Delaware 77-0493581
(State or other jurisdiction of
incorporation or organization)(I.R.S. Employer
Identification No.)
1600 Amphitheatre Parkway
Mountain V iew, CA 94043
(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)
(650) 253-0000
(Registrant’ s telephone number , including area code)
___________________________________________
Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:
Title of each class Name of each exchange on which registered
Class A Common Stock, $0.001 par value Nasdaq Stock Market LLC
(Nasdaq Global Select Market)
Class C Capital Stock, $0.001 par value Nasdaq Stock Market LLC
(Nasdaq Global Select Market)
Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:
Title of each class
Class B Common Stock, $0.001 par value
Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer , as defined in Rule 405 of the 
Securities Act.     Yes  
     No  
Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of 
the Act.     Yes  
     No  
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) 
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the 
registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 
days.     Yes  
     No  
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate W ebsite, 
if any , every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T  
(§232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was 
required to submit and post such files).     Yes  
     No  
Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K (§229.405 of 
this chapter) is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of the registrant’ s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this 
Form 10-K.    
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer , an accelerated filer , a non-accelerated 
filer or a smaller reporting company . See the definitions of “large accelerated filer ,” “accelerated filer” and “smaller 
reporting company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one):
Large accelerated filer  
     Accelerated filer  
     Non-accelerated filer  
     Smaller reporting company  
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange 
Act).     Yes  
     No  
As of June 30, 2014 , the aggregate market value of shares held by non-af filiates of the registrant (based upon 
the closing sale prices of such shares on the Nasdaq Global Select Market on June 30, 2014 ) was approximately 
$290.0 billion .
As of January 29, 2015 , there were 286,938,352  shares of the registrant’ s Class  A common stock outstanding, 
53,018,898  shares of the registrant’ s Class B common stock outstanding, and 340,665,532  shares of the 
registrant’ s Class C capital stock outstanding.
 ____________________________________________________________________
DOCUMENTS INCORPORA TED BY  REFERENCE
Portions of the registrant’ s Proxy Statement for the 2015  Annual Meeting of Stockholders are incorporated 
herein by reference in Part III of this Annual Report on Form 10-K to the extent stated herein. Such proxy statement 
will be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days of the registrant’ s fiscal year ended 
December 31, 2014 .iGoogle Inc.
Form 10-K
For the Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2014  
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
    Page
PART I
Item 1.
Item 1A.
Item 1B.
Item 2.
Item 3.
Item 4.
PART II
Item 5.
Item 6.
Item 7.
Item 7A.
Item 8.
Item 9.
Item 9A.
Item 9B.
PART III
Item 10.
Item 11.
Item 12.
Item 13.
Item 14.
PART IV
Item 15.Table of Contents
Note About Forward-Looking Statements 1
Business 3
Risk Factors 6
Unresolved Staf f Comments 18
Properties 18
Legal Proceedings 19
Mine Safety Disclosures 19
Market for Registrant’ s Common Equity , Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer 
Purchases of Equity Securities 19
Selected Financial Data 21
Management’ s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations22
Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 39
Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 41
Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure83
Controls and Procedures 83
Other Information 84
Directors, Executive Of ficers and Corporate Governance 84
Executive Compensation 84
Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related 
Stockholder Matters84
Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 84
Principal Accounting Fees and Services 84
Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 851NOTE ABOUT FOR WARD-LOOKING ST ATEMENTS
This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities 
Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements include, among other things, statements regarding:
• the growth of our business and revenues and our expectations about the factors that influence our 
success and trends in our business;
• our plans to continue to invest in new businesses, products and technologies, systems, facilities, and 
infrastructure, to continue to hire aggressively and provide competitive compensation programs, as 
well as to continue to invest in acquisitions;
• seasonal fluctuations in internet usage and advertiser expenditures, traditional retail seasonality and 
macroeconomic conditions, which are likely to cause fluctuations in our quarterly results;
• the potential for declines in our revenue growth rate;
• our expectation that growth in advertising revenues from our websites will continue to exceed that 
from our Google Network Members’  websites, which will have a positive impact on our operating 
margins;
• our expectation that we will continue to take steps to improve the relevance of the ads we deliver and 
to reduce the number of accidental clicks;
• fluctuations in aggregate paid clicks and average cost-per-click;
• our belief that our foreign exchange risk management program will not fully offset our net exposure 
to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates;
• the expected increase of costs related to hedging activities under our foreign exchange risk 
management program;
• our expectation that our cost of revenues, research and development expenses, sales and marketing 
expenses, and general and administrative expenses will increase in dollars and may increase as a 
percentage of revenues;
• our potential exposure in connection with pending investigations, proceedings, and other 
contingencies;
• our expectation that our traffic acquisition costs will fluctuate in the future;
• our continued investments in international markets;
• estimates of our future compensation expenses;
• fluctuations in our effective tax rate;
• the sufficiency of our sources of funding;
• our payment terms to certain advertisers, which may increase our working capital requirements; 
• fluctuations in our capital expenditures;
• our expectations regarding the trading price of our Class A common stock and Class C capital stock;
as well as other statements regarding our future operations, financial condition and prospects, and business strategies. 
Forward-looking statements may appear throughout this report, including without limitation, the following sections:  
Item 1 “Business, ” Item 1A “Risk Factors, ” and Item 7 “Management ’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition 
and Results of Operations. ” Forward-looking statements generally can be identified by words such as “anticipates, ” 
“believes, ” “estimates, ” “expects, ” “intends, ” “plans, ” “predicts, ” “projects, ” “will be,” “will continue, ” “will likely 
result, ” and similar expressions. These forward-looking statements are based on current expectations and assumptions 
that are subject to risks and uncertainties, which could cause our actual results to differ materially from those reflected 
in the forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences include, but are not limited 
to, those discussed in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and in particular , the risks discussed under the caption “Risk 
Factors ” in Item  1A of this report and those discussed in other documents we file with the Securities and Exchange 
Commission (SEC). We undertake no obligation to revise or publicly release the results of any revision to these forward-
looking statements, except as required by law. Given these risks and uncertainties, readers are cautioned not to place 
undue reliance on such forward-looking statements.
As used herein, “Google, ” “we,” “our,” and similar terms include Google Inc. and its subsidiaries, unless the 
context indicates otherwise.
“Google ” and other trademarks of ours appearing in this report are our property . This report contains additional 
trade names and trademarks of other companies. We do not intend our use or display of other companies ’ trade names Table of Contents2or trademarks to imply an endorsement or sponsorship of us by such companies, or any relationship with any of these 
companies.Table of Contents3PART I
ITEM 1. BUSINESS
Overview
Our founders started Google because they share a profound sense of optimism about the potential for technology 
to create a positive impact in the world. As Larry and Sergey explained in their first letter to shareholders, our goal is 
to:  “... develop services that significantly improve the lives of as many people as possible.”
In many ways, Google itself began with a series of questions: What if we could download and index the entire 
web?  What if we could organize all the world’ s information? And then we went out and searched for the answers.
We know we’ve found the right answers when they pass what we call the "toothbrush test," whether this product 
will be used by hundreds of millions of people everyday , hopefully twice a day.
We are proud of everything we have managed to do. Our innovations in search and advertising have made our 
website widely used and our brand one of the most recognized in the world. We generate revenues primarily by 
delivering online advertising that consumers find relevant and that advertisers find cost-ef fective. 
We were incorporated in California in September 1998 and reincorporated in Delaware in August 2003. We provide 
our products and services in more than 100 languages and in more than 50 countries, regions, and territories. Additional 
information on our financial performance by geographic areas can be found in Note 15 of the Notes to Consolidated 
Financial Statements.
Serving Our Users 
In many ways search -- and the clean white page with the blinking cursor -- is a metaphor for how we think about 
innovation at Google. Imagining the ways things could be -- without constraint -- is the process we use to look for better 
answers to some of life’s everyday problems.  It’s about starting with the "What if?" and then working relentlessly to 
see if we can find the answer .
It’s been that way from the beginning; providing ways to access knowledge and information has been core to 
Google and our products have come a long way in the last decade.  We used to show just ten blue links in our results.  
You had to click through to different websites to get your answers, which took time. Now we are increasingly able to 
provide direct answers -- even if you’re speaking your question using Voice Search -- which makes it quicker , easier 
and more natural to find what you’re looking for. 
Over time, we have added other services that let you access information quickly and easily .  What if we could 
develop a smarter email service with plenty of storage? That’ s Gmail. What if we could make a simpler , speedier , safer 
browser? That’ s Chrome. What if we could provide easy access to movies, books, music and apps, no matter which 
device you’re on? That’ s Google Play. 
As devices proliferate, it’s more and more important to ensure that you can navigate effortlessly across them -- 
that the technology gets out of the way, so you can move through this multi-screen world as easily as possible. It’s 
why we’re investing so much in platforms like our Chrome browser and our Android mobile operating system.  Ultimately , 
we want you to have speedy , secure access to whatever you need, wherever you happen to be, and on whatever 
device you may be using at the time.  
Ads as Answers
We asked, what if ads weren't intrusive and annoying? What if we could deliver a relevant ad at just the right time 
and give people useful commercial information?  What if we could provide products that allow for better attribution and 
measurement across screens so that we show great ads for the right people?
Our advertising solutions help millions of companies grow their businesses, and we offer a wide range of products 
across screens and devices. We generate revenues primarily by delivering both performance advertising and brand 
advertising.  
• Performance advertising  creates and delivers relevant ads that users will click, leading to direct engagement 
with advertisers. Most of our performance advertisers pay us on a cost-per-engagement basis, like when a 
user engages in their ads.  Performance advertising lets our advertisers connect with users while driving 
measurable results.  
For performance advertisers, AdW ords, our primary auction-based advertising program, helps create 
simple text-based ads that appear on Google websites and the websites of Google Network Members, who Table of Contents4use our advertising programs to deliver relevant ads alongside their search results and content.  In addition, 
the partners that comprise the Google Network use our AdSense program to deliver relevant ads that generate 
revenues and enhance the user experience. These programs let both small and large businesses connect 
with users looking for a specific item, say a pair of shoes or a plane ticket back home.  To that end, we continue 
to invest in our advertising programs and to make significant upgrades, including Enhanced Campaigns, which 
helps advertisers more easily create advertising and marketing campaigns that run across multiple devices, 
and Estimated Total Conversions, which help advertisers measure the effectiveness of their campaigns in a 
multi-screen world.  
• Brand advertising  helps enhance users’  awareness of and affinity with advertisers’  products and services, 
through videos, text, images, and other interactive ads that run across various devices. We help brand 
advertisers deliver digital videos and other types of ads to specific audiences for their brand-building marketing 
campaigns and in turn, generate revenue by distributing their ads such as the TrueV iew ads displayed on our 
YouTube videos.
We have built a world-class ad technology platform for brand advertisers, agencies, and publishers to 
power their digital marketing businesses across display , mobile, and video.  We aim to ensure great user 
experiences by serving the right ads at the right time and by building deep partnerships with brands and 
agencies.  We also seek to improve the measurability of the effectiveness of brand advertising.
In addition, we have allocated substantial resources to stopping bad advertising practices and protecting users 
on the web.  Our efforts to focus on our users to ensure the best advertising experiences range from removing hundreds 
of millions of bad ads from our systems every year to closely monitoring the sites and apps that show our ads and 
blacklisting them when necessary to ensure that our ads do not fund bad content.
Bringing the Next 5 Billion Online
Fast search and high-quality ads matter only if you have access to the Internet.  Right now, only a fraction of the 
seven billion people in the world are fortunate enough to be able to get online.  That leaves out billions of people.  With 
so much useful and life-changing information available today , it is unfortunate that such a significant portion of the 
world’ s population lacks even the most basic Internet connection.  
That’ s why we’re investing in new projects, like Project Loon.  We asked, what if we could use a network of 
balloons that could fly at the edge of space and provide connectivity in rural and remote areas? Loon has helped 
students in Brazil and farmers in New Zealand experience the power of an internet connection for the first time.  And 
as the program expands, we hope to bring this to more and more people -- creating opportunities that simply did not 
exist before for millions of people, all around the world.
Those people will be able to learn and start businesses, to grow and prosper in ways they simply could not without 
an Internet connection.   Creating platforms for other people’ s success is a huge part of who we are.  We want the 
world to join us online and to be greeted with the best possible experience once they get there.  Connection is powerful; 
and we are working hard to make that promise a reality .  The opportunities to improve lives on a grand scale are 
endless.  And there are people around the world whose lives we can improve every day by bringing information into 
their homes, into their schools, and into their pockets -- showing them just how powerful the simple idea of “getting 
online” can be.
Moonshots
The idea of trying new things is reflected in some of our new, ambitious projects. Everything might not fit into a 
neat little box.  We believe that is exactly how to stay relevant.  Many companies get comfortable doing what they 
have always done, making a few incremental changes.  This incrementalism leads to irrelevance over time, especially 
in technology , where change tends to be revolutionary , not evolutionary .  People thought we were crazy when we 
acquired YouTube and Android, and when we launched Chrome.  But as those efforts have matured into major platforms 
for digital video and mobile devices, and a safer , popular browser , respectively , we continue to look towards the future 
and continue to invest for the long-term.  
We won’t become complacent, relying solely on small tweaks as the years wear on. As we said in the 2004 
Founders’  IPO Letter , we will not shy away from high-risk, high-reward projects because we believe they are the key 
to our long-term success.  We won’t stop asking “What if?” and then working hard to find the answer . 
Research
We continue to invest in our existing products and services, including search and advertising, as well as developing 
new products and services through research and product development.  We often release early-stage products.  We 
then use data and user feedback to decide if and how to invest further in those products.Table of Contents5Our research and development expenses were $6.1 billion, $7.1 billion, and $9.8 billion in 2012, 2013, and 2014, 
respectively , which included stock-based compensation expense of $1.3 billion, $1.6 billion, and $2.2 billion, 
respectively .  We expect to continue investing in hiring talented employees and building systems to develop new 
services and improve existing ones.  
Competition
Our business is characterized by rapid change as well as new and disruptive technologies.  We face formidable 
competition in every aspect of our business, particularly from companies that seek to connect people with online 
information and provide them with relevant advertising.  We face competition from:
• General purpose search engines and information services, such as Yahoo, Microsoft’ s Bing, Yandex, Baidu, 
Naver , WebCrawler , and MyW ebSearch.
• Vertical search engines and e-commerce websites, such as Kayak (travel queries), LinkedIn (job queries), 
WebMD (health queries), and Amazon and eBay (e-commerce).  Some users will navigate directly to such 
content, websites, and apps rather than go through Google.
• Social networks, such as Facebook and Twitter .  Some users are increasingly relying on social networks for 
product or service referrals, rather than seeking information through traditional search engines.
• Other forms of advertising, such as television, radio, newspapers, magazines, billboards, and yellow pages, 
for ad dollars.  Our advertisers typically advertise in multiple media, both online and offline.
• Other online advertising platforms and networks, including Criteo, AppNexus, and Facebook, that compete 
for advertisers with AdW ords, our primary auction-based advertising program.
• Other operating systems and mobile device companies.
• Providers of online products and services that provide answers, information, and services.  A number of our 
online products and services, including Gmail, YouTube, and Google Docs, compete directly with new and 
established companies, which offer communication, information, storage and entertainment services, either 
on a stand-alone basis or integrated into other offerings.
Competing successfully depends heavily on our ability to rapidly deliver innovative products and technologies to 
the marketplace so that we can attract and retain:
• Users, for whom other products and services are literally one click away , primarily on the basis of the relevance 
and usefulness of our search results and the features, availability , and ease of use of our products and services. 
• Advertisers, primarily based on our ability to generate sales leads, and ultimately customers, and to deliver 
their advertisements in an efficient and effective manner . 
• Content providers (Google Network Members, the parties who use our advertising programs to deliver relevant 
ads alongside their search results and content, as well as other content providers for whom we distribute or 
license content), primarily based on the quality of our advertiser base, our ability to help these partners generate 
revenues from advertising, and the terms of our agreements with them.
Intellectual Property
We rely on various intellectual property laws, confidentiality procedures and contractual provisions to protect our 
proprietary technology and our brand.  We have registered, and applied for the registration of, U.S. and international 
trademarks, service marks, domain names and copyrights. We have also filed patent applications in the US and foreign 
countries covering certain of our technology , and acquired patent assets to supplement our portfolio.  We have licensed 
in the past, and expect that we may license in the future, certain of our rights to other parties.
Culture and Employees
We take great pride in our culture. We embrace collaboration and creativity , and encourage the iteration of ideas 
to address complex technical challenges. Transparency and open dialogue are central to how we work, and we like 
to ensure that company news reaches our employees first through internal channels.
Despite our rapid growth, we still cherish our roots as a startup and wherever possible empower employees to 
act on great ideas regardless of their role or function within the company . We strive to hire great employees, with 
backgrounds and perspectives as diverse as those of our global users. We work to provide an environment where 
these talented people can have fulfilling careers addressing some of the biggest challenges in technology and society .
Our employees are among our best assets and are critical for our continued success. We expect to continue 
investing in hiring talented employees and to provide competitive compensation programs to our employees.  As of 
December 31, 2014, we had 53,600 full-time employees: 20,832 in research and development, 17,621 in sales and 
marketing, 7,510 in general and administrative functions, and 7,637 in operations.  Although we have work councils 
and statutory employee representation obligations in certain countries, our U.S. employees are not represented by a Table of Contents6labor union. Competition for qualified personnel in our industry is intense, particularly for software engineers, computer 
scientists, and other technical staff.
Seasonality
Our business is affected by both seasonal fluctuations in Internet usage and traditional retail seasonality .  Internet 
usage generally slows during the summer months, and commercial queries typically increase significantly in the fourth 
quarter of each year. 
Available Information
Our website is located at www .google.com, and our investor relations website is located at http://
investor .google.com.  Our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, and our Proxy Statements 
are available through our investor relations website, free of charge, after we file them with the SEC. We also provide 
a link to the section of the SEC’ s website at www .sec.gov that has all of the reports that we file or furnish with the SEC.  
You may read and copy any materials we file with the SEC at the SEC’ s Public Reference Room at 100 F Street, NE, 
Washington, D.C. 20549.  You can get information on the operation of the Public Reference Room by calling the SEC 
at 1-800-SEC-0330.
We webcast via our investor relations website our earnings calls and certain events we participate in or host with 
members of the investment community . Our investor relations website and Google+ page (https://plus.google.com/
+GoogleInvestorRelations/posts) also provide notifications of news or announcements regarding our financial 
performance, including SEC filings, investor events, press and earnings releases, and blogs. You can receive 
notifications of new information posted on our investor relations website in real time by signing up for email alerts and 
RSS feeds.  Further corporate governance information, including our certificate of incorporation, bylaws, governance 
guidelines, board committee charters, and code of conduct, is also available on our investor relations website under 
the heading “Corporate Governance.”  The content of our websites are not incorporated by reference into this Annual 
Report on Form 10-K or in any other report or document we file with the SEC, and any references to our websites are 
intended to be inactive textual references only.
ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
Our operations and financial results are subject to various risks and uncertainties, including those described 
below , which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, and the trading 
price of our common and capital stock.
Risks Related to Our Business and Industry
We face intense competition. If we do not continue to innovate and provide products and services that are 
useful to users, we may not remain competitive, and our revenues and operating results could be adversely 
affected. 
Our business is rapidly evolving, intensely competitive, and is subject to changing technologies, shifting user 
needs, and frequent introductions of new products and services. Competing successfully depends heavily on our ability 
to rapidly deliver innovative products and technologies to the marketplace and provide products and services that 
make our search results and ads relevant and useful for our users. As our business has evolved, the competitive 
pressure to innovate will now encompass a wider range of products and services, including products and services that 
may be outside of our historical core business.
We have many competitors in different industries, including general purpose search engines and information 
services, vertical search engines and e-commerce websites, social networks, providers of online products and services, 
other forms of advertising and online advertising platforms and networks, other operating systems, and wireless mobile 
device companies. Our current and potential domestic and international competitors range from large and established 
companies to emerging start-ups. Established companies have longer operating histories and more established 
relationships with customers and users, and they can use their experience and resources in ways that could affect our 
competitive position, including by making acquisitions, continuing to invest heavily in research and development, 
aggressively initiating intellectual property claims (whether or not meritorious), and continuing to compete aggressively 
for advertisers and websites. Emerging start-ups may be able to innovate and provide products and services faster 
than we can or may foresee the consumer need for products and services before us.Table of Contents7Our competitors are constantly developing innovations in search, online advertising, wireless mobile devices, 
operating systems, and many other web-based products and services. The research and development of new, 
technologically advanced products is also a complex and uncertain process requiring high levels of innovation and 
investment, as well as the accurate anticipation of technology , market trends, and consumer needs. As a result, we 
must continue to invest significant resources in research and development, including through acquisitions, in order to 
enhance our search technology and our existing products and services, and introduce new products and services that 
people can easily and effectively use. If we are unable to provide quality products and services, then acceptance rates 
for our products and services could decline. In addition, these new products and services may present new and difficult 
technological and legal challenges, and we may be subject to claims if users of these offerings experience service 
disruptions or failures or other issues. Our operating results would also suffer if our innovations are not responsive to 
the needs of our users, advertisers, and Google Network Members, are not appropriately timed with market 
opportunities, or are not effectively brought to market. As technology continues to develop, our competitors may be 
able to offer user experiences that are, or that are seen to be, substantially similar to or better than ours. This may 
force us to compete in different ways and expend significant resources in order to remain competitive. If our competitors 
are more successful than we are in developing compelling products or in attracting and retaining users, advertisers, 
and content providers, our revenues and operating results could be adversely affected.
Our ongoing investment in new businesses and new products, services, and technologies is inherently risky , 
and could disrupt our ongoing businesses.
We have invested and expect to continue to invest in new businesses, products, services, and technologies. 
Such endeavors may involve significant risks and uncertainties, including distraction of management from current 
operations, insuf ficient revenues from such investments to offset liabilities assumed and expenses associated with 
these new investments, inadequate return of capital on our investments, and unidentified issues not discovered in our 
due diligence of such strategies and offerings that could cause us to fail to realize the anticipated benefits of such 
investments and incur unanticipated liabilities. Because these new ventures are inherently risky, no assurance can be 
given that such strategies and offerings will be successful and will not adversely affect our reputation, financial condition, 
and operating results.
More people are using devices other than desktop computers to access the Internet and accessing new devices 
to make search queries. If manufacturers and users do not widely adopt versions of our search technology , 
products, or operating systems developed for these devices, our business could be adversely affected. 
The number of people who access the Internet through devices other than desktop computers, including mobile 
phones, smartphones, handheld computers such as netbooks and tablets, video game consoles, and television set-
top devices, is increasing dramatically . The functionality and user experience associated with some alternative devices 
make the use of our products and services through such devices more difficult (or just different) and the versions of 
our products and services developed for these devices may not be compelling to users, manufacturers, or distributors 
of alternative devices. Each manufacturer or distributor may establish unique technical standards for its devices, and 
our products and services may not work or be viewable on these devices as a result. Some manufacturers may also 
elect not to include our products on their devices. In addition, search queries are increasingly being undertaken via 
“apps” tailored to particular devices or social media platforms, which could affect our search and advertising business 
over time. As new devices and platforms are continually being released, it is difficult to predict the problems we may 
encounter in adapting our products and services and developing competitive new products and services. We expect 
to continue to devote significant resources to the creation, support, and maintenance of products and services across 
multiple platforms and devices. If we are unable to attract and retain a substantial number of alternative device 
manufacturers, distributors, developers, and users to our products and services, or if we are slow to develop products 
and technologies that are more compatible with alternative devices and platforms, we will fail to capture the opportunities 
available as consumers and advertisers transition to a dynamic, multi-screen environment.
We generate a significant portion of our revenues from advertising, and a reduction in spending by or loss of 
advertisers could seriously harm our business.
We generated 89% of Google revenues from our advertisers in 2014. Our advertisers can generally terminate 
their contracts with us at any time. Advertisers will not continue to do business with us if their investment in advertising 
with us does not generate sales leads or brand awareness, and ultimately customers, or if we do not deliver their 
advertisements in an efficient and effective manner . If we are unable to remain competitive and provide value to our 
advertisers, they may stop placing ads with us, which would adversely affect our revenues and business.Table of Contents8In addition, expenditures by advertisers tend to be cyclical, reflecting overall economic conditions and budgeting 
and buying patterns. Adverse macroeconomic conditions can also have a material negative impact on the demand for 
advertising and cause our advertisers to reduce the amounts they spend on advertising, which could adversely affect 
our revenues and business.
Our revenue growth rate could decline over time, and we anticipate downward pressure on our operating 
margin in the future.
Our revenue growth rate could decline over time as a result of a number of factors, including as a result of:
• increasing competition,
• changes in property mix, platform mix, and geographical mix,
• the challenges in maintaining our growth rate as our revenues increase to higher levels,
• the evolution of the online advertising market, including the increasing variety of online platforms for advertising, 
and the other markets in which we participate, and
• the rate of user adoption of our products, services, and technologies.
We believe our operating margin will experience downward pressure as a result of increasing competition and 
increased expenditures for many aspects of our business. For instance, our operating margin will experience downward 
pressure if a greater percentage of our revenues comes from ads placed on our Google Network Members’  websites 
compared to revenues generated through ads placed on Google websites or if we spend a proportionately larger 
amount to promote the distribution of certain products. The margin on revenues we generate from our Google Network 
Members is significantly less than the margin on revenues we generate from advertising on Google websites. Also, 
the margin on the sale of digital content and apps, advertising revenues from mobile devices and newer advertising 
formats are generally less than the margin on revenues we generate from advertising on our websites on traditional 
formats. Additionally , the margin we earn on revenues generated from our Google Network Members could decrease 
in the future if we pay an even larger percentage of advertising fees to our Google Network Members.
We are subject to increased regulatory scrutiny that may negatively impact our business. 
The growth of our company and our expansion into a variety of new fields involve a variety of new regulatory 
issues, and we have experienced increased regulatory scrutiny as we have grown. For instance, several regulatory 
agencies have sought to review our search and other businesses on potential competition concerns. We continue to 
cooperate with the European Commission (EC) and other regulatory authorities around the world in investigations they 
are conducting with respect to our business and its impact on competition. Legislators and regulators may make legal 
and regulatory changes, or interpret and apply existing laws, in ways that make our products and services less useful 
to our users, require us to incur substantial costs, expose us to unanticipated civil or criminal liability , or cause us to 
change our business practices. These changes or increased costs could negatively impact our business and results 
of operations in material ways.
We are regularly subject to claims, suits, government investigations, and other proceedings that may result 
in adverse outcomes. 
We are regularly subject to claims, suits, and government investigations involving competition, intellectual 
property , privacy , consumer protection, tax, labor and employment, commercial disputes, content generated by our 
users, goods and services offered by advertisers or publishers using our platforms, and other matters. The sale of 
hardware products also exposes us to the risk of product liability and other litigation involving assertions about product 
defects, as well as health and safety , hazardous materials usage, and other environmental concerns. In addition, our 
businesses face intellectual property litigation, as further discussed later, that exposes us to the risk of exclusion and 
cease and desist orders, which could limit our ability to sell products and services.   
Such claims, suits, and government investigations are inherently uncertain and their results cannot be predicted 
with certainty . Regardless of the outcome, any of these types of legal proceedings can have an adverse impact on us 
because of legal costs, diversion of management resources, and other factors. Determining reserves for our pending 
litigation is a complex, fact-intensive process that requires significant judgment. It is possible that a resolution of one Table of Contents9or more such proceedings could result in substantial fines and penalties that could adversely affect our business, 
consolidated financial position, results of operations, or cash flows in a particular period. These proceedings could 
also result in reputational harm, criminal sanctions, consent decrees, or orders preventing us from offering certain 
features, functionalities, products, or services, requiring a change in our business practices or product recalls or other 
field action, or requiring development of non-infringing or otherwise altered products or technologies. Any of these 
consequences could adversely affect our business and results of operations.
Acquisitions could result in operating difficulties, dilution, and other consequences that may adversely impact 
our business and results of operations. 
Acquisitions are an important element of our overall corporate strategy and use of capital, and these transactions 
could be material to our financial condition and results of operations. We expect to continue to evaluate and enter into 
discussions regarding a wide array of potential strategic transactions. The process of integrating an acquired company , 
business, or technology has created, and will continue to create, unforeseen operating difficulties and expenditures. 
The areas where we face risks include:
• Diversion of management time and focus from operating our business to acquisition integration challenges.
• Failure to successfully further develop the acquired business or technology .
• Implementation or remediation of controls, procedures, and policies at the acquired company .
• Integration of the acquired company's accounting, human resource, and other administrative systems, and 
coordination of product, engineering, and sales and marketing functions.
• Transition of operations, users, and customers onto our existing platforms.
• Failure to obtain required approvals on a timely basis, if at all, from governmental authorities, or conditions 
placed upon approval, under competition laws which could, among other things, delay or prevent us from 
completing a transaction, or otherwise restrict our ability to realize the expected financial or strategic goals of 
an acquisition or investment.
• In the case of foreign acquisitions, the need to integrate operations across different cultures and languages 
and to address the particular economic, currency , political, and regulatory risks associated with specific 
countries.
• Cultural challenges associated with integrating employees from the acquired company into our organization, 
and retention of employees from the businesses we acquire.
• Liability for activities of the acquired company before the acquisition, including patent and trademark 
infringement claims, privacy issues, violations of laws, commercial disputes, tax liabilities, and other known 
and unknown liabilities.
• Litigation or other claims in connection with the acquired company , including claims from terminated employees, 
customers, former stockholders, or other third parties.
Our failure to address these risks or other problems encountered in connection with our past or future acquisitions 
and investments could cause us to fail to realize the anticipated benefits of such acquisitions or investments, incur 
unanticipated liabilities, and harm our business generally . 
Our acquisitions could also result in dilutive issuances of our equity securities, the incurrence of debt, contingent 
liabilities, or amortization expenses, or impairment of goodwill and/or purchased long-lived assets, and restructuring 
charges, any of which could harm our financial condition or results. Also, the anticipated benefits or value of our 
acquisitions or investments may not materialize. 
Our business depends on a strong brand, and failing to maintain and enhance our brand would hurt our ability 
to expand our base of users, advertisers, Google Network Members, and other partners. Table of Contents10Our strong brand has significantly contributed to the success of our business. Maintaining and enhancing our 
brand increases our ability to enter new categories and launch new and innovative products that better serve the needs 
of our users. Our brand may be negatively impacted by a number of factors, including, among others, reputational 
issues and product/technical performance failures. Further , if we fail to maintain and enhance equity in the Google 
brand, our business, operating results, and financial condition may be materially and adversely affected. Maintaining 
and enhancing our brand will depend largely on our ability to remain a technology leader and continue to provide high-
quality , innovative products and services that are truly useful and play a meaningful role in people’ s everyday lives.
A variety of new and existing laws could subject us to claims or otherwise harm our business. 
We are subject to numerous U.S. and foreign laws and regulations covering a wide variety of subject matters. 
New laws and regulations (or new interpretations of existing laws and regulations) may also impact our business. For 
example, current and new patent laws such as U.S. patent laws and European patent laws may affect the ability of 
companies, including us, to protect their innovations and defend against claims of patent infringement. The costs of 
compliance with these laws and regulations are high and are likely to increase in the future. 
Claims have been, or may be, threatened and filed against us under both U.S. and foreign laws for defamation, 
invasion of privacy and other tort claims, unlawful activity , patent, copyright and trademark infringement, product liability , 
or other theories based on the nature and content of the materials searched and the ads posted by our users, our 
products and services, or content generated by our users. Furthermore, many of these laws do not contemplate or 
address the unique issues raised by a number of our new businesses, products, services and technologies. In addition, 
the applicability and scope of these laws, as interpreted by the courts, remain uncertain. For example, the laws relating 
to the liability of providers of online services are currently unsettled both within the U.S. and abroad. 
In addition, other laws that could subject us to claims or otherwise harm our business include:
• The Digital Millennium Copyright Act, which has provisions that limit in the U.S., but do not necessarily eliminate, 
our liability for caching or hosting, or for listing or linking to, third-party websites that include materials that 
infringe copyrights or other rights, so long as we comply with the statutory requirements of this act. Any future 
legislation impacting these safe harbors may adversely impact us. 
• Court decisions such as the ‘right to be forgotten’  ruling issued by the European court, which allows individuals 
to demand that Google remove search results about them in certain instances, may limit the content we can 
show to our users. 
• Various U.S. and international laws that restrict the distribution of materials considered harmful to children and 
impose additional restrictions on the ability of online services to collect information from minors. 
• Data protection, laws passed by many states that require notification to users when there is a security breach 
for personal data, such as California’ s Information Practices Act. 
We face similar risks and costs overseas as our products and services are offered in international markets and 
may be subject to additional regulations. Any failure on our part to comply with these laws and regulations can result 
in negative publicity and diversion of management time and effort and may subject us to significant liabilities and other 
penalties.
We are, and may in the future be, subject to intellectual property or other claims, which are costly to defend, 
could result in significant damage awards, and could limit our ability to use certain technologies in the future. 
Internet, technology , media, and other companies own large numbers of patents, copyrights, trademarks, and 
trade secrets and frequently enter into litigation based on allegations of infringement or other violations of intellectual 
property rights. In addition, patent holding companies may continue to seek to monetize patents they have purchased 
or otherwise obtained. As we have grown, the intellectual property rights claims against us have increased and may 
continue to increase as we develop new products, services, and technologies.
We have had patent, copyright, and trademark infringement lawsuits filed against us claiming that certain of our 
products, services, and technologies infringe the intellectual property rights of others. Third parties have also sought 
broad injunctive relief against us by filing claims in U.S. and international courts and the U.S. International Trade 
Commission (ITC) for exclusion and cease and desist orders, which could limit our ability to sell our products or services Table of Contents11in the U.S. or elsewhere if our products or services or those of our customers or suppliers are found to infringe the 
intellectual property subject to the claims. Adverse results in any of these lawsuits may include awards of substantial 
monetary damages, costly royalty or licensing agreements (if licenses are available at all), or orders preventing us 
from offering certain features, functionalities, products, or services, and may also cause us to change our business 
practices, and require development of non-infringing products or technologies, which could result in a loss of revenues 
for us and otherwise harm our business.
Furthermore, in connection with our divestitures, we have agreed, and may in the future agree, to provide 
indemnification for certain potential liabilities. In addition, many of our agreements with our customers and partners, 
including certain suppliers, require us to indemnify them for certain intellectual property infringement claims against 
them, which could increase our costs as a result of defending such claims, and may require that we pay significant 
damages if there were an adverse ruling in any such claims. Such customers and partners may also discontinue the 
use of our products, services, and technologies, as a result of injunctions or otherwise, which could result in loss of 
revenues and adversely impact our business. Moreover , intellectual property indemnities provided to us by our suppliers, 
when obtainable, may not cover all damages and losses suffered by us and our customers from covered products.
Regardless of the merits of the claims, intellectual property claims are often time consuming, expensive to litigate 
or settle, and cause significant diversion of management attention. To the extent such intellectual property infringement 
claims are successful, they may have an adverse effect on our business, consolidated financial position, results of 
operations, or cash flows.
Our intellectual property rights are valuable, and any inability to protect them could reduce the value of our 
products, services, and brand. 
Our patents, trademarks, trade secrets, copyrights, and other intellectual property rights are important assets for 
us. Various events outside of our control pose a threat to our intellectual property rights, as well as to our products, 
services and technologies. For example, effective intellectual property protection may not be available in every country 
in which our products and services are distributed or made available through the Internet. Also, the efforts we have 
taken to protect our proprietary rights may not be sufficient or effective.
Although we seek to obtain patent protection for our innovations, it is possible we may not be able to protect 
some of these innovations. Moreover , we may not have adequate patent or copyright protection for certain innovations 
that later turn out to be important. Furthermore, there is always the possibility , despite our efforts, that the scope of 
the protection gained will be insuf ficient or that an issued patent may be deemed invalid or unenforceable.
We also seek to maintain certain intellectual property as trade secrets. The secrecy could be compromised by 
outside parties, or by our employees, which could cause us to lose the competitive advantage resulting from these 
trade secrets.
We also face risks associated with our trademarks. For example, there is a risk that the word “Google” could 
become so commonly used that it becomes synonymous with the word “search.” If this happens, we could lose protection 
for this trademark, which could result in other people using the word “Google” to refer to their own products, thus 
diminishing our brand.
Any significant impairment of our intellectual property rights could harm our business and our ability to compete. 
Also, protecting our intellectual property rights is costly and time consuming. Any increase in the unauthorized use of 
our intellectual property could make it more expensive to do business and harm our operating results.
We may be subject to legal liability associated with providing online services or content. 
We host and provide a wide variety of services and products that enable users to exchange information, advertise 
products and services, conduct business, and engage in various online activities both domestically and internationally . 
The law relating to the liability of providers of these online services and products for activities of their users is still 
somewhat unsettled both within the U.S. and internationally . Claims have been threatened and have been brought 
against us for defamation, negligence, breaches of contract, copyright or trademark infringement, unfair competition, 
unlawful activity , tort, including personal injury , fraud, or other theories based on the nature and content of information 
that we publish or to which we provide links or that may be posted online or generated by us or by third parties, including 
our users. In addition, we are and have been and may again in the future be subject to domestic or international actions Table of Contents12alleging that certain content we have generated or third-party content that we have made available within our services 
violates U.S. and non-U.S. law.
We also arrange for the distribution of third-party advertisements to third-party publishers and advertising networks, 
and we offer third-party products, services, or content. We may be subject to claims concerning these products, 
services, or content by virtue of our involvement in marketing, branding, broadcasting, or providing access to them, 
even if we do not ourselves host, operate, provide, or provide access to these products, services, or content. Defense 
of any such actions could be costly and involve significant time and attention of our management and other resources, 
may result in monetary liabilities or penalties, and may require us to change our business in an adverse manner .
Privacy concerns relating to our technology could damage our reputation and deter current and potential 
users from using our products and services. 
From time to time, concerns have been expressed about whether our products, services, or processes compromise 
the privacy of users and others. Concerns about our practices with regard to the collection, use, disclosure, or security 
of personal information or other privacy related matters, even if unfounded, could damage our reputation and adversely 
affect our operating results.
In addition, as nearly all of our products and services are web-based, the amount of data we store for our users 
on our servers (including personal information) has been increasing. Any systems failure or compromise of our security 
that results in the release of our users’  data could seriously limit the adoption of our products and services, as well as 
harm our reputation and brand and, therefore, our business. We expect to continue to expend significant resources 
to protect against security breaches. The risk that these types of events could seriously harm our business is likely to 
increase as we expand the number of web-based products and services we offer, and operate in more countries.
Regulatory authorities around the world are considering a number of legislative and regulatory proposals 
concerning data protection, including measures to ensure that our encryption of users’  data does not hinder law 
enforcement agencies’  access to that data. In addition, the interpretation and application of consumer and data 
protection laws in the U.S., Europe and elsewhere are often uncertain and in flux. It is possible that these laws may 
be interpreted and applied in a manner that is inconsistent with our data practices. If so, in addition to the possibility 
of fines, this could result in an order requiring that we change our data practices, which could have an adverse effect 
on our business and results of operations. Complying with these various laws could cause us to incur substantial costs 
or require us to change our business practices in a manner adverse to our business.
If our security measures are breached, or if our services are subject to attacks that degrade or deny the ability 
of users to access our products and services, our products and services may be perceived as not being 
secure, users and customers may curtail or stop using our products and services, and we may incur significant 
legal and financial exposure. 
Our products and services involve the storage and transmission of users’  and customers’  proprietary information, 
and security breaches expose us to a risk of loss of this information, litigation, and potential liability . We experience 
cyber attacks of varying degrees on a regular basis. Our security measures may also be breached due to employee 
error, malfeasance, system errors or vulnerabilities, or otherwise. Additionally , outside parties may attempt to 
fraudulently induce employees, users, or customers to disclose sensitive information in order to gain access to our 
data or our users’  or customers’  data. Any such breach or unauthorized access could result in significant legal and 
financial exposure, damage to our reputation, and a loss of confidence in the security of our products and services 
that could potentially have an adverse effect on our business. Because the techniques used to obtain unauthorized 
access, disable or degrade service, or sabotage systems change frequently and often are not recognized until launched 
against a target, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques or to implement adequate preventative measures. 
If an actual or perceived breach of our security occurs, the market perception of the effectiveness of our security 
measures could be harmed and we could lose users and customers.
We face a number of manufacturing and supply chain risks that, if not properly managed, could adversely 
impact our financial results and prospects.
We face a number of risks related to manufacturing and supply chain management. For instance, the products 
we sell may have quality issues resulting from the design or manufacture of the product, or from the software used in 
the product. Sometimes, these issues may be caused by components we purchase from other manufacturers or Table of Contents13suppliers. If the quality of our products does not meet our customers' expectations or our products are found to be 
defective, then our sales and operating earnings, and ultimately our reputation, could be negatively impacted.
We rely on third parties to manufacture many of our assemblies and finished products, and we have third-party 
arrangements for the design of some components and parts. Our business could be negatively affected if we are not 
able to engage third parties with the necessary capabilities or capacity on reasonable terms, or if those we engage 
fail to meet their obligations (whether due to financial difficulties or other reasons), or make adverse changes in the 
pricing or other material terms of our arrangements with them.
We have in the past, and may experience in the future, supply shortages and price increases driven by raw 
material availability , manufacturing capacity , labor shortages, industry allocations, natural disasters and significant 
changes in the financial or business condition of our suppliers. Workaround plans to address shortages could entail 
increased freight costs for expedited shipments. We may experience shortages or other supply chain disruptions in 
the future that could negatively impact our operations. In addition, some of the components we use in our products 
are available only from a single source or limited sources, and we may not be able to find replacement vendors on 
favorable terms or at all in the event of a supply chain disruption.
Additionally , because many of our supply contracts have volume-based pricing or minimum purchase 
requirements, if the volume of our hardware sales decreases or does not reach projected targets, we could face 
increased materials and manufacturing costs or other financial liabilities that could make our hardware products more 
costly per unit to manufacture and therefore less competitive and negatively impact our financial results. Further , certain 
of our competitors may negotiate more favorable contractual terms based on volume and other commitments that may 
provide them with competitive advantages and may impact our supply .
We also require our suppliers and business partners to comply with law and company policies regarding workplace 
and employment practices, data security , environmental compliance and intellectual property licensing, but we do not 
control them or their practices. If any of them violates laws or implements practices regarded as unethical, we could 
experience supply chain disruptions, canceled orders, terminations of or damage to key relationships, and damage to 
our reputation. If any of them fails to procure necessary license rights to third-party intellectual property , legal action 
could ensue that could impact the saleability of our products and expose us to financial obligations to third parties.
The Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act includes disclosure requirements regarding 
the use of certain minerals mined from the Democratic Republic of Congo and adjoining countries (DRC) and procedures 
pertaining to a manufacturer's efforts regarding the source of such minerals. SEC rules implementing these 
requirements may have the effect of reducing the pool of suppliers who can supply DRC “conflict free” components 
and parts, and we may not be able to obtain DRC conflict free products or supplies in sufficient quantities for our 
operations. Since our supply chain is complex, we may face reputational challenges with our customers, stockholders 
and other stakeholders if we are unable to sufficiently verify the origins for the minerals used in our products.
Web spam and content farms could decrease our search quality , which could damage our reputation and deter 
our current and potential users from using our products and services. 
“Web spam” refers to websites that attempt to violate a search engine's quality guidelines or that otherwise seek 
to rank higher in search results than a search engine's assessment of their relevance and utility would rank them.
Although English-language web spam in our search results has been significantly reduced, and web spam in 
most other languages is limited, we expect web spammers will continue to seek ways to improve their rankings 
inappropriately . We continuously combat web spam, including through indexing technology that makes it harder for 
spam-like, less useful web content to rank highly . We face challenges from low-quality and irrelevant content websites, 
including “content farms”, which are websites that generate large quantities of low-quality content to help them improve 
their search rankings. We are continually launching algorithmic changes focused on low-quality websites. If our search 
results display an increasing number of web spam and content farms, this could hurt our reputation for delivering 
relevant information or reduce user traffic to our websites. In addition, as we continue to take actions to improve our 
search quality and reduce low-quality content, this may in the short run reduce our AdSense revenues, since some of 
these websites are AdSense partners.
Interruption or failure of our information technology and communications systems could hurt our ability to 
effectively provide our products and services, which could damage our reputation and harm our operating 
results. Table of Contents14The availability of our products and services depends on the continuing operation of our information technology 
and communications systems. Our systems are vulnerable to damage or interruption from earthquakes, terrorist attacks, 
floods, fires, power loss, telecommunications failures, computer viruses, computer denial of service attacks, or other 
attempts to harm our systems. Some of our data centers are located in areas with a high risk of major earthquakes. 
Our data centers are also subject to break-ins, sabotage, and intentional acts of vandalism, and to potential disruptions 
if the operators of certain of these facilities have financial difficulties. Some of our systems are not fully redundant, and 
our disaster recovery planning cannot account for all eventualities. The occurrence of a natural disaster , a decision to 
close a facility we are using, or other unanticipated problems at our data centers could result in lengthy interruptions 
in our service. In addition, our products and services are highly technical and complex and may contain errors or 
vulnerabilities, which could result in interruptions in our services or the failure of our systems.
Our international operations expose us to additional risks that could harm our business, operating results, 
and financial condition.
Our international operations are significant to our revenues and net income, and we plan to continue to grow 
internationally . International revenues accounted for approximately 57% of our consolidated revenues in 2014. In 
certain international markets, we have limited operating experience and may not benefit from any first-to-market 
advantages or otherwise succeed.
In addition to risks described elsewhere in this section, our international operations expose us to other risks, 
including the following:
• Changes in local political, economic, regulatory , social, and labor conditions, which may adversely harm our 
business.
• Restrictions on foreign ownership and investments, and stringent foreign exchange controls that might prevent 
us from repatriating cash earned in countries outside the U.S.
• Import and export requirements, tariffs, trade disputes and barriers, and customs classifications that may 
prevent us from offering products or providing services to a particular market and may increase our operating 
costs.
• Longer payment cycles in some countries, increased credit risk, and higher levels of payment fraud.
• Still developing foreign laws and legal systems.
• Uncertainty regarding liability for services and content, including uncertainty as a result of local laws and lack 
of legal precedent.
• Different employee/employer relationships, existence of workers' councils and labor unions, and other 
challenges caused by distance, language, and cultural differences, making it harder to do business in certain 
jurisdictions.
In addition, compliance with complex foreign and U.S. laws and regulations that apply to our international 
operations increases our cost of doing business. These numerous and sometimes conflicting laws and regulations 
include internal control and disclosure rules, privacy and data protection requirements, anti-corruption laws, such as 
the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, and other local laws prohibiting corrupt payments to governmental officials, 
and competition regulations, among others. Violations of these laws and regulations could result in fines and penalties, 
criminal sanctions against us, our officers, or our employees, prohibitions on the conduct of our business and on our 
ability to offer our products and services in one or more countries, and could also materially affect our brand, our 
international growth efforts, our ability to attract and retain employees, our business, and our operating results. Although 
we have implemented policies and procedures designed to ensure compliance with these laws and regulations, there 
can be no assurance that our employees, contractors, or agents will not violate our policies.
Finally , since we conduct business in currencies other than U.S. dollars but report our financial results in U.S. 
dollars, we face exposure to fluctuations in currency exchange rates. Although we hedge a portion of our international 
currency exposure, significant fluctuations in exchange rates between the U.S. dollar and foreign currencies may Table of Contents15adversely affect our revenues and earnings. Additionally , hedging programs are inherently risky and could expose us 
to additional risks that could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations.
Our operating results may fluctuate, which makes our results difficult to predict and could cause our results 
to fall short of expectations.
Our operating results may fluctuate as a result of a number of factors, many outside of our control. As a result, 
comparing our operating results on a period-to-period basis may not be meaningful, and you should not rely on our 
past results as an indication of our future performance. Our quarterly , year-to-date, and annual expenses as a 
percentage of our revenues may differ significantly from our historical or projected rates. Our operating results in future 
quarters may fall below expectations. Any of these events could cause our stock price to fall. Each of the risk factors 
listed in this section in addition to the following factors may affect our operating results:
• Our ability to continue to attract users to our websites and retain existing users on our websites.
• Our ability to monetize (or generate revenues from) traffic on Google websites and our Google Network 
Members' websites both on desktop and mobile devices.
• Revenue fluctuations caused by changes in property mix, platform mix, and geographical mix.
• The amount of revenues and expenses generated and incurred in currencies other than U.S. dollars, and our 
ability to manage the resulting risk through our foreign exchange risk management program.
• The amount and timing of operating costs and expenses and capital expenditures related to the maintenance 
and expansion of our businesses, operations, and infrastructure.
• Our focus on long-term goals over short-term results.
• The results of our acquisitions and our investments in risky projects, including new businesses, products, 
services, and technologies.
• Our ability to keep our websites operational at a reasonable cost and without service interruptions.
• Our ability to generate significant revenues from new products and services in which we have invested 
considerable time and resources.
Because our business is changing and evolving, our historical operating results may not be useful to you in 
predicting our future operating results. In addition, advertising spending has historically been cyclical in nature, reflecting 
overall economic conditions, as well as budgeting and buying patterns. Also, user traffic tends to be seasonal. Our 
rapid growth has tended to mask the cyclicality and seasonality of our business. As our growth rate has slowed, the 
cyclicality and seasonality in our business has become more pronounced and caused our operating results to fluctuate.
If we were to lose the services of Larry , Sergey , Eric, or other key personnel, we may not be able to execute 
our business strategy .
Our future success depends in a large part upon the continued service of key members of our senior management 
team. In particular , Larry Page and Sergey Brin are critical to the overall management of Google and the development 
of our technology . Along with our Executive Chairman Eric E. Schmidt, they also play a key role in maintaining our 
culture and setting our strategic direction. All of our executive officers and key employees are at-will employees, and 
we do not maintain any key-person life insurance policies. The loss of key personnel could seriously harm our business.
We rely on highly skilled personnel and, if we are unable to retain or motivate key personnel, hire qualified 
personnel, or maintain our corporate culture, we may not be able to grow effectively .
Our performance largely depends on the talents and efforts of highly skilled individuals. Our future success 
depends on our continuing ability to identify , hire, develop, motivate, and retain highly skilled personnel for all areas 
of our organization. Competition in our industry for qualified employees is intense, and certain of our competitors have 
directly targeted our employees. In addition, our compensation arrangements, such as our equity award programs, 
may not always be successful in attracting new employees and retaining and motivating our existing employees. Our Table of Contents16continued ability to compete effectively depends on our ability to attract new employees and to retain and motivate 
our existing employees.
In addition, we believe that our corporate culture fosters innovation, creativity , and teamwork. As our organization 
grows, and we are required to implement more complex organizational management structures, we may find it 
increasingly difficult to maintain the beneficial aspects of our corporate culture. This could negatively impact our future 
success.
Our business depends on continued and unimpeded access to the Internet by us and our users. Internet 
access providers may be able to restrict, block, degrade, or charge for access to certain of our products and 
services, which could lead to additional expenses and the loss of users and advertisers. 
Our products and services depend on the ability of our users to access the Internet, and certain of our products 
require significant bandwidth to work effectively . Currently , this access is provided by companies that have significant 
market power in the broadband and internet access marketplace, including incumbent telephone companies, cable 
companies, mobile communications companies, and government-owned service providers. Some of these providers 
have taken, or have stated that they may take measures, including legal actions, that could degrade, disrupt, or increase 
the cost of user access to certain of our products by restricting or prohibiting the use of their infrastructure to support 
or facilitate our offerings, or by charging increased fees to us or our users to provide our offerings. In addition, in some 
jurisdictions, our products and services have been subject to government-initiated restrictions or blockages. Such 
interference could result in a loss of existing users and advertisers, and increased costs, and could impair our ability 
to attract new users and advertisers, thereby harming our revenues and growth.
New technologies could block online ads, which would harm our business. 
Technologies have been developed that can block the display of our ads and that provide tools to users to opt 
out of our advertising products. Most of our revenues are derived from fees paid to us by advertisers in connection 
with the display of ads on web pages for our users. As a result, such technologies and tools could adversely affect our 
operating results.
We are exposed to fluctuations in the market values of our investments.
Given the global nature of our business, we have investments both domestically and internationally . Credit ratings 
and market values of these investments can be negatively impacted by liquidity , credit deterioration or losses, financial 
results, or other factors. As a result, the value or liquidity of our cash equivalents and marketable securities could 
decline and result in a material impairment, which could materially adversely affect our financial condition and operating 
results.
We may have exposure to greater than anticipated tax liabilities. 
Our future income taxes could be adversely affected by earnings being lower than anticipated in jurisdictions that 
have lower statutory tax rates and higher than anticipated in jurisdictions that have higher statutory tax rates, the net 
gains and losses recognized by legal entities on certain hedges and related hedged intercompany and other transactions 
under our foreign exchange risk management program, changes in the valuation of our deferred tax assets or liabilities, 
or changes in tax laws, regulations, or accounting principles, as well as certain discrete items. We are subject to regular 
review and audit by both domestic and foreign tax authorities. As a result, we have received, and may in the future 
receive, assessments in multiple jurisdictions on various tax-related assertions, including transfer pricing adjustments 
or permanent establishment. Any adverse outcome of such a review or audit could have a negative effect on our 
operating results and financial condition. In addition, the determination of our worldwide provision for income taxes 
and other tax liabilities requires significant judgment, and there are many transactions and calculations where the 
ultimate tax determination is uncertain. Although we believe our estimates are reasonable, the ultimate tax outcome 
may differ from the amounts recorded in our financial statements and may materially affect our financial results in the 
period or periods for which such determination is made.
Risks Related to Ownership of Our Stock 
The trading price for our Class A common stock may continue to be volatile and the trading price for our newly 
distributed non-voting Class C capital stock may also be volatile.Table of Contents17The trading price of our stock has at times experienced substantial price volatility and may continue to be volatile. 
For example, from January 1, 2014 through December 31, 2014, the closing price of our Class A common stock, 
retroactively adjusted as if the Stock Split occurred on January 1, 2014, ranged from $498.16 per share to $610.70 
per share, and from April 3, 2014 through December 31, 2014, the closing price of our Class C capital stock ranged 
from $495.39 to $596.08 per share.
In addition, following the settlement of litigation involving the authorization to distribute our non-voting Class C 
capital stock, our board of directors approved a distribution of shares of Class C capital stock as a dividend to our 
holders of Class A and Class B common stock with a payment date of April 2, 2014, and on April 3, 2014, Class C 
capital stock was listed on The NASDAQ Global Select Market. In accordance with the settlement, we may be obligated 
to make a payment to holders of Class C capital stock if, on average, Class C capital stock trades below Class A 
common stock during the first 365 days following the first date the Class C capital stock trades. If such a payment is 
required, it must be made to holders of the Class C stock in cash, Class A stock, Class C stock, or a combination 
thereof, at the discretion of the board of directors. For further disclosure regarding this potential payment, please refer 
to Note 12 “Stockholders’  Equity - Stock Split Effected in Form of Stock Dividend” of the Notes to Consolidated Financial 
Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Over time, we cannot reliably predict what, 
if any, patterns will emerge with respect to the relative trading prices of Class A common stock and Class C capital 
stock. 
The trading price of our Class A common stock and Class C capital stock may fluctuate widely in response to 
various factors, some of which are beyond our control. These factors include, among others:
• Quarterly variations in our results of operations or those of our competitors.
• Announcements by us or our competitors of acquisitions, new products, significant contracts, commercial 
relationships, or capital commitments.
• Recommendations by securities analysts or changes in earnings estimates.
• Announcements about our earnings that are not in line with analyst expectations, the risk of which is enhanced 
because it is our policy not to give guidance on earnings.
• Announcements by our competitors of their earnings that are not in line with analyst expectations.
• Commentary by industry and market professionals about our products, strategies, and other matters affecting 
our business and results, regardless of its accuracy .
• The volume of shares of Class A common stock and Class C capital stock available for public sale.
• Sales of Class A common stock and Class C capital stock by us or by our stockholders (including sales by our 
directors, executive officers, and other employees).
• Short sales, hedging, and other derivative transactions on shares of our Class A common stock and Class C 
capital stock.
• The perceived values of Class A common stock and Class C capital stock relative to one another .
In addition, the stock market in general, and the market for technology companies in particular , have experienced 
extreme price and volume fluctuations that have often been unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance 
of those companies. These broad market and industry factors may harm the market price of our Class A common stock 
and our Class C capital stock regardless of our actual operating performance.
The concentration of our stock ownership limits our stockholders’  ability to influence corporate matters.
Our Class B common stock has 10 votes per share, our Class A common stock has one vote per share, and our 
Class C capital stock has no voting rights. As of December 31, 2014, Larry , Sergey , and Eric beneficially owned 
approximately 92.5% of our outstanding Class B common stock, which represented approximately 60.1% of the voting 
power of our outstanding capital stock. Larry , Sergey , and Eric therefore have significant influence over management 
and affairs and over all matters requiring stockholder approval, including the election of directors and significant Table of Contents18corporate transactions, such as a merger or other sale of our company or our assets, for the foreseeable future. In 
addition, because our Class C capital stock carries no voting rights (except as required by applicable law), the issuance 
of the Class C capital stock, including in future stock-based acquisition transactions and to fund employee equity 
incentive programs, could prolong the duration of Larry and Sergey’ s current relative ownership of our voting power 
and their ability to elect all of our directors and to determine the outcome of most matters submitted to a vote of our 
stockholders. Together with Eric, they would also continue to be able to control any required stockholder vote with 
respect to certain change in control transactions involving Google (including an acquisition of Google by another 
company).
This concentrated control limits or severely restricts our stockholders’  ability to influence corporate matters and, 
as a result, we may take actions that our stockholders do not view as beneficial. As a result, the market price of our 
Class A common stock and our Class C capital stock could be adversely affected.
Provisions in our charter documents and under Delaware law could discourage a takeover that stockholders 
may consider favorable.
Provisions in our certificate of incorporation and bylaws may have the effect of delaying or preventing a change 
of control or changes in our management. These provisions include the following:
• Our certificate of incorporation provides for a tri-class capital stock structure. As a result of this structure, Larry , 
Sergey , and Eric have significant influence over all matters requiring stockholder approval, including the election 
of directors and significant corporate transactions, such as a merger or other sale of our company or our 
assets. This concentrated control could discourage others from initiating any potential merger , takeover , or 
other change of control transaction that other stockholders may view as beneficial. As noted above, the issuance 
of the Class C capital stock could have the effect of prolonging the influence of Larry , Sergey , and Eric.
• Our board of directors has the right to elect directors to fill a vacancy created by the expansion of the board 
of directors or the resignation, death, or removal of a director , which prevents stockholders from being able 
to fill vacancies on our board of directors.
• Our stockholders may not act by written consent. As a result, a holder , or holders, controlling a majority of our 
capital stock would not be able to take certain actions without holding a stockholders' meeting.
• Our certificate of incorporation prohibits cumulative voting in the election of directors. This limits the ability of 
minority stockholders to elect director candidates.
• Stockholders must provide advance notice to nominate individuals for election to the board of directors or to 
propose matters that can be acted upon at a stockholders’  meeting. These provisions may discourage or deter 
a potential acquirer from conducting a solicitation of proxies to elect the acquirer's own slate of directors or 
otherwise attempting to obtain control of our company .
• Our board of directors may issue, without stockholder approval, shares of undesignated preferred stock. The 
ability to issue undesignated preferred stock makes it possible for our board of directors to issue preferred 
stock with voting or other rights or preferences that could impede the success of any attempt to acquire us.
As a Delaware corporation, we are also subject to certain Delaware anti-takeover provisions. Under Delaware 
law, a corporation may not engage in a business combination with any holder of 15% or more of its outstanding voting 
stock unless the holder has held the stock for three years or, among other things, the board of directors has approved 
the transaction. Our board of directors could rely on Delaware law to prevent or delay an acquisition of us.
ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS
There are no unresolved staff comments at December 31, 2014.
ITEM 2. PROPERTIES
Our headquarters are located in Mountain View, California, where we own approximately 4.8 million square feet 
of office and building space and approximately fifteen acres of developable land to accommodate anticipated future Table of Contents19growth. In addition, we own and lease office and building space, research and development, and sales and support 
offices primarily in North America, Europe, South America, and Asia. We operate and own data centers in the U.S., 
Europe, South America, and Asia pursuant to various lease agreements and co-location arrangements. We believe 
our existing facilities, both owned and leased, are in good condition and suitable for the conduct of our business.
ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS
For a description of our material pending legal proceedings, please see Note 10 “Commitments and Contingencies  
- Legal Matters” of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 
10-K, which is incorporated herein by reference.
ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES
Not applicable.
PART II
ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT’S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS
AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES
Our Class  A common stock has been listed on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol “GOOG” since 
August 19, 2004 and under the symbol "GOOGL" since April 3, 2014. Prior to August 19, 2004, there was no public 
market for our stock. The following table sets forth for the indicated periods the high and low sales prices per share 
for our Class  A common stock on the Nasdaq Global Select Market, adjusted for the Stock Split (please see Note 12 
of Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information related to the Stock Split).
Fiscal Year 2014 Quarters Ended: High Low
March 31, 2014 $ 610.70 $ 551.17
June 30, 2014 585.93 518.00
September 30, 2014 605.40 571.81
December 31, 2014 587.78 498.16
 
Fiscal Year 2013 Quarters Ended: High Low
March 31, 2013 $ 419.72 $ 351.79
June 30, 2013 458.40 383.34
September 30, 2013 462.81 423.87
December 31, 2013 560.92 427.26
Our Class B common stock is neither listed nor traded.
Our Class C capital stock has been listed on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol “GOOG” since 
April 3, 2014. Prior to that time, there was no public market for our Class C capital stock. The following table sets forth 
for the indicated periods the high and low sales prices per share for our Class C capital stock on the Nasdaq Global 
Select Market.  
Fiscal Year 2014 Quarters Ended: High Low
March 31, 2014 $ —$ —
June 30, 2014 578.65 509.96
September 30, 2014 596.08 562.73
December 31, 2014 577.35 495.39
Holders of Record
As of December 31, 2014 , there were approximately , 2,448  and 2,507 stockholders of record of our Class  A 
common stock and Class C capital stock, respectively , and the closing prices of our Class  A common stock and Class 
C capital stock were $530.66  and $526.40 per share, respectively , as reported by the NASDAQ Global Select Market. 
Because many of our shares of Class  A common stock and Class C capital stock are held by brokers and other 
institutions on behalf of stockholders, we are unable to estimate the total number of stockholders represented by these Table of Contents20record holders. As of December 31, 2014 , there were approximately 73 stockholders of record of our Class B common 
stock.
Dividend Policy
We have never declared or paid any cash dividend on our common or capital stock. We intend to retain any 
future earnings and do not expect to pay any cash dividends in the foreseeable future.
Stock Performance Graph
The following graph compares the 5-year cumulative total return to shareholders on Google Inc.’s common stock 
relative to the cumulative total returns of the S&P 500 index, the RDG Internet Composite index, and the NASDAQ 
Composite index. An investment of $100 (with reinvestment of all dividends) is assumed to have been made in the 
company’ s Class A common stock and in each index on December 31, 2009 and its relative performance is tracked 
through December 31, 2014 . The returns shown are based on historical results and are not intended to suggest future 
performance.
COMP ARISON OF 5 YEAR CUMULA TIVE T OTAL RETURN*
Among Google Inc., the S&P  500 Index, the
NASDAQ Composite Index, and the RDG Internet Composite Index
*$100 invested on December 31, 2009 in stock or index, including reinvestment of dividends. Fiscal year ending December 31.
Copyright© 2015 S&P , a division of The McGraw-Hill Companies Inc. All rights reserved.
This performance graph shall not be deemed “filed” for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act 
of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), or incorporated by reference into any filing of Google under the Securities 
Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, except as shall be expressly set forth by specific reference in such 
filing.Table of Contents21ITEM 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA
The following selected consolidated financial data should be read in conjunction with Item 7 “Management’ s 
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” and our consolidated financial statements 
and the related notes appearing in Item 8 “Financial Statements and Supplementary Data” of this Annual Report on 
Form 10-K.
The consolidated statements of income data for the years ended December 31, 2012 , 2013 , and 2014  and the 
consolidated balance sheet data as of December 31, 2013 , and 2014  are derived from our audited consolidated 
financial statements appearing in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The consolidated statements of income 
data for the years ended December 31, 2010  and 2011, and the consolidated balance sheet data as of December 31, 
2010 , 2011, and 2012 , are derived from our audited consolidated financial statements that are not included in this 
Annual Report on Form 10-K. The historical results are not necessarily indicative of the results to be expected in any 
future period.  
  Year Ended December 31,
  2010 2011 2012 2013 2014
  (in millions, except per share amounts)
Consolidated Statements of Income Data:
Revenues $ 29,321 $ 37,905 $ 46,039 $ 55,519 $ 66,001
Income from operations 10,381 11,742 13,834 15,403 16,496
Net income from continuing operations 8,505 9,737 11,553 13,347 13,928
Net income (loss) from discontinued
operations 0 0 (816) (427) 516
Net income 8,505 9,737 10,737 12,920 14,444
Net income (loss) per share - basic:
Continuing operations $ 13.35 $ 15.09 $ 17.66 $ 20.05 $ 20.61
Discontinued operations 0.00 0.00 (1.25 ) (0.64 ) 0.76
Net income (loss) per share - basic
$ 13.35 $ 15.09 $ 16.41 $ 19.41 $ 21.37
Net income (loss) per share - diluted:
Continuing operations $ 13.16 $ 14.88 $ 17.39 $ 19.70 $ 20.27
Discontinued operations 0.00 0.00 (1.23 ) (0.63 ) 0.75
Net income (loss) per share - diluted
$ 13.16 $ 14.88 $ 16.16 $ 19.07 $ 21.02
  As of December 31,
  2010 2011 2012 2013 2014
  (in millions)
Consolidated Balance Sheet Data:
Cash, cash equivalents, and marketable
securities $ 34,975 $ 44,626 $ 48,088 $ 58,717 $ 64,395
Total assets 57,851 72,574 93,798 110,920 131,133
Total long-term liabilities 1,614 5,516 7,746 7,703 9,828
Total stockholders’ equity 46,241 58,145 71,715 87,309 104,500Table of Contents22ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS
OF OPERATIONS
Please read the following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations together 
with our consolidated financial statements and related notes included under Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-
K. 
Trends in Our Business
The following trends have contributed to the results of our operations, and we anticipate that they will continue 
to impact our future results:
• User behaviors and advertising continue to shift online as the digital economy evolves.  
The continuing shift from an offline to online world has contributed to the growth of our business since our inception, 
resulting in increasing revenues, and we expect that this online shift will continue to benefit our business. 
• Users are increasingly using multiple devices to access our products and services, and our advertising 
revenues are increasingly coming from mobile phones and other new formats.
Our users are accessing the Internet via multiple devices. Mobile computing power continues to grow and users 
want to feel connected no matter where they are or what they are doing.  We seek to expand our products and services 
to stay in front of this shift in order to maintain and grow our business.
In this multi-device world, we generate our advertising revenues increasingly from mobile phones and newer 
advertising formats, and the margins from the advertising revenues from these sources have generally been lower 
than those from desktop computers and tablets. Our traffic acquisition cost (TAC) may also be impacted because the 
rates at which we share mobile revenues with our partners may not be as favorable to us as those with our traditional 
desktop and tablet formats.  We expect both of these trends to continue to pressure our overall margins, particularly 
if we fail to realize the opportunities presented during the transition to a dynamic multi-screen environment.
• As users in developing economies increasingly come online, we generate more and more revenues 
from international markets.
The shift to online, as well as the advent of the multi-device world, has brought opportunities outside of the U.S., 
especially in emerging markets, and we continue to develop localized versions of our products and relevant advertising 
programs useful to our users in these markets.  This has led to increased revenues from international markets over 
time and we expect that our results will continue to be impacted by our performance in these markets, particularly as 
low-cost mobile devices become more available.
Our international revenues have gone from 55% of total revenues in 2013  to 57% in 2014 . As a result, we are 
increasingly subject to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates relative to the U.S. dollar . While we have a 
foreign exchange risk management program designed to reduce our exposure to these fluctuations, this program does 
not fully offset their effect on our revenues and earnings.
• As we seek to provide our users with products and services in a multi-screen environment, the portion 
of our revenues that we derive from non-advertising revenues is increasing.  
Non-advertising revenues have gone from 9% of total revenues in 2013  to 11% in 2014 . We expect this trend to 
continue as we focus on expanding our offerings to our users through products like Google Play, Google for Work, 
and Nexus devices.  We derive other revenues primarily from sales of digital content products, hardware sales, and 
licensing.  The margins on these non-advertising businesses vary significantly and may be lower than the margins on 
our advertising business.
• As we continue to look for new ways to serve our users, we will invest heavily in R&D and our capital 
expenditures will continue to fluctuate.
We continue to make significant research and development (R&D) investments in areas of strategic focus, such 
as search and advertising, as well as in new products and services. The amount of our capital expenditures has 
fluctuated and may continue to fluctuate in the long term as we invest heavily in our systems, data centers, real estate 
and facilities, and information technology infrastructure.
In addition, acquisitions remain an important part of our strategy and use of capital, and we expect to continue 
to spend cash on acquisitions and other investments. These acquisitions generally enhance the breadth and depth of 
our offerings, as well as expanding our expertise in engineering and other functional areas.Table of Contents23• Our employees are critical to our success and we expect to continue investing in them.
Our employees are among our best assets and are critical for our continued success. Their energy and talent 
drive Google and create our success. We expect to continue hiring talented employees and to provide competitive 
compensation programs to our employees. As of December 31, 2014 , we had 53,600 full-time employees: 20,832 in 
research and development, 17,621 in sales and marketing, 7,510 in general and administrative, and 7,637 in operations, 
an increase of 9,738 total headcount from December 31, 2013 .
Executive Overview of Results
Here are our key financial results for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2014 :
• Consolidated revenues increased  18.9%  to $66.0 billion , primarily driven by an increase in advertising revenues 
generated by Google websites and an increase in other revenues, and to a lesser extent, an increase in 
advertising revenues generated by Google Network Members' websites.
• Revenues from the United States, the United Kingdom, and Rest of World were, $28.1 billion , $6.5 billion , and 
$31.4 billion , respectively .
• Cost of revenues was $25.7 billion , consisting of traffic acquisition costs of $13.5 billion  and other cost of 
revenues of $12.2 billion . Our traffic acquisition costs as a percentage of advertising revenues was 22.9% . 
• Operating expenses (excluding cost of revenues) were $23.8 billion , primarily driven by labor and facilities-
related costs for our research and development and sales and marketing functions, advertising and promotional 
expenses, and stock-based compensation expense.
• Income from operations was $16.5 billion .
• Effective tax rate was 19.3% .
• Net income was $14.4 billion  with diluted earnings per share of $21.02 .
• Operating cash flow was $22.4 billion .
• Capital expenditures were $11.0 billion .
Results of Operations
The following table presents our operating results as a percentage of revenues for the periods presented:
 Year Ended December 31,
2012 2013 2014
Consolidated Statements of Income Data:
Revenues 100.0 % 100.0 % 100.0 %
Costs and expenses:
Cost of revenues 37.3 39.6 38.9
Research and development 13.2 12.9 14.9
Sales and marketing 11.9 11.8 12.3
General and administrative 7.6 8.0 8.9
Total costs and expenses 70.0% 72.3% 75.0%
Income from operations 30.0 27.7 25.0
Interest and other income, net 1.4 0.9 1.2
Income from continuing operations before income taxes 31.4 28.6 26.2
Provision for income taxes 6.3 4.6 5.1
Net income from continuing operations 25.1 24.0 21.1
Net income (loss) from discontinued operations (1.8) (0.7) 0.8
Net income 23.3% 23.3% 21.9%
Motorola
On May 22, 2012, we acquired Motorola Mobility Holdings, Inc. (Motorola), consisting of the Motorola Home and 
Motorola Mobile businesses. On April 17, 2013, we sold the Motorola Home business to Arris Group, Inc. (Arris). The 
financial results of Motorola Home were included in net income (loss) from discontinued operations on the Consolidated 
Statements of Income for the years ended December 31, 2012 and 2013. On October 29, 2014 we sold the Motorola Table of Contents24Mobile business to Lenovo Group Limited (Lenovo). The financial results of Motorola Mobile are presented as net 
income (loss) from discontinued operations on the Consolidated Statements of Income for the years ended December 
31, 2012, 2013, and 2014.
Revenues
The following table presents our revenues, by revenue source, for the periods presented (in millions):  
  Year Ended December 31,
  2012 2013 2014
Advertising revenues:
Google websites $ 31,221 $ 37,422 $ 45,085
Google Network Members' websites (1)12,465 13,125 13,971
Total advertising revenues 43,686 50,547 59,056
Other revenues 2,353 4,972 6,945
Revenues $ 46,039 $ 55,519 $ 66,001
(1) Our revenues from Google Network Members’  websites include revenues generated primarily through advertising 
programs including AdSense for search, AdSense for content, AdExchange, AdMob, and DoubleClick Bid Manager .
The following table presents our revenues, by revenue source, as a percentage of revenues for the periods 
presented:
Year Ended December 31,
  2012 2013 2014
Advertising revenues:
Google websites 67.8% 67.4% 68.3%
Google Network Members' websites 27.1 23.6 21.2
Total advertising revenues 94.9% 91.0% 89.5%
Other revenues 5.1 9.0 10.5
Revenues 100.0 % 100.0 % 100.0 %
Google websites as % of advertising revenues 71.5% 74.0% 76.3%
Google Network Members’ websites as % of advertising revenues 28.5% 26.0% 23.7%
Advertising Revenues and Monetization Metrics
Our advertising revenues increased  $8,509 million  from 2013  to 2014  primarily from an increase in advertising 
revenues generated by both Google websites and Google Network Members' websites. Our advertising revenues 
growth was driven primarily by an increase in the number of aggregate paid clicks through our advertising programs 
of 20% from 2013  to 2014 . The increase in the number of paid clicks generated through our advertising programs was 
due to certain monetization improvements including new and richer ad formats, an increase in aggregate traffic across 
all platforms, the continued global expansion of our products, advertisers, and user base, and an increase in the 
number of Google Network Members, partially offset by certain advertising policy changes. The positive impact of our 
revenues from paid clicks was partially offset by a decrease in the average cost-per-click paid by our advertisers of 
5% from 2013  to 2014 . The decrease was due to various factors, such as the geographic mix, device mix, property 
mix, ongoing product and policy changes, and the general strengthening of the U.S. dollar compared to certain foreign 
currencies.
Our advertising revenues increased $6,861 million  from 2012  to 2013 . This increase resulted primarily from an 
increase in advertising revenues generated by Google websites, and to a lesser extent, an increase in advertising 
revenues generated by Google Network Members' websites. The increase in advertising revenues for Google websites 
and Google Network Members' websites resulted primarily from an increase in the number of paid clicks through our 
advertising programs, as paid clicks on Google websites and Google Network Members' websites increased 
approximately 25% from 2012  to 2013 . The increase in the number of paid clicks generated through our advertising 
programs was due to certain monetization improvements including new and richer ad formats, an increase in aggregate 
traffic across all platforms, the continued global expansion of our products, advertisers, and user base, as well as an 
increase in the number of Google Network Members, partially offset by certain advertising policy changes. This revenue Table of Contents25increase was partially offset by a decrease in the average cost-per-click paid by our advertisers. Average cost-per-
click on Google websites and Google Network Members' websites decreased approximately 8% from 2012  to 2013 . 
The decrease in the average cost-per-click paid by our advertisers was driven by various factors, such as the geographic 
mix, device mix, property mix, ongoing product and policy changes, and the general strengthening of the U.S. dollar 
compared to certain foreign currencies.
Our revenue growth rate has generally declined over time as a result of a number of factors, including increasing 
competition, query growth rates, challenges in maintaining our growth rate as our revenues increase to higher levels, 
the evolution of the online advertising market, our investments in new business strategies, changes in our product 
mix, and shifts in the geographic mix of our revenues. We also expect that our revenue growth rate will continue to be 
affected by evolving user preferences, advertising trends, the acceptance by users of our products and services as 
they are delivered on diverse devices, and our ability to create a seamless experience for both users and advertisers.
The following table presents the changes in our paid clicks and cost-per-click for the periods presented (in 
percentage terms):
 Change from
2012 to 2013Change from
2013 to 2014
Aggregate paid clicks 25% 20%
Paid clicks on Google websites (1)33% 29%
Paid clicks on Google Network Members' websites (2)11% 2%
Aggregate cost-per-click (8)% (5)%
Cost-per-click on Google websites (10)% (7)%
Cost-per-click on Google Network Members' websites (8)% (6)%
(1) Paid clicks on Google websites include clicks related to ads served on Google owned and operated properties 
across dif ferent geographies and devices, including search, YouTube engagement ads like TrueV iew, and other 
owned and operated properties including Maps and Finance.
(2) Paid clicks on Google Network Members' websites include clicks related to ads served on non-Google 
properties participating in our AdSense for Search, AdSense for Content, and AdMob businesses.
The rate of change in revenues, as well as the rate of change in paid clicks and average cost-per-click on Google 
websites and Google Network Members' websites and their correlation with the rate of change in revenues, has 
fluctuated and may fluctuate in the future because of various factors, including:
• growth rates of our revenues from Google websites compared to those of our revenues from Google Network 
Members' websites;
• advertiser competition for keywords;
• changes in foreign currency exchange rates;
• seasonality;
• the fees advertisers are willing to pay based on how they manage their advertising costs;
• changes in advertising quality or formats;
• traffic growth in emerging markets compared to more mature markets and across various advertising verticals 
and channels; 
• a shift in the proportion of non-click based revenue generated in Google websites and Google Network 
Members' websites; and
• general economic conditions.
Changes in aggregate paid clicks and average cost-per-click on Google websites and Google Network Members' 
websites may not reflect our performance or advertiser experiences in any specific geographic market, vertical, or 
industry .
Other Revenues 
Other revenues increased  $1,973 million  from 2013  to 2014  and also increased as a percentage of total revenues. 
The increase  was primarily due to growth of our sales of digital content products, such as apps, music, and movies 
on the Google Play store.
Other revenues increased $2,619 million from 2012  to 2013  and also increased as a percentage of revenues. 
The increase was primarily due to growth of our digital content products, such as apps, music, and movies.  We also Table of Contents26experienced an increase in our hardware revenues due to increased sales of Chromecast, directly-sold Nexus products, 
and Chrome OS devices.
Revenues by Geography
The following table presents our domestic and international revenues as a percentage of revenues, determined 
based on the billing addresses of our customers:
  Year Ended December 31,
  2012 2013 2014
United States 46% 45% 43%
United Kingdom 11% 10% 10%
Rest of the world 43% 45% 47%
The growth in revenues from rest of the world as a percentage of revenues from 2012  to 2013  and from 2013  to 
2014  resulted largely from increased acceptance of our advertising programs and our continued progress in developing 
localized versions of our products for international markets, partially offset in 2014 by the general strengthening of the 
U.S. dollar relative to certain foreign currencies.
Foreign Exchange Impact on Revenues
Our international revenues are favorably impacted as the U.S. dollar weakens relative to other foreign currencies, 
and unfavorably impacted as the U.S dollar strengthens relative to other foreign currencies. For the purposes of 
determining the impact of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations on our revenues, we take the U.S. dollar 
equivalent of foreign currency-denominated revenues of a particular period translated at the current period exchange 
rates minus the same revenues translated at corresponding prior year rates.
We use foreign currency options to hedge certain foreign exchange impacts on our forecasted earnings. To the 
extent these derivatives are effective in managing our foreign exchange risk, we will reflect the hedge benefit in revenues 
in the period the hedged revenues are recorded. We pay a premium reflecting the time value of the option on the date 
of purchase. The changes in the time value of the option are reflected in interest and other income, net, over the life 
of the option, in the period incurred.
The following table presents our foreign exchange impact on revenues for the periods presented:
  Year Ended December 31,
  2012 2013 2014
United Kingdom revenues $ 4,846 $ 5,600 $ 6,483
Foreign exchange impact on current year revenues using corresponding
prior year exchange rates -- (revenues would be higher)/revenues would
be lower (68) (67) 303
Hedging gains recognized in current year 18 63 3
Rest of the world revenues $ 19,906 $25,167 $ 31,379
Foreign exchange impact on current year revenues using corresponding
prior year exchange rates -- (revenues would be higher)/revenues would
be lower (1,099 ) (536) (858)
Hedging gains recognized in current year 199 32 168
In 2014, our revenues from the United Kingdom were favorably impacted by changes in foreign currency exchange 
rates over the prior year, primarily as the U.S. dollar weakened relative to certain currencies, most notably the British 
pound. Our revenues from the rest of the world (excluding the United Kingdom) were unfavorably impacted by changes 
in foreign currency exchange rates over the prior year, as the U.S. dollar strengthened relative to certain currencies, 
most notably the Japanese yen and the Australian dollar , and partially offset by the favorable impact of the U.S. dollar 
weakening against certain currencies, most notably the euro.
In 2013, our revenues from the United Kingdom were unfavorably impacted by changes in foreign currency 
exchange rates over the prior year, primarily as the U.S dollar strengthened relative to certain currencies, most notably 
the British pound. Our revenues from the rest of the world (excluding the United Kingdom) were unfavorably impacted 
by changes in foreign currency exchange rates over the prior year, as the U.S. dollar strengthened relative to certain 
currencies, most notably the Japanese yen and the Brazilian real, and partially offset by the favorable impact of the 
U.S. dollar weakening relative to certain currencies, including the euro.Table of Contents27Costs and Expenses
Cost of Revenues
Cost of revenues consists of traffic acquisition costs which are the advertising revenues shared with our Google 
Network Members and the amounts paid to our distribution partners who distribute our browser or otherwise direct 
search queries to our website.
Additionally , other cost of revenues (which is the cost of revenues minus traffic acquisition costs) includes the 
following:
• Content acquisition costs primarily related to payments to certain content providers from whom we license 
their video and other content for distribution on YouTube and Google Play (we share most of the fees these 
sales generate with content providers or pay a fixed fee to these content providers);
• The expenses associated with the operation of our data centers (including depreciation, labor , energy , and 
bandwidth costs); 
• Inventory costs for hardware we sell; 
• Stock-based compensation paid to our employees;
• Credit card and other transaction fees related to processing customer transactions; and 
• Amortization of certain intangible assets. 
The following tables present our cost of revenues and cost of revenues as a percentage of revenues, and our 
traffic acquisition costs and traffic acquisition costs as a percentage of advertising revenues, for the periods presented 
(dollars in millions):
  Year Ended December 31,
  2012 2013 2014
Traffic acquisition costs $10,956 $12,258 $13,497
Other cost of revenues $ 6,220 $ 9,735 $12,194
Total cost of revenues $17,176 $21,993 $25,691
Cost of revenues as a percentage of revenues 37.3% 39.6% 38.9%
  Year Ended December 31,
  2012 2013 2014
Traffic acquisition costs to Google Network Members $ 8,791 $ 9,293 $ 9,864
Traffic acquisition costs to distribution partners 2,165 2,965 3,633
Traffic acquisition costs $10,956 $12,258 $13,497
Traffic acquisition costs as a percentage of advertising revenues 25.1% 24.2% 22.9%
The cost of revenues that we incur related to revenues generated from ads placed through our AdSense program 
on the websites of our Google Network Members, which is the network of third parties that use our advertising programs 
to deliver relevant ads with their search results and content, are significantly higher than the costs of revenues we 
incur related to revenues generated from ads placed on Google websites because most of the advertiser fees from 
ads served on Google Network Members’  websites are shared with our Google Network Members. For the past five 
years, growth in advertising revenues from Google websites has generally exceeded that from our Google Network 
Members’  websites. This had a positive impact on our income from operations during this period. 
Cost of revenues increased  $3,698 million  from 2013  to 2014 . The increase  was partially due to increases in 
traffic acquisition costs of $1,239 million resulting from more distribution fees paid for additional traffic directed to 
Google websites, as well as more advertiser fees paid to Google Network Members, driven primarily by an increase 
in advertising revenues. The remaining increase was primarily driven by an increase in data center costs, content 
acquisition costs as a result of increased usage activities related to YouTube and digital content by our users, and 
revenue share payments to mobile carriers and original equipment manufacturers (OEMs).  In addition, the increase 
was also driven by an impairment charge related to a patent licensing royalty asset acquired in connection with the 
Motorola acquisition. The decrease in traffic acquisition costs as a percentage of advertising revenues was primarily 
a result of a shift of mix between Google website revenue and Google Network Members' websites revenue.
Cost of revenues increased $4,817 million  from 2012  to 2013 . The increase was due to increases in traffic 
acquisition costs of $1,302 million resulting from more distribution fees paid, more fees paid for additional traffic directed 
to Google websites, as well as more advertiser fees generated through our AdSense program. The remaining increase Table of Contents28was primarily driven by an increase in data center costs, hardware inventory costs as a result of increased hardware 
sales, content acquisition costs as a result of increased activities related to YouTube and digital content, and revenue 
share payments to mobile carriers and original equipment manufacturers (OEMs). The decrease in traffic acquisition 
costs as a percentage of advertising revenues was primarily as a result of a shift of mix between Google website 
revenue and Google Network Members' websites revenue.
We expect cost of revenues will increase in dollar amount and may increase as a percentage of total revenues 
in 2015 and future periods, based on a number of factors, including the following:
• The relative growth rates of revenues from Google websites and from our Google Network Members’  websites;
• The growth rates of expenses associated with our data center operations, as well as our hardware inventory 
costs;
• Increased proportion of other non-advertising revenues as part of our total revenues;
• Whether we are able to enter into more revenue share arrangements with Google Network Members and 
distribution partners that provide for lower revenue share obligations or whether increased competition for 
arrangements with existing and potential Google Network Members and distribution partners results in less 
favorable revenue share arrangements;
• Whether we are able to continue to improve the monetization of traffic on Google websites and our Google 
Network Members' websites; and
• The relative growth rates of expenses associated with distribution arrangements and the related revenues 
generated.
Research and Development
The following table presents our R&D expenses, and those expenses as a percentage of revenues, for the periods 
presented (dollars in millions):
  Year Ended December 31,
  2012 2013 2014
Research and development expenses $ 6,083 $7,137 $ 9,832
Research and development expenses as a percentage of revenues 13.2% 12.9% 14.9%
R&D expenses consist primarily of:
• Labor and facilities-related costs for employees responsible for R&D in our existing businesses as well as new 
products and services;
• Depreciation and equipment-related expenses; and
• Stock-based compensation expense for employees responsible for R&D.
R&D expenses increased  $2,695 million  and increased as a percentage of revenues from 2013  to 2014 . The 
increase  was primarily due to an increase in labor and facilities-related costs of $1,289 million and an increase in stock-
based compensation expense of $559 million, both largely as a result of a 27% increase in R&D headcount. In addition, 
there was an increase in depreciation and equipment-related expenses of $425 million and an increase in professional 
services of $371 million due to additional expenses incurred for consulting and outsourced services. R&D expenses 
increased as a percentage of revenues primarily due to a higher increase in labor and facilities-related costs relative 
to the increase in revenues.
R&D expenses increased $1,054 million  from 2012  to 2013  and as a percentage of revenues remained relatively 
flat from 2012  to 2013 . The increase in expenses was primarily due to an increase in labor and facilities-related costs 
of $596 million and an increase in stock-based compensation expense of $367 million, both largely as a result of an 
18% increase in R&D headcount.
We expect that R&D expenses will increase in dollar amount and may increase as a percentage of revenues in 
2015 and future periods.Table of Contents29Sales and Marketing
The following table presents our sales and marketing expenses, and those expenses as a percentage of revenues, 
for the periods presented (dollars in millions):
  Year Ended December 31,
  2012 2013 2014
Sales and marketing expenses $ 5,465 $ 6,554 $ 8,131
Sales and marketing expenses as a percentage of revenues 11.9% 11.8% 12.3%
Sales and marketing expenses consist primarily of:
• Labor and facilities-related costs for our personnel engaged in sales and marketing, sales support, and certain 
customer service functions;
• Advertising and promotional expenditures related to our products and services; and
• Stock-based compensation expense for our employees engaged in sales, sales support, and certain customer 
service functions.
Sales and marketing expenses increased  $1,577 million  and increased slightly as a percentage of revenues from 
2013  to 2014 . The increase  was primarily due to an increase in advertising and promotional expenses of $614 million. 
In addition, there was an increase in labor and facilities-related costs of $571 million and an increase in stock-based 
compensation expense of $163 million, both largely resulting from a 15% increase in sales and marketing headcount. 
Sales and marketing expenses increased slightly as a percentage of revenues primarily due to an increase in advertising 
and promotional expenses relative to the increase in revenues.
Sales and marketing expenses increased $1,089 million  from 2012  to 2013  and as a percentage of revenues 
remained flat from 2012  to 2013 . The increase in expenses was primarily due to an increase in advertising and 
promotional expenses of $674 million, as well as an increase in labor and facilities-related costs of $233 million and 
an increase in stock-based compensation expense of $103 million, both largely resulting from a 13% increase in sales 
and marketing headcount.
We expect that sales and marketing expenses will increase in dollar amount and may increase as a percentage 
of revenues in 2015 and future periods.
General and Administrative
The following table presents our general and administrative expenses, and those expenses as a percentage of 
revenues, for the periods presented (dollars in millions):
  Year Ended December 31,
  2012 2013 2014
General and administrative expenses $ 3,481 $ 4,432 $ 5,851
General and administrative expenses as a percentage of revenues 7.6% 8.0% 8.9%
General and administrative expenses consist primarily of:
• Labor and facilities-related costs for personnel in our facilities, finance, human resources, information technology , 
and legal organizations;
• Professional services fees primarily related to outside legal, audit, information technology consulting, and 
outsourcing services;
• Amortization of certain intangible assets; and
• Stock-based compensation expense.
General and administrative expenses increased  $1,419 million  and also increased as a percentage of revenues 
from 2013  to 2014 . The increase  was primarily due to an increase in labor and facilities-related costs of $576 million 
and an increase in stock-based compensation expense of $260 million, both largely resulting from a 24% increase in 
general and administrative headcount. In addition, there was an increase in professional services related expense of 
$314 million due to higher legal-related costs, as well as additional consulting and outsourced services. General and 
administrative expenses increased as a percentage of revenues primarily due to an increase in labor and facilities-
related costs and stock-based compensation expense relative to the increase in revenues.
General and administrative expenses increased $951 million  from 2012  to 2013  and as a percentage of revenues 
remained relatively flat from 2012 to 2013. The increase in expenses was primarily due to an increase in labor and Table of Contents30facilities-related costs of $396 million, largely resulting from a 15% increase in general and administrative headcount, 
an increase in depreciation and equipment-related expense of $222 million, as well as an increase in amortization of 
acquired intangible assets of $157 million.
We expect general and administrative expenses will increase in dollar amount and may fluctuate as a percentage 
of revenues in 2015 and in future periods. 
Stock-Based Compensation
The following table presents our aggregate stock-based compensation expense, and stock-based compensation 
as a percentage of revenues, as reflected in our consolidated results from continuing operations for the periods 
presented (dollars in millions):
  Year Ended December 31,
  2012 2013 2014
Stock-based compensation $ 2,473 $ 3,127 $ 4,175
Stock-based compensation as a percentage of revenues 5.4% 5.6% 6.3%
Stock-based compensation increased $1,048 million from 2013  to 2014  and increased slightly as a percentage 
of revenues. These increases were primarily due to an increased headcount to support our growing business. In 
addition, we granted additional stock awards to our employees throughout 2014.
Stock-based compensation increased $654 million from 2012  to 2013  and as a percentage of consolidated 
revenues remained flat from 2012  to 2013 . This increase in expenses was primarily due to an increase in headcount 
to support our growing business.  
We estimate stock-based compensation expense to be approximately $4.3 billion in 2015 and $5.5 billion 
thereafter related to stock awards outstanding as of December 31, 2014. This estimate does not include expenses to 
be recognized related to stock-based awards granted after December 31, 2014 . If forfeiture rates are different from 
what we have anticipated, stock-based compensation related to these awards will be different from our expectations.
Interest and Other Income, Net
The following table presents the components included in Interest and Other Income, Net, as reflected in our 
consolidated results from continuing operations for the periods presented (dollars in millions):
  Year Ended December 31,
  2012 2013 2014
Interest and other income, net $ 635 $ 496 $ 763
Interest and other income, net as a percentage of revenues 1.4% 0.9% 1.2%
Interest and other income, net, increased  $267 million  from 2013  to 2014 . This increase  was primarily driven by 
realized gains on non-marketable equity investments of $159 million and previously-held equity interests of $126 
million, as well as a loss recognized on divestiture of businesses (other than Motorola Home) in 2013.  These increases 
were partially offset by an increase in foreign currency exchange loss of $23 million and a decrease in interest income 
of $20 million.
Interest and other income, net, decreased $139 million from 2012  to 2013 . This decrease was primarily driven 
by a decrease in the gain on divestiture of businesses (other than Motorola Home) of $245 million and a decrease in 
the realized gain on investments of $124 million, partially offset by a decrease in foreign currency exchange loss of 
$135 million and an increase in interest income of $66 million.
The costs of our foreign exchange hedging activities recognized to interest and other income, net, are primarily 
a function of the notional amount of the option and forward contracts and their related duration, the movement of the 
foreign exchange rates relative to the strike prices of the contracts, and the volatility of foreign exchange rates.
As we expand our international business, we believe costs related to hedging activities under our foreign exchange 
risk management program may increase in 2015 and future periods.Table of Contents31Provision for Income Taxes
The following table presents our provision for income taxes, and effective tax rate for the periods presented 
(dollars in millions):
  Year Ended December 31,
  2012 2013 2014
Provision for income taxes $ 2,916 $ 2,552 $ 3,331
Effective tax rate 20.2% 16.1% 19.3%
Our provision for income taxes and our effective tax rate increased from 2013 to 2014, largely due to proportionately 
more earnings realized in countries that have higher statutory tax rates and more benefit recognized in 2013 relative 
to 2014 due to the retroactive extension of the 2012 federal research and development credit, offset by a benefit taken 
on a valuation allowance release related to a capital loss carryforward in 2014.
Our provision for income taxes and our effective tax rate decreased from 2012 to 2013, primarily as a result of 
proportionately more earnings realized in countries that have lower statutory tax rates, as well as the federal research 
and development credit related to the American Taxpayer Relief Act of 2012 which was applied in the first quarter of 
2013.
A reconciliation of the federal statutory income tax rate to our ef fective tax rate is set forth in Note 14 of Notes 
to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.
Our future effective tax rates could be adversely affected by earnings being lower than anticipated in countries 
that have lower statutory rates and higher than anticipated in countries that have higher statutory rates, the net gains 
and losses recognized by legal entities on certain hedges and related hedged intercompany and other transactions 
under our foreign exchange risk management program, changes in the valuation of our deferred tax assets or liabilities, 
or changes in tax laws, regulations, or accounting principles, as well as certain discrete items.
We are subject to the continuous examination of our income tax returns by the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) 
and other domestic and foreign tax authorities. We regularly assess the likelihood of adverse outcomes resulting from 
these examinations to determine the adequacy of our provision for income taxes. We continue to monitor the progress 
of ongoing discussions with tax authorities and the impact, if any, of the expected expiration of the statute of limitations 
in various taxing jurisdictions. Further information on these issues, the treatment of undistributed foreign earnings and 
a reconciliation of the federal statutory income tax rate to our effective tax rate can be found in Notes 10 and 14 of 
Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.
See Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates below for additional information about our provision for income 
taxes.
Net Income (Loss) from Discontinued Operations
Motorola Mobile
On October 29, 2014, we closed the sale of the Motorola Mobile business to Lenovo for a total purchase price 
of approximately $2.9 billion (subject to certain adjustments), including $1.4 billion paid at close, comprised of $660 
million in cash and $750 million in Lenovo ordinary shares. The remaining $1.5 billion was paid in the form of an 
interest-free, three-year prepayable promissory note.
We maintain ownership of the vast majority of the Motorola Mobile patent portfolio, including pre-closing patent 
applications and invention disclosures, which we licensed to Motorola Mobile for its continued operations. Additionally , 
in connection with the sale, we agreed to indemnify Lenovo for certain potential liabilities of the Motorola Mobile 
business, for which we recorded a liability of $130 million  as of December 31, 2014.
The sale resulted in a gain of $740 million , net of tax, which was presented as part of net income from discontinued 
operations in the Consolidated Statements of Income for the year ended December 31, 2014. Incremental to this net 
gain, we recognized an additional income of $254 million , net of tax, in connection with certain IP licensing arrangements 
between the parties, included as part of net income from discontinued operations on the Consolidated Statements of 
Income for the year ended December 31, 2014.
The financial results of Motorola Mobile through the date of divestiture are presented as net income (loss) from 
discontinued operations on the Consolidated Statements of Income. The following table presents financial results of 
the Motorola Mobile business included in net income (loss) from discontinued operations for the years ended December 
31, 2012, 2013, and 2014 (in millions):Table of Contents32Year Ended December 31,
2012 2013 2014 (1)
Revenues $ 4,136 $ 4,306 $ 5,486
Loss from discontinued operations before income taxes (1,083 ) (1,403 ) (177)
Benefits from/(Provision for) income taxes 318 270 (47)
Gain on disposal 0 0 740
Net (loss) income from discontinued operations $ (765)$ (1,133 )$ 516
(1) The operating results of Motorola Mobile were included in our Consolidated Statements of Income from January 
1, 2014 through October 29, 2014, the date of divestiture.  
Motorola Home
On April 17, 2013, we sold the Motorola Home business to Arris. 
The financial results of Motorola Home through the date of divestiture are presented as net income (loss) from 
discontinued operations on the Consolidated Statement of Income. The following table presents financial results of 
the Motorola Home business included in net income (loss) from discontinued operations for the years ended December 
31, 2012 and 2013 (in millions):
Year Ended December 31,
2012 2013 (1)
Revenues $ 2,028 $ 804
Loss from discontinued operations before income taxes (22) (67)
(Provision for)/Benefits from income taxes (29) 16
Gain on disposal 0 757
Net (loss) income from discontinued operations $ (51)$ 706
(1) The operating results of Motorola Home were included in our Consolidated Statements of Income from January 
1, 2013 through April 17, 2013, the date of divestiture.  
Quarterly Results of Operations
The following tables presenting our quarterly results of operations should be read in conjunction with the 
consolidated financial statements and related notes included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We have 
prepared the unaudited information on the same basis as our audited consolidated financial statements. Our operating 
results for any quarter are not necessarily indicative of results for any future quarters or for a full year. Please note 
that previously reported quarters have been adjusted to show discontinued operations for the sale of the Motorola 
Mobile and Motorola Home businesses.  In addition, per share amounts for the previously reported quarters below 
have been retroactively adjusted to reflect the Stock Split. Please see Note 1 and Note 12 of Part II, Item 8 of this 
Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information on the Stock Split.
The following table presents our unaudited quarterly results of operations for the eight quarters ended December 
31, 2014 . This table includes all adjustments, consisting only of normal recurring adjustments, that we consider 
necessary for fair presentation of our consolidated financial position and operating results for the quarters presented. 
Both seasonal fluctuations in internet usage and traditional retail seasonality have affected, and are likely to continue 
to affect, our business. Internet usage generally slows during the summer months, and commercial queries typically 
increase significantly in the fourth quarter of each year. These seasonal trends have caused and will likely continue 
to cause, fluctuations in our quarterly results, including fluctuations in sequential revenue growth rates.
 Table of Contents33  Quarter Ended
 Mar 31,
2013Jun 30,
2013Sep 30,
2013Dec 31,
2013Mar 31,
2014Jun 30,
2014Sep 30,
2014Dec 31,
2014
(In millions, except per share amounts)
(unaudited)
Consolidated Statements of
Income Data:
Revenues $12,951 $13,107 $13,754 $15,707 $15,420 $15,955 $16,523 $18,103
Costs and expenses:
Cost of revenues 5,136 5,195 5,409 6,253 5,961 6,114 6,695 6,921
Research and development 1,617 1,766 1,821 1,933 2,126 2,238 2,655 2,813
Sales and marketing 1,435 1,583 1,628 1,908 1,729 1,941 2,084 2,377
General and administrative 1,015 1,098 1,135 1,184 1,489 1,404 1,365 1,593
Total costs and expenses 9,203 9,642 9,993 11,278 11,305 11,697 12,799 13,704
Income from operations 3,748 3,465 3,761 4,429 4,115 4,258 3,724 4,399
Interest and other income, net 134 236 14 112 357 145 133 128
Income from continuing
operations before income taxes 3,882 3,701 3,775 4,541 4,472 4,403 3,857 4,527
Provision for income taxes 354 927 612 659 822 913 859 737
Net income from continuing
operations $3,528 $2,774 $3,163 $3,882 $3,650 $3,490 $2,998 $3,790
Net income (loss) from
discontinued operations (182) 454 (193) (506) (198) (68) (185) 967
Net income $3,346 $3,228 $2,970 $3,376 $3,452 $3,422 $2,813 $4,757
Net income (loss) per share -
basic:
Continuing operations $5.34 $4.17 $4.74 $5.80 $5.42 $5.17 $4.42 $5.58
Discontinued operations (0.28 ) 0.68 (0.29 ) (0.76 ) (0.29 ) (0.10 ) (0.27 ) 1.43
Net income per share - basic $5.06 $4.85 $4.45 $5.04 $5.13 $5.07 $4.15 $7.01
Net income (loss) per share -
diluted:
Continuing operations $5.24 $4.10 $4.66 $5.69 $5.33 $5.09 $4.36 $5.50
Discontinued operations (0.27 ) 0.67 (0.28 ) (0.74 ) (0.29 ) (0.10 ) (0.27 ) 1.41
Net income per share - diluted $4.97 $4.77 $4.38 $4.95 $5.04 $4.99 $4.09 $6.91Table of Contents34The following table presents our unaudited quarterly results of operations as a percentage of revenues for the 
eight quarters ended December 31, 2014 :
  Quarter Ended
 Mar 31,
2013Jun 30,
2013Sep 30,
2013Dec 31,
2013Mar 31,
2014Jun 30,
2014Sep 30,
2014Dec 31,
2014
Revenues 100.0 % 100.0 % 100.0 % 100.0 % 100.0 % 100.0 % 100.0 % 100.0 %
Costs and expenses:
Cost of revenues 39.7 39.6 39.3 39.8 38.7 38.3 40.5 38.2
Research and
development 12.5 13.5 13.2 12.3 13.8 14.0 16.1 15.5
Sales and marketing 11.1 12.1 11.8 12.1 11.2 12.2 12.6 13.1
General and
administrative 7.8 8.4 8.3 7.5 9.7 8.8 8.3 8.8
Total costs and expenses 71.1 73.6 72.6 71.7 73.4 73.3 77.5 75.6
Income from operations 28.9 26.4 27.4 28.3 26.6 26.7 22.5 24.3
Interest and other income, net 1.0 1.8 0.1 0.7 2.3 0.9 0.8 0.7
Income from continuing
operations before income
taxes 29.9 28.2 27.5 29.0 28.9 27.6 23.3 25.0
Provision for income taxes 2.7 7.1 4.4 4.2 5.3 5.7 5.2 4.1
Net income from continuing
operations 27.2% 21.1% 23.1% 24.8% 23.6% 21.9% 18.1% 20.9%
Net income (loss) from
discontinued operations (1.4) 3.5 (1.4) (3.2) (1.3) (0.4) (1.1) 5.3
Net income 25.8% 24.6% 21.7% 21.6% 22.3% 21.5% 17.0% 26.2%
Capital Resources and Liquidity
Capital Resources
As of December 31, 2014 , we had $64.4 billion  of cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities. Cash 
equivalents and marketable securities are comprised of time deposits, money market and other funds, including cash 
collateral received related to our securities lending program, fixed-income bond funds, highly liquid debt instruments 
of the U.S. government and its agencies, debt instruments issued by foreign governments, debt instruments issued 
by municipalities in the U.S., corporate debt securities, mortgage-backed securities, and asset-backed securities. From 
time to time, we may hold marketable equity securities obtained through acquisitions or strategic investments in private 
companies that subsequently go public, which we generally dispose of when restrictions are lifted.
As of December 31, 2014 , $38.7 billion of the $64.4 billion  of cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities 
was held by our foreign subsidiaries. If these funds were needed for our operations in the U.S., we would be required 
to accrue and pay U.S. taxes to repatriate these funds. However , our intent is to permanently reinvest these funds 
outside of the U.S. and our current plans do not demonstrate a need to repatriate them to fund our U.S. operations.
Our principal sources of liquidity are our cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities, as well as the cash 
flow that we generate from our operations. As of December 31, 2014 , we had unused letters of credit of approximately 
$842 million . We believe that our sources of funding will be sufficient to satisfy our currently anticipated cash 
requirements through at least the next 12 months. Our liquidity could be negatively affected by a decrease in demand 
for our products and services. In addition, we may make acquisitions, increase our capital expenditures, or license 
products and technologies complementary to our business and may need to raise additional capital through future 
debt or equity financing to provide for greater flexibility to fund these activities. Additional financing may not be available 
or on terms favorable to us.
We have a debt financing program of up to $3.0 billion  through the issuance of commercial paper . Net proceeds 
from this program are used for general corporate purposes. As of December 31, 2014 , we had $2.0 billion  of commercial 
paper outstanding recorded as short-term debt, with a weighted-average interest rate of 0.1%  that matures at various 
dates through April 2015. Average commercial paper borrowings during the year were $2.1 billion and the maximum 
amount outstanding during the year was $2.4 billion. In conjunction with this program, we have a $3.0 billion  revolving Table of Contents35credit facility expiring in July 2016. The interest rate for the credit facility is determined based on a formula using certain 
market rates. As of December 31, 2014 , we were in compliance with the financial covenant in the credit facility and 
no amounts were outstanding.
In May 2011, we issued $3.0 billion  of unsecured senior notes (2011 Notes) in three equal tranches, due in 2014, 
2016, and 2021. The net proceeds from the sale of the 2011 Notes were used to repay a portion of our outstanding 
commercial paper and for general corporate purposes. In February 2014, we issued $1.0 billion  of unsecured senior 
notes (2014 Notes) due in 2024, which was used to repay $1.0 billion of the first tranche of our 2011 Notes that matured 
in May 2014 and for general corporate purposes.
As of December 31, 2014 , the 2011 and 2014 notes had a total carrying value of $3.0 billion and a total estimated 
fair value of $3.1 billion . We are not subject to any financial covenants under the notes.
In August 2013, we entered into a $258 million capital lease obligation on certain property expiring in 2028 with 
an option to purchase in 2016. The effective rate of the capital lease obligation approximates the market rate. The 
estimated fair value of the capital lease obligation approximated its carrying value as of December 31, 2014 .
Liquidity
For 2012, 2013 and 2014, our cash flows were as follows (in millions):
  Year Ended December 31,
  2012 2013 2014
Net cash provided by operating activities $ 16,619 $ 18,659 $ 22,376
Net cash used in investing activities (13,056 ) (13,679 ) (21,055 )
Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 1,229 (857) (1,439 )
Cash Provided by Operating Activities
Our largest source of cash provided by our operations is advertising revenues generated by Google websites 
and Google Network Members' websites. Additionally , we generate cash through sales of digital content and licensing 
payments. Prior to its divestiture, we also generated cash from sales of hardware products related to the Motorola 
Mobile business.
Our primary uses of cash from our operating activities include payments to our Google Network Members and 
distribution partners, and payments for content acquisition costs. Prior to the sale of the Motorola Mobile business, 
our use of cash also included payment for manufacturing and inventory-related costs in the Motorola Mobile business. 
In addition, uses of cash from operating activities include compensation and related costs, other general corporate 
expenditures, and income taxes.
Net cash provided by operating activities increased  from 2013  to 2014  primarily due to increased net income 
adjusted for depreciation and loss on disposal of property and equipment and stock-based compensation expense, 
and a net increase in cash from changes in working capital primarily driven by changes in prepaid revenue share, 
expenses, and other assets.
Net cash provided by operating activities increased  from 2012  to 2013  primarily due to increased net income 
adjusted for gain on divestiture of businesses, depreciation and amortization expense on property and equipment, 
stock-based compensation expense, and amortization of intangible assets. These increases were partially offset by 
the net decrease in cash from changes in working capital primarily as a result of a decrease in income taxes, an 
increase in accounts receivable and inventories, offset by an increase in accounts payable.
Cash Used in Investing Activities
Cash provided by or used in investing activities primarily consists of purchases of property and equipment, as 
well as acquisitions and divestitures of businesses and intangible assets. Our cash provided or used in investing 
activities includes purchases, maturities, and sales of marketable securities in our investment portfolio and our 
investments in reverse repurchase agreements and the cash collateral received or returned from our securities lending 
program.
Cash used in investing activities increased  from 2013  to 2014  primarily due to increases in capital expenditures 
related to our production equipment, data centers, and real estate purchases, higher spend related to acquisitions, 
and lower proceeds received in 2014 from divestiture of businesses compared to 2013. This increase was partially 
offset by a net decrease in purchases of marketable securities.Table of Contents36Cash used in investing activities increased  from 2012  to 2013  primarily due to a net increase in purchases of 
marketable securities and an increase in capital expenditures primarily related to our production equipment, data 
centers, and real estate purchases. This increase was partially offset by lower spend related to acquisitions and an 
increase in proceeds received from divestiture of businesses.
Cash Provided by (Used in) Financing Activities
Cash used in financing activities consists primarily of net proceeds or payments from issuance or repayments of 
debt and net proceeds or payments and excess tax benefits from stock-based award activities.
Cash used in financing activities increased  from 2013  to 2014  primarily driven by an increase in net payments 
related to stock-based award activities, offset partially by a decrease in net cash payments related to debt.
Cash used in financing activities increased  from 2012  to 2013  primarily driven by an increase in net cash payments 
related to debt and, to a lesser extent, an increase in net payments for stock-based award activities.
Contractual Obligations as of December 31, 2014
  Payments Due By Period
  TotalLess than
1 year1-3
years3-5
yearsMore than
5 years
  (in millions)
Operating lease obligations, net of sublease
income amounts $ 6,183 $ 598 $ 1,256 $ 1,172 $ 3,157
Purchase obligations 2,700 1,735 465 154 346
Long-term debt obligations, including capital
lease obligations 3,843 107 1,390 140 2,206
Possible Adjustment Payment to Class C capital
stockholders 593 593 0 0 0
Other long-term liabilities reflected on our
balance sheet 954 212 441 89 212
Total contractual obligations $14,273 $ 3,245 $ 3,552 $ 1,555 $ 5,921
Operating Leases
We have entered into various non-cancelable operating lease agreements for certain of our offices, land, and 
data centers throughout the world with original lease periods expiring primarily between 2015 and 2063. We are 
committed to pay a portion of the related operating expenses under certain of these lease agreements. These operating 
expenses are not included in the above table. Certain of these leases have free or escalating rent payment provisions. 
We recognize rent expense under such leases on a straight-line basis over the term of the lease. Certain leases have 
adjustments for market provisions. In October 2014, we entered into certain non-cancelable office lease agreements 
with original lease periods expiring between 2027 and 2028 where we will be the deemed owner for accounting purposes 
of new construction projects. Future minimum lease payments under the leases total approximately $1.0 billion, of 
which $250 million is included on the Consolidated Balance Sheet as of December 31, 2014 as a an asset and 
corresponding non-current liability , which represents our estimate of construction costs incurred, and the balance of 
which is included in the schedule above.
Purchase Obligations 
Purchase obligations represent non-cancelable contractual obligations as of December 31, 2014 . These contracts 
are primarily related to video and other content licensing revenue sharing arrangements, data center operations and 
facility build-outs, as well as purchase of inventory .
Long-term Debt Obligations
Long-term debt obligations represent principal and interest payments to be made over the life of our unsecured 
senior notes issued in May 2011 and May 2014, and our capital lease obligation incurred in August 2013. Please see 
Note 3 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for 
further details.
    Possible Adjustment Payment to Class C Capital Stockholders
In accordance with a settlement of litigation involving the authorization to distribute the Class C capital stock, we 
may be obligated to make a payment (the Possible Adjustment Payment) to holders of the Class C capital stock if, on 
a volume-weighted average basis, the Class C capital stock trades below the Class A common stock during the first Table of Contents37365 days following the first date the Class C shares traded on NASDAQ (the Lookback Period), payable in cash, Class 
A common stock, Class C capital stock, or a combination thereof, at the discretion of the board of directors. Had we 
been obligated to make a payment based on the Volume Weighted Average Price (VWAP) of the Class A and Class 
C shares from April 3, 2014 through December 31, 2014, the monetary value of the Possible Adjustment Payment 
would have been approximately  $593 million  as of December 31, 2014. Please see Note 12 of Part II, Item 8 of this 
Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information related to the Possible Adjustment Payment.
Other Long-T erm Liabilities
Other long-term liabilities represent cash obligations recorded on our consolidated balance sheets, including the 
short-term portion of these long-term liabilities and consist primarily of payments owed in connection with certain 
investments and asset retirement obligations.
In addition to the amounts above, we had long-term taxes payable of $3.4 billion as of December 31, 2014  related 
to tax positions for which the timing of the ultimate resolution is uncertain. At this time, we are unable to make a 
reasonably reliable estimate of the timing of payments in individual years beyond 12 months due to uncertainties in 
the timing of tax audit outcomes. As a result, this amount is not included in the above table.
Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements
As of December 31, 2014 , we did not have any off-balance sheet arrangements, as defined in Item 303(a)(4)(ii) 
of Regulation S-K promulgated by the SEC, that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our 
financial condition, changes in our financial condition, revenues, or expenses, results of operations, liquidity , capital 
expenditures, or capital resources that is material to investors.
Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates
We prepare our consolidated financial statements in accordance with U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting 
Principles (GAAP). In doing so, we have to make estimates and assumptions that affect our reported amounts of 
assets, liabilities, revenues, and expenses, as well as related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. In some 
cases, we could reasonably have used different accounting policies and estimates. In some cases, changes in the 
accounting estimates are reasonably likely to occur from period to period. Accordingly , actual results could differ 
materially from our estimates. To the extent that there are material differences between these estimates and actual 
results, our financial condition or results of operations will be affected. We base our estimates on past experience and 
other assumptions that we believe are reasonable under the circumstances, and we evaluate these estimates on an 
ongoing basis. We refer to accounting estimates of this type as critical accounting policies and estimates, which we 
discuss further below . We have reviewed our critical accounting policies and estimates with the audit committee of our 
board of directors.
Please see Note 1 of Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the summary of significant accounting 
policies.
Income Taxes
We are subject to income taxes in the U.S. and numerous foreign jurisdictions. Significant judgment is required 
in evaluating our uncertain tax positions and determining our provision for income taxes.
Although we believe we have adequately reserved for our uncertain tax positions, no assurance can be given 
that the final tax outcome of these matters will not be different. We adjust these reserves in light of changing facts and 
circumstances, such as the closing of a tax audit or the refinement of an estimate. To the extent that the final tax 
outcome of these matters is different than the amounts recorded, such differences will impact the provision for income 
taxes and the effective tax rate in the period in which such determination is made. The provision for income taxes 
includes the impact of reserve provisions and changes to reserves that are considered appropriate, as well as the 
related net interest and penalties. In addition, we are subject to the continuous examination of our income tax returns 
by the IRS and other tax authorities which may assert assessments against us. We regularly assess the likelihood of 
adverse outcomes resulting from these examinations and assessments to determine the adequacy of our provision 
for income taxes.
Loss Contingencies
We are regularly subject to claims, suits, government investigations, and other proceedings involving competition 
and antitrust, intellectual property , privacy , indirect taxes, labor and employment, commercial disputes, content 
generated by our users, goods and services offered by advertisers or publishers using our platforms, and other matters. 
Certain of these matters include speculative claims for substantial or indeterminate amounts of damages. We record 
a liability when we believe that it is both probable that a loss has been incurred, and the amount can be reasonably Table of Contents38estimated. If we determine that a loss is possible and a range of the loss can be reasonably estimated, we disclose 
the range of the possible loss in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
We evaluate, on a monthly basis, developments in our legal matters that could affect the amount of liability that 
has been previously accrued, and the matters and related ranges of possible losses disclosed, and make adjustments 
and changes to our disclosures as appropriate. Significant judgment is required to determine both likelihood of there 
being and the estimated amount of a loss related to such matters. Until the final resolution of such matters, there may 
be an exposure to loss in excess of the amount recorded, and such amounts could be material. Should any of our 
estimates and assumptions change or prove to have been incorrect, it could have a material impact on our business, 
consolidated financial position, results of operations, or cash flows. See Note 10 of Notes to Consolidated Financial 
Statements included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information regarding contingencies.
Business Combinations
We allocate the fair value of purchase consideration to the tangible assets acquired, liabilities assumed and 
intangible assets acquired based on their estimated fair values. The excess of the fair value of purchase consideration 
over the fair values of these identifiable assets and liabilities is recorded as goodwill. When determining the fair values 
of assets acquired and liabilities assumed, management makes significant estimates and assumptions, especially with 
respect to intangible assets.
Critical estimates in valuing certain intangible assets include but are not limited to future expected cash flows 
from customer relationships and acquired patents and developed technology; and discount rates. Management’ s 
estimates of fair value are based upon assumptions believed to be reasonable, but which are inherently uncertain and 
unpredictable and, as a result, actual results may differ from estimates.
Other estimates associated with the accounting for acquisitions may change as additional information becomes 
available regarding the assets acquired and liabilities assumed, as more fully discussed in Note 5 of Notes to 
Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.
Goodwill
Goodwill is allocated to reporting units expected to benefit from the business combination. We test goodwill for 
impairment at the reporting unit level at least annually , or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances occur 
that would more likely than not reduce the fair value of a reporting unit below its carrying value. Goodwill impairment 
tests require judgment, including the identification of reporting units, assignment of assets and liabilities to reporting 
units, assignment of goodwill to reporting units, and determination of the fair value of each reporting unit. As of December 
31, 2014 , no impairment of goodwill has been identified.
Long-lived Assets
Long-lived assets, including property and equipment, long-term prepayments, and intangible assets, excluding 
goodwill, are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount 
of an asset may not be recoverable. The evaluation is performed at the lowest level of identifiable cash flows independent 
of other assets. An impairment loss would be recognized when estimated undiscounted future cash flows generated 
from the assets are less than their carrying amount. Measurement of an impairment loss would be based on the excess 
of the carrying amount of the asset group over its fair value.
Impairment of Marketable and Non-Marketable Securities
We periodically review our marketable and non-marketable securities for impairment. If we conclude that any of 
these investments are impaired, we determine whether such impairment is other-than-temporary . Factors we consider 
to make such determination include the duration and severity of the impairment, the reason for the decline in value 
and the potential recovery period and our intent to sell. For marketable debt securities, we also consider whether (1) 
it is more likely than not that we will be required to sell the security before recovery of its amortized cost basis, and 
(2) the amortized cost basis cannot be recovered as a result of credit losses. If any impairment is considered other-
than-temporary , we will write down the asset to its fair value and record the corresponding charge as interest and other 
income, net.Table of Contents39ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK
We are exposed to financial market risks, including changes in currency exchange rates and interest rates.
Foreign Currency Exchange Risk
We transact business globally in multiple currencies. Our international revenues, as well as costs and expenses 
denominated in foreign currencies, expose us to the risk of fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates against the 
US dollar . We are a net receiver of foreign currencies and therefore benefit from a weakening of the U.S. dollar and 
are adversely affected by a strengthening of the U.S. dollar relative to the foreign currency .  As of December 31, 2014, 
our most significant currency exposures are the British pound, Euro, and Japanese Yen.
We use foreign exchange option contracts to protect our forecasted U.S. dollar-equivalent earnings from adverse 
changes in foreign currency exchange rates. These hedging contracts reduce, but do not entirely eliminate the impact 
of adverse currency exchange rate movements. We designate these option contracts as cash flow hedges for 
accounting purposes.  The fair value of the option contract is separated into its intrinsic and time values. Changes in 
the time value are recorded in interest and other income, net. Changes in the intrinsic value are recorded as a component 
of accumulated other comprehensive income (AOCI) and subsequently reclassified into revenues to offset the hedged 
exposures as they occur . 
We considered the historical trends in currency exchange rates and determined that it was reasonably possible 
that changes in exchange rates of 20% could be experienced in the near term. If the U.S. dollar weakened by 20% at 
December 31, 2013 and 2014, the amount recorded in AOCI related to our foreign exchange options before tax effect 
would have been approximately $4 million and $686 million lower at December 31, 2013  and December 31, 2014 , and 
the total amount of expense recorded as interest and other income, net, would have been approximately $123 million 
and $90 million higher in the years ended December 31, 2013  and December 31, 2014 . If the U.S. dollar strengthened 
by 20% at December 31, 20013 and December 31, 2014, the amount recorded in accumulated AOCI related to our 
foreign exchange options before tax effect would have been approximately $1.7 billion and $2.5 billion higher at 
December 31, 2013  and December 31, 2014 , and the total amount of expense recorded as interest and other income, 
net, would have been approximately $120 million and $164 million higher in the years ended December 31, 2013  and 
December 31, 2014 .
In addition, we use foreign exchange forward contracts to offset the foreign exchange risk on our assets and 
liabilities denominated in currencies other than the local currency of the subsidiary .  These forward contracts reduce, 
but do not entirely eliminate the impact of currency exchange rate movements on our assets and liabilities. The foreign 
currency gains and losses on the assets and liabilities are recorded in "Interest and other income, net," which are 
offset by the gains and losses on the forward contracts.
We considered the historical trends in currency exchange rates and determined that it was reasonably possible 
that adverse changes in exchange rates of 20% for all currencies could be experienced in the near term. These changes 
would have resulted in an adverse impact on income before income taxes of approximately $52 million and $93 million 
at December 31, 2013  and December 31, 2014 . The adverse impact at December 31, 2013  and December 31, 2014  
is after consideration of the offsetting effect of approximately $853 million and $948 million from foreign exchange 
contracts in place for the months of December 31, 2013  and December 31, 2014 . These reasonably possible adverse 
changes in exchange rates of 20% were applied to total monetary assets and liabilities denominated in currencies 
other than the local currencies at the balance sheet dates to compute the adverse impact these changes would have 
had on our income before income taxes in the near term.
Interest Rate Risk
Our investment strategy is to achieve a return that will allow us to preserve capital and maintain liquidity 
requirements. We invest primarily in fixed rate securities including those of the U.S. government and its agencies, 
corporate debt securities,  mortgage-backed securities, money market and other funds, asset backed securities, 
municipal securities, time deposits and debt instruments issued by foreign governments. By policy , we limit the amount 
of credit exposure to any one issuer . Our investments in both fixed rate and floating rate interest earning securities 
carry a degree of interest rate risk. Fixed rate securities may have their fair market value adversely impacted due to 
a rise in interest rates, while floating rate securities may produce less income than predicted if interest rates fall. As 
of December 31, 2013 and December 31, 2014, unrealized losses on our marketable debt securities were primarily 
due to temporary interest rate fluctuations as a result of higher market interest rates compared to the fixed interest 
rates on our debt securities. We account for both fixed and variable rate securities at fair value with changes on gains 
and losses recorded in AOCI until the securities are sold.  We use interest rate derivative contracts to hedge realized 
gains and losses on our securities. These derivative contracts are accounted for as hedges at fair value with changes 
in fair value recorded in Interest and other income, net. Table of Contents40We considered the historical volatility of short-term interest rates and determined that it was reasonably possible 
that an adverse change of 100 basis points could be experienced in the near term. A hypothetical 1.00% (100 basis 
points) increase in interest rates would have resulted in a decrease in the fair values of our marketable securities of 
approximately $1.0 billion and $1.2 billion at December 31, 2013  and December 31, 2014 , after taking into consideration 
the offsetting effect from interest rate derivative contracts outstanding as of December 31, 2013  and December 31, 
2014 . Table of Contents41ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA
Google Inc.
INDEX T O CONSOLIDA TED FINANCIAL  STATEMENTS
  Page
Financial Statements:
The supplementary financial information required by this Item 8 is included in Item 7 under the caption 
“Quarterly Results of Operations.”Table of Contents
Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 42
Consolidated Balance Sheets 44
Consolidated Statements of Income 45
Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 46
Consolidated Statements of Stockholders’  Equity 47
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 48
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 5042REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM
The Board of Directors and Stockholders of Google Inc.
We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Google Inc. as of December 31, 2013  and 
2014 , and the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, stockholders’  equity and cash flows 
for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2014 . Our audits also included the financial statement 
schedule listed in the Index at Item 15(a)2. These financial statements and schedule are the responsibility of the 
Company’ s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements and schedule based 
on our audits.
We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight 
Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance 
about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test 
basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes 
assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the 
overall financial statement presentation. W e believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.
In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly , in all material respects, the 
consolidated financial position of Google Inc. as of December 31, 2013  and 2014 , and the consolidated results of its 
operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2014 , in conformity with 
U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. Also, in our opinion, the related financial statement schedule, when 
considered in relation to the basic financial statements taken as a whole, presents fairly in all material respects the 
information set forth therein.
We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board 
(United States), Google Inc.’ s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2014, based on criteria 
established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework  issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the 
Treadway Commission (2013 framework) and our report dated February 6, 2015  expressed an unqualified opinion 
thereon.
/s/ Ernst & Young LLP
San Jose, California
February 6, 2015Table of Contents43REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM
The Board of Directors and Stockholders of Google Inc.
We have audited Google Inc.’ s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2014 , based on 
criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework  issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations 
of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) (the COSO criteria). Google Inc.’ s management is responsible for 
maintaining ef fective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the ef fectiveness of internal 
control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Management’ s Report on Internal Control over 
Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the company’ s internal control over financial 
reporting based on our audit.
We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board 
(United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about 
whether ef fective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included 
obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness 
exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating ef fectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, 
and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. W e believe that our audit 
provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.
A company’ s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance 
regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in 
accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company’ s internal control over financial reporting 
includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, 
accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable 
assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance 
with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made 
only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable 
assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’ s 
assets that could have a material ef fect on the financial statements.
Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect 
misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of ef fectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that 
controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the 
policies or procedures may deteriorate.
In our opinion, Google Inc. maintained, in all material respects, ef fective internal control over financial 
reporting as of December 31, 2014 , based on the COSO criteria.
We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board 
(United States), the consolidated balance sheets of Google Inc. as of December 31, 2013  and 2014 , and the 
related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, stockholders’  equity and cash flows for each of 
the three years in the period ended December 31, 2014  of Google Inc. and our report dated February 6, 2015  
expressed an unqualified opinion thereon.
/s/ Ernst & Young LLP
San Jose, California
February 6, 2015Table of Contents44Google Inc.
CONSOLIDA TED BALANCE SHEETS
(In millions, except share and par value amounts which are reflected in thousands,
and par value per share amounts)
 
As of
December 31,
2013As of
December 31,
2014
Assets
Current assets:
Cash and cash equivalents $ 18,898 $ 18,347
Marketable securities 39,819 46,048
Total cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities (including securities loaned of
$5,059 and $4,058) 58,717 64,395
Accounts receivable, net of allowance of $631 and $225 8,882 9,383
Receivable under reverse repurchase agreements 100 875
Deferred income taxes, net 1,526 1,322
Income taxes receivable, net 408 1,298
Prepaid revenue share, expenses and other assets 3,253 3,412
Total current assets 72,886 80,685
Prepaid revenue share, expenses and other assets, non-current 1,976 3,280
Non-marketable equity investments 1,976 3,079
Property and equipment, net 16,524 23,883
Intangible assets, net 6,066 4,607
Goodwill 11,492 15,599
Total assets $ 110,920 $ 131,133
Liabilities and Stockholders’ Equity
Current liabilities:
Accounts payable $ 2,453 $ 1,715
Short-term debt 3,009 2,009
Accrued compensation and benefits 2,502 3,069
Accrued expenses and other current liabilities 3,755 4,434
Accrued revenue share 1,729 1,952
Securities lending payable 1,374 2,778
Deferred revenue 1,062 752
Income taxes payable, net 24 96
Total current liabilities 15,908 16,805
Long-term debt 2,236 3,228
Deferred revenue, non-current 139 104
Income taxes payable, non-current 2,638 3,407
Deferred income taxes, net, non-current 1,947 1,971
Other long-term liabilities 743 1,118
Commitments and contingencies
Stockholders’ equity:
Convertible preferred stock, $0.001 par value per share, 100,000 shares authorized; no
shares issued and outstanding 0 0
Class A and Class B common stock, and Class C capital stock and additional paid-in
capital, $0.001 par value per share: 15,000,000 shares authorized (Class A 9,000,000,
Class B 3,000,000, Class C 3,000,000); 671,664 (Class A 279,325, Class B 56,507, Class
C 335,832) and par value of $672 (Class A $279, Class B $57, Class C $336) and 680,172
(Class A 286,560, Class B 53,213, Class C 340,399) and par value of $680 (Class A $287,
Class B $53, Class C $340) shares issued and outstanding 25,922 28,767
Accumulated other comprehensive income 125 27
Retained earnings 61,262 75,706
Total stockholders’ equity 87,309 104,500
Total liabilities and stockholders’ equity $ 110,920 $ 131,133
See accompanying notes.Table of Contents45Google Inc.
CONSOLIDA TED ST ATEMENTS OF INCOME
(In millions, except share amounts which are reflected in thousands and per share amounts)
 
  Year Ended December 31,
  2012 2013 2014
Revenues $ 46,039 $ 55,519 $ 66,001
Costs and expenses:
Cost of revenues (1)17,176 21,993 25,691
Research and development (1)6,083 7,137 9,832
Sales and marketing (1)5,465 6,554 8,131
General and administrative (1)3,481 4,432 5,851
Total costs and expenses 32,205 40,116 49,505
Income from operations 13,834 15,403 16,496
Interest and other income, net 635 496 763
Income from continuing operations before income taxes 14,469 15,899 17,259
Provision for income taxes 2,916 2,552 3,331
Net income from continuing operations $ 11,553 $ 13,347 $ 13,928
Net income (loss) from discontinued operations (816) (427) 516
Net income $ 10,737 $ 12,920 $ 14,444
Net income (loss) per share - basic:
Continuing operations $ 17.66 $ 20.05 $ 20.61
Discontinued operations (1.25 ) (0.64 ) 0.76
Net income (loss) per share - basic $ 16.41 $ 19.41 $ 21.37
Net income (loss) per share - diluted:
Continuing operations $ 17.39 $ 19.70 $ 20.27
Discontinued operations (1.23 ) (0.63 ) 0.75
Net income (loss) per share - diluted $ 16.16 $ 19.07 $ 21.02
Shares used in per share calculation - basic 654,426 665,692 675,935
Shares used in per share calculation - diluted 664,610 677,618 687,070
(1) Includes stock-based compensation expense as follows:
Cost of revenues $ 359 $ 469 $ 535
Research and development 1,274 1,641 2,200
Sales and marketing 449 552 715
General and administrative 391 465 725
Discontinued operations 219 216 104
Total stock-based compensation expense $ 2,692 $ 3,343 $ 4,279
See accompanying notes.Table of Contents46Google Inc.
CONSOLIDA TED ST ATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
(In millions)
 
  Year Ended December 31,
  2012 2013 2014
Net income $ 10,737 $ 12,920 $ 14,444
Other comprehensive income (loss):
Change in foreign currency translation adjustment 75 89 (996)
Available-for-sale investments:
Change in net unrealized gains (losses) 493 (392) 505
Less: reclassification adjustment for net gains included in net
income (216) (162) (134)
Net change (net of tax effect of $68, $212, $60) 277 (554) 371
Cash flow hedges:
Change in unrealized gains 47 112 651
Less: reclassification adjustment for gains included in net
income (137) (60) (124)
Net change (net of tax effect of $53, $30, $196) (90) 52 527
Other comprehensive income (loss) 262 (413) (98)
Comprehensive income $ 10,999 $ 12,507 $ 14,346
See accompanying notes.Table of Contents47Google Inc.
CONSOLIDA TED ST ATEMENTS OF ST OCKHOLDERS’  EQUITY
(In millions, except for share amounts which are reflected in thousands)
 
 Class  A and Class B
Common Stock, Class C 
Capital Stock and
Additional Paid-In CapitalAccumulated
Other
Comprehensive
IncomeRetained
EarningsTotal
Stockholders’
Equity   Shares     Amount    
Balance at December 31, 2011 649,790 $ 20,264 $ 276 $ 37,605 $ 58,145
Common stock issued 10,168 736 0 0 736
Stock-based compensation expense 2,692 0 0 2,692
Stock-based compensation tax benefits 166 0 0 166
Tax withholding related to vesting of
restricted stock units (1,023 ) 0 0 (1,023 )
Net income 0 0 10,737 10,737
Other comprehensive income 0 262 0 262
Balance at December 31, 2012 659,958 22,835 538 48,342 71,715
Common stock issued 11,706 1,174 0 0 1,174
Stock-based compensation expense 3,343 0 0 3,343
Stock-based compensation tax benefits 449 0 0 449
Tax withholding related to vesting of
restricted stock units (1,879 ) 0 0 (1,879 )
Net income 0 0 12,920 12,920
Other comprehensive income 0 (413) 0 (413)
Balance at December 31, 2013 671,664 25,922 125 61,262 87,309
Common and capital stock issued 8,508 465 0 0 465
Stock-based compensation expense 4,279 0 0 4,279
Stock-based compensation tax benefits 625 0 0 625
Tax withholding related to vesting of
restricted stock units (2,524 ) 0 0 (2,524 )
Net income 0 0 14,444 14,444
Other comprehensive income 0 (98) 0 (98)
Balance at December 31, 2014 680,172 $ 28,767 $ 27 $ 75,706 $104,500
See accompanying notes.Table of Contents48Google Inc.
CONSOLIDA TED ST ATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS
(In millions)
  Year Ended December 31,
  2012 2013 2014
Operating activities
Net income $ 10,737 $ 12,920 $ 14,444
Adjustments:
Depreciation expense and loss on disposal of property and
equipment 1,988 2,781 3,523
Amortization and impairment of intangible and other assets 974 1,158 1,456
Stock-based compensation expense 2,692 3,343 4,279
Excess tax benefits from stock-based award activities (188) (481) (648)
Deferred income taxes (266) (437) (104)
Gain on divestiture of businesses (188) (700) (740)
Gain on equity interest 0 0 (126)
Gain on sale of non-marketable equity investments 0 0 (159)
Other (28) 106 87
Changes in assets and liabilities, net of effects of acquisitions:
Accounts receivable (787) (1,307 ) (1,641 )
Income taxes, net 1,492 401 283
Prepaid revenue share, expenses and other assets (532) (930) 459
Accounts payable (499) 605 436
Accrued expenses and other liabilities 762 713 757
Accrued revenue share 299 254 245
Deferred revenue 163 233 (175)
Net cash provided by operating activities 16,619 18,659 22,376
Investing activities
Purchases of property and equipment (3,273 ) (7,358 ) (10,959 )
Purchases of marketable securities (33,410 ) (45,444 ) (56,310 )
Maturities and sales of marketable securities 35,180 38,314 51,315
Investments in non-marketable equity investments (696) (569) (1,227 )
Cash collateral related to securities lending (334) (299) 1,403
Investments in reverse repurchase agreements 45 600 (775)
Proceeds from divestiture of businesses 0 2,525 386
Acquisitions, net of cash acquired, and purchases of intangibles and
other assets (10,568 ) (1,448 ) (4,888 )
Net cash used in investing activities (13,056 ) (13,679 ) (21,055 )
Financing activities
Net payments related to stock-based award activities (287) (781) (2,069 )
Excess tax benefits from stock-based award activities 188 481 648
Proceeds from issuance of debt, net of costs 16,109 10,768 11,625
Repayments of debt (14,781 ) (11,325 ) (11,643 )
Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 1,229 (857) (1,439 )
Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents 3 (3) (433)
Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 4,795 4,120 (551)
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period 9,983 14,778 18,898
Cash and cash equivalents at end of period $ 14,778 $ 18,898 $ 18,347
Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information
Cash paid for taxes $ 2,034 $ 1,932 $ 2,819
Cash paid for interest $ 74 $ 72 $ 86
Non-cash investing and financing activities:
Receipt of notes receivable in connection with the divestiture of
Motorola Mobile $ 0$ 0$ 1,314
Receipt of Lenovo shares in connection with the divestiture of
Motorola Mobile $ 0$ 0$ 750Table of Contents49Receipt of Arris shares in connection with the divestiture of Motorola
Home $ 0$ 175 $ 0
Fair value of stock-based awards assumed in connection with the
acquisition of Motorola $ 41 $ 0$ 0
Leases recorded on the balance sheet during the period $ 0$ 258 $ 250
See accompanying notes.Table of Contents50Google Inc.
NOTES T O CONSOLIDA TED FINANCIAL  STATEMENTS
Note 1.    Google Inc. and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies  
Nature of Operations
We were incorporated in California in September 1998 and re-incorporated in the State of Delaware in August 
2003. We generate revenues primarily by delivering relevant, cost-ef fective online advertising.
On April 17, 2013, we sold the Motorola Home business (Motorola Home) to Arris Group, Inc. (Arris). The financial 
results of Motorola Home are presented as net income (loss) from discontinued operations on the Consolidated 
Statements of Income for the years ended December 31, 2012 and 2013. See Note 8 for further discussion of the sale.
On April 2, 2014, we completed a two-for-one stock split effected in the form of a stock dividend (the Stock Split). 
All references made to share or per share amounts in the accompanying consolidated financial statements and 
applicable disclosures have been retroactively adjusted to reflect the Stock Split. See Notes 11 and 12 for additional 
information about the Stock Split.
On October 29, 2014, we sold the Motorola Mobile business (Motorola Mobile) to Lenovo Group Limited (Lenovo). 
The financial results of Motorola Mobile are presented as net income (loss) from discontinued operations on the 
Consolidated Statements of Income for the years ended December 31, 2012, 2013, and 2014. See Note 8 for further 
discussion of the sale.
Basis of Consolidation
The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Google Inc. and our subsidiaries. All intercompany 
balances and transactions have been eliminated.
Use of Estimates
The preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting 
Principles (GAAP) requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported and disclosed in 
the financial statements and the accompanying notes. Actual results could differ materially from these estimates. On 
an ongoing basis, we evaluate our estimates, including those related to the accounts receivable and sales allowances, 
fair values of financial instruments, intangible assets and goodwill, useful lives of intangible assets and property and 
equipment, income taxes, and contingent liabilities, among others. We base our estimates on historical experience 
and on various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable, the results of which form the basis for making 
judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities.
Revenue Recognition
The following table presents our revenues by revenue source (in millions):
  Year Ended December 31,
  2012 2013 2014
Advertising revenues:
Google websites $ 31,221 $ 37,422 $ 45,085
Google Network Members' websites 12,465 13,125 13,971
Total advertising revenues 43,686 50,547 59,056
Other revenues 2,353 4,972 6,945
Revenues $ 46,039 $ 55,519 $ 66,001
We generate revenues primarily by delivering both performance advertising and brand advertising, and we 
recognize revenues when the services or products have been provided or delivered, the fees we charge are fixed or 
determinable, we and our advertisers or other customers understand the specific nature and terms of the agreed upon 
transactions, and collectability is reasonably assured.  
Performance advertising creates and delivers relevant ads that users will click, leading to direct engagement with 
advertisers. Most of our performance advertisers pay us on a cost-per-engagement basis, for example, when a user 
engages in their ads. Brand advertising enhances users’  awareness of and affinity with advertisers’  products and 
services, through videos, text, images, and other ads that run across various devices. Table of Contents51Google AdW ords is our auction-based advertising program that enables performance advertisers to place text-
based and display ads on Google websites and our Google Network Members’  websites. Google AdSense refers to 
the online programs through which we distribute our advertisers’  AdW ords ads for display on our Google Network 
Members’  websites. Most of our customers pay us on a cost-per-click basis, which means that an advertiser pays us 
only when a user clicks on one of its ads. We also offer advertising on a cost-per-impression basis that enables our 
brand advertisers to pay us based on the number of times their ads display on Google websites and our Google 
Network Members’  websites as specified by the advertisers.
We recognize as revenues the fees charged to advertisers each time a user clicks on one of the ads that appears 
next to the search results or content on Google websites or our Google Network Members’  websites. For those 
advertisers using our cost-per-impression pricing, we recognize as revenues the fees charged to advertisers each 
time their ads are displayed on Google websites or our Google Network Members’  websites. We report our Google 
AdSense revenues on a gross basis principally because we are the primary obligor to our advertisers.
For hardware product sales, where we sell directly to end customers or through distribution channels, revenue 
recognition generally occurs when products have been shipped, risk of loss has transferred to the customer , objective 
evidence exists that customer acceptance provisions have been met, no significant obligations remain and allowances 
for discounts, price protection, returns and customer incentives can be reasonably and reliably estimated. Recorded 
revenues are reduced by these allowances. Where these allowances cannot be reasonably and reliably estimated, 
we recognize revenue at the time the product sells through the distribution channel to the end customer .
For the sale of certain third-party products and services, we evaluate whether it is appropriate to recognize 
revenue based on the gross amount billed to the customers or the net amount earned as revenue share. Generally , 
when we are primarily obligated in a transaction, are subject to inventory risk or have latitude in establishing prices, 
or have several but not all of these indicators, revenue is recorded on a gross basis. We generally record the net 
amounts as revenue earned if we are not primarily obligated and do not have inventory risk or latitude in establishing 
prices. Such amounts earned are typically determined using a fixed percentage, a fixed fee, or a combination of the 
two.
For arrangements that include multiple deliverables, primarily for products that contain software essential to the 
hardware products’  functionality and services, we allocate revenue to each unit of accounting based on their relative 
selling prices. In such circumstances, we use a hierarchy to determine the selling prices to be used for allocating 
revenue: (i) vendor-specific objective evidence of fair value (VSOE), (ii) third-party evidence of selling price, and (iii) best 
estimate of the selling price (ESP). VSOE generally exists only when we sell the deliverable separately and is the price 
actually charged by us for that deliverable. ESPs reflect our best estimates of what the selling prices of elements would 
be if they were sold regularly on a stand-alone basis.
We record deferred revenues upon invoicing or when cash payments are received in advance of our performance 
in the underlying agreement on the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets.
Cost of Revenues
       Cost of revenues consists of traffic acquisition costs which are the advertising revenues shared with our Google 
Network Members and the amounts paid to our distribution partners who distribute our browser or otherwise direct 
search queries to our website.
      Additionally , other costs of revenues includes the following:
• Content acquisition costs primarily related to payments to certain content providers from whom we license 
their video and other content for distribution on YouTube and Google Play (We share most of the fees these 
sales generate with content providers or pay a fixed fee to these content providers);
• The expenses associated with the operation of our data centers (including depreciation, labor , energy , and 
bandwidth costs);
• Inventory costs for hardware we sell;
• Stock-based compensation paid to our employees;
• Credit card and other transaction fees related to processing customer transactions; and
• Amortization of certain intangible assets.
Stock-based Compensation
Restricted stock units (RSUs) are measured based on the fair market values of the underlying stock on the dates 
of grant. Shares are issued on the vesting dates net of the minimum statutory tax withholding requirements to be paid 
by us on behalf of our employees. As a result, the actual number of shares issued will be fewer than the actual number Table of Contents52of RSUs outstanding. We record the liability for withholding amounts to be paid by us primarily as a reduction to 
additional paid-in capital when paid. 
For stock option awards outstanding in the periods presented, we determined fair value using the Black-Scholes-
Merton (BSM) option pricing model on the dates of grant . 
We recognize stock-based compensation using the straight-line method over the vesting period.
We include as part of cash flows from financing activities the benefits of tax deductions in excess of the tax-
effected compensation of the related stock-based awards for options exercised and RSUs vested during the period. 
During the years ended December 31, 2012 , 2013 , and 2014 , the amount of cash received from the exercise of stock 
options was $736 million , $1,174 million , and $465 million , respectively , and the total direct tax benefit realized, including 
the excess tax benefit, from stock-based award activities was $747 million , $1,195 million , and $1,356 million , 
respectively . We have elected to account for the indirect effects of stock-based awards -- primarily the research and 
development tax credit -- through the Consolidated Statements of Income.
For the years ended December 31, 2012 , 2013 , and 2014 , we recognized stock-based compensation expense 
from continuing operations and related tax benefits of $2,473 million  and $545 million , $3,127 million  and $685 million , 
and $4,175 million  and $867 million , respectively . Additionally , net income (loss) from discontinued operations for the 
years ended December 31, 2012 , 2013 , and 2014 , includes stock-based compensation expense and related tax benefits 
of $219 million  and $57 million , $216 million  and $59 million , and $104 million  and $30 million , respectively .
Certain Risks and Concentrations
Our revenues are primarily derived from online advertising, the market for which is highly competitive and rapidly 
changing. In addition, our revenues are generated from a multitude of vertical market segments in countries around 
the world. Significant changes in this industry or changes in customer buying or advertiser spending behavior could 
adversely affect our operating results.
Financial instruments that potentially subject us to concentrations of credit risk consist principally of cash 
equivalents, marketable securities, foreign exchange contracts, and accounts receivable. Cash equivalents and 
marketable securities consist primarily of time deposits, money market and other funds, including cash collateral 
received related to our securities lending program, highly liquid debt instruments of the U.S. government and its 
agencies, debt instruments issued by foreign governments and municipalities in the U.S., corporate 
securities, mortgage-backed securities, and asset-backed securities. Foreign exchange contracts are transacted with 
various financial institutions with high credit standing. Accounts receivable are typically unsecured and are derived 
from revenues earned from customers located around the world. In 2012 , 2013 , and 2014 , we generated approximately 
46%, 45%, and 43% of our revenues from customers based in the U.S., with the majority of customers outside of the 
U.S. located in Europe and Japan. We perform ongoing evaluations to determine customer credit and we limit the 
amount of credit we extend, but generally we do not require collateral from our customers. We maintain reserves for 
estimated credit losses and these losses have generally been within our expectations.
No individual customer or groups of affiliated customers represented more than 10% of our revenues in 2012 , 
2013 , or 2014 .
Fair Value of Financial Instruments
Our financial assets and financial liabilities that include cash equivalents, marketable securities, and foreign 
currency and interest rate derivative contracts are measured and recorded at fair value on a recurring basis. We 
measure certain other assets including our non-marketable equity securities at fair value on a nonrecurring basis when 
they are deemed to be other-than-temporarily impaired. Our other current financial assets and our other current financial 
liabilities have fair values that approximate their carrying value and are therefore not recorded at fair value.
Cash, Cash Equivalents, and Marketable Securities
We invest our excess cash primarily in time deposits, money market and other funds, including cash collateral 
received related to our securities lending program, highly liquid debt instruments of the U.S. government and its 
agencies, debt instruments issued by foreign governments and municipalities in the U.S., corporate securities, 
mortgage-backed securities, and asset-backed securities.
We classify all highly liquid investments with stated maturities of three months or less from date of purchase as 
cash equivalents and all highly liquid investments with stated maturities of greater than three months as marketable 
securities.
We determine the appropriate classification of our investments in marketable securities at the time of purchase 
and reevaluate such designation at each balance sheet date. We have classified and accounted for our marketable Table of Contents53securities as available-for-sale. We may or may not hold securities with stated maturities greater than 12 months until 
maturity . After consideration of our risk versus reward objectives, as well as our liquidity requirements, we may sell 
these securities prior to their stated maturities. As we view these securities as available to support current operations, 
we classify securities with maturities beyond 12 months as current assets under the caption marketable securities in 
the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets. We carry these securities at fair value, and report the unrealized 
gains and losses, net of taxes, as a component of stockholders’  equity , except for unrealized losses determined to be 
other-than-temporary , which we record within interest and other income, net. We determine any realized gains or 
losses on the sale of marketable securities on a specific identification method, and we record such gains and losses 
as a component of interest and other income, net.
Non-Marketable Equity Securities
We have accounted for non-marketable equity securities either under the equity or cost method. Investments 
through which we exercise significant influence but do not have control over the investee are accounted for under the 
equity method. Investments through which we are not able to exercise significant influence over the investee are 
accounted for under the cost method.
Impairment of Marketable and Non-Marketable Securities
We periodically review our marketable and non-marketable securities for impairment. If we conclude that any of 
these investments are impaired, we determine whether such impairment is other-than-temporary . Factors we consider 
to make such determination include the duration and severity of the impairment, the reason for the decline in value 
and the potential recovery period and our intent to sell. For marketable debt securities, we also consider whether (1) it 
is more likely than not that we will be required to sell the security before recovery of its amortized cost basis, and (2) 
the amortized cost basis cannot be recovered as a result of credit losses. If any impairment is considered other-than-
temporary , we will write down the asset to its fair value and record the corresponding charge as interest and other 
income, net.
Accounts Receivable
We record accounts receivable at the invoiced amount and we normally do not charge interest. We maintain an 
allowance for doubtful accounts to reserve for potentially uncollectible receivables. We review the accounts receivable 
by amounts due by customers which are past due to identify specific customers with known disputes or collectability 
issues. In determining the amount of the reserve, we make judgments about the creditworthiness of significant 
customers based on ongoing credit evaluations. We also maintain a sales allowance to reserve for potential credits 
issued to customers. We determine the amount of the reserve based on historical credits issued.
Property and Equipment
We account for property and equipment at cost less accumulated depreciation and amortization. We compute 
depreciation using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets, generally two to five years. 
We depreciate buildings over periods up to 25 years. We amortize leasehold improvements over the shorter of the 
remaining lease term or the estimated useful lives of the assets. Construction in progress is related to the construction 
or development of property and equipment that have not yet been placed in service for our intended use. Depreciation 
for equipment commences once it is placed in service and depreciation for buildings and leasehold improvements 
commences once they are ready for our intended use. Land is not depreciated.
Software Development Costs
We expense software development costs, including costs to develop software products or the software component 
of products to be marketed to external users, before technological feasibility of such products is reached. We have 
determined that technological feasibility is reached shortly before the release of those products and as a result, the 
development costs incurred after the establishment of technological feasibility and before the release of those products 
are not material.
Software development costs also include costs to develop software programs to be used solely to meet our 
internal needs and cloud based applications used to deliver our services. We capitalize development costs related to 
these software applications once the preliminary project stage is complete and it is probable that the project will be 
completed and the software will be used to perform the function intended. Costs capitalized for developing such 
software applications were not material for the periods presented.
Business Combinations
We include the results of operations of the businesses that we acquire as of the respective dates of acquisition. 
We allocate the fair value of the purchase price of our acquisitions to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed based Table of Contents54on their estimated fair values. The excess of the fair value of the purchase price over the fair values of these identifiable 
assets and liabilities is recorded as goodwill.
Long-Lived Assets Including Goodwill and Other Acquired Intangible Assets
We review property and equipment, long-term prepayments and intangible assets, excluding goodwill, for 
impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying amount of an asset may not be 
recoverable. We measure recoverability of these assets by comparing the carrying amounts to the future undiscounted 
cash flows that the assets or the asset group are expected to generate. If the assets are considered to be impaired, 
the impairment to be recognized equals the amount by which the carrying value of the asset exceeds its fair market 
value. In 2014 , we recorded impairments of intangible assets, including an impairment of $378 million  in the third 
quarter of 2014  related to a patent licensing royalty asset. 
We test our goodwill for impairment at least annually , or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances 
indicate that the asset may be impaired. No goodwill impairment has been identified in any of the years presented.
Intangible assets with definite lives are amortized over their estimated useful lives. We amortize our acquired 
intangible assets on a straight-line basis with definite lives over periods ranging from one to twelve  years.
Income Taxes
We recognize income taxes under the liability method. We recognize deferred income taxes for differences 
between the financial reporting and tax bases of assets and liabilities at enacted statutory tax rates in effect for the 
years in which differences are expected to reverse. We recognize the effect on deferred taxes of a change in tax rates 
in income in the period that includes the enactment date.
Foreign Currency
Generally , the functional currency of our international subsidiaries is the local currency . We translate the financial 
statements of these subsidiaries to U.S. dollars using month-end rates of exchange for assets and liabilities, and 
average rates for the annual period derived from month-end spot rates for revenues, costs, and expenses. We record 
translation gains and losses in accumulated other comprehensive income as a component of stockholders’  equity . We 
reflect net foreign exchange transaction gains and losses resulting from the conversion of the transaction currency to 
functional currency as a component of foreign currency exchange losses in interest and other income, net. 
Advertising and Promotional Expenses
We expense advertising and promotional costs in the period in which they are incurred. For the years ended 
December 31, 2012 , 2013  and 2014 , advertising and promotional expenses totaled approximately $1,992 million , 
$2,389 million , and $3,004 million .
Recent Accounting Pronouncements
In April 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued Accounting Standards Update No. 
2014-08 (ASU 2014-08) “Presentation of Financial Statements (Topic 205) and Property , Plant, and Equipment (Topic 
360): Reporting Discontinued Operations and Disclosures of Disposals of Components of an Entity ." ASU 2014-08 
raises the threshold for a disposal to qualify as a discontinued operation and requires new disclosures of both 
discontinued operations and certain other disposals that do not meet the definition of a discontinued operation. It is 
effective for annual periods beginning on or after December 15, 2014. Early adoption is permitted but only for disposals 
that have not been reported in financial statements previously issued. We do not expect the impact of the adoption of 
ASU 2014-08 to be material to our consolidated financial statements.
In May 2014, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2014-09 (ASU 2014-09) "Revenue from 
Contracts with Customers." ASU 2014-09 supersedes the revenue recognition requirements in “Revenue Recognition 
(Topic 605)”, and requires entities to recognize revenue when it transfers promised goods or services to customers in 
an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled to in exchange for those goods or 
services. ASU 2014-09 is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016, including interim 
periods within that reporting period. Early adoption is not permitted. We are currently in the process of evaluating the 
impact of the adoption of ASU 2014-09 on our consolidated financial statements.
In June 2014, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2014-10 (ASU 2014-10) "Development Stage 
Entities (Topic 915): Elimination of Certain Financial Reporting Requirements, Including an Amendment to Variable 
Interest Entities Guidance in Topic 810, Consolidation". ASU 2014-10 removes the definition of a development stage 
entity from the Master Glossary of the ASC thereby removing the financial reporting distinction between development 
stage entities and other reporting entities. The amendment eliminating the exception to the sufficiency-of-equity-at-
risk criterion for development stage entities should be applied retrospectively for annual reporting periods beginning Table of Contents55after December 15, 2015, and interim periods therein. Early application of these amendments is permitted. We are 
currently in the process of evaluating the impact of the adoption of ASU 2014-10 on our consolidated financial 
statements.
Prior Period Reclassifications
Reclassifications of prior period amounts related to discontinued operations as a result of the sale of Motorola 
Home and Motorola Mobile businesses, and share and per share amounts due to the Stock Split have been made to 
conform to the current period presentation.
Note 2.    Financial Instruments  
Fair V alue Measurements
We measure our cash equivalents, marketable securities, and foreign currency and interest rate derivative 
contracts at fair value on a recurring basis. Fair value is an exit price, representing the amount that would be received 
to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants. Fair value is a 
market-based measurement that should be determined based on assumptions that market participants would use in 
pricing an asset or a liability .  Assets and liabilities recorded at fair value are measured and classified in accordance 
with a three-tier fair value hierarchy based on the observability of the inputs available in the market used to measure 
fair value:
Level 1 - Observable inputs that reflect quoted prices (unadjusted) for identical assets or liabilities in active 
markets.
Level 2 - Include other inputs that are based upon quoted prices for similar instruments in active markets, quoted 
prices for identical or similar instruments in markets that are not active, and model-based valuation techniques 
for which all significant inputs are observable in the market or can be derived from observable market data. Where 
applicable, these models project future cash flows and discount the future amounts to a present value using 
market-based observable inputs including interest rate curves, foreign exchange rates, and credit ratings.
Level 3 - Unobservable inputs that are supported by little or no market activities.
The fair value hierarchy requires an entity to maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of 
unobservable inputs when measuring fair value. 
We classify our cash equivalents and marketable securities within Level 1 or Level 2 because we use quoted 
market prices or alternative pricing sources and models utilizing market observable inputs to determine their fair value. 
We classify our foreign currency and interest rate derivative contracts primarily within Level 2 as the valuation inputs 
are based on quoted prices and market observable data of similar instruments.
Cash, Cash Equivalents, and Marketable Securities
 The following tables summarize our cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities by significant investment 
categories as of December 31, 2013  and December 31, 2014  (in millions):Table of Contents56  As of December 31, 2013
 Adjusted
CostGross
Unrealized
GainsGross
Unrealized
LossesFair
ValueCash and
Cash
EquivalentsMarketable
Securities
Cash $ 9,909 $ 0$ 0$ 9,909 $ 9,909 $ 0
Level 1:
Money market and other funds 4,428 0 0 4,428 4,428 0
U.S. government notes 18,276 23 (37) 18,262 2,501 15,761
Marketable equity securities 197 167 0 364 0 364
22,901 190 (37) 23,054 6,929 16,125
Level 2:
Time deposits(1)1,207 0 0 1,207 790 417
Money market and other funds(2)1,270 0 0 1,270 1,270 0
U.S. government agencies 4,575 3 (3) 4,575 0 4,575
Foreign government bonds 1,502 5 (26) 1,481 0 1,481
Municipal securities 2,904 9 (36) 2,877 0 2,877
Corporate debt securities 7,300 162 (67) 7,395 0 7,395
Agency residential mortgage-
backed securities 5,969 27 (187) 5,809 0 5,809
Asset-backed securities 1,142 0 (2) 1,140 0 1,140
25,869 206 (321) 25,754 2,060 23,694
Total $58,679 $ 396 $ (358)$58,717 $18,898 $39,819
  As of December 31, 2014
 Adjusted
CostGross
Unrealized
GainsGross
Unrealized
LossesFair
ValueCash and
Cash
EquivalentsMarketable
Securities
Cash $ 9,863 $ 0$ 0$ 9,863 $ 9,863 $ 0
Level 1:
Money market and other funds 2,532 0 0 2,532 2,532 0
U.S. government notes 15,320 37 (4) 15,353 1,128 14,225
Marketable equity securities 988 428 (64) 1,352 0 1,352
18,840 465 (68) 19,237 3,660 15,577
Level 2:
Time deposits(1)2,409 0 0 2,409 2,309 100
Money market and other funds(2)1,762 0 0 1,762 1,762 0
Fixed-income bond funds(3)385 0 (38) 347 0 347
U.S. government agencies 2,327 8 (1) 2,334 750 1,584
Foreign government bonds 1,828 22 (10) 1,840 0 1,840
Municipal securities 3,370 33 (6) 3,397 3 3,394
Corporate debt securities 11,499 114 (122) 11,491 0 11,491
Agency residential mortgage-
backed securities 8,196 109 (42) 8,263 0 8,263
Asset-backed securities 3,456 1 (5) 3,452 0 3,452
35,232 287 (224) 35,295 4,824 30,471
Total $63,935 $ 752 $ (292)$64,395 $18,347 $46,048
(1) The majority of our time deposits are foreign deposits.
(2) The balances as of December 31, 2013  and December 31, 2014  were related to cash collateral received in 
connection with our securities lending program, which was invested in reverse repurchase agreements maturing 
within three months. See below for further discussion of this program.
(3) Fixed-income bond funds consist of mutual funds that primarily invest in corporate and government bonds.Table of Contents57During the second quarter of 2013, we received approximately $175 million  in Arris' common stock (10.6 million  
shares) in connection with the disposition of Motorola Home and during the fourth quarter of 2014, we received $750 
million  in Lenovo ordinary shares (519.1 million  shares) in connection with the disposition of Motorola Mobile (see 
details in Note 8). These shares are accounted for as available-for-sale marketable equity securities. 
We determine realized gains or losses on the sale of marketable securities on a specific identification method. 
We recognized gross realized gains of $383 million , $416 million , and $238 million  for the years ended December 31, 
2012, 2013, and 2014. We recognized gross realized losses of $101 million , $258 million , and $85 million  for the years 
ended December 31, 2012, 2013, and 2014. We reflect these gains and losses as a component of interest and other 
income, net, in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Income.
The following table summarizes the estimated fair value of our investments in marketable debt securities, 
accounted for as available-for-sale securities and classified by the contractual maturity date of the securities (in millions):
As of
December 31,
2014
Due in 1 year $ 4,547
Due in 1 year through 5 years 24,123
Due in 5 years through 10 years 7,083
Due after 10 years 8,596
Total $ 44,349
The following tables present gross unrealized losses and fair values for those investments that were in an 
unrealized loss position as of December 31, 2013  and December 31, 2014 , aggregated by investment category and 
the length of time that individual securities have been in a continuous loss position (in millions): 
  As of December 31, 2013
  Less than 12 Months 12 Months or Greater Total
  Fair ValueUnrealized
Loss Fair ValueUnrealized
Loss Fair ValueUnrealized
Loss
U.S. government notes $ 4,404 $ (37)$ 0$ 0$ 4,404 $ (37)
U.S. government agencies 496 (3) 0 0 496 (3)
Foreign government bonds 899 (23) 83 (3) 982 (26)
Municipal securities 1,210 (32) 99 (4) 1,309 (36)
Corporate debt securities 2,583 (62) 69 (5) 2,652 (67)
Agency residential mortgage-
backed securities 4,065 (167) 468 (20) 4,533 (187)
Asset-backed securities 643 (2) 0 0 643 (2)
Total $14,300 $ (326)$ 719 $ (32)$15,019 $ (358)
  As of December 31, 2014
  Less than 12 Months 12 Months or Greater Total
  Fair ValueUnrealized
Loss Fair ValueUnrealized
Loss Fair ValueUnrealized
Loss
U.S. government notes $ 4,490 $ (4)$ 0$ 0$ 4,490 $ (4)
U.S. government agencies 830 (1) 0 0 830 (1)
Foreign government bonds 255 (7) 43 (3) 298 (10)
Municipal securities 877 (3) 174 (3) 1,051 (6)
Corporate debt securities 5,851 (112) 225 (10) 6,076 (122)
Agency residential mortgage-
backed securities 609 (1) 2,168 (41) 2,777 (42)
Asset-backed securities 2,388 (4) 174 (1) 2,562 (5)
Fixed-income bond funds 347 (38) 0 0 347 (38)
Marketable equity securities 690 (64) 0 0 690 (64)
Total $16,337 $ (234)$ 2,784 $ (58)$19,121 $ (292)Table of Contents58We periodically review our marketable debt and equity securities for other-than-temporary impairment. We 
consider factors such as the duration, severity and the reason for the decline in value, the potential recovery period 
and our intent to sell.  For marketable debt securities, we also consider whether (i) it is more likely than not that we 
will be required to sell the debt securities before recovery of their amortized cost basis, and (ii) the amortized cost 
basis cannot be recovered as a result of credit losses. During the years ended December 31, 2012 , 2013 , and 2014 , 
we did not recognize any other-than-temporary impairment loss. 
Non-Marketable Equity Investments
Our non-marketable equity investments are investments we have made in privately-held companies accounted 
for under the equity or cost method. As of December 31, 2013  and December 31, 2014 , these investments accounted 
for under the equity method had a carrying value of approximately $1.0 billion  and $1.3 billion , respectively , and those 
investments accounted for under the cost method had a carrying value of $1.0 billion  and $1.8 billion , respectively . 
For investments accounted for under the cost method, we concluded that their fair values exceeded their carrying 
values as of December 31, 2013  and December 31, 2014 . We periodically review our non-marketable equity investments 
for impairment.  No material impairments were recognized for the years ended December 31, 2012 , 2013 , and 2014 . 
Securities Lending Program
From time to time, we enter into securities lending agreements with financial institutions to enhance investment 
income. We loan selected securities which are collateralized in the form of cash or securities. Cash collateral is invested 
in reverse repurchase agreements which are collateralized in the form of securities. 
We classify loaned securities as cash equivalents or marketable securities and record the cash collateral as an 
asset with a corresponding liability in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets. W e classify reverse repurchase 
agreements maturing within three months as cash equivalents and those longer than three months as receivable under 
reverse repurchase agreements in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets.   For security collateral received, 
we do not record an asset or liability except in the event of counterparty default.
 Derivative Financial Instruments
We recognize derivative instruments as either assets or liabilities in the accompanying Consolidated Balance 
Sheets at fair value. We record changes in the fair value (i.e., gains or losses) of the derivatives in the accompanying 
Consolidated Statements of Income as interest and other income, net, as part of revenues, or as a component of 
accumulated other comprehensive income (AOCI) in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets, as discussed 
below .
We enter into foreign currency contracts with financial institutions to reduce the risk that our cash flows and 
earnings will be adversely affected by foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations. We use certain interest rate derivative 
contracts to hedge interest rate exposures on our fixed income securities and our anticipated debt issuance. Our 
program is not used for trading or speculative purposes.
We enter into master netting arrangements, which reduce credit risk by permitting net settlement of transactions 
with the same counterparty . To further reduce credit risk, we enter into collateral security arrangements under which 
the counterparty is required to provide collateral when the net fair value of certain financial instruments fluctuates from 
contractually established thresholds. We can take possession of the collateral in the event of counterparty default.  As 
of December 31, 2013  and December 31, 2014 , we received cash collateral related to the derivative instruments under 
our collateral security arrangements of $35 million  and $268 million .
Cash Flow Hedges
We use options designated as cash flow hedges to hedge certain forecasted revenue transactions denominated 
in currencies other than the U.S. dollar . The notional principal of these contracts was approximately $10.0 billion  and 
$13.6 billion  as of December 31, 2013  and December 31, 2014 . These foreign exchange contracts have maturities of 
36 months  or less.
In 2012, we entered into forward-starting interest rate swaps with a total notional amount of $1.0 billion  and terms 
calling for us to receive interest at a variable rate and to pay interest at a fixed rate, that effectively locked in an interest 
rate on our anticipated debt issuance of $1.0 billion  in 2014. We issued $1.0 billion  of unsecured senior notes in 
February 2014 (See details in Note 3). As a result, we terminated the forward-starting interest rate swaps upon the 
debt issuance. The gain associated with the termination is reported within Operating Activities in the Consolidated 
Statement of Cash Flows for the year ended December 31, 2014, consistent with the impact of the hedged item. 
We reflect gain or loss on the effective portion of a cash flow hedge as a component of AOCI and subsequently 
reclassify cumulative gains and losses to revenues or interest expense when the hedged transactions are recorded. Table of Contents59If the hedged transactions become probable of not occurring, the corresponding amounts in AOCI would be immediately 
reclassified to interest and other income, net. Further , we exclude the change in the time value of the options from our 
assessment of hedge effectiveness. We record the premium paid or time value of an option on the date of purchase 
as an asset. Thereafter , we recognize changes to this time value in interest and other income, net.
As of December 31, 2014 , the effective portion of our cash flow hedges before tax effect was $817 million , of 
which $645 million  is expected to be reclassified from AOCI into earnings within the next 12 months.
Fair Value Hedges
We use forward contracts designated as fair value hedges to hedge foreign currency risks for our investments 
denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar . We exclude changes in the time value for forward contracts from 
the assessment of hedge effectiveness. The notional principal of these contracts was $1.2 billion  and $1.5 billion  as 
of December 31, 2013  and December 31, 2014 .
Starting in the quarter ended September 30, 2014, we used interest rate swaps designated as fair value hedges 
to hedge interest rate risk for certain fixed rate securities. The notional principal of these contracts was $175 million  
as of December 31, 2014 .
Gains and losses on these forward contracts and interest rate swaps are recognized in interest and other income 
net along with the offsetting losses and gains of the related hedged items.
Other Derivatives
Other derivatives not designated as hedging instruments consist of forward and option contracts that we use to 
hedge intercompany transactions and other monetary assets or liabilities denominated in currencies other than the 
local currency of a subsidiary . We recognize gains and losses on these contracts, as well as the related costs in interest 
and other income, net, along with the foreign currency gains and losses on monetary assets and liabilities. The notional 
principal of foreign exchange contracts outstanding was $9.4 billion  and $6.2 billion  as of December 31, 2013  and 
December 31, 2014 .
We also use exchange-traded interest rate futures contracts and “To Be Announced” (TBA) forward purchase 
commitments of mortgage-backed assets to hedge interest rate risks on certain fixed income securities. The TBA 
contracts meet the definition of derivative instruments in cases where physical delivery of the assets is not taken at 
the earliest available delivery date. Our interest rate futures and TBA contracts (together interest rate contracts) are 
not designated as hedging instruments. We recognize gains and losses on these contracts, as well as the related 
costs, in interest and other income, net. The gains and losses are generally economically offset by unrealized gains 
and losses in the underlying available-for-sale securities, which are recorded as a component of AOCI until the securities 
are sold or other-than-temporarily impaired, at which time the amounts are moved from AOCI into interest and other 
income, net. The total notional amounts of interest rate contracts outstanding were $13 million  and $150 million  as of 
December 31, 2013  and December 31, 2014 .
The fair values of our outstanding derivative instruments were as follows (in millions):Table of Contents60    As of December 31, 2013
   Balance Sheet LocationFair V alue of
Derivatives
Designated as
Hedging InstrumentsFair V alue of
Derivatives Not
Designated as
Hedging InstrumentsTotal Fair
Value
Derivative Assets:
Level 2:
Foreign exchange
contractsPrepaid revenue share,
expenses and other
assets, current and non-
current $ 133 $ 12 $ 145
Interest rate contracts Prepaid revenue share,
expenses and other
assets, current and non-
current 87 0 87
Total $ 220 $ 12 $ 232
Derivative Liabilities:
Level 2:
Foreign exchange
contractsAccrued expenses and
other current liabilities $ 0$ 4$ 4
    As of December 31, 2014
   Balance Sheet LocationFair V alue of
Derivatives
Designated as
Hedging InstrumentsFair V alue of
Derivatives Not
Designated as
Hedging InstrumentsTotal Fair
Value
Derivative Assets:
Level 2:
Foreign exchange
contractsPrepaid revenue share,
expenses and other
assets, current and non-
current $ 851 $ 0$ 851
Interest rate contracts Prepaid revenue share,
expenses and other
assets, current and non-
current 1 0 1
Total $ 852 $ 0$ 852
Derivative Liabilities:
Level 2:
Foreign exchange
contractsAccrued expenses and
other current liabilities $ 0$ 3$ 3
Interest rate contracts Accrued expenses and
other liabilities, current
and non-current 1 0 1
Total $ 1$ 3$ 4Table of Contents61The effect of derivative instruments in cash flow hedging relationships on income and other comprehensive 
income (OCI) is summarized below (in millions):
 Gains (Losses) Recognized in OCI
on Derivatives Before T ax Effect (Effective Portion)
  Year Ended December 31,
Derivatives in Cash Flow Hedging
Relationship 2012 2013 2014
Foreign exchange contracts $ 73 $ 92 $ 929
Interest rate contracts 1 86 (31)
Total $ 74 $ 178 $ 898 
  Gains Reclassified from AOCI into Income (Effective Portion)
    Year Ended December 31,
Derivatives in Cash Flow Hedging
Relationship Location 2012 2013 2014
Foreign exchange contracts Revenues $ 217 $ 95 $ 171
Interest rate contracts Interest and other
income, net 0 0$ 4
Total $ 217 $ 95 $ 175
 Gains (Losses) Recognized in Income on Derivatives (Amount
Excluded from  Effectiveness T esting and Ineffective Portion)      (1)
    Year Ended December 31,
Derivatives in Cash Flow Hedging
Relationship Location 2012 2013 2014
Foreign exchange contracts Interest and
other income, net $ (447)$ (280)$ (279)
Interest rate contracts Interest and other
income, net 0 0$ 4
Total
$ (447)$ (280)$ (275)
(1) Gains (losses) related to the ineffective portion of the hedges were not material in all periods presented.
The effect of derivative instruments in fair value hedging relationships on income is summarized below (in millions):
  Gains (Losses) Recognized in Income on Derivatives(2)
  Year Ended December 31,
Derivatives in Fair Value Hedging
Relationship Location 2012 2013 2014
Foreign exchange contracts Interest and
other income, net $ (31)$ 16 $ 115
Hedged item Interest and
other income, net 23 (25) (123)
Total $ (8)$ (9)$ (8)
(2) Losses related to the amount excluded from effectiveness testing of the hedges were $8 million , $9 million , and 
$8 million  for the years ended December 31, 2012 , 2013 , and 2014 . Table of Contents62The effect of derivative instruments not designated as hedging instruments on income is summarized below (in 
millions):
  Gains (Losses) Recognized in Income on Derivatives
    Year Ended December 31,
Derivatives Not Designated As
Hedging Instruments Location 2012 2013 2014
Foreign exchange contracts Interest and
other income, net $ (67)$ 118 $ 237
Interest rate contracts Interest and
other income, net (6) 4 2
Total $ (73)$ 122 $ 239
Offsetting of Derivatives, Securities Lending, and Reverse Repurchase Agreements
We present our derivatives, securities lending and reverse repurchase agreements at gross fair values in the 
Consolidated Balance Sheets. However , our master netting and other similar arrangements allow net settlements 
under certain conditions. As of December 31, 2013  and December 31, 2014 , information related to these offsetting 
arrangements was as follows (in millions):
Offsetting of Assets
Balance as of December 31, 2013
Gross Amounts Not Offset in the Consolidated
Balance Sheets, but  Have Legal Rights to
Offset
DescriptionGross
Amounts of
Recognized
AssetsGross
Amounts
Offset in the
Consolidated
Balance
SheetsNet Presented
in the
Consolidated
Balance SheetsFinancial
Instruments Cash
Collateral
ReceivedNon-Cash
Collateral
ReceivedNet Assets
Exposed
Derivatives $ 232 $ 0$ 232 $ (2)(1)$ (35)$ (52)$ 143
Reverse repurchase
agreements 1,370 0 1,370(2)0 0 (1,370 ) 0
Total $1,602 $ 0$ 1,602 $ (2) $ (35)$(1,422 )$ 143
Balance as of December 31, 2014
Gross Amounts Not Offset in the Consolidated
Balance Sheets, but  Have Legal Rights to
Offset
DescriptionGross
Amounts of
Recognized
AssetsGross
Amounts
Offset in the
Consolidated
Balance
SheetsNet Presented
in the
Consolidated
Balance SheetsFinancial
InstrumentsCash
Collateral
ReceivedNon-Cash
Collateral
ReceivedNet Assets
Exposed
Derivatives $ 852 $ 0$ 852 $ (1)(1)$(251)$(412)$ 188
Reverse repurchase
agreements 2,637 0 2,637(2)0 0 (2,637 ) 0
Total $3,489 $ 0$ 3,489 $ (1) $(251)$(3,049 )$ 188
(1)     The balances at December 31, 2013  and December 31, 2014  were related to derivative liabilities which are 
allowed to be net settled against derivative assets in accordance with our master netting agreements. 
(2)        The balances at December 31, 2013  and December 31, 2014  included $1,270 million  and $1,762 million  recorded 
in cash and cash equivalents, respectively , and $100 million  and $875 million  recorded in receivable under reverse 
repurchase agreements, respectively .Table of Contents63Offsetting of Liabilities
Balance as of December 31, 2013
Gross Amounts Not Offset in the
Consolidated Balance Sheets, but  Have
Legal Rights to Offset
DescriptionGross
Amounts of
Recognized
LiabilitiesGross
Amounts
Offset in the
Consolidated
Balance
SheetsNet
Presented in
the
Consolidated
Balance
SheetsFinancial
Instruments Cash
Collateral
PledgedNon-Cash
Collateral
PledgedNet
Liabilities
Derivatives $ 4$ 0$ 4$ (2)(3)$ 0$ 0$ 2
Securities lending
agreements 1,374 0 1,374 0 0 (1,357 ) 17
Total $1,378 $ 0$1,378 $ (2)$ 0$(1,357 )$ 19
Balance as of December 31, 2014
Gross Amounts Not Offset in the Consolidated
Balance Sheets, but  Have Legal Rights to
Offset
DescriptionGross
Amounts of
Recognized
LiabilitiesGross
Amounts
Offset in the
Consolidated
Balance
SheetsNet
Presented in
the
Consolidated
Balance
SheetsFinancial
Instruments Cash
Collateral
PledgedNon-Cash
Collateral
PledgedNet
Liabilities
Derivatives $ 4$ 0$ 4$ (1)(3)$ 0$ 0$ 3
Securities lending
agreements 2,778 0 2,778 0 0 (2,740 ) 38
Total $2,782 $ 0$2,782 $ (1)$ 0$(2,740 )$ 41
(3)     The balances at December 31, 2013  and December 31, 2014  were related to derivative assets which are allowed 
to be net settled against derivative liabilities in accordance with our master netting agreements.  
Note 3.    Debt  
Short-T erm Debt
We have a debt financing program of up to $3.0 billion  through the issuance of commercial paper . Net proceeds 
from this program are used for general corporate purposes. As of December 31, 2013  and December 31, 2014 , we 
had $2.0 billion  of outstanding commercial paper recorded as short-term debt with a weighted-average interest rate 
of 0.1%  for both periods. In conjunction with this program, we have a $3.0 billion  revolving credit facility expiring in 
July 2016. The interest rate for the credit facility is determined based on a formula using certain market rates. As of 
December 31, 2013  and December 31, 2014 , we were in compliance with the financial covenant in the credit facility , 
and no amounts were outstanding under the credit facility . The estimated fair value of the short-term debt approximated 
its carrying value as of December 31, 2013  and December 31, 2014 .
Long-T erm Debt
We issued $1.0 billion  of unsecured senior notes (the "2014 Notes") in February 2014 and $3.0 billion  of unsecured 
senior notes in three  tranches (collectively , the "2011 Notes") in May 2011. On May 19, 2014, we repaid $1.0 billion  
on the first tranche of our 2011 Notes upon their maturity . Additionally , we entered into a capital lease obligation in 
August 2013. The details of these financing arrangements are described in the table below (in millions): Table of Contents64Outstanding
Balance As of
December 31,
2013Outstanding
Balance As of
December 31,
2014
Short-term portion of long-term debt:
1.25% Notes due on May 19, 2014 $ 1,000 $ 0
Capital lease obligation 9 10
 Total $ 1,009 $ 10
Long-term debt:
2.125% Notes due on May 19, 2016 1,000 1,000
3.625% Notes due on May 19, 2021 1,000 1,000
3.375% Notes due on February 25, 2024 0 1,000
Unamortized discount for the Notes above (10) (8)
Subtotal 1,990 2,992
Capital lease obligation 246 236
Total $ 2,236 $ 3,228
The effective interest yields of the Notes due in 2016, 2021, and 2024 were 2.241% , 3.734%  and 3.377% , 
respectively . Interest on the 2011 and 2014 Notes is payable semi-annually . The 2011 and 2014 Notes rank equally 
with each other and with all of our other senior unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness from time to time 
outstanding. We may redeem the 2011 and 2014 Notes at any time in whole or in part at specified redemption prices. 
We are not subject to any financial covenants under the 2011 Notes or the 2014 Notes. We used the net proceeds 
from the issuance of the 2011 Notes to repay a portion of our outstanding commercial paper and for general corporate 
purposes. We used the net proceeds from the issuance of the 2014 Notes for the repayment of the portion of the 
principal amount of our 2011 Notes which matured on May 19, 2014 and for general corporate purposes. The total 
estimated fair value of the 2011 and 2014 Notes was approximately $3.1 billion  at both December 31, 2013  and 
December 31, 2014 . The fair value of the outstanding 2011 and 2014 Notes was determined based on observable 
market prices of identical instruments in less active markets and is categorized accordingly as Level 2 in the fair value 
hierarchy .
In August 2013, we entered into a capital lease obligation on certain property expiring in 2028 with an option to 
purchase the property in 2016. The effective rate of the capital lease obligation approximates the market rate.  The 
estimated fair value of the capital lease obligation approximated its carrying value as of December 31, 2013  and 
December 31, 2014 .
As of December 31, 2014 , aggregate future principal payments for long-term debt (including short-term portion 
of long-term debt) and capital lease obligation were as follows (in millions):
Years ending  
2015 $ 10
2016 1,236
2017 0
2018 0
Thereafter 2,000
Total $ 3,246Table of Contents65Note 4.    Balance Sheet Components  
Property and Equipment, Net
Property and equipment, net consisted of the following (in millions):
As of
December 31,
2013As of
December 31,
2014
Information technology assets $ 9,094 $ 10,918
Land and buildings 7,488 13,326
Construction in progress 5,602 6,555
Leasehold improvements 1,576 1,868
Furniture and fixtures 77 79
Total 23,837 32,746
Less: accumulated depreciation and amortization 7,313 8,863
Property and equipment, net $ 16,524 $ 23,883
Property under capital lease with a cost basis of $258 million  was included in land and construction in progress 
as of December 31, 2013  and December 31, 2014 . 
Prepaid Revenue Share, Expenses and Other Assets, Non-Current
Note Receivable
In connection with the sale of our Motorola Mobile business on October 29, 2014 (see Note 8 for additional 
information), we received an interest-free, three -year prepayable promissory note (the "Note Receivable") due October 
2017 from Lenovo.  The Note Receivable is included in prepaid revenue share, expenses and other assets, non-current 
on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. Based on the general market conditions and the credit quality of Lenovo, we 
discounted the Note Receivable at an effective interest rate of 4.5%  as shown in the table below (in millions):
As of
December 31,
2014
Principal of the Note Receivable $ 1,500
Less: unamortized discount for the Note Receivable (175)
Total $ 1,325
 As of December 31, 2014 , we did not recognize any valuation allowance on the Note Receivable. 
Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income
The components of AOCI, net of tax, were as follows (in millions):
Foreign Currency
Translation
AdjustmentsUnrealized Gains
(Losses) on
Available-for-Sale
InvestmentsUnrealized Gains
on Cash Flow
Hedges Total
Balance as of December 31, 2012 $ (73)$ 604 $ 7$ 538
Other comprehensive income (loss)
before reclassifications 89 (392) 112 (191)
Amounts reclassified from AOCI 0 (162) (60) (222)
Other comprehensive income (loss) 89 (554) 52 (413)
Balance as of December 31, 2013 $ 16 $ 50 $ 59 $ 125Table of Contents66Foreign Currency
Translation
AdjustmentsUnrealized Gains
(Losses) on
Available-for-Sale
InvestmentsUnrealized Gains
on Cash Flow
Hedges Total
Balance as of December 31, 2013 $ 16 $ 50 $ 59 $ 125
Other comprehensive income (loss)
before reclassifications (996) 505 651 160
Amounts reclassified from AOCI 0 (134) (124) (258)
Other comprehensive income (loss) (996) 371 527 (98)
Balance as of December 31, 2014 $ (980)$ 421 $ 586 $ 27
The effects on net income of amounts reclassified from AOCI were as follows (in millions):
Gains (Losses) Reclassified 
from AOCI to the 
Consolidated Statement of 
Income
Year ended December 31
 AOCI Components Location 2013 2014
Unrealized gains on available-for-
sale investments
Interest and other income, net $ 158 $ 153
Net income (loss) from discontinued operations 43 0
Provision for income taxes (39) (19)
Net of tax $ 162 $ 134
Unrealized gains on cash flow
hedges
  Foreign exchange contracts Revenues $ 95 $ 171
  Interest rate contracts Interest and other income, net 0 4
Provision for income taxes (35) (51)
Net of tax $ 60 $ 124
Total amount reclassified, net of tax $ 222 $ 258 
Note 5.    Acquisitions  
2014 Acquisitions
 Nest
 In February 2014, we completed the acquisition of Nest Labs, Inc. (Nest), a company whose mission is to 
reinvent devices in the home such as thermostats and smoke alarms. Prior to this transaction, we had an approximately 
12% ownership interest in Nest. The acquisition is expected to enhance Google's suite of products and services and 
allow Nest to continue to innovate upon devices in the home, making them more useful, intuitive, and thoughtful, and 
to reach more users in more countries.  
 Of the total $2.6 billion  purchase price and the fair value of our previously held equity interest of $152 million , 
$51 million  was cash acquired, $430 million  was attributed to intangible assets, $2.3 billion  was attributed to goodwill, 
and $84 million  was attributed to net liabilities assumed. The goodwill of $2.3 billion  is primarily attributable to synergies 
expected to arise after the acquisition. Goodwill is not expected to be deductible for tax purposes.
 This transaction is considered a “step acquisition” under GAAP  whereby our ownership interest in Nest held 
before the acquisition was remeasured to fair value at the date of the acquisition. Such fair value was estimated by 
using discounted cash flow valuation methodologies. Inputs used in the methodologies primarily included projected 
future cash flows, discounted at a rate commensurate with the risk involved. The gain of $103 million  as a result of Table of Contents67remeasurement is included in interest and other income, net on our Consolidated Statements of Income for the year 
ended December 31, 2014.
 Dropcam
 In July 2014, Nest completed the acquisition of Dropcam, Inc. (Dropcam), a company that enables consumers 
and businesses to monitor their homes and offices via video, for approximately $517 million  in cash. With Dropcam 
on board, Nest expects to continue to reinvent products that will help shape the future of the connected home. Of the 
total purchase price of $517 million , $11 million  was cash acquired, $55 million  was attributed to intangible assets, 
$452 million  was attributed to goodwill, and $1 million  was attributed to net liabilities assumed. The goodwill of $452 
million  is primarily attributable to synergies expected to arise after the acquisition. Goodwill is not expected to be 
deductible for tax purposes.
 Skybox
 In August 2014, we completed the acquisition of Skybox Imaging, Inc. (Skybox), a satellite imaging company , 
for approximately $478 million  in cash. We expect the acquisition to keep Google Maps accurate with up-to-date 
imagery and, over time, improve internet access and disaster relief. Of the total purchase price of $478 million , $6 
million  was cash acquired, $69 million  was attributed to intangible assets, $388 million  was attributed to goodwill, and 
$15 million  was attributed to net assets acquired. The goodwill of $388 million  is primarily attributable to the synergies 
expected to arise after the acquisition. Goodwill is not expected to be deductible for tax purposes.
 Other Acquisitions
 During the year ended December 31, 2014 , we completed other acquisitions and purchases of intangible 
assets for total consideration of approximately $1,466 million , which includes the fair value of our previously held equity 
interest of $33 million . In aggregate, $65 million  was cash acquired, $405 million  was attributed to intangible assets, 
$1,045 million  was attributed to goodwill, and $49 million  was attributed to net liabilities assumed. These acquisitions 
generally enhance the breadth and depth of our offerings, as well as expanding our expertise in engineering and other 
functional areas. The amount of goodwill expected to be deductible for tax purposes is approximately $55 million .
 Pro forma results of operations for these acquisitions have not been presented because they are not material 
to the consolidated results of operations, either individually or in aggregate.
 For all acquisitions completed during the year ended December 31, 2014 , patents and developed technology 
have a weighted-average useful life of 5.1 years, customer relationships have a weighted-average useful life of 4.5 
years, and trade names and other have a weighted-average useful life of 6.9 years.
2013 Acquisitions
 In June 2013, we completed our acquisition of Waze Limited (Waze), a provider of a mobile map application 
which provides turn-by-turn navigation and real-time traffic updates powered by incidents and route information 
submitted by a community of users, for a total cash consideration of $969 million . The acquisition is expected to 
enhance our customers' user experience by offering real time traffic information to meet users' daily navigation needs.  
Of the total purchase price, $841 million  was attributed to goodwill and $193 million  was attributed to intangible assets, 
offset by $65 million  of other net liabilities assumed. The goodwill of $841 million  is primarily attributable to the synergies 
expected to arise after the acquisition. Goodwill is not expected to be deductible for tax purposes.
 During the year ended December 31, 2013, we completed other acquisitions and purchases of intangible 
assets for a total consideration of approximately $489 million , of which $268 million  was attributed to intangible assets, 
$238 million  to goodwill, and $17 million  to net liabilities assumed. These acquisitions generally enhance the breadth 
and depth of our expertise in engineering and other functional areas, our technologies, and our product offerings. The 
amount of goodwill expected to be deductible for tax purposes is approximately $38 million .
 Pro forma results of operations for these acquisitions have not been presented because they are not material 
to the consolidated results of operations, either individually or in aggregate.
 For all acquisitions completed during the year ended December 31, 2013, patents and developed technology 
have a weighted-average useful life of 4.8 years, customer relationships have a weighted-average useful life of 5.5 
years, and trade names and other have a weighted-average useful life of 3.5 years.
Note 6.    Collaboration Agreement  
 On September 18, 2013, we announced the formation of Calico, a life science company with a mission to 
harness advanced technologies to increase our understanding of the biology that controls lifespan. Calico's results of 
operations and statement of financial position are included in our consolidated financial statements. As of December Table of Contents6831, 2014 , Google has contributed $240 million  to Calico in exchange for Calico convertible preferred units. As of 
December 31, 2014, Google has also committed to fund an additional $490 million  on an as-needed basis.
 In September 2014, AbbV ie Inc. (AbbV ie) and Calico announced a research and development collaboration 
intended to help both companies discover , develop, and bring to market new therapies for patients with age-related 
diseases, including for neurodegeneration and cancer . As of December 31, 2014 , AbbV ie and Calico have each 
contributed $250 million  and committed up to an additional $500 million  to fund the collaboration pursuant to the 
agreement. Calico will use its scientific expertise to establish a world-class research and development facility , with a 
focus on drug discovery and early drug development; and AbbV ie will provide scientific and clinical development 
support and its commercial expertise to bring new discoveries to market. Both companies will share costs and profits 
equally . AbbV ie's contribution has been recorded as a liability on Calico's financial statements, which is reduced and 
reflected as a reduction to research and development expense as eligible research and development costs are incurred 
by Calico over the next few years. 
 On January 15, 2015, AbbV ie contributed an additional $500 million  to Calico which reflects the remainder of 
its $750 million  commitment to Calico.
Note 7.    Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets  
Goodwill
The changes in the carrying amount of goodwill for the year ended December 31, 2014  were as follows (in 
millions):
Balance as of December 31, 2013 $ 11,492
Goodwill acquired 4,208
Goodwill disposed (43)
Goodwill adjustment (58)
Balance as of December 31, 2014 $ 15,599
Other Intangible Assets
Information regarding our purchased intangible assets is as follows (in millions):
  As of December 31, 2013
 Gross
Carrying
AmountAccumulated
AmortizationNet
Carrying
Amount
Patents and developed technology $ 7,282 $ 2,102 $ 5,180
Customer relationships 1,770 1,067 703
Trade names and other 534 351 183
Total $ 9,586 $ 3,520 $ 6,066
  As of December 31, 2014
 Gross
Carrying
AmountAccumulated
AmortizationNet
Carrying
Value
Patents and developed technology $ 6,547 $ 2,513 $ 4,034
Customer relationships 1,410 1,168 242
Trade names and other 696 365 331
Total $ 8,653 $ 4,046 $ 4,607
Patents and developed technology , customer relationships, and trade names and other have weighted-average 
useful lives from the date of purchase of 7.9 years, 6.0 years, and 5.7 years, respectively . Amortization expense relating 
to our purchased intangible assets was $744 million , $1,01 1 million , and $1,079 million  for the years ended December 
31, 2012 , 2013 , and 2014 .
Additionally , we recorded an impairment charge in other cost of revenues of $378 million  related to a patent 
licensing royalty asset acquired in connection with the Motorola acquisition, which Google retained subsequent to the 
sale of Motorola Mobile. The asset was determined to be impaired due to prolonged decreased royalty payments and Table of Contents69unpaid interest owed and was written down to its fair value. Fair value was determined based on a discounted cash 
flow method and reflects estimated future cash flows associated with the patent licensing royalty asset at the 
measurement date and falls within level 3 in fair value hierarchy . 
As of December 31, 2014 , expected amortization expense for our purchased intangible assets for each of the 
next five years and thereafter was as follows (in millions):  
2015 $ 865
2016 784
2017 704
2018 633
2019 524
Thereafter 1,097
$ 4,607
Note 8.    Discontinued Operations  
Motorola Mobile
On October 29, 2014, we closed the sale of the Motorola Mobile business to Lenovo for a total purchase price 
of approximately $2.9 billion  (subject to certain adjustments), including $1.4 billion  paid at close, comprised of $660 
million  in cash and $750 million  in Lenovo ordinary shares (519.1 million  shares). The remaining $1.5 billion  was paid 
in the form of an interest-free, three -year prepayable promissory note.
We maintain ownership of the vast majority of the Motorola Mobile patent portfolio, including pre-closing patent 
applications and invention disclosures, which we licensed to Motorola Mobile for its continued operations. Additionally , 
in connection with the sale, we agreed to indemnify Lenovo for certain potential liabilities of the Motorola Mobile 
business, for which we recorded a liability of $130 million  as of December 31, 2014.
The sale resulted in a gain of $740 million , net of tax, which was presented as part of net income from discontinued 
operations in the Consolidated Statements of Income for the year ended December 31, 2014. Incremental to this net 
gain, we recognized an additional income of $254 million , net of tax, in connection with certain IP licensing arrangements 
between the parties, included as part of net income from discontinued operations on the Consolidated Statements of 
Income for the year ended December 31, 2014.
The financial results of Motorola Mobile through the date of divestiture are presented as net income (loss) from 
discontinued operations on the Consolidated Statements of Income. The following table presents financial results of 
the Motorola Mobile business included in net income (loss) from discontinued operations for the years ended December 
31, 2012, 2013 and 2014 (in millions):
Year Ended December 31,
2012 2013 2014 (1)
Revenues $ 4,136 $ 4,306 $ 5,486
Loss from discontinued operations before income taxes (1,083 ) (1,403 ) (177)
Benefits from/(Provision for) income taxes 318 270 (47)
Gain on disposal 0 0 740
Net (loss) income from discontinued operations $ (765)$ (1,133 )$ 516
(1) The operating results of Motorola Mobile were included in our Consolidated Statements of Income from January 
1, 2014 through October 29, 2014, the date of divestiture.  Table of Contents70The following table presents the aggregate carrying amounts of the major classes of assets and liabilities divested 
(in millions): 
Assets:
Cash and cash equivalents $ 160
Accounts receivable 1,103
Inventories 217
Prepaid expenses and other current assets 357
Prepaid expenses and other assets, non-current 290
Property and equipment, net 542
Intangible assets, net 985
Goodwill 43
Total assets $ 3,697
Liabilities:
Accounts payable $ 1,238
Accrued compensation and benefits 163
Accrued expenses and other current liabilities 10
Deferred revenue, current 165
Other long-term liabilities 250
Total liabilities $ 1,826
Motorola Home
On April 17, 2013, we sold the Motorola Home business to Arris for consideration of approximately $2,412 million  
in cash, including cash of $2,238 million  received at the date of close and certain post-close adjustments of $174 
million  received in the third quarter of 2013, and approximately $175 million  in Arris' common stock (10.6 million  shares). 
Subsequent to the transaction, we own approximately 7.8%  of the outstanding shares of Arris. Additionally , in connection 
with the disposition, we agreed to indemnify Arris for potential liability from certain intellectual property infringement 
litigation, for which we recorded an indemnification liability of $175 million , the majority of which was settled subsequent 
to the disposition. 
The disposition resulted in a net gain of $757 million , which was presented as part of net income from discontinued 
operations in the Consolidated Statements of Income for the year ended December 31, 2013.
The financial results of Motorola Home through the date of divestiture are presented as net income (loss) from 
discontinued operations on the Consolidated Statement of Income. The following table presents financial results of 
the Motorola Home business included in net income (loss) from discontinued operations for the years ended December 
31, 2012 and 2013 (in millions):
Year Ended December 31,
2012 2013 (1)
Revenues $ 2,028 $ 804
Loss from discontinued operations before income taxes (22) (67)
(Provision for)/Benefits from income taxes (29) 16
Gain on disposal 0 757
Net (loss) income from discontinued operations $ (51)$ 706
(1) The operating results of Motorola Home were included in our Consolidated Statements of Income from January 
1, 2013 through April 17, 2013, the date of divestiture.  Table of Contents71The following table presents the aggregate carrying amounts of the major classes of assets and liabilities divested  
(in millions): 
Assets:
Accounts receivable $ 424
Inventories 228
Deferred income taxes, net 144
Prepaid and other current assets 152
Property and equipment, net 282
Intangible assets, net 701
Other assets, non-current 182
Total assets $ 2,113
Liabilities:
Accounts payable $ 169
Accrued expenses and other liabilities 289
Total liabilities $ 458
Note 9.    Interest and Other Income, Net  
The components of interest and other income, net, were as follows (in millions):  
  Year Ended December 31,
  2012 2013 2014
Interest income $ 700 $ 766 $ 746
Interest expense (85) (81) (101)
Realized gains on available-for-sale investments, net 282 158 153
Foreign currency exchange losses (1)(514) (379) (402)
Realized gain on equity interest 0 0 126
Realized gain on non-marketable equity investments 0 0 159
Gain (loss) on divestiture of businesses (2)188 (57) 0
Other income, net 64 89 82
Interest and other income, net $ 635 $ 496 $ 763
(1) Includes net foreign exchange transaction gains and losses resulting from the conversion of the transaction currency 
to the functional currency , net of those recognized on foreign exchange contracts. We recorded net foreign currency 
transaction losses of $61 million , $121 million , and $107 million  in 2012, 2013, and 2014 , respectively .
(2) Gain on divestiture of Motorola Home business was included in net income (loss) from discontinued operations for 
the year ended December 31, 2013. Gain on divestiture of Motorola Mobile business was included in net income (loss) 
from discontinued operations for the year ended December 31, 2014.
Note 10.    Commitments and Contingencies  
Operating Leases
We have entered into various non-cancelable operating lease agreements for certain of our offices, land, and 
data centers throughout the world with original lease periods expiring primarily between 2015  and 2063 . We are 
committed to pay a portion of the actual operating expenses under certain of these lease agreements. These operating 
expenses are not included in the table below . Certain of these arrangements have free or escalating rent payment 
provisions. We recognize rent expense under such arrangements on a straight-line basis.Table of Contents72As of December 31, 2014 , future minimum payments under non-cancelable operating leases, net of sublease 
income amounts, were as follows over each of the next five years and thereafter (in millions):
Operating
LeasesSub-lease
IncomeNet
Operating
Leases
2015 628 30 598
2016 643 21 622
2017 644 10 634
2018 597 1 596
2019 576 0 576
Thereafter 3,157 0 3,157
Total minimum payments $ 6,245 $ 62 $ 6,183
Certain leases have adjustments for market provisions. Amounts in the above table represent our best estimates 
of future payments to be made under these leases. 
In October 2014, we entered into certain non-cancelable office lease agreements with original lease periods 
expiring between 2027 and 2028 where we will be the deemed owner for accounting purposes of new construction 
projects. Future minimum lease payments under the leases total approximately $1.0 billion  of which $250 million  is 
included on the Consolidated Balance Sheet as of December 31, 2014  as an asset and corresponding non-current 
liability , which represents our estimate of construction costs incurred, and the balance of which is included in the 
schedule above.
Rent expense under operating leases, including co-location arrangements, was $417 million , $465 million , and 
$570 million  in 2012 , 2013 , and 2014 .
Purchase Obligations
As of December 31, 2014 , we had $2.7 billion  of other non-cancelable contractual obligations, primarily related 
to video and other content licensing revenue sharing arrangements, data center operations and facility build-outs, as 
well as certain inventory purchase commitments.
Possible Adjustment Payment to Class C Capital Stockholders
In accordance with a settlement of litigation involving the authorization to distribute the Class C capital stock, we 
may be obligated to make a payment (the Possible Adjustment Payment) to holders of the Class C capital stock if, on 
a volume-weighted average basis, the Class C capital stock trades below the Class A common stock during the first 
365 days following the first date the Class C shares traded on NASDAQ (the Lookback Period), payable in cash, Class 
A common stock, Class C capital stock, or a combination thereof, at the discretion of the board of directors. Had we 
been obligated to make a payment based on the Volume Weighted Average Price (VWAP) of the Class A and Class 
C shares from April 3, 2014 through December 31, 2014, the monetary value of the Possible Adjustment Payment 
would have been approximately  $593 million  as of December 31, 2014. Please see Note 12 for additional information 
related to the Possible Adjustment Payment.
Letters of Credit
As of December 31, 2014 , we had unused letters of credit for $842 million .
Indemnifications
In the normal course of business, to facilitate transactions in our services and products, we indemnify certain 
parties, including advertisers, Google Network Members, and lessors with respect to certain matters. We have agreed 
to hold certain parties harmless against losses arising from a breach of representations or covenants, or out of intellectual 
property infringement or other claims made against certain parties. Several of these agreements limit the time within 
which an indemnification claim can be made and the amount of the claim. In addition, we have entered into 
indemnification agreements with our officers and directors, and our bylaws contain similar indemnification obligations 
to our agents.
It is not possible to make a reasonable estimate of the maximum potential amount under these indemnification 
agreements due to the unique facts and circumstances involved in each particular agreement. Additionally , we have 
a limited history of prior indemnification claims and the payments we have made under such agreements have not 
had a material adverse effect on our results of operations, cash flows, or financial position. However , to the extent that Table of Contents73valid indemnification claims arise in the future, future payments by us could be significant and could have a material 
adverse effect on our results of operations or cash flows in a particular period. As of December 31, 2014 , we did not 
have any material indemnification claims that were probable or reasonably possible. As part of the sale of Motorola 
Home and Motorola Mobile businesses, we issued indemnifications for certain potential liabilities. Please see Note 8 
for additional information.
Legal Matters
Antitrust Investigations
On November 30, 2010, the European Commission's (EC) Directorate General for Competition opened an 
investigation into various antitrust-related complaints against us. We believe we have adequately responded to all of 
the allegations made against us and continue to cooperate with the EC.
The Comision Nacional de Defensa de la Competencia in Argentina, the Competition Commission of India, the 
Taiwan Fair Trade Commission, Brazil's Council for Economic Defense and the Canadian Competition Bureau have 
also opened investigations into certain of our business practices.
The state attorney general from Mississippi issued subpoenas in 2011 and 2012 in an antitrust investigation of 
our business practices. We have responded to those subpoenas, and we remain willing to cooperate with them if they 
have any further information requests. In November 2014, the Ohio Attorney General's office informed us that it was 
closing its antitrust investigation, which began in May 2011, of our business practices. In May 2014, the Texas Attorney 
General's office informed us that it was closing its antitrust investigation, which began in July 2010, of our business 
practices.
Patent and Intellectual Property Claims
We have had patent, copyright, and trademark infringement lawsuits filed against us claiming that certain of our 
products, services, and technologies infringe the intellectual property rights of others. Adverse results in these lawsuits 
may include awards of substantial monetary damages, costly royalty or licensing agreements, or orders preventing 
us from offering certain features, functionalities, products, or services, and may also cause us to change our business 
practices, and require development of non-infringing products or technologies, which could result in a loss of revenues 
for us and otherwise harm our business. In addition, the U.S. International Trade Commission (ITC) has increasingly 
become an important forum to litigate intellectual property disputes because an ultimate loss for a company or its 
suppliers in an ITC action could result in a prohibition on importing infringing products into the U.S. Since the U.S. is 
an important market, a prohibition on importation could have an adverse effect on us, including preventing us from 
importing many important products into the U.S. or necessitating workarounds that may limit certain features of our 
products.
Furthermore, many of our agreements with our customers and partners require us to indemnify them for certain 
intellectual property infringement claims against them, which would increase our costs as a result of defending such 
claims, and may require that we pay significant damages if there were an adverse ruling in any such claims. Our 
customers and partners may discontinue the use of our products, services, and technologies, as a result of injunctions 
or otherwise, which could result in loss of revenues and adversely impact our business.
Other
We are also regularly subject to claims, suits, government investigations, and other proceedings involving 
competition (such as the pending investigation by the EC described above), intellectual property , privacy , tax, labor 
and employment, commercial disputes, content generated by our users, goods and services offered by advertisers or 
publishers using our platforms, personal injury , consumer protection, and other matters. Such claims, suits, government 
investigations, and other proceedings could result in fines, civil or criminal penalties, or other adverse consequences.
Certain of our outstanding legal matters include speculative claims for substantial or indeterminate amounts of 
damages. We record a liability when we believe that it is probable that a loss has been incurred and the amount can 
be reasonably estimated. If we determine that a loss is possible and a range of the loss can be reasonably estimated, 
we disclose the range of the possible loss. We evaluate, on a monthly basis, developments in our legal matters that 
could affect the amount of liability that has been previously accrued, and the matters and related ranges of possible 
losses disclosed, and make adjustments as appropriate. Significant judgment is required to determine both likelihood 
of there being and the estimated amount of a loss related to such matters.
With respect to our outstanding legal matters, based on our current knowledge, we believe that the amount or 
range of reasonably possible loss will not, either individually or in the aggregate, have a material adverse effect on 
our business, consolidated financial position, results of operations, or cash flows. However , the outcome of such legal 
matters is inherently unpredictable and subject to significant uncertainties.Table of Contents74We expense legal fees in the period in which they are incurred.
Taxes
We are under audit by the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) and various other domestic and foreign tax authorities 
with regards to income tax and indirect tax matters. We have reserved for potential adjustments to our provision for 
income taxes and accrual of indirect taxes that may result from examinations by, or any negotiated agreements with, 
these tax authorities, and we believe that the final outcome of these examinations or agreements will not have a 
material effect on our results of operations. If events occur which indicate payment of these amounts is unnecessary , 
the reversal of the liabilities would result in the recognition of benefits in the period we determine the liabilities are no 
longer necessary . If our estimates of the federal, state, and foreign income tax liabilities and indirect tax liabilities are 
less than the ultimate assessment, it would result in a further charge to expense.
Please see Note 14 for additional information regarding contingencies related to our income taxes.
Note 1 1.    Net Income Per Share
We compute net income per share of Class  A and Class B common stock and Class C capital stock using the 
two-class method. Basic net income per share is computed using the weighted-average number of common shares 
outstanding during the period. Diluted net income per share is computed using the weighted-average number of 
common shares and the effect of potentially dilutive securities outstanding during the period. Potentially dilutive 
securities consist of stock options, restricted stock units, and other contingently issuable shares. The dilutive effect of 
outstanding stock options, restricted stock units, and other contingently issuable shares is reflected in diluted earnings 
per share by application of the treasury stock method. The computation of the diluted net income per share of Class  A 
common stock assumes the conversion of Class B common stock, while the diluted net income per share of Class B 
common stock does not assume the conversion of those shares.
The rights, including the liquidation and dividend rights, of the holders of our Class  A and Class B common stock 
and Class C capital stock are identical, except with respect to voting. Further , there are a number of safeguards built 
into our certificate of incorporation, as well as Delaware law, which preclude our board of directors from declaring or 
paying unequal per share dividends on our Class  A and Class B common stock and Class C capital stock. Specifically , 
Delaware law provides that amendments to our certificate of incorporation which would have the effect of adversely 
altering the rights, powers, or preferences of a given class of stock must be approved by the class of stock adversely 
affected by the proposed amendment. In addition, our certificate of incorporation provides that before any such 
amendment may be put to a stockholder vote, it must be approved by the unanimous consent of our board of directors. 
As a result, the undistributed earnings for each year are allocated based on the contractual participation rights of the 
Class  A and Class B common shares and Class C capital stock as if the earnings for the year had been distributed. 
As the liquidation and dividend rights are identical, the undistributed earnings are allocated on a proportionate basis. 
The net income per share amounts are the same for Class  A and Class B common stock and Class C capital stock 
because the holders of each class are legally entitled to equal per share distributions whether through dividends or in 
liquidation. Further , as we assume the conversion of Class B common stock in the computation of the diluted net 
income per share of Class  A common stock, the undistributed earnings are equal to net income for that computation.
The number of shares and per share amounts for the prior periods presented below have been retroactively 
restated to reflect the Stock Split. Please see Note 1 and Note 12 for additional information on the Stock Split.
The following table sets forth the computation of basic and diluted net income per share of Class  A and Class B 
common stock and Class C capital stock (in millions, except share amounts which are reflected in thousands and per 
share amounts):Table of Contents75  Year Ended December 31,
  2012
  Class A Class B Class C
Basic net income (loss) per share:
Numerator
Allocation of undistributed earnings - continuing operations $4,627 $1,150 $5,776
Allocation of undistributed earnings - discontinued operations (327) (81) (408)
Total $4,300 $1,069 $5,368
Denominator
Number of shares used in per share computation 262,078 65,135 327,213
Basic net income (loss) per share
Continuing operations
$17.66 $17.66 17.66
Discontinued operations (1.25 ) (1.25 ) (1.25 )
Basic net income per share $16.41 $16.41 $16.41
Diluted net income (loss) per share:
Numerator
Allocation of undistributed earnings for basic computation - continuing operations $4,627 $1,150 $5,776
Reallocation of undistributed earnings as a result of conversion 
of Class B to Class  A shares 1,150 0 0
Reallocation of undistributed earnings (1) (17) 1
Allocation of undistributed earnings - continuing operations $5,776 $1,133 $5,777
Allocation of undistributed earnings for basic computation - discontinued operations $ (327)$ (81)$ (408)
Reallocation of undistributed earnings as a result of conversion 
of Class B to Class  A shares (81) 0 0
Reallocation of undistributed earnings 0 1 0
Allocation of undistributed earnings - discontinued operations $ (408)$ (80)$ (408)
Denominator
Number of shares used in basic computation 262,078 65,135 327,213
Weighted-average effect of dilutive securities
Add:
Conversion of Class B to Class A common shares outstanding 65,135 0 0
Employee stock options, including warrants issued under 
Transferable Stock Option program 2,944 34 2,944
Restricted stock units and other contingently issuable shares 2,148 0 2,148
Number of shares used in per share computation 332,305 65,169 332,305
Diluted net income (loss) per share:
Continuing operations $17.39 $17.39 $17.39
Discontinued operations (1.23 ) (1.23 ) (1.23 )
Diluted net income per share $16.16 $16.16 $16.16Table of Contents76  Year Ended December 31,
  2013
  Class A Class B Class C
Basic net income (loss) per share:
Numerator
Allocation of undistributed earnings - continuing operations $5,484 $1,190 $6,673
Allocation of undistributed earnings - discontinued operations (175) (38) (214)
Total $5,309 $1,152 $6,459
Denominator
Number of shares used in per share computation 273,518 59,328 332,846
Basic net income (loss) per share
Continuing operations $20.05 $20.05 $20.05
Discontinued operations (0.64 ) (0.64 ) (0.64 )
Basic net income per share 19.41 $19.41 $19.41
Diluted net income (loss) per share:
Numerator
Allocation of undistributed earnings for basic computation - continuing operations $5,484 $1,190 $6,673
Reallocation of undistributed earnings as a result of conversion 
of Class B to Class  A shares 1,190 0 0
Reallocation of undistributed earnings (1) (21) 1
Allocation of undistributed earnings - continuing operations $6,673 $1,169 $6,674
Allocation of undistributed earnings for basic computation - discontinued operations $ (175)$ (38)$ (214)
Reallocation of undistributed earnings as a result of conversion 
of Class B to Class  A shares (38) 0 0
Reallocation of undistributed earnings (1) 1 1
Allocation of undistributed earnings - discontinued operations $ (214)$ (37)$ (213)
Denominator
Number of shares used in basic computation 273,518 59,328 332,846
Weighted-average effect of dilutive securities
Add:
Conversion of Class B to Class A common shares outstanding 59,328 0 0
Employee stock options, including warrants issued under 
Transferable Stock Option program 2,748 4 2,748
Restricted stock units and other contingently issuable shares 3,215 0 3,215
Number of shares used in per share computation 338,809 59,332 338,809
Diluted net income (loss) per share:
Continuing operations $19.70 $19.70 $19.70
Discontinued operations (0.63 ) (0.63 ) (0.63 )
Diluted net income per share $19.07 $19.07 $19.07Table of Contents77  Year Ended December 31,
  2014
  Class A Class B Class C
Basic net income per share:
Numerator
Allocation of undistributed earnings - continuing operations $5,829 $1,132 $6,967
Allocation of undistributed earnings - discontinued operations 216 42 258
Total $6,045 $1,174 $7,225
Denominator
Number of shares used in per share computation 282,877 54,928 338,130
Basic net income per share
Continuing operations $20.61 $20.61 $20.61
Discontinued operations 0.76 0.76 0.76
Basic net income per share $21.37 $21.37 $21.37
Diluted net income per share:
Numerator
Allocation of undistributed earnings for basic computation - continuing operations $5,829 $1,132 $6,967
Reallocation of undistributed earnings as a result of conversion 
of Class B to Class  A shares 1,132 0 0
Reallocation of undistributed earnings (20) (19) 20
Allocation of undistributed earnings - continuing operations $6,941 $1,113 $6,987
Allocation of undistributed earnings for basic computation - discontinued operations $ 216 $ 42 $ 258
Reallocation of undistributed earnings as a result of conversion 
of Class B to Class  A shares 42 0 0
Reallocation of undistributed earnings (1) (1) 1
Allocation of undistributed earnings - discontinued operations $ 257 $ 41 $ 259
Denominator
Number of shares used in basic computation 282,877 54,928 338,130
Weighted-average effect of dilutive securities
Add:
Conversion of Class B to Class A common shares outstanding 54,928 0 0
Employee stock options 2,057 0 2,038
Restricted stock units and other contingently issuable shares 2,515 0 4,525
Number of shares used in per share computation 342,377 54,928 344,693
Diluted net income per share:
Continuing operations $20.27 $20.27 $20.27
Discontinued operations 0.75 0.75 0.75
Diluted net income per share $21.02 $21.02 $21.02
Note 12.    Stockholders’  Equity  
Convertible Preferred Stock
Our board of directors has authorized 100,000,000  shares of convertible preferred stock, $0.001  par value, 
issuable in series. As of December 31, 2013  and 2014 , there were no shares issued or outstanding.
Class  A and Class B Common Stock and Class C Capital Stock
Our board of directors has authorized three  classes of stock, Class  A and Class B common stock, and Class C 
capital stock. The rights of the holders of each class of stock are identical, except with respect to voting. Each share 
of Class  A common stock is entitled to one vote per share. Each share of Class B common stock is entitled to 10 votes 
per share. Class C capital stock has no voting rights, except as required by applicable law. Shares of Class B common 
stock may be converted at any time at the option of the stockholder and automatically convert upon sale or transfer 
to Class  A common stock.Table of Contents78Stock Split Effected In Form of Stock Dividend
In April 2012, our board of directors approved amendments to our certificate of incorporation that created a new 
class of non-voting capital stock (Class C capital stock).  The amendments authorized 3 billion  shares of Class C capital 
stock and also increased the authorized shares of Class  A common stock from 6 billion  to 9 billion . The amendments 
are reflected in our Fourth Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (New Charter), the adoption of which was 
approved by stockholders at our 2012 Annual Meeting of Stockholders held on June 21, 2012. In January 2014, our 
board of directors approved a distribution of shares of the Class C capital stock as a dividend to our holders of Class 
A and Class B common stock (the Stock Split). The Stock Split had a record date of March 27, 2014 and a payment 
date of April 2, 2014. 
Share and per share amounts disclosed as of December 31, 2014 and for all other comparative periods have 
been retroactively adjusted to reflect the effects of the Stock Split. Except as expressly provided in the New Charter , 
shares of Class C capital stock have the same rights and privileges and rank equally , share ratably and are identical 
in all other respects to the shares of Class  A common stock and Class B common stock as to all matters including 
dividend and distribution rights.
In accordance with a settlement of litigation involving the authorization to distribute the Class C capital stock, we 
may be obligated to make a payment (the Possible Adjustment Payment) to holders of the Class C capital stock if, on 
a volume-weighted average basis, the Class C capital stock trades below the Class A common stock during the first 
365 days following the first date the Class C shares traded on NASDAQ (the Lookback Period), payable in cash, Class 
A common stock, Class C capital stock, or a combination thereof, at the discretion of the board of directors. The amount 
of the Possible Adjustment Payment is dependent on the percentage difference that develops, if any, between the 
volume-weighted average price (VWAP) of Class A and Class C shares during the Lookback Period, as supplied by 
NASDAQ Data-on-Demand. Had we been obligated to make a payment based on the VWAP of the Class A and Class 
C shares from April 3, 2014 through December 31, 2014, the monetary value of the Possible Adjustment Payment 
would have been approximately  $593 million  as of December 31, 2014.
At the end of the Lookback Period, the Possible Adjustment Payment, if any, will be allocated to the numerator 
for calculating net income per share of Class C capital stock from net income available to shareholders and any 
remaining undistributed earnings will be allocated on a pro rata basis to Class A and Class B common stock and Class 
C capital stock based on the number of shares used in the per share computation for each class of stock. In addition, 
the dilutive impact of the Possible Adjustment Payment, if any, is included in the weighted-average effect of dilutive 
securities for Class C capital stock in the year ended December 31, 2014.
The par value per share of our shares of Class  A common stock and Class B common stock remained unchanged 
at $0.001  per share after the Stock Split. On the effective date of the Stock Split, a transfer between retained earnings 
and common stock occurred in an amount equal to the $0.001  par value of the Class C capital stock that was issued.
Stock Plans
During the year ended December 31, 2014 , shares reserved for future grants under the 2004 Stock Plan expired 
and we began granting awards from the 2012 Stock Plan (“Stock Plan”). Under our Stock Plan, RSUs or stock options 
may be granted. An RSU award is an agreement to issue shares of our stock at the time the award vests. Incentive 
and non-qualified stock options, or rights to purchase common stock, are generally granted for a term of 10 years. 
Options and RSUs granted to participants under the Stock Plan generally vest over four years contingent upon 
employment or service with us on the vesting date.
As of December 31, 2014 , there were 17,525,225  shares of stock reserved for future issuance under our Stock 
Plan.
Stock-Based Activities
We estimated the fair value of each option award on the date of grant using the BSM option pricing model. Our 
assumptions about stock price volatility were based exclusively on the implied volatilities of publicly traded options to 
buy our stock with contractual terms closest to the expected life of options granted to our employees. We estimated 
the expected term based upon the historical exercise behavior of our employees. The risk-free interest rate for periods 
within the contractual life of the award were based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of grant. The 
weighted-average estimated fair value of options granted during the years ended December 31, 2012 and 2013 was 
$97.14  and $107.20 , respectively . No options were granted during the year ended December 31, 2014. 
The following table presents the weighted-average assumptions used to estimate the fair values of the stock 
options granted in the periods presented:Table of Contents79  Year Ended December 31,
  2012 2013 2014
Risk-free interest rate 1.0% 0.9% N/A
Expected volatility 29% 29% N/A
Expected life (in years) 5.2 5.8 N/A
Dividend yield 0 0 N/A
The following table summarizes the activities for our options for the year ended December 31, 2014 : 
  Options Outstanding
 Number of
SharesWeighted-
Average
Exercise
PriceWeighted-
Average
Remaining
Contractual
Term
(in years)Aggregate
Intrinsic
Value
(in millions)(1)
Balance at December 31, 2013 10,065,726 $ 215.50
Granted 0 N/A
Exercised (2,328,965 )$ 199.84
Forfeited/canceled (496,342 )$ 293.31
Balance at December 31, 2014 7,240,419 $ 215.56 4.3 $ 2,266
Exercisable as of December 31, 2014 6,213,230 $ 199.57 3.9 $ 2,044
Exercisable as of December 31, 2014 and expected 
to vest thereafter(2)7,129,380 $ 214.06 4.3 $ 2,242
(1)  The aggregate intrinsic value is calculated as the difference between the exercise price of the underlying awards 
and the closing stock prices of $530.66  and $526.40  of our Class  A common stock and Class C capital stock, 
respectively , on December 31, 2014 .
(2)  Options expected to vest reflect an estimated forfeiture rate.
The total grant date fair value of stock options vested during 2012 , 2013 , and 2014  was $489 million , $223 million , 
and $94 million . The aggregate intrinsic value of all options and warrants exercised during 2012 , 2013 , and 2014  was 
$827 million , $1,793 million , and $589 million . These amounts do not include the aggregate sales price of options sold 
under our Transferable Stock Options (TSO) program, which was discontinued as of November 29, 2013.
As of December 31, 2014 , there was $56 million  of unrecognized compensation cost related to outstanding 
employee stock options. This amount is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of 1.2 years. To 
the extent the actual forfeiture rate is different from what we have estimated, stock-based compensation expense 
related to these awards will be different from our expectations.
The following table summarizes the activities for our unvested RSUs for the year ended December 31, 2014 :
  Unvested Restricted Stock Units
     Number of    
SharesWeighted-
Average
Grant-Date
Fair V alue
Unvested at December 31, 2013 21,953,960 $ 359.20
Granted 15,520,343 $ 573.71
Vested (10,742,740 )$ 361.92
Forfeited/canceled (2,112,014 )$ 420.28
Unvested at December 31, 2014 24,619,549 $ 487.80
Expected to vest after December 31, 2014 (1)21,958,176 $ 487.80
(1) RSUs expected to vest reflect an estimated forfeiture rate.
As of December 31, 2014 , there was $9.7 billion  of unrecognized compensation cost related to unvested RSUs. 
This amount is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of 2.9 years. To the extent the actual Table of Contents80forfeiture rate is different from what we have estimated, stock-based compensation expense related to these awards 
will be different from our expectations.
Note 13.    401(k) Plans  
We have two 401(k) Savings Plans (401(k) Plans) that qualify as deferred salary arrangements under Section 401
(k) of the Internal Revenue Code. Under these 401(k) Plans, matching contributions are based upon the amount of 
the employees’  contributions subject to certain limitations. We contributed approximately $164 million , $202 million , 
and $259 million  for the years ended December 31, 2012 , 2013 , and 2014 .
Note 14.    Income T axes  
Income from continuing operations before income taxes included income from domestic operations of $6,447 
million , $7,044 million , and $7,936 million  for the years ended December 31, 2012 , 2013 , and 2014 , and income from 
foreign operations of $8,021 million , $8,855 million , and $9,323 million  for the years ended December 31, 2012 , 2013 , 
and 2014 . 
The provision for income taxes consists of the following (in millions):
Year Ended December 31,
  2012 2013 2014
Current:
Federal $ 2,484 $ 2,217 $ 2,424
State 169 117 140
Foreign 312 711 774
Total 2,965 3,045 3,338
Deferred:
Federal (109) (421) 29
State 5 0 7
Foreign 55 (72) (43)
Total (49) (493) (7)
Provision for income taxes $ 2,916 $ 2,552 $ 3,331
The reconciliation of federal statutory income tax rate to our ef fective income tax rate is as follows (in millions):
  Year Ended December 31,
  2012 2013 2014
Expected provision at federal statutory tax rate (35%) $ 5,064 $ 5,567 $ 6,041
State taxes, net of federal benefit 114 123 115
Change in valuation allowance 1,921 (641) (164)
Foreign rate differential (2,208 ) (2,659 ) (2,400 )
Federal research credit 0 (433) (318)
Basis difference in investment of Arris (1,960 ) 644 0
Other adjustments (15) (49) 57
Provision for income taxes $ 2,916 $ 2,552 $ 3,331
A one-year retroactive extension of the research credit from January 1, 2014, through December 31, 2014, was 
signed into law on December 19, 2014 in accordance with the Tax Increase Prevention Act of 2014. 
A retroactive extension of the 2012 federal research and development credit was signed into law on January 2, 
2013 in accordance with The American Taxpayer Act of 2012. The benefit of $189 million  related to the 2012 federal 
research and development credit is included in the year ended December 31, 2013.
We have not provided U.S. income taxes and foreign withholding taxes on the undistributed earnings of foreign 
subsidiaries as of December 31, 2014  because we intend to permanently reinvest such earnings outside the U.S. If 
these foreign earnings were to be repatriated in the future, the related U.S. tax liability may be reduced by any foreign 
income taxes previously paid on these earnings. As of December 31, 2014 , the cumulative amount of earnings upon Table of Contents81which U.S. income taxes have not been provided is approximately $47.4 billion . Determination of the amount of 
unrecognized deferred tax liability related to these earnings is not practicable.
Deferred Income Taxes
Deferred income taxes reflect the net effects of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets 
and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes. Significant components 
of our deferred tax assets and liabilities are as follows (in millions):
  As of December 31,
  2013 2014
Deferred tax assets:
Stock-based compensation expense $ 283 $ 376
State taxes 204 133
Investment loss 266 133
Legal settlement accruals 45 175
Accrued employee benefits 477 671
Accruals and reserves not currently deductible 390 175
Net operating losses 279 207
Tax credits 394 262
Basis difference in investment of Arris 1,372 1,347
Other 250 243
Total deferred tax assets 3,960 3,722
Valuation allowance (1,899 ) (1,659 )
Total deferred tax assets net of valuation allowance 2,061 2,063
Deferred tax liabilities:
Depreciation and amortization (537) (852)
Identified intangibles (1,479 ) (965)
Mark-to-market investments 6 (273)
Renewable energy investments (223) (430)
Other (185) (123)
Total deferred tax liabilities (2,418 ) (2,643 )
Net deferred tax liabilities $ (357)$ (580)
As of December 31, 2014 , our federal and state net operating loss carryforwards for income tax purposes were 
approximately $554 million  and $400 million . If not utilized, the federal net operating loss carryforwards will begin to 
expire in 2021 and the state net operating loss carryforwards will begin to expire in 2015. The net operating loss 
carryforwards are subject to various annual limitations under the tax laws of the different jurisdictions.
As of December 31, 2014 , our California research and development credit carryforwards for income tax purposes 
were approximately $734 million  that can be carried over indefinitely . We believe it is more likely than not that a portion 
of the state tax credit will not be realized. Therefore, we have recorded a full valuation allowance on the state tax credit 
carryforward. We will reassess the valuation allowance quarterly and if future evidence allows for a partial or full release 
of the valuation allowance, a tax benefit will be recorded accordingly .
As of December 31, 2014 , our foreign tax credit carryforwards for income tax purposes were approximately $82 
million , which will start to expire in 2021.  We believe it is more likely than not that all of the foreign tax credit will be 
realized.  We will reassess the need for a valuation allowance quarterly and if future evidence supports a need to 
establish a valuation allowance, then a tax expense will be recorded accordingly .
As of December 31, 2014 , we fully utilized our federal capital loss carryforwards for income tax purpose. On the 
other hand, our state capital loss carryforwards for income tax purpose as of December 31, 2014  were $379 million . 
We also have deferred tax assets for impairment losses that, if recognized, will be capital in nature. We believe that 
it is more likely than not that our deferred tax assets for capital losses and impairment losses will not be realized. 
Therefore, we have recorded a valuation allowance on both our federal and state deferred tax assets for these items. Table of Contents82We will reassess the valuation allowance quarterly and if future evidence allows for a partial or full release of the 
valuation allowance, a tax benefit will be recorded accordingly .
In December 2012, we entered into an agreement with Arris for the sale of the Motorola Home business. A 
deferred tax asset was established for the book-to-tax basis difference in our investment in the Motorola Home business 
upon signing the agreement because the basis difference was going to be recognized in the foreseeable future. In 
April 2013, upon the sale of the Motorola Home business to Arris, our basis difference in the Motorola Home business 
became a basis difference in Google’ s investment in Arris shares received in the sale and was adjusted by the amount 
of cash received as part of the transaction.  Since any future losses to be recognized upon the sale of Arris shares will 
be capital losses, a valuation allowance was recorded against this deferred tax asset to the extent such deferred tax 
asset is not covered by capital gain generated during 2014. We will reassess the valuation allowance quarterly and if 
future evidence allows for a partial or full release of the valuation allowance, a tax benefit will be recorded accordingly .
Uncertain Tax Positions
The following table summarizes the activity related to our gross unrecognized tax benefits from January 1, 2012 
to December 31, 2014  (in millions):
Balance as of January 1, 2012 $ 1,564
Increases related to prior year tax positions 60
Decreases related to prior year tax positions (40)
Decreases related to settlement with tax authorities (62)
Increases related to current year tax positions 411
Balance as of December 31, 2012 1,933
Increases related to prior year tax positions 158
Decreases related to prior year tax positions (37)
Decreases related to settlement with tax authorities (78)
Increases related to current year tax positions 595
Balance as of December 31, 2013 2,571
Increases related to prior year tax positions 66
Decreases related to prior year tax positions (44)
Decreases related to settlement with tax authorities (1)
Increases related to current year tax positions 820
Balance as of December 31, 2014 $ 3,412
Our total unrecognized tax benefits that, if recognized, would affect our effective tax rate were $1,749 million , 
$2,378 million , and $3,026 million  as of December 31, 2012 , 2013 , and 2014 .
As of December 31, 2013  and 2014 , we had accrued $181 million  and $215 million  in interest and penalties in 
provision for income taxes.
We and our subsidiaries are routinely examined by various taxing authorities. Although we file U.S. federal, U.S. 
state, and foreign tax returns, our two major tax jurisdictions are the U.S. and Ireland. During the quarter ended 
December 31, 2007, the IRS completed its examination of our 2003 and 2004 tax years. We have filed an appeal with 
the IRS for certain issues related to this audit and settlements were reached in 2012 on all but one issue which we 
plan to litigate in court. As a result we released the related reserves in the quarter ended December 31, 2012. The 
IRS is currently in examination of our 2007, 2008, and 2009 tax years. We expect the examination to be completed 
within the next 12 months, but we do not anticipate any significant impact to our unrecognized tax benefit balance as 
of December 31, 2014, related to our 2007, 2008, and 2009 tax years.
Our 2010, 2011, 2012, 2013, and 2014 tax years remain subject to examination by the IRS for U.S. federal tax 
purposes, and our 2010 through 2014 tax years remain subject to examination by the appropriate governmental 
agencies for Irish tax purposes. There are other ongoing audits in various other jurisdictions that are not material to 
our financial statements. 
We have also received tax assessments in multiple foreign jurisdictions asserting transfer pricing adjustments 
or permanent establishment.  We continue to defend any and all such claims as presented.  While we believe it is 
more likely than not that our tax position will be sustained, it is reasonably possible that we will have future obligations 
related to these matters.  Table of Contents83Note 15.    Information about Segments and Geographic Areas  
Subsequent to the completion of our sale of the Motorola Mobile business on October 29, 2014, we operate as 
a single operating segment. Our chief operating decision maker reviews financial information presented on a 
consolidated basis for purposes of allocating resources and evaluating financial performance. 
Revenues by geography are based on the billing addresses of our customers. The following tables set forth 
revenues and long-lived assets by geographic area (in millions):
  Year Ended December 31,
  2012 2013 2014
Revenues:
United States $ 21,287 $ 24,752 $ 28,139
United Kingdom 4,846 5,600 6,483
Rest of the world 19,906 25,167 31,379
Total revenues $ 46,039 $ 55,519 $ 66,001
  As of December 31,
  2013 (1)2014
Long-lived assets:
United States $ 24,004 $ 37,355
International 14,030 13,093
Total long-lived assets $ 38,034 $ 50,448
(1) Includes the long-lived assets from the Motorola Mobile segment as of December 31, 2013.
Note 16.    Subsequent Event
Investment in SpaceX
On January 20, 2015, we invested $900 million  in SpaceX, a space exploration and space transport company , 
to support continued innovation in the areas of space transport, reusability , and satellite manufacturing. We are currently 
evaluating the transaction and its impact on our financial statements.
ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL
DISCLOSURE
None.
ITEM 9A
.CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES
Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures
Our management, with the participation of our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, evaluated the 
effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures pursuant to Rule 13a-15 under the Exchange Act, as of the 
end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K.
Based on this evaluation, our chief executive officer and chief financial officer concluded that, as of December 
31, 2014 , our disclosure controls and procedures are designed at a reasonable assurance level and are effective to 
provide reasonable assurance that information we are required to disclose in reports that we file or submit under the 
Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC’ s rules 
and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our chief 
executive officer and chief financial officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.
Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting
There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the quarter ended 
December 31, 2014  that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over 
financial reporting.
Management’ s Report on Internal Control over Financial ReportingTable of Contents84Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, 
as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) of the Exchange Act. Our management conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of 
our internal control over financial reporting based on the framework in Internal Control—Integrated Framework  issued 
by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework). Based on this 
evaluation, management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 
2014 . Management reviewed the results of its assessment with our Audit Committee. The effectiveness of our internal 
control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2014  has been audited by Ernst & Young LLP, an independent 
registered public accounting firm, as stated in its report which is included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-
K.
Limitations on Effectiveness of Controls and Procedures
In designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures, management recognizes that any controls 
and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the 
desired control objectives. In addition, the design of disclosure controls and procedures must reflect the fact that there 
are resource constraints and that management is required to apply its judgment in evaluating the benefits of possible 
controls and procedures relative to their costs.
ITEM 9B
.OTHER INFORMATION
None.
PART III
ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
The information required by this item will be included under the caption “Directors, Executive Officers and 
Corporate Governance” in our Proxy Statement for the 2015  Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed with the SEC 
within 120 days of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2014  (2015 Proxy Statement) and is incorporated herein by 
reference. The information required by this item regarding delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K will 
be included under the caption “Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance” in the 2015  Proxy Statement 
and is incorporated herein by reference.
ITEM 11
.EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION
The information required by this item will be included under the captions “Director Compensation,” “Executive 
Compensation” and “Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance—Corporate Governance and Board 
Matters—Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation” in the 2015  Proxy Statement and is 
incorporated herein by reference.
ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND
RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS
The information required by this item will be included under the captions “Common Stock Ownership of Certain 
Beneficial Owners and Management” and “Equity Compensation Plan Information” in the 2015  Proxy Statement and 
is incorporated herein by reference.
ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE
The information required by this item will be included under the captions “Certain Relationships and Related 
Transactions” and “Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance—Corporate Governance and Board 
Matters—Director Independence” in the 2015  Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference.
ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES
The information required by this item will be included under the caption “Independent Registered Public Accounting 
Firm” in the 2015  Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference.Table of ContentsPART IV
ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES
(a) We have filed the following documents as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K:
1. Consolidated Financial Statements
Financial Statements:
2. Financial Statement Schedules
Schedule II: V aluation and Qualifying Accounts
Balance at
Beginning of
Year Additions UsageBalance at
End of  Year
(In millions)
Year ended December 31, 2012 $ 133 $ 1,263 $ (815)$ 581
Year ended December 31, 2013 $ 581 $ 1,128 $ (1,078 )$ 631
Year ended December 31, 2014 $ 631 $ 1,240 $ (1,646 )$ 225
Note: Additions to the allowance for doubtful accounts are charged to expense. Additions to the allowance for sales credits are charged against 
revenues. For the year ended December 31, 2012, 2013, and 2014, additions included the impact from the Motorola acquisition. For the 
years ended December 31, 2013 and 2014, usages include the impact from the sale of Motorola Home and Mobile businesses, respectively .
All other schedules have been omitted because they are not required, not applicable, or the required information 
is otherwise included.
3. Exhibits
See the Exhibit Index immediately following the signature page of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.Table of Contents
Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 42
Consolidated Balance Sheets 44
Consolidated Statements of Income 45
Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 46
Consolidated Statements of Stockholders’  Equity 47
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 48
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 50SIGNA TURES
Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has 
duly caused this Annual Report on Form 10-K to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.
Date: February 6, 2015  
 
GOOGLE INC.
By: /S/    L ARR Y PAGE        
Larry Page
Chief Executive Officer
POWER OF ATTORNEY
KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes 
and appoints Larry Page and Patrick Pichette, jointly and severally , his or her attorney-in-fact, with the power of 
substitution, for him or her in any and all capacities, to sign any amendments to this Annual Report on Form 10-K and 
to file the same, with exhibits thereto and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange 
Commission, hereby ratifying and confirming all that each of said attorneys-in-fact, or his or her substitute or substitutes, 
may do or cause to be done by virtue hereof.
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this Annual Report on Form 10-K has been 
signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.
 Table of ContentsSignature Title Date
/S/    L ARR Y PAGE        Chief Executive Officer, Co-Founder and
Director (Principal Executive Officer)February 6, 2015
Larry Page
/S/    P ATRICK  PICHETTE        Senior Vice President and Chief Financial
Officer (Principal Financial and
Accounting Officer)February 6, 2015
Patrick Pichette
/S/    E RIC E. S CHMIDT          Executive ChairmanFebruary 6, 2015
Eric E. Schmidt
/S/    S ERGEY  BRIN         Co-Founder and DirectorFebruary 6, 2015
Sergey Brin
/S/    L. J OHN DOERR         DirectorFebruary 6, 2015
L. John Doerr
/S/    D IANE B. G REENE         DirectorFebruary 6, 2015
Diane B. Greene
/S/    J OHN L. H ENNESSY          DirectorFebruary 6, 2015
John L. Hennessy
/S/   ANN MATHER        DirectorFebruary 6, 2015
Ann Mather
/S/    ALAN R. MULALL Y DirectorFebruary 6, 2015
Alan R. Mulally
/S/    P AUL S. O TELLINI DirectorFebruary 6, 2015
Paul S. Otellini
/S/    K. R AM SHRIRAM        DirectorFebruary 6, 2015
K. Ram Shriram
/S/    S HIRLEY  M. TILGHMAN         DirectorFebruary 6, 2015
Shirley M. TilghmanTable of ContentsEXHIBIT INDEX
 
Exhibit
Number DescriptionIncorporated by reference herein
Form Date
3.01 Fourth Amended and Restated Certificate of
Incorporation of RegistrantQuarterly Report on Form 10-Q
(File No. 000-50726)July 24, 2012
3.02 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Registrant Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q
(File No. 000-50726)July 24, 2012
4.01 Specimen Class A Common Stock certificate Registration Statement on
Form 8-A, (File No. 001-36380)March 26, 2014
4.02 Specimen Class B Common Stock certificate Registration Statement on
Form 8-A (File No. 001-36380)March 26, 2014
4.03 Specimen Class C Capital Stock certificate Registration Statement on
Form 8-A (File No. 001-36380)March 26, 2014
4.04
 Indenture, dated as of May 19, 2011
between Google Inc. and The Bank of New
York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee  Current Report on Form 8-K
(File No. 000-50726)   May 19, 2011
4.05
 Form of 2.125% Note due 2016   Current Report on Form 8-K
(File No. 000-50726)   May 19, 2011
4.06
 Form of 3.625% Note due 2021   Current Report on Form 8-K
(File No. 000-50726)   May 19, 2011
4.07 Form of 3.375% Note due 2024 Current Report on Form 8-K
(File No. 000-50726)February 25, 2014
4.08
 Deferred Compensation Plan   Registration Statement on
Form S-8
(File No. 333-175180)   June 28, 2011
4.09
 Amendment No. 1 to the Deferred
Compensation Plan  Annual Report on Form 10-K
(File No. 000-50726)  January 26, 2012
4.10 Terms of Revised Stipulation of Compromise
and Settlement of In Re: Google Inc. Class C
Shareholder Litigation (Consol. C.A. No.
7469-CS)Registration Statement on
Form 8-A (File No. 001-36380)March 26, 2014
4.11 Transfer Restriction Agreement, dated March
25, 2014, between Google Inc. and Larry
PageCurrent Report on Form 8-K
(File No. 000-50726)March 26, 2014
4.12 Joinder Agreement, dated October 23, 2014,
among Google Inc., Larry Page and his
Permitted EntitiesQuarterly Report on Form 10-Q
(File No. 001-36380)October 23, 2014
4.13 Transfer Restriction Agreement, dated March
25, 2014, between Google Inc. and Sergey
BrinCurrent Report on Form 8-K
(File No. 000-50726)March 26, 2014
4.14 Joinder Agreement, dated October 23, 2014,
among Google Inc., Sergey Brin and his
Permitted EntitiesQuarterly Report on Form 10-Q
(File No. 001-36380)October 23, 2014
4.15 Transfer Restriction Agreement, dated March
25, 2014, between Google Inc. and Eric E.
Schmidt and certain of its affiliatesCurrent Report on Form 8-K
(File No. 000-50726)March 26, 2014
10.01 Form of Indemnification Agreement entered
into between Registrant, its affiliates and its
directors and officersRegistration Statement on 
Form S-1, as amended 
(File No. 333-1 14984)July 12, 2004
10.02 Letter Agreement, dated July 9, 2014,
between Alan R. Mulally and Google Inc.Current Report on Form 8-K
(File No. 001-36380)July 15, 2014
10.03 Transition Letter, dated July 18, 2014,
between Nikesh Arora and Google Inc.Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q
(File No. 001-36380)October 23, 2014
10.04 Separation Agreement and Release, dated
August 20, 2014, between Nikesh Arora and
Google Inc.Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q
(File No. 001-36380)October 23, 2014Table of ContentsExhibit
Number DescriptionIncorporated by reference herein
Form Date
10.05
 2004 Stock Plan, as amended Current Report on Form 8-K
(File No. 000-50726)June 7, 2011
10.05.1
 2004 Stock Plan—Form of stock option
agreementAnnual Report on Form 10-K
(File No. 000-50726)March 30, 2005
10.05.2
 2004 Stock Plan—Form of restricted stock
unit agreementAnnual Report on Form 10-K
(File No. 000-50726)March 30, 2005
10.05.3
 2004 Stock Plan—Amendment to stock
option agreementsRegistration Statement on
Form S-3 (File No.
333-142243)April 20, 2007
10.06
 Google Inc. 2012 Stock Plan Current Report on Form 8-K
(File No. 333-00050726)June 26, 2012
10.06.1
 Google 2012 Stock Plan – Form of Google
Restricted Stock Unit AgreementAnnual Report on Form 10-K
(File No. 000-50726)February 12, 2014
10.06.2
 Google 2012 Stock Plan – Form of Google
Stock Options AgreementAnnual Report on Form 10-K
(File No. 000-50726)February 12, 2014
10.07
 Google Inc. 2012 Incentive Compensation
Plan for Employees and Consultants of
Motorola MobilityCurrent Report on Form 8-K
(File No. 333-00050726)June 26, 2012
10.08
 Motorola Mobility Holdings, Inc. 2011
Incentive Compensation PlanRegistration Statement on 
Form S-8 
(File No. 333-181661)May 24, 2012
10.09
 AdMob, Inc. 2006 Stock Plan and UK Sub-
Plan of the AdMob, Inc. 2006 Stock PlanRegistration Statement on 
Form S-8 filed 
(File No. 333-16741 1)June 9, 2010
10.10
 Click Holding Corp. 2005 Stock Incentive
PlanRegistration Statement on 
Form S-8 
(File No. 333-149956)March 28, 2008
12 *Computation of Earnings to Fixed Charge
Ratios
21.01 *Subsidiaries of the Registrant
23.01 *Consent of Independent Registered Public
Accounting Firm
24.01 *Power of Attorney (incorporated by reference
to the signature page of this Annual Report
on Form 10-K)
31.01 *Certification of Chief Executive Officer
pursuant to Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a)
and 15d-14(a), as adopted pursuant to
Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
2002
31.02 *Certification of Chief Financial Officer
pursuant to Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a)
and 15d-14(a), as adopted pursuant to
Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
2002
32.01 ‡Certifications of Chief Executive Officer and
Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C.
Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to
Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
2002
101.INS XBRL Instance Document
101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema
Document
101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation
Linkbase DocumentTable of ContentsExhibit
Number DescriptionIncorporated by reference herein
Form Date
101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition
Linkbase Document
101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase
Document
101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation
Linkbase Document
_________________
Indicates management compensatory plan, contract, or arrangement.
* Filed herewith.
‡ Furnished herewith.Table of Contents