Table of ContentsUNITED STATES
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
Washington, D.C. 20549
____________________________________________________________________________________________
FORM 
10-K☒
ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934For the fiscal year ended 
January 26, 2020 OR
☐
TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934Commission file number: 
0-23985  
 
  NVIDIA CORP
ORATION (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)
Delaware
94-3177549 (State or other jurisdiction of
(I.R.S. Employer Incorporation or Organization)
Identification No.) 2788 San Tomas Expressway
Santa Clara
,  California  95051(
408) 486-2000(Address, including zip code, and telephone number, inc
luding area code, of principal executive offices)Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:
Title of each class
Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered Common Stock, $0.001
 par value per shareNVDA The Nasdaq Global Select  MarketSecurities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:
None
Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act.
    Yes  ☒ No ☐Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13
 or Section 15(d) of the Act.    Yes ☐  No ☒Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
 Act of 1934 during the preceding 12months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such 
filing requirements for the past 90 days.    Yes  ☒ No☐
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T
(§232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files).  
  Yes  ☒ No ☐Indicate
 by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growthcompany. See definitions of “large accelerated filer”, “accelerated filer”, “smaller reporting company”, and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.
Large accelerated filer
☒ Accelerated filer ☐ Non-accelerated filer ☐ Smaller reportingcompany
☐ Emerging growth company☐ If
 an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financialaccounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act
.    ☐ Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act).  
  Yes ☐  No ☒ The aggregate market value of the voting stock held by non-affiliates of the
 registrant as of July 26, 2019 was approximately $102.15 billion  (based on the closing sales price of the
 registrant's common stock as reported by the Nasdaq Global Select Market on July 26, 2019). This calculation excludes 26 million shares held by directors and executiveofficers
 of the registrant. This calculation does not exclude shares held by such organizations whose ownership exceeds 5% of the registrant's outstanding common stock thathave represented to the registrant that they are registered investment advisers or investment companies registered under section 8 of the
 Investment Company Act of 1940.The number of shares of common stock outstanding as of 
February 14, 2020  was 612 million . DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE
Portions
 of the registrant's Proxy Statement for its 2020 Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Regulation 14Anot
 later than 120 days after the end of the fiscal year covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K are incorporated by reference into Part III, Items 10-14 of this AnnualReport on Form 10-K.
Table of ContentsNVIDIA CORPORATION
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
 Page  
 PART I
  
Item 1.
 Business
 4 
Item 1A.
 Risk Factors
 12 
Item 1B.
 Unresolved Staff Comments
 20 
Item 2.
 Properties
 20 
Item 3.
 Legal Proceedings
 20 
Item 4.
Mine Safety Disclosures  20 
 PART II
  
Item 5.
 Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Sec
urities 21 
Item 6.
 Selected Financial Data
23  
Item 7.
 Management’s Discussion and An
alysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 24 
Item 7A.
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures Ab
out Market Risk 32 
Item 8.
 Financial Statements
 and Supplementary Data 33 
Item 9.
 Changes in and Disagreeme
nts With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 33 
Item 9A.
 Controls and Procedures
 33 
Item 9B.
 Other Info
rmation 34 
 PART III
  
Item 10.
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance
 34 
Item 11.
 Executive Compensation
 35 
Item 12.
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners an
d Management and Related Stockholder Matters35  
Item 13.
 Certain Relationships and R
elated Transactions, and Director Independence35  
Item 14.
 Principal Accounting Fees
 and Services 35 
 PART IV
  
Item 15.
 Exhibits, Financial S
tatement Schedules 36 
Signatures
  742
Table of ContentsWHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION
Investors
 and  others  should  note  that  we  announce  material  financial  information  to  our  investors  using  our  investor  relations  website,  pressreleases,
 SEC  filings  and  public  conference  calls  and  webcasts.  We  also  use  the  following  social  media  channels  as  a  means  of  disclosinginformation
 about the company, our products, our planned financial and other announcements and attendance at upcoming investor and industryconferences, and other matters and for complying with our disclosure obl
igations under Regulation FD:NVIDIA Twitter Account (https://twitter.com/nvidia)
NVIDIA Company Blog (http://blogs.nvidia.com)
NVIDIA Facebook Page (https://www.facebook.com/nvidia)
NVIDIA LinkedIn Page (http://www.linkedin.com/compa
ny/nvidia)NVIDIA Instagram Page (https://www.instagram.com/nvidia)
In addition, investors and others can view NVIDIA vide
os on YouTube.The
 information we post through these social media channels may be deemed material. Accordingly, investors should monitor these accounts andthe
 blog, in addition to following our press releases, SEC filings and public conference calls and webcasts. This list may be updated from time totime.
 The information we post through these channels is not a part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. These channels may be updated from timeto time on NVIDIA's investor relations website.
Forward-Looking Statements
This
 Annual  Report  on  Form  10-K  contains  forward-looking  statements  within  the  meaning  of  Section  27A  of  the  Securities  Act  of  1933,  asamended,
 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, which are subject to the “safe harbor” created by those sections.Forward-looking
 statements are based on our management's beliefs and assumptions and on information currently available to our management. Insome
 cases,  you  can  identify  forward-looking  statements  by  terms  such  as  “may,”  “will,”  “should,”  “could,”  “goal,”  “would,”  “expect,”  “plan,”“anticipate,”
 “believe,”  “estimate,”  “project,”  “predict,”  “potential”  and  similar  expressions  intended  to  identify  forward-looking  statements.  Thesestatements
 involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, which may cause our actual results, performance, time frames orachievements
 to be materially different from any future results, performance, time frames or achievements expressed or implied by the forward-looking
 statements. We discuss many of these risks, uncertainties and other factors in this Annual Report on Form 10-K in greater detail under theheading “Risk Factors.” Given
 these risks, uncertainties and other factors, you should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements.Also,
 these  forward-looking  statements  represent  our  estimates  and  assumptions  only  as  of  the  date  of  this  filing.  You  should  read  this  AnnualReport
 on Form 10-K completely and with the understanding that our actual future results may be materially different from what we expect. Wehereby
 qualify our forward-looking statements by these cautionary statements. Except as required by law, we assume no obligation to update theseforward-looking
 statements publicly, or to update the reasons actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-lookingstatements, even if new information becomes available i
n the future.All references to “NVIDIA,” “we,” “us,” “our” or the “Company” mean NVIDIA Corporation and its subsidiaries.
In addition, statements that
 “we believe” and similar statements reflect our beliefs and opinions on the relevant subject. These statements are basedupon information availabl
e to us as of the filing date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K , and while we believe such information forms a reasonablebasis for such statements, such information may be limited or incomplete, and our statements should not be rea
d to indicate that we have conductedan
 exhaustive inquiry into, or review of, all potentially available relevant information. These statements are inherently uncertain and investors arecautioned not to unduly rely upon these statements.
©
 2020  NVIDIA  Corporation.  All  rights  reserved.  NVIDIA,  the  NVIDIA  logo,  GeForce,  Quadro,  Tegra,  Tesla,  CUDA,  CUDA-X  AI,  GeForceExperience,
 GeForce  NOW,  GeForce  RTX,  G-SYNC,  Jetson,  NVIDIA  Clara,  NVIDIA  DesignWorks,  NVIDIA  DGX,  NVIDIA  DGX  SUPERPOD,NVIDIA
 DRIVE, NVIDIA DRIVE Constellation, NVIDIA GameWorks, NVIDIA GRID, NVIDIA Omniverse, NVIDIA RTX, NVIDIA VRWorks, NVLink,NVSwitch,
 Quadro RTX, SHIELD and TensorRT are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of NVIDIA Corporation in the United States and/orother
 countries.  Other  company  and product  names  may  be trademarks  of the  respective  companies  with  which they  are associated.  Features,pricing, availability, and specific
ations are subject to change without notice.3
Table of ContentsPART I
ITEM 1. BUSINESS
Our Company
NVIDIA
 pioneered accelerated computing to help solve the most challenging computational  problems.  Starting with a focus on PC graphics, weextended
 our  focus  in  recent  years  to  the  revolutionary  field  of  artificial  intelligence,  or  AI.  Fueled  by  the  sustained  demand  for  exceptional  3Dgraphics
 and the scale of the gaming market, NVIDIA leveraged its GPU architecture to create platforms for virtual reality, or VR, high performancecomputing, or HPC, and AI.
The
 GPU was initially used to simulate human imagination, enabling the virtual worlds of video games and films. Today, it also simulates humanintelligence,
 enabling a deeper understanding of the physical world. Its parallel processing capabilities, supported by up to thousands of computingcores, are
 essential to running deep learning algorithms. This form of AI, in which software writes itself by learning from data, can serve as the brainof
 computers, robots and self-driving cars that can perceive and understand the world. GPU-powered deep learning continues to be adopted bythousands of enterprises to deliver services and features that woul
d have been impossible with traditional coding.NVIDIA
 has a platform strategy, bringing together hardware, system software, programmable algorithms, libraries, systems, and services to createunique
 value  for  the  markets  we  serve.  While  the  requirements  of  these  end  markets  are  diverse,  we  address  them  with  a  unified  underlyingarchitecture
 leveraging our GPUs and software stacks. The programmable nature of our architecture allows us to support several multi-billion-dollarend
 markets with the same underlying technology by using a variety of software stacks developed either internally or by third party developers andpartners.
 The large and growing number of developers across our platforms strengthens our ecosystem and increases the value of our platform toour customers.
Innovation
 is at our core. We invested over $20 billion in research and development since our inception, yielding inventions that are essential tomodern computing. Our
 invention of the GPU in 1999 defined modern computer graphics and established NVIDIA as the leader in visual computing.With
 our introduction of the CUDA programming model in 2006, we opened the parallel processing capabilities of the GPU for general purposecomputing.
 This approach significantly accelerates the performance of the most demanding applications in HPC in fields such as aerospace, bio-science research, mechanical and fluid simu
lations, and energy exploration. Today, our GPUs power many of the fastest supercomputers across theworld.
 In addition, the massively parallel compute architecture of our GPUs and associated software are well suited for deep learning and machinelearning,
 powering the era of AI. While traditional CPU-based approaches no longer deliver advances on the pace described by Moore’s Law, wedeliver GPU performance improvements on a pace ahead of Moore’s L
aw, giving the industry a path forward.Gamers
 choose  NVIDIA  GPUs  to  enjoy  immersive,  increasingly  cinematic  virtual  worlds.  GPUs  also  help  underpin  the  world’s  fastest  growingspectator
 sport,  eSports,  which  attracts  hundreds  of  millions  of  viewers  to  watch  top-quality  gaming.  A  rapidly  growing  genre  of  Battle  Royalegames, such as Fortnite, is also expanding the gaming market.
Researchers
 use our GPUs to accelerate a wide range of important applications, from simulating molecular dynamics to weather forecasting. Withsupport
 for more than over 600 applications - including the top 15 HPC applications - NVIDIA GPUs enable some of the most promising areas ofdiscovery,
 from  weather  prediction  to  materials  science  and  from  wind  tunnel  simulation  to  genomics.  NVIDIA  GPUs  power  the  top  twosupercomputers
 in  the  world,  located  at  Oak  Ridge  and  Lawrence  Livermore  National  Laboratories  in  the  United  States,  as  well  as  the  topsupercomputers in Europe and Japan. In all, NVIDIA po
wers 136 of the TOP500 supercomputers.The world’s
 leading cloud service providers use our GPUs to enable, accelerate or enrich the services they deliver to billions of end-users, includingsearch, social networking, online sho
pping, live video, translation, AI assistants, navigation, and cloud computing.A
 rapidly  growing  number  of  enterprises  and  startups  use  our  GPUs  for  deep  learning  that  meets,  and  in  several  cases  surpasses,  humanperception,
 in fields ranging from radiology to precision agriculture. For example, the transportation industry is turning to our GPUs and AI to enableautonomous vehicles, or AVs, with several hundre
d companies and organizations working with NVIDIA’s DRIVE platform.Professional designers use our GPUs to create visual effects in movies a
nd design products ranging from soft drink bottles to commercial aircraft.Headquartered in Santa Clara, Cal
ifornia, NVIDIA was incorporated in California in April 1993 and reincorporated in Delaware in April 1998.4
Table of ContentsOur Businesses
Our
 two reportable segments - GPU and Tegra Processor - are based on a single underlying architecture. Our GPU product brands are aimed atspecial
ized markets including GeForce for gamers; Quadro for designers; Tesla and DGX for AI data scientists and big data researchers; and GRIDfor
 cloud-based visual computing users. Our Tegra brand integrates an entire computer onto a single chip, and incorporates GPUs and multi-coreCPUs
 to  drive  supercomputing  for  autonomous  robots,  drones,  and  cars,  as  well  as  for  game  consoles  and  mobile  gaming  and  entertainmentdevices.
GPU
∙ GeForce for PC gaming and mainstream PCs 
∙ GeForce NOW for cloud-based gaming 
∙Quadro for  design  professionals  working  in  computer-aided  design,  video  editing,  special  effects,  and  other  creativeapplications
 
∙Tesla for  AI utilizing deep learning and accelerated computing, leveraging the parallel computing capabilities of GPUsfor general purpose computing
 
∙ GRID to provide the power of NVIDIA graphics through the cloud an d data centers 
∙ DGX for AI scientists, researchers and developers  
∙ EGX for accelerated AI computing at the edge  
  Tegra Processor∙ Tegra processors are primarily designed to enable branded platforms - AGX and SHIELD 
∙SHIELD devices  and services designed to harness the power of mobile-cloud to revolutionize home entertainment, AIand gaming
 
∙ AGX is a power-efficient AI computing platform for intelligent edge devic es, including: 
 - DRIVE AGX for self-driving vehicles  
 - Clara AGX for medical instruments  
 - Jetson AGX for robotics and other embedded use Our Markets
We
 specialize  in  markets  in  which  GPU-based  visual  computing  and  accelerated  computing  platforms  can  provide  tremendous  throughput  forapplications.
 These platforms incorporate processors, systems software, programmable algorithms, systems, and services to deliver value that isunique
 in the marketplace. From our proprietary processors, we created platforms that address four large markets where our expertise is critical:Gaming, Professional Visualizatio
n, Data Center, and Automotive.Gaming
Computer
 gaming is the largest entertainment industry. Many factors propel computer gaming’s growth, including new high production value gamesand franchises, the rise of competitive online gaming, eS
ports, and the rise of virtual and augmented reality.Our
 GPUs  enhance  the  gaming  experience  by  improving  the  visual  quality  of  graphics,  increasing  the  frame  rate  for  smoother  gameplay  andimproving realism
 by incorporating the behavior of light and physical objects. These can be enjoyed independently or together to extend the gamingexperience across platforms.
Our
 gaming platforms utilize sophisticated 3D software and algorithms, including our GameWorks libraries that provide special effects for games.We
 further  enhance  gaming  with  GeForce  Experience,  our  gaming  application  that  optimizes  the  PC  user’s  settings  for  each  title  and  enablesplayers to record and share gameplay.
We
 developed NVIDIA RTX ray tracing technology to enable real-time, cinematic-quality rendering in the RTX line-up of our gaming platforms. Raytracing,
 which has long been used for  special effects  in the movie industry,  is a computationally  intensive  technique that  simulates  the physicalbehavior of light to achieve greater realism in computer-gen
erated scenes.To
 enable  VR,  we  provide  developers  with  a  suite  of  software  libraries  called  VRWorks.  VRWorks  allows  developers  to  create  fully  immersiveexperiences
 by  enabling  physically  realistic  visuals,  sound,  touch  interactions,  and  simulated  environments.  VR  requires  advanced  high-performance GPUs as the engine to simulate complete immersion.
Our
 products for the gaming market include GeForce RTX and GeForce GTX GPUs for PC gaming, SHIELD devices for gaming and streaming,GeForce NOW for cloud-based gaming, as well as platforms and develo
pment services for specialized console gaming devices.5
Table of ContentsProfessional Visualization
We
 serve the Professional Visualization market by working closely with independent software vendors to optimize their offerings for NVIDIA GPUs.Our
 GPU  computing  solutions  enhance  productivity  and  introduce  new  capabilities  for  critical  parts  of  the  workflow  for  such  major  industries  asautomotive, media and entertainment, architectural engin
eering, oil and gas, and medical imaging.Designers
 who build the products we use every day need the images that they view digitally to mirror reality. This requires simulating the physicalbehavior
 of light and materials, or physically-based rendering, an emerging trend in professional design. Our DesignWorks software delivers this todesigners
 and enables an architect designing a building with a computer-aided design package to interact with the model in real time, view it ingreater
 detail, and generate photorealistic renderings for the client. It also allows an automotive designer to create a highly realistic 3D image of acar, which can be viewed from all angles, reducin
g reliance on costly, time-consuming full-scale clay models.During
 fiscal year 2019, we introduced the NVIDIA RTX platform, making it possible to render film-quality, photorealistic objects and environmentswith
 physically accurate shadows, reflections and refractions using ray tracing in real-time. Through fiscal year 2020, many leading 3D design andcontent
 creation applications developed by our ecosystem partners enabled support for RTX, allowing professionals to accelerate and transformtheir workflows with NVIDIA RTX GPUs.
Just
 as VR is becoming more important in gaming, it is also being incorporated in a growing number of enterprise applications, including withinmedicine, architect
ure, product design, and retail. Virtual car showrooms, surgical training, architectural walkthroughs, and bringing historical scenesto life all deploy this technology, pow
ered by our GPUs.Visual
 computing  is  vital  to  productivity  in  many  environments,  including  design  and  manufacturing  and  digital  content  creation.  Design  andmanufacturing
 includes computer-aided design, architectural design, consumer-products manufacturing, medical instrumentation, and aerospace.Digital content creation includes profess
ional video editing and post production, special effects for films, and broadcast-television graphics.Our
 brand for this market is Quadro for workstations. Quadro GPUs enhance the productivity of designers by improving performance and addingfunctionality, such as photorealistic renderin
g, high color fidelity, and advanced scalable display capabilities.Data Center
The
 NVIDIA accelerated computing platform addresses AI and HPC applications. The platform consists of our energy efficient GPUs, our CUDAprogramming
 language,  specific  libraries  such  as  cuDNN  and  TensorRT,  and  innovations  such  as  NVLink  and  NVSwitch  interconnects,  whichenable application sca
lability across multiple GPUs.In
 the field of AI, NVIDIA’s platform accelerates both deep learning and machine learning workloads. Deep learning is a computer science approachwhere
 neural networks are trained to recognize patterns from massive amounts of data in the form of images, sounds and text - in some instancesbetter
 than  humans.  Machine  learning  is  a  related  approach  that  leverages  algorithms  as  well  as  data  to  learn  how  to  make  determinations  orpredictions,
 often used in data science. HPC, also referred to as scientific computing, uses numerical computational approaches to solve large andcomplex
 problems. For both AI and HPC applications, the NVIDIA accelerated computing platform greatly increases the performance and powerefficiency of high-performance computers and data centers, as GPUs excel at paralle
l workloads.We
 are engaged with thousands of organizations working on AI in a multitude of industries, from automating tasks such as reading medical images,to
 enabling  fraud  detection  in  financial  services,  to  optimizing  oil  exploration  and  drilling.  These  organizations  include  the  world’s  leading  cloudservices
 companies such as Amazon, Baidu, and Facebook, which are infusing AI in applications that enable highly accurate voice recognition andreal-time
 translation;  enterprises  that  are  increasingly  turning  to  AI  to  improve  products  and  services;  and  startups  seeking  to  implement  AI  intransformative
 ways across multiple industries. We partnered with industry leaders such as IBM, Microsoft, Oracle, SAP, and VMware to bring AI toenterprise users. We also have partnerships in healthcare a
nd manufacturing, among others, to accelerate the adoption of AI.To enable deep learning and machine learning, we provide a family
 of GPUs designed to speed up training and inferencing of neural networks. Theyare
 available in industry standard servers from every major computer maker worldwide, including Cisco, Dell, HP, Inspur, and Lenovo; from everymajor
 cloud service provider such as Alicloud, Amazon Web Services, Baidu Cloud, Google Cloud, IBM Cloud, Microsoft Azure, and Oracle Cloud;as
 well as in our DGX AI supercomputer, a purpose-built system for deep learning and GPU accelerated applications. DGX delivers performanceequal
 to hundreds of conventional servers, comes fully integrated with hardware, software, development tools, support for AI frameworks, and runspopular accelerated applic
ations. We also offer the NVIDIA GPU Cloud, or NGC, a comprehensive catalog of easy-to-use, optimized6
Table of Contentssoftware
 stacks  across  a  range  of  domains  including  scientific  computing,  deep  learning,  and  machine  learning.  With  NGC,  AI  developers,researchers
 and data scientists can get started with the development of AI and HPC applications and deploy them on DGX systems, NGC-readyworkstations
 or servers from our systems partners, or with NVIDIA’s cloud partners such as Amazon, Google Cloud, Microsoft Azure, or OracleCloud.
GPUs
 also increase the speed of applications used in such fields as aerospace, bio-science research, mechanical and fluid simulations, and energyexploration.
 GPUs  have  significantly  impacted  scientific  discovery,  including  improving  heart  surgery,  mapping  human  genome  folds,  seismicmodeling, and weather simulations.
Accelerated computing is recognized as the
 path forward for computing amid the slowing of Moore’s Law. The proportion of supercomputers utilizingaccelerators
 has grown sharply over the past five years, now accounting for a significant proportion of both the total systems on the TOP500 list,which
 ranks the 500 most powerful commercially available computer systems, and the list’s total floating-point operations per second. Tesla GPUaccelerators
 power many of the world’s fastest supercomputers, including the U.S. Department of Energy’s Summit and Sierra supercomputers atOak
 Ridge  and  Lawrence  Livermore  National  Laboratories,  Europe’s  fastest  supercomputer  -  Piz  Daint  -  in  Switzerland,  Japan’s  fastestsupercomputer, ABCI; and the world’s fastest industrial supercomputer by Italian e
nergy company Eni.We
 also serve  the data center  market  with GRID  for  virtualized  graphics  and Virtual  Compute  Server  for  virtualized  AI and data  science.  GRIDmakes
 it possible to run graphics-intensive applications remotely on a server in the data center. Applications include accelerating virtual desktopinfrastructures
 and  delivering  graphics-intensive  applications  from  the  cloud  for  industries  such  as  manufacturing,  healthcare,  and  educationalinstitutions,
 among others. Virtual Compute Server (vComputeServer) enables data centers to accelerate server virtualization with GPUs so that themost compute-intensive workloads, such as artificial intell
igence, deep learning, and data science, can be run in a virtual machine.Automotive
NVIDIA’s Automotive market
 is comprised of cockpit infotainment solutions, AV platforms, and associated development agreements. Leveraging ourtechnology
 leadership in AI and building on our long-standing automotive relationships, we are delivering a full solution for the AV market under theDRIVE
 brand.  NVIDIA  has  demonstrated  multiple  applications  of  AI  within  the  car.  AI  can  drive  the  car  itself  as  a  pilot,  in  either  partial  or  fullyautonomous mode. AI can also be a co-pilot, assisting the huma
n driver in creating a safer driving experience.NVIDIA
 is  working  with  several  hundred  partners  in  the  automotive  ecosystem  including  automakers,  truck  makers,  tier-one  suppliers,  sensormanufacturers,
 automotive research institutions, HD mapping companies, and startups to develop and deploy AI systems for self-driving vehicles.Our
 unified AI computing architecture starts with training deep neural networks using our GPUs, and then running them within the vehicle on theNVIDIA
 DRIVE  computing  platform.  The  platform  consists  of  high-performance,  energy  efficient  hardware  -  DRIVE  AGX,  and  open,  modularsoftware - including DRIVE AV for
 autonomous driving and DRIVE IX for in-vehicle AI assistance. In addition, we offer a scalable simulation solution,NVIDIA
 DRIVE  Constellation,  for  testing  and  validating  a  self-driving  platform  before  commercial  deployment.  This  end-to-end,  software-definedapproach allows cars to receive over-the-air updates to add n
ew features and capabilities throughout the life of a vehicle.NVIDIA DRIVE can perceive and understa
nd in real-time what's happening around the vehicle, precisely locate itself on an HD map, and plan a safepath
 forward. This advanced self-driving car platform combines deep learning, sensor fusion, and surround vision to change the driving experience.Our
 DRIVE platform scales from a palm-sized, energy-efficient module for automated highway-driving capabilities to a configuration with multiplesystems
 aimed  at  enabling  driverless  cars.  Our  Xavier  SoC,  which  started  shipping  in  2018,  enables  vehicles  to  use  deep  neural  networks  toprocess
 data  from  multiple  cameras  and  sensors.  It  powers  the  DRIVE  AutoPilot,  NVIDIA’s  Level  2+  automated  driving  solution,  combining  theDRIVE
 AV self-driving solution with the DRIVE IX cockpit software, including a visualization system for allowing the driver to see what the car seesand plans to do. In fiscal year 2020, we announc
ed our next-generation SoC, Orin, targeting mass production in 2022.Business Strategies
NVIDIA’s key strategies that shape our overall business a
pproach include:Advancing
 the  GPU  computing  platform. The  massive  parallel  processing  capabilities  of  NVIDIA  GPUs  can  solve  complex  problems  insignificantly
 less time and with lower power consumption than alternative computational approaches. Indeed, GPUs can help solve problems thatwere
 previously  deemed  unsolvable.  We  work  to  deliver  continued  GPU  performance  leaps  that  outpace  Moore’s  Law  by  leveraging  innovationacross
 the  architecture,  chip  design,  system,  and  software  layers.  Our  strategy  is  to  target  markets  where  GPUs  deliver  order-of-magnitudeperformance
 advantages relative to legacy approaches. Our market platforms so far include Gaming, Professional Visualization, Data Center, andAutomotive. While
7
Table of Contentsthe
 requirements of these end markets are diverse, we address them with a unified underlying architecture leveraging our GPUs and CUDA as thefundamental building bl
ocks. The programmable nature of our architecture allows us to make leveraged investments in R&D: we can support severalmulti-bil
lion dollar end markets with the same underlying technology by using a variety of software stacks developed either internally or by third partydevelopers and partners. We utilize this platform approach in e
ach of our target markets.Extending
 our technology and platform leadership in AI. We  provide a complete, end-to-end GPU computing platform for deep learning andmachine
 learning,  addressing  both  training  and  inferencing.  This  includes  GPUs,  our  CUDA  programming  language,  algorithms,  libraries,  andsystem
 software. GPUs are uniquely suited to AI, and we will continue to add AI-specific features to our GPU architecture to further extend ourleadership
 position. Our AI technology leadership is reinforced by our large and expanding ecosystem in a virtuous cycle. Our GPU platforms areavailable
 from virtually every major server maker and cloud service provider, as well as on our own AI supercomputer. There are over 1.6 milliondevelopers
 worldwide using CUDA and our other  software  tools to help deploy our technology  in our target  markets.  We evangelize AI throughpartnerships
 with hundreds of universities and more than 3,600 startups through our Inception program. Additionally, our Deep Learning Instituteprovides
 instruction on the latest techniques on how to design, train, and deploy neural networks in applications using our accelerated computingplatform.
Extending
 our technology and platform leadership in visual computing. We  believe  that  visual  computing  is  fundamental  to  the  continuedexpansi
on and evolution of computing. We apply our research and development resources to extending our leadership in visual computing, enablingus
 to enhance the user experience  for consumer  entertainment  and professional visualization  applications.  Our technologies  are instrumental  indriving
 gaming forward, as developers leverage our libraries and algorithms to create near-cinematic and VR experiences. Our close collaborationwith
 game developers allows us to deliver an optimized gaming experience on our GeForce platform. Our GeForce Experience gaming applicationfurther
 enhances each gamer’s experience by optimizing their PC’s settings, as well as enabling the recording and sharing of gameplay. We alsoenable
 interactive graphics applications - such as games, movie and photo editing and design software - to be accessed by almost any device,almost anywhere, through our cloud platforms such as GRID for enterprise and GeForce NOW for gaming.
Advancing the leading autonomous vehicle platform.
 We believe the advent of AV will soon revoluti onize the transportation industry. In our view,AI
 is  the  key  technology  enabler  of  this  opportunity,  as  the  algorithms  required  for  autonomous  driving  -  such  as  perception,  localization,  andplanning - are too complex for legacy hand-cod
ed approaches, and will run on multiple trained neural networks instead. Therefore, we provided a fullfunctionally
 safe AI-based hardware and software solution for the AV market under the DRIVE brand, which we are bringing to market through ourpartnerships
 with automotive original equipment manufacturers, or OEMs, tier-1 suppliers, and start-ups. Our AV solution also includes the GPU-based
 hardware required to train the neural networks before their in-vehicle deployment, as well as to re-simulate their operation prior to any over-the-air
 software updates. We believe our comprehensive, top-to-bottom and end-to-end approach will enable the transportation industry to solve thecomplex problems arising from the shift to autonomous driving.
Leveraging our intellectual property.
 We  believe our intellectual property is a valuable asset that can be accessed by our customers and partnersthrough licenses
 and development agreements when they desire to build such capabilities directly into their own products, or have us do so througha custom development. Such license and dev
elopment arrangements can further enhance the reach of our technology.Sales and Marketing
Our
 sales strategy involves working with end customers and various industry ecosystems through our partner network. Our worldwide sales andmarketing
 strategy is key to achieving our objective of providing markets with our high-performance and efficient GPU and embedded system-on-a-chip,
 or SOC, platforms. Our sales and marketing teams, located across our global markets, work closely with end customers in each industry. Ourpartner
 network  incorporates  each  industry's  respective  OEMs,  original  device  manufacturers,  or  ODMs,  system  builders,  add-in  boardmanufacturers,
 or  AIBs,  retailers/distributors,  internet  and  cloud  service  providers,  automotive  manufacturers  and  tier-1  automotive  suppliers,mapping companies, start-ups, and other ecosystem participants.
Members of
 our sales team have technical expertise and product and industry knowledge. We also employ a team of application engineers to assistour
 partner network in designing, testing, and qualifying system designs that incorporate our platforms. We believe that the depth and quality of ourdesign
 support  are  key  to  improving  our  partner  network’s  time-to-market,  maintaining  a  high  level  of  customer  satisfaction,  and  fosteringrelationships that encourage our end customers an
d partner network to use the next generation of our products within each platform.To
 encourage  the  development  of  applications  optimized  for  our  GPUs,  we  seek  to  establish  and  maintain  strong  relationships  in  the  softwaredevelopment
 community. Engineering and marketing personnel engage with key software developers to promote and discuss our platforms, as wellas to ascertain individual product requireme
nts and solve technical problems.8
Table of ContentsOur
 developer  program  makes  our  products  available  to  developers  prior  to  launch  in  order  to  encourage  the  development  of  AI  frameworks,Software
 Development Kits, and Application Programming Interfaces, or APIs, for software applications and game titles that are optimized for ourplatforms. Our Deep
 Learning Institute provides in-person and online training for developers in industries and organizations around the world to buildAI
 and accelerated computing applications that leverage our GPU and CUDA platforms. We now have over 1.6 million registered developers acrossour platforms, including accelerated computing, gami
ng, deep learning, autonomous machines, and others.As
 NVIDIA’s  business  has  evolved  from  a  focus  primarily  on  gaming  products  to  broader  markets,  and  from  chips  to  platforms  and  completesystems,
 so, too, have our avenues to market. Thus, in addition to sales to customers in our partner network, certain of our platforms are also soldthrough e-tail channels, or direct to cloud service providers an
d enterprise customers.Sales to Dell Technologi
es Inc., or Dell, accounted for 11% of our total revenue for fiscal year 2020.Backlog
Our
 sales are primarily made pursuant to standard purchase orders. The quantity of products purchased by our customers as well as our shipmentschedules
 are  subject  to  revisions  that  reflect  changes  in  both  the  customers'  requirements  and  in  manufacturing  availability.  Our  industry  ischaracteriz
ed by relatively short lead time orders and delivery schedules, thus, we believe that only a small portion of our backlog is non-cancelableand that the dollar amount associated with the non-ca
ncelable portion is not significant.Seasonality
Our
 GPU  and  Tegra  processor  platforms  serve  many  markets  from  consumer  PC  gaming  to  enterprise  workstations  to  government  and  cloudservice
 provider data centers, although a majority of our revenue stems from the consumer industry. Our consumer products typically see strongerrevenue
 in the second half of our fiscal year. In addition, based on the production schedules of key customers, some of our products for notebooksor
 game  consoles  typically  generate  stronger  revenue  in  the  second  and  third  quarters,  and  weaker  revenue  in  the  fourth  and  first  quarters.However, there can be no assurance that this trend will contin
ue.Manufacturing
We
 do not directly manufacture semiconductors used for our products. Instead, we utilize a fabless manufacturing strategy, whereby we employworld-class
 suppliers for all phases of the manufacturing process, including wafer fabrication, assembly, testing, and packaging. This strategy usesthe
 expertise  of  industry-leading  suppliers  that  are  certified  by  the  International  Organization  for  Standardization  in  such  areas  as  fabrication,assembly,
 quality control and assurance, reliability, and testing. Additionally, we can avoid many of the significant costs and risks associated withowning and operating manufacturi
ng operations. While we may directly procure certain raw materials used in the production of our products, such assubstrates
 and a variety of components, our suppliers are responsible for procurement of the majority of the raw materials used in the production ofour products. As a result, we can focus our resources on product design, addition
al quality assurance, marketing, and customer support.We utilize industry-leadi
ng suppliers, such as Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company Limited and Samsung Electronics Co. Ltd, to produceour
 semiconductor wafers. We then utilize independent subcontractors, such as Advanced Semiconductor Engineering, Inc., Amkor Technology,BYD
 Auto Co. Ltd., Hon Hai Precision Industry Co., Ltd., JSI Logistics Ltd., King Yuan Electronics Co., Ltd., and Siliconware Precision IndustriesCompany
 Ltd. to perform assembly, testing, and packaging of most of our products and platforms. We purchase substrates from IbidenCo. Ltd.,Kinsus
 Interconnect  Technology  Corporation,  and  Unimicron  Technology  Corporation,  and  memory  from  Micron  Technology,  SamsungSemiconductor, Inc., and SK Hynix.
We
 typically  receive  semiconductor  products  from  our  subcontractors,  perform  incoming  quality  assurance  and  configuration,  and  then  ship  thesemiconductors
 to contract equipment manufacturers, or CEMs, distributors, motherboard and AIB customers from our third-party warehouse inHong
 Kong.  Generally,  these  manufacturers  assemble  and  test  the  boards  based  on  our  design  kit  and  test  specifications,  and  then  ship  ourproducts to retailers, system builders, or OEMs as motherboard and AIB solutions.
We
 also utilize industry-leading contract manufacturers, or CMs, such as BYD and Hon Hai Precision Industry Co., and ODMs such as QuantaComputer
 and Wistron Corporation, to manufacture some of our products for sale directly to end customers. In those cases, key elements such asthe
 GPU,  SoC  and  memory  are  often  consigned  by  us  to  the  CMs,  who  are  responsible  for  the  procurement  of  other  components  used  in  theproduction process.
9
Table of ContentsWorking Capital
We
 focus considerable attention on managing our inventories and other working-capital-related items. We manage inventories by communicatingwith
 our  customers  and  partners  and  then  using  our  industry  experience  to  forecast  demand  on  a  platform-by-platform  basis.  We  then  placemanufacturing
 orders  for  our  products  that  are  based  on  forecasted  demand.  We  generally  maintain  substantial  inventories  of  our  products.  Asubstantial
 amount  of  our  inventories  is  maintained  as  semi-finished  products  that  can  be  leveraged  across  a  wide  range  of  our  processors  tobalance our customer demands.
Our
 existing cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities balances increased by 47%  to $10.90 billion at  the end of fiscal year 2020  compared with the end of fiscal year 
2019 . Competition
The market for
 our products is intensely competitive and is characterized by rapid technological change and evolving industry standards. We believethat
 the principal competitive factors in this market are performance, breadth of product offerings, access to customers and partners and distributionchannels,
 software support, conformity to industry standard APIs, manufacturing capabilities, processor pricing, and total system costs. We believethat
 our ability to remain competitive will depend on how well we are able to anticipate the features and functions that customers and partners willdemand
 and whether we are able to deliver consistent volumes of our products at acceptable levels of quality and at competitive prices. We expectcompetition
 to increase from both existing competitors and new market entrants with products that may be lower priced than ours, or may providebetter
 performance  or  additional  features  not  provided  by  our  products.  In  addition,  it  is  possible  that  new  competitors  or  alliances  amongcompetitors could emerge and acquire signific
ant market share.A
 significant source of competition comes from companies that provide or intend to provide GPUs, embedded SOCs, and other accelerated and AIcomputing processor products. Some of our competitors may have greater marketing, financial, distributio
n and manufacturing resources than we doand may be more able to adapt to customer or technological chan
ges.Our current competitors include:
•
suppliers and licensors designing discrete and integrated GPUs and other accelerated computing solutions, including chipsets that incorporate3D graphics, or HPC, such as Advanced Micro Devices, or AMD, Intel Corporation, or Intel, and Xi
linx, Inc.;•
large internet services companies with internal teams designing chips that incorporates HPC or accelerated computing functionality as part oftheir internal solutions or platforms, such as Alphabet Inc.; and
•
suppliers of SoC products that are embedded into automobiles, autonomous machines, and gaming devices, such as Ambarella, Inc., AMD,Broadcom
 Inc., Intel, Qualcomm Incorporated, Renesas Electronics Corporation, Samsung, and Xilinx, Inc. or companies with internal teamsdesigning SoC products for internal use, such as Tes
la Motors.Patents and Proprietary Rights
We
 rely  primarily  on  a  combination  of  patents,  trademarks,  trade  secrets,  employee  and  third-party  nondisclosure  agreements,  and  licensingarrangements
 to protect our intellectual property in the United States and internationally. Our currently issued patents have expiration dates fromMarch 2020
 to October 2039. We have numerous patents issued, allowed, and pending in the United States and in foreign jurisdictions. Our patentsand
 pending  patent  applications  primarily  relate  to  our  products  and  the  technology  used  in  connection  with  our  products.  We  also  rely  oninternational
 treaties, organizations, and foreign laws to protect our intellectual property. The laws of certain foreign countries in which our productsare
 or may be manufactured or sold, including various countries in Asia, may not protect our products or intellectual property rights to the sameextent
 as the laws of the United States. This decreased protection makes the possibility of piracy of our technology and products more likely. Wecontinuously assess whether and wh
ere to seek formal protection for particular innovations and technologies based on such factors as:•
the location in which our products are manufactured;•
our strategic technology or product directions in different countries;•
the degree to which intellectual property laws exist and are meaningfully enforced in different jurisdictions; and•
the commercial significance of our operations and our competitors' operations in particular countries and regions.We have also licensed technolo
gy from third parties and expect to continue to enter into such license agreements.Employees
As of 
January 26, 2020 ,  we had 13,775  employees, 9,823  of  whom were engaged in research and development and 3,952  of  whom were engagedin sales, marketing, operations, and administrative positi
ons.10
Table of ContentsEnvironmental Regulatory Compliance
To date, we have not incurred significant expens
es related to environmental regulatory compliance matters.Information About Our Executive Officers
The following sets forth certain information regarding our exec
utive officers, their ages and positions as of February 14, 2020 : Name
 Age Position Jen-Hsun Huang
 56  President and Chief Executive OfficerColette M. Kress
 52  Executive Vice President and Chief Financial OfficerAjay K. Puri
 65  Executive Vice President, Worldwide Field OperationsDebora Shoquist
 65  Executive Vice President, OperationsTimothy S. Teter
 53  Executive Vice President and General CounselJen-Hsun
 Huang co-founded  NVIDIA in 1993 and has served as our President, Chief Executive Officer and a member of the Board of Directorssince
 our inception. From 1985 to 1993, Mr. Huang was employed at LSI Logic Corporation, a computer chip manufacturer, where he held a varietyof
 positions including as Director of Coreware, the business unit responsible for LSI's SOC. From 1983 to 1985, Mr. Huang was a microprocessordesigner
 for Advanced Micro Devices, Inc., a semiconductor company. Mr. Huang holds a B.S.E.E. degree from Oregon State University and anM.S.E.E. degree from Stanford University.
Colette
 M. Kress joined NVIDIA in 2013 as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Prior to NVIDIA, Ms. Kress most recently servedas
 Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Business Technology and Operations Finance organization at Cisco Systems, Inc., anetworking
 equipment  company,  since  2010.  At  Cisco,  Ms.  Kress  was  responsible  for  financial  strategy,  planning,  reporting  and  businessdevelopment
 for  all  business  segments,  engineering  and  operations.  From  1997  to  2010  Ms.  Kress  held  a  variety  of  positions  at  MicrosoftCorporation,
 a  software  company,  including,  beginning  in  2006,  Chief  Financial  Officer  of  the  Server  and  Tools  division,  where  Ms.  Kress  wasresponsible
 for financial strategy, planning, reporting and business development for the division. Prior to joining Microsoft, Ms. Kress spent eightyears at Texas Instruments
 Incorporated, a semiconductor company, where she held a variety of finance positions. Ms. Kress holds a B.S. degree inFinance from University of Arizona and an M.B.A. degree from Southern Methodist University.
Ajay
 K. Puri joined  NVIDIA in 2005 as Senior Vice President, Worldwide Sales and became Executive Vice President, Worldwide Field Operationsin
 2009.  Prior  to  NVIDIA,  he  held  positions  in  sales,  marketing,  and  general  management  over  a  22-year  career  at  Sun  Microsystems,  Inc.,  acomputing
 systems company. Mr. Puri previously held marketing, management consulting, and product development positions at Hewlett-PackardCompany,
 an  information  technology  company,  Booz  Allen  Hamilton  Inc.,  a  management  and  technology  consulting  company,  and  TexasInstruments
 Incorporated. Mr. Puri holds a B.S.E.E. degree from the University of Minnesota, an M.S.E.E. degree from the California Institute ofTechnology and an M.B.A. degree from Harvard Business Sch
ool.Debora Shoquist
 joined  NVIDIA in 2007 as Senior Vice President of Operations and in 2009 became Executive Vice President of Operations. Herrole
 has since expanded with responsibility  added for  Facilities  in 2013, and for  Information  Technology in 2015. Prior to NVIDIA,  Ms.  Shoquistserved
 from 2004 to 2007 as Executive Vice President of Operations at JDS Uniphase Corp., a provider of communications test and measurementsolutions and optical products for 
the telecommunications industry. She served from 2002 to 2004 as Senior Vice President and General Manager ofthe
 Electro-Optics business at Coherent, Inc., a manufacturer of commercial and scientific laser equipment. Previously, she worked at QuantumCorp.,
 a data protection company, as President of the Personal Computer Hard Disk Drive Division, and at Hewlett-Packard Corp. Ms. Shoquistholds a B.S. degree in Electrical Engi
neering from Kansas State University and a B.S. degree in Biology from Santa Clara University.Timothy
 S. Teter joined  NVIDIA in 2017 as Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary and became Executive Vice President, GeneralCounsel
 and Secretary in February 2018. Prior to NVIDIA, Mr. Teter spent more than two decades at the law firm of Cooley LLP. He was mostrecently
 a partner at Cooley, where he focused on litigating patent and technology related matters. Prior to attending law school, he worked as anengineer
 at Lockheed Missiles and Space Company. Mr. Teter holds a B.S. degree in Mechanical Engineering from the University of California atDavis and a J.D. degree from Stanford Law School.
Available Information
Our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form
 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and, if applicable, amendments to those reports filedor furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Securities Exchang
e Act of 1934, as11
Table of Contentsamended,
 are available free of charge on or through our web site, http://www.nvidia.com ,  as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronicallyfile
 such material  with,  or  furnish  it  to,  the Securities  and Exchange  Commission,  or the  SEC. The SEC’s website, http://www.sec.gov ,  containsreports,
 proxy  and  information  statements,  and  other  information  regarding  issuers  that  file  electronically  with  the  SEC.  Our  web  site  and  theinformation on it or connected to it are not a part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.
ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS
In evaluating NVIDIA
 and our business, the following factors should be considered in addition to the other information in this Annual Report on Form10-K.
 Before you buy our common stock, you should know that making such an investment involves risks including, but not limited to, the risksdescribed
 below. Any one of the following risks could harm our business, financial condition, results of operations or reputation, which could causeour
 stock price to decline, and you may lose all or a part of your investment. Additional risks, trends and uncertainties not presently known to us orthat we currently believe are immaterial may also harm our business, financi
al condition, results of operations or reputation.Risks Related to Our Business, Industry and Partners
If
 we fail to meet the evolving needs of our markets, or identify new products, services or technologies, our revenue and financial resultsmay be adversely impacted.
We
 created  GPU-based  visual  and  accelerated  computing  platforms  that  address  four  large  markets:  Gaming,  Professional  Visualization,  DataCenter, and
 Automotive. These markets often experience rapid technological change, changes in customer requirements, new product introductionsand
 enhancements, and evolving industry standards. Our success depends on our ability to identify emerging industry changes and to develop new(or
 enhance  our  existing)  products,  services  and  technologies  that  meet  the  evolving  needs  of  these  markets.  Such  activities  may  requireconsider
able technical, financial, compliance, sales and marketing investments. We devote significant resources to the development of technologiesand
 business  offerings  in  markets  where  we  have  a  limited  operating  history,  such  as  the  automotive  and  data  center  markets,  which  presentsadditional
 risks  to  our  business.  We  must  also  continue  to  develop  the  infrastructure  needed  to  scale  our  business  in  these  areas,  includingcustomer
 service  and  support.  We  also  must  meet  customer  safety  and  compliance  standards,  which  are  subject  to  change.  Additionally,  wecontinue
 to make considerable investments in research and development, which may not produce significant revenue for several years, if at all. Ifour
 investments  are  unsuccessful  and  we  fail  to  develop  new  products,  services  and  technologies,  or  if  we  focus  on  technologies  that  do  notbecome widely adopted, our business, revenue, financial condition and results
 of operations could be adversely affected. We cannot assure you thatour
 strategic  direction  will  result  in  innovative  products  and  technologies  that  provide  value  to  our  customers,  partners  and  ultimately,  ourshareholders.
 If we fail to anticipate the changing needs of our target markets and emerging technology trends, or if we do not appropriately adaptthat strategy as market conditions evolve, in a timely manner to exploit potential market opportun
ities, our business will be harmed.Competition in our current and target markets could prevent us from growing our revenue.
Our
 target markets remain extremely competitive, and we expect competition to intensify as current competitors expand their product and/or serviceofferings,
 industry  standards  continue  to  evolve,  customer  needs  change  and  new  competitors  enter  these  markets.  Our  competitors’  products,services and
 technologies may be less costly, or may offer superior functionality or better features, than ours, which may result, among other things,in lower
 than expected selling prices for our products. In addition, some of our competitors operate and maintain their own fabrication facilities, havelonger
 operating histories, larger customer bases, more comprehensive intellectual property, or IP, portfolios and patent protections, and greaterfinancial,
 sales, marketing and distribution resources than we do. These competitors may be able to more effectively identify and capitalize uponopportunities
 in  new  markets  and  end  user  customer  trends,  quickly  transition  their  products,  including  semiconductor  products,  to  increasinglysmaller
 line width geometries, and obtain sufficient foundry capacity and packaging materials, which could harm our business. If we are unable tosuccessfully
 compete  in  our  target  markets,  respond  to  changes  in  our  target  markets  or  introduce  new  offerings  to  meet  the  needs  of  thiscompetitive
 environment, including in significant international markets such as China, demand for our products, services and technologies coulddecrease,
 which would cause our revenue to decline and cause our results of operations to suffer. In addition, the competitive landscape in ourtarget
 markets has changed and may continue to evolve due to a trend toward consolidation, which could lead to fewer customers, partners, orsuppliers, any of which could negativ
ely affect our financial results.System
 security and data protection breaches, as well as cyber-attacks, could disrupt our operations, reduce our expected revenue andincrease our expenses, which could adversely affect our stock price and damage our reputation.
Security
 breaches, computer malware, phishing, and cyber-attacks have become more prevalent and sophisticated in recent years. These threatsare constantly evolving, making it increasing
ly difficult to successfully defend against them or12
Table of Contentsimplement
 adequate  preventative  measures.  These  attacks  have  occurred  on  our  systems  in  the  past  and  are  expected  to  occur  in  the  future.Experienced
 computer  programmers,  hackers  and  employees  may  penetrate  our  security  controls  and  misappropriate  or  compromise  ourconfidential
 information, or that of our employees or third parties. These attacks may create system disruptions or cause shutdowns. These hackersmay
 also develop and deploy viruses, worms and other malicious software programs that attack or otherwise exploit security vulnerabilities in ourproducts,
 including consumer and automotive products, where we utilize over-the-air updates to improve functionality over time. For portions of ourIT
 infrastructure, including business management and communication software products, we rely on products and services provided by third parties.These providers may also experience breaches and
 attacks to their products which may impact our systems. Data security breaches may also resultfrom
 non-technical means, such as actions by an employee with access to our systems. To defend against security threats, both to our internalsystems and those
 of our customers, we must continuously engineer more secure products and enhance security and reliability features, which mayresult in increased expenses.
Actual
 or perceived breaches of our security measures or the accidental loss, inadvertent disclosure or unapproved dissemination of proprietaryinformation
 or sensitive or confidential data about us, our partners, our customers or third parties could expose us and the parties affected to a riskof
 loss or misuse of this information,  resulting  in litigation  and potential  liability,  paying damages,  regulatory  inquiries or actions,  damage to ourbrand
 and reputation or other harm to our business. Our efforts to prevent and overcome these challenges could increase our expenses and maynot
 be successful. We may experience interruptions, delays, cessation of service and loss of existing or potential customers. Such disruptions couldadversely
 impact our ability to fulfill orders and interrupt other critical functions. Delayed sales, lower margins or lost customers as a result of thesedisruptions could adversely affect our financia
l results, stock price and reputation.We
 depend on third parties and their technology to manufacture, assemble, test and/or package our products, which reduces our controlover
 product quantity and quality, manufacturing yields, development, enhancement and product delivery schedule and could harm ourbusiness.
We
 do not manufacture the silicon wafers used for our GPUs and Tegra processors and do not own or operate a wafer fabrication facility. Instead,we
 are dependent on industry-leading foundries, such as Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company Limited and Samsung Electronics Co.Ltd.,
 to  manufacture  our  semiconductor  wafers  using  their  fabrication  equipment  and  techniques.  Similarly,  we  do  not  directly  assemble,  test  orpackage
 our products, but instead rely on independent subcontractors. We do not have long-term commitment contracts with these foundries orsubcontractors.
 As a result, we face several significant risks which could have an adverse effect on our ability to meet customer demand and/ornegatively impact our business operatio
ns, gross margin, revenue and/or financial results, including:•
a lack of guaranteed supply of wafers and other components and potential higher wafer and component prices due to supply constraints;•
a failure by our foundries to procure raw materials or to provide or allocate adequate or any manufacturing or test capacity for our products;•
a  failure  to  develop,  obtain  or  successfully  implement  high  quality,  leading-edge  process  technologies,  including  transitions  to  smallergeometry
 process  technologies  such  as  advanced  process  node  technologies  and  memory  designs  needed  to  manufacture  our  productsprofitably or on a timely basis;
•
a limited number of suppliers, including foundries, assembly and test providers, and memory manufacturers;•
loss of a supplier and additional expense and/or production delays as a result of qualifying a new foundry or subcontractor and commencingvolume production or testing in the event of a loss of or a decision to add or cha
nge a supplier;•
a lack of direct control over delivery schedules or product quantity and quality; and•
delays in product shipments, shortages, a decrease in product quality and/or higher expenses in the event our subcontractors or foundriesprioritize our competitors’ orders over our orders or otherwise.
In
 addition, low manufacturing yields could have an adverse effect on our ability to meet customer demand, increase manufacturing costs, harmcustomer
 or partner relationships, and/or negatively impact our business operations, gross margin, revenue and/or financial results. Manufacturingyields
 for our products are a function of product design, which is developed largely by us, and process technology, which typically is proprietary tothe
 foundry. Low yields may result from either product design or process technology failure. We do not know whether a yield problem will exist untilour
 design is actually manufactured by the foundry. As a result, yield problems may not be identified until well into the manufacturing process andrequire us and the foundry to cooperate to resolve the problem.
We
 also  rely  on  third-party  software  development  tools  to  assist  us  in  the  design,  simulation  and  verification  of  new  products  or  productenhancements,
 and to bring such new products and enhancements to market in a timely manner. In the past, we have experienced delays in theintroduction of products and enhancements as a result of the ina
bility of then available13
Table of Contentssoftware
 development tools to fully simulate the complex features and functionalities of our products. The design requirements necessary to meetconsumer
 demands for more features and greater functionality from our products may exceed the capabilities of available software developmenttools. If
 we miss design cycles or lose design wins due to the unavailability of such software development tools, we could lose market share and ourrevenues could decline. If we fail to achieve d
esign wins for our products, our business will be harmed.For
 our products that we do not sell directly to consumers, achieving design wins is an important success factor. Achieving design wins may involvea
 lengthy  process  in  pursuit  of  a  customer  opportunity  and  depend  on  our  ability  to  anticipate  features  and  functionality  that  customers  andconsumers
 will  demand.  Failure  to  obtain  a  particular  design  win  may  prevent  us  from  obtaining  design  wins  in  subsequent  generations  of  aparticular product. This could result in lost revenue and co
uld weaken our position in future competitive bid selection processes.Unantici
pated changes in industry standards could render our products incompatible with products developed by major hardware manufacturers andsoftware
 developers. Further, if our products are not in compliance with prevailing industry standards, including safety standards, our customersmay
 not incorporate our products into their design strategies.  Winning a product design does not guarantee sales to a customer or that we willrealize as much revenue as anticipated, if any.
If
 our products contain significant defects, we could incur significant expenses to remediate such defects, our reputation could bedamaged, and we could lose market share.
Our
 products  are  complex  and  may  contain  defects  or  security  vulnerabilities,  or  experience  failures  or  unsatisfactory  performance  due  to  anynumber
 of issues in design, fabrication, packaging, materials and/or use within a system. These risks may increase as our products are introducedinto new
 devices, markets, technologies and applications, including into the automotive market, or as new versions are released. Some errors in ourproducts
 or services may only be discovered after a product or service has been shipped or used by customers or the end users of such product.Undiscovered vulnerabilities in our products or services could expose
 our customers or end users to hackers or other unscrupulous third parties whodevelop
 and deploy viruses, worms and other malicious software programs that could attack our products or services. Failure of our products toperform to specifications, or other
 product defects, could lead to substantial damage to the products we sell directly to customers, the end product inwhich our
 device has been integrated by OEMs, ODMs, AIBs and Tier 1 automotive suppliers, and to the user of such end product. Any such defectmay
 cause us to incur significant warranty, support and repair or replacement costs, write off the value of related inventory, cause us to lose marketshare,
 and divert the attention of our engineering personnel from our product development efforts to find and correct the issue. In addition, an erroror
 defect in new products or releases or related software drivers after commencement of commercial shipments could result in failure to achievemarket acceptance or loss
 of design wins, harm our relationships with customers and partners and harm consumers’ perceptions of our brand. Also,we
 may be required to reimburse our customers, partners or consumers, including costs to repair or replace products in the field. A product recall,including
 automotive recalls or a recall due to a bug in our products, or a significant number of product returns could be expensive, damage ourreputation,
 harm our ability to attract new customers, result in the shifting of business to our competitors and result in litigation against us, such asproduct liability
 suits. If a product liability claim is brought against us, the cost of defending the claim could be significant and would divert the effortsof our
 technical and management personnel, and harm our business. Further, our business liability insurance may be inadequate or future coveragemay be unavailable on accepta
ble terms, which could adversely impact our financial results.Business disruptions could harm our business, lead to a decline in revenues and increase our costs.
Our
 worldwide  operations  could  be  disrupted  by  earthquakes,  telecommunications  failures,  power  or  water  shortages,  outages  at  cloud  serviceproviders,
 tsunamis,  floods,  hurricanes,  typhoons,  fires,  extreme  weather  conditions,  cyber-attacks,  terrorist  attacks,  medical  epidemics  orpandemic
s and other natural or man-made disasters, catastrophic events or climate change. The occurrence of any of these disruptions could harmour
 business and result in significant losses, a decline in revenue and an increase in our costs and expenses. Any of these business disruptionscould
 require  substantial  expenditures  and  recovery  time  in  order  to  fully  resume  operations.  Our  corporate  headquarters,  and  a  portion  of  ourresearch
 and development activities, are located in California, and other critical business operations, finished goods inventory, and some of oursuppliers
 are located in Asia, near major earthquake faults known for seismic activity. In addition, a large portion of our current data center capacityis
 located in California, making our operations vulnerable to natural disasters or other business disruptions occurring in these geographical areas.The
 manufacture of product components, the final assembly of our products and other critical operations are concentrated in certain geographiclocations,
 including  Taiwan,  China,  Hong  Kong,  and  Korea.  Additionally,  a  significant  portion  of  our  finished  goods  product  distribution  occursthrough
 Hong Kong. Geopolitical change or changes in government regulations and policies in the United States or abroad may result in changingregulatory
 requirements, trade policies, import duties and economic disruptions that could impact our operating strategies, product demand, accessto global markets, hiring, and profitability. In particular, revisions to laws or regul
ations or their14
Table of Contentsinterpretation
 and enforcement could result in increased taxation, trade sanctions, the imposition of import duties or tariffs, restrictions and controlson imports
 or exports, or other retaliatory actions, which could have an adverse effect on our business plans. For example, regulations to implementthe
 Export Control Reform Act of 2018 could have an adverse effect on our business plans. Catastrophic events can also have an impact on third-party
 vendors who provide us critical infrastructure services for IT and research and development systems and personnel. Our operations could beharmed if manufacturing, logistics or
 other operations in these locations are disrupted for any reason, including natural disasters, high heat events orwater
 shortages, information technology system failures, military actions or economic, business, labor, environmental, public health, regulatory orpolitical
 issues. The ultimate impact on us, our third-party foundries and other suppliers and our general infrastructure of being located near majorearthquake
 faults  and  being  consolidated  in  certain  geographical  areas  is  unknown.  In  the  event  a  major  earthquake  or  other  disaster  orcatastrophic event affects us or the third-party systems on which we rely, our business could be harmed as a result of decli
nes in revenue, increasesin expenses, substantial expend
itures and time spent to fully resume operations.In
 January 2020, a novel strain of coronavirus was identified in China, resulting in shutdowns of manufacturing and commerce, as well as globaltravel
 restrictions  to contain the virus.  The impact  has extended  to other  regions.  We have operations  and employees  in China, and the regionrepresents
 an important end market for our products. Our customers and suppliers within China and neighboring countries are also affected by thecoronavirus
 related restrictions and closures. The coronavirus is expected to have a negative effect on our financial results, though the full extentand duration is uncertain and coul
d have a material negative impact on our business.If we fail to estimate customer demand properly, our financial results could be harmed.
We manufacture our GPUs and Tegra processors based on estimates of customer demand and requ
irements. We sell many of our products througha
 channel model, and our channel customers sell to retailers, distributors, and/or end customers. As a result, the decisions made by our channelpartners,
 retailers, and distributors in response to changing market conditions and the changing demand for our products could impact our financialresults.
 In order to have shorter shipment lead times and quicker delivery schedules for our customers, we may build inventories for anticipatedperiods
 of growth which do not occur, may build inventory anticipating demand that does not materialize, or may build inventory to serve what webelieve is pent-up demand. Such decisio
ns may and have resulted in prolonged channel sell-through, as we experienced with our mid-range gamingGPUs
 in fiscal year 2019. In estimating demand, we make multiple assumptions, any of which may prove to be incorrect. Situations that may resultin excess or obsolete inventory include:
•
changes in business and economic conditions, including downturns in our target markets and/or overall economy;•
changes in consumer confidence caused by changes in market conditions, including changes in the credit market;•
a sudden and significant decrease in demand for our products;•
a higher incidence of inventory obsolescence because of rapidly changing technology or customer requirements;•
our introduction of new products resulting in lower demand for older products;•
less demand than expected for newly-introduced products; or•
increased competition, including competitive pricing actions.The
 cancellation  or  deferral  of  customer  purchase  orders  could  result  in  our  holding  excess  inventory,  which  could  adversely  affect  our  grossmargins. In
 addition, because we often sell a substantial portion of our products in the last month of each quarter, we may not be able to reduce ourinventory
 purchase commitments in a timely manner in response to customer cancellations or deferrals. We could be required to write-down ourinventory
 to the lower of cost or market or write-off excess inventory, and we could experience a reduction in average selling prices if we incorrectlyforecast product demand, any of which could harm our financial resu
lts.Conversely,
 if we underestimate our customers' demand for our products, our foundry partners may not have adequate lead-time or capacity toincrease
 production  and  we  may  not  be  able  to  obtain  sufficient  inventory  to  fill  customers'  orders  on  a  timely  basis.  We  may  also  face  supplyconstraints
 caused by natural disasters or other events. In such cases, even if we are able to increase production levels to meet customer demand,we
 may not be able to do so in a cost-effective or timely manner. If we fail to fulfill our customers' orders on a timely basis, or at all, our customerrelationships could be damag
ed, we could lose revenue and market share and our reputation could be damaged.We
 receive a significant amount of our revenue from a limited number of customers within our partner network and our revenue could beadversely affected if we lose or are prevented from selling to any of these customers.
We receive a significant amount of our revenue from a limited number of customers within our distributio
n and partner network. With several of thesedistributors
 and partners, we are selling multiple target market platforms through their channels. For fiscal year 2020, 11% of our total revenue wasfrom one customer, Dell. Our operating results in the foreseeable
15
Table of Contentsfuture
 will continue to depend on sales within our partner network, as well as the ability of these partners to sell products that incorporate our GPUsand Tegra processors. In the
 future, these partners may decide to purchase fewer products than they did in the past, not to incorporate our productsinto their ecosystem, or to alter their purchasing patterns in some other way, particularly because:
•
most  of  our  sales  are  made  on  a  purchase  order  basis,  which  permits  our  customers  to  cancel,  change  or  delay  product  purchasecommitments with little or no notice to us and without penalty;
•
our partners may develop their own solutions;•
our customers may purchase products from our competitors; or•
our partners may discontinue sales or lose market share in the markets for which they purchase our products.We
 could also be restricted from selling our products or providing our technology and services due to U.S. trade restrictions. The loss of any of ourlarge
 customers, a significant reduction in purchases by them, or our inability to sell to a customer due to U.S. trade restrictions would likely harmour
 financial condition and results of operations, and any difficulties in collecting accounts receivable could harm our operating results and financialcondition.
We
 maintain  an  allowance  for  doubtful  accounts  for  estimated  losses  resulting  from  the  inability  of  certain  of  our  customers  to  make  requiredpayments
 and  obtain  credit  insurance  over  the  purchasing  credit  extended  to  these  customers.  In  the  future,  we  may  have  to  record  additionalprovisions
 or write-offs and/or defer revenue on certain sales transactions, which could negatively impact our financial results, and we may not beable to acquire credit insurance on the credit we exten
d to these customers or in amounts that we deem sufficient.We are subject to risks and uncertainties associated with international operations, which may harm our business.
We
 conduct  our  business  worldwide  and  we  have  offices  in  various  countries  outside  of  the  United  States.  Our  semiconductor  wafers  aremanufactured,
 assembled, tested and packaged by third parties located outside of the United States. We also generate a significant portion of ourrevenue
 from sales outside the United States. We allocate revenue to individual countries based on the location to which the products are initiallybilled
 even if our customers’ revenue is attributable to end customers that are located in a different location. Revenue from sales outside of theUnited
 States accounted for 92% of total revenue for fiscal year 2020 ,  and 87% for each of fiscal years 2019  and 2018 .  Revenue from billings toChina,
 including Hong Kong, was 25% of our revenue for fiscal year 2020, even if our customers' revenue is attributable to end customers that arelocated
 in a different location. Additionally, as of January 26, 2020 ,  approximately 46% of our employees were located outside of the United States.The
 global nature of our business subjects us to a number of risks and uncertainties, which could have a material adverse effect on our business,financial condition and resu
lts of operations, including:•
international economic and political conditions, including as a result of the United Kingdom's vote to withdraw from the European Union, andother political tensions between co
untries in which we do business;•
unexpected changes in, or impositions of, legislative or regulatory requirements, including changes in tax laws;•
differing legal standards with respect to protection of intellectual property and employment practices;•
local business and cultural factors that differ from our normal standards and practices, including business practices that we are prohibitedfrom engaging in by the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and other anticorrupti
on laws and regulations;•
exporting  or  importing  issues  related  to  export  or  import  restrictions,  including  deemed  export  restrictions,  tariffs,  quotas  and  other  tradebarriers and restrictions; 
•
disruptions of capital and trading markets and currency fluctuations; and•
increased costs due to imposition of climate change regulations, such as carbon taxes, fuel or energy taxes, and pollution limits.If our sales outside of the United States are delayed or cancell
ed because of any of the above factors, our revenue may be negatively impacted.If
 we are unable to attract, retain and motivate our executives and key employees, we may not be able to execute our business strategyeffectively.
To
 be competitive and execute our business strategy successfully, we must attract, retain and motivate our executives and key employees. Themarket
 for highly skilled workers and leaders in our industry is extremely competitive. In particular, hiring qualified executives, scientists, engineers,technical
 staff and research and development personnel is critical to our business. Additionally, changes in immigration and work permit laws andregulations
 or the administration or interpretation of such laws or regulations could impair our ability to attract and retain highly qualified employees.If we are less successful
16
Table of Contentsin
 our recruiting efforts, or if we cannot retain key employees, our ability to develop and deliver successful products and services may be adverselyaffected. Additio
nally, competition for personnel results in increased costs in the form of cash and stock-based compensation. The interpretation andapplication
 of employment related laws to our workforce practices may result in increased operating costs and less flexibility in how we meet ourworkforce
 needs. Effective succession planning is also important to our long-term success. Failure to ensure effective transfer of knowledge andsmooth transitions involving key employees co
uld hinder our strategic planning and execution.We
 may not be able to realize the potential financial or strategic benefits of business acquisitions or strategic investments, including theMellanox
 acquisition, and we may not be able to successfully integrate acquisition targets, which could hurt our ability to grow ourbusiness, develop new products or sell our products.
We
 have  in  the  past  acquired  and  invested  in,  and  may  continue  to  acquire  and  invest  in,  other  businesses  that  offer  products,  services  andtechnologies
 that we believe will help expand or enhance our existing products, strategic objectives and business. In March 2019, we announcedour
 agreement  to  acquire  Mellanox  for  approximately  $6.9  billion.  The  Mellanox  acquisition  and  other  past  or  future  acquisitions  or  investmentsinvolve
 significant challenges and risks, and could impair our ability to grow our business, develop new products or sell our products, and ultimatelycould
 have a negative impact on our growth or our financial results. Given that our resources are limited, our decision to pursue a transaction hasopportun
ity costs; accordingly, if we pursue a particular transaction, we may need to forgo the prospect of entering into other transactions that couldhelp
 us achieve our strategic objectives. Additional risks related to the Mellanox acquisition, and other acquisitions or strategic investments include,but are not li
mited to:•
difficulty in combining the technology, products, operations or workforce of the acquired business with our business;•
diversion of capital and other resources, including management’s attention;•
assumption of liabilities and incurring amortization expenses, impairment charges to goodwill or write-downs of acquired assets;•
integrating financial forecasting and controls, procedures and reporting cycles;•
coordinating and integrating operations in countries in which we have not previously operated;•
difficulty in realizing a satisfactory return, if at all;•
difficulty in obtaining regulatory, other approvals or financing;•
failure and costs associated with the failure to consummate a proposed acquisition or other strategic investment;•
legal proceedings initiated as a result of an acquisition or investment;•
uncertainties and time needed to realize the benefits of an acquisition or strategic investment, if at all;•
negative changes in general economic conditions in the regions or the industries in which we or our target operate;•
the need to later divest acquired assets if an acquisition does not meet our expectations;•
potential failure of our due diligence processes to identify significant issues with the acquired assets or company; and•
impairment of relationships with, or loss of our or our target’s, employees, vendors and customers, as a result of our acquisition or investment.Risks Related to Regulatory, Legal, Our Common Stock and Other Matters
Actions
 to adequately protect our IP rights could result in substantial costs to us and our ability to compete could be harmed if we areunsuccessful in doing so or if we are prohibited from making or selling our
 products.We
 have in the past, currently are, and may in the future become involved in lawsuits or other legal proceedings alleging patent infringement orother
 intellectual property rights violations by us, our employees or parties that we have agreed to indemnify for certain claims of infringement. Anunfavorable
 ruling in any such intellectual property related litigation could include significant damages, invalidation of a patent or family of patents,indemnification
 of customers, payment of lost profits, or, when it has been sought, injunctive relief. Claims that our products or processes infringethe
 IP rights of others, regardless of their merit, could cause us to incur significant costs to respond to, defend, and resolve such claims, and theymay also divert the efforts and attention of management and technical person
nel.We
 may  commence  litigation  or  other  legal  proceedings  in  order  to  protect  our  intellectual  property  rights.  Such  proceedings  may  increase  ouroperating
 expenses, which could negatively impact our operating results. Further, we could be subject to countersuits as a result of our initiation oflitigation.
 If infringement claims are made against us or our products are found to infringe a third party’s patent or intellectual property, we or one ofour
 indemnitees may have to seek a license to the third party’s patent or other intellectual property rights. However, we may not be able to obtainlicenses at all or on terms acceptable to us particularly from our competitors. If we or one of our indemnitees is unabl
e to obtain a license from17
Table of Contentsa
 third party for technology that we use or that is used in one of our products, we could be subject to substantial liabilities or have to suspend ordiscontinue
 the manufacture and sale of one or more of our products. We may also have to make royalty or other payments, or cross license ourtechnology.
 If these arrangements are not concluded on commercially reasonable terms, our business could be negatively impacted. Furthermore,the indemnification of a customer or other indemnitee may increase our op
erating expenses which could negatively impact our operating results.Our
 success depends in part on protecting our intellectual property. To accomplish this, we rely primarily on a combination of patents, trademarks,trade
 secrets, employee and third-party nondisclosure agreements, licensing arrangements, and the laws of the countries in which we operate toprotect
 our intellectual property in the United States and internationally. We may be required to spend significant resources to monitor and protectour
 intellectual property rights, and even with significant expenditures we may not be able to protect our intellectual property rights that are valuableto
 our business. The laws of certain foreign countries may not protect our products or intellectual property rights to the same extent as the laws ofthe
 United  States.  This  makes  the  possibility  of  piracy  of  our  technology  and  products  more  likely.  In  addition,  the  theft  or  unauthorized  use  orpublication
 of  our  trade  secrets  and  other  confidential  business  information  could  harm  our  competitive  position  and  reduce  acceptance  of  ourproducts;
 as  a  result,  the  value  of  our  investment  in  research  and  development,  product  development,  and  marketing  could  be  reduced.  Wecontinuously
 assess whether and where to seek formal protection for existing and new innovations and technologies, but cannot be certain whetherour applications for such protections will be a
pproved, and, if approved, whether we will be able to enforce such protections.Our
 operating results have in the past fluctuated and may in the future fluctuate, and if our operating results are below the expectationsof securities analysts or investors, our stock price could decline.
Our operating results have in the past fluctuated and may in the future continue to fluctuate d
ue to numerous factors. Therefore, investors should notrely on quarterly comparisons of our results of operations as an indicati
on of our future performance.Factors, other than those described elsewhere in these risk factors, that could affect our results of operations in the future incl
ude, but are not limitedto:
•
our ability to achieve volume production of our next-generation products;•
our inability to adjust spending to offset revenue shortfalls due to the multi-year development cycle for some of our products and services;•
fluctuations in the demand for our products related to cryptocurrencies;•
changes in the timing of product orders due to unexpected delays in the introduction of our partners’ products;•
our ability to cover the manufacturing and design costs of our products through competitive pricing;•
our ability to comply and continue to comply with our customers’ contractual obligations;•
product rates of return in excess of that forecasted or expected due to quality issues;•
our ability to secure appropriate safety certifications and meet industry safety standards;•
supply constraints for and changes in the cost of the other components incorporated into our products•
inventory write-downs;•
our ability to continue generating revenue from our partner network, including by generating sales within our partner network and ensuring ourproducts
 are incorporated into our partners product ecosystems, and our partner network’s ability to sell products that incorporate our GPUsand Tegra processors;
•
the inability of certain of our customers to make required payments to us, and our ability to obtain credit insurance over the purchasing creditextended to these customers;
•
customer bad debt write-offs;•
any unanticipated costs associated with environmental liabilities;•
unexpected costs related to our ownership of real property;•
changes in financial accounting standards or interpretations of existing standards; and•
general macroeconomic or industry events and factors affecting the overall market and our target markets.Any
 one or more of the factors discussed above could prevent us from achieving our expected future financial results. Any such failure to meet ourexpectations or the expectations of our investors or security analysts could caus
e our stock price to decline or experience substantial price volatility.18
Table of ContentsPrivacy
 concerns relating to our products and services could damage our reputation, deter current and potential users from using ourproducts and services, result in liability, or result in legal or regulatory proceedings.
Our products and services may provide us with access to sensitive, confidentia
l or personal data or information that is subject to privacy and securitylaws
 and regulations. Concerns about our practices with regard to the collection, use, retention, security or disclosure of personal information orother
 privacy-related matters, even if unfounded, could damage our reputation and adversely affect our operating results. The theft, loss, or misuseof
 personal data collected, used, stored, or transferred by us to run our business or by one of our partners could result in significantly increasedsecurity
 costs, damage to our reputation, regulatory proceedings, disruption of our business activities or increased costs related to defending legalclaims.
Worldwide
 regulatory  authorities  are  considering  and  have  approved  various  legislative  proposals  concerning  data  protection,  which  continue  toevolve
 and apply to our business. For example, the European Union adopted the General Data Protection Regulation, or GDPR, which requirescompanies
 to meet new requirements effective as of May 2018 regarding the handling of personal data, including its use, protection and the abilityof
 persons whose data is stored to correct or delete such data about themselves. Failure to meet GDPR requirements could result in penalties of upto
 4% of worldwide revenue. In addition, the interpretation and application of consumer and data protection laws in the United States, Europe andelsewhere
 are often uncertain and fluid, and may be interpreted and applied in a manner that is inconsistent with our data practices. If so, we maybe
 ordered to change our data practices and/or be fined. Complying with these changing laws has caused, and could continue to cause, us to incursubstanti
al costs, which could have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations. Further, failure to comply with existing or new rulesmay result in significant penalties or orders to stop the allege
d noncompliant activity.We
 may have exposure to additional tax liabilities and our operating results may be adversely impacted by higher than expected taxrates.
As
 a multinational corporation, we are subject to income taxes as well as non-income based taxes, such as payroll, sales, use, value-added, networth,
 property  and  goods  and  services  taxes,  in  both  the  United  States  and  various  foreign  jurisdictions.  Our  domestic  and  international  taxliabilities
 are  subject  to  the  allocation  of  revenue  and  expenses  in  different  jurisdictions.  Significant  judgment  is  required  in  determining  ourworldwide provision for income taxes and other
 tax liabilities. Further, changes in United States federal, and state or international tax laws applicableto
 multinational corporations or other fundamental law changes may materially impact our tax expense and cash flows, as we experienced in fiscalyear 2018 with the passage of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, or TCJA.
Our
 future  effective  tax  rate  may  be  affected  by  such  factors  as  changes  in  tax  laws,  changes  in  our  business  or  statutory  rates,  changes  injurisdictions
 in which our profits are determined to be earned and taxed, changes in available tax credits, the resolution of issues arising from taxaudits, changes in United States
 generally accepted accounting principles, adjustments to income taxes upon finalization of tax returns, increases inexpenses not deductible for tax purposes, chang
es in the valuation of our deferred tax assets and liabilities and in deferred tax valuation allowances,changing
 interpretation of existing laws or regulations, the impact of accounting for stock-based compensation and the recognition of excess taxbenefits
 and tax deficiencies within the income tax provision in the period in which they occur, the impact of accounting for business combinations,shifts
 in the amount of earnings in the United States compared with other regions in the world and overall levels of income before tax, changes inour
 international organization, as well as the expiration of statute of limitations and settlements of audits. Any changes in our effective tax rate mayreduce our net income.
Our business is exposed to the risks associated with litigation, investigations and regulatory proceedings.
We
 currently  and  may  in  the  future  face  legal,  administrative  and  regulatory  proceedings,  claims,  demands  and/or  investigations  involvingshareholder,
 consumer, competition and/or other issues relating to our business on a global basis. For example, multiple securities litigation claimshave
 recently been filed against us and certain of our officers based on the dissemination of allegedly false and misleading statements related tochannel
 inventory and the impact of cryptocurrency mining on GPU demand. In addition, a stockholder, purporting to act on behalf of the Company,filed a derivative lawsuit seeking to assert
 claims on behalf of the Company against the members of our board of directors and certain officers basedon
 the dissemination of allegedly false and misleading statements related to channel inventory and the impact of cryptocurrency mining on GPUdemand.
Litigation
 and  regulatory  proceedings  are  inherently  uncertain,  and  adverse  rulings  could  occur,  including  monetary  damages,  or  an  injunctionstopping us
 from manufacturing or selling certain products, engaging in certain business practices, or requiring other remedies, such as compulsorylicensing
 of patents. An unfavorable outcome or settlement may result in a material adverse impact on our business, results of operations, financialposition, and overall trends. In addition, regardl
ess of the outcome, litigation can be costly, time-consuming, and disruptive to our operations.19
Table of ContentsIn addition, the
 laws and regulations our business is subject to are complex and change frequently. We may be required to incur significant expenseto comply with changes in, or remedy violations of, these laws and reg
ulations.Delaware
 law and provisions in our certificate of incorporation, our bylaws and our agreement with Microsoft Corporation could delay orprevent a change in control.
Our
 status as a Delaware corporation and the anti-takeover provisions of the Delaware General Corporation Law may discourage, delay, or preventa
 change in control by prohibiting us from engaging in a business combination with an interested shareholder for a period of three years after theperson becomes an interested shareh
older, even if a change of control would be beneficial to our existing shareholders. In addition, our certificate ofincorporation
 and bylaws contain provisions that could make it more difficult for a third party to acquire a majority of our outstanding voting stock.These provisions include
 the following:•
the ability of our Board of Directors to create and issue preferred stock without prior shareholder approval;•
the prohibition of shareholder action by written consent;•
advance notice requirements for director nominations and shareholder proposals;•
the ability of our Board of Directors to increase or decrease the number of directors without shareholder approval;•
a super-majority voting requirement to amend some provisions in our certificate of incorporation and bylaws;•
the inability of our shareholders to call special meetings of shareholders; and•
the ability of our Board of Directors to make, amend or repeal our bylaws.On
 March  5,  2000,  we  entered  into  an  agreement  with  Microsoft  in  which  we  agreed  to  develop  and  sell  graphics  chips  and  to  license  certaintechnology to Microsoft and its licensees for use in the Xbox. Under the agre
ement, if an individual or corporation makes an offer to purchase sharesequal
 to or greater than 30% of the outstanding shares of our common stock, Microsoft may have first and last rights of refusal to purchase thestock.
 The Microsoft provision and the other factors listed above could also delay or prevent a change in control of NVIDIA. These provisions couldalso discourage proxy contests and make it
 more difficult for shareholders to elect directors of their choosing and to cause us to take other corporateactions they desire.
ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS
Not applicable.
ITEM 2. PROPERTIES
Our
 headquarters complex is located in Santa Clara, California. It includes twelve leased commercial buildings totaling 1,093,529  square  feet, andreal
 property that we own totaling 720,046  square feet. Our owned property consists of two commercial buildings and a building under construction.The construction is targeted for completion in fiscal year 2022. In additi
on, we also lease data center space in Santa Clara, California.Outside
 of  Santa  Clara,  California,  we  lease  facilities  in  a  number  of  regional  facilities  in  other  U.S.  locations  that  are  used  as  research  anddevelopm
ent centers and/or sales and administrative offices. Outside of the United States, we own a building in Hyderabad, India, that is being usedprimarily
 as  a  research  and  development  center.  We  also  lease  facilities  in  various  international  locations  that  are  used  as  research  anddevelopment
 centers and/or sales and administrative offices. These leased facilities are located primarily in Asia and Europe. In addition, we alsolease data center space in various locatio
ns around the world.We
 believe that  we currently  have sufficient  facilities  to  conduct  our  operations  for  the  next  twelve  months.  For  additional  information  regardingobligations under leases, refer to Note 3
 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part IV, Item 15 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, which information is hereby incorporated by reference.
ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS
Please see 
Note 13  of the Notes  to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part IV, Item 15 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for a discussion ofour legal proceedings.
ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES
Not Applicable.
20
Table of ContentsPART II
ITEM
 5.  MARKET  FOR  REGISTRANT’S  COMMON  EQUITY,  RELATED  STOCKHOLDER  MATTERS  AND  ISSUERPURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES
Our
 common stock is traded on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol NVDA. Public trading of our common stock began on January22,
 1999.  Prior  to  that,  there  was  no  public  market  for  our  common  stock.  As  of February  14,  2020,  we  had  approximately  301  registeredshareholders, not including those sh
ares held in street or nominee name.Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities
Beginning August 200
4, our Board of Directors authorized us to repurchase our stock.Since
 the  inception  of  our  share  repurchase  program,  we  have  repurchased  an  aggregate  of 260  million shares  for  a total  cost  of $7.08  billionthrough 
January 26, 2020 . All shares delivered from these repurchases have been p laced into treasury stock.As
 of January  26, 2020,  we are authorized, subject to certain specifications, to repurchase shares of our common stock up to $7.24 billion  through December 2022.
The
 repurchases can be made in the open market, in privately negotiated transactions, or in structured share repurchase programs, and can bemade
 in one or more larger repurchases, in compliance with Rule 10b-18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, subject to marketconditions,
 applicable legal requirements, and other factors. The program does not obligate NVIDIA to acquire any particular amount of commonstock and the program may be suspended at any time at our discretion.
In November 2018, we
 communicated our intent to return $3.00 billion to shareholders by the end of fiscal year 2020, including $700 million in sharerepurchas
es made during the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2019. In fiscal year 2020, we returned $390 million in quarterly cash dividends. We did notrepurchase any shares during fiscal year 2020. We inten
d to return to repurchasing shares after closing the acquisition of Mellanox.Restricted Stock Unit Share Withholding
We
 also withhold common stock shares associated with net share settlements to cover tax withholding obligations upon the vesting of restrictedstock
 unit awards under our employee equity incentive program. During fiscal year 2020 ,  we withheld approximately 3 million  shares  at a total costof 
$551 million through  net share settlements. Refer to Note 4 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part IV, Item 15 of thisAnnual Report on Form 10-K for further discussion regarding our eq
uity incentive plans.21
Table of ContentsStock Performance Graphs 
The
 following graph compares the cumulative total shareholder return for our common stock, the S&P 500 Index, and the Nasdaq 100 Index for thefive
 years ended January 26, 2020 .  The graph assumes that $100 was invested on January 25, 2015 in our common stock and in each of the S&P500
 Index and the Nasdaq 100 Index. Our common stock is a component of each of the presented indices. Total return assumes reinvestment ofdividends in each of the indices i
ndicated. Total return is based on historical results and is not intended to indicate future performance.
*$100 invested on 1/25/15 in stock and in i
ndices, including reinvestment of dividends.The S&P
 500 index is proprietary to and are calculated, distributed and marketed by S&P Opco, LLC (a subsidiary of S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC),its
 affiliates and/or its licensors and has been licensed for use. S&P® and S&P 500®, among other famous marks, are registered trademarks ofStandard
 & Poor’s Financial Services LLC, and Dow Jones® is a registered trademark of Dow Jones Trademark Holdings LLC. © 2016 S&P DowJones Indices LLC, its affiliates and/or its licensors. All rights reserved.
 
1/25/2015  1/31/2016 1/29/2017 1/28/2018 1/27/2019 1/26/2020NVIDIA Corporation
$ 100.00  $141.43  $539.69  $1,174.93  $773.30  $1,209.46 S&P 500
$ 100.00  $97.26  $114.23  $141.55  $135.54  $161.68 Nasdaq 100
$ 100.00  $103.15  $123.34  $167.53  $166.49  $216.74 22
Table of ContentsITEM 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA 
The
 following  selected  financial  data  should  be  read  in  conjunction  with  our  financial  statements  and  the  notes  thereto,  and  with  Item  7,“Management’s
 Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.” The Consolidated Statements of Income data for fiscalyears 
2020 , 2019, and 2018  and  the Consolidated Balance Sheets data as of January 26, 2020  and January 27, 2019  have  been derived from andshould
 be read in conjunction with our audited consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto included in Part IV, Item 15 in this AnnualReport
 on Form 10-K. We operate on a 52- or 53-week year, ending on the last Sunday in January. Fiscal years 2020, 2019, 2018, and 2017 were52-week years and fiscal year 2016 was a 53-we
ek year. 
Year Ended  
January 26,2020
 January 27,2019
 January 28,2018
 January 29,2017
 January 31,2016 (A)
Consolidated Statements
 of Income Data:(In millions, except per shar e data)Revenue
$ 10,918  $11,716  $9,714  $6,910  $5,010 Income from operations
$ 2,846  $3,804  $3,210  $1,934  $747 Net income
$ 2,796  $4,141  $3,047  $1,666  $614 Net income per share:
         Basic
$ 4.59  $6.81  $5.09  $3.08  $1.13 Diluted
$ 4.52  $6.63  $4.82  $2.57  $1.08 Weighted average shares used in per 
share computation:         Basic
609  608  599  541  543 Diluted
618  625  632  649  569  
Year Ended  
January 26, 2020 (C)
 January 27, 2019 (B,C)
 January 28, 2018 (B,C)
 January 29, 2017 (B,C)
 January 31,2016 (B)
Consolidated Balance Sheets Data:
(In millions, except per shar e data)Cash, cash equivalents a
nd marketable securities$ 10,897  $7,422  $7,108  $6,798  $5,037 Total assets (D)
$ 17,315  $13,292  $11,241  $9,841  $7,370 Debt obligations
$ 1,991  $1,988  $2,000  $2,779  $1,413 Convertible debt conversion
 obligation$ —  $—  $—  $31  $87 Total shareholders’ equity
$ 12,204  $9,342  $7,471  $5,762  $4,469 Cash dividends declared and pa
id per common share (E)$ 0.640  $0.610  $0.570  $0.485  $0.395  
(A)
In  fiscal  year  2016,  we  began  the  wind  down  of  our  Icera  modem  operations.  As  a  result,  our  income  from  operations  for  fiscal  year  2016  included $131  million of restructuring and other charges.
(B)
In  fiscal year 2014, we issued Convertible Notes in the aggregate principal amount of $1.50 billion .  The Convertible Notes first became convertible as of February 1, 2016and matured on December 1, 2018.
(C)
In  fiscal  year  2017,  we  issued $1.00  billion of  the  Notes  Due  2021,  and $1.00  billion of  the  Notes  Due  2026.  Interest  on  the  Notes  is  payable  on  March  16  andSeptember 16 of each year, beginning on March 16, 2017. Refer to 
Note 12  of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part IV, Item 15 of this Annual Reporton Form 10-K for additional information.
(D)
In  fiscal  year  2020,  we  adopted  the  accounting  standards  update  regarding  the  accounting  for  leases  under  which  lease  assets  and  liabilities  are  recognized  on  thebalance sheet. Refer to Note 3 of the Notes to
 the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part IV, Item 15 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information.(E)
In  May 2015, we increased the quarterly cash dividend from $0.085 per share, or $0.34 per share on an annual basis, to $0.0975 per share, or $0.39 per share on anannual
 basis. In November 2015, we increased the quarterly cash dividend to $0.115 per share, or $0.46 per share on an annual basis. In November 2016, we increasedthe quarterly cash dividend to $0.14 per share, or $0.56
 per share on an annual basis. In November 2017, we increased the quarterly cash dividend to $0.15 per share, or$0.60 per share on an annual basis. In November 2018, we increased the quarterly cash dividend to $0.16 per share, or $0.64
 per share on an annual basis.23
Table of ContentsITEM 7. MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
The
 following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with “Item 1A. Risk Factors”,“Item
 6. Selected Financial Data”, our Consolidated Financial Statements and related Notes thereto, as well as other cautionary statements andrisks described elsewhere in this Annu
al Report on Form 10-K, before deciding to purchase, hold or sell shares of our common stock. Overview
Our Company and Our Businesses
NVIDIA
 pioneered accelerated computing to help solve the most challenging computational  problems.  Starting with a focus on PC graphics, weextended our
 focus in recent years to the revolutionary field of AI. Fueled by the sustained demand for exceptional 3D graphics and the scale of thegaming market, NVIDIA leveraged its GPU architecture to create platforms for VR, HPC, and AI.
Our two reportable segments - GPU and Tegra Processor - are based on a single und
erlying graphics architecture. From our proprietary processors,we
 have created platforms that address four large markets where our expertise is critical: Gaming, Professional Visualization, Data Center, andAutomotive.
Our
 GPU  product  brands  are  aimed  at  specialized  markets  including  GeForce  for  gamers;  Quadro  for  designers;  Tesla  and  DGX  for  AI  datascientists and big data
 researchers; and GRID for cloud-based visual computing users. Our Tegra brand incorporates GPUs and multi-core CPUs todrive supercomputing for autonomous robots, drones, and cars, as well as for game conso
les and mobile gaming and entertainment devices.Headquartered in Santa Clara, Cal
ifornia, NVIDIA was incorporated in California in April 1993 and reincorporated in Delaware in April 1998.Recent Developments, Future Objectives and Challenges
Fiscal Year 
2020  Summary 
Year Ended  
January 26, 2020
 January 27, 2019
 Change 
($ in millions, except per share data) Revenue
$ 10,918  $11,716  Down 7% Gross margin
62.0 % 61.2 % Up 80 bps Operating expenses
$ 3,922  $3,367  Up 16% Income from operations
$ 2,846  $3,804  Down 25% Net income
$ 2,796  $4,141  Down 32% Net income per diluted share
$ 4.52  $6.63  Down 32% Revenue
 for fiscal year 2020  was  $10.92 billion, down 7% from a year earlier. GPU business revenue was $9.47 billion, down 7% from a yearearlier.
 Tegra Processor business revenue - which includes Automotive, SoCs for gaming platforms, and embedded edge AI platforms - was $1.45billion, down 6% from a year earlier.
From
 a market platform perspective,  Gaming revenue was $5.52 billion, down 12% from a year ago, reflecting  lower sales of GeForce desktopGPUs and SoCs for gaming platforms, partially offset by growth in GeForce notebook GPUs.
Professional Visualizatio
n revenue was $1.21 billion, up 7% from a year ago, reflecting strength in desktop and notebook workstations.Data Center revenue was $2.98 billi
on, up 2% from a year ago, driven by vertical industry growth partially offset by lower hyperscale sales.Automotive revenue was $700 millio
n, up 9% from a year ago, reflecting growth in AI cockpit solutions and development services agreements.24
Table of ContentsOEM and Other revenue was $505 million, down 34% from a year ago, primarily du
e to the absence of cryptocurrency-specific product sales.Gross
 margin for fiscal year 2020 was 62.0%, up 80 basis points from a year ago, primarily driven by reduced inventory provisions and the sale ofpreviously written-off components.
Operating
 expenses  for  fiscal  year  2020  were  $3.92  billion,  up  16%  from  a  year  ago,  reflecting  primarily  employee  additions  and  increases  inemployee compensation and other relate
d costs, including stock-based compensation and infrastructure costs.Income
 from operations for fiscal year 2020  was  $2.85 billion, down 25% from  a year earlier.  Net income and net  income per diluted share forfiscal
 year 2020  were  $2.80  billion  and  $4.52,  respectively,  both  down  32%  from  a  year  earlier  reflecting  lower  revenue  and  higher  operatingexpenses.
On
 March 10, 2019, we entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger, or the Merger Agreement, with Mellanox Technologies Ltd., or Mellanox,pursuant
 to which we will acquire all of the issued and outstanding common shares of Mellanox for $125  per  share in cash, representing a totalenterprise
 value of approximately $6.9 billion  as  of the date of the Merger Agreement. The Merger Agreement contains customary representations,warranties
 and covenants. The consummation of the merger is conditioned on the receipt of the approval of Mellanox shareholders, as well as thesatisfaction
 of other customary closing conditions, including domestic and foreign regulatory approvals and performance in all material respects byeach
 party of its obligations under the Merger Agreement. In June 2019, Mellanox shareholders approved the consummation of the merger and wereceived
 regulatory approvals for the deal from Mexico in July 2019 and from the European Commission in December 2019. In addition, the waitingperiod
 under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as amended, in connection with the proposed acquisition expired in May2019.
 Discussions with China's regulatory agency, the State Administration for Market Regulation, are progressing and we believe the acquisitionwill
 likely close in the early part of calendar 2020. If the Merger Agreement is terminated under certain circumstances involving the failure to obtainthe required regulatory approvals, we could b
e obligated to pay Mellanox a termination fee of $350 million . In November 2018, we
 communicated our intent to return $3.00 billion to shareholders by the end of fiscal year 2020, including $700 million in sharerepurchas
es made during the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2019. In fiscal year 2020, we returned $390 million  in  quarterly cash dividends. We did notrepurchase any shares during fiscal year 2020. We inten
d to return to repurchasing shares after closing the acquisition of Mellanox.Cash,
 cash equivalents and marketable securities were $10.90 billion as of January  26, 2020,  compared with $7.42 billion as of January  27, 2019. The increase primarily reflects growth in operating cash flow.
In
 January 2020, a novel strain of coronavirus was identified in China, resulting in shutdowns of manufacturing and commerce, as well as globaltravel
 restrictions  to contain the virus.  The impact  has extended  to other  regions.  We have operations  and employees  in China, and the regionrepresents
 an important end market for our products. Our customers and suppliers within China and neighboring countries are also affected by thecoronavirus
 related restrictions and closures. The coronavirus is expected to have a negative effect on our financial results, though the full extentand duration is uncertain and coul
d have a material negative impact on our business.GPU Business
In
 Gaming, we extended NVIDIA’s family of Turing-based GPUs with the GeForce GTX 1660 Ti, GTX 1660 and GTX 1650, as well as with our newSUPER
 line, including the GeForce RTX 2080 SUPER, RTX 2070 SUPER, RTX 2060 SUPER, GTX 1660 SUPER, and GTX 1650 SUPER; andaccelerated
 momentum of ray-tracing games by supporting a growing list of titles; introduced new RTX Studio laptops powered by GeForce RTXand
 Quadro RTX GPUs for online and studio-based creatives and prosumer customers;  unveiled two new models of the SHIELD TV streamingmedia player; and introduced two new service offerin
gs for GeForce NOW cloud gaming service.In
 Professional Visualization, we expanded adoption of NVIDIA RTX ray-tracing technology by 3D application providers; rolled out a full range ofTuring-based
 Quadro GPUs for mobile workstations, incorporating ray tracing for product design, architecture, effects and scientific visualization;and unveiled the NVIDIA Omniverse open-co
llaboration platform to simplify creative workflows for content creation.In
 Data Center, we introduced the NVIDIA CUDA-X AI platform for accelerating data science; announced availability of NVIDIA T4 Tensor CoreGPUs
 from leading OEMs and cloud service providers; unveiled the DGX SuperPOD; and announced support for Arm CPUs, providing a new pathto build AI-enabled exascale supercomputer
s, as well as a collaboration with Arm and others on a reference design for GPU accelerated Arm-basedservers.
 We  launched  the  NVIDIA  EGX  Intelligent  Edge  Computing  Platform,  bringing  accelerated  AI  to  vertical  industries;  and  announced  acollaboration to integrate Microsoft
25
Table of ContentsAzure
 with EGX,  as well as plans for  a scalable GPU-accelerated  supercomputer  in the Microsoft  Azure cloud. Additionally, we entered  the 5Gtelecom
 market,  enabling  telcos  to  build  efficient,  virtualized  5G  RANs;  announced  a  collaboration  to  deliver  software-defined  5G  RAN;  andannounced that Alibaba a
nd Baidu’s recommendation engines run on NVIDIA AI.Tegra Processor Business
In
 our Automotive platform, we announced a partnership with Toyota Research Institute-Advanced Development to develop, train and validate self-driving
 vehicles; unveiled the NVIDIA DRIVE AP2X automated driving solution, encompassing DRIVE AutoPilot software, DRIVE AGX and DRIVEvalidation
 tools; introduced the NVIDIA DRIVE AV Safety Force Field to enable safe, comfortable driving experiences; and announced availability ofthe NVIDIA DRIVE Constellation auton
omous vehicle simulation platform.Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates
Management’s
 discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations are based upon our consolidated financial statements, whichhave
 been prepared in accordance with accounting  principles generally accepted in the United States,  or U.S. GAAP.  The preparation  of thesefinancial
 statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue, cost of revenue,expenses
 and related disclosure of contingencies. On an on-going basis, we evaluate our estimates, including those related to inventories, revenuerecognition,
 income taxes, and goodwill. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that are believed to bereasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgme
nts about the carrying values of assets and liabilities.We
 believe  the  following  critical  accounting  policies  affect  our  significant  judgments  and  estimates  used  in  the  preparation  of  our  consolidatedfinancial
 statements. Our management has discussed the development and selection of these critical accounting policies and estimates with theAudit
 Committee  of  our  Board  of  Directors.  The  Audit  Committee  has  reviewed  our  disclosures  relating  to  our  critical  accounting  policies  andestimates in this Annual Report on Form 10-K.
Inventories
Inventory
 cost is computed on an adjusted standard basis, which approximates actual cost on an average or first-in, first-out basis. We charge costof
 sales for inventory provisions to write down our inventory to the lower of cost or net realizable value or to completely write off obsolete or excessinventory.
 Most of our inventory provisions relate to the write-off of excess quantities of products or components, based on our inventory levels andfuture product purchase commitments compared to assumptions about future demand and m
arket conditions. Situations
 that  may  result  in excess  or  obsolete  inventory  include changes in business  and economic  conditions,  changes  in market  conditions,sudden and significant decre
ases in demand for our products, inventory obsolescence because of changing technology and customer requirements,failure
 to estimate customer demand properly, or unexpected competitive pricing actions by our competition. In addition, cancellation or deferral ofcustomer purchase orders could result in our holding exc
ess inventory.The
 overall net effect on our gross margin from inventory provisions and sales of items previously written down was insignificant in fiscal year 2020and
 an unfavorable impact of 2.0% in fiscal year 2019 .  The charges we took to cost of sales for inventory provisions during fiscal year 2019 wereprimarily
 related to excess DRAM, other components, and prior architecture components and chips. As a fabless semiconductor company, we mustmake
 commitments  to  purchase  inventory  based  on  forecasts  of  future  customer  demand.  In  doing  so,  we  must  account  for  our  third-partymanufacturers'
 lead times and constraints. We also adjust to other market factors, such as product offerings and pricing actions by our competitors,new product transitions, and macroeconomic conditi
ons - all of which may impact demand for our products.Refer to the Gross Profit and Gross Margin discussion below in this Management's Disc
ussion and Analysis for further discussion.Revenue Recognition
We
 derive our revenue from product sales, including hardware and systems, license and development arrangements, and software licensing. Wedetermine
 revenue recognition through the following steps: (1) identification of the contract with a customer; (2) identification of the performanceobligations
 in the contract; (3) determination of the transaction price; (4) allocation of the transaction price to the performance obligations in thecontract; and (5) recognition of revenue when, or as, we satisfy a performance obligatio
n.26
Table of ContentsProduct Sales Revenue
Revenue
 from product sales is recognized upon transfer of control of promised products to customers in an amount that reflects the considerationwe
 expect  to  receive  in  exchange  for  those  products.  Revenue  is  recognized  net  of  allowances  for  returns,  customer  programs  and  any  taxescollected from customers.
For
 products sold with a right of return, we record a reduction to revenue by establishing a sales return allowance for estimated product returns atthe
 time revenue is recognized, based primarily on historical return rates. However, if product returns for a fiscal period are anticipated to exceedhistorical
 return rates, we may determine that additional sales return allowances are required to properly reflect our estimated exposure for productreturns.
Our
 customer programs involve rebates, which are designed to serve as sales incentives to resellers of our products in various target markets, andmarketing
 development funds, or MDFs, which represent monies paid to our partners that are earmarked for market segment development and aredesigned to support our partners’ activities whil
e also promoting NVIDIA products. We account for customer programs as a reduction to revenue andaccrue for potential rebates and MDFs based on the amount we exp
ect to be claimed by customers.License and Development Arrangements
Our
 license and development arrangements with customers typically require significant customization of our intellectual property components. As aresult,
 we  recognize  the  revenue  from  the  license  and  the  revenue  from  the  development  services  as  a  single  performance  obligation  over  theperiod in which the developme
nt services are performed. We measure progress to completion based on actual cost incurred to date as a percentageof
 the estimated total cost required to complete each project. If a loss on an arrangement becomes probable during a period, we record a provisionfor such loss in that period.
Refer
 to  Note  1  of  the  Notes  to  the  Consolidated  Financial  Statements  in  Part  IV,  Item  15  of  this  Annual  Report  on  Form  10-K  for  additionalinformation.
Income Taxes
We
 recognize federal, state and foreign current tax liabilities or assets based on our estimate of taxes payable or refundable in the current fiscalyear
 by tax jurisdiction. We recognize federal, state and foreign deferred tax assets or liabilities, as appropriate, for our estimate of future tax effectsattributable
 to temporary differences and carryforwards; and we record a valuation allowance to reduce any deferred tax assets by the amount ofany tax benefits that, based on available evi
dence and judgment, are not expected to be realized.Our
 calculation  of  deferred  tax  assets  and  liabilities  is  based  on  certain  estimates  and  judgments  and  involves  dealing  with  uncertainties  in  theapplication
 of complex tax laws. Our estimates of deferred tax assets and liabilities may change based, in part, on added certainty or finality to ananticipated
 outcome, changes in accounting standards or tax laws in the United States, or foreign jurisdictions where we operate, or changes inother
 facts  or  circumstances.  In  addition,  we  recognize  liabilities  for  potential  United  States  and  foreign  income  tax  contingencies  based  on  ourestimate
 of whether, and the extent to which, additional taxes may be due. If we determine that payment of these amounts is unnecessary or if therecorded
 tax liability is less than our current assessment, we may be required to recognize an income tax benefit or additional income tax expensein our financial statements accordingly.
As
 of January  26, 2020,  we had a valuation allowance of $621 million related to state and certain foreign deferred tax assets that managementdetermined
 are not likely to be realized due to jurisdictional projections of future taxable income and potential utilization limitations of tax attributesacquired
 as  a  result  of  stock  ownership  changes.  To  the  extent  realization  of  the  deferred  tax  assets  becomes  more-likely-than-not,  we  wouldrecognize such deferred tax asset as an income tax benefit during the p
eriod.We
 recognize the benefit from a tax position only if it is more-likely-than-not that the position would be sustained upon audit based solely on thetechnica
l merits of the tax position. Our policy is to include interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits as a component of income taxexpense.
Refer
 to  Note  14  of  the  Notes  to  the  Consolidated  Financial  Statements  in  Part  IV,  Item  15  of  this  Annual  Report  on  Form  10-K  for  additionalinformation.
Goodwill
Goodwill
 is subject to our annual impairment test during the fourth quarter of our fiscal year, or earlier, if indicators of potential impairment exist,using
 either a qualitative or a quantitative assessment. Our impairment review process compares the fair value of the reporting unit in which thegoodwill resides to its carrying value. We have id
entified two reporting units,27
Table of ContentsGPU and Tegra Processor, for the
 purposes of completing our goodwill analysis. Goodwill assigned to the GPU and Tegra Processor reporting unitsas of 
January 26, 2020  was $210 million  and $408 million ,  respectively. Determining the fair value of a reporting unit requires us to make judgmentsand
 involves the use of significant estimates and assumptions. We also make judgments and assumptions in allocating assets and liabilities to eachof
 our  reporting  units.  We  base  our  fair  value  estimates  on  assumptions  we  believe  to  be  reasonable  but  that  are  unpredictable  and  inherentlyuncertain.
We performed our
 annual goodwill assessment during the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2020 using a qualitative assessment and concluded there wasno goodwill impairment.
Refer
 to  Note  6  of  the  Notes  to  the  Consolidated  Financial  Statements  in  Part  IV,  Item  15  of  this  Annual  Report  on  Form  10-K  for  additionalinformation.
Results of Operations
A
 discussion regarding our financial condition and results of operations for fiscal year 2020 compared to fiscal year 2019 is presented below. Adiscussi
on regarding our financial condition and results of operations for fiscal year 2019 compared to fiscal year 2018 can be found under Item 7 inour
 Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 27, 2019, filed with the SEC on February 21, 2019, which is available free ofcharge on the SEC’s website at http://www.sec.gov and at our investor relatio
ns website, http://investor.nvidia.com.The
 following  table  sets  forth,  for  the  periods  indicated,  certain  items  in  our  Consolidated  Statements  of  Income  expressed  as  a  percentage  ofrevenue. 
  
Year Ended  
January 26, 2020
 January 27, 2019
Revenue
100.0  %  100.0  % Cost of revenue
38.0  38.8 Gross profit
62.0  61.2 Operating expenses:
   Research and development
25.9  20.3 Sales, general and administrative
10.0  8.5 Total operating expenses
35.9  28.7 Income from operations
26.1  32.5 Interest income
1.6  1.2 Interest expense
(0.5 ) (0.5 )Other, net
—  0.1 Total other income
1.1  0.8 Income before income tax expense
27.2  33.3 Income tax expense (benefit)
1.6  (2.1 )Net income
25.6  % 35.3  %Revenue
Revenue by Reportable Segments
 
Year Ended  
January 26, 2020
 January 27, 2019
 $Change
 %Change
 
($ in millions) GPU
$ 9,465  $10,175  $(710 ) (7 )%Tegra Processor
1,453  1,541  (88 ) (6 )%Total
$ 10,918  $11,716  $(798 ) (7 )%GPU
 Business. GPU  business revenue decreased by 7%  in fiscal year 2020  compared  to fiscal year 2019 ,  which reflects a decline in GPUs soldfor gaming. GeForce GPU product sales for gaming decreased by 10%, reflecting low
er sales of GeForce28
Table of Contentsdesktop
 GPUs and SoCs for gaming platforms, partially offset by growth in GeForce notebook GPUs. Revenue from Quadro GPUs for professionalvisualization
 increased  by 7%, reflecting  strength  in desktop  and notebook workstations.  Data Center  revenue,  which includes Tesla,  GRID  andDGX, increased by 2%, driven by vertical industry growth partially offset by lower hypersca
le sales.Tegra
 Processor Business.  Tegra Processor business revenue decreased by 6%  in fiscal year 2020 compared  to fiscal  year 2019.  This wasdriven
 by a decline in revenue from SoCs for gaming platforms, which was partially offset by an increase of 9% in Automotive revenue, reflectinggrowth in AI cockpit solutions and develo
pment services agreements.Concentration of Revenue
Revenue
 from  sales  to  customers  outside  of  the  United  States  accounted  for  92%  and  87%  of  total  revenue  for  fiscal  years 2020  and 2019 , respectively
.  Revenue by geographic region is allocated to individual countries based on the location to which the products are initially billed even ifthe revenue is attributable to end customers in a different location.
Dell
 represented approximately 11% of our total revenue for fiscal year 2020 and was attributable to the GPU business. No customer represented10% or more of total revenue for fiscal year 
2019 . Gross Profit and Gross Margin
Gross
 profit consists of total revenue, net of allowances, less cost of revenue. Cost of revenue consists primarily of the cost of semiconductorspurchased
 from subcontractors, including wafer fabrication, assembly, testing and packaging, board and device costs, manufacturing support costs,including
 labor and overhead associated with such purchases, final test yield fallout, inventory and warranty provisions, memory and componentcosts,
 and shipping costs. Cost of revenue also includes development costs for license and service arrangements and stock-based compensationrelated to personnel associated with manufacturi
ng.Our
 overall  gross  margin  was 62.0%  and 61.2%  for  fiscal  years 2020  and 2019 ,  respectively.  The  increase  in  fiscal  year  2020  was  driven  byreduced inventory provisions and the sal
e of previously written-off components.Inventory
 provisions  totaled  $161  million  and  $270  million  for  fiscal  years  2020  and  2019,  respectively.  Sales  of  inventory  that  was  previouslywritten-off
 or written-down totaled $145 million and $41 million for fiscal years 2020 and 2019, respectively. As a result, the overall net effect on ourgross margin was insignificant in fiscal year 202
0 and an unfavorable impact of 2.0% in fiscal year 2019.A discussion of our gross margin results for each of our reportable segments is as follows:
GPU Business.
 The  gross margin of our GPU business increased during fiscal year 2020 when compared to fiscal year 2019, primarily driven byreduced inventory provisions and the sal
e of previously written-off components.Tegra Processor Business.
 The  gross margin of our Tegra Processor business was relatively flat during fiscal year 2020 when compared to fiscalyear 2019.
Operating Expenses
 
Year Ended  
January 26, 2020
 January 27, 2019
 $Change
 %Change
 
($ in millions) Research and development
 expenses$ 2,829  $2,376  $453  19 %% of net revenue
25.9 % 20.3 %    Sales, general and admini
strative expenses1,093  991  102  10 %% of net revenue
10.0 % 8.5 %    Total operating expenses
$ 3,922  $3,367  $555  16 %Research and Development
Research
 and development expenses increased by 19%  in fiscal year 2020  compared  to fiscal year 2019 ,  driven primarily by employee additionsand increases in employee compens
ation and other related costs, including infrastructure costs and stock-based compensation expense.29
Table of ContentsSales, General and Administrative
Sales,
 general  and  administrative  expenses  increased  by 10%  in  fiscal  year 2020  compared  to  fiscal  year 2019 ,  driven  primarily  by  employeeadditions and increases in empl
oyee compensation and other related costs, including infrastructure costs and stock-based compensation expense.Total Other Income, Net
Interest Income and Interest Expense
Interest
 income consists of interest earned on cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities. Interest income was $178 million  and  $136 million in fiscal years 
2020  and 2019 , respectively. The increase in interest income was primarily due to hig her average invested balances.Interest
 expense is primarily comprised of coupon interest and debt discount amortization related to the 2.20% Notes Due 2021 and 3.20% NotesDue 2026 issued in September 20
16. Interest expense was $52 million  and $58 million  in fiscal years 2020  and 2019 , respectively. Other, Net
Other,
 net,  consists  primarily  of  realized  or  unrealized  gains  and  losses  from  non-affiliated  investments  and  the  impact  of  changes  in  foreigncurrency
 rates. Other, net, was not significant during fiscal year 2020 and was $14 million of income during fiscal year 2019, consisting primarily of$12 million unrealized g
ains from non-affiliated investments.Income Taxes
We
 recognized income tax expense of $174 million for fiscal year 2020 and income tax benefit of $245 million for fiscal year 2019. Our annualeffective
 tax rate was 5.9% and (6.3)% for fiscal years 2020 and 2019, respectively. The increase in our effective tax rate in fiscal year 2020 ascompared to fiscal year 2019 was primarily due to a
 decrease of tax benefits from stock-based compensation and an absence of tax benefits relatedto the enactment of the TCJA.
Our
 effective  tax  rate  for  fiscal  years  2020  and  2019  was  lower  than  the  U.S.  federal  statutory  rate  of  21%  due  primarily  to  income  earned  injurisdictions,
 including the British Virgin Islands and Hong Kong, where the tax rate was lower than the U.S. federal statutory tax rates, favorablerecognition
 of U.S. federal research tax credits, excess tax benefits related to stock-based compensation, and the finalization of the enactment-dateincome tax effects of the TCJA in 2019.
Refer
 to  Note  14  of  the  Notes  to  the  Consolidated  Financial  Statements  in  Part  IV,  Item  15  of  this  Annual  Report  on  Form  10-K  for  additionalinformation.
Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 
January 26, 2020
 January 27, 2019
 
(In millions) Cash and cash equivalents
$ 10,896  $782 Marketable securities
1  6,640 Cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securiti
es$ 10,897  $7,422  
Year Ended  
January 26, 2020
 January 27, 2019
 
(In millions) Net cash provided by operating activities
$ 4,761  $3,743 Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities
$ 6,145  $(4,097 ) Net cash used in financing activities
$ (792 ) $(2,866 ) As of 
January 26, 2020 , we had $10.90 billion  in cash,  cash equivalents and marketable securities, an increase of $3.48 billion  from the end of fiscal year 
2019 .  Our investment policy requires the purchase of highly rated fixed income securities, the diversification of investment types and creditexposures, and certain limits on our portfolio duration.
30
Table of ContentsCash
 provided by operating activities increased in fiscal year 2020 compared to fiscal year 2019, primarily due to changes in working capital drivenby a reduction in inventory, partially offset by a decrease in operati
ng income.Cash
 used in investing activities decreased in fiscal year 2020 compared to fiscal year 2019, primarily due to lower purchases, higher sales, andlower maturities of marketable securities in preparation for the acquisiti
on of Mellanox.Cash
 used in financing activities decreased in fiscal year 2020 compared to fiscal year 2019, primarily due to no share repurchases in fiscal year2020 and lower tax payments related to employee stock pl
ans.Liquidity
Our
 primary sources of liquidity are our cash and cash equivalents, our marketable securities, and the cash generated by our operations. As ofJanuary 26, 2020
, we had $ 10.90 billion  in  cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities. We believe that we have sufficient liquidity to meet ouroperating
 requirements  for at least the next twelve months,  including our proposed acquisition of Mellanox. Refer to Note 2 of the Notes to theConsolidated Financi
al Statements in Part IV, Item 15 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information.Our marketable securities consist of
 debt securities issued by the United States government and its agencies, highly rated corporations and financialinstitutions,
 asset-backed issuers, and foreign government entities. These marketable securities are denominated in United States dollars. Refer toNote 8 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financi
al Statements in Part IV, Item 15 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information.During
 fiscal year 2021, we expect our capital investment to be approximately $700 million to $900 million to fund property and equipment includingconstruction of a new building at our Santa Cl
ara campus.As a
 result of the TCJA, substantially all of our cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities held outside of the United States as of January 26,2020
 are  available  for  use  in  the  United  States  without  incurring  additional  U.S.  federal  income  taxes.  Refer  to  Note  14  of  the  Notes  to  theConsolidated Financi
al Statements in Part IV, Item 15 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information.Capital Return to Shareholders
In November 2018, we
 communicated our intent to return $3.00 billion to shareholders by the end of fiscal year 2020, including $700 million in sharerepurchas
es made during the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2019. In fiscal year 2020, we returned $390 million  in  quarterly cash dividends. We did notrepurchase
 any shares during fiscal year 2020. We intend to return to repurchasing shares after closing the acquisition of Mellanox. As of January26,
 2020, we are authorized, subject to certain specifications, to repurchase shares of our common stock up to $7.24  billion through  December2022.
Our
 cash dividend program and the payment of future cash dividends under that program are subject to our Board's continuing determination thatthe
 dividend program and the declaration of dividends thereunder are in the best interests of our shareholders. Refer to Note 15 of the Notes to theConsolidated Financi
al Statements in Part IV, Item 15 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for further discussion.Outstanding Indebtedness and Credit Facilities
We have outstanding $1.00 billi
on of Notes due 2021 and $1.00 billion of Notes due 2026, collectively, the Notes.We
 have  a  Credit  Agreement  under  which  we  may  borrow  up  to  $575  million  for  general  corporate  purposes  and  can  obtain  revolving  loancommitments up to $425 million. As of 
January 26, 2020 , we had not borrowed any amounts under this agreement. We
 have  a  $575  million  commercial  paper  program  to  support  general  corporate  purposes.  As  of January  26,  2020,  we  had  not  issued  anycommercial paper.
Refer
 to  Note  12  of  the  Notes  to  the  Consolidated  Financial  Statements  in  Part  IV,  Item  15  of  this  Annual  Report  on  Form  10-K  for  furtherdiscussion.
Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements
As of January 26, 2020, we had no material off-balance she
et arrangements as defined by applicable SEC regulations.31
Table of ContentsContractual Obligations
The following table summarizes our contractual ob
ligations as of January 26, 2020 :  
Payment Due By Period Contractual Obligations
Total  Less than1 Year
 1-3 Years 4-5 Years More than5 Years
 
(In millions) Long-term debt
 (1)$ 2,248  $54  $1,078  $64  $1,052 Inventory purchase obligations
1,156  1,156  —  —  — Transition tax payable (2)
351  33  67  146  105 Operating leases (3)
773  121  219  141  292 Capital purchase obligations
186  186  —  —  — Total contractual obligations
$ 4,714  $1,550  $1,364  $351  $1,449 (1)
Represents  the  aggregate  principal  amount  of  $2.00  billion  and  anticipated  interest  payments  of  $248  million  for  the  Notes.  Refer  to Note  12 of  the  Notes  to  theConsolidated Financial Statements in Part IV, Item 15 of this 
Annual Report on Form 10-K.(2)
Represents  our remaining tax payable of the one-time transition tax that resulted from enactment of the TCJA in fiscal year 2018. As of January 26, 2020, we have paidthe
 first two installments totaling $67 million. The remaining will be payable in six annual installments. The next installment of $33 million is classified as a current incometax payable.
 The installment amounts are equal to 8% of the total liability, payable in fiscal years 2019 through 2023, 15% in fiscal year 2024, 20% in fiscal year 2025 and25% in fiscal year 2026. Refer to Note 14 of the Notes to
 the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part IV, Item 15 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.(3)
For further information, refer to Note 3 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part  IV, Item 15 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.Excluded
 from the table above are unrecognized tax benefits of $211 million which consists of $180 million and the related interest and penalties of$31 million record
ed in non-current income tax payable as of January 26, 2020. We are unable to reasonably estimate the timing of any potential taxliability
 or interest/penalty payments in individual years due to uncertainties in the underlying income tax positions and the timing of the effectivesettlement of such
 tax positions. Refer to Note 14 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part IV, Item 15 of this Annual Report onForm 10-K.
Adoption of New and Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements
Refer
 to Note 1  of  the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part IV, Item 15 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for a discussion ofadoption of new and recently issued acc
ounting pronouncements.ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK
Investment and Interest Rate Risk
We
 are  exposed  to  interest  rate  risk  related  to  our  floating  and  fixed-rate  investment  portfolio  and  outstanding  debt.  The  investment  portfolio  ismanaged consistent with our overall liq
uidity strategy in support of both working capital needs and strategic growth of our businesses.As
 of January  26, 2020,  we performed a sensitivity analysis on our floating and fixed rate financial investments. According to our analysis, parallelshifts in the yield curve of both plus or minus 0.5% would result in chan
ges in fair values for these investments of $1 million.In
 fiscal year 2017, we issued $1.00 billion of the Notes Due 2021 and $1.00 billion of the Notes Due 2026. We carry the Notes at face value lessunamortized
 discount  on  our  Consolidated  Balance  Sheets.  As  the  Notes  bear  interest  at  a  fixed  rate,  we  have  no  financial  statement  riskassociated
 with changes in interest rates. Refer to Note 12 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part IV, Item 15 of this AnnualReport on Form 10-K for additional information.
Foreign Exchange Rate Risk
We
 consider our direct exposure to foreign exchange rate fluctuations to be minimal. Gains or losses from foreign currency remeasurement areincluded
 in  other  income  or  expense  and  to  date  have  not  been  significant.  The  impact  of  foreign  currency  transaction  gain  or  loss  included  indetermining net income was not significant for fiscal years 202
0 and 2019.Sales
 and arrangements with third-party manufacturers provide for pricing and payment in United States dollars, and, therefore, are not subject toexchange
 rate fluctuations. Increases in the value of the United States’ dollar relative to other currencies would make our products more expensive,which
 could negatively impact our ability to compete. Conversely, decreases in the value of the United States’ dollar relative to other currenciescould result in our suppliers raising their
32
Table of Contentsprices
 in order to continue doing business with us. Additionally, we have international operations and incur expenditures in currencies other thanU.S. dollars. Our operating expenses benefit from a stronger dollar and are adv
ersely affected by a weaker dollar.We
 use foreign currency forward contracts to mitigate the impact of foreign currency exchange rate movements on our operating expenses. Wedesignate
 these contracts as cash flow hedges and assess the effectiveness of the hedge relationships on a spot to spot basis. Gains or losses onthe
 contracts  are  recorded  in  accumulated  other  comprehensive  income  or  loss,  and  then  reclassified  to  operating  expense  when  the  relatedoperating expenses are recognize
d in earnings or ineffectiveness should occur.We
 also use foreign currency forward contracts to mitigate the impact of foreign currency movements on monetary assets and liabilities that aredenominated
 in  currencies  other  than  U.S.  dollar.  These  forward  contracts  were  not  designated  for  hedge  accounting  treatment.  Therefore,  thechange
 in fair value of these contracts is recorded in other income or expense and offsets the change in fair value of the hedged foreign currencydenominated monetary assets and liabi
lities, which is also recorded in other income or expense.Refer
 to  Note  11  of  the  Notes  to  the  Consolidated  Financial  Statements  in  Part  IV,  Item  15  of  this  Annual  Report  on  Form  10-K  for  additionalinformation.
ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA
The information require
d by this Item is set forth in our Consolidated Financial Statements and Notes thereto included in this Annual Report on Form10-K. 
ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE
None. 
ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES
Controls and Procedures
Disclosure Controls and Procedures
Based on their evaluation as of 
January 26, 2020 , our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Ch ief Financial Officer, has concludedthat our disclosure controls and procedures
 (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the ExchangeAct) were effective to provide reasonable assurance.
Management’s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
Our
 management  is  responsible  for  establishing  and  maintaining  adequate  internal  control  over  financial  reporting,  as  such  term  is  defined  inExchange
 Act Rule 13a-15(f). Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and ChiefFinancial
 Officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of January  26, 2020 based  onthe
 criteria  set  forth  in Internal  Control  -  Integrated  Framework  (2013) issued  by  the  Committee  of  Sponsoring  Organizations  of  the  TreadwayCommission.
 Based on our evaluation under the criteria set forth in Internal  Control — Integrated Framework,  our management concluded that ourinternal control over financial reporting was effective as of 
January 26, 2020 . The
 effectiveness  of our internal  control  over financial reporting  as of January  26, 2020 has  been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers  LLP, anindependent registered pub
lic accounting firm, as stated in its report which is included herein.Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
There
 were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during our last fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonablylikely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.
Inherent Limitations on Effectiveness of Controls
Our
 management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, does not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures orour
 internal controls, will prevent all error and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable,not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are
33
Table of Contentsmet. Further, the
 design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be consideredrelative
 to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that allcontrol issues and instances of fraud, if any, within NVIDIA have be
en detected.ITEM 9B.  OTHER INFORMATION
None.
PART III
 Certain
 information  required  by  Part  III  is  omitted  from  this  report  because  we  will  file  with  the  SEC  a  definitive  proxy  statement  pursuant  toRegulation
 14A, or the 2020  Proxy  Statement, no later than 120 days after the end of fiscal year 2020, and certain information included therein isincorporated herein by reference.
ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
Identification of Directors
Information
 regarding  directors  required  by  this  item  will  be  contained  in  our 2020  Proxy  Statement  under  the  caption  “Proposal  1  -  Election  ofDirectors,” and is hereby incorporated by reference.
Identification of Executive Officers
Reference is
 made to the information regarding executive officers appearing under the heading “Executive Officers of the Registrant” in Part I of thisAnnual Report on Form 10-K, which information is hereby i
ncorporated by reference.Identification of Audit Committee and Financial Experts
Information
 regarding our Audit Committee required by this item will be contained in our 2020  Proxy  Statement under the captions “Report of theAudit
 Committee of the Board of Directors” and “Information About the Board of Directors and Corporate Governance,” and is hereby incorporatedby reference.
Material Changes to Procedures for Recommending Directors
Information
 regarding procedures for recommending directors required by this item will be contained in our 2020  Proxy Statement  under the caption“Information About the Board of Directors and Corporate Governance,” and is hereby inc
orporated by reference.Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports
Information
 regarding compliance with Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act required by this item will be contained in our 2020  Proxy Statement under the caption “Delinquent 16(a) Reports,” and is hereby i
ncorporated by reference.Code of Conduct
Information regar
ding our Code of Conduct required by this item will be contained in our 2020  Proxy Statement under the caption “Information About the Board of Directors and Corporate Governanc
e - Code of Conduct,” and is hereby incorporated by reference. The full text of our Code of Conductand
 Financial Team Code of Conduct are published on the Investor Relations portion of our website, under Governance, at www.nvidia.com. Thecontents of our website are not a part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.
  34
Table of ContentsITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION
Information regarding our executive compensation req
uired by this item will be contained in our 2020  Proxy Statement under the captions “Executive Compensation”,
 “Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation”, “Director Compensation” and “Compensation Committee Report,”and is hereby incorporated by reference.
ITEM
 12.  SECURITY  OWNERSHIP  OF  CERTAIN  BENEFICIAL  OWNERS  AND  MANAGEMENT  AND  RELATEDSTOCKHOLDER MATTERS
Ownership of NVIDIA Securities
Information
 regarding  ownership  of  NVIDIA  securities  required  by  this  item  will  be  contained  in  our 2020  Proxy  Statement  under  the  caption“Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Man
agement,” and is hereby incorporated by reference.Equity Compensation Plan Information
Information
 regarding our equity compensation plans required by this item will be contained in our 2020  Proxy  Statement under the caption "EquityCompensation Plan Information," and is hereby inc
orporated by reference.ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE
Information
 regarding related transactions and director independence required by this item will be contained in our 2020  Proxy  Statement under thecaptions
 “Review of Transactions with Related Persons” and “Information About the Board of Directors and Corporate Governance - Independenceof the Members of the Board of Directors,” and is hereby incorporated by reference.
ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES
Information
 regarding accounting fees and services required by this item will be contained in our 2020  Proxy  Statement under the caption “FeesBilled by the Independent Re
gistered Public Accounting Firm,” and is hereby incorporated by reference. 35
Table of ContentsPART IV
ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULE
 
   Page (a)
1. Financial Statements  
       Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm37  
       Consolidated Statements of Income for the years ended January 26, 2020, January 27, 2019, and January 28, 201839  
     
  Consolidated  Statements  of  Comprehensive  Income  for  the  years  ended  January  26,  2020,  January  27,  2019,  andJanuary 28, 2018
40  
       Consolidated Balance Sheets as of January 26, 2020 and January 27, 201941  
     
  Consolidated Statements of Shareholders’ Equity for the years ended January 26, 2020, January 27, 2019, and January28, 2018
42  
       Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended January 26, 2020, January 27, 2019, and January 28, 2018 43  
       Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements45  
     2. Financial Statement Schedule  
       Schedule II Valuation and Qualifying Accounts for the years ended January 26, 2020, January 27, 2019, January 28, 201870  
     3. Exhibits  
     
  The exhibits listed in the accompanying index to exhibits are filed or incorporated by reference as a part of this AnnualReport on Form 10-K.
71 36
Table of ContentsReport of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
To the Stockholders and Board of Directors of NVIDIA Corporation
Opinions on the Financial Statements and Internal Control over Financial Reporting
We
 have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of NVIDIA Corporation and its subsidiaries (the "Company") as of January 26,2020
 and January 27, 2019, and the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, shareholders’ equity and cash flows foreach
 of  the  three  years  in  the  period  ended  January  26,  2020,  including  the  related  notes  and  financial  statement  schedule  listed  in  the  indexappearing
 under Item 15(a)(2) (collectively referred to as the “consolidated financial statements”). We also have audited the Company's internalcontrol over
 financial reporting as of January 26, 2020, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by theCommittee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commissi
on (COSO).In
 our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Companyas
 of January 26, 2020 and January 27, 2019, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period endedJanuary
 26, 2020 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Also in our opinion, the Companymaintain
ed, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of January 26, 2020, based on criteria established in InternalControl - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the COSO.
Change in Accounting Principle
As
 discussed in Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company changed the manner in which it accounts for leases in fiscal year2020.
Basis for Opinions
The
 Company's  management  is  responsible  for  these  consolidated  financial  statements,  for  maintaining  effective  internal  control  over  financialreporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, inc
luded in Management's Annual Report on InternalControl
 over  Financial  Reporting  appearing  under  Item  9A.  Our  responsibility  is  to  express  opinions  on  the  Company’s  consolidated  financialstatements
 and on the Company's internal control over financial reporting based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with thePublic
 Company  Accounting  Oversight  Board  (United  States)  (PCAOB)  and  are  required  to  be  independent  with  respect  to  the  Company  inaccordance
 with  the  U.S.  federal  securities  laws  and  the  applicable  rules  and  regulations  of  the  Securities  and  Exchange  Commission  and  thePCAOB.
We
 conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtainreasonable
 assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, andwhether effective internal control over financial reportin
g was maintained in all material respects.Our
 audits of the consolidated financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidatedfinancia
l statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, ona
 test  basis,  evidence  regarding  the  amounts  and  disclosures  in  the  consolidated  financial  statements.  Our  audits  also  included  evaluating  theaccounting
 principles  used  and  significant  estimates  made  by  management,  as  well  as  evaluating  the  overall  presentation  of  the  consolidatedfinancial
 statements.  Our  audit  of  internal  control  over  financial  reporting  included  obtaining  an  understanding  of  internal  control  over  financialreporting,
 assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal controlbased
 on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances.  Webelieve that our audits provide a reasona
ble basis for our opinions.Definition and Limitations of Internal Control
 over Financial ReportingA
 company’s  internal  control  over  financial reporting  is a process  designed to  provide  reasonable assurance  regarding  the  reliability  of  financialreporting
 and  the  preparation  of  financial  statements  for  external  purposes  in  accordance  with  generally  accepted  accounting  principles.  Acompany’s
 internal  control  over  financial  reporting  includes  those  policies  and  procedures  that  (i)  pertain  to  the  maintenance  of  records  that,  inreasonab
le detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance thattransactions
 are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles,and that receipts and expenditures of the company are bei
ng made only in accordance with authorizations of management37
Table of Contentsand
 directors of the company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, ordisposition of the company’s assets that could have a materia
l effect on the financial statements.Because
 of  its  inherent  limitations,  internal  control  over  financial  reporting  may  not  prevent  or  detect  misstatements.  Also,  projections  of  anyevaluation
 of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or thatthe degree of compliance with the polici
es or procedures may deteriorate.Critical Audit Matters
The
 critical audit matter communicated  below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements  that wascommunicated
 or  required  to  be  communicated  to  the  audit  committee  and  that  (i)  relates  to  accounts  or  disclosures  that  are  material  to  theconsolidated
 financial statements and (ii) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical auditmatters
 does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating thecritical audit matter below, providing a separate opi
nion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates.Valuation of Inventories - Provisions for Excess or Obsolete Inventories
As
 described in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company charges cost of sales for inventory provisions to write down inventoryto
 the lower of cost or net realizable value or to completely write off obsolete or excess inventory. Most of the Company’s inventory provisions relateto
 the write-off of excess quantities of products, based on the Company’s inventory levels and future product purchase commitments compared toassumptions
 about future demand and market conditions. Management applies significant judgment in the valuation of inventories, which involvesestimating future demand and market conditions. As of January 26, 2020, the Comp
any’s consolidated inventories balance was $979 million.The
 principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to the valuation of inventories, specifically the provisions forexcess or
 obsolete inventories, is a critical audit matter are that there was significant judgment by management when developing their provisions forexcess
 or obsolete inventories, including management’s assumptions related to future demand and market conditions. This in turn led to significantauditor
 judgment, subjectivity, and effort in performing procedures over the provisions for excess or obsolete inventories, which included evaluatingmanagement’s assumptions related to future demand and market cond
itions.Addressing
 the  matter  involved  performing  procedures  and  evaluating  audit  evidence  in  connection  with  forming  our  overall  opinion  on  theconsolidated financial statements. These procedures included testing the
 effectiveness of controls relating to management’s provisions for excess orobsolete
 inventories, including controls over management’s assumptions related to future demand and market conditions. These procedures alsoincluded,
 among  others,  testing  management’s  process  for  developing  the  provisions  for  excess  or  obsolete  inventories;  evaluating  theappropriateness
 of  management’s  approach;  testing  the  completeness,  accuracy,  and  relevance  of  underlying  data  used  in  the  approach;  andevaluating
 the  reasonableness  of  management’s  assumptions  related  to  future  demand  and  market  conditions.  Evaluating  management’sassumptions
 related to future demand and market conditions involved evaluating whether the assumptions used by management were reasonableconsider
ing (i) current and past results, including historical product life cycle, (ii) the consistency with external market and industry data, (iii) changesin technology, and (iv) comparing prior period estimates to actual resu
lts of the same period./s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP
San Jose, California
February 20, 2020
We have served as the Company’s auditor since 200
4.  38
Table of ContentsNVIDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME
(In millions, except per share data)
 
Year Ended  
January 26, 2020
 January 27, 2019
 January 28, 2018
Revenue
$ 10,918  $11,716  $9,714 Cost of revenue
4,150  4,545  3,892 Gross profit
6,768  7,171  5,822 Operating expenses
     Research and development
2,829  2,376  1,797 Sales, general and administrative
1,093  991  815 Total operating expenses
3,922  3,367  2,612 Income from operations
2,846  3,804  3,210 Interest income
178  136  69 Interest expense
(52 ) (58 ) (61 )Other, net
(2 ) 14  (22 )Total other income (expense)
124  92  (14 )Income before income tax
2,970  3,896  3,196 Income tax expense (benefit)
174  (245 ) 149 Net income
$ 2,796  $4,141  $3,047  
     Net income per share:
     Basic
$ 4.59  $6.81  $5.09 Diluted
$ 4.52  $6.63  $4.82  
     Weighted average shares used in per share computati
on:     Basic
609  608  599 Diluted
618  625  632 See accompanying notes to the consoli
dated financial statements.39
Table of ContentsNVIDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
(In millions)
 
Year Ended  
January 26, 2020
 January 27, 2019
 January 28, 2018
 
     Net income
$ 2,796  $4,141  $3,047 Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax
     Available-for-sale debt securities:
     Net unrealized gain (loss)
8  10  (5 )Reclassification adjustments for net realized ga
in included in net income—  1  1 Net change in unrealized
 gain (loss)8  11  (4 )Cash flow hedges:
     Net unrealized gain (loss)
10  6  (1 )Reclassification adjustments for net realized ga
in (loss) included in net income(5 ) (11 ) 3 Net change in unrealized
 gain (loss)5  (5 ) 2 Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax
13  6  (2 )Total comprehensive income
$ 2,809  $4,147  $3,045 See accompanying notes to the consoli
dated financial statements.40
Table of ContentsNVIDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS
(In millions, except par value)
 
January 26, 2020
 January 27, 2019
ASSETS
   Current assets:
   Cash and cash equivalents
$ 10,896  $782 Marketable securities
1  6,640 Accounts receivable, net
1,657  1,424 Inventories
979  1,575 Prepaid expenses and other current assets
157  136 Total current assets
13,690  10,557 Property and equipment, net
1,674  1,404 Operating lease assets
618  — Goodwill
618  618 Intangible assets, net
49  45 Deferred income tax assets
548  560 Other assets
118  108 Total assets
$ 17,315  $13,292  
   LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY
Current liabilities:
   Accounts payable
$ 687  $511 Accrued and other current liabilities
1,097  818 Total current liabilities
1,784  1,329 Long-term debt
1,991  1,988 Long-term opera
ting lease liabilities561  — Other long-te
rm liabilities775  633 Total liabilities
5,111  3,950 Commitments and contingencies - see Note 13
 Shareholders’ equity:
   Preferred stock, $.001 par value; 2 shares authorized; none issued
—  — Common stock, $.001 par value; 2,000 shares authorized; 955 shares iss
ued and 612 outstandingas of January 26, 2020; 945 shares issued and 60
6 outstanding as of January 27, 20191  1 Additional paid-in capital
7,045  6,051 Treasury stock, at cost (342 shares in 2020 and 339 shares in 2019)
(9,814 )  (9,263 ) Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)
1  (12 )Retained earnings
14,971  12,565 Total shareholders' equity
12,204  9,342 Total liabilities and sha
reholders' equity$ 17,315  $13,292 See accompanying notes to the consoli
dated financial statements.41
Table of ContentsNVIDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDER
S’ EQUITY 
Common StockOutstanding
 Additional Treasury Accumulated OtherComprehensive
 Retained TotalShareholders'
(In millions, except per share data)
Shares  Amount  Paid-inCapital
  Stock  Income (Loss)  Earnings  EquityBalances, January 29, 2017
585 $1  $4,708  $(5,039)  $(16 ) $6,108  $5,762 Retained
 earnings  adjustment  due  to  adoption  of  an  accountingstandard related to stock-based compensation
—  —  —  —  —  (27 ) (27 )Other comprehensive loss
—  —  —  —  (2 ) —  (2 )Net income
—  —  —  —  —  3,047  3,047 Issuance of common stock in exchange for war
rants13  —  —  —  —  —  — Convertible debt conversion
33  —  (7 ) —  —  —  (7 )Issuance of common stock from s
tock plans 18  —  138  —  —  —  138 Tax withholding related to vesting of restricted stock units
(4 ) —  —  (612 ) —  —  (612 )Share repurchase
(6 ) —  —  (909 ) —  —  (909 )Exercise of convertible note hedges
(33 ) —  90  (90 ) —  —  — Cash dividends declared and paid ($0.570 per common share)
—  —  —  —  —  (341 ) (341 )Stock-based compensation
—  —  391  —  —  —  391 Reclassification of convertible debt conversion obligation
—  —  31  —  —  —  31 Balances, January 28, 2018
606 1  5,351  (6,650 )  (18 ) 8,787  7,471 Retained
 earnings  adjustment  due  to  adoption  of  an  accountingstandard
 related  to  income  tax  consequences  of  an  intra-entitytransfer of an asset
—  —  —  —  —  8  8 Other comprehensive income
—  —  —  —  6  —  6 Net income
—  —  —  —  —  4,141  4,141 Convertible debt conversion
1  —  —  —  —  —  — Issuance of common stock from s
tock plans 13  —  137  —  —  —  137 Tax withholding related to vesting of restricted stock units
(4 ) —  —  (1,032 )  —  —  (1,032 ) Share repurchase
(9 ) —  —  (1,579 )  —  —  (1,579 ) Exercise of convertible note hedges
(1 ) —  2  (2 ) —  —  — Cash dividends declared and paid ($0.610 per common share)
—  —  —  —  —  (371 ) (371 )Stock-based compensation
—  —  561  —  —  —  561 Balances, January 27, 2019
606  1  6,051  (9,263 )  (12 ) 12,565  9,342 Other comprehensive income
—  —  —  —  13  —  13 Net income
—  —  —  —  —  2,796  2,796 Issuance of common stock from s
tock plans 9  —  149  —  —  —  149 Tax withholding related to vesting of restricted stock units
(3 ) —  —  (551 ) —  —  (551 )Cash dividends declared and paid ($0.640 per common share)
—  —  —  —  —  (390 ) (390 )Stock-based compensation
—  —  845  —  —  —  845 Balances, January 26, 2020
612  $1  $7,045  $(9,814)  $1  $14,971 $12,204 See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements.
42
Table of ContentsNVIDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS
(In millions)
 
  Year Ended   
January 26, 2020
 January 27, 2019
 January 28, 2018
Cash flows from operating 
activities:     Net income
$ 2,796  $4,141  $3,047 Adjustments to reconcile net 
income to net cash provided by operating activities:     Stock-based compensation expense
844  557  391 Depreciation and amortization
381  262  199 Deferred income taxes
18  (315 ) (359 )Loss on early debt conversions
—  —  19 Other
5  (45 ) 20 Changes in operating 
assets and liabilities:     Accounts receivable
(233 ) (149 ) (440 )Inventories
597  (776 ) — Prepaid expenses and other assets
77  (55 ) 21 Accounts payable
194  (135 ) 90 Accrued and other c
urrent liabilities54  256  33 Other long-term liabilities
28  2  481 Net cash provided by o
perating activities4,761  3,743  3,502 Cash flows from investing activities:
     Proceeds from maturities o
f marketable securities4,744  7,232  1,078 Proceeds from sales of m
arketable securities3,365  428  863 Purchases of marketable
 securities(1,461 )  (11,148 )  (36 )Purchases of property and equipment and intang
ible assets(489 ) (600 ) (593 )Investments and other, net
(14 ) (9 ) (36 )Proceeds from sale of long-
lived assets and investments—  —  2 Net cash provided by (us
ed in) investing activities6,145  (4,097 )  1,278 Cash flows from financing activities:
     Payments related to repurchases of co
mmon stock— (1,579 )  (909 )Repayment of Convertible No
tes—  (16 ) (812 )Dividends paid
(390 ) (371 ) (341 )Proceeds related to 
employee stock plans149  137  139 Payments related to tax on restri
cted stock units(551 ) (1,032 )  (612 )Other
—  (5 ) (9 )Net cash used in financin
g activities(792 ) (2,866 )  (2,544 ) Change in cash and cash equivalents
10,114  (3,220 )  2,236 Cash and cash equivalents at beginn
ing of period782  4,002  1,766 Cash and cash equivalen
ts at end of period$ 10,896  $782  $4,002 43
Table of Contents 
Year Ended  
January 26, 2020
 January 27, 2019
 January 28, 2018
Supplemental disclosures of cash flow informa
tion:     Cash paid for income taxes, net
$ 176  $61  $22 Cash paid for interest
$ 54  $55  $55  
     Non-cash investing and financing activity:
     Assets acquired by assuming
 related liabilities$ 212  $76  $36 See accompanying notes to the consoli
dated financial statements.44
Table of ContentsNVIDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Note 1
 - Organization and Summary of Significant Accounting PoliciesOur Company
Headquartered in Santa Clara, Cal
ifornia, NVIDIA was incorporated in California in April 1993 and reincorporated in Delaware in April 1998.All references to “NVIDIA,” “we,” “us,” “our” or the “Company” mean NVIDIA Corporation and its subsidiaries.
Fiscal Year
We
 operate on a 52- or 53-week year, ending on the last Sunday in January. Fiscal years 2020, 2019 and 2018 were 52-week years. Fiscal year2021 will be a 53-week year.
Reclassifications
Certain prior fiscal year balances have bee
n reclassified to conform to the current fiscal year presentation.Principles of Consolidation
Our
 consolidated financial statements include the accounts of NVIDIA Corporation and our wholly-owned subsidiaries. All intercompany balancesand transactions have been elimin
ated in consolidation.Use of Estimates
The
 preparation of financial statements  in conformity  with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions  that affect  thereported
 amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reportedamounts
 of revenue and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ materially from our estimates. On an on-going basis, weevaluate our estimates, including those
 related to revenue recognition, cash equivalents and marketable securities, accounts receivable, inventories,income
 taxes,  goodwill,  stock-based  compensation,  litigation,  investigation  and  settlement  costs,  restructuring  and  other  charges,  and  othercontingencies. These estimates are based on h
istorical facts and various other assumptions that we believe are reasonable.Revenue Recognition
We
 derive our revenue from product sales, including hardware and systems, license and development arrangements, and software licensing. Wedetermine
 revenue recognition through the following steps: (1) identification of the contract with a customer; (2) identification of the performanceobligations
 in the contract; (3) determination of the transaction price; (4) allocation of the transaction price to the performance obligations in thecontract; and (5) recognition of revenue when, or as, we satisfy a performance obligatio
n.Product Sales Revenue
Revenue
 from product sales is recognized upon transfer of control of promised products to customers in an amount that reflects the considerationwe
 expect  to  receive  in  exchange  for  those  products.  Revenue  is  recognized  net  of  allowances  for  returns,  customer  programs  and  any  taxescollected from customers.
For
 products sold with a right of return, we record a reduction to revenue by establishing a sales return allowance for estimated product returns atthe
 time revenue is recognized, based primarily on historical return rates. However, if product returns for a fiscal period are anticipated to exceedhistorical
 return rates, we may determine that additional sales return allowances are required to properly reflect our estimated exposure for productreturns.
Our
 customer programs involve rebates, which are designed to serve as sales incentives to resellers of our products in various target markets, andmarketing
 development funds, or MDFs, which represent monies paid to our partners that are earmarked for market segment development and aredesigned to support our partners’ activities whil
e also promoting NVIDIA products. We account for customer programs as a reduction to revenue andaccrue for potential rebates and MDFs based on the amount we exp
ect to be claimed by customers.45
Table of ContentsNVIDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Continued)
License and Development Arrangements
Our
 license and development arrangements with customers typically require significant customization of our intellectual property components. As aresult,
 we  recognize  the  revenue  from  the  license  and  the  revenue  from  the  development  services  as  a  single  performance  obligation  over  theperiod in which the developme
nt services are performed. We measure progress to completion based on actual cost incurred to date as a percentageof
 the estimated total cost required to complete each project. If a loss on an arrangement becomes probable during a period, we record a provisionfor such loss in that period.
Software Licensing
Our
 software licenses provide our customers with a right to use the software when it is made available to the customer. Customers may purchaseeither
 perpetual  licenses  or  subscriptions  to  licenses,  which  differ  mainly  in  the  duration  over  which  the  customer  benefits  from  the  software.Software
 licenses  are  frequently  sold  along  with  post-contract  customer  support,  or  PCS.  For  such  arrangements,  we  allocate  revenue  to  thesoftware
 license  and  PCS  on  a  relative  standalone  selling  price  basis  by  maximizing  the  use  of  observable  inputs  to  determine  the  standaloneselling
 price for each performance obligation. Revenue from software licenses is recognized up front when the software is made available to thecustomer. PCS revenue is recognized ratably over the service perio
d, or as services are performed.Advertising Expenses
We expense advertising costs
 in the period in which they are incurred. Advertising expenses for fiscal years 2020 , 2019, and 2018  were $ 15 million , $21 million
, and $25 million , respectively. Product Warranties
We
 generally offer a limited warranty to end-users that ranges from one to three  years for  products in order to repair or replace products for anymanufacturing
 defects or hardware component failures. Cost of revenue includes the estimated cost of product warranties that are calculated at thepoint
 of revenue recognition. Under limited circumstances, we may offer an extended limited warranty to customers for certain products. We alsoaccrue for known warranty and indemnification issu
es if a loss is probable and can be reasonably estimated.Stock-based Compensation
We
 use the closing trading price of our common stock on the date of grant, minus a dividend yield discount, as the fair value of awards of restrictedstock
 units, or RSUs, and performance stock units that are based on our corporate financial performance targets, or PSUs. We use a Monte Carlosimulation
 on the date of grant to estimate the fair value of performance stock units that are based on market conditions, or market-based PSUs.The
 compensation expense for RSUs and market-based PSUs is recognized using a straight-line attribution method over the requisite employeeservice
 period while compensation expense for PSUs is recognized using an accelerated amortization model. We estimate the fair value of sharesto
 be issued under our employee stock purchase plan, or ESPP, using the Black-Scholes model at the commencement  of an offering period inMarch
 and September of each year. Stock-based compensation for our ESPP is expensed using an accelerated amortization model. Additionally,we estimate
 forfeitures annually based on historical experience and revise the estimates of forfeiture in subsequent periods if actual forfeitures differfrom those estimates.
Litigation, Investigation and Settlement Costs
From
 time to time, we are involved in legal actions and/or investigations by regulatory bodies. There are many uncertainties associated with anylitigation
 or investigation, and we cannot be certain that these actions or other third-party claims against us will be resolved without litigation, finesand/or
 substantial settlement payments. If information becomes available that causes us to determine that a loss in any of our pending litigation,investigations
 or  settlements  is  probable,  and  we  can  reasonably  estimate  the  loss  associated  with  such  events,  we  will  record  the  loss  inaccordanc
e with U.S. GAAP. However, the actual liability in any such litigation or investigation may be materially different from our estimates, whichcould require us to record additional costs.
Foreign Currency Remeasurement
We
 use  the  United  States  dollar  as  our  functional  currency  for  all  of  our  subsidiaries.  Foreign  currency  monetary  assets  and  liabilities  areremeasured
 into United States dollars at end-of-period exchange rates. Non-monetary assets and liabilities such as property and equipment, andequity are remeasured at historical exchange rates. Reven
ue and expenses are remeasured at average exchange rates in effect during each period,except
 for those expenses related to the previously noted balance sheet amounts, which are remeasured at historical exchange rates. Gains orlosses from foreign currency
46
Table of ContentsNVIDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Continued)
remeasurement are included in other income or expens
e in our Consolidated Statements of Income and to date have not been significant.Income Taxes
We
 recognize federal, state and foreign current tax liabilities or assets based on our estimate of taxes payable or refundable in the current fiscalyear
 by tax jurisdiction. We recognize federal, state and foreign deferred tax assets or liabilities, as appropriate, for our estimate of future tax effectsattributable
 to temporary differences and carryforwards; and we record a valuation allowance to reduce any deferred tax assets by the amount ofany tax benefits that, based on available evi
dence and judgment, are not expected to be realized.Our
 calculation  of  deferred  tax  assets  and  liabilities  is  based  on  certain  estimates  and  judgments  and  involves  dealing  with  uncertainties  in  theapplication
 of complex tax laws. Our estimates of deferred tax assets and liabilities may change based, in part, on added certainty or finality to ananticipated
 outcome, changes in accounting standards or tax laws in the United States, or foreign jurisdictions where we operate, or changes inother
 facts  or  circumstances.  In  addition,  we  recognize  liabilities  for  potential  United  States  and  foreign  income  tax  contingencies  based  on  ourestimate
 of whether, and the extent to which, additional taxes may be due. If we determine that payment of these amounts is unnecessary or if therecorded
 tax liability is less than our current assessment, we may be required to recognize an income tax benefit or additional income tax expensein our financial statements accordingly.
As
 of January  26, 2020,  we had a valuation allowance of $621  million related  to state and certain foreign deferred tax assets that managementdetermined
 are not likely to be realized due to jurisdictional projections of future taxable income and potential utilization limitations of tax attributesacquired
 as  a  result  of  stock  ownership  changes.  To  the  extent  realization  of  the  deferred  tax  assets  becomes  more-likely-than-not,  we  wouldrecognize such deferred tax asset as an income tax benefit during the p
eriod.We
 recognize the benefit from a tax position only if it is more-likely-than-not that the position would be sustained upon audit based solely on thetechnica
l merits of the tax position. Our policy is to include interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits as a component of income taxexpense.
Net Income Per Share
Basic
 net income per share is computed using the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period. Diluted net incomeper
 share  is  computed  using  the  weighted  average  number  of  common  and  potentially  dilutive  shares  outstanding  during  the  period,  using  thetreasury
 stock method. Under the treasury stock method, the effect of equity awards outstanding is not included in the computation of diluted netincome per share for periods when their effect is anti-dilutive.
Cash and Cash Equivalents
We
 consider all highly liquid investments that are readily convertible into cash and have an original maturity of three months or less at the time ofpurchase to be cash equivalents.
Marketable Securities
Marketable
 securities consist of highly liquid debt investments with maturities of greater than three months when purchased. We generally classifyour
 marketable securities at the date of acquisition as available-for-sale. These debt securities are reported at fair value with the related unrealizedgains
 and losses included in accumulated other comprehensive income or loss, a component of shareholders’ equity, net of tax. The fair value ofinterest-bearing
 debt securities includes accrued interest. Any unrealized losses which are considered to be other-than-temporary impairments arerecorded
 in  the  other  income  or  expense,  net,  section  of  our  Consolidated  Statements  of  Income.  Realized  gains  and  losses  on  the  sale  ofmarketable
 securities  are  determined  using  the  specific-identification  method  and  recorded  in  the  other  income  or  expense,  net,  section  of  ourConsolidated Statements of Income.
All
 of our available-for-sale debt investments are subject to a periodic impairment review. We record a charge to earnings when a decline in fairvalue is significantly below cost bas
is and judged to be other-than-temporary or have other indicators of impairments. If the fair value of an available-for-sale
 debt instrument is less than its amortized cost basis, an other-than-temporary impairment is triggered in circumstances where (1) we intendto
 sell the instrument, (2) it is more likely than not that we will be required to sell the instrument before recovery of its amortized cost basis, or (3) acredit loss exists where we do not expect to recover the entire amortized cost basis of the instrument. In these situations, we recogniz
e an47
Table of ContentsNVIDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Continued)
other-than-t
emporary impairment in earnings equal to the entire difference between the debt instruments’ amortized cost basis and its fair value. Foravailable-for-sale
 debt instruments that are considered other-than-temporarily impaired due to the existence of a credit loss, if we do not intend tosell
 and it is not likely that we will be required to sell the instrument before recovery of its remaining amortized cost basis (amortized cost basis lessany
 current-period credit loss), we separate the amount of the impairment into the amount that is credit related and the amount due to all otherfactors.
 The credit loss component is recognized in earnings while loss related to all other factors is recorded in accumulated other comprehensiveincome or loss.
Fair Value of Financial Instruments
The
 carrying  value  of  cash  equivalents,  accounts  receivable,  accounts  payable  and  accrued  liabilities  approximate  their  fair  values  due  to  theirrelatively short
 maturities as of January 26, 2020  and January 27, 2019 .  Marketable securities are comprised of available-for-sale securities that arereported
 at fair  value with the related  unrealized gains or losses included in accumulated  other  comprehensive  income or loss,  a component  ofshareholders’
 equity, net of tax. Fair value of the marketable securities is determined based on quoted market prices. Derivative instruments arerecognized
 as either assets or liabilities and are measured at fair value. The accounting for changes in the fair value of a derivative depends on theintended
 use of the derivative and the resulting designation. For derivative instruments designated as fair value hedges, the gains or losses arerecogniz
ed in earnings in the periods of change together with the offsetting losses or gains on the hedged items attributed to the risk being hedged.For
 derivative instruments designated as cash-flow hedges, the effective portion of the gains or losses on the derivatives is initially reported as acomponent
 of  other  comprehensive  income  or  loss  and  is  subsequently  recognized  in  earnings  when  the  hedged  exposure  is  recognized  inearnings. For derivative instruments not designated for hedg
e accounting, changes in fair value are recognized in earnings.Concentration of Credit Risk
Financial
 instruments  that  potentially  subject  us  to  concentrations  of  credit  risk  consist  primarily  of  cash  equivalents,  marketable  securities,  andaccounts
 receivable. Our investment policy requires the purchase of highly-rated fixed income securities, the diversification of investment type andcredit
 exposures, and includes certain limits on our portfolio duration. Accounts receivable from significant customers, those representing 10% ormore
 of total accounts receivable, was approximately 21%  of our accounts receivable balance from one  customer as of January 26, 2020  and 19% of
 our accounts receivable balance from one  customer as of January  27, 2019.  We perform ongoing credit evaluations of our customers’ financialcondition
 and  maintain  an  allowance  for  potential  credit  losses.  This  allowance  consists  of  an  amount  identified  for  specific  customers  and  anamount based on overall estimated exposure. Our overall estimate
d exposure excludes amounts covered by credit insurance and letters of credit.Accounts Receivable
We
 maintain  an  allowance  for  doubtful  accounts  receivable  for  estimated  losses  resulting  from  the  inability  of  our  customers  to  make  requiredpayments.
 We  determine  this  allowance  by  identifying  amounts  for  specific  customer  issues  as  well  as  amounts  based  on  overall  estimatedexposure.
 Factors impacting the allowance include the level of gross receivables, the financial condition of our customers and the extent to whichbalances are covered by credit insurance or letters of credit.
Inventories
Inventory
 cost is computed on an adjusted standard basis, which approximates actual cost on an average or first-in, first-out basis. Inventory costsconsist
 primarily  of  the  cost  of  semiconductors  purchased  from  subcontractors,  including  wafer  fabrication,  assembly,  testing  and  packaging,manufacturi
ng support costs, including labor and overhead associated with such purchases, final test yield fallout, and shipping costs, as well as thecost
 of purchased memory products and other component parts. We charge cost of sales for inventory provisions to write down our inventory to thelower
 of cost or net realizable value or to completely write off obsolete or excess inventory. Most of our inventory provisions relate to the write-off ofexcess
 quantities  of  products,  based  on  our  inventory  levels  and  future  product  purchase  commitments  compared  to  assumptions  about  futuredemand
 and  market  conditions.  Once  inventory  has  been  written-off  or  written-down,  it  creates  a  new  cost  basis  for  the  inventory  that  is  notsubsequently written-up.
Property and Equipment
Property
 and  equipment  are  stated  at  cost.  Depreciation  of  property  and  equipment  is  computed  using  the  straight-line  method  based  on  theestimated
 useful lives of the assets,  generally three  to five years.  Once  an  asset  is  identified  for  retirement  or  disposition,  the  related  cost  andaccumulated
 depreciation or amortization are removed, and a gain or loss is recorded. The estimated useful lives of our buildings are up to thirty years
. Depreciation expense includ es the amortization48
Table of ContentsNVIDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Continued)
of
 assets recorded under capital leases. Leasehold improvements and assets recorded under capital leases are amortized over the shorter of theexpected lease term or the estimated useful life of the asset.
Leases
We
 determine if an arrangement is or contains a lease at inception. Operating leases with lease terms of more than 12 months are included inoperating
 lease assets, accrued and other current liabilities, and long-term operating lease liabilities on our consolidated balance sheet. Operatinglease
 assets represent our right to use an underlying asset for the lease term and lease liabilities represent our obligation to make lease paymentsover the lease term.
Operating lease
 assets and liabilities are recognized based on the present value of the remaining lease payments discounted using our incrementalborrowing
 rate. Operating lease assets also include initial direct costs incurred and prepaid lease payments, minus any lease incentives. Our leaseterms
 include options to extend or terminate the lease when it is reasonably certain that we will exercise that option. Lease expense is recognizedon a straight-line basis over the lease term.
We combine the lease and non-lease comp
onents in determining the operating lease assets and liabilities.Refer to Note 3 of these Notes to the Consolidated Financi
al Statements for additional information.Goodwill
Goodwil
l is subject to our annual impairment test during the fourth quarter of our fiscal year, or earlier if indicators of potential impairment exist.  Forthe purposes of completing our impairment test, we perform either a qualitative or a quantitative a
nalysis on a reporting unit basis. Qualitative
 factors  include industry and market  considerations,  overall financial performance,  and other  relevant  events and factors  affecting  thereporting units.
Our
 quantitative impairment test considers both the income approach and the market approach to estimate a reporting unit’s fair value. The incomeand
 market valuation approaches consider a number of factors that include, but are not limited to, prospective financial information, growth rates,residual valu
es, discount rates and comparable multiples from publicly traded companies in our industry and require us to make certain assumptionsand
 estimates regarding industry economic factors and the future profitability of our business. Refer to Note  6 of  these Notes to the ConsolidatedFinancial Statements for additional informatio
n. Intangible Assets and Other Long-Lived Assets
Intangible
 assets primarily represent rights acquired under technology licenses, patents, acquired intellectual property, trademarks and customerrelationships.
 We  currently  amortize  our  intangible  assets  with  definitive  lives  over  periods  ranging  from  three  to ten  years using  a method  thatreflects
 the pattern in which the economic benefits of the intangible asset are consumed or otherwise used up or, if that pattern cannot be reliablydetermined, using a straight-line amortization method.
Long-lived
 assets, such as property and equipment and intangible assets subject to amortization are reviewed for impairment whenever events orchanges
 in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset or asset group may not be recoverable. Recoverability of assets to be heldand
 used is measured by a comparison of the carrying amount of an asset or asset group to estimated undiscounted future cash flows expected tobe
 generated by the asset, or asset group. If the carrying amount of an asset or asset group exceeds its estimated future cash flows, an impairmentcharge is recognized for
 the amount by which the carrying amount of the asset or asset group exceeds the estimated fair value of the asset or assetgroup.
 Fair value is determined based on the estimated discounted future cash flows expected to be generated by the asset or asset group. Assetsand
 liabilities to be disposed of would be separately presented in the Consolidated Balance Sheet and the assets would be reported at the lower ofthe carrying amount or fair value less costs to sell, and would no lon
ger be depreciated.Adoption of New and Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements
Recently Adopted Accounting Pronouncements
The Financial Accounting Standards Board, or FASB,
 issued an accounting standards update regarding the accounting for leases under which leaseassets and liabilities are recogniz
ed on the balance sheet. We adopted this guidance on January49
Table of ContentsNVIDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Continued)
28,
 2019 using the optional transition method by recognizing a cumulative-effect adjustment to the consolidated balance sheet. Refer to Note 3 ofthese Notes to Condensed Consol
idated Financial Statements for additional information.Recent Accounting Pronouncements Not Yet Adopted
In
 June  2016,  the  FASB  issued  a  new  accounting  standard  to  replace  the  incurred  loss  impairment  methodology  under  current  GAAP  with  amethodology
 that reflects expected credit losses and requires consideration of a broader range of reasonable and supportable information to informcredit
 loss  estimates.  We  will  be  required  to  use  a  forward-looking  expected  credit  loss  model  for  accounts  receivable  and  other  financialinstruments,
 including available-for-sale debt securities. We  plan to adopt the standard using the modified retrospective transition method beginningin the first quarter of fiscal year 2021. We do not currently believe it will have a material impact upo
n adoption.Note 2 - Acquisition of Mellanox Technologies, Ltd.
On
 March 10, 2019, we entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger, or the Merger Agreement, with Mellanox Technologies Ltd., or Mellanox,pursuant
 to which we will acquire all of the issued and outstanding common shares of Mellanox for $125  per  share in cash, representing a totalenterprise
 value of approximately $6.9 billion  as  of the date of the Merger Agreement. The Merger Agreement contains customary representations,warranties
 and covenants. The consummation of the merger is conditioned on the receipt of the approval of Mellanox shareholders, as well as thesatisfaction
 of other customary closing conditions, including domestic and foreign regulatory approvals and performance in all material respects byeach
 party of its obligations under the Merger Agreement. In June 2019, Mellanox shareholders approved the consummation of the merger and wereceived
 regulatory approvals for the deal from Mexico in July 2019 and from the European Commission in December 2019. In addition, the waitingperiod
 under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as amended, in connection with the proposed acquisition expired in May2019.
 Discussions with China's regulatory agency, the State Administration for Market Regulation, are progressing and we believe the acquisitionwill
 likely close in the early part of calendar 2020. If the Merger Agreement is terminated under certain circumstances involving the failure to obtainthe required regulatory approvals, we could b
e obligated to pay Mellanox a termination fee of $350 million . Note 3 - New Lease Accounting Standard
Method and Impact of Adoption
On
 January  28,  2019,  we  adopted  the  new  lease  accounting  standard  using  the  optional  transition  method  by  recognizing  a  cumulative-effectadjustment
 to the consolidated balance sheet and not adjusting comparative information for prior periods. In addition, we elected the package ofpractical
 expedients permitted under the transition guidance, which allowed us not to reassess (1) whether any expired or existing contracts are orcontain leases, (2) lease classification for any expire
d or existing leases, and (3) initial direct costs for any existing leases.The
 cumulative-effect adjustment upon adoption of the new lease accounting standard resulted in the recognition of $470 million  of  operating leaseassets
 and $500 million  of  operating lease liabilities on our Consolidated Balance Sheet. The difference of $30 million  represents  deferred rent forleases that existed as of the date of adoption, which was an offset to the open
ing balance of operating lease assets.Lease Obligations
Our
 lease obligations consist of operating leases for our headquarters complex, domestic and international office facilities, and data center space,with lease periods expiring betw
een fiscal years 2021 and 2035 . 50
Table of ContentsNVIDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Continued)
Future minimum lease payments under our operating leas
es as of January 26, 2020 , are as follows:  
Operating Lease Obligations  
(In millions) Fiscal Year:
 2021
$ 121 2022
117 2023
102 2024
79 2025
62 2026 and thereafter
292 Total
773 Less imputed interest
121 Present value of net future minimum lease payments
652 Less short-term operating lease liabilities
91 Long-term opera
ting lease liabilities$ 561 Future
 minimum  lease  payments  under  our  non-cancelable  operating  leases  as  of  January  27,  2019,  based  on  the  previous  lease  accountingstandard, are as follows:
 
Lease Obligations  
(In millions) Fiscal Year:
 2020
$ 100 2021
97 2022
90 2023
77 2024
54 2025 and thereafter
265 Total
$ 683 Operating
 lease expense for fiscal years 2020 ,  2019, and 2018 was $114  million,  $80 million, $54 million,  respectively. Short-term and variablelease expenses for fiscal year 
2020  were not significant. Other information related to leases was as follows:
 
Year Ended  
January 26, 2020  
(In millions) Supplemental cash flows information
 Operating cash flows used for operating leases
$ 103 Operating lease assets obtained in exch
ange for lease obligations$ 238 As
 of January 26, 2020, our operating leases had a weighted average remaining lease term of 8.3 years  and  a weighted average discount rate of3.45%
. Note 4
 - Stock-Based CompensationOur
 stock-based compensation expense is associated with restricted stock units, or RSUs, performance stock units that are based on our corporatefinancial performance targets, or PSUs, performance stock units that are based on market conditions, or market-based PSUs, an
d our ESPP.51
Table of ContentsNVIDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Continued)
Our Consolidated Statements of Income include stock-based comp
ensation expense, net of amounts allocated to inventory, as follows: 
Year Ended  
January 26, 2020
 January 27, 2019
 January 28, 2018
 
(In millions) Cost of revenue
$ 39  $27  $21 Research and development
540  336  219 Sales, general and administrative
265  194  151 Total
$ 844  $557  $391 Stock-based compensation capitaliz
ed in inventories was not significant during fiscal years 2020 , 2019, and 2018 . The following is a summary of equity awards granted und
er our equity incentive plans: 
Year Ended  
January 26, 2020
 January 27, 2019
 January 28, 2018
 
(In millions, except per share data) RSUs, PSUs and Market-based PSUs
     Awards granted
7  4  6 Estimated total grant-date fair value
$ 1,282  $1,109  $929 Weighted average grant-date fair value per share
$ 184.47  $258.26  $145.91  
     ESPP
     Shares purchased
1  1  5 Weighted average price per share
$ 148.76  $107.48  $21.24 Weighted average grant-date fair value per share
$ 64.87  $38.51  $7.12  
January 26, 2020
 January 27, 2019
 
(In millions) Aggregate unearned stock-based compe
nsation expense, net of forfeitures$ 1,803  $1,580  
   Estimated weighted average remaining amortization period
(In years) RSUs, PSUs and market-based PSUs
2.5  2.2 ESPP
0.9  0.8 52
Table of ContentsNVIDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Continued)
The fair value of shares issued under our ESPP hav
e been estimated with the following assumptions: 
Year Ended  
January 26, 2020
 January 27, 2019
 January 28, 2018
 
(Using the Black-Scholes model) ESPP
     Weighted average expected life (in years)
0.1-2.0  0.1-2.0  0.5-2.0 Risk-free interest rate
1.5%-2.6%  1.6%-2.8%  0.8%-1.4% Volatility
30%-82%  24%-75%  40%-54% Dividend yield
0.3%-0.4%  0.3%-0.4%  0.3%-0.5% For ESPP shares, the expected term represents the average term from the first
 day of the offering period to the purchase date. The risk-free interestrate
 assumption  used  to  value  ESPP  shares  is  based  upon  observed  interest  rates  on  Treasury  bills  appropriate  for  the  expected  term.  Ourexpected
 stock price volatility assumption for ESPP is estimated using historical volatility. For awards granted, we use the dividend yield at grantdate.
 Our RSU, PSU, and market-based PSU awards are not eligible for cash dividends prior to vesting; therefore, the fair values of RSUs, PSUs,and market-based PSUs are discounted for the divide
nd yield.Additionally,
 for RSU, PSU, and market-based PSU awards, we estimate forfeitures annually and revise the estimates of forfeiture in subsequentperiods if actual forfeitures differ from those estimates. Forfeitures are estimated based on historical experience.
Equity Incentive Program
We grant or have granted stock options, RSUs, PSUs, market-based PSUs, and stock purchase rights un
der the following equity incentive plans.Amended and Restated 2007 Equity Incentive Plan
In 2007, our shareholders approved the NVIDIA Corp
oration 2007 Equity Incentive Plan, as most recently amended and restated, the 2007 Plan.The
 2007  Plan  authorizes  the  issuance  of  incentive  stock  options,  non-statutory  stock  options,  restricted  stock,  restricted  stock  units,  stockappreciation
 rights, performance stock awards, performance cash awards, and other stock-based awards to employees, directors and consultants.Only
 our employees may receive incentive stock options. Up to 230 million  shares  of our common stock may be issued pursuant to stock awardsgranted under
 the 2007 Plan. Currently, we grant RSUs, PSUs and market-based PSUs under the 2007 Plan, under which, as of January 26, 2020 , there were 
29 million  shares available for future issuance. Stock options
 previously granted to employees, subject to certain exceptions, vested over a four -year period, subject to continued service, with 25% vesting on the anniversary of the
 hire date in the case of new hires or the anniversary of the date of grant in the case of grants to existing employeesand 
6.25% vesting quarterly thereafter. These stock options generally expire ten years  from the  date of grant.Subject to certain except
ions, RSUs and PSUs granted to employees vest over a four -year period, subject to continued service, with 25%  vesting ona
 pre-determined  date  that  is  close  to  the  anniversary  of  the  date  of  grant  and  (i)  for  grants  made  prior  to  May  18,  2016, 12.5%  vesting  semi-annually
 thereafter,  and  (ii)  for  grants  made  on  or  after  May  18,  2016, 6.25%  vesting  quarterly  thereafter.  Market-based  PSUs  vest 100%  on approximately
 the three -year  anniversary of the date of grant. However, the number of shares subject to both PSUs and market-based PSUs thatare eligible to vest is generally determine
d by the Compensation Committee based on achievement of pre-determined criteria.Unless
 terminated sooner, the 2007 Plan is scheduled to terminate on March 21, 2022. Our Board may suspend or terminate the 2007 Plan at anytime.
 No awards may be granted under the 2007 Plan while the 2007 Plan is suspended or after it is terminated. The Board may also amend the2007
 Plan at any time. However, if legal, regulatory or listing requirements require shareholder approval, the amendment will not go into effect untilthe shareholders have approved the amen
dment.53
Table of ContentsNVIDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Continued)
Amended and Restated 2012 Employee Stock Purcha
se PlanIn
 2012,  our  shareholders  approved  the  2012  Employee  Stock  Purchase  Plan,  as  most  recently  amended  and  restated,  the  2012  Plan,  as  thesuccessor to the 1998 Employee Stock Purchase Pla
n.Up to 
89 million  shares of  our common stock may be issued pursuant to purchases under the 2012 Plan. As of January 26, 2020 ,  we had issued 30 million
 shares and reserved 59 million  shares for future issuance under the 2012 Plan. The
 2012 Plan is intended to qualify as an “employee stock purchase plan” under Section 423 of the Internal Revenue Code. Under the currentofferings
 adopted pursuant to the 2012 Plan, each offering period is approximately 24 months ,  which is generally divided into four  purchase periodsof 
six months. Employees
 or those employed by an affiliate of ours are eligible to participate as designated by the Board. Employees who participate may have upto 
10% of their earnings withheld to the purchase of shares of common stock. The Board may increase this percentage at its discretion, up to 15% .The
 price of common stock purchased under our 2012 Plan will be equal to 85%  of the lower of the fair market value of the common stock on thecommencement date of each offering period and the fair market value on each p
urchase date within the offering.The following is a summary of our equity award transactions und
er our equity incentive plans:  
RSUs, PSUs and Market-based  PSUs Outstanding 
Number of Shares  Weighted Average Grant-DateFair Value
 
(In millions, except years and per share data) Balances, January 27, 2019
16  $129.92 Granted (1)(2)
7  $184.47 Vested restricted stock
(8 ) $92.70 Canceled and forfeited
(1 ) $185.46 Balances, January 26, 2020
14  $176.72 Vested and expected to vest after January 26, 2020
11  $176.46 (1)
Includes the number of PSUs that will be issued and eligible to vest based on the corporate financial performance level achieved for fiscal year 2020 .(2)
Includes  the number of market-based PSUs granted that will be issued and eligible to vest if the maximum goal for total shareholder return, or TSR, over the 3 -yearmeasurement period is achieved. Depend
ing on the ranking of our TSR compared to those companies comprising the Standard & Poor’s 500 Index during that period, themarket-based PSUs issued could be up to 
60 thousand  shares. As
 of January  26, 2020 and January  27, 2019,  there were 29  million and 35  million shares,  respectively,  of  common  stock  reserved  for  futureissuance under our equi
ty incentive plans. 54
Table of ContentsNVIDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Continued)
Note 5 - Net Income Per Share
The following is a reconciliati
on of the denominator of the basic and diluted net income per share computations for the periods presented: 
Year Ended  
January 26, 2020
 January 27, 2019
 January 28, 2018
 
(In millions, except per share data) Numerator:
     Net income
$ 2,796  $4,141  $3,047 Denominator:
     Basic weighted average shares
609  608  599 Dilutive impact of outstanding securities:
       Equity awards
9  17  24   1.00% Convertible Senior Notes
—  —  5   Warrants issued with the 1.00% Convertible Senior Notes
—  —  4 Diluted weighted average 
shares618  625  632 Net income per share:
     Basic (1)
$ 4.59  $6.81  $5.09 Diluted (2)
$ 4.52  $6.63  $4.82 Equity
 awards  excluded  from  diluted  net  income  per  share  because  their  effectwould have been anti-diluti
ve11 5  4 (1)
Calculated as net income divided by basic weighted average shares. (2)
Calculated as net income divided by diluted weighted average shares. Note 6 
- GoodwillThe
 carrying amount of goodwill was $618 million ,  and the amount of goodwill allocated to our GPU and Tegra Processor reporting units was $210 million
 and $408 million , respectively, as of both January 26, 2020  and January 27, 2019 . There were no  changes to the carrying amount of goodwillduring
 fiscal years 2020 and 2019. During the fourth quarters of fiscal years 2020, 2019, and 2018, we completed our annual impairment tests andconcluded that goodwill was 
no t impaired in any of these years.Note 7 - Amortizable Intangible Assets
The components of our amortizable intangibl
e assets are as follows: 
January 26, 2020  January 27, 2019  
Gross Carrying
Amount
 AccumulatedAmortization
 Net Carrying
Amount
 Gross Carrying
Amount
 AccumulatedAmortization
 Net Carrying
Amount
 
(In millions)  (In millions) Acquisition-related
intangible assets
$ 195  $(192 ) $3  $195  $(188 ) $7 Patents and licensed
technology
520  (474 ) 46  491  (453 ) 38 Total intangible assets
$ 715  $(666 ) $49  $686  $(641 ) $45 The increase in gross carrying amount of intangible assets is due to
 purchases of licensed technology during fiscal year 2020. Amortization expenseassociated
 with  intangible  assets  for  fiscal  years 2020 , 2019,  and 2018  was $25  million, $29  million,  and $55  million,  respectively.  Futureamortization expense related to the net carrying amount of intangi
ble assets as of55
Table of ContentsNVIDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Continued)
January
 26, 2020 is  estimated to be $19 million  in  fiscal year 2021 , $12 million in  fiscal year 2022 , $9 million in  fiscal year 2023 , $6 million in  fiscalyear 
2024 , and $3 million  in fiscal year 2025 and thereafter until fully amortized. Note 8
 - Cash Equivalents and Marketable SecuritiesOur cash equivalents and marketable securities are class
ified as “available-for-sale” debt securities.The following is a summary of cash equivalents an
d marketable securities as of January 26, 2020  and January 27, 2019 :  
January 26, 2020  
Amortized
Cost
 Unrealized
Gain
 Unrealized
Loss
 Estimated
Fair Value
 Reported as  
    CashEquivalents
 MarketableSecurities
 
(In millions) Money market funds
$ 7,507  $—  $—  $7,507  $7,507  $— Debt securities issued by the
United States Treasury
1,358  —  —  1,358  1,358  — Debt securities issued by United
States government agencies
1,096  —  —  1,096  1,096  — Corporate debt securities
592  —  —  592  592  — Foreign government bonds
200  —  —  200  200  — Certificates of deposit
27  —  —  27  27  — Asset-backed securities
1  —  —  1  —  1 Total
$ 10,781  $—  $—  $10,781  $10,780  $1  
January 27, 2019  
Amortized
Cost
 Unrealized
Gain
 Unrealized
Loss
 Estimated
Fair Value
 Reported as  
    CashEquivalents
 MarketableSecurities
 
(In millions) Corporate debt securities
$ 2,626  $—  $(6 ) $2,620  $25  $2,595 Debt securities issued by United
States government agencies
2,284  —  (4 ) 2,280  —  2,280 Debt securities issued by the
United States Treasury
1,493  —  (1 ) 1,492  176  1,316 Money market funds
483  —  —  483  483  — Foreign government bonds
209  —  —  209  —  209 Asset-backed securities
152  —  (1 ) 151  —  151 Mortgage backed securities
issued by United States
government-sponsored
enterprises
88  1  —  89  —  89 Total
$ 7,335  $1  $(12 ) $7,324  $684  $6,640 The
 unrealized  losses  as  of January  26, 2020,  aggregated  by  investment  category  and  length  of  time  that  individual  securities  have  been  in  acontinuous loss position
 is not significant.The
 gross unrealized losses are related to fixed income securities, temporary in nature, and driven primarily by changes in interest rates. We havethe
 intent and ability to hold our investments until maturity. For fiscal years 2020 , 2019,  and 2018 ,  there were no other-than-temporary impairmentlosses, and net realized gains/losses w
ere not significant.56
Table of ContentsNVIDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Continued)
The amortized
 cost and estimated fair value of cash equivalents and marketable securities as of January 26, 2020  and January 27, 2019  are shown below by contractual maturity.
 
January 26, 2020  January 27, 2019  
AmortizedCost
 EstimatedFair Value
 AmortizedCost
 EstimatedFair Value
 
(In millions) Less than one year
$ 10,781  $10,781  $5,042  $5,034 Due in 1 - 5 years
—  —  2,271  2,268 Mortgage-backed securities issued by United States g
overnment-sponsored enterprises not due at a single maturity date
—  —  22  22 Total
$ 10,781  $10,781  $7,335  $7,324 Note 9 - Fair Value of Financial Assets and Liabilities
The
 fair values of our financial assets and liabilities are determined using quoted market prices of identical assets or quoted market prices of similarassets
 from active markets. We review fair value hierarchy classification on a quarterly basis. There were no significant transfers between Levels 1and
 2 financial assets and liabilities for fiscal year 2020 .  Level 3 financial assets and liabilities are based on unobservable inputs to the valuationmethodology
 and  include  our  own  data  about  assumptions  market  participants  would  use  in  pricing  the  asset  or  liability  based  on  the  bestinformation available under the circumstances.
 
 Fair Value at  
Pricing Category  January 26, 2020 January 27, 2019 
  (In millions) Assets
     Cash equivalents and ma
rketable securities:     Money market funds
Level 1  $7,507  $483 Debt securities issued by the United States Treasury
Level 2  $1,358  $1,492 Debt securities issued by United States government ag
enciesLevel 2  $1,096  $2,280 Corporate debt securities
Level 2  $592  $2,620 Foreign government bonds
Level 2  $200  $209 Certificates of Deposit
Level 2  $27  $— Asset-backed securities
Level 2  $1  $151 Mortgage-backed securities issued by United States
government-sponsored enterprises
Level 2  $—  $89  
     Liabilities
     Other noncurrent liabilities:
     3.20% Notes Due 2026 (1)
Level 2  $1,065  $961 2.20% Notes Due 2021 (1)
Level 2  $1,006  $978  
     (1)
These liabil ities are carried on our Consolidated Balance Sheets at their original issuance value, net of unamortized debt discount and issuance costs, and are not markedto fair value each period. Refer to Note 12 of these Notes to
 the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.57
Table of ContentsNVIDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Continued)
Note 10 - Balance Sheet Components
Certain balance sheet components are as foll
ows: 
January 26, 2020
 January 27, 2019
 
(In millions) Inventories:
   Raw materials
$ 249  $613 Work in-process
265  238 Finished goods
465  724 Total inventories
$ 979  $1,575  
January 26, 2020
 January 27, 2019
 EstimatedUseful Life
 
(In millions)  (In years) Property and Equipment:
     Land
$ 218  $218  (A) Building
340  339  25-30 Test equipment
532  516  3-5 Computer equipment
621  522  3-5 Leasehold improvements
293  291  (B) Software and licenses
287  109  3-5 Office furniture and equipment
74  69  5 Construction in process
320  107  (C) Total property and equipment, gross
2,685  2,171   Accumulated depreciation
 and amortization(1,011 )  (767 )  Total property and equipment, net
$ 1,674  $1,404   (A)
Land is a non-depreciable asset. (B)
Leasehold improvements and capital leases are amortized based on the lesser of either the asset’s estimated useful life or the expected lease term. (C)
Construction in process represents assets that are not available for their intended use as of the balance shee t date.Depreciation expense for fiscal years 
2020 , 2019, and 2018  was $355 million , $233 million, and $144 million , respectively. Accumulated amor
tization of leasehold improvements and capital leases was $216 million  and $189 million  as of January 26, 2020  and January 27, 2019
, respectively. 58
Table of ContentsNVIDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Continued)
 
January 26, 2020
 January 27, 2019
 
(In millions) Accrued and Other Current Liabilities:
   Customer program accruals
$ 462  $302 Accrued payroll and 
related expenses185  186 Deferred revenue (1)
141  92 Operating lease liabilities
91  — Taxes payable
61  91 Licenses payable
54  12 Professional service fees
18  14 Other
85  121 Total accrued and other current liabilities
$ 1,097  $818 (1)
Deferred revenue primarily includes customer advances and deferrals related to license and development arrangements and PCS.  
January 26, 2020
 January 27, 2019
 
(In millions) Other Long-Term Liabilities:
   Income tax payable (1)
$ 528  $513 Licenses payable
110  1 Deferred revenue (2)
60  46 Deferred income tax liability
29  19 Employee benefits liability
22  20 Deferred rent
—  21 Other
26  13 Total other long-term liabilities
$ 775  $633 (1)
As of  January 26, 2020, income tax payable represents the long-term portion of the one-time transition tax payable of $317 million ,  as well as unrecognized tax benefits of$180 million
 and related interest and penalties of $31 million . (2)
Deferred revenue primarily includes deferrals related to PCS. Deferred Revenue
The following table shows the cha
nges in deferred revenue during fiscal years 2020 and 2019. 
January 26,  January 27, 
2020  2019  
(In millions) Balance at beginning of pe
riod$ 138  $63 Deferred revenue added
 during the period334  344 Revenue recognized during 
the period(271 ) (269 )Balance at end of period
$ 201  $138 Revenue
 related to remaining performance obligations represents the amount of contracted license and development arrangements and PCS thathas
 not  been  recognized.  This  includes  related  deferred  revenue  currently  recorded  and  amounts  that  will  be  invoiced  in  future  periods.  As  ofJanuary
 26, 2020, the amount of our remaining performance that has not been recognized as revenue was $364  million,  of which we expect torecognize
 approximately 46%  as revenue over the next twelve months  and  the remainder thereafter. This amount excludes the value of remainingperformance obligations for contracts with an original ex
pected length of one year or less.59
Table of ContentsNVIDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Continued)
Note 11 - Derivative Financial Instruments
We
 enter into foreign currency forward contracts to mitigate the impact of foreign currency exchange rate movements on our operating expenses.These contracts are
 designated as cash flow hedges for hedge accounting treatment. Gains or losses on the contracts are recorded in accumulatedother
 comprehensive  income  or  loss  and  reclassified  to  operating  expense  when  the  related  operating  expenses  are  recognized  in  earnings  orineffectiveness should occur. The fair value of the contracts was not signific
ant as of January 26, 2020  and January 27, 2019 . We
 enter into foreign currency forward contracts to mitigate the impact of foreign currency movements on monetary assets and liabilities that aredenominated
 in  currencies  other  than  U.S.  dollar.  These  forward  contracts  were  not  designated  for  hedge  accounting  treatment.  Therefore,  thechange
 in fair value of these contracts is recorded in other income or expense and offsets the change in fair value of the hedged foreign currencydenominated monetary assets and liabi
lities, which is also recorded in other income or expense.The table below presents the notiona
l value of our foreign currency forward contracts outstanding as of January 26, 2020  and January 27, 2019 :  
January 26, 2020
 January 27, 2019
 
(In millions) Designated as cash flow hedges
$ 428  $408 Not designated for hedge accounting
$ 287  $241 As
 of January  26, 2020,  all designated foreign currency forward contracts mature within eighteen months .  The expected realized gains and lossesdeferred
 into accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) related to foreign currency forward contracts within the next twelve months was notsignificant.
During
 fiscal  years 2020  and 2019 ,  the  impact  of  derivative  financial  instruments  designated  for  hedge  accounting  treatment  on  othercomprehensive income or loss was not
 significant and all such instruments were determined to be highly effective. Therefore, there were no  gains orlosses associated with ineffectiveness.
Note 12
 - DebtLong-Term Debt
2.20% Notes Due 2021 and 3.20% Notes Due 2026
In fiscal
 year 2017, we issued $1.00 billion  of the 2.20%  Notes Due  2021, and $1.00 billion  of the 3.20%  Notes  Due 2026, or collectively, the Notes.Interest
 on the Notes is payable on March 16 and September 16 of each year. Upon 30  days' notice to holders of the Notes, we may redeem theNotes
 for cash prior to maturity, at redemption prices that include accrued and unpaid interest, if any, and a make-whole premium. However, nomake-whol
e premium will be paid for redemptions of the Notes Due 2021 on or after August 16, 2021, or for redemptions of the Notes Due 2026 onor after June 16, 2026. The net proceeds from the Notes were 
$1.98 billion , after deducting debt discount and issuance costs. The
 Notes are our unsecured senior obligations and rank equally in right of payment with all existing and future unsecured and unsubordinatedindebtedness.
 The  Notes  are  structurally  subordinated  to  the  liabilities  of  our  subsidiaries  and  are  effectively  subordinated  to  any  securedindebtedness
 to  the  extent  of  the  value  of  the  assets  securing  such  indebtedness.  All  existing  and  future  liabilities  of  our  subsidiaries  will  beeffectively senior to the Notes.
60
Table of ContentsNVIDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Continued)
The carrying value of the Notes and the associated interest rates were as foll
ows: 
 ExpectedRemaining Term
(years)
 EffectiveInterest
Rate
 January 26, 2020
 January 27, 2019
 
     (In millions) 2.20% Notes Due 2021
 1.6  2.38% $1,000  $1,000 3.20% Notes Due 2026
 6.6  3.31% 1,000  1,000 Unamortized debt discount and issuanc
e costs     (9 ) (12 )Net carrying amount
     $1,991  $1,988 Revolving Credit Facility
We
 have  a  Credit  Agreement  under  which  we  may  borrow  up  to $575  million for  general  corporate  purposes  and  can  obtain  revolving  loancommitments up to 
$425 million . As of January 26, 2020 , we had no t borrowed any amounts under this agreement.Commercial Paper
We
 have  a $575  million commercial  paper  program  to  support  general  corporate  purposes.  As  of January  26,  2020,  we  had no t  issued  anycommercial paper.
Note 13
 - Commitments and ContingenciesPurchase Obligations
As
 of January  26,  2020,  we  had  outstanding  inventory  purchase  obligations  totaling $1.16  billion and  other  purchase  obligations  totaling $186 million
. Accrual for Product Warranty Liabilities
The
 estimated amount of product returns and warranty liabilities was $15  million and $18  million as  of January  26, 2020 and January  27, 2019, respectively.
In
 connection with certain agreements that we have entered in the past, we have provided indemnities to cover the indemnified party for matterssuch
 as  tax,  product,  and  employee  liabilities.  We  have  included  intellectual  property  indemnification  provisions  in  our  technology  relatedagreements
 with  third  parties.  Maximum  potential  future  payments  cannot  be  estimated  because  many  of  these  agreements  do  not  have  amaximum stated liability. We have not recorded any liabil
ity in our Consolidated Financial Statements for such indemnifications.  Litigation
Securities Class Action and Derivative L
awsuitsOn
 December 21, 2018, a purported securities class action lawsuit was filed in the United States District Court for the Northern District of California,captioned
 Iron Workers Joint Funds v. Nvidia Corporation, et al. (Case No. 18-cv-7669), naming as defendants NVIDIA and certain of NVIDIA’sofficers.
 On  December  28,  2018,  a  substantially  similar  purported  securities  class  action  was  commenced  in  the  Northern  District  of  California,captioned
 Oto  v.  Nvidia  Corporation,  et  al.  (Case  No.  18-cv-07783),  naming  the  same  defendants,  and  seeking  substantially  similar  relief.  OnFebruary
 19, 2019, a number of shareholders filed motions to consolidate the two cases and to be appointed lead plaintiff and for their respectivecounsel
 to be appointed lead counsel. On March 12, 2019, the two cases were consolidated under case number 4:18-cv-07669-HSG and titled InRe
 NVIDIA Corporation Securities Litigation. On May 2, 2019, the Court appointed lead plaintiffs and lead counsel. On June 21, 2019, the leadplaintiffs
 filed a consolidated class action complaint. The consolidated complaint asserts that the defendants violated Section 10(b) of the SecuritiesExchange
 Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act, and SEC Rule 10b-5, by making materially false or misleading statements related tochannel
 inventory and the impact of cryptocurrency mining on GPU demand between May 10, 2017 and November 14, 2018. The plaintiffs alsoallege
 that the NVIDIA executives who they named as defendants violated Section 20(a) of the Exchange Act. The plaintiffs seek class certification,an award of unspecified compensatory damag
es, an award of reasonable costs and expenses, including attorneys’ fees and expert fees, and furtherrelief as the Court may deem just and proper. On August 2, 2019, NVIDIA moved
61
Table of ContentsNVIDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Continued)
to dismiss
 the consolidated class action complaint on the basis that plaintiffs failed to state any claims for violations of the securities laws by NVIDIAor the named defendants.
On
 January 18, 2019, a shareholder, purporting to act on behalf of NVIDIA, filed a derivative lawsuit in the Northern District of California, captionedHan v.
 Huang, et al. (Case No. 19-cv-00341), seeking to assert claims on behalf of NVIDIA against the members of NVIDIA’s board of directors andcertain
 officers.  The lawsuit asserts claims for breach of fiduciary duty, unjust enrichment, waste of corporate assets, and violations of Sections14(a),
 10(b), and 20(a) of the Exchange Act based on the dissemination of allegedly false and misleading statements related to channel inventoryand
 the  impact  of  cryptocurrency  mining  on  GPU  demand.  The  plaintiff  is  seeking  unspecified  damages  and  other  relief,  including  reforms  andimprovements
 to NVIDIA’s corporate governance and internal procedures. On February 12, 2019, a substantially similar derivative lawsuit was filedin the Northern District of California captione
d Yang v. Huang, et. al. (Case No. 19-cv-00766), naming the same named defendants, and seeking thesame
 relief. On February 19, 2019, a third substantially similar derivative lawsuit was filed in the Northern District of California captioned The BoothFamily
 Trust v. Huang, et. al. (Case No. 3:19-cv-00876), naming the same named defendants, and seeking substantially the same relief. On March12,
 2019, the three derivative actions were consolidated under case number 4:19-cv-00341-HSG, and titled In re NVIDIA Corporation ConsolidatedDerivativ
e Litigation. The parties stipulated to stay the In Re NVIDIA Corporation Consolidated Derivative Litigation pending resolution of any motionto dismiss that NVIDIA may file in the In Re NVIDIA Corporation Securities Litigati
on.On
 September 24, 2019, two shareholders, purporting to act on behalf of NVIDIA, filed two identical lawsuits in the District of Delaware. One iscaptioned
 Lipchitz v. Huang, et al. (Case No. 1:19-cv-01795-UNA) and the other is captioned Nelson v. Huang, et. al. (Case No. 1:19-cv-01798-UNA).
 The lawsuits assert claims for breach of fiduciary duty, unjust enrichment, insider trading, misappropriation of information, corporate wasteand
 violations of Sections 14(a), 10(b), and 20(a) of the Exchange Act based on the dissemination of allegedly false, and misleading statementsrelated
 to channel inventory and the impact of cryptocurrency mining on GPU demand. The plaintiffs seek unspecified damages and other relief,including
 disgorgement of profits from the sale of NVIDIA stock and unspecified corporate governance measures. On December 11, 2019, the courtapproved
 the parties’ stipulation to stay the Lipchitz and Huang actions pending resolution of the motion to dismiss filed by NVIDIA in the In ReNVIDIA Corporation
 Securities Litigation.It
 is  possible  that  additional  suits  will  be  filed,  or  allegations  received  from  shareholders,  with  respect  to  these  same  or  other  matters,  namingNVIDIA and/or its officers and directors as defendants.
Accounting for Loss Contingencies
We
 are engaged in legal actions not described above arising in the ordinary course of business and, while there can be no assurance of favorableoutcomes, we
 believe that the ultimate outcome of these actions will not have a material adverse effect on our operating results, liquidity or financialposition.
 As of January 26, 2020, we have not recorded any accrual for contingent liabilities associated with the legal proceedings described abovebased
 on our belief that liabilities, while possible, are not probable. Further, except as specifically described above, any possible loss or range ofloss in these matters cannot be reasonably estimated at this time.
62
Table of ContentsNVIDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Continued)
Note 14
 - Income TaxesThe income tax expense (benefit) applicab
le to income before income taxes consists of the following: 
Year Ended  
January 26, 2020
 January 27, 2019
 January 28, 2018
 
(In millions) Current income taxes:
     Federal
$ 65  $1  $464 State
4  —  1 Foreign
87  69  43 Total current
156  70  508 Deferred taxes:
     Federal
2  (315 ) (376 )State
—  —  — Foreign
16  —  17 Total deferred
18  (315 ) (359 )Income tax expense (benefit)
$ 174  $(245 ) $149 Income before income tax consists of the following:
 
Year Ended  
January 26, 2020
 January 27, 2019
 January 28, 2018
 
(In millions) Domestic
$ 620  $1,843  $1,600 Foreign
2,350  2,053  1,596 Income before income tax
$ 2,970  $3,896  $3,196 The
 income tax expense (benefit) differs from the amount computed by applying the U.S. federal statutory rate of 21% , 21%, and 33.9%  for  fiscalyears 2020, 2019, and 2018, respectively, to income before i
ncome taxes as follows: 
Year Ended  
January 26, 2020
 January 27, 2019
 January 28, 2018
 
(In millions) Tax expense computed at federal statutory rate
$ 624  $818  $1,084 Expense (benefit) resulting from:
     State income taxes, net of federal tax effect
12  23  10 Foreign tax rate differential
(301 ) (412 ) (545 )Stock-based compensation
(60 ) (191 ) (181 )Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017
—  (368 ) (133 )U.S. federal R&D tax credit
(110 ) (141 ) (87 )Other
9  26  1 Income tax expense (benefit)
$ 174  $(245 ) $149 63
Table of ContentsNVIDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Continued)
The tax effect of temporary differences that gives rise to significant portions of the deferred tax assets and liabilities are pres
ented below:  
January 26, 2020
 January 27, 2019
 
(In millions) Deferred tax assets:
 Net operating loss carryforwards
$ 62  $70 Accruals and reserves, not currently deductible for tax purposes
39  41 Property, equipmen
t and intangible assets12  2 Operating lease liabilities
114  — Research and other tax credit carryforwards
605  626 Stock-based compensation
28  25 GILTI deferred tax assets
428  376 Gross deferred tax assets
1,288  1,140 Less valuation allowance
(621 ) (562 )Total deferred tax assets
667  578 Deferred tax liabilities:
   Acquired intangibles
(1 ) (2 )Unremitted earnings of foreign subsidiaries
(40 ) (35 )Operating lease assets
(107 ) — Gross deferred tax liabilities
(148 ) (37 )Net deferred tax asset (1)
$ 519  $541 (1)
 Net deferred tax asset includes long-term deferred tax assets of $548 million  and $560 million  and  long-term deferred tax liabilities of $29 million  and $19 million  for  fiscalyears 2020 and 2019, respectively. Long-term deferred tax assets are included in Other assets and long-term deferred tax liabilities are included in Other long-term liabilities on
our Consolidated Balance Sheets.
We recognized an income tax
 expense of $174 million  and $149 million  for  fiscal years 2020 and 2018, respectively, and income tax benefit of $245 million
 for  fiscal  year 2019 .  Our  annual effective  tax rate  was 5.9% , (6.3)%,  and 4.7%  for  fiscal  years 2020 , 2019,  and 2018 ,  respectively. Theincrease in
 our effective tax rate in fiscal year 2020 as compared to fiscal years 2019 and 2018 was primarily due to a decrease of tax benefits fromstock-based compensation and an abse
nce of tax benefits related to the enactment of the TCJA.The
 decrease in our effective tax rate in fiscal year 2019 as compared to fiscal year 2018 was primarily due to a decrease in the U.S. statutory taxrate
 from 33.9% to 21%, the finalization of the enactment-date income tax effects of the TCJA, higher U.S federal research tax credits and excesstax benefits related to stock-based compensation in fiscal year 20
19.Our
 effective  tax  rate  for  fiscal  years  2020  and  2019  was  lower  than  the  U.S.  federal  statutory  rate  of  21%  due  primarily  to  income  earned  injurisdictions,
 including the British Virgin Islands and Hong Kong, where the tax rate was lower than the U.S. federal statutory tax rates, favorablerecognition
 of U.S. federal research tax credits, excess tax benefits related to stock-based compensation, and the finalization of the enactment-dateincome tax effects of the TCJA in 2019.
Our
 effective  tax  rate  for  fiscal  year  2018  was  lower  than  the  blended  U.S.  federal  statutory  rate  of  33.9%  due  primarily  to  income  earned  injurisdict
ions, including the British Virgin Islands, Hong Kong, China, Taiwan and United Kingdom, where the tax rate was lower than the U.S. federalstatutory
 tax rates, favorable recognition of U.S. federal research tax credits, the provisional impact of the tax law changes, and excess tax benefitsrelated to stock-based compensation.
As
 of January 26, 2020 and January 27, 2019, we had a valuation allowance of $621  million and $562  million,  respectively, related to state andcertain
 foreign deferred tax assets that management determined not likely to be realized due, in part, to jurisdictional projections of future taxableincome.
 To  the  extent  realization  of  the  deferred  tax  assets  becomes  more-likely-than-not,  we  would  recognize  such  deferred  tax  asset  as  anincome tax benefit during the period.
64
Table of ContentsNVIDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Continued)
As
 of  January  26,  2020,  we  had  federal,  state  and  foreign  net  operating  loss  carryforwards  of $70  million, $153  million and $295  million, respectively.
 The  federal  and  state  carryforwards  will  begin  to  expire  in  fiscal  year  2023  and  2021,  respectively.  The  foreign  net  operating  losscarryforwards
 of $295 million  may  be carried forward indefinitely. As of January 26, 2020, we had federal research tax credit carryforwards of $314 million
 that  will  begin  to  expire  in  fiscal  year  2039.  We  have  state  research  tax  credit  carryforwards  of $814  million,  of  which $774  million is attributable
 to the State of California and may be carried over indefinitely, and $40  million is  attributable to various other states and will begin toexpire
 in  fiscal  year  2021.  Our  tax  attributes,  net  operating  loss  and  tax  credit  carryforwards,  remain  subject  to  audit  and  may  be  adjusted  forchanges
 or modification in tax laws, other authoritative interpretations thereof, or other facts and circumstances. Utilization of federal, state, andforeign
 net operating losses and tax credit carryforwards may also be subject to limitations due to ownership changes and other limitations providedby
 the Internal Revenue Code and similar state and foreign tax provisions. If any such limitations apply, the federal, states, or foreign net operatingloss and tax credit carryforwards, as applicable, may expire or be denie
d before utilization.As
 of  January  26,  2020,  we  had $583  million of  gross  unrecognized  tax  benefits,  of  which $464  million would  affect  our  effective  tax  rate  ifrecognized. However, 
$104 million  of the  unrecognized tax benefits were related to state income tax positions taken, that, if recognized, would be inthe
 form of a carryforward deferred tax asset that would likely attract a full valuation allowance. The $464 million  of  unrecognized tax benefits as ofJanuary
 26, 2020 consisted of $180  million recorded  in non-current income taxes payable and $284  million reflected  as a reduction to the relateddeferred tax assets.
A reconciliation of gross unrecognize
d tax benefits is as follows: 
January 26, 2020
 January 27, 2019
 January 28, 2018
 
(In millions) Balance at beginning of pe
riod$ 477  $447  $224 Increases in tax positions for prior years
7  52  7 Decreases in tax positions for prior years
—  (141 ) (1 )Increases in tax positions for current year
104  129  222 Lapse in statute of limitations
(5 ) (10 ) (5 )Balance at end of period
$ 583  $477  $447 We
 classify an unrecognized tax benefit as a current liability, or amount refundable, to the extent that we anticipate payment or receipt of cash forincome
 taxes within one year. The amount is classified as a long-term liability, or reduction of long-term deferred tax assets or amount refundable ifwe anticipate payment or receipt of cash for income taxes during a period b
eyond a year.Our
 policy is to include interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits as a component of income tax expense. As of January 26, 2020,January
 27, 2019, and January 28, 2018, we had accrued $31  million, $21 million,  and $15  million,  respectively, for the payment of interest andpenalties
 related to unrecognized tax benefits, which is not included as a component of our unrecognized tax benefits. As of January 26, 2020,unrecognized tax benefits of 
$180 million  and the related interest and penalties of $31 million  are included in non-current income taxes payab le.While
 we  believe  that  we  have  adequately  provided  for  all  tax  positions,  amounts  asserted  by  tax  authorities  could  be  greater  or  less  than  ouraccrued
 position. Accordingly, our provisions on federal, state and foreign tax-related matters to be recorded in the future may change as revisedestimates
 are made or the underlying matters are settled or otherwise resolved. As of January 26, 2020, we do not believe that our estimates, asotherwise provided for, on such tax positions will si
gnificantly increase or decrease within the next twelve months.We are subject to taxation by taxing authorities both in the United States and other countries. As of January 26, 2020, the significant tax jurisdictions
that may be subject to examination include the Unite
d States, Hong Kong, Taiwan, China, United Kingdom, Germany, and India for fiscal years 2003through 2019.
 As of January 26, 2020, the significant tax jurisdictions for which we are currently under examination include India, China, and UnitedKingdom for fiscal years 2003 through 2019.
65
Table of ContentsNVIDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Continued)
Note 15
 - Shareholders’ EquityCapital Return Program
Beginning August 200
4, our Board of Directors authorized us to repurchase our stock.Through 
January  26, 2020,  we have repurchased an aggregate of 260 million  shares  under our share repurchase program for a total cost of $7.08 billion
.  All shares delivered from these repurchases have been placed into treasury stock. As of January  26, 2020,  we are authorized, subject tocertain specifications, to repurchase shares of our common stock up to 
$7.24 billion  through December 2022. During fiscal year 
2020 , we paid $390 million  in cash dividends to our shareholders. Preferred Stock
As of 
January 26, 2020  and January 27, 2019 , there were no  shares of preferred stock outstanding.Common Stock
We are authorized to issue up to 
2.00 billion  shares of our common stock at $0.001  per share par value. Note 16 - Employee Retirement Plans
We
 have a 401(k) retirement plan covering substantially all of our U.S. employees. Under the plan, participating employees may defer up to 80%  oftheir
 pre-tax earnings, subject to the Internal Revenue Service annual contribution limits and we match a portion of the employee contributions. Ourcontribution
 expense  for  fiscal  years 2020 , 2019,  and 2018  was $44  million, $39  million,  and $23  million,  respectively.  We  also  have  definedcontribution
 retirement plans outside of the United States to which we contributed $32  million, $31 million,  and $25  million for  fiscal years 2020 , 2019
, and 2018 , respectively. Note 17
 - Segment Information Our
 Chief Executive Officer, who is considered to be our chief operating decision maker, or CODM, reviews financial information presented on anoperating
 segment basis for purposes of making operating decisions and assessing financial performance. Our operating segments are equivalentto our reportable segments.
We
 report our business in two  primary reportable segments - the GPU business and the Tegra Processor business - based on a single underlyinggraphics architecture.
Our
 GPU  product  brands  are  aimed  at  specialized  markets  including  GeForce  for  gamers;  Quadro  for  designers;  Tesla  and  DGX  for  AI  datascientists and big data
 researchers; and GRID for cloud-based visual computing users. Our Tegra brand incorporates GPUs and multi-core CPUs todrive supercomputing for autonomous robots, drones, and cars, as well as for game conso
les and mobile gaming and entertainment devices.Under
 the single unifying architecture for our GPU and Tegra Processors, we leverage our visual computing expertise by charging the operatingexpenses
 of certain core engineering functions to the GPU business, while charging the Tegra Processor business for the incremental cost of theteams
 working  directly  for  that  business.  In  instances  where  the  operating  expenses  of  certain  functions  benefit  both  reportable  segments,  ourCODM assigns 100% of those expenses to the reportable segment that ben
efits the most.The
 “All Other” category presented below represents the revenue and expenses that our CODM does not assign to either the GPU business or theTegra
 Processor business for purposes of making operating decisions or assessing financial performance. The revenue included in all other is Intellicensing
 revenue and the expenses include stock-based compensation expense, corporate infrastructure and support costs, legal settlement costs,acquisition-related and other costs, and other non-recurrin
g charges and benefits that our CODM deems to be enterprise in nature.Our CODM does not review any information regarding total assets on a reportable se
gment basis. Reportable segments do not record inter-segmentrevenue, and, accordingly, there is none
 to be reported. The accounting policies for segment reporting are the same as for our consolidated financialstatements. The table below presents details of our reportable segme
nts and the “All Other” category.66
Table of ContentsNVIDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Continued)
 
GPU  Tegra Processor All Other Consolidated 
(In millions) Year Ended January 26, 2020:
       Revenue
$ 9,465  $1,453  $—  $10,918 Depreciation and amor
tization expense$ 322  $44  $15  $381 Operating income (loss)
$ 3,806  $196  $(1,156 )  $2,846  
       Year Ended January 27, 2019:
       Revenue
$ 10,175  $1,541  $—  $11,716 Depreciation and amor
tization expense$ 197  $47  $18  $262 Operating income (loss)
$ 4,443  $241  $(880 ) $3,804  
       Year Ended January 28, 2018:
       Revenue
$ 8,137  $1,534  $43  $9,714 Depreciation and amor
tization expense$ 123  $37  $39  $199 Operating income (loss)
$ 3,507  $303  $(600 ) $3,210  
Year Ended  
January 26, 2020
 January 27, 2019
 January 28, 2018
 
(In millions) Reconciling items included in "All Other" category:
     Unallocated revenue
$ —  $—  $43 Stock-based compensation expense
(844 ) (557 ) (391 )Unallocated cost of revenue and operati
ng expenses(267 ) (277 ) (237 )Acquisition-related and other costs
(30 ) (2 ) (15 )Legal settlement costs
(15 ) (44 ) — Total
$ (1,156 )  $(880 ) $(600 )Revenue
 by  geographic  region  is  allocated  to  individual  countries  based  on  the  location  to  which  the  products  are  initially  billed  even  if  ourcustomers’ revenue
 is attributable to end customers that are located in a different location. The following table summarizes information pertaining toour revenue from customers based on the invoicing address by ge
ographic regions:  
Year Ended  
January 26, 2020
 January 27, 2019
 January 28, 2018
Revenue:
(In millions) Taiwan
$ 3,025  $3,360  $2,991 China (including Hong Kong)
2,731  2,801  1,896 Other Asia Pacific
2,685  2,368  2,066 Europe
992  914  768 United States
886  1,506  1,274 Other countries
599  767  719 Total revenue
$ 10,918  $11,716  $9,714 67
Table of ContentsNVIDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Continued)
The following table summarizes information pertai
ning to our revenue by each of the specialized markets we serve: 
Year Ended  
January 26, 2020
 January 27, 2019
 January 28, 2018
Revenue:
(In millions) Gaming
$ 5,518  $6,246  $5,513 Professional Visualization
1,212  1,130  934 Data Center
2,983  2,932  1,932 Automotive
700  641  558 OEM & Other
505  767  777 Total revenue
$ 10,918  $11,716  $9,714 The
 following  table  presents  summarized  information  for  long-lived  assets  by  geographic  region.  Long-lived  assets  consist  of  property  andequipment and deposits and other assets, and exc
lude operating lease assets, goodwill, and intangible assets. 
January 26, 2020
 January 27, 2019
Long-lived assets:
(In millions) United States
$ 1,568  $1,266 Taiwan
114  137 India
51  44 China (including Hong Kong)
28  38 Europe
28  26 Other countries
2  1 Total long-lived assets
$ 1,791  $1,512 One
 customer represented 11%  of our total revenue for fiscal year 2020 and was attributable to the GPU business. No customer represented 10%or more of total revenue for fiscal years 2019 and 2018.
One
 customer represented 21%  of our accounts receivable balance as of January 26, 2020, and one customer represented 19%  of our accountsreceivable balance as o
f January 27, 2019.68
Table of ContentsNVIDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Continued)
Note 18 - Quarterly Summary (Unaudited)
The following table sets forth our unaudited co
nsolidated financial results, for the last eight fiscal quarters: 
Fiscal Year 2020Quarters Ended
 
January 26, 2020
 October 27, 2019
 July 28, 2019
 April 28, 2019
 
(In millions, except per share data) Statements of Income Data:
       Revenue
$ 3,105  $3,014  $2,579  $2,220 Cost of revenue
$ 1,090  $1,098  $1,038  $924 Gross profit
$ 2,015  $1,916  $1,541  $1,296 Net income
$ 950  $899  $552  $394 Net income per share:
       Basic
$ 1.55  $1.47  $0.91  $0.65 Diluted
$ 1.53  $1.45  $0.90  $0.64  
Fiscal Year 2019Quarters Ended
 
January 27, 2019
 October 28, 2018
 July 29,2018
 April 29, 2018
 
(In millions, except per share data) Statements of Income Data:
       Revenue
$ 2,205  $3,181  $3,123  $3,207 Cost of revenue
$ 998  $1,260  $1,148  $1,139 Gross profit
$ 1,207  $1,921  $1,975  $2,068 Net income (1)
$ 567  $1,230  $1,101  $1,244 Net income per share (1):
       Basic
$ 0.93  $2.02  $1.81  $2.05 Diluted
$ 0.92  $1.97  $1.76  $1.98 (1)
In  the third and fourth quarters of fiscal year 2019, we recorded U.S. tax reform benefits of $138 million  and $230 million ,  respectively, associated with the completion ofour accounting for the enactment-date income tax effects of 
the TCJA.69
Table of ContentsNVIDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
SCHEDULE II – VALUATION AND QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS
Description
 Balance atBeginning of
Period
 Additions Deductions  Balance atEnd of Period
 
 (In millions) Fiscal year 2020
        Allowance for doubtful accounts
 $2  $— (1)$— (1) $2 Sales return allowance
 $8  $18 (2)$(17 )(4)$9 Deferred tax valuation allowance
 $562  $59 (3)$—  $621 Fiscal year 2019
        Allowance for doubtful accounts
 $4  $— (1)$(2 )(1)$2 Sales return allowance
 $9  $21 (2)$(22 )(4)$8 Deferred tax valuation allowance
 $469  $93 (3)$—  $562 Fiscal year 2018
        Allowance for doubtful accounts
 $3 $1 (1)$— (1) $4 Sales return allowance
 $10 $ 15 (2)$(16 )(4)$9 Deferred tax valuation allowance
 $353 $ 116 (3) $—  $469 (1)
Additions  represent allowance for doubtful accounts charged to expense and deductions represent amounts recorded as reduction to expense upon reassessment ofallowance for doubtful accounts at period end.
(2)
Represents allowance for sales returns estimated at the time revenue is recognized primarily based on historical return rates and is charged as a reduction to revenue. (3)
Represents change  in valuation allowance primarily related to state and certain foreign deferred tax assets that management has determined not likely to be realized due,in
 part, to projections of future taxable income of the respective jurisdictions. Refer to Note 14 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part IV, Item 15 ofthis Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information.
(4)
Represents sales returns. 70
Table of ContentsEXHIBIT INDEX
 
   Incorporated by Reference    Exhibit
No.
 Exhibit Description  Schedule/Form File Number Exhibit Filing Date2.1
 
Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated March 10, 2019,by and among NVIDIA Corporation, NVIDIA
International Holdings Inc., Mellanox Tech
nologies Ltd.And Teal Barvaz Ltd.
 8-K 
0-23985 
2.1 
3/11/20193.1
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation S-8  333-74905 4.1  3/23/1999 3.2
 
Certificate of Amendment of Amended and RestatedCertificate of Incorporation
 10-Q 
0-23985 
3.1 
8/21/20083.3
 
Certificate of Amendment of Amended and RestatedCertificate of Incorporation
 8-K 
0-23985 
3.1 
5/24/20113.4
 
Bylaws of NVIDIA Corporation, Amended and Restatedas of November 29, 2016
 8-K 
0-23985 
3.1 
12/1/20164.1
 Reference is made to Exhibits 3.1, 3.2, 3.3 and 3.4        4.2
 Specimen Stock Certificate S-1/A  333-47495 4.2  4/24/1998 4.3
 
Indenture,  dated  as  of  September  16,  2016,  by  andbetween
 the Company and Wells Fargo Bank, NationalAssociation, as Trustee
 8-K 
0-23985 
4.1 
9/16/20164.4
 Officers’ Certificate, dated as of September 16, 2016 8-K  0-23985  4.2  9/16/2016 4.5
 
Form of 2021 Note 
8-K 
0-23985 
Annex A toExhibit 4.2
 9/16/20164.6
 
Form of 2026 Note 
8-K 
0-23985 
Annex B toExhibit 4.2
 9/16/20164.7*
 Description of Securities        10.1
 
Form  of  Indemnity  Agreement  between  NVIDIACorporation and each of its directors and officers
 8-K 
0-23985 
10.1 
3/7/200610.2+
 
Amended and Restated 2007 Equity Incentive Plan 
8-K 
0-23985 
10.1 
5/21/201810.3+
 
2007 Equity Incentive Plan - Non-Statutory StockOption (Annual Grant - Board Service (2011))
 10-Q 
0-23985 
10.41 
5/27/201110.4+
 
2007 Equity Incentive Plan - Non-Statutory StockOption (Initial Grant - Board Service (2011))
 8-K 
0-23985 
10.1 
12/14/201110.5+
 
Amended and Restated 2007 Equity Incentive Plan -Non-Employee Director Stock Option Grant (2012
Annual Board Retainer)
 10-Q 
0-23985 
10.4 
5/23/201210.6+
 
2007  Equity  Incentive  Plan  -  Non  Statutory  StockOption
 8-K 
0-23985 
10.20 
9/13/201010.7+
 2007 Equity Incentive Plan - Incentive Stock Option 8-K  0-23985  10.21  9/13/2010 10.8+
 
Amended and Restated 2007 Equity Incentive Plan -Non Statutory Stock Option
 10-Q 
0-23985 
10.1 
8/22/201210.9+
 
Amended and Restated 2007 Equity Incentive Plan -Incentive Stock Option
 10-Q 
0-23985 
10.2 
8/22/201210.10+
 
Amended and Restated 2007 Equity Incentive Plan -Restricted Stock Unit Grant Notice and Restricted
Stock Unit Purchase Agreement
 10-Q 
0-23985 
10.3 
8/22/201271
Table of Contents10.11+
 
Amended and Restated 2007 Equity Incentive Plan -Non-Employee Director Restricted Stock Unit (with
deferral option)
 10-Q 
0-23985 
10.3 
5/23/201210.12+
 
Amended and Restated 2007 Equity Incentive Plan -Non Statutory Stock Option (Initial Grant - Board
Service)
 8-K 
0-23985 
10.1 
7/23/201310.13+
 
Amended and Restated 2007 Equity Incentive Plan -Non-Employee Director Deferred Restricted Stock Unit
Grant Notice and Deferred Restricted Stock Unit
Agreement (2015)
 10-K 
0-23985 
10.25 
3/12/201510.14+
 
Amended and Restated 2007 Equity Incentive Plan -Non-Employee Director Deferred Restricted Stock Unit
Grant Notice and Deferred Restricted Stock Unit
Agreement (2016)
 10-K 
0-23985 
10.26 
3/12/201510.15+
 
Amended and Restated 2007 Equity Incentive Plan -Non-Employee Director Restricted Stock Unit Grant
Notice and Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (2016)
 10-K 
0-23985 
10.27 
3/12/201510.16+
 
Amended and Restated 2007 Equity Incentive Plan -Non-Employee Director Restricted Stock Unit (Initial
Grant - with deferral options)
 10-Q 
0-23985 
10.1 
5/20/201510.17+
 
Amended and Restated 2007 Equity Incentive Plan -Restricted Stock Unit Grant Notice and Restricted
Stock Unit Agreement & Performance-Based Restricted
Stock Unit Grant Notice and Performance-Based
Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (2015)
 10-Q 
0-23985 
10.2 
5/20/201510.18+
 
Amended and Restated 2007 Equity Incentive Plan -Restricted Stock Unit Grant Notice and Restricted
Stock Unit Agreement & Performance-Based Restricted
Stock Unit Grant Notice and Performance-Based
Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (2018)
 10-Q 
0-23985 
10.2 
5/22/201810.19+
 
Amended and Restated 2007 Equity Incentive Plan -Global Restricted Stock Unit Grant Notice and Global
Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (2019)
 10-K 
0-23985 
10.19 
2/21/201910.20+
 
Amended and Restated 2007 Equity Incentive Plan -Global Performance-Based Restricted Stock Unit Grant
Notice and Performance-Based Restricted Stock Unit
Agreement (2019)
 8-K 
0-23985 
10.1 
3/11/201910.21+
 
Amended and Restated 2012 Employee StockPurchase Plan
 10-Q 
0-23985 
10.2 
5/21/201810.22+
 Fiscal Year 2019 Variable Compensation Plan 8-K  0-23985  10.1  3/13/2018 10.23+
 Fiscal Year 2020 Variable Compensation Plan 8-K  0-23985  10.1  3/11/2019 10.24+
 
Offer  Letter  between  NVIDIA  Corporation  and  ColetteKress, dated September 13, 2013
 8-K 
0-23985 
10.1 
9/16/201310.25+
 
Offer Letter between NVIDIA Corporation and TimTeter, dated December 16, 2016
 8-K 
0-23985 
10.1 
1/19/201710.26+
 
Offer Letter between NVIDIA Corporation and DonaldRobertson, dated May 21, 2019
 8-K 
0-23985 
10.1 
6/17/201910.27
 Base Convertible Note Hedge Transaction Confirmation 8-K  0-23985  99.1  12/2/2013 10.28
 
Additional Convertible Note Hedge TransactionConfirmation
 8-K 
0-23985 
99.3 
12/2/201372
Table of Contents10.29
 
Credit Agreement, dated as of October 7, 2016 by andamong NVIDIA Corporation, Wells Fargo Bank,
National Association, as administrative a
gent, and thelenders party thereto
 8-K 
0-23985 
1.1 
10/13/201610.30
 
Form of Commercial Paper Dealer Agreement betweenNVIDIA Corporation, as Issuer, and the Dealer party
thereto
 8-K 
0-23985 
10.1 
12/15/201721.1*
 List of Registrant's Subsidiaries 23.1*
 Consent of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 24.1*
 Power of Attorney (included in signature page) 31.1*
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer as required by Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 193431.2*
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer as required by Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 193432.1#*
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer as required by Rule 13a-14(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 193432.2#*
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer as required by Rule 13a-14(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934101.INS*
  XBRL Instance Document 101.SCH*
  XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL*
  XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF*
  XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB*
  XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase Document 101.PRE*
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 104
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document * 
 Filed herewith.+  Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement.
#
  In accordance with Item 601(b)(32)(ii) of Regulation S-K and SEC Release Nos. 33-8238 and 34-47986, Final Rule: Management's Reports onInternal
 Control Over Financial Reporting and Certification of Disclosure in Exchange Act Periodic Reports, the certifications furnished in Exhibits32.1
 and 32.2 hereto are deemed to accompany this Annual Report on Form 10-K and will not be deemed “filed” for purpose of Section 18 of theExchange
 Act. Such certifications will not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act,except to the extent that the registrant specifically incorporates it by reference.
Copies of above exhibits not contain
ed herein are available to any shareholder upon written request to:Investor Relations: NVIDIA Corporation, 2788 San Tomas Ex
pressway, Santa Clara, CA 9505173
Table of ContentsSIGNATURES
Pursuant
 to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report tobe signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, on 
February 20, 2020 . NVIDIA Corporation
By:
/s/  Jen-Hsun Huang  
Jen-Hsun Huang  
President and Chief Executive Officer POWER OF ATTORNEY
KNOW
 ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Jen-HsunHuang
 and Colette M. Kress, and each or any one of them, his true and lawful attorney-in-fact and agent, with full power of substitutionand
 resubstitution, for him and in his name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign any and all amendments to this report, andto
 file the same, with all exhibits thereto, and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission,granting
 unto said attorneys-in-facts and agents, and each of them, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act andthing
 requisite and necessary to be done in connection therewith, as fully to all intents and purposes as he might or could do in person,hereby
 ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact and agents, or any of them, or their or his substitutes or substitutes, maylawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof.
Pursuant
 to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons onbehalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.
74
Table of ContentsSignature
Title Date /s/ JEN-HSUN HUANG 
President, Chief Executive Officer and Director(Principal Executive Officer)
February 20, 2020 Jen-Hsun Huang
  /s/ COLETTE M. KRESS 
Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer(Principal Financial Officer)
February 20, 2020 Colette M. Kress
  /s/ DONALD ROBERTSON
Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer(Principal Accounting Officer)
February 20, 2020 Donald Robertson
  /s/ ROBERT BURGESS
Director February 20, 2020 Robert Burgess
  /s/ TENCH COXE  
Director February 20, 2020 Tench Coxe 
  /s/ PERSIS DRELL
Director February 20, 2020 Persis Drell
  /s/ JAMES C. GAITHER
Director February 20, 2020 James C. Gaither 
  /s/ DAWN HUDSON
Director February 20, 2020 Dawn Hudson
  /s/ HARVEY C. JONES 
Director February 20, 2020 Harvey C. Jones
  /s/ MICHAEL MCCAFFERY
Director February 20, 2020 Michael McCaffery
  /s/ STEPHEN C. NEAL
Director February 20, 2020 Stephen C. Neal
  /s/ MARK L. PERRY 
Director February 20, 2020 Mark L. Perry 
  /s/ A. BROOKE SEAWELL
Director February 20, 2020 A. Brooke Seawell 
  /s/ MARK STEVENS
Director February 20, 2020 Mark Stevens 
  75
Exhibit 4.7DESCRIPTION OF THE REGISTRANT’S SECURITIES
REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF THE SECURITIES
EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
NVIDIA Corporation
 (“we ,” “our,” “us,” or the “Company ”)  has one class of securities registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of1934, as amended (the “
Exchange Act ”): our common stock. DESCRIPTION OF COMMON STOCK
General
The
 following summary of the terms of our common stock is based upon our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and our amendedand
 restated bylaws. This summary does not purport to be complete and is subject to, and is qualified in its entirety by express reference to, theapplicable
 provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and our amended and restated bylaws, which are filed as exhibits toour
 Annual  Report  on  Form  10-K,  of  which  this  Exhibit  4.7  is  a  part,  and  are  incorporated  by  reference  herein.  We  encourage  you  to  read  ouramended
 and  restated  certificate  of  incorporation,  our  amended  and  restated  bylaws,  and  the  applicable  provisions  of  the  Delaware  GeneralCorporation Law (
the “DGCL ”) for more information.Our
 authorized capital stock consists of 2,000,000,000 shares of common stock, $0.001 par value, and 2,000,000 shares of preferred stock, $0.001par value. As of January 26, 2020, there were 612,485,576 sh
ares of common stock outstanding and no shares of preferred stock outstanding.Common Stock
The
 holders of common stock are entitled to one vote for each share held of record on all matters submitted to a vote of the stockholders. Theholders
 of  common  stock  are  not  entitled  to  cumulative  voting  rights  with  respect  to  the  election  of  directors,  and  as  a  consequence,  minoritystockholders
 are  not  able  to  elect  directors  on  the  basis  of  their  votes  alone.  Subject  to  preferences  that  may  be  applicable  to  any  shares  ofpreferred
 stock  currently  outstanding  or issued  in the future,  holders  of common  stock  are entitled  to receive  ratably  such dividends as may bedeclared
 by our board of directors out of funds legally available therefor. In the event of our liquidation, dissolution or winding up, holders of ourcommon
 stock are entitled to share ratably in all assets remaining after payment of liabilities and the liquidation preference of any then outstandingpreferred stock.
 Holders of common stock have no preemptive rights and no right to convert their common stock into any other securities. There areno redemption or sinking fund provisions a
pplicable to the common stock.Anti-Takeover Effects of Provisions of Delaware Law and Our Charter Documents
Certificate of Incorporation
Stockholders have no cumulative voting rig
hts.Our
 certificate of incorporation also requires that any action required or permitted to be taken by our stockholders must be effected at a duly calledannual
 or special meeting of the stockholders and may not be effected by a consent in writing and that the stockholders may amend our bylaws oradopt new bylaws only by the affirmative vote of 66
 2 /3% of the outstanding voting securities. A special meeting of the stockholders may be called byour
 Chairman, our Chief Executive Officer or a resolution adopted by a majority of the total number of authorized directors. These provisions mayhave the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a chang
e in control.The lack of cumulative voting could make it more difficult for our existing stockhold
ers to replace our board of directors as well as for another party toobtain
 control  of  us  by  replacing  our  board  of  directors.  Since  our  board  of  directors  has  the  power  to  retain  and  discharge  our  officers,  theseprovisions could also make it more difficult for existing stockhold
ers or another party to effect a change in management.These
 and other provisions may have the effect of deterring hostile takeovers or delaying changes in control or management. These provisions areintended
 to enhance the likelihood of continued stability in the composition of our board of directors and in the policies of our board of directors andto discourage certain types of transactions
that may involve an actual or threatened change in control. These provisions are designed to reduce our vulnerability to an unsolicited acquisitionproposal.
 The provisions also are intended to discourage certain tactics that may be used in proxy rights. However, such provisions could have theeffect
 of discouraging others from making tender offers for our shares and, as a consequence, such provisions also may inhibit fluctuations in themarket
 price  of  our  shares  that  could  result  from  actual  or  rumored  takeover  attempts.  Such  provisions  also  may  have  the  effect  of  preventingchanges in our management.
Section 203 of the DGCL
We
 are subject to Section 203 of the DGCL, which, subject to certain exceptions, prohibits a Delaware corporation from engaging in a “businesscombination”
 with  any  “interested  stockholder”  for  a  period  of  three  years  following  the  time  that  such  stockholder  became  an  “interestedstockholder,” unless:
 
• 
prior to such time, the board of directors of the corporation approved either the business combination or the transaction that resulted inthe stockholder becoming an interested hol
der; 
• 
upon consummation of the transaction that resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder, the interested stockholderowned at least 85% of
 the voting stock of the corporation outstanding at the time the transaction commenced, excluding for purposes ofdetermining
 the  number  of  shares  outstanding  those  shares  owned  (a)  by  persons  who  are  directors  and  also  officers  and  (b)  byemployee
 stock plans in which employee participants do not have the right to determine confidentially whether shares held subject tothe plan will be tendered in a tend
er or exchange offer; or 
• 
at or subsequent to such time, the business combination is approved by the board of directors and authorized at an annual or specialmeeting
 of stockholders, and not by written consent, by the affirmative vote of at least 66 2 /3% of the outstanding voting stock which isnot owned by the interested stockholder.
In general, Section 203 of the DGCL defines “busin
ess combination” to include the following: 
• 
any merger or consolidation involving the corporation and the interested stockholder; 
• 
any sale, transfer, pledge or other disposition of 10% or more of the assets of the corporation involving the interested stockholder; 
• 
subject to certain exceptions, any transaction that results in the issuance or transfer by the corporation of any stock of the corporation tothe interested stockholder;
 
• 
any transaction involving the corporation that has the effect of increasing the proportionate share of the stock or any class or series ofthe corporation beneficially own
ed by the interested stockholder; or 
• 
the receipt by the interested stockholder of the benefit of any loans, advances, guarantees, pledges or other financial benefits providedby or through the corporation.
In
 general, Section 203 of the DGCL defines “interested stockholder” as an entity or person beneficially owning 15% or more of the outstandingvoting stock of the corporation and any entity or person affiliated with or controll
ing or controlled by such entity or person.Certain Transactions
Our
 bylaws provide that we indemnify our directors and executive officers to the fullest extent permitted by the DGCL and any other applicable law.We
 are also empowered under our bylaws to indemnify other officers, employees and other agents as set forth in the DGCL or any other applicablelaw and to enter into indemnification contracts wit
h our directors and executive officers and to purchase insurance on behalf of any person whom weare required or permitted to indemnify.
In
 addition, our certificate of incorporation provides that the liability of our directors for monetary damages shall be eliminated to the fullest extentpermissible
 under  Delaware  law.  Pursuant  to  Delaware  law,  our  directors  shall  not  be  liable  for  monetary  damages  for  breach  of  the  directors’fiduciary duty of care to us and our stockholders.
However, this provision does not eliminate the duty of care, and in appropriate circumstances, equitable remedies such as injunctive or other formsof
 non-monetary relief that will remain available under Delaware law. In addition, each director will continue to be subject to liability for (1) breach ofthe
 director’s duty of loyalty to us or our stockholders, (2) acts or omissions not in good faith or which involve intentional misconduct or a knowingviolation
 of law, (3) violating Section 174 of the DGCL, or (4) any transaction from which the director derived an improper personal benefit. Theprovision
 also does not affect a director’s responsibilities under any other law, such as the federal securities laws or state or federal environmentallaws.
Transfer Agent and Registrar
Computershare
 is the transfer agent and registrar for our common stock. Computershare’s address is 150 Royall Street, Canton, Massachusetts02021.
Listing
Our common stock is listed on the NASDAQ Global Select Market under the symbol “NVDA”.
EXHIBIT 21.1LIST OF REGISTRANT'S SUBSIDIARIES
Subsidiaries of Registrant (All 100% owned)
Country of Organization  
 Icera LLC
United States Icera Semiconductor LLC
United States JAH Venture Holdings, Inc.
United States LPN Facilitator LLC
United States NVIDIA (BVI) Holdings Limited
Virgin Islands, British NVIDIA ARC GmbH
Germany NVIDIA Brasil Compu
tação Visual LimitadaBrazil NV Computing Mexico S de R L de CV
Mexico NVIDIA Development France SAS
France NVIDIA Development UK Limited
England and Wales NVIDIA Development, Inc.
Canada NVIDIA Dutch B.V.
Netherlands NVIDIA Entertainment Devices (Shanghai) Co., Ltd
China NVIDIA FZ-LLC
United Arab Emira tesNVIDIA GK
Japan NVIDIA Global Ltd
Virgin Islands, British NVIDIA GmbH
Germany NVIDIA Graphics Holding Company
Mauritius NVIDIA Graphics Private Limited
India NVIDIA Hong Kong Developmen
t LimitedHong Kong NVIDIA Hong Kong Holdings Li
mitedHong Kong NVIDIA International Holdings Inc.
United States NVIDIA International, Inc.
Cayman Islands NVIDIA Israel Ltd.
Israel NVIDIA Italy S.r.l.
Italy NVIDIA Ltd.
England and Wales NVIDIA Poland sp.z o.o
Poland NVIDIA Pty Limited
Australia NVIDIA Semiconductor (Shenzhen) Co., Ltd.
China NVIDIA Semiconducto
r Holding CompanyMauritius NVIDIA Semiconducto
r Shenzhen Holding CompanyMauritius NVIDIA Semiconductor Technical Service (Sh
anghai) Co., Ltd.China NVIDIA Semiconductor Technology (Bei
jing) Co., Ltd.China NVIDIA Semiconductor Technology (Sha
nghai) Co., Ltd.China NVIDIA Singapore Developmen
t Pte. Ltd.Singapore NVIDIA Singapore Pte
 LtdSingapore NVIDIA Switzerland AG
Switzerland NVIDIA Technical Service (Beijin
g) Co., Ltd.China NVIDIA Technology UK Limited
England and Wales NVIDIA, Helsinki Oy
Finland VC Worldwide Ltd.
Virgin Islands, British Teal Barvaz Ltd
Mexico EXHIBIT 23.1CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED P
UBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRMWe hereby consent to the in
corporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S‑ 8 (Nos. 333-74905, 333-51520, 333-74868, 333-100010, 333-106191, 333-114375, 333-123933, 333-132493, 333-140021, 333-143953, 333-181625, 333-185036, 333-188775, 333-196259, 333-211615 and 333-229774
) ofNVIDIA Corporation of our report dated Febru
ary 20, 2020 relating to the financial statements, financial statement schedule and the effectiveness of internalcontrol over financia
l reporting, which appears in this Form 10‑ K./s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP  
San Jose, California
February 20, 2020
  EXHIBIT 31.1CERTIFICATION
 
I, Jen-Hsun Huang, certify that:
 
1.  I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of NVIDIA Corporation;
2.
  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to makethe
 statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered bythis report;
 
3.
  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects thefinancial condition, results of operations a
nd cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
4. 
 The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined inExchange
 Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:  
(a)
 designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, toensure that material information relati
ng to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities,particularly during the period in whic
h this report is being prepared;(b)
 designed  such  internal  control  over  financial  reporting,  or  caused  such  internal  control  over  financial  reporting  to  be  designed  under  oursupervision,
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for externalpurposes in accordance
 with generally accepted accounting principles;(c)
 evaluated  the  effectiveness  of  the  registrant's  disclosure  controls  and  procedures  and  presented  in  this  report  our  conclusions  about  theeffectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the perio
d covered by this report based on such evaluation; and(d)
 disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recentfiscal
 quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materiallyaffect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and
5.
  The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, tothe registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equiva
lent functions):  (a)
 all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonablylikely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial informatio
n; and(b)
 any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal controlover financial reporting.
Date:  
February 20, 2020  
 
/s/ JEN-HSUN HUANG
Jen-Hsun Huang        
President and Chief Executive Officer 
EXHIBIT 31.2 
CERTIFICATION
 
I, Colette M. Kress, certify that:
1.  I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of NVIDIA Corporation;
 
2.
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to makethe
 statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered bythis report;
 
3.
  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects thefinancial condition, results of operations a
nd cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
4. 
 The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined inExchange
 Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:  
(a)
 designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, toensure that material information relati
ng to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities,particularly during the period in whic
h this report is being prepared;(b)
 designed  such  internal  control  over  financial  reporting,  or  caused  such  internal  control  over  financial  reporting  to  be  designed  under  oursupervision,
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for externalpurposes in accordance
 with generally accepted accounting principles;(c)
 evaluated  the  effectiveness  of  the  registrant's  disclosure  controls  and  procedures  and  presented  in  this  report  our  conclusions  about  theeffectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the perio
d covered by this report based on such evaluation; and(d)
 disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recentfiscal
 quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materiallyaffect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and
5.
  The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, tothe registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equiva
lent functions): 
(a)
 all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonablylikely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial informatio
n; and(b)
 any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal controlover financial reporting.
 Date:  
February 20, 2020  
/s/ COLETTE M. KRESS 
Colette M. Kress
Executive Vice President and Chi
ef Financial OfficerEXHIBIT 32.1 
CERTIFICATION 
 
Pursuant
 to the requirement set forth in Rule 13a-14(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”), and Section1350 of
 Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States Code (18 U.S.C. § 1350), Jen-Hsun Huang, the President and Chief Executive Officer of NVIDIACorporation (the “Company”), hereby certifies that, to the best of his knowledge:
1.
  The Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended January  26, 2020,  to which this Certification is attached as Exhibit 32.1 (the“Periodic Report”), fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 1
5(d) of the Exchange Act; and2.
  The information contained in the Periodic Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition of the Company at the end of theperiod covered by the Periodic Report and resu
lts of operations of the Company for the period covered by the Periodic Report.Date:  
February 20, 2020  
 
/s/ JEN-HSUN HUANG
Jen-Hsun Huang    
President and Chief Executive Officer
 
 
A
 signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 of 18 U.S.C. § 1350 has been provided to NVIDIA Corporation and will beretained by NVIDIA Corporation and furnishe
d to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.  
This certificatio
n accompanies the Form 10-K to which it relates, is not deemed filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and is not tobe
 incorporated by reference into any filing of the Company under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act (whether madebefore or after the date of the Form 10-K), irrespective of any general incorporation languag
e contained in such filing.EXHIBIT 32.2 
CERTIFICATION
 
Pursuant
 to the requirement set forth in Rule 13a-14(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”), and Section1350 of
 Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States Code (18 U.S.C. § 1350), Colette M. Kress, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officerof NVIDIA Corporation (the “Company”), hereby certifies that, to the best of her knowledge:
1.
 The Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended January  26, 2020,  to which this Certification is attached as Exhibit 32.2 (the“Periodic Report”), fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 1
5(d) of the Exchange Act; and2.
 The information contained in the Periodic Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition of the Company at the end of theperiod covered by the Periodic Report and resu
lts of operations of the Company for the period covered by the Periodic Report.Date:  
February 20, 2020  
/s/ COLETTE M. KRESS 
Colette M. Kress
Executive Vice President and Chi
ef Financial Officer   
 
A
 signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 of 18 U.S.C. § 1350 has been provided to NVIDIA Corporation and will beretained by NVIDIA Corporation and furnishe
d to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.  
This certificatio
n accompanies the Form 10-K to which it relates, is not deemed filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and is not tobe
 incorporated by reference into any filing of the Company under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act (whether madebefore or after the date of the Form 10-K), irrespective of any general incorporation languag
e contained in such filing.