Table of Contents  
 
UNITED STATES  
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  
Washington, D.C. 20549  
___________________________________________________ _________________________________________  
FORM 10-K  
OR  
Commission file number: 0-23985  
      
NVIDIA CORPORATION  
(Exact name of registrant as specified in its chart er)  
2701 San Tomas Expressway  
Santa Clara, California 95050  
(408) 486-2000  
(Address, including zip code, and telephone number,  including area code, of principal executive office s)  
Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:  
Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:  
None  
Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well- known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of th e Securities Act.    Yes /boxxmarkbld No /box3  
Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not req uired to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Sec tion 15(d) of the Act.     Yes /box3 No /boxxmarkbld  
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) h as filed all reports required to be filed by Sectio n 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 193 4 during the 
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period tha t the registrant was required to file such reports) , and (2) has been subject to such filing requireme nts for the past 
90 days.        Yes /boxxmarkbld No /box3  
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has s ubmitted electronically and posted on its corporate  Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File requ ired to be 
submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regula tion S-T (§232.405 of this chapter) during the prec eding 12 months (or for such shorter period that th e 
registrant was required to submit and post such fil es). Yes /boxxmarkbld No /box3  
Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K (§ 22 9.405 of this chapter) is not contained herein, and  will not be 
contained, to the best of registrant’s knowledge, i n definitive proxy or information statements incorp orated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K o r any 
amendment to this Form 10-K. /box3  
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a  large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a n on-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting compan y. See 
definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelera ted filer” and “smaller reporting company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one) 
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act) .     Yes /box3 No /boxxmarkbld    
The aggregate market value of the voting stock held  by non-affiliates of the registrant as of July 26, 2013 wa s approximately $7.82 billion (based on the closing  
sales price of the registrant's common stock as rep orted by the NASDAQ Global Select Market on July 26 , 2013). This calculation excludes approximately 
27,595,765 shares held by directors and executive o fficers of the registrant. This calculation does no t exclude shares held by such organizations whose o wnership 
exceeds 5% of the registrant's outstanding common s tock that have represented to the registrant that they are registered investment advisers or inv estment 
companies registered under section 8 of the Investm ent Company Act of 1940.  
 
The number of shares of common stock outstanding as  of March 7, 2014 was 554,241,412.  
   
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE  
   
Portions of the registrant's Proxy Statement for it s 2014 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed w ith the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant  to 
Regulation 14A not later than 120 days after the en d of the fiscal year covered by this Annual Report on Form 10- K are incorporated by reference into Part III, 
Items 10-14 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.  
 [x]  ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF TH E SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934  
   For the fiscal year ended January 26, 2014  
[_]  TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) O F THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934  
Delaware  94-3177549  
(State or other jurisdiction of  (I.R.S. Employer  
Incorporation or Organization)  Identification No.)  
Title of each class  Name of each exchange on which registered  
Common Stock, $0.001 par value per share  The NASDA Q Global Select Market  
Large accelerated filer                     Accelerated filer /box3                           
Non-accelerated filer /box3  (Do not check if a smaller reporting company)         Smaller reporting company /box3  Table of Contents  
 
NVIDIA CORPORATION  
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS  
 
 
2        Page  
      
PART I     
   
Item 1.     
Business    4 
   
Item 1A.     
Risk Factors    13 
   
Item 1B.     
Unresolved Staff Comments    29 
   
Item 2.     
Properties    29 
   
Item 3.     
Legal Proceedings    30 
   
Item 4.  Mine Safety Disclosures    30 
      
PART II    
   
Item 5.     
Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stoc kholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Secu rities    31 
   
Item 6.     
Selected Financial Data  35 
   
Item 7.     
Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial C ondition and Results of Operations    36 
   
Item 7A.     
Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Mark et Risk    53 
   
Item 8.     
Financial Statements and Supplementary Data    54 
   
Item 9.     
Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Ac counting and Financial Disclosure    54 
   
Item 9A.     
Controls and Procedures    55 
   
Item 9B.     
Other Information    55 
      
PART III    
   
Item 10.     
Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governa nce    56 
   
Item 11.     
Executive Compensation    56 
   
Item 12.     
Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and  Management and Related Stockholder Matters  56 
   
Item 13.     
Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and  Director Independence  57 
   
Item 14.     
Principal Accounting Fees and Services    57 
      
PART IV    
   
Item 15.     
Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules    58 
   
Signatures     
  104 Table of Contents  
 
Forward-Looking Statements  
 
This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward- looking statements within the meaning of Section 27 A of the Securities 
Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Sec urities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, which are  subject to the “safe harbor”
created by those sections. Forward- looking statements are based on our management's be liefs and assumptions and on information 
currently available to our management. In some case s, you can identify forward-looking statements by t erms such as “may,” “will,”
“should,” “could,” “goal,” “would,” “expect,” “plan ,” “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “project,” “predict,” “potential” and 
similar expressions intended to identify forward- looking statements. These statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties 
and other factors, which may cause our actual resul ts, performance, time frames or achievements to be materially different from any 
future results, performance, time frames or achieve ments expressed or implied by the forward -looking statements. We discuss many of 
these risks, uncertainties and other factors in thi s Annual Report on Form 10-K in greater detail unde r the heading “Risk Factors.”
Given these risks, uncertainties and other factors,  you should not place undue reliance on these forwa rd-looking statements. Also, 
these forward- looking statements represent our estimates and assu mptions only as of the date of this filing. You sho uld read this 
Annual Report on Form 10 -K completely and with the understanding that our ac tual future results may be materially different fro m 
what we expect. We hereby qualify our forward- looking statements by these cautionary statements. Except as required by law, we 
assume no obligation to update these forward- looking statements publicly, or to update the reaso ns actual results could differ 
materially from those anticipated in these forward- looking statements, even if new information becomes  available in the future.  
 
All references to “NVIDIA,” “we,” “us,” “our” or th e “Company” mean NVIDIA Corporation and its subsidiaries, excep t 
where it is made clear that the term means only the  parent company.  
 
© 2014 NVIDIA Corporation. All rights reserved. NVIDI A, the NVIDIA logo, GeForce, NVIDIA Fermi, ICERA, K epler, 
Quadro, Tesla, Tegra, NVIDIA GRID are trademarks an d/or registered trademarks of NVIDIA Corporation in  the U.S. and other 
countries.  
 
 
 
3  Table of Contents  
 
PART I  
   
ITEM 1. BUSINESS  
 
Our Company  
NVIDIA is a visual computing company. In a world in creasingly filled with visual displays, our graphic s technologies let our customers 
interact with the world of digital ideas, informati on and entertainment with an efficiency that no oth er communication medium can match.  
Our strategy is to be the world leader in visual co mputing. We target applications in each of the majo r computing platforms -  PC, cloud, mobile 
- where we can create value. Our target markets are gaming, design and visualization, high performance computing, or HPC, and data center, and 
automotive and smart devices. We deploy business mo dels we believe are best suited for each applicatio n, whether IP, chips, systems, or NVIDIA-
branded devices and services.  
We have long been known for bringing video games to  life with our PC graphics chips. With our inventio n of the GPU, we introduced the 
world to the power of programmable shading, which d efines modern computer graphics. Today, we reach we ll beyond PC graphics and games. Our 
energy-efficient processors are at the heart of products r anging from smartphones to automobiles to supercomp uters. We believe in leveraging our 
processors and visual computing expertise to create  differentiated products.  
PC gamers choose our GPUs to enjoy immersive fantas y worlds. Our Tegra system-on-a- chip, or SOC, processors power smartphones, tablets  
and automobile infotainment systems. Professional d esigners use our GPUs to create visual effects in m ovies and design everything from audio 
headsets to commercial aircraft. Supercomputers tak e advantage of the massively parallel processing ca pabilities of our GPUs to accelerate a wide 
range of important applications, from simulations o f viruses to weather forecasting and global oil exp loration.  
NVIDIA's research and development in visual computi ng has yielded approximately 7,000 patent assets, i ncluding inventions essential to 
modern computing.  
Our businesses are based on two technologies with a  consistent underlying graphics architecture: the G PU and the Tegra processor.  
GPUs, each with billions of transistors, are the en gines of visual computing and among the world's mos t complex processors. We have GPU 
product brands aimed at specific users and applicat ions: GeForce for gamers; Quadro for designers; Tes la for researchers; and GRID for cloud-
based graphics.  
The Tegra processor is a SOC integrating an entire computer on a single chip. Tegra processors incorpo rate GPUs and multi- core CPUs 
together with audio, video and input/output capabil ities. They can also be integrated with baseband pr ocessors to add voice and data 
communication. Our Tegra SOC conserves power while delivering state-of-the-art graphics and multimedia  processing.  
Tegra runs devices like smartphones, tablets and PC s; it can also be embedded into smart devices, such  as televisions, monitors, set- top boxes, 
gaming devices and cars. SHIELD, our Android gaming  device based on Tegra, contains proprietary NVIDIA -developed software and system 
technologies and leverages our deep partnerships wi th game developers.  
 
4  •  In gaming, GPUs enhance the gaming experience on PC s by improving the visual quality of graphics, incr easing the frame rate for 
smoother gameplay and improving realism by replicat ing the behavior of light and physical objects.  
•  For designers, GPUs improve productivity and introd uce new capabilities. For example, an architect des igning a new building in a CAD 
package can interact with the model in real time, t he model can be more detailed, and photo realistic renderings can be generated for the 
client.  
•  Researchers can use GPUs to run their simulations f aster while consuming less power, increasing the ac curacy of weather forecasts, or 
pricing financial derivatives more quickly.  
•  GRID uses GPUs to deliver graphics performance remo tely, from the cloud. Uses include gaming, professi onal applications provided as a 
service (SaaS) and improving Citrix and VMware inst allations.  Table of Contents  
 
Headquartered in Santa Clara, California, we were i ncorporated in California in April 1993 and reincor porated in Delaware in April 1998.  
Our Businesses  
Our two reporting segments - GPU and Tegra Processo r - leverage a single, unified architecture. On this foundation, we build technologies for 
each of the major computing platforms - PC, cloud, mobile.  We create differentiated brands to target large markets -  Gaming, Design and 
Visualization, HPC and Data Center, and Automotive and Smart Devices - where visual computing is chall enging.  
  
Businesses              NVIDIA Brands and Product Lines  
GPU                       
 
Tegra Processor  
 
In addition, we have also announced an IP licensing  initiative designed to bring our GPU technology to  new markets.  
 
 
5  
•  GeForce for consumer desktop and notebook PCs 
•  Quadro for professionals working in computer- aided design, video editing, special effects and ot her 
applications  
•  Tesla for supercomputing and big data applications 
•  GRID to provide the power of NVIDIA graphics through the  cloud 
•  Tegra processors for smartphones, tablets, gaming devices , other computer devices such as Windows RT-
based devices, set-top boxes, chromebooks, clamshel ls, and others  
•  Icera baseband processors and radio frequency (RF) transc eivers for mobile connectivity 
•  Tegra NOTE , a complete tablet platform based on Tegra 4 
•  Tegra VCM , a Tegra- based vehicle computing module that integrates an e ntire automotive computer into 
a single component  
•  SHIELD , an Android gaming device optimized to help users enjoy digital content in the cloud Table of Contents  
 
Our Markets  
We are focused on markets in which visual computing  is important, such as gaming, design and visualiza tion, HPC and data center, and 
automotive and smart devices.  
 
Gaming  
 
We focus on open platforms -  PCs, mobile devices and the cloud. We build proces sors to deliver the best graphics for a great gamin g 
experience, sophisticated 3D software and algorithm s that are incorporated into games, and technology that enables games to be played remotely 
from the cloud.  
Our products for the gaming market include: GeForce  GTX GPUs for PC gaming; Tegra processors for mobil e devices; the GRID visual 
computing appliance, which streams games from the c loud to connected devices; and SHIELD. These produc ts can be enjoyed independently or in 
conjunction with each other to connect the gaming e xperience across platforms. For example, gamers can  use SHIELD to play Android games or 
stream games from a PC with a GeForce processor; or  they can stream games from a GRID gaming server to  their PC or TV.  
Design and Visualization  
Our strategy is to serve as our customers' most tru sted graphics partner, working closely with indepen dent software vendors to optimize their 
offerings for NVIDIA GPUs. Our visual computing sol utions enhance productivity for critical parts of t he workflow of major industries, ranging 
from automotive, to film and television broadcast.  
Visual computing is vital to productivity in many e nvironments:  
NVIDIA brands for this market include Quadro GPUs f or workstations and GRID for enterprise VDI.  
NVIDIA Quadro GPUs enhance the productivity of desi gners by improving performance and adding functiona lity, such as photorealistic 
rendering for computer- aided design workstations. Other applications inclu de professional video editing, generating special e ffects in movies and 
creating virtual sets for broadcast.  
GRID makes it possible to run graphics- intensive applications remotely on a server in the datacenter, instead of locally on a PC or workstati on. 
Applications include accelerating virtual desktop i nfrastructures and delivering graphics-intensive ap plications from the cloud.  
HPC and Data Center  
Our strategy for the HPC and data center market is to serve demand for big data analytics, including a erospace simulation, molecular dynamics, 
bio-science simulations of viruses, oil and gas exp loration.  
NVIDIA Tesla applies the parallel-processing capabi lity of GPUs to general- purpose computing problems, greatly increasing perf ormance and 
power efficiency over CPU-only solutions. Tesla-bas ed servers and supercomputers increase the speed of  applications used in bio- science research, 
mechanical and fluid simulations, energy exploratio n, computational finance and in big data analytics.   
 
6  •  Design and Manufacturing - including computer-aided design, architectural de sign, consumer- products manufacturing, medical 
instrumentation, and science and aerospace  
•  Media and Entertainment - including professional video editing and movie post  production, special effects for movies and 
television, advertising, and virtual sets for broad cast  
•  Virtual Desktop Infrastructure (VDI) - many enterprises choose to virtualize their IT infr astructure using software from companies 
such as Citrix and VMware; for these environments, NVIDIA GRID hardware and software can significantly  improve the end- user 
experience  Table of Contents  
 
Automotive and Smart Devices  
The foundation of our mobile computing strategy is the Tegra processor, which harnesses our expertise in computer chip, software and system 
design, while leveraging our world-leading expertis e in visual computing.  
The mobile market is more than smartphones. The com bination of Tegra and our significant computing sof tware assets enables us to address 
the many new markets for connected smart devices. F or example, millions of cars are sold each year, an d all, we believe, will eventually include 
multiple smart devices similar to Tegra- based computers that augment our driving experience . They will ensure our safety and the safety of tho se 
around us, search and navigate to destinations thro ugh heads- up displays, and enhance our comfort and enjoyment.  Cars will be connected to our 
mobile devices. They may someday drive themselves o ut of parking garages to meet their owners, with th e seat and temperature already set to their 
liking. These features could be enabled by sophisti cated navigation and infotainment systems, as well as next-generation safety and driver-
assistance systems.  
Increasingly, devices are becoming smarter and more  connected. There will be smart TVs that respond to  voice and gesture commands, smart 
monitors powered by Android making a PC optional, a nd watches and jewelry that recognize voice command s and make calls. Our mobile vision is 
to put Tegra into every device where visual computi ng is valued.  
Our Strategies  
Extend Technology Leadership in Visual Computing. We believe that visual computing is fundamental to the continued expansion of 
computing and essential to new computing experience s that define the future of computing. We apply our  expertise in these areas to enhance the 
user experience for consumer entertainment and prof essional visualization applications. We focus our s ignificant R&D depth and scale to extend 
our visual computing leadership.  
Enable and Deliver the World's Best Gaming Experien ces . By focusing on open platforms and end-to- end experiences, we aim to bring the 
highest fidelity and quality to any gaming device. We have a broad portfolio of products and technolog ies optimized for gamers -  GPUs and 
software, mobile SOCs, value- added solutions such as GeForce Experience and Tegr aZone, differentiated devices like SHIELD, and tech nologies 
and appliances for high-quality streaming in GRID.  
Revolutionize Computing with the Parallel Processin g Capability of the GPU. NVIDIA CUDA is a general purpose parallel computing  
platform that leverages the thousands of massively parallel processors inside an NVIDIA GPU to solve m any complex computational problems in a 
fraction of the time required by a CPU and at a fra ction of the power consumption. We work with develo pers worldwide who write programs for the 
CUDA platform using various high- level programming languages. Developers are able to  accelerate applications in areas ranging from mole cular 
dynamics to image processing, derivatives modeling for financial risk analysis and big data analytics.    
Extend our Visual Computing Leadership into Mobile and Cloud Computing Platforms. Mobile, cloud and SaaS are driving changes in the 
computer industry. We believe visual computing will  be a key component in this new computing paradigm.  We want to enable interactive graphics 
applications like games, movie and photo editors, a nd design software to be accessed from any computer  and from anywhere. We also believe that 
the user experience in VDIs, such as those enabled by Citrix and VMware, should be indistinguishable f rom traditional, non-virtual, environments.  
Leverage our Processors and Visual Computing Expert ise to Create Differentiated Devices. We leverage our significant R&D depth and 
scale to create differentiated products, including SHIELD. SHIELD is intended to attract modern gamers  who want to play on open platforms. We 
believe SHIELD also enhances the strategic position  of Tegra, for example, by attracting more games to  TegraZone, which will in turn make every 
Tegra-powered device more enjoyable.  
Use Our Intellectual Property and Resources to Ente r into License and Development Contracts. We believe our intellectual property 
portfolio is a valuable asset than can be monetized  by licensing our technology to customers that desi re to build such capabilities directly into their 
own products. Such license and development arrangem ents may further enhance the reach of our graphics and mobile technology.  
 
7  Table of Contents  
 
Sales and Marketing  
Our worldwide sales and marketing strategy is key t o our objective to become the leading supplier of h igh-performance and efficient GPUs and 
mobile SOC products. Our sales and marketing teams work closely with each industry's respective origin al equipment manufacturers, or OEMs, 
original design manufacturers, or ODMs, system buil ders, motherboard manufacturers, add- in board manufacturers, or AIBs, and industry 
trendsetters, collectively referred to as our Chann el, to define product features, performance, price and timing of new products. Members of our 
sales team have a high level of technical expertise  and product and industry knowledge to support the competitive and complex design win process. 
We also employ a highly skilled team of application  engineers to assist our Channel in designing, test ing and qualifying system designs that 
incorporate our products. We believe that the depth  and quality of our design support are keys to impr oving our Channel's time-to- market, 
maintaining a high level of customer satisfaction w ithin our Channel and fostering relationships that encourage customers to use the next generation 
of our products.  
In the markets we serve that purchase our GPUs, the  sales process involves achieving key design wins w ith leading OEMs and major system 
builders and supporting the product design into hig h volume production with key ODMs, motherboard manu facturers and AIBs. These design wins 
in turn influence the retail and system builder cha nnel that is serviced by AIB and motherboard manufa cturers. Our distribution strategy is to work 
with a number of leading independent contract equip ment manufacturers, or CEMs, ODMs, motherboard manu facturers, AIBs and distributors, 
each of which have relationships with a broad range  of major OEMs and/or strong brand name recognition  in the retail channel. Currently, we sell a 
significant portion of our processors directly to d istributors, CEMs, ODMs, motherboard manufacturers and AIBs, which then sell boards and 
systems with our products to leading OEMs, retail o utlets and a large number of system builders. In th e Tegra Processor segment that we serve, the 
sales process primarily involves achieving key desi gn wins directly with the leading mobile OEMs and s upporting the product design into high-
volume production.    
As a result of our Channel strategy, a small number  of our customers represent the majority of our rev enue. However, their end customers 
consist of a large number of OEMs and system builde rs throughout the world.  Sales to our largest cust omer accounted for 11% of our total revenue 
for fiscal year 2014 .   
To encourage software title developers and publishe rs to develop games optimized for platforms utilizi ng our products and enterprise 
applications optimized for our GPUs, we seek to est ablish and maintain strong relationships in the sof tware development community. Engineering 
and marketing personnel interact with and visit key  software developers to promote and discuss our pro ducts, as well as to ascertain product 
requirements and solve technical problems. Our deve loper program makes certain that our products are a vailable to developers prior to volume 
availability in order to encourage the development of software applications and game titles that are o ptimized for our products.  
Backlog  
Our sales are primarily made pursuant to standard p urchase orders. The quantity of products purchased by our customers as well as our 
shipment schedules are subject to revisions that re flect changes in both the customers' requirements a nd in manufacturing availability. The 
semiconductor industry is characterized by short le ad time orders and quick delivery schedules. In lig ht of industry practice and experience, we 
believe that only a small portion of our backlog is  non-cancelable and that the dollar amount associat ed with the non- cancelable portion is not 
significant.  
Seasonality  
Our GPU and Tegra processor products serve many mar kets from consumer PC gaming to enterprise workstat ions to government and service 
provider cloud datacenters; however, a majority of our revenue is consumer focused. Our consumer produ cts have typically seen stronger revenue 
in the second half of our fiscal year. However, the re can be no assurance that this trend will continu e.  
   
 
8  Table of Contents  
 
Manufacturing  
We do not directly manufacture semiconductor wafers  used for our products. Instead, we utilize what is  known as a fabless manufacturing 
strategy for all of our product-line operating segm ents whereby we employ world- class suppliers for all phases of the manufacturing  process, 
including wafer fabrication, assembly, testing and packaging. This strategy uses the expertise of indu stry-leading suppliers that are certified by the 
International Organization for Standardization in s uch areas as fabrication, assembly, quality control  and assurance, reliability and testing. In 
addition, this strategy allows us to avoid many of the significant costs and risks associated with own ing and operating manufacturing operations. 
Our suppliers are also responsible for procurement of most of the raw materials used in the production  of our products. As a result, we can focus our 
resources on product design, additional quality ass urance, marketing and customer support.  
We utilize industry- leading suppliers, such as Taiwan Semiconductor Man ufacturing Company Limited, to produce our semicond uctor wafers. 
We then utilize independent subcontractors, such as  Advanced Semiconductor Engineering, Inc., JSI Logi stics Ltd., King Yuan Electronics Co., 
Ltd. and Siliconware Precision Industries Company L td. to perform assembly, testing and packaging of m ost of our products. We purchase 
substrates from IbidenCo., Ltd., Nanya Technology C orporation, and Unimicron Technology Corporation.  
We typically receive semiconductor products from ou r subcontractors, perform incoming quality assuranc e and then ship the semiconductors to 
CEMs, distributors, motherboard and AIB customers f rom our third- party warehouse in Hong Kong. Generally, these manu facturers assemble and 
test the boards based on our design kit and test sp ecifications, and then ship our products to retaile rs, system builders or OEMs as motherboard and 
add-in board solutions.  
Inventory and Working Capital  
   
We focus considerable attention on managing our inv entories and other working-capital- related items. We manage inventories by 
communicating with our customers and then using our  industry experience to forecast demand on a produc t-by-product basis. We then place 
manufacturing orders for our products that are base d on forecasted demand. The quantity of products ac tually purchased by our customers as well 
as shipment schedules are subject to revisions that  reflect changes in both the customers' requirement s and in manufacturing availability. We 
generally maintain substantial inventories of our p roducts because the semiconductor industry is chara cterized by short lead time orders and quick 
delivery schedules. A substantial amount of our inv entories are maintained as semi- finished products that can be leveraged across a wi de range of 
our processors to balance our customer demands.  
   
Our existing cash and marketable securities balance s increased by 25.3% to $4.67 billion at the end of  fiscal year 2014 compared with the end 
of fiscal year 2013 , primarily due to our issuance of $1.5 billion in Convertible Senior Notes in December 2013. We belie ve that these balances and 
our anticipated cash flows from operations will be sufficient to meet our operating, acquisition, capi tal purchases and our intended capital return to 
shareholders needs for at least the next twelve mon ths.  
 
Research and Development  
   
We believe that the continued introduction of new a nd enhanced products designed to deliver leading vi sual computing technology including 
3D graphics, HD video, audio, ultra- low power consumption and SOC architectures is esse ntial to our future success. Our research and 
development strategy is to focus on concurrently de veloping multiple generations of GPUs and Tegra Pro cessors, including GPUs for high-
performance computing, and Tegra SOCs for SHIELD an d other mobile products using independent design te ams. Our research and development 
efforts are performed within specialized groups con sisting of software engineering, hardware engineeri ng, very large scale integration design 
engineering, process engineering, architecture and algorithms. These groups act as a pipeline designed  to allow the efficient simultaneous 
development of multiple generations of products.  
   
A critical component of our product development eff ort is our partnerships with leaders in the compute r-aided design industry. We invest 
significant resources in the development of relatio nships with industry leaders, often assisting these  companies in the product definition of their new 
products. We believe that forming these relationshi ps and utilizing next- generation development tools to design, simulate an d verify our products 
will help us remain at the forefront of the 3D grap hics market and develop products that utilize leadi ng-edge technology on a rapid basis. We 
believe this approach assists us in meeting the new  design schedules of PC OEMs and other manufacturer s. We believe in leveraging our significant 
R&D depth and scale to create differentiated produc ts.  
   
As of January 26, 2014 , we had 6,384 full-time emp loyees engaged in research and development. During fiscal years 2014 , 2013 and 2012, 
we incurred research and development expense of $ 1 ,335.8 million , $1,147.3 million and $ 1,002.6 mil lion , respectively.  
 
9  Table of Contents  
 
Competition  
   
The market for our products is intensely competitiv e and is characterized by rapid technological chang e, evolving industry standards and 
declining average selling prices. We believe that t he principal competitive factors in this market are  performance, breadth of product offerings, 
access to customers and distribution channels, soft ware support, conformity to industry standard Appli cation Programming Interfaces, 
manufacturing capabilities, processor pricing and t otal system costs. We believe that our ability to r emain competitive will depend on how well we 
are able to anticipate the features and functions t hat customers will demand and whether we are able t o deliver consistent volumes of our products at 
acceptable levels of quality and at competitive pri ces. We expect competition to increase from both ex isting competitors and new market entrants 
with products that may be less costly than ours, or  may provide better performance or additional featu res not provided by our products. In addition, 
it is possible that new competitors or alliances am ong competitors could emerge and acquire significan t market share .  
 
A significant source of competition comes from comp anies that provide or intend to provide GPUs and mo bile SOC products. Some of our 
competitors may have greater marketing, financial, distribution and manufacturing resources than we do  and may be more able to adapt to customer 
or technological changes.  
   
Our current competitors include:  
 
 
 
 
 
If and to the extent we offer products in new marke ts, we may face competition from existing competito rs as well as from companies with 
which we currently do not compete. We expect substa ntial competition from both Intel's and AMD's, stra tegy of selling platform solutions, 
including integrating a CPU and a GPU on the same c hip or same package, as evidenced by Intel's CPUs w ith integrated graphics and AMD's 
accelerated processing unit, or APU, products. As A MD and Intel continue to pursue platform solutions and integrated CPUs, we may not be able to 
successfully compete and our business could be nega tively impacted.  
Patents and Proprietary Rights  
We rely primarily on a combination of patents, trad emarks, trade secrets, employee and third- party nondisclosure agreements and licensing 
arrangements to protect our intellectual property i n the United States and internationally. Our curren tly issued patents have expiration dates from 
April 2014 to September 2033. We have numerous pate nts issued, allowed and pending in the United State s and in foreign jurisdictions. Our patents 
and pending patent applications primarily relate to  our products and the technology used in connection  with our products. We also rely on 
international treaties, organizations and foreign l aws to protect our intellectual property. The laws of certain foreign countries in which our products 
are or may be manufactured or sold, including vario us countries in Asia, may not protect our products or intellectual property rights to the same 
extent as the laws of the United States. This decre ased protection makes the possibility of piracy of our technology and products more likely. We 
continuously assess whether and where to seek forma l protection for particular innovations and technol ogies based on such factors as:  
 
 
 
10  •  suppliers of discrete and integrated GPUs, includin g supercomputers and chipsets that incorporate 3D g raphics functionality as part of their 
existing solutions, such as Advanced Micro Devices,  or AMD, and Intel Corporation;  
•  suppliers of SOC products that support tablets, sma rtphones, and PCs as well as products that are embe dded into smart devices such as 
televisions, monitors, set- top boxes, gaming devices and automobiles, such as AMD, ARM Holdings plc, or ARM, Broadcom Corporation , 
Freescale Semiconductor Inc., HiSilicon Technologie s Co., Ltd., Imagination Technologies Ltd., Intel, Marvell Technology Group Ltd., 
Mediatek, Qualcomm Incorporated, Renesas Technology  Corp., Samsung Electronics Co. Ltd., ST Microelect ronics, and Texas 
Instruments Incorporated;  
•  licensors of graphics technologies, such as ARM and  Imagination Technologies Group plc.; and 
•  suppliers of cellular basebands, such as Broadcom C orporation, HiSilicon Technologies Co., Ltd., Intel , Marvell Technology Group Ltd., 
Mediatek, Qualcomm Incorporated, Samsung Electronic s Co. Ltd., and Spreadtrum Communications Co., Ltd.   
•  the location in which our products are manufactured ; 
•  our strategic technology or product directions in d ifferent countries; 
•  the degree to which intellectual property laws exis t and are meaningfully enforced in different jurisd ictions; and 
•  the commercial significance of our operations and o ur competitors' operations in particular countries and regions. Table of Contents  
 
We have also licensed technology from third parties  for incorporation in some of our products and for defensive reasons, and expect to 
continue to enter into such license agreements.  
 
Employees  
   
As of January 26, 2014 , we had 8,808 employees, 6, 384 of whom were engaged in research and developmen t and 2,424 of whom were 
engaged in sales, marketing, operations and adminis trative positions.  
 
Environmental Regulatory Compliance  
 
To date, we have not incurred significant expenses related to environmental regulatory compliance matt ers. For additional detail see “ Item 1A. 
Risk Factors - Risks Related to Regulatory, Legal, Our Common Stock and Other Matters - Our failure to comply with any applicable 
environmental regulations could result in a range o f consequences, including fines, suspension of prod uction, excess inventory, sales limitations, 
and criminal and civil liabilities .”  
 
Financial Information by Reporting Segment and Geog raphic Data  
 
The information included in Note 16 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statemen ts in Part IV, Item 15 of this Annual Report on For m 
10-K, including financial information by reporting segment and revenue and long- lived assets by geographic region, is hereby incorp orated by 
reference. For additional detail regarding the risk s attendant to our foreign operations see “Item 1A.  Risk Factors - Risks Related to Our Business, 
Industry and Partners - We are subject to risks associated with internation al operations which may harm our business. ”  
 
Executive Officers of the Registrant  
 
The following sets forth certain information regard ing our executive officers, their ages and their po sitions as of March 7, 2014 :  
   
Jen-Hsun Huang co-founded NVIDIA in April 1993 and has served as its President, Chief Executive Officer and a member of the Board of 
Directors since its inception. From 1985 to 1993, M r. Huang was employed at LSI Logic Corporation, a c omputer chip manufacturer, where he held 
a variety of positions, most recently as Director o f Coreware, the business unit responsible for LSI's  “system-on-chip” strategy. From 1983 to 1985, 
Mr. Huang was a microprocessor designer for Advance d Micro Devices, Inc., a semiconductor company. Mr.  Huang holds a B.S.E.E. degree from 
Oregon State University and an M.S.E.E. degree from  Stanford University.  
 
Colette M. Kress joined NVIDIA in September 2013 as Executive Vice P resident and Chief Financial Officer. Prior to NVID IA, Ms. Kress 
most recently served as Senior Vice President and C hief Financial Officer of the Business Technology a nd Operations Finance organization at 
Cisco Systems, Inc., a networking equipment company , since 2010. At Cisco, Ms. Kress was responsible f or financial strategy, planning, reporting 
and business development for all business segments,  engineering and operations. From 1997 to 2010 Ms. Kress held a variety of positions at 
Microsoft Corporation, a software company, includin g, beginning in 2006, Chief Financial Officer of th e Server and Tools division, where Ms. 
Kress was responsible for financial strategy, plann ing, reporting and business development for the div ision. Prior to joining Microsoft, Ms. Kress 
spent eight years at Texas Instruments Incorporated , a semiconductor company, where she held a variety  of finance positions. Ms. Kress holds a 
B.S. degree in Finance from University of Arizona a nd an M.B.A. degree from Southern Methodist Univers ity.  
   
 
11  Name    Age    Position  
Jen-Hsun Huang    51    President, Chief Executive Officer and Director  
Colette M. Kress    46    Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Office r  
Ajay K. Puri    59    Executive Vice President, Worldwide Sales  
David M. Shannon    58    Executive Vice President, Chief Administrative Offi cer and Secretary  
Debora Shoquist    59    Executive Vice President, Operations  Table of Contents  
 
Ajay K. Puri joined NVIDIA in December 2005 as Senior Vice Presi dent, Worldwide Sales and became Executive Vice Pre sident, Worldwide 
Sales in January 2009. Prior to NVIDIA, he held pos itions in sales, marketing, and general management over a 22- year career at Sun Microsystems, 
Inc., a computing systems company. Mr. Puri previou sly held marketing, management consulting, and prod uct development positions at Hewlett-
Packard Company, an information technology company,  Booz Allen Hamilton Inc., a management and technol ogy consulting company, and Texas 
Instruments. Mr. Puri holds a B.S.E.E. degree from the University of Minnesota, an M.S.E.E. degree fro m the California Institute of Technology 
and an M.B.A. degree from Harvard Business School.  
   
David M. Shannon serves as Executive Vice President, Chief Administr ative Officer and Secretary of NVIDIA.  In this rol e, he is responsible 
for NVIDIA’ s legal and human resources functions, as well as i ntellectual property licensing. Mr. Shannon joined NVIDIA in August 2002 as Vice 
President and General Counsel. Mr. Shannon became S ecretary of NVIDIA in April 2005, a Senior Vice Pre sident in December 2005 and an 
Executive Vice President in January 2009.  In Janua ry 2013, Mr. Shannon also became the head of Human Resources.  Mr. Shannon was promoted 
to the role of Chief Administrative Officer in Janu ary 2014. From 1993 to 2002, Mr. Shannon held vario us counsel positions at Intel, most recently 
the position of Vice President and Assistant Genera l Counsel. Mr. Shannon also practiced for eight yea rs in the law firm of Gibson Dunn and 
Crutcher, focusing on complex commercial and high- technology related litigation. Mr. Shannon holds B. A. and J.D. degrees from Pepperdine 
University.  
   
Debora Shoquist joined NVIDIA in September 2007 as Senior Vice Pres ident of Operations and became Executive Vice Presi dent of 
Operations in January 2009. From 2004 to 2007, Ms. Shoquist served as Executive Vice President of Oper ations at JDS Uniphase Corporation, a 
provider of communications test and measurement sol utions and optical products for the telecommunicati ons industry. From 2002 to 2004, Ms. 
Shoquist served as Senior Vice President and Genera l Manager of the Electro- Optics business at Coherent, Inc., a manufacturer o f commercial and 
scientific laser equipment. Ms. Shoquist’ s experience includes her role at Quantum Corporati on, a data protection company, as the President of the 
Personal Computer Hard Disk Drive Division. Ms. Sho quist’s experience also includes senior roles at He wlett-Packard. Ms. Shoquist holds a B.S. 
degree in Electrical Engineering from Kansas State University and a B.S. degree in Biology from Santa Clara University.  
 
Available Information  
   
Our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8- K and, if applicable, amendments to those reports 
filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) of the  Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, are a vailable free of charge on or through our web 
site, http://www.nvidia.com , as soon as reasonably practicable after we electr onically file such material with, or furnish it to,  the Securities and 
Exchange Commission, or the SEC. Our web site and t he information on it or connected to it are not a p art of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.  
 
12  Table of Contents  
 
ITEM 1A.  RISK FACTORS  
In evaluating NVIDIA and our business, the followin g factors should be considered in addition to the o ther information in this Annual Report 
on Form 10- K. Before you buy our common stock, you should know  that making such an investment involves some risks  including, but not limited 
to, the risks described below. Additionally, any on e of the following risks could seriously harm our b usiness, financial condition and results of 
operations, which could cause our stock price to de cline. Additional risks and uncertainties not prese ntly known to us or that we currently deem 
immaterial may also impair our business operations.   
Risks Related to Our Business, Industry and Partner s  
If we are unable to compete in the markets for our products, our financial results will be adversely i mpacted .  
The market for our products is extremely competitiv e, and we expect competition to intensify as curren t competitors expand their product 
offerings, industry standards continue to evolve an d others realize the market potential of mobile and  consumer products and services.       
We expect competition to increase from both existin g competitors and new market entrants with products  that may be less costly than ours, or 
may provide better performance or additional featur es not provided by our products. In addition, it is  possible that new competitors or alliances 
among competitors could emerge and acquire signific ant market share. Furthermore, competitors with gre ater financial resources may be able to 
offer lower prices than us, or they may offer addit ional products, services or other incentives that w e may not be able to match. In addition, many of 
our competitors operate and maintain their own fabr ication facilities and have longer operating histor ies, greater name recognition, larger customer 
bases, and greater sales, marketing and distributio n resources than we do. In order to effectively com pete we may have to invest more resources in 
research and development than anticipated, which co uld increase our operating expenses and negatively impact our operating results. If we are 
required to invest significantly greater resources than anticipated in research and development effort s without a corresponding increase in revenue, 
our operating results could decline. In order to re main competitive and meet the demands of the market s we serve, we expect to devote a substantial 
portion of our resources to research and developmen t. Our ability to compete will depend on, among oth er factors, our ability to:  
If we are unable to compete in our current or new m arkets, demand for our products could decrease whic h could cause our revenue to decline 
and our financial results to suffer.     If and to the extent we offer products in new markets, we may  face competition from existing competitors as 
well as from companies with which we currently do n ot compete. We expect substantial competition from both Intel and AMD's, strategy of selling 
platform solutions, including integrating a CPU and  a GPU on the same chip or same package, as evidenc ed by Intel's CPUs with integrated 
graphics and AMD's APU product. As AMD and Intel co ntinue to pursue platform solutions and integrated CPUs, we may not be able to 
successfully compete and our business could be nega tively impacted. Despite the use of these integrate d CPUs, personal computer, or PC, builders 
and consumers have continued to embrace discrete GP Us to provide higher performance. If integrated CPU s offer a more compelling value 
proposition in the future, PC builders and consumer s may move away from the use of discrete GPUs, whic h could adversely affect our business and 
cause our financial results to decline.  
We are implementing a business strategy to license our GPU cores and visual computing patent portfolio  to device manufacturers. Although we 
have engaged in licensing in the past, we are now e ngaging a broader market with new and existing comp etitors who may be able to adapt more 
quickly to customer requirements and emerging techn ologies. We cannot be assured of the extent of the demand for licenses to our GPU cores or 
other elements of our visual computing patent portf olio, or that we will be able to compete successful ly against current or new competitors who 
may have stronger positions in these new markets.  
 
13  •  continue to keep pace with technological developmen ts; 
•  develop and introduce new products, services, techn ologies and enhancements on a timely basis; 
•  transition our semiconductor products to increasing ly smaller line width geometries; 
•  obtain sufficient foundry capacity and packaging ma terials; and 
•  succeed in significant foreign markets, such as Chi na and India. Table of Contents  
 
Our business results could be adversely affected if  the identification and development of new products  is delayed or unsuccessful.  
In order to maintain or improve our financial resul ts, we will need to continue to identify and develo p new products and enhancements to our 
existing products in a timely and cost-effective ma nner. The process of developing new products and se rvices and enhancing existing products and 
services is highly complex, costly and uncertain, a nd any failure by us to anticipate customers' chang ing needs and emerging technology trends 
could adversely affect our business. We must make m ulti-year investments and commit significant resour ces before knowing whether our 
predictions will accurately reflect customer demand  for our new products and technologies.  It is poss ible that our development efforts will not be 
successful and that our new technologies will not r esult in meaningful revenues.   Even if we introduc e new and enhanced products to the market, 
we may not be able to achieve consumer and/or marke t acceptance of them in a timely manner.  
 
Our ability to successfully develop and deliver new  products will depend on various factors, including  our ability to:  
We occasionally have experienced delays in completi ng the development and introduction of new products  and product enhancements, and we 
could experience delays in the future. In addition,  in the past, we have faced challenges in managing product transitions from older to newer 
products resulting in obsolete inventory. Our failu re to successfully develop and introduce new produc ts and technologies or identify new uses for 
existing or future products could result in rapidly  declining average selling prices, reduced demand f or our products or loss of market share, any of 
which could harm our competitive position and cause  our revenue, gross margin and overall financial re sults to suffer.  
If we are unable to achieve consumer and market acc eptance and design wins for our products and techno logies, our results of operations 
and competitive position will be harmed.  
The success of our business depends to a significan t extent on our ability to achieve consumer and mar ket acceptance of our new products and 
enhancements to our existing products and identify and enter new markets, such as cloud- based computing appliances, servers, automotive 
technology, smartphones, tablets, video game consol es, and other similar consumer electronic devices. The markets for our products and 
technologies are characterized by unpredictable and  sometimes rapid shifts in the popularity of produc ts, often caused by the publication of 
competitive industry benchmark results, changes in pricing of dynamic random- access memory devices and other changes in the tota l system cost 
of add-in boards, or AIBs, as well as by severe price comp etition and by frequent new technology and product introductions. Broad consumer and 
market acceptance is difficult to achieve and such consumer and market acceptance, if achieved, is dif ficult to sustain due to intense competition 
and frequent new technology and product introductio ns.  Our success in achieving consumer and market a cceptance will depend in part on our 
ability to cultivate new industry relationships and  improve the functionality of our products as the n umber of internet- connected devices increases. 
If we do not successfully achieve or maintain consu mer and market acceptance for our products and enha ncements or identify and enter new 
markets, our ability to compete and maintain or inc rease revenues will suffer.  
We believe achieving design wins, which entails hav ing our existing and future products chosen for har dware components or subassemblies 
designed by original equipment manufacturers, or OE Ms, original design manufacturers, or ODMs, and AIB  and motherboard manufacturers, is an 
integral part of our future success. Our OEM, ODM, and AIB and motherboard manufacturers' customers ty pically introduce new system 
configurations as often as twice per year, typicall y based on spring and fall design cycles or in conn ection with trade shows. Accordingly, when our 
customers are making their design decisions, our ex isting products must have competitive performance l evels or we must timely introduce new 
products in order to be included in our customers' new system configurations. This requires that we:  
 
14  •  effectively identify and capitalize upon opportunit ies in new markets; 
•  timely complete and introduce new products and tech nologies; 
•  transition our semiconductor products to increasing ly smaller line width geometries; and 
•  obtain sufficient foundry capacity and packaging ma terials. 
•  anticipate the features and functionality that cust omers and consumers will demand; 
•  incorporate those features and functionalities into  products that meet the exacting design requirement s of our customers; Table of Contents  
 
If OEMs, ODMs, and AIB and motherboard manufacturer s do not include our products in their systems, the y will typically not use our 
products in their systems until at least the next d esign configuration.  
Our ability to achieve design wins also depends in part on our ability to identify and be compliant wi th evolving industry standards. 
Unanticipated changes in industry standards could r ender our products incompatible with products devel oped by major hardware manufacturers and 
software developers.  If our products are not in co mpliance with prevailing industry standards, we may  not be designed into our customers' product 
designs.  However, to be compliant with changes to industry standards, we may have to invest significa nt time and resources to redesign our 
products which could negatively impact our gross ma rgin or operating results. If we are unable to achi eve new design wins for existing or new 
customers, we may lose market share and our operati ng results would be negatively impacted.  
We depend on foundries to manufacture our products and these third parties may not be able to obtain o r successfully implement high 
quality, leading-edge process technologies or other wise satisfy our manufacturing requirements, which would harm our business .  
We do not manufacture the silicon wafers used for o ur products and do not own or operate a wafer fabri cation facility. Instead, we are 
dependent on industry- leading foundries, such as Taiwan Semiconductor Man ufacturing Company Limited, or TSMC, to manufacture  our 
semiconductor wafers using their fabrication equipm ent and techniques. A substantial portion of our wa fers are supplied by TSMC. The foundries, 
which have limited capacity, also manufacture produ cts for other semiconductor companies, including so me of our competitors.  Because we do not 
have long- term commitment contracts with any of these foundri es, they do not have an obligation to provide us wi th any set pricing or minimum 
quantity of product at any time except as may be pr ovided in a specific purchase order.   Most of our products are only manufactured by one 
foundry at a time.  In times of high demand, the fo undries could choose to prioritize their capacity f or other companies, reduce or eliminate 
deliveries to us, or increase the prices that they charge us.  If we are unable to meet customer deman d due to reduced or eliminated deliveries or 
have to increase the prices of our products, we cou ld lose sales to customers, which would negatively impact our revenue and our reputation.   
Furthermore, our third-party foundries may not be a ble to develop, obtain or successfully implement hi gh quality, leading- edge process 
technologies, including transitions to smaller geom etry process technologies, needed to manufacture ou r products profitably or on a timely basis. If 
our third- party foundries experience manufacturing inefficien cies, we may fail to achieve acceptable yields or e xperience product delivery delays. 
For example, due to capacity constraints at TSMC of  our 28 nanometer Kepler GPUs in the first quarter of fiscal year 2013, we were unable to 
fulfill customer demand for our high- end desktop GPU products, and as our sales mix shif ted to our mainstream desktop GPU products, revenue  
and gross margins for the first quarter of fiscal y ear 2013 were negatively impacted compared to the p rior quarter.  
Because the lead- time needed to establish strategic relationships wi th new manufacturing partners and achieve initial p roduction could be over 
a year, we do not have a readily available alternat ive source of supply for our products. In addition,  the time and effort to qualify a new foundry 
would result in additional expense and diversion of  resources, and could result in lost sales, any of which would negatively impact our financial 
results. We believe that long-term market acceptanc e for our products will depend on reliable relation ships with the third- party manufacturers we 
use to ensure adequate product supply and competiti ve pricing to respond to customer demand.  
Failure to achieve expected manufacturing yields fo r our products could negatively impact our financia l results and damage our reputation.  
Manufacturing yields for our products are a functio n of product design, which is developed largely by us, and process technology, which 
typically is proprietary to the manufacturer. Low y ields may result from either product design or proc ess technology failure.  We do not know a 
yield problem exists until our design is manufactur ed.  When a yield issue is identified, the product is analyzed and tested to determine the cause. 
As a result, yield problems may not be identified u ntil well into the production process. Resolution o f yield problems requires cooperation by, and 
communication between, us and the manufacturer. Bec ause of our potentially limited access to wafer fou ndry capacity, decreases in manufacturing 
yields could result in an increase in our costs and  force us to allocate our available product supply among our customers. Lower than expected 
yields could potentially harm customer relationship s, our reputation and our financial results.  
 
15  •  price our products competitively; and 
•  introduce products to the market within our custome rs' limited design cycles. Table of Contents  
 
A decline in demand in certain end-user markets cou ld decrease the demand for our products and harm ou r results of operations.  
Our customer base includes companies in a wide rang e of end- user markets, but we generate a significant amount of revenue from sales to 
consumers of communications- and PC-related product s. Within these end- user markets, a large portion of our revenue is gen erated from sales to 
consumers in the smartphone, tablet and PC markets,  including professional workstations. Decline in on e or several of these end- user markets could 
harm demand for our products and our results of ope rations and financial condition. These declines cou ld be large and sudden. Because smartphone, 
tablet and PC manufacturers often build inventories  during periods of anticipated growth, they may be left with excess inventories if growth slows 
or if they incorrectly forecast product transitions . In these cases, these manufacturers may abruptly suspend substantially all purchases of additional 
inventory from suppliers like us until their excess  inventory has been absorbed, which would have a ne gative impact on our financial results.  
We sell our products to a limited number of custome rs and our business could suffer if we lose any of these customers.  
We receive a significant amount of our revenue from  a limited number of customers. Revenue from signif icant customers, those representing 
10% or more of total revenue, was approximately 21%  of our total revenue from two customers in fiscal year 2014 and approximately 13% and 
11% of our total revenue from one customer in fisca l years 2013 and 2012, respectively. Approximately  23%  of our accounts receivable balance 
was from one customer as of January 26, 2014, and a pproximately 40% of our accounts receivable balance  was from three customers as of 
January 27, 2013. We maintain an allowance for doub tful accounts for estimated losses resulting from t he inability of our customers to make 
required payments and obtain credit insurance over the purchasing credit extended to certain customers . In the future, we may have to record 
additional reserves or write- offs and/or defer revenue on certain sales transact ions which could negatively impact our financial re sults and as a 
result of the tightening of the credit markets, we may not be able to acquire credit insurance on the credit we extend to these customers or in 
amounts that we deem sufficient.  
Revenue from our largest customer has fluctuated si gnificantly from period to period primarily due to the timing and number of design wins 
with each customer, as well as the continued divers ification of our customer base as we expand into ne w markets, and will likely continue to 
fluctuate dramatically in the future. Our operating  results in the foreseeable future will continue to  depend on sales to a relatively small number of 
customers, as well as the ability of these customer s to sell products that incorporate our products. I n the future, these customers may decide not to 
purchase our products at all, purchase fewer produc ts than they did in the past, or alter their purcha sing patterns in some other way, particularly 
because:  
The loss of any of our large customers or a signifi cant reduction in sales we make to them would likel y harm our financial condition and results 
of operations and any difficulties in collecting ac counts receivable could harm our operating results and financial condition.  
 
16  •  substantially all of our sales are made on a purcha se order basis, which permits our customers to canc el, change or delay product purchase 
commitments with little or no notice to us and with out penalty;  
•  our customers may develop their own solutions; 
•  our customers may purchase products from our compet itors; or 
•  our customers may discontinue sales or lose market share in the markets for which they purchase our pr oducts. Table of Contents  
 
If we fail to appropriately scale our operations in  response to changes in demand for our existing pro ducts or to the demand for new products 
requested by our customers, our business and profit ability could be harmed.  
To achieve our business objectives, it may be neces sary from time to time for us to expand or contract  our operations. In the future, we may not 
be able to scale our workforce and operations in a sufficiently timely manner to respond effectively t o changes in demand for our existing products 
or to the demand for new products requested by our customers. In that event, we may be unable to meet competitive challenges or exploit potential 
market opportunities, and our current or future bus iness could be materially and adversely affected. C onversely, if we expand our operations and 
workforce too rapidly in anticipation of increased demand for our products, and such demand does not m aterialize at the pace at which we expected, 
the rate of increase in our costs and operating exp enses may exceed the rate of increase in our revenu e, which would adversely affect our results of 
operations. In addition, if such demand does not ma terialize at the pace which we expect, we may be re quired to scale down our business through 
expense and headcount reductions as well as facilit y consolidations or closures that could result in r estructuring charges that would materially and 
adversely affect our results of operations. Because  many of our expenses are fixed in the short- term or are incurred in advance of anticipated sale s, 
we may not be able to decrease our expenses in a ti mely manner to offset any decrease in customer dema nd. If customer demand does not increase 
as anticipated, our profitability could be adversel y affected due to our higher expense levels.  
Our past growth has placed, and any future long- term growth is expected to continue to place, a sig nificant strain on our management 
personnel, systems and resources. To implement our current business and product plans, we will need to  continue to expand, train, manage and 
motivate our workforce.  All of these endeavors req uire substantial management effort. If we are unabl e to effectively manage our expanding 
operations, we may be unable to scale our business quickly enough to meet competitive challenges or ex ploit potential market opportunities, or 
conversely, we may scale our business too quickly a nd the rate of increase in our costs and expenses m ay exceed the rate of increase in our revenue, 
either of which would harm our results of operation s.  
Our revenue may fluctuate while a majority of our o perating expenses are a factor of multi- year investments ahead of when revenue is 
received, which makes our results difficult to pred ict and could cause our results to fall short of ex pectations.  
Our operating expenses are primarily related to mul ti-year research and development investments ahead of the revenue received from the 
products which are produced. Our research and devel opment expenses totaled $1.34 billion , $1.15 billi on , and $1.00 billion in fiscal years 2014, 
2013 and 2012, respectively.  
Any one or more of the risks discussed in this Annu al Report on Form 10- K or other factors could prevent us from achieving our expected 
future revenue or net income. Accordingly, we belie ve that period-to- period comparisons of our results of operations sho uld not be relied upon as 
an indication of future performance. Similarly, the  results of any quarterly or full fiscal year perio d are not necessarily indicative of results to be 
expected for a subsequent quarter or a full fiscal year. As a result, it is possible that in some quar ters our operating results could be below the 
expectations of securities analysts or investors, w hich could cause the trading price of our common st ock to decline. We believe that our quarterly 
and annual results of operations may continue to be  affected by a variety of factors that could harm o ur revenue, gross profit and results of 
operations.  
Because our gross margin for any period depends on a number of factors, our failure to forecast change s in any of these factors could 
adversely affect our gross margin.  
We are focused on improving our gross margin. Our g ross margin for any period depends on a number of f actors, including:   
 
17  •  the mix of our products sold; 
•  average selling prices; 
•  introduction of new products; 
•  product transitions; 
•  sales discounts; 
•  unexpected pricing actions by our competitors; Table of Contents  
 
If we do not correctly forecast the impact of any o f the relevant factors on our business, there may n ot be any actions we can take or we may 
not be able to take any possible actions in time to  counteract any negative impact on our gross margin .   In addition, if we are unable to meet our 
gross margin target for any period or the target se t by analysts, the trading price of our common stoc k may decline.   
Our failure to estimate customer demand properly co uld adversely affect our financial results.  
We manufacture our products based on forecasts of c ustomer demand in order to have shorter shipment le ad times and quicker delivery 
schedules for our customers.  As a result, we may b uild inventories for anticipated periods of growth which do not occur or may build inventory 
anticipating demand for a product that does not mat erialize. In forecasting demand, we make multiple a ssumptions any of which may prove to be 
incorrect. Situations that may result in excess or obsolete inventory include:  
Any inability to sell products to which we have dev oted resources could harm our business. In addition , cancellation or deferral of customer 
purchase orders could result in our holding excess inventory, which could adversely affect our gross m argin and restrict our ability to fund 
operations. Additionally, because we often sell a s ubstantial portion of our products in the last mont h of each quarter, we may not be able to reduce 
our inventory purchase commitments in a timely mann er in response to customer cancellations or deferra ls. We could be subject to excess or 
obsolete inventories and be required to take corres ponding inventory write- downs and/or a reduction in average selling prices if growth slows or 
does not materialize, or if we incorrectly forecast  product demand, which could negatively impact our financial results.  
Conversely, if we underestimate our customers' dema nd for our products, our third-party manufacturing partners may not have adequate lead-
time or capacity to increase production for us mean ing that we may not be able to obtain sufficient in ventory to fill our customers' orders on a 
timely basis. Even if we are able to increase produ ction levels to meet customer demand, we may not be  able to do so in a cost effective or timely 
manner. Inability to fulfill our customers' orders on a timely basis, or at all, could damage our cust omer relationships, result in lost revenue, cause a  
loss in market share, impact our customer relations hips or damage our reputation, any of which could a dversely impact our business.  
 
18  •  the cost of product components; and 
•  the yield of wafers produced by the foundries that manufacture our products. 
•  changes in business and economic conditions, includ ing downturns in the semiconductor industry and/or overall economy; 
•  changes in consumer confidence caused by changes in  market conditions, including changes in the credit  market, expectations for 
inflation, and energy prices;  
•  if there were a sudden and significant decrease in demand for our products; 
•  if there were a higher incidence of inventory obsol escence because of rapidly changing technology and customer requirements; 
•  if we fail to estimate customer demand properly for  our older products as our newer products are intro duced; or 
•  if our competition were to take unexpected competit ive pricing actions. Table of Contents  
 
We may not be able to realize the potential financi al or strategic benefits of business acquisitions o r strategic investments and we may not be 
able to successfully integrate acquisition targets,  which could hurt our ability to grow our business,  develop new products or sell our products.  
We have acquired and invested in other businesses t hat offered products, services and technologies tha t we believe will help expand or enhance 
our existing products and business.  
We may enter into future acquisitions of, or invest ments in, businesses, in order to complement or exp and our current businesses or enter into a 
new business market. Negotiations associated with a n acquisition or strategic investment could divert management's attention and other company 
resources. Any of the following risks associated wi th past or future acquisitions or investments could  impair our ability to grow our business, 
develop new products or sell our products, and ulti mately could have a negative impact on our growth o r our financial results:  
 
19  •  difficulty in combining the technology, products, o perations or workforce of the acquired business wit h our business; 
•  difficulty in operating in a new or multiple new lo cations; 
•  disruption of our ongoing businesses or the ongoing  business of the company we invest in or acquire; 
•  difficulty in realizing the potential financial or strategic benefits of the transaction; 
•  difficulty in maintaining uniform standards, contro ls, procedures and policies; 
•  difficulty integrating the target's accounting, man agement information, human resources and other admi nistrative systems; 
•  diversion of capital and other resources; 
•  assumption of liabilities; 
•  incurring acquisition- related costs or amortization costs for acquired in tangible assets that could impact our operating res ults; 
•  incurring impairment charges related to goodwill an d other purchased intangible assets acquired in con nection with acquisitions or 
investments;  
•  diversion of resources and unanticipated expenses r esulting from litigation arising from potential or actual business acquisitions or 
investments;  
•  potential failure of the due diligence processes to  identify significant issues with product quality, architecture and development, or legal 
and financial contingencies, among other things;  
•  difficulties in entering into new markets in which we have limited or no experience and where competit ors in such markets have stronger 
positions;  
•  potential inability to obtain, or obtain in a timel y manner, approvals from governmental authorities, which could delay or prevent such 
acquisitions or investments; and  
•  impairment of relationships with employees, vendors  and customers, or the loss of any of our key emplo yees, vendors or customers or our 
target's key employees, vendors or customers, as a result of our acquisition or investment.  Table of Contents  
 
We may be required to record a charge to earnings i f our goodwill or amortizable intangible assets bec ome impaired, which could negatively 
impact our operating results.  
Under generally accepted accounting principles in t he United States, or U.S. GAAP, we review our amort izable intangible assets and goodwill 
for impairment when events or changes in circumstan ces indicate the carrying value may not be recovera ble. Goodwill is tested for impairment at 
least annually. The carrying value of our goodwill or amortizable assets from acquisitions may not be recoverable due to factors such as a decline in 
stock price and market capitalization, reduced esti mates of future cash flows and slower growth rates in our industry or in any of our reporting units. 
Estimates of future cash flows are based on an upda ted long-term financial outlook of our operations. However, actual performance in the near- term 
or long-term could be materially different from these forec asts, which could impact future estimates. For exam ple, in the most recent impairment 
test of our Tegra Processor reporting unit, the fai r value of the reporting unit only exceeded its car rying value by 17%. If the future operating results  
of the Tegra Processor reporting unit are significa ntly lower than our estimates, the goodwill assigne d to Tegra Processor could be impaired, which 
would negatively impact our results of operations.  
System security risks, data protection breaches, cy ber-attacks and systems integration issues could disrup t our internal operations, and any 
such disruption could reduce our expected revenue, increase our expenses, damage our reputation and ad versely affect our stock price .  
Experienced computer programmers and hackers may be  able to penetrate our security controls and misapp ropriate or compromise our 
confidential information or that of third parties, create system disruptions or cause shutdowns. Compu ter programmers and hackers also may be 
able to develop and deploy viruses, worms and other  malicious software programs that attack our produc ts or otherwise exploit any security 
vulnerabilities of our products. The costs to us to  eliminate or alleviate malicious software programs  and security vulnerabilities could be 
significant, and our efforts to address these probl ems may not be successful and could result in inter ruptions, delays, cessation of service and loss of 
existing or potential customers that may impede our  sales, manufacturing, distribution or other critic al functions.  
We manage and store various proprietary information  and sensitive or confidential data relating to our  business and third party business. 
Breaches of our security measures or the accidental  loss, inadvertent disclosure or unapproved dissemi nation of proprietary information or sensitive 
or confidential data about us or our partners or cu stomers, including the potential loss or disclosure  of such information or data as a result of fraud, 
trickery or other forms of deception, could expose us, our partners and customers or the individuals a ffected to a risk of loss or misuse of this 
information, result in litigation and potential lia bility for us, damage our brand and reputation or o therwise harm our business. In addition, the cost 
and operational consequences of implementing furthe r data protection measures could be significant. Fo r example, in July 2012, unauthorized third 
parties gained access to certain user information o n our online forums. We have strengthened security in an effort to minimize future attacks. 
However, hackers may continue to target our securit y controls in the future, and we cannot guarantee t hat our security measures will be able to 
prevent future breaches of our website and/or attac ks on our products.  
Portions of our IT infrastructure also may experien ce interruptions of service or produce errors in co nnection with systemic failures, systems 
integration or migration work that takes place from  time to time. We may not be successful in implemen ting new systems and transitioning data, 
which could cause business disruptions and be more expensive, time consuming, disruptive and resource- intensive. Such disruptions could 
adversely impact our ability to fulfill orders and interrupt other processes. Delayed sales, lower mar gins or lost customers resulting from these 
disruptions could adversely affect our financial re sults, stock price and reputation.  
We may not be able to attract and retain qualified employees which could negatively impact our busines s.  
Our future success and ability to compete are subst antially dependent on our ability to identify, hire , train and retain highly qualified key 
personnel.  The market for key employees in the tec hnology industry can be competitive.  None of our k ey employees is bound by an employment 
agreement, meaning our relationships with all of ou r key employees are at will.  The loss of the servi ces of any of our key employees could delay 
our product development efforts, harm our ability t o sell our products or otherwise negatively impact our business.  
 
20  Table of Contents  
 
We are dependent on third parties for assembly, tes ting and packaging of our products, which reduces o ur control over our product delivery 
schedule, product quantity or product quality.  
Our products are assembled, tested and packaged by independent subcontractors, such as Advanced Semico nductor Engineering, Inc., 
ChipPAC, JSI Logistics, Ltd., King Yuan Electronics  Co. and Siliconware Precision Industries Co. Ltd. As a result, we do not directly control our 
product delivery schedules, product quantity, or pr oduct quality.  All of these subcontractors assembl e, test and package products for other 
companies, including some of our competitors.  Beca use we do not have long- term agreements with our subcontractors, when deman d for 
subcontractors to assemble, test or package product s is high, our subcontractors may decide to priorit ize the orders of other customers over our 
orders.  Because the time required to qualify a dif ferent subcontractor to assemble, test or package o ur products can be lengthy, if we have to find a 
replacement subcontractor we could experience signi ficant delays in shipments of our products, product  shortages, a decrease in the quality of our 
products, or an increase in product cost. Any produ ct shortages or quality assurance problems could in crease the costs of manufacture, assembly or 
testing of our products, which could cause our gros s margin to decline.   
We rely on third- party vendors to supply software development tools to us for the development of our new products and w e may be unable to 
obtain the tools necessary to develop or enhance ne w or existing products.  
We rely on third- party software development tools to assist us in th e design, simulation and verification of new produc ts or product 
enhancements. To bring new products or product enha ncements to market in a timely manner, or at all, w e need software development tools that are 
sophisticated enough or technologically advanced en ough to complete our design, simulations and verifi cations.  In the past, we have experienced 
delays in the introduction of products as a result of the inability of then available software develop ment tools to fully simulate the complex features 
and functionalities of our products. In the future,  the design requirements necessary to meet consumer  demands for more features and greater 
functionality from our products may exceed the capa bilities of available software development tools.  Unavailability of software development tools 
may result in our missing design cycles or losing d esign wins, either of which could result in a loss of market share or negatively impact our 
operating results.  
Because of the importance of software development t ools to the development and enhancement of our prod ucts, a critical component of our 
product development efforts is our partnerships wit h leaders in the computer- aided design industry, including Cadence Design Sys tems, Inc. and 
Synopsys, Inc. We have invested significant resourc es to develop relationships with these industry lea ders and have often assisted them in the 
development of their new products. We believe that forming these relationships and utilizing next- generation development tools to design, simulate 
and verify our products will help us remain at the forefront of the 3D graphics, communications and ne tworking segments and develop products that 
utilize leading- edge technology on a rapid basis. If these relation ships are not successful, we may be unable to devel op new products or product 
enhancements in a timely manner, which could result  in a loss of market share, a decrease in revenue o r a negative impact on our operating results.  
If our products contain significant defects, our fi nancial results could be negatively impacted, our r eputation could be damaged and we could 
lose market share.  
Our products are complex and may contain defects or  experience failures due to any number of issues in  design, fabrication, packaging, 
materials and/or use within a system. If any of our  products or technologies contains a defect, compat ibility issue or other error, we may have to 
invest additional research and development efforts to find and correct the issue.  Such efforts could divert our engineers' attention from the 
development of new products and technologies and co uld increase our operating costs and reduce our gro ss margin. In addition, an error or defect in 
new products or releases or related software driver s after commencement of commercial shipments could result in failure to achieve market 
acceptance or loss of design wins. Also, we may be required to reimburse customers, including our cust omers' costs to repair or replace products in 
the field. A product recall or a significant number  of product returns could be expensive, could damag e our reputation, could result in the shifting of 
business to our competitors and could result in lit igation against us. Costs associated with correctin g defects, errors, bugs or other issues could be 
significant and could materially harm our financial  results.    
 
21  Table of Contents  
 
Our business is cyclical in nature and has experien ced severe downturns that have harmed, and may in t he future harm, our business and 
financial results.  
Our business is directly affected by market conditi ons in the highly cyclical semiconductor industry. The semiconductor industry has been 
adversely affected by many factors, including the g lobal downturn that started in the second half of 2 008, ongoing efforts by our customers to 
reduce their spending, diminished product demand, i ncreased inventory levels, lower average selling pr ices, uncertainty regarding long- term growth 
rates and underlying financial health and increased  competition. These factors could, among other thin gs, limit our ability to maintain or increase 
our sales or recognize revenue and in turn adversel y affect our business, operating results and financ ial condition.  If our actions to reduce our 
operating expenses to sufficiently offset these fac tors when they occur are unsuccessful, our operatin g results will suffer.  
We are subject to risks associated with internation al operations which may harm our business.  
We conduct our business worldwide and we have offic es in various countries outside of the United State s. Our semiconductor wafers are 
manufactured, assembled, tested and packaged by thi rd parties located outside of the United States and  other Americas. We generated 75% , 74% 
and 78% of our revenue for fiscal years 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively, from sales to customers out side the United States and other Americas. 
The manufacture, assembly, test and packaging of ou r products outside of the United States, operation of offices outside of the United States, and 
sales to customers internationally subjects us to a  number of risks, including:  
If sales to any of our customers outside of the Uni ted States and other Americas are delayed or cancel led because of any of the above factors, 
our revenue may be negatively impacted.  
Our international operations are subject to many of  the above listed risks. Difficulties with our inte rnational operations, including finding 
appropriate staffing and office space, may divert m anagement's attention and other resources, any of w hich could negatively impact our operating 
results.  
 
22  •  international economic and political conditions, su ch as political tensions between countries in which  we do business; 
•  unexpected changes in, or impositions of, legislati ve or regulatory requirements;   
•  complying with a variety of foreign laws; 
•  differing legal standards with respect to protectio n of intellectual property and employment practices ; 
•  local business and cultural factors that differ fro m our normal standards and practices, including bus iness practices that we are prohibited 
from engaging in by the Foreign Corrupt Practices A ct and other anticorruption laws and regulations;  
•  inadequate local infrastructure that could result i n business disruptions; 
•  exporting or importing issues related to export or import restrictions, tariffs, quotas and other trad e barriers and restrictions;  
•  financial risks such as longer payment cycles, diff iculty in collecting accounts receivable and fluctu ations in currency exchange rates; 
•  imposition of additional taxes and penalties; 
•  increased costs due to imposition of climate change  regulations, such as carbon taxes, fuel or energy taxes, and pollution limits; and 
•  other factors beyond our control such as terrorism,  cyber attack, civil unrest, war and diseases. Table of Contents  
 
Legal and regulatory requirements differ among juri sdictions worldwide. Violations of these laws and r egulations could result in fines; criminal 
sanctions against us, our officers, or our employee s; prohibitions on the conduct of our business; and  damage to our reputation. Although we have 
policies, controls, and procedures designed to ensu re compliance with foreign laws, many of these laws  and regulations are ambiguous and are often 
interpreted and enforced in unpredictable ways.  
The economic conditions in our primary overseas mar kets, particularly in Asia, may negatively impact t he demand for our products abroad. All 
of our international sales to date have been denomi nated in United States dollars. Accordingly, an inc rease in the value of the United States dollar 
relative to foreign currencies could make our produ cts less competitive in international markets or re quire us to assume the risk of denominating 
certain sales in foreign currencies. We anticipate that these factors will impact our business to a gr eater degree as we further expand our 
international business activities.  
Business disruptions could seriously harm our futur e revenue and financial condition and increase our costs and expenses.  
Our worldwide operations could be disrupted by eart hquakes, telecommunications failures, power or wate r shortages, tsunamis, floods, 
hurricanes, typhoons, fires, extreme weather condit ions, medical epidemics or pandemics and other natu ral or man- made disasters, catastrophic 
events or climate change. The occurrence of any of these business disruptions could result in signific ant losses, seriously harm our revenue and 
financial condition, adversely affect our competiti ve position, increase our costs and expenses, and r equire substantial expenditures and recovery 
time in order to fully resume operations. Our corpo rate headquarters, and a portion of our research an d development activities, are located in 
California, and other critical business operations and some of our suppliers are located in Asia, near  major earthquake faults known for seismic 
activity. In addition, a majority of our principal IT data centers are located in California, making o ur operations vulnerable to natural disasters or 
other business disruptions occurring in this geogra phical area. The manufacture of product components,  the final assembly of our products and 
other critical operations are concentrated in certa in geographic locations, including Taiwan, China an d Korea. Our operations could be adversely 
affected if manufacturing, logistics or other opera tions in these locations are disrupted for any reas on, including natural disasters, high heat events 
or water shortages, information technology system f ailures, military actions or economic, business, la bor, environmental, public health, regulatory 
or political issues. The ultimate impact on us, our  significant suppliers and our general infrastructu re of being located near major earthquake faults 
and being consolidated in certain geographical area s is unknown. However, in the event of a major eart hquake or other natural disaster or 
catastrophic event, our revenue, profitability and financial condition could suffer.  
Our investment portfolio may become impaired by det erioration of the capital markets.  
Our cash equivalent and marketable securities portf olio as of January 26, 2014 consisted of cash and c ash equivalents, commercial paper, 
mortgage-backed securities issued by government-spo nsored enterprises, asset- backed securities, money market funds and debt secu rities of 
corporations, municipalities and the United States government and its agencies. We follow an establish ed investment policy and set of guidelines, 
designed to preserve principal, minimize risk, and monitor and help mitigate our exposure to interest rate and credit risk.  The policy sets forth 
credit quality standards and limits our exposure to  any one issuer, as well as our maximum exposure to  various asset classes, and a variety of 
financial instruments, consisting principally of ca sh and cash equivalents, commercial paper, mortgage -backed securities issued by government-
sponsored enterprises, asset- backed securities, money market funds and debt secu rities of corporations, municipalities and the Unit ed 
States government and its agencies.  
Should financial market conditions worsen in the fu ture, investments in some financial instruments may  pose risks arising from market 
liquidity and credit concerns. In addition, any det erioration of the capital markets could cause our o ther income and expense to vary from 
expectations. As of January 26, 2014, we had no mat erial impairment charges associated with our short- term investment portfolio, and although we 
believe our current investment portfolio has very l ittle risk of material impairment, we cannot predic t future market conditions or market liquidity, 
or credit availability, and can provide no assuranc e that our investment portfolio will remain materia lly unimpaired.   
Risks Related to Regulatory, Legal, Our Common Stoc k and Other Matters  
Our common stock price has at times experienced sub stantial price volatility and, as a result, investo rs may suffer losses .  
Our stock has at times experienced substantial pric e volatility as a result of variations between our actual and anticipated financial results, 
announcements by us and our competitors, or uncerta inty about current global economic conditions. The stock market as a whole also has 
experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations t hat have affected the market price of many technolo gy companies in ways that may have been 
unrelated to these companies' operating performance .  
 
23  Table of Contents  
 
In the past, securities class action litigation has  often been brought against a company following per iods of volatility in the market price of its 
securities. Due to changes in the volatility of our  stock price, we have been in the past and may be i n the future the target of securities litigation. 
Such lawsuits generally result in the diversion of management's time and attention away from business operations, which could harm our business. 
In addition, the costs of defense and any damages r esulting from litigation, a ruling against us, or a  settlement of the litigation could adversely affec t 
our cash flow and financial results.   
We are subject to litigation which, if determined a dversely to us, could harm our business.  
 We are engaged in litigation with parties related to our acquisition of 3dfx in 2001. In addition, in  September, October and November 2008, 
several putative securities class action lawsuits w ere filed against us for alleged defects in our pre vious generation MCP and GPU products. Please 
refer to  Note 12 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part IV, Item 15 of this An nual Report on Form 10- K for further details 
on these lawsuits.  
There can be no assurance that any litigation to wh ich we are a party will be resolved in our favor. A ny claim that is successfully decided 
against us may cause us to pay substantial damages,  including punitive damages, and other related fees  or prevent us from selling or importing 
certain of our products. Regardless of whether laws uits are resolved in our favor or if we are the pla intiff or the defendant in the litigation, any 
lawsuits to which we are a party will likely be exp ensive and time consuming to defend or resolve. Suc h lawsuits could result in the diversion of 
management's time and attention away from business operations, which could harm our business. Such law suits could also harm our relationships 
with existing customers and result in the diversion  of management's time and attention away from busin ess operations, which could harm our 
business. Costs of defense and any damages resultin g from litigation, a ruling against us, or a settle ment of the litigation could adversely affect our 
cash flow and financial results.  
Actions to adequately protect our intellectual prop erty rights, such as litigation to defend against a lleged infringement of intellectual property 
rights or to enforce our intellectual property righ ts, could result in substantial costs to us and our  ability to compete could be harmed if we fail 
to take such actions or are unsuccessful in doing s o.  
We rely primarily on a combination of patents, trad emarks, trade secrets, employee and third- party nondisclosure agreements, and licensing 
arrangements to protect our intellectual property i n the United States and internationally. We have nu merous patents issued, allowed and pending in 
the United States and in foreign jurisdictions. Our  patents and pending patent applications primarily relate to our products and the technology used 
in connection with our products. We also rely on in ternational treaties, organizations and foreign law s to protect our intellectual property. The laws 
of certain foreign countries in which our products are or may be manufactured or sold, including vario us countries in Asia, may not protect our 
products or intellectual property rights to the sam e extent as the laws of the United States. This mak es the possibility of piracy of our technology 
and products more likely. We continuously assess wh ether and where to seek formal protection for parti cular innovations and technologies based on 
such factors as:   
Our pending patent applications and any future appl ications may not be approved. In addition, any issu ed patents may not provide us with 
competitive advantages or may be challenged, invali dated, infringed, circumvented or misappropriated b y third parties. We expect that as the 
number of issued hardware and software patents incr eases and as competition intensifies, the volume of  intellectual property infringement claims 
and lawsuits may increase. We may in the future bec ome involved in lawsuits or other legal proceedings  alleging patent infringement or other 
intellectual property rights violations by us or pa rties that we have agreed to indemnify for certain claims of infringement. Third parties may also 
claim that our employees have misappropriated or di vulged their former employers’ trade secrets or con fidential information.  
An unfavorable ruling in any such intellectual prop erty related litigation could include significant d amages, invalidation of a patent or family of 
patents, indemnification of customers, payment of l ost profits, or, when it has been sought, injunctiv e relief.  
 
24  •  the commercial significance of our operations and o ur competitors' operations in particular countries and regions; 
•  the location in which our products are manufactured ; 
•  our strategic technology or product directions in d ifferent countries; and 
•  the degree to which intellectual property laws exis t and are meaningfully enforced in different jurisd ictions. Table of Contents  
 
In addition, in the future, we may need to commence  litigation or other legal proceedings in order to:    
If we have to initiate litigation in order to prote ct our intellectual property, our operating expense s may increase which could negatively impact 
our operating results. Our failure to effectively p rotect our intellectual property could harm our bus iness.  
If infringement claims are made against us or our p roducts are found to infringe a third parties' pate nt or intellectual property, we or one of our 
indemnitees may have to seek a license to the third  parties' patent or other intellectual property rig hts. However, we may not be able to obtain 
licenses at all or on terms acceptable to us partic ularly from our competitors. If we or one of our in demnitees is unable to obtain a license from a 
third party for technology that we use or that is u sed in one of our products, we could be subject to substantial liabilities or have to suspend or 
discontinue the manufacture and sale of one or more  of our products.  We may also have to make royalty  or other payments, or cross license our 
technology. If these arrangements are not concluded  on commercially reasonable terms, our business cou ld be negatively impacted. Furthermore, 
the indemnification of a customer or other indemnit ee may increase our operating expenses which could negatively impact our operating results.  
Changes in United States tax legislation regarding our foreign earnings could adversely impact our bus iness.  
Currently, a majority of our revenue is generated f rom customers located outside the United States, an d a significant portion of our assets, 
including employees, are located outside the United  States.  United States income taxes and foreign wi thholding taxes have not been provided on 
undistributed earnings for certain non- United States subsidiaries, because such earnings a re intended to be indefinitely reinvested in the op erations 
of those subsidiaries.  Throughout the period of Pr esident Obama's administration, the White House has  proposed various international tax 
measures, some of which, if enacted into law, would  substantially reduce our ability to defer United S tates taxes on such indefinitely reinvested 
non-United States earnings, eliminate certain tax deduc tions until foreign earnings are repatriated to the  United States and/or otherwise cause the 
total tax cost of U.S. multinational corporations t o increase. If these or similar proposals are const ituted into legislation in the current or future ye ar 
(s), they could have a negative impact on our finan cial position and results of operations.  
Our operating results may be adversely affected if we are subject to unexpected tax liabilities.  
We are subject to taxation by a number of taxing au thorities both in the United States and throughout the world. Tax rates vary among the 
jurisdictions in which we operate. Significant judg ment is required in determining our provision for o ur income taxes as there are many transactions 
and calculations where the ultimate tax determinati on is uncertain. Although we believe our tax estima tes are reasonable, any of the below could 
cause our effective tax rate to be materially diffe rent than that which is reflected in historical inc ome tax provisions and accruals:  
 
25  •  assert claims of infringement of our intellectual p roperty; 
•  enforce our patents; 
•  protect our trade secrets or know- how; or 
•  determine the enforceability, scope and validity of  the propriety rights of others. 
•  the jurisdictions in which profits are determined t o be earned and taxed; 
•  adjustments to estimated taxes upon finalization of  various tax returns; 
•  changes in available tax credits; 
•  changes in stock- based compensation expense; 
•  changes in tax laws, the interpretation of tax laws  either in the United States or abroad or the issua nce of  new interpretative accounting 
guidance related to transactions and calculations w here the tax  treatment was previously uncertain; a nd  
•  the resolution of issues arising from tax audits wi th various tax authorities.   Table of Contents  
 
Should additional taxes be assessed as a result of any of the above, our operating results could be ad versely affected. In addition, our future 
effective tax rate could be adversely affected by c hanges in the mix of earnings in countries with dif fering statutory tax rates, changes in tax laws or 
changes in the interpretation of tax laws.  
We are subject to the risks of owning real property .  
During fiscal year 2009, we purchased real property  in Santa Clara, California that includes approximately 36 acres of land and twelve 
commercial buildings and eventually expect to break ground on a new buil ding for a corporate headquarters campus in Santa C lara. We also own 
real property in India. We have limited experience in the ownership and management of real property an d are subject to the risks of owning real 
property, including:  
Expensing employee equity compensation adversely af fects our operating results and could also adversel y affect our competitive position.  
Since inception, we have used equity through our eq uity incentive plans and our employee stock purchas e program as a fundamental 
component of our compensation packages. We believe that these programs directly motivate our employees  and, through the use of vesting, 
encourage our employees to remain with us.   
We record compensation expense for stock options, r estricted stock units and our employee stock purcha se plan using the fair value of those 
awards in accordance with U.S. GAAP. Stock-based co mpensation expense was $136.3 million , $136.7 million and $136.4 million for fiscal year s 
2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively, related to on-go ing vesting of equity awards, which negatively impa cted our operating results.  
To the extent that expensing employee equity compen sation makes it more expensive to grant stock optio ns and restricted stock units or to 
continue to have an employee stock purchase program , we may decide to incur increased cash compensatio n costs. In addition, actions that we may 
take to reduce stock- based compensation expense that may be more severe than any actions our competitors may implement and may make it 
difficult to attract retain and motivate employees,  which could adversely affect our competitive posit ion as well as our business and operating 
results.  
 
26  •  the possibility of environmental contamination and the costs associated with mitigating any environmen tal problems; 
•  adverse changes in the value of these properties, d ue to interest rate changes, changes in the market in which the property is located, or 
other factors;  
•  the risk of loss if we decide to sell and are not a ble to recover all capitalized costs; 
•  increased cash commitments for the planned construc tion of our Santa Clara campus; 
•  the possible need for structural improvements in or der to comply with zoning, seismic and other legal or regulatory requirements; 
•  increased operating expenses for the buildings or t he property or both; 
•  possible disputes with third parties, such as neigh boring owners or others, related to the buildings o r the  property or both; and 
•  the risk of financial loss in excess of amounts cov ered by insurance, or uninsured risks, such as the loss caused by damage to the buildings 
as a result of earthquakes, floods and or other nat ural disasters.  Table of Contents  
 
We have a substantial amount of indebtedness which could adversely affect our financial position and p revent us from implementing our 
strategy or fulfilling our contractual obligations .  
In December 2013, we issued $1.5 billion of 1.00% C onvertible Senior Notes due 2018, or 1.00% Notes. O ur substantial indebtedness may:  
The exercise of warrants issued to Goldman, Sachs &  Co., or Goldman, concurrently with our 1.00% Notes  would, and the conversion of 
our 1.00% Notes could, dilute the ownership interes t of our existing stockholders .  
The warrants issued concurrently with our 1.00% Not es shall be deemed to     be automatically exercise d on certain dates between March 2019 
and June 2019, unless Goldman notifies us otherwise . Any issuance by us of additional shares to Goldma n upon exercise of the warrants will dilute 
the ownership interests of our existing stockholder s. Moreover, the conversion of our 1.00% Notes may dilute the ownership interests of our 
existing stockholders and could have a dilutive eff ect on our earnings per share to the extent that th e price of our common stock exceeds the 
conversion price of the 1.00% Notes. Any sales in t he public market by Goldman of our common stock upo n exercise of the warrants or sales in the 
public market of our common stock issuable upon con version of the 1.00% Notes could adversely affect p revailing market prices of our common 
stock.  
Our failure to comply with any applicable environme ntal regulations could result in a range of consequ ences, including fines, suspension of 
production, excess inventory, sales limitations, an d criminal and civil liabilities.  
We are subject to various state, federal and intern ational laws and regulations governing the environm ent, including restricting the presence of 
certain substances in electronic products and makin g producers of those products financially responsib le for the collection, treatment, recycling and 
disposal of those products.  Although our managemen t systems are designed to maintain compliance, we c annot assure you that we have been or 
will be at all times in complete compliance with su ch laws and regulations. If we violate or fail to c omply with any of them, a range of 
consequences could result, including fines, import/ export restrictions, sales limitations, criminal an d civil liabilities or other sanctions. We could 
also be held liable for any and all consequences ar ising out of exposure to hazardous materials used, stored, released, disposed of by us or located 
at, under or emanating from our facilities or other  environmental or natural resource damage.  
Environmental laws are complex, change frequently a nd have tended to become more stringent over time. For example, the European Union 
and China are two among a growing number of jurisdi ctions that have enacted in recent years restrictio ns on the use of lead, among other 
chemicals, in electronic products. These regulation s affect semiconductor packaging. There is a risk t hat the cost, quality and manufacturing yields 
of lead-free products may be less favorable compare d to lead-based products or that the transition to lead-free products may produce sudden 
changes in demand, which may result in excess inven tory.  
 
27  •  limit our ability to use our cash flow or borrow ad ditional funds for working capital, capital expendi tures, acquisitions and general 
corporate and other purposes;    
•  make it difficult for us to satisfy our financial o bligations; 
•  place us at a competitive disadvantage compared to our less leveraged competitors; and 
•  increase our vulnerability to the impact of adverse  economic and industry conditions. Table of Contents  
 
There is also a movement to improve the transparenc y and accountability concerning the supply of miner als coming from the areas of conflict. 
Recent U.S. legislation includes SEC disclosure req uirements regarding the use of “conflict” minerals mined from the Democratic Republic of 
Congo and adjoining countries, for which the first report is due on May 31, 2014 for the 2013 calendar  year. The implementation of these 
requirements could affect the sourcing and availabi lity of minerals used in the manufacture of semicon ductor devices. As a result, there may only be 
a limited pool of suppliers who provide conflict- free metals, and we cannot assure you that we will be able to obtain products in sufficient quantities  
or at competitive prices. Furthermore, we may incur  additional costs associated with complying with th ese disclosure requirements, including costs 
related to determining the source of any “conflict”  minerals in our products. Also, because our supply chain is complex, we may be unable to 
sufficiently verify the origins for all metals used  in our products, resulting in reputational challen ges with our customers and stockholders. Some 
customers may require that all of our products are certified to be conflict- free; if we cannot satisfy these customers, they ma y choose a competitor's 
products. Although we expect to be able to file the  required report on time, we are dependent upon the  information provided by our many suppliers. 
To the extent that the information we receive from our suppliers is inaccurate or inadequate or our pr ocesses in obtaining such information do not 
fulfill the SEC’s diligence requirements, we could also face SEC enforcement risks.  
Future environmental legal requirements may become more stringent or costly and our compliance costs a nd potential liabilities arising from 
past and future releases of, or exposure to, hazard ous substances may harm our business and our reputa tion.  
While we believe that we have adequate internal con trol over financial reporting, if we or our indepen dent registered public accounting firm 
determines that we do not, our reputation may be ad versely affected and our stock price may decline.  
Section 404 of the Sarbanes- Oxley Act of 2002, or Section 404, requires our man agement to report on, and our independent registere d public 
accounting firm to audit, the effectiveness of our internal control structure and procedures for finan cial reporting. We have an ongoing program to 
perform the system and process evaluation and testi ng necessary to comply with these requirements. How ever, the manner in which companies and 
their independent public accounting firms apply the se requirements and test companies' internal contro ls remains subject to some judgment. To 
date, we have incurred, and we expect to continue t o incur, increased expense and to devote additional  management resources to Section 404 
compliance. Despite our efforts, if we identify a m aterial weakness in our internal controls, there ca n be no assurance that we will be able to 
remediate that material weakness in a timely manner , or that we will be able to maintain all of the co ntrols necessary to determine that our internal 
control over financial reporting is effective. In t he event that our chief executive officer, our chie f financial officer or our independent registered 
public accounting firm determine that our internal control over financial reporting is not effective a s defined under Section 404, investor 
perceptions of us may be adversely affected and cou ld cause a decline in the market price of our stock .  
Changes in financial accounting standards or interp retations of existing standards could affect our re ported results of operations.  
We prepare our consolidated financial statements in  conformity with U.S. GAAP.  These principles are c onstantly subject to review and 
interpretation by the SEC and various bodies formed  to interpret and create appropriate accounting pri nciples. A change in these principles, or the 
interpretation of them, can have a significant effe ct on our reported results and may even retroactive ly affect previously reported 
transactions.  Additionally, changes in existing ac counting rules, such as the possible upcoming chang es to revenue recognition and lease 
accounting standards, or changes in practices, such  as changes to auditing standards promulgated by th e Public Company Accounting Oversight 
Board, could have a significant adverse effect on o ur results of operations or the manner in which we conduct our business.  
Delaware law and provisions in our certificate of i ncorporation, our bylaws and our agreement with Mic rosoft Corporation could delay or 
prevent a change in control.   
Our status as a Delaware corporation and the anti- takeover provisions of the Delaware General Corpora tion Law may discourage, delay, or 
prevent a change in control by prohibiting us from engaging in a business combination with an interest ed stockholder for a period of three years 
after the person becomes an interested stockholder,  even if a change of control would be beneficial to  our existing stockholders. In addition, our 
certificate of incorporation and bylaws contain pro visions that could make it more difficult for a thi rd party to acquire a majority of our outstanding 
voting stock. These provisions include the followin g:  
 
28  •  the ability of our Board of Directors to create and  issue preferred stock without prior stockholder ap proval; 
•  the prohibition of stockholder action by written co nsent; Table of Contents  
 
On March 5, 2000, we entered into an agreement with  Microsoft in which we agreed to develop and sell g raphics chips and to license certain 
technology to Microsoft and its licensees for use i n the Xbox. Under the agreement, if an individual o r corporation makes an offer to purchase 
shares equal to or greater than 30% of the outstand ing shares of our common stock, Microsoft may have first and last rights of refusal to purchase 
the stock. The Microsoft provision and the other fa ctors listed above could also delay or prevent a ch ange in control of NVIDIA. These provisions 
could also discourage proxy contests and make it mo re difficult for stockholders to elect directors of  their choosing and to cause us to take other 
corporate actions they desire.  
ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS  
   
Not applicable.  
   
ITEM 2. PROPERTIES  
 
Our headquarters complex is located in Santa Clara,  California. Our corporate campus is comprised of l eased facilities with eight commercial 
buildings totaling 887,993 square feet. In addition , we also lease data center space in Santa Clara.    
Outside of Santa Clara, we lease space in Austin, T exas and a number of regional facilities in other U .S. locations, which are used as research 
and development centers and/or sales and administra tive offices. Outside of the United States, we own a building in Hyderabad, India, which is 
being used primarily as a research and development center. We also lease space in various internationa l locations as research and development 
centers and/or sales and administrative offices pri marily in Asia Pacific regions and Europe.  
We own real property in Santa Clara, California tha t includes approximately 36 acres of land and twelv e commercial buildings . We expect to 
eventually build a new building for a corporate hea dquarters campus on this property. However, we rece ntly leased and occupied an office building 
within the boundaries of our main Santa Clara campu s that has balanced the workspace needs for our San ta Clara staff. As such, we now have the 
opportunity to delay the start of the new campus bu ilding and refine our design to further optimize fo r functionality and cost.  
We believe that we currently have sufficient facili ties to conduct our operations for the next twelve months. For additional information 
regarding obligations under leases, see  Note 12 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statemen ts in Part IV, Item 15 of this Annual Report on 
Form 10-K under the subheading “Lease Obligations,”  which information is hereby incorporated by refere nce.  
 
29  •  a classified Board of Directors, which will become fully declassified from and after our 2014 Annual M eeting of Stockholders; 
•  advance notice requirements for director nomination s and stockholder proposals; 
•  the ability of our Board of Directors to increase o r decrease the number of directors without stockhol der approval; 
•  a super- majority voting requirement to amend some provision s in our certificate of incorporation and bylaws; 
•  the elimination of the ability of our stockholders to call special meetings of stockholders; and 
•  the ability of our Board of Directors to make, amen d or repeal our bylaws. Table of Contents  
 
 
ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS  
   
3dfx  
On December 15, 2000, NVIDIA and one of our indirec t subsidiaries entered into an Asset Purchase Agree ment, to purchase certain graphics 
chip assets from 3dfx.  The transaction closed on A pril 18, 2001.  That acquisition, and 3dfx's Octobe r 2002 bankruptcy filing, led to four lawsuits 
against NVIDIA: two brought by 3dfx's former landlo rds, one by 3dfx's bankruptcy trustee and the fourt h by a committee of 3dfx's equity security 
holders in the bankruptcy estate.  The two landlord  cases have been settled with payments from the lan dlords to NVIDIA, and the equity security 
holders' lawsuit was dismissed with prejudice and n o appeal was filed.  Accordingly, only the bankrupt cy trustee suit remains outstanding. Please 
refer to  Note 12 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part IV, Item 15 of this An nual Report on Form 10- K for further 
discussion regarding this litigation.  
Securities Cases  
In September 2008, three putative securities class actions, were filed in the United States District C ourt for the Northern District of California 
arising out of our announcements on July 2, 2008, t hat we would take a charge against cost of revenue to cover anticipated costs and expenses 
arising from a weak die/packaging material set in c ertain versions of our previous generation MCP and GPU products and that we were revising 
financial guidance for our second quarter of fiscal  year 2009. Please refer to  Note 12 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statemen ts in Part 
IV, Item 15 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for further discussion regarding this litigation.  
Accounting for Loss Contingencies  
While there can be no assurance of favorable outcom es, we believe the claims made by other parties in the above ongoing matters are without 
merit and we intend to vigorously defend the action s. With the exception of the 3dfx case, we have not  recorded any accrual for contingent 
liabilities associated with the legal proceedings d escribed above based on our belief that liabilities , while possible, are not probable. Further, any 
possible range of loss in these matters cannot be r easonably estimated at this time. We are engaged in  other legal actions not described above 
arising in the ordinary course of its business and,  while there can be no assurance of favorable outco mes, we believe that the ultimate outcome of 
these actions will not have a material adverse effe ct on our operating results, liquidity or financial  position.  
ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES  
 
Not Applicable.  
 
30  Table of Contents  
 
PART II  
 
 
ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT’ S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND IS SUER PURCHASES 
OF EQUITY SECURITIES  
   
Our common stock is traded on the NASDAQ Global Sel ect Market under the symbol NVDA. Public trading of  our common stock began on 
January 22, 1999. Prior to that, there was no publi c market for our common stock. As of March 7, 2014,  we had approximately 381 registered 
stockholders, not including those shares held in st reet or nominee name. The following table sets fort h for the periods indicated the high and low 
sales price for our common stock as quoted on the N ASDAQ Global Select Market:  
 
Dividend Policy    
Prior to fiscal year 2013, we had never declared or  paid any dividend on shares of our common stock. O n November 8, 2012, we announced the 
initiation of a quarterly cash dividend program. Th is initial quarterly dividend of $0.075 per share w as equivalent to $0.30 per share on an annual 
basis. On November 7, 2013, we increased our quarte rly cash dividend by 13% to $0.085 per share which was equivalent to $0.34 per share on an 
annual basis. A subsequent cash dividend of $0.085 per share was declared on February 12, 2014, payabl e on March 20, 2014 to all common 
stockholders of record at the close of business on February 27, 2014. In fiscal year 2014 and fiscal y ear 2013, we paid $181.3 million and $46.9 
million , respectively, in cash dividends to our co mmon stockholders.  
Our cash dividend program and the payment of future  cash dividends under that program are subject to c ontinued capital availability and our 
Board of Directors' continuing determination that t he dividend program and the declaration of dividend s thereunder are in the best interests of our 
stockholders and are in compliance with all laws an d agreements of NVIDIA applicable to the declaratio n and payment of cash dividends. In fiscal 
year 2014, based upon our earnings and profits, 85%  of our dividend payments were considered qualified  dividends and 15% of our dividend 
payments were considered to be a return of capital for U.S. federal income tax purposes.  We expect th at a portion of our dividend payments in 
fiscal year 2015 may also be considered a return of  capital for U.S. federal income tax purposes.  
Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities  
Beginning August 2004, our Board of Directors autho rized us, subject to certain specifications, to rep urchase shares of our common stock. 
Most recently, in November 2013, the Board extended  the previously authorized repurchase program throu gh January 2016 and authorized an 
additional $1.0 billion for an aggregate of $3.7 bi llion under the repurchase program. Through January  26, 2014, we have repurchased an aggregate 
of 161.2 million shares under our stock repurchase program for a total cost of $2.45 billion.  As of J anuary 26, 2014, we are authorized, subject to 
certain specifications, to repurchase shares of our  common stock up to $1.25 billion through January 2 016. In November 2013, we announced the 
intention to return $1.0 billion to shareholders in  fiscal year 2015 in the form of share repurchases and cash dividends.  
 
31     High    Low  
Fiscal year ending January 25, 2015          
First Quarter (through March 7, 2014)  $ 19.05    $ 15.32  
Fiscal year ended January 26, 2014          
Fourth Quarter  $ 16.44    $ 14.52  
Third Quarter  $ 16.10    $ 13.11  
Second Quarter  $ 15.48    $ 13.37  
First Quarter  $ 13.50    $ 12.04  
Fiscal year ended January 27, 2013          
Fourth Quarter  $ 13.19    $ 11.15  
Third Quarter  $ 15.22    $ 11.83  
Second Quarter  $ 13.90    $ 11.63  
First Quarter  $ 16.90    $ 12.75  Table of Contents  
 
The repurchases will be made from time to time in t he open market, in privately negotiated transaction s, or in structured stock repurchase 
programs, and may be made in one or more larger rep urchases, in compliance with Rule 10b- 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as 
amended, or the Exchange Act, subject to market con ditions, applicable legal requirements, and other f actors. The program does not obligate 
NVIDIA to acquire any particular amount of common s tock and the program may be suspended at any time a t our discretion. As part of our share 
repurchase program, we have entered into, and we ma y continue to enter into, structured share repurcha se transactions with financial institutions. 
These agreements generally require that we make an up-front payment in exchange for the right to receive a fixed number of shares of our common 
stock upon execution of the agreement, and a potent ial incremental number of shares of our common stoc k, within a pre- determined range, at the 
end of the term of the agreement.  
The following table presents details of our share r epurchase transactions during the three months ende d January 26, 2014 (in millions, except 
per share amounts):  
As part of the repurchase program, during February 2014, we entered into an accelerated share repurcha se agreement, or ASR, with an 
investment bank, under which we prepaid $500.0 mill ion to purchase shares of our common stock.  In Feb ruary 2014, the investment bank 
delivered 20.6 million shares to us. We expect to r eceive additional shares at the time of settlement of the ASR in the second quarter of fiscal year 
2015. The price we will ultimately pay per share wi ll be no more than the volume- weighted average price of our common stock over the  period of 
the ASR.  
In addition to our share repurchase program, we wit hhold common stock shares associated with net share  settlements to cover tax withholding 
obligations upon the vesting of restricted stock un it, or RSU, awards under our equity incentive progr am.  During fiscal year 2014, we withheld 
approximately 1.9 million shares at a total cost of  $27.3 million through net share settlements.  Plea se refer to Note 2 of the Notes to the 
Consolidated Financial Statements in Part IV, Item 15 of this Form 10-K for further discussion regardi ng our equity incentive plans.  
 
32  Period     Total Number of 
Shares Purchased     Average Price Paid 
per Share     Total Number of Shares 
Purchased as Part of 
Publicly Announced Plans 
or Programs     Approximate Dollar Value 
of Shares that May Yet Be 
Purchased Under the 
Plans or Programs  
October 28, 2013 - 
November 24, 2013     1.5     $15.86     1.5     $1,262.7  
November 25, 2013 - 
December 22, 2013     0.9     $15.51     0.9     $1,248.4  
December 23, 2013 - 
January 26, 2014     —     —     —     $1,248.4  
Total     2.4     $15.72     2.4        Table of Contents  
 
Stock Performance Graphs    
The following graph compares the cumulative total s tockholder return for our common stock, the S&P 500  Index and the S&P Semiconductors 
Index for the five years ended January 26, 2014 . The graph assumes that $100 was invested on Janua ry 25, 2009 in our common stock or on 
January 31, 2009 in each of the S&P 500 Index and t he S & P Semiconductors Index. Total return assumes  reinvestment of dividends in each of the 
indices indicated. Our results are calculated on a fiscal year- end basis and each of the S&P 500 Index and the S&P  Semiconductors Index are 
calculated on a month-end basis. Total return is ba sed on historical results and is not intended to in dicate future performance.  
  
 
*$100 invested on 1/25/09 in stock or 1/31/09 in in dex, including reinvestment of dividends. Indexes c alculated on month-end basis.  
Copyright© 2014 S&P, a division of The McGraw-Hill Companies Inc. All rights reserved.  
 
 
33  
   1/25/2009      1/31/2010      1/30/2011      1/29/2012      1/27/2013  1/26/2014  
NVIDIA Corporation  $  100.00    $  199.61    $  308.17    $  193.39    $  162.01    $  204.89    
S&P 500  $  100.00    $  133.14    $  162.67    $  169.54    $  197.98    $  240.58    
S&P Semiconductors  $  100.00    $  156.98    $  204.86    $  217.83    $  195.89    $  251.73    Table of Contents  
 
The following graph compares the cumulative total s tockholder return for our common stock, the S&P 500  Index and the S&P Semiconductors 
Index for the ten years ended January 26, 2014 . The graph assumes that $100 was invested on Janua ry 25, 2004 in our common stock or on January 
31, 2004 in each of the S&P 500 Index and the S&P S emiconductors Index. Total return assumes reinvestm ent of dividends in each of the indices 
indicated. Our results are calculated on a fiscal y ear-end basis and each of the S&P 500 Index and the S&P  Semiconductors Index are calculated on 
a month-end basis. Total return is based on histori cal results and is not intended to indicate future performance.   
       
  
 
*$100 invested on 1/25/04 in stock or 1/31/04 index , including reinvestment of dividends. Indexes calc ulated on month-end basis.  
Copyright© 2014 S&P, a division of The McGraw-Hill Companies Inc. All rights reserved.  
 
 
34  
   1/25/2004    1/30/2005    1/29/2006    1/28/2007    1/27/2008    1/25/2009    1/31/2010    1/30/2011    1/29/2012    1/27/2013    1/26/2014  
NVIDIA Corporation  $ 100.00    $ 99.09    $ 200.30    $ 272.59    $ 324.17    $ 100.17    $ 199.96    $ 308.71    $ 193.72    $ 162.29    $ 205.25  
S&P 500  $ 100.00    $ 106.23    $ 117.26    $ 134.28    $ 131.17    $ 80.50    $ 107.18    $ 130.96    $ 136.48    $ 159.38    $ 193.68  
S&P Semiconductors  $ 100.00    $ 75.16    $ 86.90    $ 81.82    $ 76.25    $ 45.71    $ 71.75    $ 93.64    $ 99.56    $ 89.54    $ 115.06  Table of Contents  
 
 
ITEM 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA    
The following selected financial data should be rea d in conjunction with our financial statements and the notes thereto, and with Item 7, 
“Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.” The consolidated statements of operations data for the 
fiscal years ended January 26, 2014 , January 27, 2 013 and January 29, 2012 and the consolidated balan ce sheet data as of January 26, 2014 and 
January 27, 2013 have been derived from and should be read in conjun ction with our audited consolidated financial state ments and the notes thereto 
included in Part IV, Item 15 in this Annual Report on Form 10-K.  We operate on a 52- or 53- week year, ending on the last Sunday in 
January.  Fiscal years 2014, 2013, 2012 and 2011 we re 52-week years, while fiscal year 2010 was a 53-w eek year.  
  
   
 
35     Year Ended  
   January 26,  
2014    January 27,  
2013    January 29,  
2012    January 30,  
2011 (A,B)    January 31,  
2010 (A,C)  
   (In thousands, except per share data)  
Consolidated Statement of Operations Data:                         
Revenue  $ 4,130,162    $ 4,280,159    $ 3,997,930    $ 3,543,309    $ 3,326,445  
Income (loss) from operations  $ 496,227    $ 648,239    $ 648,299    $ 255,747    $ (98,945 ) 
Net income (loss)  $ 439,990    $ 562,536    $ 581,090    $ 253,146    $ (67,987 ) 
Basic net income (loss) per share  $ 0.75    $ 0.91    $ 0.96    $ 0.44    $ (0.12 ) 
Diluted net income (loss) per share  $ 0.74    $ 0.90    $ 0.94    $ 0.43    $ (0.12 ) 
Shares used in basic per share computation  587,893    619,324    603,646    575,177    549,574  
Shares used in diluted per share computation  594,517    624,957    616,371    588,684    549,574  
   Year Ended  
   January 26,  
2014 (D,E)    January 27,  
2013 (D)    January 29,  
2012 (F)    January 30,  
2011    January 31,  
2010  
   (In thousands, except per share data)  
Consolidated Balance Sheet Data:                         
Cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities  $ 4,671,810    $ 3,727,883    $ 3,129,576    $ 2,490,563    $ 1,728,227  
Total assets  $ 7,250,894    $ 6,412,245    $ 5,552,928    $ 4,495,246    $ 3,585,918  
Long-term debt  $ 1,356,375    $ —   $ —   $ —   $ — 
Capital lease obligations, less current portion  $ 17,500    $ 18,998    $ 21,439    $ 23,389    $ 24,450  
Total stockholders’ equity  $ 4,456,398    $ 4,827,703    $ 4,145,724    $ 3,181,462    $ 2,665,140  
Cash dividends declared and paid per common share  $ 0.310    $ 0.075    $ —   $ —   $ — 
(A)  We recorded a net warranty charge of $193.9 million  and $94.0 million during fiscal years 2011 and 201 0, respectively, towards the repair and 
replacement of products arising from a weak die/pac kaging material set used in certain versions of our  previous generation MCP and GPU 
products.  
(B)  In fiscal year 2011, we entered into a six- year cross licensing agreement with Intel and also mutually agreed to settle all outstanding legal 
disputes.  We valued the settlement portion at $57. 0 million, which was recorded within income from op erations in fiscal year 2011.  
(C)  Fiscal year 2010 includes impact of charge for a te nder offer to purchase an aggregate of 28.5 million  outstanding stock options for a total cash 
payment of $78.1 million. As a result of the tender  offer, we incurred a charge of $140.2 million, con sisting of the remaining unamortized 
stock-based compensation expenses associated with t he unvested portion of the options tendered in the offer, stock- based compensation 
expense resulting from amounts paid in excess of th e fair value of the underlying options, plus associ ated payroll taxes and professional fees.  Table of Contents  
 
   
ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FIN ANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS    
The following discussion and analysis of our financ ial condition and results of operations should be r ead in conjunction with “ Item 1A. Risk 
Factors”, “Item 6. Selected Financial Data”, our Consolidated Financial Statements and related N otes thereto, as well as other cautionary statement s 
and risks described elsewhere in this Annual Report  on Form 10-K, before deciding to purchase, hold or  sell shares of our common stock.    
Overview  
Our Company  
NVIDIA is a visual computing company. In a world in creasingly filled with visual displays, our graphic s technologies let our customers 
interact with the world of digital ideas, informati on and entertainment with an efficiency that no oth er communication medium can match.  
Our strategy is to be the world leader in visual co mputing. We target applications in each of the majo r computing platforms - PC, cloud, mobile 
- where we can create value. Our target markets are g aming, design and visualization, high performance c omputing, or HPC, and data center, and 
automotive and smart devices. We deploy business mo dels we believe are best suited for each applicatio n, whether IP, chips, systems, or NVIDIA-
branded devices and services.  
We have long been known for bringing video games to  life with our PC graphics chips. With our inventio n of the GPU, we introduced the 
world to the power of programmable shading, which d efines modern computer graphics. Today, we reach we ll beyond PC graphics and games. Our 
energy-efficient processors are at the heart of products r anging from smartphones to automobiles to supercomp uters. We believe in leveraging our 
processors and visual computing expertise to create  differentiated products.  
PC gamers choose our GPUs to enjoy immersive fantas y worlds. Our Tegra system-on-a- chip, or SOC, processors power smartphones, tablets  
and automobile infotainment systems. Professional d esigners use our GPUs to create visual effects in m ovies and design everything from audio 
headsets to commercial aircraft. Supercomputers tak e advantage of the massively parallel processing ca pabilities of our GPUs to accelerate a wide 
range of important applications, from simulations o f viruses to weather forecasting and global oil exp loration.  
NVIDIA's research and development in visual computi ng has yielded approximately 7,000 patent assets, i ncluding inventions essential to 
modern computing.  
Our businesses are based on two technologies with a  consistent underlying graphics architecture: the G PU and the Tegra processor.  
GPUs, each with billions of transistors, are the en gines of visual computing and among the world's mos t complex processors. We have GPU 
product brands aimed at specific users and applicat ions: GeForce for gamers; Quadro for designers; Tes la for researchers; and GRID for cloud-
based graphics.  
 
 
36  (D)  On November 8, 2012, we initiated a quarterly divid end payment of 7.5 cents per share, or 30 cents on an annual basis. On November 7, 2013, 
we increased the quarterly cash dividend to 8.5 cen ts per share, or 34 cents on an annual basis.  
(E)  On December 2, 2013, we issued $1.5 billion ag gregate principal amount of 1.00% Convertible Senior Notes due 2018. 
(F)  On June 10, 2011, we completed the acquisition of I cera, Inc. for total cash consideration of $352.2 m illion, and recorded goodwill of $271.2 
million.  
•  In gaming, GPUs enhance the gaming experience on PC s by improving the visual quality of graphics, incr easing the frame rate for 
smoother gameplay and improving realism by replicat ing the behavior of light and physical objects.  Table of Contents  
 
The Tegra processor is a SOC integrating an entire computer on a single chip. Tegra processors incorpo rate GPUs and multi- core CPUs 
together with audio, video and input/output capabil ities. They can also be integrated with baseband pr ocessors to add voice and data 
communication. Our Tegra SOC conserves power while delivering state-of-the-art graphics and multimedia  processing.  
Tegra runs devices like smartphones, tablets and PC s; it can also be embedded into smart devices, such  as televisions, monitors, set- top boxes, 
gaming devices and cars. SHIELD, our Android gaming  device based on Tegra, contains proprietary NVIDIA -developed software and system 
technologies and leverages our deep partnerships wi th game developers.  
Headquartered in Santa Clara, California, we were i ncorporated in California in April 1993 and reincor porated in Delaware in April 1998.  
Our Businesses  
We have two reporting segments - GPU and Tegra Proc essor - that leverage a single, unified architecture. Our G PU business leverages our 
GPU technology across multiple end markets. It comp rises four primary product lines: GeForce for deskt op and notebook PCs; Quadro for 
professional workstations; Tesla for high- performance servers and workstations; and NVIDIA GR ID for server graphics solutions. It also includes 
other related products, licenses and revenue suppor ting the GPU business, such as memory products. Our  Tegra Processor business comprises 
product lines primarily based on our Tegra SOC and modem processor technologies including Tegra for sm artphones and tablets, including for 
Windows RT- based devices; automotive computers, including info tainment and navigation systems; and gaming devices  such as SHIELD. It also 
includes other related products, licenses and reven ue supporting the Tegra Processor business - such as Icera baseband processors and RF 
transceivers, embedded products, and license and ot her revenue associated with game consoles.  
In addition to the two reporting segments discussed  above, the “All Other” category primarily includes licensing revenue from our patent cross 
licensing agreement with Intel, which we expect to recognize through March 2017.  
  Recent Developments, Future Objectives and Challeng es  
GPU Business  
During fiscal year 2014, we announced and shipped o ur new family of high-end Kepler-based gaming GPUs - GeForce GTX Titan, GeForce 
GTX 780, GeForce GTX 780 Ti, GeForce GTX 770 and Ge Force GTX 760, and introduced G- SYNC technology that enables synchronization 
between the GPU and the display to help eliminate o n-screen lag.  
In addition, we extended our Kepler technology furt her into the workstation market by shipping four ne w professional graphics products under 
our Quadro K Series, including our most powerful wo rkstation graphics card - the Quadro K6000. Furthermore, we launched Tesla K4 0, an 
accelerator for supercomputing and enterprise data analytics, and partnered with IBM to build supercom puters for the high performance computing 
community.  
For the cloud computing platform, we launched GRID VCA - the industry's first visual computing appliance tha t enables businesses to deploy 
cloud-based, GPU-accelerated applications through any Windows, Linux or Mac client on their network. We also announced that VMware Horizon 
View supports NVIDIA GRID technology and that Citri x’s XenDesktop 7 has fully integrated our GRID vGPU t echnology to share GPUs across 
virtual machines. Finally, we announced an IP licen sing initiative designed to bring our GPU technolog y to new markets and generate revenue from 
markets previously inaccessible to us.  
 
37  •  For designers, GPUs improve productivity and introd uce new capabilities. For example, an architect des igning a new building in a CAD 
package can interact with the model in real time, t he model can be more detailed, and photo realistic renderings can be generated for the 
client.  
•  Researchers can use GPUs to run their simulations f aster while consuming less power, increasing the ac curacy of weather forecasts, or 
pricing financial derivatives more quickly.  
•  GRID uses GPUs to deliver graphics performance remo tely, from the cloud. Uses include gaming, professi onal applications provided as a 
service (SaaS) and improving Citrix and VMware inst allations.  Table of Contents  
 
Tegra Processor Business  
During fiscal year 2014, we announced our first ful ly integrated 4G LTE mobile processor - Tegra 4i, and extended our reach in the mobile 
devices market with the first shipments of Tegra 4 devices - including Xiaomi's Mi3 smartphone in China and Tegr a Note, a complete tablet 
platform. We also launched our next generation mobi le system-on-a-chip, Tegra K1, extending the Kepler  architecture across the Company’ s entire 
line of processors, displayed Denver, our custom 64 -bit ARM core inside Tegra K1, and showed Android r unning on 64-bit ARM.  
 
In addition, we announced that Audi introduced a ne w Tegra-powered infotainment system, smart display and digi tal cockpit and that Audi 
would use Tegra K1 to power its future piloted-driv ing initiatives. Finally, we started shipping SHIEL D, an open- platform gaming and 
entertainment portable that enables gamers to play Android games or stream games from a PC with a GeFo rce processor.  
Convertible Notes  
On December 2, 2013, we issued $1.5 billion of 1.00 % Convertible Senior Notes, or the Notes, due in 20 18 and concurrently entered into 
separate note hedge and warrant transactions and us ed $14.3 million to repurchase shares of our common  stock from purchasers of the Notes in 
privately negotiated transactions. In addition to u sing the net proceeds to fund the transaction costs , note hedge and warrant transactions, we further 
intend to use the proceeds to repurchase of shares of our common stock and pay cash dividends pursuant  to our recently announced fiscal year 2015 
capital return program, and for general corporate p urposes. Please refer to Note 11 of the Notes to the Consoli dated Financial Statements in Part IV, 
Item 15 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for furt her discussion.  
Capital Return to Shareholders  
During fiscal year 2014, we repurchased shares wort h $887.3 million , paid a total of $181.3 million in dividends and increased our quarterly 
cash dividend by 13% to $0.085 per share. We have announced our intention to return $1.0 billion  to shareholders in fiscal year 2015 in the form of  
share repurchases and dividends. As part of our cap ital return program, during February 2014 we entere d into an accelerated share repurchase 
agreement to purchase $500.0 million in shares of o ur common stock.  
Please refer to Note 14 of the Notes to the Consoli dated Financial Statements in Part IV, Item 15 of t his Annual Report on Form 10- K for 
further discussion.  
Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates  
   
Management’ s discussion and analysis of financial condition an d results of operations are based upon our consolid ated financial statements, 
which have been prepared in accordance with U.S. GA AP. The preparation of these financial statements r equires us to make estimates and 
judgments that affect the reported amounts of asset s, liabilities, revenue, cost of revenue, expenses and related disclosure of contingencies. On an 
on-going basis, we evaluate our estimates, including t hose related to revenue recognition, cash equivalen ts and marketable securities, accounts 
receivable, inventories, income taxes, goodwill, st ock-based compensation, warranty liabilities, litigatio n, investigation and settlement costs and 
other contingencies. We base our estimates on histo rical experience and on various other assumptions t hat are believed to be reasonable under the 
circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of a ssets and liabilities.  
   
We believe the following critical accounting polici es affect our significant judgments and estimates u sed in the preparation of our consolidated 
financial statements. Our management has discussed the development and selection of these critical acc ounting policies and estimates with the 
Audit Committee of our Board of Directors.  The Aud it Committee has reviewed our disclosures relating to our critical accounting policies and 
estimates in this Annual Report on Form 10-K.    
     
 
38  Table of Contents  
 
Revenue Recognition  
   
Product Revenue  
 
We recognize revenue from product sales when persua sive evidence of an arrangement exists, the product  has been delivered, the price is fixed 
or determinable and collection of the related recei vable is reasonably assured. For most sales, we use  a binding purchase order and in certain cases 
we use a contractual agreement as evidence of an ar rangement. We consider delivery to occur upon shipm ent provided title and risk of loss have 
passed to the customer. At the point of sale, we as sess whether the arrangement fee is fixed or determ inable and whether collection is reasonably 
assured. If we determine that collection of a fee i s not reasonably assured, we defer the fee and reco gnize revenue at the time collection becomes 
reasonably assured, which is generally upon receipt  of payment.  
   
Our policy on sales to certain distributors with ri ghts of return is to defer recognition of revenue a nd related cost of revenue until the 
distributors resell the product, as the level of re turns cannot be reasonably estimated.  
 
Our customer programs primarily involve rebates, wh ich are designed to serve as sales incentives to re sellers of our products in various target 
markets. We account for rebates as a reduction of r evenue and accrue for 100% of the potential rebates  and do not apply a breakage factor. While 
we have a long history of rebate arrangements with OEMs, we believe we are unable to apply our histori cal experience to reliably estimate the 
amount of rebates that will eventually be claimed b y individual OEMs. The OEMs are not our direct cust omers and the quantity and mix of demand 
they place on CEM/ODMs may shift as we introduce ne w generations and iterations of products and as we experience changes in new competitor 
offerings. In addition, we typically find that appr oximately 95% of the rebates we accrue each year ar e eventually claimed, which is substantially 
close to 100%, and that this percentage varies by p rogram and by customer. We recognize a liability fo r these rebates at the later of the date at 
which we record the related revenue or the date at which we offer the rebate. Rebates typically expire  six months from the date of the original sale, 
unless we reasonably believe that the customer inte nds to claim the rebate. Unclaimed rebates are reve rsed to revenue, the amount of which 
typically represents approximately 0.5% of total re venue.  
   
Our customer programs also include marketing develo pment funds, or MDFs.  MDFs represent monies paid t o retailers, system builders, 
original equipment manufacturers, or OEMs, distribu tors and add- in card partners that are earmarked for market segm ent development and 
expansion and typically are designed to support our  partners’ activities while also promoting NVIDIA products. De pending on market conditions, 
we may take actions to increase amounts offered und er customer programs, possibly resulting in an incr emental reduction of revenue at the time 
such programs are offered. We account for MDFs as a  reduction of revenue and apply a breakage factor t o certain types of MDF program accruals 
for which we believe we can make a reasonable and r eliable estimate of the amount that will ultimately  be unclaimed. MDF amounts that have been 
previously recorded against revenue and subsequentl y expired unclaimed are reversed to revenue. Such a mounts have not been significant.  
 
We also record a reduction to revenue by establishi ng a sales return allowance for estimated product r eturns at the time revenue is recognized, 
based primarily on historical return rates. However , if product returns for a particular fiscal period  exceed historical return rates we may determine 
that additional sales return allowances are require d to properly reflect our estimated exposure for pr oduct returns.  
 
License and Development Revenue  
   
For license arrangements that require significant c ustomization of our intellectual property component s, we generally recognize the related 
revenue over the period that services are performed . For most license and service arrangements, we det ermine progress to completion based on 
actual direct labor hours incurred to date as a per centage of the estimated total direct labor hours r equired to complete the project. We periodically 
evaluate the actual status of each project to ensur e that the estimates to complete each contract rema in accurate. A provision for estimated losses on 
contracts is made in the period in which the loss b ecomes probable and can be reasonably estimated. Co sts incurred in advance of revenue 
recognized are recorded as deferred costs on uncomp leted contracts. If the amount billed exceeds the a mount of revenue recognized, the excess 
amount is recorded as deferred revenue. Revenue rec ognized in any period is dependent on our progress toward completion of projects in progress. 
Significant management judgment and discretion are used to estimate total direct labor hours. Any chan ges in or deviations from these estimates 
could have a material effect on the amount of reven ue we recognize in any period.  
 
For license arrangements that do not require signif icant customization but where we are obligated to p rovide further deliverables over the term 
of the license agreement, we record revenue over th e life of the license term, with consideration rece ived in advance of the performance period 
classified as deferred revenue .  
 
 
39  Table of Contents  
 
Royalty revenue is recognized related to the distri bution or sale of products that use our technologie s under license agreements with third 
parties.  We recognize royalty revenue upon receipt  of a confirmation of earned royalties and when col lectability is reasonably assured from the 
applicable licensee.  
   
Accounts Receivable  
   
We maintain an allowance for doubtful accounts rece ivable for estimated losses resulting from the inab ility of our customers to make required 
payments.  Management determines this allowance, wh ich consists of an amount identified for specific c ustomer issues as well as an amount based 
on overall estimated exposure. Our accounts receiva ble are highly concentrated and make us vulnerable to adverse changes in our customers 
businesses, and to downturns in the industry and th e worldwide economy.   Our overall estimated exposu re excludes significant amounts that are 
covered by credit insurance and letters of credit. If the financial condition of our customers, the fi nancial institutions providing letters of credit, o r 
our credit insurance carrier were to deteriorate, r esulting in an impairment of their ability to make payments, additional allowances may be required 
that could adversely affect our operating results. Furthermore, there can be no assurance that we will  be able to continue to obtain credit insurance 
in the future.  
 
As of January 26, 2014 , our allowance for doubtful accounts receivable wa s $0.8 million and our gross accounts receivable ba lance was 
$443.5 million. Of the $443.5 million, $84.1 millio n was covered by credit insurance and $23.1 million  was covered by letters of credit. If the 
financial condition of our customers were to deteri orate, resulting in an impairment of their ability to make payments, additional allowances may be 
required and we may have to record additional reser ves or write- offs on certain sales transactions in the future. F actors impacting the allowance 
include the level of gross receivables, the financi al condition of our customers and the extent to whi ch balances are covered by credit insurance or 
letters of credit. The amount of our cumulative bad  debt charges over the last three fiscal years has not been significant.  As a result of our low bad 
debt experience, our allowance for doubtful account s receivable has ranged between 0.1% and 0.4% durin g fiscal years 2014 and 2013.  As of 
January 26, 2014 , our allowance for doubtful accou nts receivable represented 0.2% of our gross accoun ts receivable balance.  
 
  Inventories  
     
Inventory cost is computed on an adjusted standard basis, which approximates actual cost on an average  or first-in, first- out basis. Inventory 
costs consist primarily of the cost of semiconducto rs purchased from subcontractors, including wafer f abrication, assembly, testing and packaging, 
manufacturing support costs, including labor and ov erhead associated with such purchases, final test y ield fallout, and shipping costs, as well as the 
cost of purchased memory products and other compone nt parts. We charge cost of sales for inventory pro visions to write down our inventory to the 
lower of cost or estimated market value or to compl etely write off obsolete or excess inventory. Most of our inventory provisions relate to the write-
off of excess quantities of products, based on our inventory levels and future product purchase commit ments compared to assumptions about future 
demand and market conditions. Once inventory has be en written-off or written- down, it creates a new cost basis for the inventory  that is not 
subsequently written-up.  
 
Situations that may result in excess or obsolete in ventory include changes in business and economic co nditions, changes in consumer 
confidence caused by changes in market conditions, sudden and significant decreases in demand for our products, inventory obsolescence because 
of rapidly changing technology and customer require ments, failure to estimate customer demand properly  for older products as newer products are 
introduced, or unexpected competitive pricing actio ns by our competition. In addition, cancellation or  deferral of customer purchase orders could 
result in our holding excess inventory. Also, becau se we often sell a substantial portion of our produ cts in the last month of each quarter, we may 
not be able to reduce our inventory purchase commit ments in a timely manner in response to customer ca ncellations or deferrals.  
 
Charges to cost of sales for inventory provisions t otaled $50.1 million, $89.9 million and $53.0 milli on, unfavorably impacting our gross 
margin by 1.2%, 2.1% and 1.3%, in fiscal years 2014 , 2013 and 2012, respectively. Sales of inventory t hat was previously written-off or written-
down totaled $43.4 million, $53.7 million and $71.1  million, favorably impacting our gross margin by 1 .1%, 1.3% and 1.8% in fiscal years 2014, 
2013 and 2012, respectively. As a result, the overa ll net effect on our gross margin from charges to c ost of sales for inventory provisions and sales 
of items previously written-off or written- down was a 0.1% unfavorable impact in fiscal year 2 014, a 0.8% unfavorable impact in fiscal year 2013 
and a 0.5% favorable impact in fiscal year 2012.  
 
 
40  Table of Contents  
 
During fiscal years 2014, 2013 and 2012, the charge s we took to cost of sales for inventory provisions  were primarily related to the write- off of 
excess quantities of certain older generations of G PU and Tegra Processor products whose inventory lev els were higher than our updated forecasts 
of future demand for those products. As a fabless s emiconductor company, we must make commitments to p urchase inventory based on forecasts of 
future customer demand. In doing so, we must accoun t for our third- party manufacturers' lead times and constraints. We  also adjust to other market 
factors, such as product offerings and pricing acti ons by our competitors, new product transitions, an d macroeconomic conditions -  all of which 
may impact demand for our products.  
 
Please refer to the Gross Profit and Gross Margin d iscussion below in this Management's Discussion and  Analysis for further discussion.  
 
Warranty Liabilities  
 
Cost of revenue includes the estimated cost of prod uct warranties that are calculated at the point of revenue recognition. Under limited 
circumstances, we may offer an extended limited war ranty to customers for certain products.  Our produ cts are complex and may contain defects or 
experience failures due to any number of issues in design, fabrication, packaging, materials and/or us e within a system. If any of our products or 
technologies contains a defect, compatibility issue  or other error, we may have to invest additional r esearch and development efforts to find and 
correct the issue.   In addition, an error or defec t in new products or releases or related software d rivers after commencement of commercial 
shipments could result in failure to achieve market  acceptance or loss of design wins. Also, we may be  required to reimburse customers, including 
our customers’ costs to repair or replace products in the field.  
       
Income Taxes  
We recognize federal, state and foreign current tax  liabilities or assets based on our estimate of tax es payable or refundable in the current fiscal 
year by tax jurisdiction. We recognize federal, sta te and foreign deferred tax assets or liabilities, as appropriate, for our estimate of future tax effe cts 
attributable to temporary differences and carryforw ards; and we record a valuation allowance to reduce  any deferred tax assets by the amount of any 
tax benefits that, based on available evidence and judgment, are not expected to be realized.  
United States income tax has not been provided on a  portion of earnings of our non- U.S. subsidiaries to the extent that such earnings are 
considered to be indefinitely reinvested.  
Our calculation of current and deferred tax assets and liabilities is based on certain estimates and j udgments and involves dealing with 
uncertainties in the application of complex tax law s. Our estimates of current and deferred tax assets  and liabilities may change based, in part, on 
added certainty or finality to an anticipated outco me, changes in accounting standards or tax laws in the United States, or foreign jurisdictions 
where we operate, or changes in other facts or circ umstances. In addition, we recognize liabilities fo r potential United States and foreign income tax 
contingencies based on our estimate of whether, and  the extent to which, additional taxes may be due. If we determine that payment of these 
amounts is unnecessary or if the recorded tax liabi lity is less than our current assessment, we may be  required to recognize an income tax benefit or 
additional income tax expense in our financial stat ements, accordingly.  
As of January 26, 2014, we had a valuation allowanc e of $244.5 million related to state and certain fo reign deferred tax assets that management 
determined are not likely to be realized due, in pa rt, to projections of future taxable income and pot ential utilization limitations of tax attributes 
acquired as a result of stock ownership changes.  T o the extent realization of the deferred tax assets  becomes more-likely-than- not, we would 
recognize such deferred tax asset as an income tax benefit during the period.  
Our deferred tax assets do not include the excess t ax benefit related to stock- based compensation that are a component of our fede ral and state 
net operating loss and research tax credit carryfor wards in the amount of $427.9 million as of January  26, 2014. Consistent with prior years, the 
excess tax benefit reflected in our net operating l oss and research tax credit carryforwards will be a ccounted for as a credit to stockholders' equity, i f 
and when realized.  In determining if and when exce ss tax benefits have been realized, we have elected  to utilize the with-and- without approach 
with respect to such excess tax benefits. We have a lso elected to ignore the indirect tax effects of s tock-based compensation deductions for financial 
and accounting reporting purposes, and specifically  to recognize the full effect of the research tax c redit in income from operations.  
We recognize the benefit from a tax position only i f it is more-likely-than- not that the position would be sustained upon audit  based solely on 
the technical merits of the tax position. Our polic y is to include interest and penalties related to u nrecognized tax benefits as a component of income 
tax expense. Please refer to Note 13 of the Notes t o the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part IV,  Item 15 of this Annual Report on Form 10- K 
for additional information.  
 
 
41  Table of Contents  
 
Goodwill  
Goodwill is subject to our annual impairment test d uring the fourth quarter of our fiscal year, or ear lier if indicators of potential impairment 
exist, using either a qualitative or a quantitative  assessment.  Our impairment review process compare s the fair value of the reporting unit in which 
the goodwill resides to its carrying value.  We hav e identified three reporting units, GPU, Profession al Solutions and Tegra Processor, for the 
purposes of completing our goodwill analysis. Goodw ill assigned to these reporting units as of January  26, 2014 was $135.3 million, $95.1 million 
and $412.8 million , respectively. Determining the number of reporting  units and the fair value of a reporting unit requi res us to make judgments 
and involves the use of significant estimates and a ssumptions. We also make judgments and assumptions in allocating assets and liabilities to each 
of our reporting units. We base our fair value esti mates on assumptions we believe to be reasonable bu t that are unpredictable and inherently 
uncertain.  
 
Both a qualitative and quantitative approach are ap plicable accounting standards for the assessment of  goodwill impairment. With the 
qualitative approach to testing goodwill for impair ment, we perform an analysis evaluating factors inc luding, but not limited to, macro- economic 
conditions, market and industry conditions, the com petitive environment, the operational stability and  overall financial performance of the reporting 
units, including cost factors and actual revenue re sults. For reporting units in which the qualitative  assessment concludes it is more likely than not 
that the fair value is more than its carrying value , no further goodwill impairment testing is require d.  
 
For those reporting units where a significant chang e or event has occurred, where potential impairment  indicators exist, or for which we have 
not performed a quantitative assessment recently, w e utilize a two- step quantitative assessment to testing goodwill fo r impairment. The first step 
tests for possible impairment by applying a fair va lue-based test. The second step, if necessary, measures  the amount of such impairment by 
applying fair value- based tests to individual assets and liabilities. W e estimated the fair value of reporting units by we ighing the results from the 
income approach and the market approach. These valu ation approaches consider a number of factors that include, but are not limited to, prospective 
financial information, growth rates, terminal or re sidual values, discount rates and comparable multip les from publicly traded companies in our 
industry and require us to make certain assumptions  and estimates regarding industry economic factors and the future profitability of our business.  
 
When performing an income approach valuation, we in corporate the use of projected financial informatio n and a discount rate that are 
developed using market participant based assumption s to our discounted cash flow model. Our estimates of discounted cash flow were based upon, 
among other things, certain assumptions about our e xpected future operating performance, such as reven ue growth rates, operating margins, risk-
adjusted discount rates, and future economic and ma rket conditions. Our estimates may differ from actu al cash flow due to, among other things, 
economic conditions, changes to our business model or changes in operating performance. Additionally, certain estimates of discounted cash flow 
involve businesses with limited financial history a nd developing revenue models, which increases the r isk of differences between the projected and 
actual performance. The long- term financial forecasts that we utilize represent the best estimate that we have at this time and we believe that its 
underlying assumptions are reasonable. Significant differences between our estimates and actual cash f low could materially affect our future 
financial results, which could impact our future es timates of the fair value of our reporting unit.  
 
During the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2014, we u tilized a quantitative assessment to test goodwill impairment for all three reporting units and 
concluded that there was no impairment, as the fair  value of our GPU and Professional Solutions report ing units significantly exceeded their 
carrying values and the fair value of our Tegra Pro cessor reporting unit exceeded its carrying value b y 17%. As such, even if we applied a 
hypothetical 10% decrease to the fair value of each  reporting unit, it still would not have resulted i n the fair value of our reporting units being less 
than their carrying values. As an overall test of t he reasonableness of estimated fair values of repor ting units, we reconciled the combined fair value 
estimates of our reporting units to our market capi talization as of the valuation date of October 27, 2013. The reconciliation confirmed that the fair 
values were relatively representative of the market  views when applying a reasonable control premium t o the market capitalization. However, any 
significant reductions in the actual amount of futu re cash flows realized by our reporting units, redu ctions in the value of market comparables, or 
reductions in our market capitalization could impac t future estimates of the fair values of our report ing units. Such events could ultimately result in 
a charge to our earnings in future periods due to t he potential for a write-down of the goodwill assoc iated with our reporting units.  
 
 
42  Table of Contents  
 
In particular, the fair value of our Tegra reportin g unit exceeded its carrying value by approximately  17%. The fair value of this reporting unit 
was assessed using a combination of income and mark et approaches. The underlying assumptions we used i n assessing the fair value of the Tegra 
reporting unit include, but are not limited to, ass umptions around future revenue growth rates, gross margins, operating expense investment levels, 
overall market growth rates, our market share of th e overall market, and the appropriate discount rate s to apply to future cash flows. If the actual 
future results of the Tegra reporting unit do not a chieve the levels we estimated in assessing its fai r value, the fair value of the Tegra reporting unit  
could decline. A future decline in the fair value o f the Tegra reporting unit could result a charge to  our earnings as a result of a write- down of the 
value of the goodwill associated with that reportin g unit.  
Our next annual evaluation of the goodwill by repor ting unit will be performed during the fourth quart er of fiscal year 2015, or earlier if 
indicators of potential impairment exist. Such indi cators include, but are not limited to, challenging  economic conditions, such as a decline in our 
operating results, an unfavorable industry or macro economic environment, a substantial decline in our stock price, or any other adverse change in 
market conditions. Such conditions could have the e ffect of changing one of the critical assumptions o r estimates we use to calculate the fair value 
of our reporting units, which could result in a dec rease in fair value and require us to record goodwi ll impairment charges.  
 
Cash Equivalents and Marketable Securities  
            
Cash equivalents consist of financial instruments w hich are readily convertible into cash and have ori ginal maturities of three months or less at 
the time of acquisition.  Marketable securities con sist primarily of highly liquid investments with ma turities of greater than three months when 
purchased.  We generally classify our marketable se curities at the date of acquisition as available- f or- sale.  These securities are reported at fair 
value with the related unrealized gains and losses included in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss), a component of stockholder’ s 
equity, net of tax.  Any unrealized losses which ar e considered to be other-than- temporary impairments are recorded in the other inc ome (expense) 
section of our consolidated statements of operation s.  Realized gains (losses) on the sale of marketab le securities are determined using the specific-
identification method and recorded in the other inc ome (expense) section of our consolidated statement s of operations. Please refer to Note 7 of the 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in P art IV, Item 15 of this Annual Report on Form 10 -K.  We measure our cash equivalents and 
marketable securities at fair value. The fair value s of our financial assets and liabilities are deter mined using quoted market prices of identical asset s 
or quoted market prices of similar assets from acti ve markets.  Our Level 1 assets consist of our mone y market funds. We classify securities within 
Level 1 assets when the fair value is obtained from  real time quotes for transactions in active exchan ge markets involving identical assets.  Our 
available-for- sale securities are classified as having Level 2 in puts.  Our Level 2 assets are valued utilizing a ma rket approach where the market 
prices of similar assets are provided by a variety of independent industry standard data providers to our investment custodian.  Most of our cash 
equivalents and marketable securities are valued ba sed on Level 2 inputs.  We do not have any investme nts classified as Level 3 as of January 26, 
2014 .  
 
All of our available-for- sale investments are subject to a periodic impairme nt review. We record a charge to earnings when a de cline in fair 
value is significantly below cost basis and judged to be other-than- temporary, or have other indicators of impairments.   If the fair value of an 
available-for-sale debt instrument is less than its  amortized cost basis, an other-than - temporary impairment is triggered in circumstances where (1) 
we intend to sell the instrument, (2) it is more li kely than not that we will be required to sell the instrument before recovery of its amortized cost 
basis, or (3) a credit loss exists where we do not expect to recover the entire amortized cost basis o f the instrument. If we intend to sell or it is mor e 
likely than not that we will be required to sell th e available-for- sale debt instrument before recovery of its amortiz ed cost basis, we recognize an 
other-than- temporary impairment in earnings equal to the entire difference between the debt instrumen ts’ amortized cost basis and its fair 
value.  For available-for-sale debt instruments tha t are considered other-than- temporarily impaired due to the existence of a cred it loss, if we do not 
intend to sell and it is more likely than not that we will be required to sell the instrument before r ecovery of its remaining amortized cost basis 
(amortized cost basis less any current- period credit loss), we separate the amount of the impairment into the amount that is credit related a nd the 
amount due to all other factors.  The credit loss c omponent is recognized in earnings.  
   
Stock-based Compensation  
 
We measure stock- based compensation expense based on the estimated f air value of equity awards at the grant date, and r ecognize the expense 
using a straight- line attribution method over the requisite employee  service period. We estimate the fair value of empl oyee stock options on the date 
of grant using a binomial model. We use the closing  trading price of our common stock on the date of g rant, minus a dividend yield discount, as the 
fair value of awards of restricted stock units, or RSUs. The fair value of our employee stock purchase  plan is calculated using the Black- Scholes 
model.  Our stock-based compensation for employee s tock purchase plan is expensed using an accelerated  amortization model.  
 
 
43  Table of Contents  
 
We determine the fair value of stock option awards on the date of grant using an option- pricing model that is affected by our stock price a s well 
as assumptions regarding a number of highly complex  and subjective variables. These variables include,  but are not limited to, weighted average 
expected term, risk- free interest rate, expected stock price volatility , dividend yield, actual and projected employee sto ck option exercise behaviors, 
vesting schedules and death and disability probabil ities We also segregate options into groups of empl oyees with relatively homogeneous exercise 
behavior in order to calculate the best estimate of  fair value using the binomial valuation model.  
The expected life of employee stock options is a de rived output of our valuation model and is impacted  by the underlying assumptions of our 
company. The risk- free interest rate assumption is based upon observe d interest rates on Treasury bills appropriate for the term of our employee 
stock options. Our management has determined that t he use of implied volatility is expected to be more  reflective of market conditions and, 
therefore, can reasonably be expected to be a bette r indicator of our expected volatility than histori cal volatility. Dividend yield is based on history 
and expectation of dividend payouts.  
Our RSU awards are not eligible for cash dividends prior to vesting; therefore, the fair value of RSUs  is discounted by the dividend yield. 
Additionally, for employee stock option and RSU awa rds, we estimate forfeitures annually and revise th e estimates of forfeiture in subsequent 
periods if actual forfeitures differ from those est imates. Forfeitures are estimated based on historic al experience. If factors change and we employ 
different assumptions in the application of account ing standards in future periods, the compensation e xpense that we record under these accounting 
standards may differ significantly from what we hav e recorded in the current period.  
   
Using the binomial model, we estimated the fair val ue of the stock options granted under our stock opt ion plans using the following assumptions 
during fiscal year 2014 :  
    
We used the Black-Scholes model to estimate the fai r value of shares issued under our ESPP during fisc al year 2014 , using the following 
assumptions:  
   
   
Litigation, Investigation and Settlement Costs  
   
From time to time, we are involved in legal actions  and/or investigations by regulatory bodies. We are  aggressively defending our current 
litigation matters. However, there are many uncerta inties associated with any litigation or investigat ions, and we cannot be certain that these actions 
or other third- party claims against us will be resolved without co stly litigation, fines and/or substantial settlemen t payments. If that occurs, our 
business, financial condition and results of operat ions could be materially and adversely affected. If  information becomes available that causes us to 
determine that a loss in any of our pending litigat ion, investigations or settlements is probable, and  we can reasonably estimate the loss associated 
with such events, we will record the loss in accord ance with U.S. GAAP. However, the actual liability in any such litigation or investigation may be 
materially different from our estimates, which coul d require us to record additional costs.  
 
 
44  Weighted average expected life (in years)  2.4-3.5 
Risk-free interest rate  1.8%-3.0% 
Volatility  28%-37% 
Dividend yield  1.9%-2.4% 
Weighted average expected life (in years)  0.5-2.0 
Risk-free interest rate  0.1%-0.4% 
Volatility  32%-37% 
Dividend yield  2.0%-2.4% Table of Contents  
 
Results of Operations  
   
The following table sets forth, for the periods ind icated, certain items in our consolidated statement s of operations expressed as a percentage of 
revenue.   
 
Fiscal Years Ended January 26, 2014, January 27, 20 13, and January 29, 2012  
   
Revenue  
 
Fiscal Year 2014 vs. Fiscal Year 2013  
 
Revenue was $4.13 billion for fiscal year 2014 and $4.28 billion for fiscal year 2013 , a decrease of 4% .  A discussion of our revenue results 
for each of our reporting segments and the other ca tegory is as follows:  
 
GPU Business. GPU business revenue for fiscal year 2014 increased  by 7% to $3.47 billion when compared to $3.25 bill ion for fiscal year 
2013 . This growth was largely attributable to stre ngth in our high- end GeForce GTX GPUs which grew 18% driven by gamin g market segment 
demand. The GPU business also benefited from a 37% increase in Tesla high- performance computing revenue and a 10% increase in  Quadro 
workstation revenue in fiscal year 2014. Offsetting  these growth areas were declines in the overall ma rket for desktop PCs and notebooks, which 
contributed to lower unit volumes of our mainstream  GeForce GPUs.  
 
Tegra Processor Business.   Tegra Processor business revenue decreased by 48%  to $398.0 million for fiscal year 2014 as compared  to $764.4 
million for fiscal year 2013 . This decrease was pr imarily due to lower sales of our previous generati on Tegra 3- based products for smartphones and 
tablet devices. Additionally, sales of our embedded  products for entertainment devices and revenue fro m license fees related to game consoles also 
decreased during fiscal year 2014. These decreases were partially offset by the sales of Tegra 4- based products for smartphones and tablet devices 
as well as infotainment systems for automobiles.  
 
All Other. License revenue from the patent cross licensing arr angement we entered into with Intel in January 2011  was flat at $264.0 million 
between fiscal years 2014 and 2013.  
 
 
45      Year Ended  
   January 26, 2014    January 27, 2013   January 29, 2012 
Revenue  100.0 %   100.0 %   100.0 % 
Cost of revenue  45.1    48.0    48.6  
Gross profit  54.9    52.0    51.4  
Operating expenses:               
Research and development  32.3    26.8    25.1  
Sales, general and administrative  10.5    10.1    10.1  
Total operating expenses  42.8    36.9    35.2  
Income from operations  12.1    15.1    16.2  
Interest income  0.4    0.5    0.5  
Interest expense  (0.3 )    (0.1 )    (0.1 )  
Other income (expense), net  0.2    (0.1 )    — 
Income before income taxes  12.4    15.4    16.6  
Income tax expense  1.7    2.3    2.1  
Net income  10.7 %   13.1 %   14.5 % Table of Contents  
 
Fiscal Year 2013 vs. Fiscal Year 2012  
 
Revenue was $4.28 billion for fiscal year 2013 and $4.00 billion for fiscal year 2012, an increase of 7%. A discussion of our revenue results for 
each of our reporting segments and the other catego ry is as follows:  
 
GPU Business. GPU business revenue of $3.25 billion for fiscal ye ar 2013 increased by 2% compared to $3.19 billion f or fiscal year 2012. 
This growth was largely attributable to the introdu ction of GPUs based on our Kepler architecture in f iscal year 2013. GeForce notebook revenues 
increased on the strength of Kepler-based design wi ns on the Ivy Bridge platform. Strong demand for Ke pler-based GeForce desktop GPU products 
also contributed to the increase in GPU business re venues. The GPU business also benefited from a grea ter than 36% increase in Tesla revenue in 
fiscal year 2013. Offsetting these increases were a  decrease in Quadro revenue, which we believe was d ue primarily to general weakness in Western 
Europe, and a continued decline in sales of our MCP  products as we continued to phase out our chipset product line.  
 
Tegra Processor Busines s. Tegra Processor business revenue increased by 29 % to $764.4 million for fiscal year 2013 as compare d to $591.2 
million for fiscal year 2012. This increase was pri marily due to higher sales of our Tegra 3- based smartphones and tablet devices as we transiti oned 
from the previous generation Tegra 2-based products  and introduced our Tegra-3 based processors in Win dows RT- based tablet devices. 
Additionally, revenues for our embedded products fo r entertainment and automotive devices also increas ed during fiscal year 2013. Offsetting these 
increases was a decrease in revenue from license fe es and other revenue related to game consoles.  
 
All Other . The increase in revenue is also due to revenue fr om the patent cross licensing arrangement we entere d into with Intel in January 2011. 
We recognized $264.0 million in related licensing r evenue during the entire twelve months of fiscal ye ar 2013, while fiscal year 2012 only included 
$220.0 million in related revenue - reflecting only  ten months of the corresponding revenue.  
   
Concentration of Revenue  
   
We generated 75% , 74% and 78% of our total revenue  for fiscal years 2014 , 2013 and 2012, respectively, from sales to custom ers outside the 
United States and other Americas. Revenue by geogra phic region is allocated to individual countries ba sed on the location to which the products are 
initially billed even if the foreign contract equip ment manufacturers, add-in board and motherboard ma nufacturers’ revenue is attributable to end 
customers in a different location.  
 
Revenue from significant customers, those represent ing 10% or more of total revenue for the respective  dates, is summarized as follows:   
   
Gross Profit and Gross Margin  
   
Gross profit consists of total revenue, net of allo wances, less cost of revenue. Cost of revenue consi sts primarily of the cost of semiconductors 
purchased from subcontractors, including wafer fabr ication, assembly, testing and packaging, manufactu ring support costs, including labor and 
overhead associated with such purchases, final test  yield fallout, inventory and warranty provisions a nd shipping costs. Cost of revenue also 
includes development costs for license, service arr angements and stock-based compensation related to p ersonnel associated with manufacturing.  
   
Gross margin is the percentage of gross profit to r evenue.  Our gross margin was 54.9%, 52.0% and 51.4 % for fiscal years 2014, 2013 and 
2012, respectively.  Our gross margin is significan tly impacted by the mix of products we sell and can  vary in any period depending on that product 
mix.  
 
 
46     Year Ended  
   January 26,  
2014    January 27,  
2013    January 29,  
2012  
Revenue:               
Customer A  11 %   13 %   11 % 
Customer B  10 %   9 %   7 % Table of Contents  
 
A discussion of our gross margin results for each o f our reporting segments is as follows:  
 
Fiscal Year 2014 vs. Fiscal Year 2013  
 
Our gross margin increased to 54.9% in fiscal year 2014 from 52.0% in fiscal year 2013 . The improvement in gross margin was driven 
primarily by a combination of increased unit sales and a richer product mix of our high- end GeForce GTX GPU, Tesla high performance 
computing, and Quadro professional workstation prod ucts.  The lower sales unit volumes of our lower ma rgin mainstream GPUs and Tegra 
processors also contributed to the gross margin inc rease. Gross margin also improved due to the favora ble impact of lower net inventory provisions 
in fiscal year 2014 compared to fiscal year 2013.  
 
Charges to cost of sales for inventory provisions t otaled $50.1 million and $89.9 million for fiscal y ears 2014 and 2013, unfavorably impacting 
our gross margin by 1.2% and 2.1%, respectively. Sa les of inventory that was previously written-off or  written-down totaled $43.4 million and 
$53.7 million for fiscal years 2014 and 2013, favor ably impacting our gross margin by 1.1% and 1.3%, r espectively. As a result, the overall net 
effect on our gross margin from inventory provision s and sales of items previously written down was an  unfavorable impact of 0.1% and 0.8% in 
fiscal years 2014 and 2013, respectively.  
 
GPU Business . The gross margin of our GPU business increased du ring fiscal year 2014 when compared to fiscal year 2013.   This was 
primarily due to a combination of increased unit sa les and a richer product mix of our high- end GeForce GTX GPU, Tesla high performance 
computing, and Quadro professional workstation prod ucts. Lower inventory provisions for excess invento ry in fiscal year 2014 also contributed to 
the increase in gross margin.  
   
Tegra Processor Business.    The gross margin of our Tegra Processor business  decreased during fiscal year 2014 when compared to  fiscal year 
2013. This decrease was driven primarily by a combi nation of an overall decline in margins of our Tegr a products and a less rich mix between 
tablet products, which have had higher gross margin s, and smartphone and automotive module products, w hich have had comparably lower gross 
margins.  
 
Fiscal Year 2013 vs. Fiscal Year 2012  
 
Our gross margin increased to 52.0% in fiscal year 2013 from 51.4% in fiscal year 2012.  The improveme nt in gross margin was driven 
primarily by increased unit sales and a richer prod uct mix of our high- end GeForce desktop products, plus Tesla and Quadro  products.  The addition 
of a full year of revenue from the patent cross lic ensing arrangement with Intel compared to ten month s of such corresponding revenue in fiscal year 
2012 also contributed to the improvement in gross m argin. Offsetting these were the unfavorable impact  of higher net provisions for inventory in 
fiscal year 2013 when compared to fiscal year 2012.   
 
Charges to cost of sales for inventory provisions t otaled $89.9 million and $53.0 million for fiscal y ears 2013 and 2012, unfavorably impacting 
our gross margin by 2.1% and 1.3%, respectively. Sa les of inventory that was previously written- off or written down totaled $53.7 million and 
$71.1 million for fiscal years 2013 and 2012, favor ably impacting our gross margin by 1.3% and 1.8%, r espectively. As a result, the overall net 
effect on our gross margin from inventory provision s and sales of items previously written down was a 0.8% unfavorable impact in fiscal year 2013 
and a 0.5% favorable impact in fiscal year 2012.  
 
GPU Business . The gross margin of our GPU business increased du ring fiscal year 2013 when compared to fiscal year 2012.   This was 
primarily due to a richer product mix of our Kepler -based high- end 28 nanometer GeForce desktop products and our Q uadro products. Memory 
margins strengthened on improved market pricing. Th ese favorable contributors to gross margin were pri marily offset by higher net inventory 
provisions in fiscal year 2013 compared to fiscal y ear 2012.  
   
Tegra Processor Business.    The gross margin of our Tegra Processor business  decreased slightly during fiscal year 2013 as comp ared to fiscal 
year 2012. This decrease was the result of a change  in product mix driven by a lower mix of revenue fr om areas such as license fees and other 
revenues related to game consoles, which typically have higher gross margins than our Tegra products, offset by a higher mix of revenue from sales 
of our Tegra products, which grew substantially dur ing the year.  
     
       
 
47  Table of Contents  
 
Operating Expenses    
   
Research and Development  
 
Fiscal Year 2014 vs. Fiscal Year 2013  
 
Research and development expenses increased by $188 .5 million , or 16% , year over year. This increase was primarily due t o a $101.9 million 
increase in compensation and benefits expense due t o increased hiring of engineering talent. The growt h in engineering employees also drove an 
increase in facilities and IT support expense of $3 4.6 million, purchases of computer and software sup plies of $14.1 million and depreciation and 
amortization of $11.0 million. In addition, enginee ring development expenses increased by $23.2 millio n, primarily related to the ramp up of our 
next generation Tegra products.  
 
Fiscal Year 2013 vs. Fiscal Year 2012  
 
Research and development expenses increased by $144 .7 million, or 14%, year over year. This increase w as primarily due to a $99.4 million 
increase in compensation and benefits expense as we  continue to hire engineering talent to invest in o ur business. Depreciation and amortization 
increased by $9.8 million, driven primarily by amor tization of intangible assets associated with our a cquisition of Icera in fiscal year 2012, as well 
as purchases of additional hardware and licenses du ring the year. Engineering development expenses inc reased by $6.8 million related to the ramp 
of our next-generation GPU architecture, Kepler, de signed for 28nm technology and our next generation Tegra processor architecture, Tegra 4.  
 
Sales, General and Administrative  
 
Fiscal Year 2014 vs. Fiscal Year 2013  
 
Sales, general and administrative expenses increase d by $ 4.9 million , or 1% , year over year. This increase was primarily due t o a $37.9 
million increase in compensation and benefits expen se due to increased hiring. Offsetting this increas e were the absence of both a $20.1 million 
charge for a charitable contribution and a charge o f $3.1 million for a class action settlement that w e recorded in the prior fiscal year.  
 
Fiscal Year 2013 vs. Fiscal Year 2012  
 
Sales, general and administrative expenses increase d by $25.2 million, or 6%, year over year. This inc rease was primarily due to a $21.6 
million increase in compensation and benefits expen se as we continue to invest in our business. Also c ontributing to the increase was a $20.1 
million expense for the net present value of a char itable contribution that we recorded in the second quarter of fiscal year 2013. Offsetting these 
increases were decreases in outside professional fe es of $10.4 million due to an overall decrease in p rofessional services costs during fiscal year 
2013 compared with fiscal year 2012 due to a genera l decline in litigation- related costs and the absence of services associate d with acquisition 
activity in fiscal year 2013.  
 
 
48     Year Ended    Year Ended  
   January 26,  
2014    January 27,  
2013    $  
Change    %  
Change    January 27,  
2013    January 29,  
2012    $  
Change    %  
Change  
   (In millions)    (In millions)  
Research and development 
expenses  $ 1,335.8    $ 1,147.3    $ 188.5    16.4 %   $ 1,147.3    $ 1,002.6    $ 144.7    14.4 % 
Sales, general and 
administrative expenses  435.7    430.8    4.9    1.1 %   430.8    405.6    25.2    6.2 % 
Total operating expenses  $ 1,771.5    $ 1,578.1    $ 193.4    12.3 %   $ 1,578.1    $ 1,408.2    $ 169.9    12.1 % 
Research and development as 
a percentage of net revenue  32.3 %   26.8 %             26.8 %   25.1 %           
Sales, general and 
administrative as a percentage 
of net revenue  10.5 %   10.1 %             10.1 %   10.1 %           Table of Contents  
 
Interest Income and Interest Expense  
 
Interest income consists of interest earned on cash , cash equivalents and marketable securities. Inter est expense is primarily comprised of 
coupon interest and debt discount amortization rela ted to the convertible notes issued in the fourth q uarter of fiscal year 2014.  
 
Interest income was $17.1 million , $19.9 million a nd $19.1 million in fiscal years 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively. The decrease in fiscal 
year 2014 from the prior year was primarily due to the result of lower average cash balances as we liq uidated a portion of our investment portfolio 
to fund an accelerated share repurchase transaction  during the second quarter of fiscal year 2014.  
 
Interest expense was $10.4 million , $3.3 million ,  and $3.1 million in fiscal years 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively. The increase from prior 
year is attributable to $2.5 million for coupon int erest and $4.6 million for debt discount amortizati on related to the convertible notes. We expect to 
incur annual coupon interest expense of $15.0 milli on, and annual debt discount amortization of $28.0 million, for fiscal year 2015.  
 
  Other Income and Expense  
 
Other income and expense primarily consists of real ized gains and losses from the sale of marketable s ecurities, sale of investment in non-
affiliated companies, and the impact of changes in foreign currency rates. Net other income (expense) was $ 7.4 million , $ (2.8) million and $ (1.0) 
million in fiscal years 2014 , 2013 and 2012 , respectively. The increase in other income for fi scal year 2014 was primarily due to an increase in 
gains from foreign currency remeasurements and a ga in of $3.1 million from sale of a non-affiliated in vestment.  
    
Income Taxes  
   
We recognized income tax expense of $ 70.3 million , $ 99.5 million and $ 82.3 million during fiscal y ears 2014 , 2013 and 2012 , respectively. 
Income tax expense as a percentage of income before  taxes, or our annual effective tax rate, was 13.8%  , 15.0% , and 12.4% in fiscal years 2014 , 
2013 and 2012 , respectively.  
 
Our effective tax rate on income or loss before tax  for the fiscal years was lower than the United Sta tes federal statutory rate of 35% due to 
income or loss earned in jurisdictions, including B ritish Virgin Islands, Hong Kong, China, Taiwan and  United Kingdom, where the tax rate is 
lower than the United States federal statutory tax rate of 35% , favorable recognition in these fiscal years of th e U.S. federal R&D tax credit and 
release of tax reserves as a result of the expirati on of statutes of limitations in certain non- U.S. jurisdictions for which we had not previously 
recognized related tax benefits.  
 
Please refer to Note 13 of the Notes to the Consoli dated Financial Statements in Part IV, Item 15 of t his Annual Report on Form 10- K for 
additional information.   
 
Liquidity and Capital Resources    
 
 
 
49     January 26, 2014   January 27, 2013 
   (In millions)  
Cash and cash equivalents  $ 1,151.6    $ 732.8  
Marketable securities  3,520.2    2,995.1  
Cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities  $ 4,671.8    $ 3,727.9  
   Year Ended  
   January 26,  
2014    January 27,  
2013    January 29,  
2012  
   (In millions)  
Net cash provided by operating activities  $ 835.1    $ 824.2    $ 909.2  
Net cash used in investing activities  $ (805.9 )   $ (744.0 )   $ (1,143.4 ) 
Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities   $ 389.6    $ (15.3 )   $ 236.7  Table of Contents  
 
As of January 26, 2014 , we had $4.67 billion in ca sh, cash equivalents and marketable securities, an increase of $943.9 million from the end of 
fiscal year 2013 . Our portfolio of cash equivalents and marketable securities is managed on our behalf by several fina ncial institutions which are 
required to follow our investment policy, which req uires the purchase of high grade investment securit ies, the diversification of asset types and 
includes certain limits on our portfolio duration.  
 
Operating activities  
   
Operating activities consist primarily of net incom e or loss for the fiscal period, offset by the impa ct of non-cash expenses such as stock- based 
compensation and depreciation and amortization expe nse, and changes in operating assets and liabilitie s such as accounts receivable and 
inventories.  
 
Cash provided by operating activities increased sli ghtly in fiscal year 2014 compared to fiscal year 2 013 primarily due to favorable changes in 
operating assets offset by a decrease in net income .  The favorable change in operating assets was dri ven mainly by a combination of a decrease in 
accounts receivable, resulting from strong collecti ons and linear monthly shipments in the fourth quar ter of fiscal year 2014, and a decrease in 
inventories.  
 
Cash provided by operating activities decreased in fiscal year 2013 compared to fiscal year 2012 prima rily due to a decrease in net income and 
unfavorable changes in operating assets compared to  fiscal year 2012.  For example, accounts receivabl e increased primarily due to higher sales in 
the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2013 compared to the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2012 and inventor y increased as a result of the production ramp 
of Kepler-based GPU products.  
 
Investing activities  
 
Investing activities consist primarily of purchases , sales and maturities of marketable securities, ac quisitions of businesses and purchases of 
property and equipment, including leasehold improve ments for our facilities and intangible assets.  
 
Cash used in investing activities for fiscal year 2 014 increased from fiscal year 2013 driven primaril y by capital expenditures in fiscal year 
2014 for new technology licenses and leasehold impr ovements at our facilities in various locations.  
 
Cash used in investing activities for fiscal year 2 013 decreased from fiscal year 2012 due primarily t o the acquisition of Icera in fiscal year 
2012. We used $183.3 million towards capital expend itures in fiscal year 2013 mainly for the purchase of new research and development 
equipment, testing equipment to support our increas ed production requirements, technology licenses, so ftware, intangible assets and leasehold 
improvements at our facilities in various locations .  
   
Financing activities  
 
Financing activities consist primarily of borrowing  activities, such as convertible debt issuances or capital leases, and equity- related activities 
such as stock repurchases and dividend payments.  
 
Cash provided by financing activities increased in fiscal year 2014 due primarily to the net proceeds of $1.48 billion we received from the 
convertible note offering that was completed during  the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2014 as well as cash proceeds of $70.2 million from common 
stock issued under our employee stock plans. Concur rent with the convertible note offering, we used ne t proceeds of $108 million to fund the 
related note hedge and warrant transactions. During  fiscal year 2014, we also used $887.3 million to r epurchase shares of our common stock and 
paid $181.3 million of cash dividends to shareholde rs.  
 
Cash used in financing activities in fiscal year 20 13 was due primarily to our repurchase of $100.0 mi llion of shares of our common stock and 
our first quarterly cash dividend payment of $46.9 million. These uses of cash were offset by cash pro ceeds of $64.9 million from common stock 
issued under our employee stock plans and a non-cas h tax benefit of $68.7 million related to employee stock-based compensation.  
 
Liquidity  
 
Our primary source of liquidity is cash generated b y our operations. Our investment portfolio consiste d of cash and cash equivalents, 
commercial paper, mortgage-backed securities issued  by government- sponsored enterprises, money market funds and debt securities of 
corporations, municipalities and the United States government and its agencies. These investments are denominated in United States dollars. As of 
January 26, 2014 , we did not have any investments in auction-rate preferred securities.  
 
 
50  Table of Contents  
 
All of the cash equivalents and marketable securiti es are treated as “available-for-sale”. Investments in both fixed and floating rate interes t 
earning instruments carry a degree of interest rate  risk. Fixed rate debt securities may have their ma rket value adversely impacted due to a rise in 
interest rates, while floating rate securities may produce less income than expected if interest rates  fall. Due in part to these factors, our future 
investment income may fall short of expectations du e to changes in interest rates or if the decline in  fair value of our publicly traded debt or equity 
investments is judged to be other-than- temporary. We may suffer losses in principal if we are forced to sell securities that decline in marke t value 
due to changes in interest rates. However, because any debt securities we hold are classified as “avai lable-for-sale,” no gains or losses are realized 
in our statement of income due to changes in intere st rates unless such securities are sold prior to m aturity or unless declines in market values are 
determined to be other-than- temporary.  These securities are reported at fair v alue with the related unrealized gains and losses i ncluded in 
accumulated other comprehensive income, a component  of stockholders’ equity, net of tax.  
 
As of January 26, 2014 and January 27, 2013 , we ha d $ 4.67 billion and $ 3.73 billion , respectively, in cash, cash equivalents and marke table 
securities.  Our investment policy requires the pur chase of high grade investment securities, the dive rsification of asset types and includes certain 
limits on our portfolio duration, as specified in o ur investment policy guidelines. These guidelines a lso limit the amount of credit exposure to any 
one issue, issuer or type of instrument. As of Janu ary 26, 2014 , we were in compliance with our inves tment policy.  As of January 26, 2014 , our 
investments in U.S. government agencies and U.S. go vernment sponsored enterprises represented approxim ately 42% of our total investment 
portfolio, while the financial sector accounted for  approximately 27% of our total investment portfolio. Substantially al l of our investments are with 
A/A3 or better rated securities.  
 
We performed an impairment review of our investment  portfolio as of January 26, 2014 .  Based on our quarterly impairment review, we 
concluded that our investments were appropriately v alued and did not record any impairment during fisc al year 2014 .     
 
Net realized gains were $ 2.4 million , $ 0.5 milli on and $ 0.4 million for fiscal years 2014 , 2013 a nd 2012 , respectively.  As of January 26, 
2014 , we had a net unrealized gain of $ 4.8 millio n , which was comprised of gross unrealized gains o f $ 7.2 million , offset by $ 2.4 million of 
gross unrealized losses.  As of January 27, 2013 , we had a net unrealized gain of $ 10.9 million , which was comprised of gross unrealized gains of 
$11.7 million , offset by $ 0.8 million of gross un realized losses.   
 
Our accounts receivable are highly concentrated.   One customer accounted for approximately 23% of our accounts receivable balance at 
January 26, 2014 . We maintain an allowance for doubtful accounts fo r estimated losses resulting from the inability of our customers to make 
required payments. This allowance consists of an am ount identified for specific customers and an amoun t based on overall estimated exposure. As 
of January 26, 2014 , our allowance for doubtful ac counts receivable was 0.2% of our gross accounts re ceivable balance.  
 
Our cash balances are held in numerous locations th roughout the world, including substantial amounts h eld outside of the United States. As of 
January 26, 2014, we had cash, cash equivalents and  marketable securities of $2.06 billion held within  the United States and $2.61 billion held 
outside of the United States.  Most of the amounts held outside the United States may be repatriated t o the United States but, under current law, 
would be subject to U.S. federal income taxes, less  applicable foreign tax credits.  Further, repatria tion of some foreign balances may be restricted 
by local laws. As of January 26, 2014, we have not provided for U.S. federal and state income taxes on  approximately $1.96 billion of undistributed 
earnings of non- United States subsidiaries, as such earnings are co nsidered indefinitely reinvested outside the United  States.  Although we have no 
current need to do so, if we repatriate foreign ear nings for cash requirements in the United States, w e would incur U.S. federal and state income tax, 
less applicable foreign tax credits, and reduced by  the current amount of our U.S. federal and state n et operating loss and tax credit carryforwards.  
Further, in addition to the $2.06 billion of cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities held wit hin the United States and available to fund our 
U.S. operations and any other U.S. cash needs, we h ave access to external sources of financing if cash  is needed in the United States other than by 
repatriation of foreign earnings where U.S. income tax may otherwise be due.  Accordingly, we do not r easonably expect any material effect on our 
business, as a whole, or to our financial flexibili ty with respect to our current cash balances held o utside of the United States.  
   
Convertible Notes  
On December 2, 2013, we issued $1.5 billion of 1.00 % Convertible Senior Notes, or the Notes, due in 20 18 and concurrently entered into 
separate note hedge and warrant transactions and us ed $14.3 million to repurchase shares of our common  stock from purchasers of the Notes in 
privately negotiated transactions. In addition to u sing the net proceeds to fund the transaction costs , note hedge and warrant transactions, we further 
intend to use the proceeds to repurchase of shares of our common stock and pay cash dividends pursuant  to our recently announced fiscal year 2015 
capital return program, and for general corporate p urposes.  
 
51  Table of Contents  
 
The Notes are unsecured, unsubordinated obligations  of the Company, which pay interest in cash semi- annually at a rate of 1.00% per annum. 
The Notes will mature on December 1, 2018 unless ea rlier repurchased or converted in accordance with t heir terms prior to such date. As of January 
26, 2014, none of the conditions allowing holders o f the Notes to convert had been met and the Notes a re therefore classified as a long- term liability 
on our consolidated balance sheets. Please refer to  Note 11 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial  Statements in Part IV, Item 15 of this Annual 
Report on Form 10-K for further discussion.  
 
Stock Repurchase Program  
 
Our Board of Directors has authorized us to repurch ase up to $3.7 billion of our common stock through January 2016. As of January 26, 2014, 
we had repurchased $2.45 billion of that amount, le aving up to $1.25 billion available under this auth orization through January 2016. We have 
announced our intention to return $1.0 billion to s hareholders in fiscal year 2015 in the form of shar e repurchases and dividends. As part of our 
capital return program, during February 2014 we ent ered into an accelerated share repurchase agreement  to purchase $500.0 million in shares of our 
common stock. Please refer to Note 14 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part IV , Item 15 of this Annual Report on Form 10-
K for further discussion regarding our stock repurc hase program.  
   
Cash Dividend Program  
 
Prior to fiscal year 2013, we had never declared or  paid any dividend on shares of our common stock. O n November 8, 2012, we announced the 
initiation of a quarterly cash dividend program. Th is initial quarterly dividend of $0.075 per share w as equivalent to $0.30 per share on an annual 
basis. On November 7, 2013, we increased our quarte rly cash dividend by 13% to $0.085 per share which was equivalent to $0.34 per share on an 
annual basis. A subsequent cash dividend of $0.085 per share was declared on February 12, 2014, payabl e on March 20, 2014 to all common 
stockholders of record at the close of business on February 27, 2014. In fiscal year 2014 and fiscal y ear 2013, we paid $181.3 million and $46.9 
million , respectively, in dividends to our common stockholders.  
 
Our cash dividend program and the payment of future  cash dividends under that program are subject to c ontinued capital availability and our 
Board of Directors' continuing determination that t he dividend program and the declaration of dividend s thereunder are in the best interests of our 
stockholders and are in compliance with all laws an d agreements of NVIDIA applicable to the declaratio n and payment of cash dividends.  
 
Operating Capital and Capital Expenditure Requireme nts  
   
We believe that our existing cash balances and anti cipated cash flows from operations will be sufficie nt to meet our operating, acquisition, 
stock repurchase, cash dividend and capital require ments for at least the next twelve months. However,  there is no assurance that we will not need 
to raise additional equity or debt financing within  this time frame. Additional financing may not be a vailable on favorable terms or at all and may be 
dilutive to our then- current stockholders. We also may require additiona l capital for other purposes not presently contempl ated. If we are unable to 
obtain sufficient capital, we could be required to curtail capital equipment purchases or research and  development expenditures, which could harm 
our business. Factors that could affect our cash us ed or generated from operations and, as a result, o ur need to seek additional borrowings or capital 
include:  
   
 
We expect to spend approximately $ 150.0 million to  $ 175.0 million for capital expenditures during fiscal year 2015, p rimarily for leasehold 
improvements, emulation equipment, computers and en gineering workstations.    
 
For additional factors see “Item 1A. Risk Factors -  Risks Related to Our Business, Industry and Partne rs - Our revenue may fluctuate while a 
majority of our operating expenses are a factor of multi-year investments ahead of when revenue is received,  which makes our results difficult to 
predict and could cause our results to fall short o f expectations. ”  
    
 
52  •  decreased demand and market acceptance for our p roducts and/or our customers’ products; 
•  inability to successfully develop and produce in  volume production our next- generation products; 
•  competitive pressures resulting in lower than expec ted average selling prices; and 
•  new product announcements or product introductions by our competitors. Table of Contents  
 
Contractual Obligations  
 
The following table summarizes our contractual obli gations as of January 26, 2014 :  
 
 
   
 
   
Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements  
 
During fiscal years 2014 , 2013 and 2012 , we had n o material off-balance sheet arrangements as define d in Regulation S-K 303(a)(4)(ii).  
 
Adoption of New and Recently Issued Accounting Pron ouncements  
 
Please see Note 1  of the Notes to the Consolidated  Financial Statements in Part IV, Item 15 of this A nnual Report on Form 10- K for a 
discussion of adoption of new and recently issued a ccounting pronouncements.  
   
ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES A BOUT MARKET RISK  
 
Investment and Interest Rate Risk  
   
As of January 26, 2014 and January 27, 2013 , we ha d $4.67 billion and $3.73 billion , respectively, in cash, cash equivalents and marke table 
securities. We invest in a variety of financial ins truments, consisting principally of cash and cash e quivalents, asset- backed securities, commercial 
paper, mortgage-backed securities issued by Governm ent-sponsored enterprises, money market funds and debt securities of corporations, 
municipalities and the United States government and  its agencies. As of January 26, 2014 , we did not have any investments in auction- rate 
preferred securities. Our investments are denominat ed in United States dollars.  
   
 
53     Payment Due By Period       
Contractual Obligations  Total    Less than 1 
Year    1-3 Years    4-5 Years    More than 5 
Years    All Other  
   (In thousands)       
1.00% Convertible Senior Notes due 2018 (1)  $ 1,575,000    $ 15,000    $ 30,000    $ 1,530,000    $ —   $ — 
Operating leases (2)  291,848    74,007    131,684    51,464    34,693    — 
Capital lease  27,324    5,168    10,756    11,374    26    — 
Inventory purchase obligations  397,704    397,704    —   —   —   — 
Uncertain tax positions, interest and penalties (3)   119,977    —   —   —   —   119,977  
Capital purchase obligations  41,293    41,293    —   —   —   — 
Retention program (4)  18,090    14,468    3,622              — 
Total contractual obligations  $ 2,471,236    $ 547,640    $ 176,062    $ 1,592,838    $ 34,719    $ 119,977  
(1)  Represents the aggregate principal amount of $ 1,500.0 million and anticipated interest payments o f $75.0 million of the Notes. See Note 
11 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial State ments in Part IV, Item 15 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.  
(2)  The Company includes most of its facilities le ases as well as non- cancelable obligations under certain software licen sing arrangements in 
the operating lease category.  
(3)  Represents unrecognized tax benefits of $120.0 mill ion which consists of $107.1 million plus the relat ed interest and penalties of $12.9 
million recorded in non- current income tax payable as of January 26, 2014.  We are unable to reasonably estimate the timing of  any 
potential tax liability or interest/penalty payment s in individual years due to uncertainties in the u nderlying income tax positions and the 
timing of the effective settlement of such tax posi tions.  
(4)  Represents the remaining portion of a retention pro gram totaling approximately $61.5 million that we i nitiated in fiscal year 2012 in 
connection with our acquisition of Icera. As of Jan uary 26, 2014 , we have made payments of $43.4 million in connect ion with this 
program. The remaining payments will be paid out ov er the next two years.  Table of Contents  
 
All of the cash equivalents and marketable securiti es are treated as “available-for-sale.” Investments in both fixed and floating rate interes t 
earning instruments carry a degree of interest rate  risk. Fixed rate securities may have their market value adversely impacted due to a rise in interest 
rates, while floating rate securities may produce l ess income than expected if interest rates fall. Du e in part to these factors, our future investment 
income may fall short of expectations due to change s in interest rates or if the decline in fair value  of our publicly traded debt or equity investments 
is judged to be other-than- temporary. We may suffer losses in principal if we are forced to sell securities that decline in secur ities market value due 
to changes in interest rates. However, because any debt securities we hold are classified as “availabl e-for-sale,” no gains or losses are realized in our 
Consolidated Statements of Income due to changes in  interest rates unless such securities are sold pri or to maturity or unless declines in value are 
determined to be other-than- temporary. These securities are reported at fair va lue with the related unrealized gains and losses in cluded in 
accumulated other comprehensive income (loss), a co mponent of stockholders’ equity, net of tax.  
   
As of January 26, 2014 , we performed a sensitivity analysis on our floati ng and fixed rate financial investments. According to our analysis, 
parallel shifts in the yield curve of both plus or minus 0.5% would result in changes in fair values f or these investments of approximately $21.5 
million .  
   
Other income and expense could also vary materially  from expectations depending on gains or losses rea lized on the sale or exchange of 
financial instruments; impairment charges related t o debt securities as well as equity and other inves tments; interest rates; and cash, cash equivalent 
and marketable securities balances. Volatility in t he financial markets and economic uncertainty incre ases the risk that the actual amounts realized 
in the future on our financial instruments could di ffer significantly from the fair values currently a ssigned to them. As of January 26, 2014 , our 
investments in government agencies and government s ponsored enterprises represented approximately 42% of our total investment portfolio, while 
the financial sector accounted for approximately 27 % of our total investment portfolio.   Substantially all of our investments are with A/A3 or better 
rated securities.  If the fair value of our investm ents in these sectors was to decline by 2%- 5%, the fair values of these investments would decl ine by 
approximately $56 - $140 million .   
 
Exchange Rate Risk  
   
We consider our direct exposure to foreign exchange  rate fluctuations to be minimal.  Gains or losses from foreign currency remeasurement are 
included in “Other expense, net” in our Consolidated Financial Statements and to dat e have not been significant.  The impact of foreign  currency 
transaction gain (loss) included in determining net  income for fiscal years 2014 , 2013 and 2012 was $ 4.7 million , $(1.5) million and $1.6 million, 
respectively.  Currently, sales and arrangements wi th third-party manufacturers provide for pricing and payment  in United States dollars, and, 
therefore, are not subject to exchange rate fluctua tions. Increases in the value of the United States’  dollar relative to other currencies would make 
our products more expensive, which could negatively  impact our ability to compete. Conversely, decreas es in the value of the United States’ dollar 
relative to other currencies could result in our su ppliers raising their prices in order to continue d oing business with us. Fluctuations in currency 
exchange rates could harm our business in the futur e.   
   
We may enter into certain transactions such as forw ard contracts which are designed to reduce the futu re potential impact resulting from 
changes in foreign currency exchange rates. There w ere no forward exchange contracts outstanding at Ja nuary 26, 2014 .  
 
ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA   
   
The information required by this Item is set forth in our Consolidated Financial Statements and Notes thereto included in this Annual Report on 
Form 10-K.  
   
ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTAN TS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE  
 
None.  
   
 
54  Table of Contents  
 
ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES  
   
Controls and Procedures  
   
Disclosure Controls and Procedures  
   
Based on their evaluation as of January 26, 2014 , our management, including our Chief Executive Off icer and Chief Financial Officer, has 
concluded that our disclosure controls and procedur es (as defined in Rule 13a- 15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as  amended, or the 
Exchange Act) were effective to provide reasonable assurance.  
   
Management’s Annual Report on Internal Control Over  Financial Reporting  
   
Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financia l reporting, as such term is defined in 
Exchange Act Rule 13a- 15(f). Under the supervision and with the participa tion of our management, including our Chief Executi ve Officer and 
Chief Financial Officer, we conducted an evaluation  of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of January 26, 2014 
based on the criteria set forth in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (1992) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations  of the 
Treadway Commission. Based on our evaluation under the criteria set forth in Internal Control — Integrated Framework , our management 
concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of January 26, 2014 .  
   
The effectiveness of our internal control over fina ncial reporting as of January 26, 2014 has been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, an 
independent registered public accounting firm, as s tated in its report which is included herein.  
   
Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reportin g  
   
There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during our last fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are 
reasonably likely to materially affect, our interna l control over financial reporting.  
   
Inherent Limitations on Effectiveness of Controls  
   
Our management, including our Chief Executive Offic er and Chief Financial Officer, does not expect tha t our disclosure controls and 
procedures or our internal controls, will prevent a ll error and all fraud. A control system, no matter  how well conceived and operated, can provide 
only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the o bjectives of the control system are met. Further, t he design of a control system must reflect the 
fact that there are resource constraints, and the b enefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in  
all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within NVIDIA 
have been detected.  
   
ITEM 9B.  OTHER INFORMATION  
   
None.  
 
55  Table of Contents  
 
PART III  
   
Certain information required by Part III is omitted  from this report because we will file with the SEC  a definitive proxy statement pursuant to 
Regulation 14A, or the 2014 Proxy Statement, not la ter than 120 days after the fiscal year ended Janua ry 26, 2014 , and certain information 
included therein is incorporated herein by referenc e.  
 
ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORAT E GOVERNANCE  
   
Identification of Directors  
   
Reference is made to the information regarding dire ctors appearing under the heading “Proposal 1 - Ele ction of Directors” in our 2014 Proxy 
Statement, which information is hereby incorporated  by reference.  
   
Identification of Executive Officers  
   
Reference is made to the information regarding exec utive officers appearing under the heading “Executi ve Officers of the Registrant” in Part I 
of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, which informati on is hereby incorporated by reference.  
   
Identification of Audit Committee and Financial Exp erts  
   
Reference is made to the information regarding dire ctors appearing under the heading “ Report of the Audit Committee of the Board of 
Directors” and “Information about the Board of Dire ctors and Corporate Governance” in our 2014 Proxy Statement, which information is hereby 
incorporated by reference.  
   
Material Changes to Procedures for Recommending Dir ectors  
   
Reference is made to the information regarding dire ctors appearing under the heading “ Information about the Board of Directors and Corpor ate 
Governance” in our 2014 Proxy Statement, which info rmation is hereby incorporated by reference.  
   
Compliance with Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act  
 
Reference is made to the information appearing unde r the heading “Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership R eporting Compliance” in our 2014 
Proxy Statement, which information is hereby incorp orated by reference.  
   
Code of Conduct  
   
Reference is made to the information appearing unde r the heading “Information about the Board of Direc tors and Corporate Governance -
Code of Conduct” in our 2014 Proxy Statement, which  information is hereby incorporated by reference. T he full text of our “Code” and “ Financial 
Team Code” are published on the Investor Relations portion of our web site, under Corporate Governance , at www.nvidia.com .  The contents of our 
website are not a part of this Annual Report on For m 10-K.  
     
ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION  
   
The information required by this item is hereby inc orporated by reference from the sections entitled “ Executive 
Compensation”, “Compensation Committee Interlocks a nd Insider Participation”, “Director Compensation” and “Compensation Committee 
Report” in our 2014 Proxy Statement.  
 
ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL O WNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED 
STOCKHOLDER MATTERS  
 
Ownership of NVIDIA Securities  
   
The information required by this item is hereby inc orporated by reference from the section entitled “ Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial 
Owners and Management” in our 2014 Proxy Statement.   
 
 
56  Table of Contents  
 
Equity Compensation Plan Information  
             
Information regarding our equity compensation plans , including both stockholder approved plans and non -stockholder approved plans, will be 
contained in our 2014 Proxy Statement under the cap tion ”Equity Compensation Plan Information,” and is  hereby incorporated by reference.  
 
ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACT IONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE  
   
The information required by this item is hereby inc orporated by reference from the sections entitled “ Review of Transactions with Related 
Persons” and “Information about the Board of Direct ors and Corporate Governance - Independence of the Members of the Board of Directors” in 
our 2014 Proxy Statement.  
 
ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES  
   
The information required by this item is hereby inc orporated by reference from the section entitled “ Fees Billed by the Independent Registered 
Public Accounting Firm” in our 2014 Proxy Statement .   
 
57  Table of Contents  
 
PART IV  
   
ITEM 15.                      EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL S TATEMENT SCHEDULE  
               
 
 
58             Page  
(a)  1.    Consolidated Financial Statements     
          
        Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm, PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP  59 
          
        Consolidated Statements of Income for the years end ed January 26, 2014, January 27, 2013, and 
January 29, 2012  60 
          
        Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for  the years ended January 26, 2014, January 
27, 2013, and January 29, 2012  61 
          
        Consolidated Balance Sheets as of January 26, 2014 and January 27, 2013  62 
          
        Consolidated Statements of Stockholders’ Equity for  the years ended January 26, 2014, January 
27, 2013, and January 29, 2012  63 
          
        Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years  ended January 26, 2014, January 27, 2013, 
and January 29, 2012  64 
          
        Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements  66 
          
   2.    Financial Statement Schedule    
          
        Schedule II Valuation and Qualifying Accounts  100 
          
   3.    Exhibits    
          
        The exhibits listed in the accompanying index to ex hibits are filed or incorporated by reference as 
a part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.  101 Table of Contents  
 
REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM    
 
To the   Stockholders and Board of Directors of NVIDIA Corpo ration:  
 
In our opinion, the accompanying consolidated finan cial statements listed in the index appearing under  Item 15(a)1. present fairly, in all material 
respects, the financial position of NVIDIA Corporat ion and its subsidiaries at January 26, 2014 and Ja nuary 27, 2013 , and the results of their 
operations and their cash flows for each of the thr ee years in the period ended January 26, 2014 in conformity with accounting principles generally 
accepted in the United States of America.  In addit ion, in our opinion, the financial statement schedu le listed in the index appearing under Item 15 
(a)2. presents fairly, in all material respects, th e information set forth therein when read in conjun ction with the related consolidated financial 
statements.  Also in our opinion, the Company maint ained, in all material respects, effective internal  control over financial reporting as of 
January 26, 2014 , based on criteria established in  Internal Control - Integrated Framework (1992) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring 
Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO).  T he Company's management is responsible for these fi nancial statements and financial 
statement schedule, for maintaining effective inter nal control over financial reporting and for its as sessment of the effectiveness of internal control 
over financial reporting, included in Management's Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Re porting appearing under Item 9A.  Our 
responsibility is to express opinions on these fina ncial statements, on the financial statement schedu le, and on the Company's internal control over 
financial reporting based on our integrated audits.   We conducted our audits in accordance with the st andards of the Public Company Accounting 
Oversight Board (United States).  Those standards r equire that we plan and perform the audits to obtai n reasonable assurance about whether the 
financial statements are free of material misstatem ent and whether effective internal control over fin ancial reporting was maintained in all material 
respects.  Our audits of the financial statements i ncluded examining, on a test basis, evidence suppor ting the amounts and disclosures in the 
financial statements, assessing the accounting prin ciples used and significant estimates made by manag ement, and evaluating the overall financial 
statement presentation.  Our audit of internal cont rol over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial 
reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakn ess exists, and testing and evaluating the design a nd operating effectiveness of internal control 
based on the assessed risk.  Our audits also includ ed performing such other procedures as we considere d necessary in the circumstances. We believe 
that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions.  
 
A company’ s internal control over financial reporting is a pr ocess designed to provide reasonable assurance rega rding the reliability of financial 
reporting and the preparation of financial statemen ts for external purposes in accordance with general ly accepted accounting principles.  A 
company’ s internal control over financial reporting include s those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to  the maintenance of records that, in 
reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect th e transactions and dispositions of the assets of th e company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that 
transactions are recorded as necessary to permit pr eparation of financial statements in accordance wit h generally accepted accounting principles, 
and that receipts and expenditures of the company a re being made only in accordance with authorization s of management and directors of the 
company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance reg arding prevention or timely detection of unauthoriz ed acquisition, use, or disposition of the 
company’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.  
 
Because of its inherent limitations, internal contr ol over financial reporting may not prevent or dete ct misstatements.  Also, projections of any 
evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are s ubject to the risk that controls may become inadequ ate because of changes in conditions, or that 
the degree of compliance with the policies or proce dures may deteriorate.  
 
/s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP  
 
San Jose, CA  
March 12, 2014  
 
 
59  Table of Contents  
 
NVIDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES  
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME  
(In thousands, except per share data)  
 
    
See accompanying notes to the consolidated financia l statements.  
 
 
60     Year Ended  
   January 26,  
2014    January 27,  
2013    January 29,  
2012  
Revenue  $ 4,130,162    $ 4,280,159    $ 3,997,930  
Cost of revenue  1,862,399    2,053,816    1,941,413  
Gross profit  2,267,763    2,226,343    2,056,517  
Operating expenses:               
Research and development  1,335,834    1,147,282    1,002,605  
Sales, general and administrative  435,702    430,822    405,613  
Total operating expenses  1,771,536    1,578,104    1,408,218  
Income from operations  496,227    648,239    648,299  
Interest income  17,119    19,908    19,149  
Interest expense  (10,443 )   (3,294 )   (3,089 ) 
Other income (expense), net  7,351    (2,814 )   (963 ) 
Income before income tax  510,254    662,039    663,396  
Income tax expense  70,264    99,503    82,306  
Net income  $ 439,990    $ 562,536    $ 581,090  
            
Net income per share:               
Basic  $ 0.75    $ 0.91    $ 0.96  
Diluted  $ 0.74    $ 0.90    $ 0.94  
            
Weighted average shares used in per share computati on:               
Basic  587,893    619,324    603,646  
Diluted  594,517    624,957    616,371  
            
Cash dividends declared and paid per common share  $0.310   $0.075   $ — Table of Contents  
 
NVIDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES  
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME  
(In thousands)  
 
See accompanying notes to the consolidated financia l statements.  
 
 
61       Year Ended  
     January 26, 2014   January 27, 2013   January 29, 2012 
Net income    $ 439,990    $ 562,536    $ 581,090  
Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax:                 
Net change in unrealized gains (losses) on availabl e-for-sale securities, net of tax 
effect of $(134), $126, and $937 in 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively    (3,555 )   (303 )   755  
Reclassification adjustments for net realized gains  on available-for- sale securities 
included in net income, net of tax effect of $834, $178, and $222 in 2014, 2013 
and 2012, respectively    (1,549 )   (330 )   (413 ) 
Other comprehensive income (loss)    $ (5,104 )   $ (633 )   $ 342  
Total comprehensive income    $ 434,886    $ 561,903    $ 581,432  Table of Contents  
 
NVIDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES  
CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS  
(In thousands, except share and per share data)  
 
   
See accompanying notes to the consolidated financia l statements.  
 
 
62     January 26, 
2014    January 27, 2013  
ASSETS          
Current assets:          
Cash and cash equivalents  $ 1,151,587    $ 732,786  
Marketable securities  3,520,223    2,995,097  
Accounts receivable, less allowances of $14,959 in 2014 and $16,595 in 2013  426,357    454,252  
Inventories  387,765    412,467  
Prepaid expenses and other  70,285    76,920  
Deferred income taxes  68,494    103,736  
Total current assets  5,624,711    4,775,258  
Property and equipment, net  582,740    576,144  
Goodwill  643,179    641,030  
Intangible assets, net  296,012    312,332  
Other assets  104,252    107,481  
Total assets  $ 7,250,894    $  6,412,245  
LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY          
Current liabilities:          
Accounts payable  $ 324,391    $ 356,428  
Accrued liabilities and other  621,105    619,795  
Total current liabilities  945,496    976,223  
        
Long-term debt  1,356,375    — 
Other long-term liabilities  475,125    589,321  
Capital lease obligations, long-term  17,500    18,998  
Commitments and contingencies - see  Note 12  —   — 
Stockholders’ equity:          
Preferred stock, $.001 par value; 2,000,000 shares authorized; none issued  —   — 
Common stock, $.001 par value; 2,000,000,000 shares  authorized; 735,242,458 shares issued and 
567,996,734 outstanding in 2014; 720,153,197 shares  issued and 616,756,134 outstanding in 2013  732    720  
Additional paid-in capital  3,483,342    3,193,623  
Treasury stock, at cost (167,245,724 shares in 2014  and 103,397,063 shares in 2013)  (2,537,295 )   (1,622,709 ) 
Accumulated other comprehensive income  4,877    9,981  
Retained earnings  3,504,742    3,246,088  
Total stockholders' equity  4,456,398    4,827,703  
Total liabilities and stockholders' equity  $ 7,250,894    $  6,412,245  Table of Contents  
 
NVIDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES  
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY  
(In thousands, except share data)  
 See accompanying notes to the consolidated financi al statements.   
 
63     Common  Stock  
Outstanding    Additional    Treasury    Accumulated 
Other 
Comprehensive   Retained    Total 
Stockholders' 
   Shares 
                                        Amount    Paid-in 
Capital     Stock     Income     Earnings     Equity  
Balances, January 30, 2011  588,555,701   $ 677   $ 2,500,577   $ (1,479,392 )  $ 10,272   $ 2,149,328    $ 3,181,462  
Other comprehensive income  —  —  —  —  342   —   342  
Net income  —  —  —  —    581,090    581,090  
Issuance of common stock from stock plans   24,753,362   23   213,346   —  —  —   213,369  
Tax withholding related to vesting of 
restricted stock units  (1,117,651 )   —  —  (17,512 )  —  —   (17,512 )  
Tax benefit from stock-based compensation    —  —  50,475   —  —  —   50,475  
Stock-based compensation  —  —  136,498   —  —  —   136,498  
Balances, January 29, 2012  612,191,412   700   2,900,896   (1,496,904 )  10,614   2,730,418    4,145,724  
Other comprehensive loss  —  —  —  —  (633 )   —   (633 )  
Net income  —  —  —  —    562,536    562,536  
Issuance of common stock from stock plans   14,800,959   20   90,721   —  —  —   90,741  
Tax withholding related to vesting of 
restricted stock units  (1,836,097 )   —  —  (25,805 )  —  —   (25,805 )  
Stock repurchase  (8,400,140 )   —  —  (100,000 )  —  —   (100,000 )  
Cash dividends declared and paid ($0.075 per 
common share)  —  —  —  —  —  (46,866 )   (46,866 )  
Tax benefit from stock-based compensation    —  —  64,905   —  —  —   64,905  
Stock-based compensation  —  —  137,101   —  —  —   137,101  
Balances, January 27, 2013  616,756,134   720   3,193,623   (1,622,709 )  9,981   3,246,088    4,827,703  
Other comprehensive loss  —  —  —  —  (5,104 )   —   (5,104 )  
Net income  —  —  —  —  —  439,990    439,990  
Issuance of common stock from stock plans   15,088,872   12   97,442   —  —  —   97,454  
Tax withholding related to vesting of 
restricted stock units  (1,944,391 )   —  —  (27,282 )  —  —   (27,282 )  
Stock repurchase  (61,903,881 )   —  —  (887,304 )    —   (887,304 )  
Discount on convertible notes  —   —   125,725    —   —   —   125,725  
Purchase of convertible note hedges  —   —   (167,100 )   —   —   —   (167,100 )  
Proceeds from the sale of common stock 
warrants  —   —   59,100    —   —   —   59,100  
Deferred tax asset associated with convertible 
notes  —   —   14,481    —   —   —   14,481  
Cash dividends declared and paid ($0.310 per 
common share)  —  —  —  —  —  (181,336 )   (181,336 )  
Tax benefit from stock-based compensation    —  —  23,827   —  —  —   23,827  
Stock-based compensation  —  —  136,244   —  —  —   136,244  
Balances, January 26, 2014  567,996,734   $ 732   $ 3,483,342   $ (2,537,295 )  $ 4,877   $ 3,504,742    $ 4,456,398  Table of Contents  
 
 
NVIDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES  
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS  
(In thousands)  
 
 
 
64          Year Ended        
   January 26, 2014    January 27, 2013     January 29, 2012  
Cash flows from operating activities:                
Net income  $ 439,990    $ 562,536     $ 581,090  
Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash pro vided by operating activities:                
Stock-based compensation expense  136,295    136,662     136,354  
Depreciation and amortization  239,148    226,235     204,205  
Amortization of debt discount  4,600    —    — 
Gain on sale of long-lived assets and investments  (10,471 )    —    — 
Deferred income taxes  15,430    31,860     19,056  
Tax benefit from stock-based compensation  (25,801 )    (68,710 )     (52,793 )  
Other  23,718    47,911     19,095  
Changes in operating assets and liabilities, net of  effects of acquisitions:                
Accounts receivable  28,852    (118,940 )     26,236  
Inventories  24,651    (78,949 )     18,884  
Prepaid expenses and other current assets  6,729    (20,290 )     (14,803 )  
Deposits and other assets  4,823    8,567     (70,694 )  
Accounts payable  (20,382 )    10,885     35,708  
Accrued liabilities and other long-term liabilities   (32,436 )    86,405     6,818  
Net cash provided by operating activities  835,146    824,172     909,156  
Cash flows from investing activities:                
Purchases of marketable securities  (3,065,404 )    (2,378,445 )     (1,964,898 )  
Proceeds from sales of marketable securities  1,926,817    854,993     656,171  
Proceeds from maturities of marketable securities  585,150    962,417     654,572  
Purchases of property and equipment and intangible assets  (255,186 )    (183,309 )     (138,735 )  
Proceeds from sale of long-lived assets and investm ents  24,781    —    — 
Acquisition of businesses, net of cash and cash equ ivalents  (17,145 )    —    (348,884 )  
Other  (4,950 )    352     (1,590 )  
Net cash used in investing activities  (805,937 )    (743,992 )     (1,143,364 )  
Cash flows from financing activities:                
Proceeds from issuance of convertible notes, net  1,477,500    —    — 
Purchase of convertible note hedges  (167,100 )    —    — 
Proceeds from the sale of common stock warrants  59,100    —    — 
Proceeds from issuance of common stock under employ ee stock plans  70,170    64,935     195,857  
Payments related to repurchases of common stock  (887,304 )    (100,000 )     — 
Dividends paid  (181,336 )    (46,866 )     — 
Tax benefit from stock-based compensation  25,801    68,710     52,793  
Payments under capital lease obligations  (2,239 )    (2,049 )     (1,608 )  
Other  (5,000 )    —    (10,319 )  
Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities   389,592    (15,270 )     236,723  
Change in cash and cash equivalents  418,801    64,910     2,515  
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period  732,786    667,876     665,361  
Cash and cash equivalents at end of period  $ 1,151,587    $ 732,786     $ 667,876  Table of Contents  
 
 
See accompanying notes to the consolidated financia l statements.  
 
65     Year Ended  
   January 26, 2014     January 27, 2013    January 29, 2012  
Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information:                
Cash (received) paid for income taxes, net  $ 14,615     $ (38,608 )    $ 58,328  
Cash paid for interest on capital lease obligations   $ 2,518     $ 2,772    $ 3,008  
            
Non-cash investing and financing activities:                
Change in unrealized gains (losses) from marketable  securities  $ (5,104 )     $ (633 )    $ 342  
Assets acquired by assuming related liabilities  $ 3,327     $ 45,195    $ 15,913  Table of Contents  
 
NVIDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES  
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
  
Note 1 - Organization and Summary of Significant Ac counting Policies  
   
Our Company  
 
NVIDIA is a visual computing company. In a world in creasingly filled with visual displays, our graphic s technologies let our customers 
interact with the world of digital ideas, informati on and entertainment with an efficiency that no oth er communication medium can match. 
NVIDIA's research and development in visual computi ng has yielded approximately 7,000 patent assets, i ncluding inventions essential to modern 
computing.  
Our businesses are based on two technologies with a  consistent underlying graphics architecture: the G PU and the Tegra processor.  
GPUs, each with billions of transistors, are the en gines of visual computing and among the world's mos t complex processors. We have GPU 
product brands aimed at specific users and applicat ions: GeForce for gamers; Quadro for designers; Tes la for researchers; and GRID for cloud-
based graphics.  
The Tegra processor is a SOC integrating an entire computer on a single chip. Tegra processors incorpo rate GPUs and multi- core CPUs 
together with audio, video and input/output capabil ities. They can also be integrated with baseband pr ocessors to add voice and data 
communication. Our Tegra SOC conserves power while delivering state-of-the-art graphics and multimedia  processing.  
Headquartered in Santa Clara, California, we were i ncorporated in California in April 1993 and reincor porated in Delaware in April 1998.  
 
All references to “NVIDIA,” “we,” “us,” “our” or th e “Company” mean NVIDIA Corporation and its subsidiaries, excep t where it is made 
clear that the term means only the parent company.  
 
Fiscal Year  
   
We operate on a 52- or a 53-week year, ending on th e last Sunday in January. Fiscal years 2014 , 2013 and 2012 were 52-week years.  
   
Reclassifications  
 
Certain prior fiscal year balances have been reclas sified to conform to the current fiscal year presen tation.  
 
Principles of Consolidation  
   
Our consolidated financial statements include the a ccounts of NVIDIA Corporation and its wholly- owned subsidiaries. All material 
intercompany balances and transactions have been el iminated in consolidation.      
 
Use of Estimates  
   
The preparation of financial statements in conformi ty with accounting principles generally accepted in  the United States, or U.S.GAAP, 
requires management to make estimates and assumptio ns that affect the reported amounts of assets and l iabilities and disclosures of contingent 
assets and liabilities at the date of the financial  statements and the reported amounts of revenue and  expenses during the reporting period. Actual 
results could differ from those estimates. On an on -going basis, we evaluate our estimates, including t hose related to revenue recognition, cash 
equivalents and marketable securities, accounts rec eivable, inventories, income taxes, goodwill, stock -based compensation, warranty liabilities, 
litigation, investigation and settlement costs and other contingencies. These estimates are based on h istorical facts and various other assumptions 
that we believe are reasonable.    
 
 
66  Table of Contents  
NVIDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES  
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
(Continued)  
 
 
Revenue Recognition  
   
Product Revenue  
 
We recognize revenue from product sales when persua sive evidence of an arrangement exists, the product  has been delivered, the price is fixed 
or determinable and collection of the related recei vable is reasonably assured. For most sales, we use  a binding purchase order and in certain cases 
we use a contractual agreement as evidence of an ar rangement. We consider delivery to occur upon shipm ent provided title and risk of loss have 
passed to the customer. At the point of sale, we as sess whether the arrangement fee is fixed or determ inable and whether collection is reasonably 
assured. If we determine that collection of a fee i s not reasonably assured, we defer the fee and reco gnize revenue at the time collection becomes 
reasonably assured, which is generally upon receipt  of payment.  
Our policy on sales to certain distributors with ri ghts of return is to defer recognition of revenue a nd related cost of revenue until the 
distributors resell the product, as the level of re turns cannot be reasonably estimated.  
Our customer programs primarily involve rebates, wh ich are designed to serve as sales incentives to re sellers of our products in various target 
markets. We account for rebates as a reduction of r evenue and accrue for 100% of the potential rebates  and do not apply a breakage factor. While 
we have a long history of rebate arrangements with OEMs, we believe we are unable to apply our histori cal experience to reliably estimate the 
amount of rebates that will eventually be claimed b y individual OEMs. The OEMs are not our direct cust omers and the quantity and mix of demand 
they place on CEM/ODMs may shift as we introduce ne w generations and iterations of products and as we experience changes in new competitor 
offerings. In addition, we typically find that appr oximately 95% of the rebates we accrue each year ar e eventually claimed, which is substantially 
close to 100%, and that this percentage varies by p rogram and by customer. We recognize a liability fo r these rebates at the later of the date at 
which we record the related revenue or the date at which we offer the rebate. Rebates typically expire  six months from the date of the original sale, 
unless we reasonably believe that the customer inte nds to claim the rebate. Unclaimed rebates are reve rsed to revenue, the amount of which 
typically represents approximately 0.5% of total re venue.  
 
Our customer programs also include marketing develo pment funds, or MDFs.  MDFs represent monies paid t o retailers, system builders, 
original equipment manufacturers, or OEMs, distribu tors and add- in card partners that are earmarked for market segm ent development and 
expansion and typically are designed to support our  partners’ activities while also promoting NVIDIA products. De pending on market conditions, 
we may take actions to increase amounts offered und er customer programs, possibly resulting in an incr emental reduction of revenue at the time 
such programs are offered. We account for MDFs as a  reduction of revenue and apply a breakage factor t o certain types of MDF program accruals 
for which we believe we can make a reasonable and r eliable estimate of the amount that will ultimately  be unclaimed. MDF amounts that have been 
previously recorded against revenue and subsequentl y expired unclaimed are reversed to revenue. Such a mounts have not been significant.  
 
We also record a reduction to revenue by establishi ng a sales return allowance for estimated product r eturns at the time revenue is recognized, 
based primarily on historical return rates. However , if product returns for a particular fiscal period  exceed historical return rates we may determine 
that additional sales return allowances are require d to properly reflect our estimated exposure for pr oduct returns.  
 
License and Development Revenue  
 
For license arrangements that require significant c ustomization of our intellectual property component s, we generally recognize the related 
revenue over the period that services are performed . For most license and service arrangements, we det ermine progress to completion based on 
actual direct labor hours incurred to date as a per centage of the estimated total direct labor hours r equired to complete the project. We periodically 
evaluate the actual status of each project to ensur e that the estimates to complete each contract rema in accurate. A provision for estimated losses on 
contracts is made in the period in which the loss b ecomes probable and can be reasonably estimated. Co sts incurred in advance of revenue 
recognized are recorded as deferred costs on uncomp leted contracts. If the amount billed exceeds the a mount of revenue recognized, the excess 
amount is recorded as deferred revenue. Revenue rec ognized in any period is dependent on our progress toward completion of projects in progress. 
Significant management judgment and discretion are used to estimate total direct labor hours. Any chan ges in or deviations from these estimates 
could have a material effect on the amount of reven ue we recognize in any period.  
 
For license arrangements that do not require signif icant customization but where we are obligated to p rovide further deliverables over the term 
of the license agreement, we record revenue over th e life of the license term, with consideration rece ived in advance of the performance period 
classified as deferred revenue .  
 
67  Table of Contents  
NVIDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES  
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
(Continued)  
 
 
 
Royalty revenue is recognized related to the distri bution or sale of products that use our technologie s under license agreements with third 
parties.  We recognize royalty revenue upon receipt  of a confirmation of earned royalties and when col lectability is reasonably assured from the 
applicable licensee.  
 
Advertising Expenses  
We expense advertising costs in the period in which  they are incurred. Advertising expenses for fiscal  years 2014 , 2013 and 2012 were $ 13.1 
million , $9.2 million and $8.4 million , respectiv ely.   
 
Rent Expense  
   
We recognize rent expense on a straight-line basis over the lease period and accrue for rent expense i ncurred, but not paid.  
   
Product Warranties  
   
We generally offer limited warranty to end- users that ranges from one to three years for produ cts in order to repair or replace products for any 
manufacturing defects or hardware component failure s. Cost of revenue includes the estimated cost of p roduct warranties that are calculated at the 
point of revenue recognition. Under limited circums tances, we may offer an extended limited warranty t o customers for certain products. We also 
accrue for known warranty and indemnification issue s if a loss is probable and can be reasonably estim ated.  
 
Stock-based Compensation  
        
We measure stock- based compensation expense based on the estimated f air value of equity awards at the grant date, and r ecognize the expense 
using a straight- line attribution method over the requisite employee  service period. We estimate the fair value of empl oyee stock options on the date 
of grant using a binomial model. We use the closing  trading price of our common stock on the date of g rant, minus a dividend yield discount, as the 
fair value of awards of restricted stock units. The  fair value of our employee stock purchase plan is calculated using the Black- Scholes model.  Our 
stock-based compensation for employee stock purchas e plan is expensed using an accelerated amortizatio n model.  
Litigation, Investigation and Settlement Costs  
   
From time to time, we are involved in legal actions  and/or investigations by regulatory bodies. We are  aggressively defending our current 
litigation matters. However, there are many uncerta inties associated with any litigation or investigat ion, and we cannot be certain that these actions 
or other third- party claims against us will be resolved without li tigation, fines and/or substantial settlement payme nts. If that occurs, our business, 
financial condition and results of operations could  be materially and adversely affected. If informati on becomes available that causes us to 
determine that a loss in any of our pending litigat ion, investigations or settlements is probable, and  we can reasonably estimate the loss associated 
with such events, we will record the loss in accord ance with U.S. GAAP. However, the actual liability in any such litigation or investigation may be 
materially different from our estimates, which coul d require us to record additional costs.  
 
Foreign Currency Remeasurement  
   
We use the United States dollar as our functional c urrency for all of our subsidiaries. Foreign curren cy monetary assets and liabilities are 
remeasured into United States dollars at end-of-per iod exchange rates. Non- monetary assets and liabilities such as property an d equipment, and 
equity are remeasured at historical exchange rates.  Revenue and expenses are remeasured at average exc hange rates in effect during each period, 
except for those expenses related to the previously  noted balance sheet amounts, which are remeasured at historical exchange rates. Gains or losses 
from foreign currency re-measurement are included i n “Other income (expense), net” in our Consolidated Statements of Income and to dat e have 
not been significant.  
 
The impact of gain or loss from foreign currency re measurement included in determining other income (e xpense), net for fiscal years 2014 , 
2013 and 2012 was $ 4.7 million , $ (1.5) million a nd $ 1.6 million , respectively.    
 
 
68  Table of Contents  
NVIDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES  
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
(Continued)  
 
 
Income Taxes  
   
We recognize federal, state and foreign current tax  liabilities or assets based on our estimate of tax es payable or refundable in the current fiscal 
year by tax jurisdiction. We recognize federal, sta te and foreign deferred tax assets or liabilities, as appropriate, for our estimate of future tax effe cts 
attributable to temporary differences and carryforw ards; and we record a valuation allowance to reduce  any deferred tax assets by the amount of any 
tax benefits that, based on available evidence and judgment, are not expected to be realized.  
United States income tax has not been provided on a  portion of earnings of our non- U.S. subsidiaries to the extent that such earnings are 
considered to be indefinitely reinvested.  
Our calculation of current and deferred tax assets and liabilities is based on certain estimates and j udgments and involves dealing with 
uncertainties in the application of complex tax law s. Our estimates of current and deferred tax assets  and liabilities may change based, in part, on 
added certainty or finality to an anticipated outco me, changes in accounting standards or tax laws in the United States, or foreign jurisdictions 
where we operate, or changes in other facts or circ umstances. In addition, we recognize liabilities fo r potential United States and foreign income tax 
contingencies based on our estimate of whether, and  the extent to which, additional taxes may be due. If we determine that payment of these 
amounts is unnecessary or if the recorded tax liabi lity is less than our current assessment, we may be  required to recognize an income tax benefit or 
additional income tax expense in our financial stat ements, accordingly.  
As of January 26, 2014, we had a valuation allowanc e of $244.5 million related to state and certain foreign deferred tax a ssets that management 
determined are not likely to be realized due, in pa rt, to projections of future taxable income and pot ential utilization limitations of tax attributes 
acquired as a result of stock ownership changes.  T o the extent realization of the deferred tax assets  becomes more-likely-than- not, we would 
recognize such deferred tax asset as an income tax benefit during the period.  
Our deferred tax assets do not include the excess t ax benefit related to stock- based compensation that are a component of our fede ral and state 
net operating loss and research tax credit carryfor wards in the amount of $427.9 million as of January 26, 2014. Consistent with prior years , the 
excess tax benefit reflected in our net operating l oss and research tax credit carryforwards will be a ccounted for as a credit to stockholders' equity, i f 
and when realized.  In determining if and when exce ss tax benefits have been realized, we have elected  to utilize the with-and- without approach 
with respect to such excess tax benefits. We have a lso elected to ignore the indirect tax effects of s tock-based compensation deductions for financial 
and accounting reporting purposes, and specifically  to recognize the full effect of the research tax c redit in income from operations.  
We recognize the benefit from a tax position only i f it is more-likely-than- not that the position would be sustained upon audit  based solely on 
the technical merits of the tax position. Our polic y is to include interest and penalties related to u nrecognized tax benefits as a component of income 
tax expense. Please refer to Note 13 of these Notes  to the Consolidated Financial Statements for addit ional information.   
   
Comprehensive Income  
   
Comprehensive income consists of net income and oth er comprehensive income (loss). Other comprehensive  income (loss) components 
include unrealized gains (losses) on available-for- sale securities, net of tax.  
 
Net Income Per Share  
   
Basic net income per share is computed using the we ighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period. Diluted net 
income per share is computed using the weighted ave rage number of common and potentially dilutive shar es outstanding during the period, using 
the treasury stock method. Under the treasury stock  method, the effect of stock options outstanding is  not included in the computation of diluted net 
income per share for periods when their effect is a nti-dilutive. Additionally, we issued convertible notes  with a net settlement feature that requires 
us, upon conversion, to settle the principal amount  of debt for cash and the conversion premium for ca sh or shares of our common stock. Our 
convertible notes, note hedges, and related warrant s contain various conversion features, which are fu rther described in Note 11 of these Notes to 
the Consolidated Financial Statements. The potentia lly dilutive shares resulting from the convertible notes and warrants under the treasury stock 
method will be included in the calculation of dilut ed income per share when their inclusion is dilutiv e. However, unless actually exercised, the note 
hedges will not be included in the calculation of d iluted net income per share, as their pre-exercised  effect would be anti- dilutive under the treasury 
stock method.  
 
 
69  Table of Contents  
NVIDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES  
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
(Continued)  
 
 
Cash and Cash Equivalents  
   
We consider all highly liquid investments that are readily convertible into cash and have an original maturity of three months or less at the time 
of purchase to be cash equivalents. As of January 2 6, 2014 and January 27, 2013 , our cash and cash eq uivalents were $1,151.6 million and $732.8 
million , respectively, which include $ 307.9 milli on and $195.8 million invested in money market fund s for fiscal year 2014 and fiscal year 2013 , 
respectively.  
 
Marketable Securities  
   
Marketable securities consist primarily of highly l iquid investments with maturities of greater than t hree months when purchased.  We 
generally classify our marketable securities at the  date of acquisition as available-for- sale. These securities are reported at fair value w ith the related 
unrealized gains and losses included in accumulated  other comprehensive income, a component of stockho lders’ equity, net of tax.  Any unrealized 
losses which are considered to be other-than- temporary impairments are recorded in the other inc ome and expense section of our consolidated 
statements of income.  Realized gains and losses on  the sale of marketable securities are determined u sing the specific- identification method and 
recorded in the other income and expense section of  our consolidated statements of income.  
 
All of our available-for- sale investments are subject to a periodic impairme nt review. We record a charge to earnings when a de cline in fair 
value is significantly below cost basis and judged to be other-than- temporary, or have other indicators of impairments.  If the fair value of an 
available-for-sale debt instrument is less than its  amortized cost basis, an other-than- temporary impairment is triggered in circumstances where 
(1) we intend to sell the instrument, (2) it is mor e likely than not that we will be required to sell the instrument before recovery of its amortized cos t 
basis, or (3) a credit loss exists where we do not expect to recover the entire amortized cost basis o f the instrument. If we intend to sell or it is mor e 
likely than not that we will be required to sell th e available-for- sale debt instrument before recovery of its amortiz ed cost basis, we recognize an 
other-than-temporary impairment in earnings equal t o the entire difference between the debt instrument s’ amortized cost basis and its fair value. For 
available-for-sale debt instruments that are consid ered other-than- temporarily impaired due to the existence of a cred it loss, if we do not intend to 
sell and it is not more likely than not that we wil l be required to sell the instrument before recover y of its remaining amortized cost basis (amortized 
cost basis less any current- period credit loss), we separate the amount of the impairment into the amount that is credit related a nd the amount due to 
all other factors. The credit loss component is rec ognized in earnings while loss related to all other  factors is recorded as other comprehensive 
income.  
   
We performed an impairment review of our investment  portfolio as of January 26, 2014 .  Based on our impairment review and having 
considered the guidance of the relevant accounting literature, we did not record any other than tempor ary impairment charges during fiscal year 
2014 .  We concluded that our investments were appropria tely valued and that no other than temporary impair ment charges were necessary on our 
portfolio of available for sale investments as of J anuary 26, 2014 .     
   
Fair Value of Financial Instruments  
   
The carrying value of cash equivalents, accounts re ceivable, accounts payable and accrued liabilities approximate their fair values due to their 
relatively short maturities as of January 26, 2014 and January 27, 2013 . Marketable securities are co mprised of available-for- sale securities that are 
reported at fair value with the related unrealized gains and losses included in accumulated other comp rehensive income, a component of 
stockholders’ equity, net of tax. Fair value of the  marketable securities is determined based on quote d market prices.  
 
Concentration of Credit Risk  
   
Financial instruments that potentially subject us t o concentrations of credit risk consist primarily o f cash equivalents, marketable securities, 
accounts receivable and the note hedge. Our investm ent policy requires the purchase of high grade inve stment securities, the diversification of asset 
type and includes certain limits on our portfolio d uration. All marketable securities are held in our name, managed by several investment managers 
and held by one major financial institution under a  custodial arrangement. Accounts receivable from si gnificant customers, those representing 10% 
or more of total accounts receivable aggregated app roximately 23% of our accounts receivable balance f rom one customer at January 26, 2014 and 
approximately 40% of our accounts receivable balanc e from three customers at January 27, 2013 . We perform ongoing credit evaluations of our 
customers’ financial condition and maintain an allowance for p otential credit losses. This allowance consists of an amount identified for specific 
customers and an amount based on overall estimated exposure. Our overall estimated exposure excludes a mounts covered by credit insurance and 
letters of credit.  
 
70  Table of Contents  
NVIDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES  
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
(Continued)  
 
 
 
   
Accounts Receivable  
   
We maintain an allowance for doubtful accounts rece ivable for estimated losses resulting from the inab ility of our customers to make required 
payments. We determine this allowance, which consis ts of an amount identified for specific customer is sues as well as an amount based on overall 
estimated exposure. Factors impacting the allowance  include the level of gross receivables, the financ ial condition of our customers and the extent 
to which balances are covered by credit insurance o r letters of credit.  
 
Inventories  
 
Inventory cost is computed on an adjusted standard basis, which approximates actual cost on an average  or first-in, first- out basis. Inventory 
costs consist primarily of the cost of semiconducto rs purchased from subcontractors, including wafer f abrication, assembly, testing and packaging, 
manufacturing support costs, including labor and ov erhead associated with such purchases, final test y ield fallout, and shipping costs, as well as the 
cost of purchased memory products and other compone nt parts. We charge cost of sales for inventory pro visions to write down our inventory to the 
lower of cost or estimated market value or to compl etely write off obsolete or excess inventory. Most of our inventory provisions relate to the write-
off of excess quantities of products, based on our inventory levels and future product purchase commit ments compared to assumptions about future 
demand and market conditions. Once inventory has be en written-off or written- down, it creates a new cost basis for the inventory  that is not 
subsequently written-up.  
Property and Equipment  
   
Property and equipment are stated at cost. Deprecia tion of property and equipment is computed using th e straight- line method based on the 
estimated useful lives of the assets, generally thr ee to five years.  The estimated useful lives of ou r buildings are up to twenty five years. 
Depreciation expense includes the amortization of a ssets recorded under capital leases. Leasehold impr ovements and assets recorded under capital 
leases are amortized over the shorter of the expect ed lease term or the estimated useful life of the a sset.  
 
Goodwill  
 
Goodwill is subject to our annual impairment test d uring the fourth quarter of our fiscal year, or ear lier if indicators of potential impairment 
exist.  For the purposes of completing our impairme nt test, we perform either a qualitative or a quant itative analysis on a reporting unit basis.   
For those reporting units where a significant chang e or event has occurred, where potential impairment  indicators exist, or for which we have 
not performed a quantitative assessment recently, w e utilize a two- step quantitative assessment to testing goodwill fo r impairment. The first step 
tests for possible impairment by applying a fair va lue-based test by weighing the results from the income approach and the market approach. The 
second step, if necessary, measures the amount of s uch impairment by applying fair value- based tests to individual assets and liabilities. P lease refer 
to Note 5 of these Notes to the Consolidated Financ ial Statements for additional information.   
 
Intangible Assets  
 
Intangible assets primarily represent rights acquir ed under technology licenses, patents, acquired int ellectual property, trademarks and customer 
relationships and are subject to an annual impairme nt test. We currently amortize our intangible asset s with definitive lives over periods ranging 
from one to ten years using a method that reflects the pattern in which the economic benefits of the i ntangible asset are consumed or otherwise used 
up or, if that pattern cannot be reliably determine d, using a straight-line amortization method.  
 
   
 
71  Table of Contents  
NVIDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES  
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
(Continued)  
 
 
Impairment of Long-Lived Assets  
   
Long-lived assets, such as property and equipment and in tangible assets subject to amortization are reviewe d for impairment whenever events 
or changes in circumstances indicate that the carry ing amount of an asset, or asset group may not be r ecoverable. Recoverability of assets to be held 
and used is measured by a comparison of the carryin g amount of an asset, or asset group to estimated u ndiscounted future cash flows expected to be 
generated by the asset, or asset group.  If  the carrying amount of an asset or asset group exc eeds its estimated future cash flows, an impairment  
charge is recognized for the amount by which the ca rrying amount of the asset or asset group exceeds t he estimated fair value of the asset or asset 
group.  Fair value is determined based on the estim ated discounted future cash flows expected to be ge nerated by the asset or asset group.  Assets 
and liabilities to be disposed of would be separate ly presented in the consolidated balance sheet and the assets would be reported at the lower of the 
carrying amount or fair value less costs to sell, a nd would no longer be depreciated.  
 
Accounting for Asset Retirement Obligations  
   
We account for asset retirement obligations associa ted with the retirement of tangible long- lived assets and the associated asset retirement 
costs. The accounting guidance applies to legal obl igations associated with the retirement of long- lived assets that result from the acquisition, 
construction, development and/or normal use of the assets and requires that the fair value of a liabil ity for an asset retirement obligation be 
recognized in the period in which it is incurred if  a reasonable estimate of fair value can be made. T he fair value of the liability is added to the 
carrying amount of the associated asset and this ad ditional carrying amount is depreciated over the li fe of the asset.  As of January 26, 2014 and 
January 27, 2013 , our asset retirement obligations to return the le asehold improvements at our headquarters facility i n Santa Clara, California and 
certain laboratories at our Austin facility and int ernational locations to their original condition up on lease termination were $11.1 million and $10.6 
million , respectively.  
 
Adoption of New and Recently Issued Accounting Pron ouncements   
 
In July 2013, the Financial Accounting Standards Bo ard, or FASB, issued guidance regarding the present ation of unrecognized tax benefits 
when a net operating loss carryforward, similar tax  loss, or tax credit carryforward exists. The new g uidance requires that an unrecognized tax 
benefit, or a portion of an unrecognized tax benefi t, be presented in the financial statements as a re duction to a deferred tax asset for a net operating  
loss carryforward, a similar tax loss, or a tax cre dit carryforward when settlement in this manner is available under the tax law. This guidance is 
effective on a prospective basis for financial stat ements issued for fiscal years, and interim periods  within those fiscal years, beginning after 
December 15, 2013. Retrospective and early adoption  is permitted. We expect to adopt this guidance in our interim and annual periods beginning 
January 27, 2014. We do not believe the adoption of  this guidance will have a material impact on our c onsolidated financial statements.  
 
In February 2013, the FASB issued updated guidance requiring entities to report the effect of signific ant reclassifications to accumulated other 
comprehensive income on the respective line items i n net income. These reclassifications are reported only if U.S. GAAP requires the entire amount 
to be reclassified to net income. For other amounts  that are not required under U.S. GAAP to be reclas sified in their entirety from accumulated 
other comprehensive income to net income in the sam e reporting period, an entity is required to cross- reference other disclosures required under 
U.S. GAAP that provide additional detail about thos e amounts. We adopted this guidance in our interim period ended April 28, 2013. The adoption 
of this guidance did not impact our financial state ments, as the guidance is related to disclosure onl y, and we have not had significant 
reclassifications out of accumulated other comprehe nsive income.  
 
 
Note 2 - Stock-Based Compensation  
 
We measure stock- based compensation expense based on the estimated f air value of equity awards at the grant date, and r ecognize the expense 
using a straight- line attribution method over the requisite employee  service period. We estimate the fair value of empl oyee stock options on the date 
of grant using a binomial model and we use the clos ing trading price of our common stock on the date o f grant, minus a dividend yield discount, as 
the fair value of awards of RSUs.  We estimate the fair value of shares to be issued our employee stoc k purchase plan using the Black- Scholes at the 
commencement of an offering period in March and Sep tember each year.  Our stock- based compensation for employee stock purchase plan  is 
expensed using an accelerated amortization model.  
   
 
72  Table of Contents  
NVIDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES  
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
(Continued)  
 
 
Our consolidated statements of income include stock -based compensation expense, net of amounts capital ized as inventory, as follows:  
 
As of January 26, 2014 and January 27, 2013 , the a ggregate amount of unearned stock- based compensation expense related to our equity 
awards was $241.3 million and $208.7 million , resp ectively, adjusted for estimated forfeitures.  As o f January 26, 2014 and January 27, 2013 , we 
expect to recognize the unearned stock- based compensation expense related to stock options  over an estimated weighted average amortization 
period of 2.5 years and 2.7 years, respectively.  A s of both January 26, 2014 and January 27, 2013 , w e expect to recognize the unearned stock-
based compensation expense related to RSUs over an estimated weighted average amortization period of 2 .7 years.     
Stock-based compensation capitalized in inventories  resulted in a net charge of $0.1 million , $0.4 mi llion and $0.1 million in cost of revenue 
during the fiscal years ended January 26, 2014 , Ja nuary 27, 2013 and January 29, 2012 , respectively.    
During fiscal years 2014 , 2013 and 2012 , we grant ed approximately 6.1 million , 7.1 million and 6.4 million stock options, respectively, with 
estimated total grant-date fair values of $21.3 mil lion , $38.3 million and $52.4 million , respective ly, and weighted average grant- date fair values 
of $3.47 , $5.38 and $8.16 per option, respectively . During fiscal years 2014 , 2013 and 2012 , we gra nted approximately 10.8 million , 8.1 million 
and 7.3 million RSUs, respectively, with estimated total grant-date fair values of $144.8 million , $1 12.8 million and $119.7 million , respectively, 
and weighted average grant-date fair values of $13. 46 , $13.86 and $16.31 per RSU, respectively.   
Of the estimated total grant-date fair value, we es timated that the stock- based compensation expense related to the equity aw ards that are not 
expected to vest for fiscal years 2014 , 2013 and 2 012 was $29.7 million , $27.1 million and $30.8 mil lion , respectively.    
Valuation Assumptions    
We determine the fair value of stock option awards on the date of grant using an option- pricing model that is affected by our stock price a s well 
as assumptions regarding a number of highly complex  and subjective variables. These variables include,  but are not limited to, weighted average 
expected term, risk- free interest rate, expected stock price volatility , dividend yield, actual and projected employee sto ck option exercise behaviors, 
vesting schedules and death and disability probabil ities. We segregate options into groups of employee s with relatively homogeneous exercise 
behavior in order to calculate the best estimate of  fair value using the binomial valuation model.  
The expected life of employee stock options is a de rived output of our valuation model and is impacted  by the underlying assumptions of our 
company. The risk- free interest rate assumption is based upon observe d interest rates on Treasury bills appropriate for the term of our employee 
stock options. Our management has determined that t he use of implied volatility is expected to be more  reflective of market conditions and, 
therefore, can reasonably be expected to be a bette r indicator of our expected volatility than histori cal volatility. Dividend yield is based on history 
and expectation of dividend payouts. Our RSU awards  are not eligible for cash dividends prior to vesti ng; therefore, the fair value of RSUs is 
discounted by the dividend yield.  
For awards granted on or subsequent to November 8, 2012, we use a dividend yield at grant date based o n the per share dividends declared 
during the most recent quarter. Additionally, for e mployee stock option and RSU awards, we estimate fo rfeitures annually and revise the estimates 
of forfeiture in subsequent periods if actual forfe itures differ from those estimates. Forfeitures are  estimated based on historical experience.   
 
73     Year Ended  
   January 26,  
2014    January 27,  
2013    January 29,  
2012  
   (In thousands)  
Cost of revenue  $ 10,688    $ 10,490    $ 11,322  
Research and development  82,940    82,157    80,502  
Sales, general and administrative  42,667    44,015    44,530  
Total  $ 136,295    $ 136,662    $ 136,354  Table of Contents  
NVIDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES  
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
(Continued)  
 
 
The fair value of stock options granted under our s tock option plans and shares issued under our emplo yee stock purchase plan have been 
estimated with the following assumptions:  
 
Equity Incentive Program  
   
We grant stock options, RSUs, and stock purchase ri ghts under the following equity incentive plans.    
 
Amended and Restated 2007 Equity Incentive Plan  
   
At the Annual Meeting of Stockholders held on June 21, 2007, our stockholders approved the NVIDIA Corp oration 2007 Equity Incentive 
Plan, or the 2007 Plan. At the Annual Meeting of St ockholders held on May 17, 2012, our stockholders a pproved an amendment and restatement of 
the 2007 Plan. At the Annual Meeting of Stockholder s held on May 15, 2013, our stockholders re- approved the 2012 amendment and restatement of 
the 2007 Plan, or the Restated 2007 Plan.  
   
The Restated 2007 Plan authorizes the issuance of i ncentive stock options, nonstatutory stock options,  restricted stock, restricted stock unit, 
stock appreciation rights, performance stock awards , performance cash awards, and other stock- based awards to employees, directors and 
consultants. Only our employees may receive incenti ve stock options. With the amendment and restatemen t of the 2007 Plan, which increased the 
number of shares of common stock authorized for iss uance under the 2007 Plan by 25,000,000 shares, up to 177,767,766 shares of our common 
stock may be issued pursuant to stock awards grante d under the Restated 2007 Plan .  Currently, we gra nt stock options and RSUs under our equity 
incentive plans. As of January 26, 2014, there were  24,722,435 shares available for future issuance un der the Restated 2007 Plan.  
 
Stock options granted to employees, subject to cert ain exceptions, vest over a four year period, subje ct to continued service, with 25% vesting 
on the anniversary of the hire date in the case of new hires or the anniversary of the date of grant i n the case of grants to existing employees and 
6.25% vesting at the end of each quarterly period t hereafter . Options granted under the 2007 Plan gen erally expire ten years from the date of grant.  
 
With respect to RSUs, subject to certain exceptions , RSUs granted to employees vest over a four year p eriod, subject to continued service, with 
25% vesting on a pre-determined date that is close to the anniversary of the date of grant and 12.5% v esting semi- annually thereafter until fully 
vested .  
 
 
74     Year Ended  
   January 26,  
2014    January 27,  
2013    January 29,  
2012  
Stock Options  (Using a binomial model)  
Weighted average expected life (in years)  2.4-3.5   3.1-4.9   3.0-5.4  
Risk-free interest rate  1.8%-3.0%   1.5%-2.3%   1.9%-3.8%  
Volatility  28%-37%   39%-49%   46%-65%  
Dividend yield  1.9%-2.4%   2.4%   — 
   Year Ended  
   January 26,  
2014    January 27,  
2013    January 29,  
2012  
Employee Stock Purchase Plan  (Using the Black-Scholes model)  
Weighted average expected life (in years)  0.5-2.0   0.5-2.0    0.5-2.0  
Risk-free interest rate  0.1%-0.4%   0.1%-0.3%    0.1%-0.7%  
Volatility  32%-37%   44%-47%    57%-61%  
Dividend yield  2.0%-2.4%   —   — Table of Contents  
NVIDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES  
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
(Continued)  
 
 
Unless terminated sooner, the Restated 2007 Plan is  scheduled to terminate on March 21, 2022. Our Boar d may suspend or terminate the 
Restated 2007 Plan at any time. No awards may be gr anted under the Restated 2007 Plan while the Restat ed 2007 Plan is suspended or after it is 
terminated. The Board may also amend the Restated 2 007 Plan at any time. However, if legal, regulatory  or listing requirements require stockholder 
approval, the amendment will not go into effect unt il the stockholders have approved the amendment.  
   
PortalPlayer, Inc. 1999 Stock Option Plan  
 
We assumed options issued under the PortalPlayer, I nc. 1999 Stock Option Plan, or the 1999 Plan, when we completed our acquisition of 
PortalPlayer on January 5, 2007.  Options to purcha se 920 shares of NVIDIA common stock remain outstan ding under the 1999 Plan.  We do not 
intend to grant future stock awards under the 1999 Plan.  
 
1998 and 2012 Employee Stock Purchase Plans  
   
 In February 1998, our Board approved the 1998 Empl oyee Stock Purchase Plan, or the 1998 Plan. At the Annual Meeting of Stockholders held 
on May 17, 2012, our stockholders approved the 2012  Employee Stock Purchase Plan, or the 2012 Plan, th e successor to the 1998 Plan, and 
collectively with the 1998 Plan, the ESPP Plans.  
 
Prior to the effective date of the 2012 Plan, we ha d authorized a total of 78,000,000 shares for issua nce under the 1998 Plan, 54,567,667 shares 
of which had been issued, 15,000,000 shares of whic h were reserved for issuance pursuant to outstandin g purchase rights and 8,432,333 shares of 
which were available for future issuance. Upon its approval by our stockholders, the maximum aggregate  number of shares that could be issued 
under the 2012 Plan would not exceed 55,432,333 sha res.  
 
Effective upon the August 31, 2012 purchase date pu rsuant to the 1998 Plan, of the 15,000,000 shares w hich had been reserved for issuance 
pursuant to outstanding purchase rights, 2,687,698 shares were issued pursuant to outstanding purchase  rights, 183,000 shares were available but 
reserved for future issuance, and the remaining 12, 129,302 shares were moved into the share reserve of the 201 2 Plan. Effective upon the February 
28, 2013 purchase date pursuant to the 1998 Plan, 8 ,819 shares were issued pursuant to outstanding pur chase rights, and the remaining 174,181 
shares were moved into the share reserve of the 201 2 Plan. At January 26, 2014, under the 2012 Plan, w e had issued 6,115,403 shares and reserved 
46,620,413 shares for future issuance.  
 
Each of the ESPP Plans is intended to qualify as an  “employee stock purchase plan” under Section 423 of the Internal Revenue Code. Und er 
the current offerings adopted pursuant to the ESPP Plans, each offering period is 24 months, which is divided into four purchase periods  of six 
months.  
 
Employees are eligible to participate if they are e mployed by us or an affiliate of us as designated b y the Board. Employees who participate in 
an offering may have up to 10% of their earnings withheld pursuant to the ESPP Pla ns up to certain limitations and applied on specifi ed dates 
determined by the Board to the purchase of shares o f common stock. The Board may increase this percent age at its discretion, up to 15% . The price 
of common stock purchased under the ESPP Plans will  be equal to 85% of the lower of the fair market va lue of the common stock on the 
commencement date of each offering period and the p urchase date of each offering period. During fiscal  years 2014 , 2013 and 2012 , employees 
purchased approximately 6.1 million , 5.5 million ,  and 5.8 million shares, respectively, under the ES PP Plans with weighted- average prices of 
$10.79 , $10.83 , and $8.18 per share, respectively , and weighted average grant-date fair values of $5 .60 , $5.16 and $5.47 per share, respectively. 
Employees may end their participation in the ESPP P lans at any time during the offering period, and pa rticipation ends automatically on termination 
of employment with us and in each case their contri butions are refunded.      
 
 
75  Table of Contents  
NVIDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES  
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
(Continued)  
 
 
The following is a summary of our equity award tran sactions under our equity incentive plans:   
 
(1)  The aggregate intrinsic value in the table abo ve represents the total pre-tax intrinsic value for  in-the-money options at January 26, 2014 , based 
on the $15.56 closing stock price of our common stock on the NASD AQ Global Select Market on January 24, 2014, the la st trading day of 
fiscal year 2014 , which would have been received b y the option holders had all in-the- money option holders exercised their options as of that 
date. The total number of in-the-money options outs tanding and exercisable as of January 26, 2014 was 39.9 million shares and 12.3 million 
shares, respectively.  
 
(2) Represents the shares that were approved at our  2012 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and re- approved at our 2013 Annual Meeting of 
Stockholders.  
   
The total intrinsic value of options exercised was $14.4 million , $21.1 million and $105.3 million fo r fiscal years 2014 , 2013 and 2012 , 
respectively. Upon exercise of an option, we issue new shares of stock. The total fair value of option s vested was $34.6 million , $40.3 million and 
$49.5 million for fiscal years 2014 , 2013 and 2012  , respectively.  
   
 
76          Options Outstanding    Restricted Stock Units 
Outstanding  
    Total Stock  
Awards  
Available for  
Grant    Number   of  
Shares    Weighted  
Average  
Exercise Price  
Per Share    Weighted  
Average  
Remaining    
Contractual  
Life    Aggregate  
Intrinsic  
Value (1)    Number of  
Shares    Weighted  
Average  
Grant-Date  
Fair Value  
Balances, January 30, 2011  33,736,488    44,001,458    $ 12.88              10,611,914    $ 13.23  
Authorized  —   —   —             —   — 
Granted  (13,767,554 )    6,430,778    $ 16.18              7,336,776    $ 16.31  
Exercised  —   (15,515,053 )    $ 10.70              —   — 
Vested restricted stock  —   —   —             (3,442,076 )    $ 12.02  
Canceled and forfeited  2,457,018    (1,588,207 )    $ 14.78              (868,811 )    $ 14.72  
Balances, January 29, 2012  22,425,952    33,328,976    $ 14.44              13,637,803    $ 15.10  
Authorized (2)  25,000,000    —   —             —   — 
Granted  (15,254,977 )    7,119,319    $ 13.88              8,135,658    $ 13.86  
Exercised  —   (3,646,680 )    $ 8.66              —   — 
Vested restricted stock  —   —   —             (5,691,623 )    $ 15.02  
Canceled and forfeited  4,728,901    (3,806,290 )    $ 17.04              (922,611 )    $ 15.14  
Balances, January 27, 2013  36,899,876    32,995,325    $ 14.66              15,159,227    $ 14.46  
Authorized  —   —                —   — 
Granted  (16,905,398 )    6,148,672    $ 14.30              10,756,726    $ 13.46  
Exercised  —   (3,058,530 )    $ 10.26              —   — 
Vested restricted stock  —   —   —             (5,906,509 )    $ 14.79  
Canceled and forfeited  4,738,712    (3,581,556 )    $ 21.85              (1,157,156 )    $ 13.86  
Balances, January 26, 2014  24,733,190    32,503,911    $ 14.22    5.5    $ 67,868,413    18,852,288    $ 13.82  
Exercisable at January 26, 2014       19,866,375    $ 14.09    3.7    $ 49,516,264            
Vested and expected to vest 
after January 26, 2014       30,498,779    $ 14.21    5.3    $ 64,921,492    15,258,123    $ 13.82  Table of Contents  
NVIDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES  
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
(Continued)  
 
 
 
Note 3 - Net Income Per Share  
   
The following is a reconciliation of the numerators  and denominators of the basic and diluted net inco me per share computations for the 
periods presented:  
 
The denominator for diluted net income per share fo r fiscal year 2014 does not include any effect from  the Notes. In accordance with ASC 260, 
Earnings per Share, commencing after the fiscal quarter ending on April  27, 2014, the Notes will not impact the denominato r for diluted net income 
per share unless the average price of our common st ock, as calculated under the terms of the Notes, ex ceeds the conversion price of $20.16 per 
share. Likewise, the denominator for diluted net in come per share will not include any effect from the  warrants unless the average price of our 
common stock, as calculated under the terms of the warrants, exceeds $27.14 per share.  
   
The denominator for diluted net income per share fo r fiscal year 2014 also does not include any effect  from the note hedges. In future periods, 
the denominator for diluted net income per share wi ll exclude any effect of the note hedges, as their effect would be anti- dilutive. In the event an 
actual conversion of any or all of the Notes occurs , the shares that would be delivered to the Company  under the note hedges are designed to 
neutralize the dilutive effect of the shares that t he Company would issue under the Notes. Please refe r to Note 11 of these Notes to the Consolidated 
Financial Statements for discussion regarding the N otes.  
 
 
77     Year Ended  
   January 26,  
2014    January 27,  
2013    January 29,  
2012  
   (In thousands, except per share data)  
Numerator:               
Net income  $ 439,990    $ 562,536    $ 581,090  
Denominator:               
Denominator for basic net income per share, weighte d average shares  587,893    619,324    603,646  
Effect of dilutive securities:               
Stock awards outstanding  6,624    5,633    12,725  
Denominator for diluted net income per share, weigh ted average shares  594,517    624,957    616,371  
Net income per share:               
Basic net income per share  $ 0.75    $ 0.91    $ 0.96  
Diluted net income per share  $ 0.74    $ 0.90    $ 0.94  
Potentially dilutive securities excluded from incom e per diluted share because their 
effect would have been anti-dilutive  25,630    26,784    22,617  Table of Contents  
NVIDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES  
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
(Continued)  
 
 
Note 4 - 3dfx  
 
During fiscal year 2002, we completed the purchase of certain assets from 3dfx Interactive, Inc., or 3 dfx, for an aggregate purchase price of 
approximately $74.2 million . On December 15, 2000, NVIDIA Corporation and one of our indirect subsidiaries entered into an Asset Purchase 
Agreement, or the APA, which closed on April 18, 20 01, to purchase certain graphics chip assets from 3 dfx.  
   
In October 2002, 3dfx filed for Chapter 11 bankrupt cy protection in the United States Bankruptcy Court  for the Northern District of California. 
In March 2003, the Trustee appointed by the Bankrup tcy Court to represent 3dfx’ s bankruptcy estate served his complaint on NVIDIA.   The 
Trustee’s complaint asserted claims for, among other things , successor liability and fraudulent transfer and s ought additional payments from us.   In 
early November 2005, NVIDIA and the Official Commit tee of Unsecured Creditors, or the Creditors’ Committee, agreed to a Plan of Liquidation of 
3dfx, which included a conditional settlement of th e Trustee’ s claims against us. This conditional settlement wa s subject to a confirmation process 
through a vote of creditors and the review and appr oval of the Bankruptcy Court. The conditional settl ement called for a payment by NVIDIA of 
approximately $30.6 million to the 3dfx estate. Und er the settlement, $5.6 million related to various administrative expenses and Trus tee fees, and 
$25.0 million related to the satisfaction of debts and liabilitie s owed to the general unsecured creditors of 3dfx. Accordingly, during the three month 
period ended October 30, 2005, we recorded $5.6 mil lion as a charge to settlement costs and $25.0 mill ion as additional purchase price for 
3dfx.  The Trustee advised that he intended to obje ct to the settlement.   
   
The conditional settlement reached in November 2005  never progressed through the confirmation process and the Trustee’ s case still remains 
pending appeal.  As such, we have not reversed the accrual of $30.6 million - $5.6 million as a charge  to settlement costs and $25.0 million as 
additional purchase price for 3dfx that we recorded  during the three months ended October 30, 2005, pe nding resolution of the appeal of the 
Trustee’s case.   
 
The 3dfx asset purchase price of $95.0 million and $4.2 million of direct transaction costs were allocated based on  fair values presented below. 
The final allocation of the purchase price of the 3 dfx assets is contingent upon the outcome of all of  the 3dfx litigation. Please refer to  Note 12 of 
these Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement s for further discussion regarding this litigation.   
 
 
78      Fair Market Value    Straight-Line  
Amortization Period  
   (In thousands)    (In years)  
Property and equipment  $ 2,433    1-2  
Trademarks  11,310    5  
Goodwill  85,418    —  
Total  $ 99,161       Table of Contents  
NVIDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES  
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
(Continued)  
 
 
Note 5 - Goodwill  
   
The carrying amount of goodwill is as follows:  
   
The amount of goodwill allocated to our GPU and Teg ra Processor segments as of January 26, 2014 was $2 30.4 million and $412.8 million , 
respectively, and as of January 27, 2013 was $228.2  million and $412.8 million , respectively. Please refer to Note 16 of these Notes to the 
Consolidated Financial Statements for further discu ssion regarding segments.  
We allocate goodwill to our reporting units and per form our annual impairment test during the fourth q uarter of our fiscal year, or earlier if 
indicators of potential impairment exist.  For the purposes of completing our impairment test, we perf orm either a qualitative or a quantitative 
analysis on a reporting unit basis. We utilized a q uantitative analysis to complete our most recent an nual impairment test during the fourth quarter 
of fiscal year 2014 and concluded that there was no  impairment, as the fair value of our reporting uni ts exceeded their carrying values.  
In a qualitative analysis, we evaluate factors incl uding, but not limited to, macro- economic conditions, market and industry conditions , the 
competitive environment, the operational stability and the overall financial performance of the report ing units, including cost factors and actual 
revenue results. For reporting units in which the q ualitative assessment concludes it is more likely t han not that the fair value is more than its 
carrying value, no further goodwill impairment test ing is required.  
For those reporting units where a significant chang e or event has occurred, where potential impairment  indicators exist, or for which we have 
not performed a quantitative assessment recently, w e utilize a two- step quantitative assessment to testing goodwill fo r impairment. The first step 
tests for possible impairment by applying a fair va lue-based test by weighing the results from the income approach and the market approach. These 
valuation approaches consider a number of factors t hat include, but are not limited to, prospective fi nancial information, growth rates, terminal or 
residual values, discount rates and comparable mult iples from publicly traded companies in our industr y and require us to make certain assumptions 
and estimates regarding industry economic factors a nd the future profitability of our business.  
When performing an income approach valuation, we in corporate the use of projected financial informatio n and a discount rate that are 
developed using market participant based assumption s to our discounted cash flow model. Our estimates of discounted cash flow were based upon, 
among other things, certain assumptions about our e xpected future operating performance, such as reven ue growth rates, operating margins, risk-
adjusted discount rates, and future economic and ma rket conditions. The market method of determining t he fair value of our reporting units requires 
us to use judgment in the selection of appropriate market comparables.   
 
79     January 26,  
2014    January 27,  
2013  
   (In thousands)  
Icera  $ 271,186    $ 271,186  
PortalPlayer  104,896    104,896  
3dfx  75,326    75,326  
Mental Images  59,252    59,252  
MediaQ  35,167    35,167  
ULi  31,115    31,115  
Hybrid Graphics  27,906    27,906  
Ageia  19,198    19,198  
Portland Group Inc.  2,149    — 
Other  16,984    16,984  
Total goodwill  $ 643,179    $ 641,030  Table of Contents  
NVIDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES  
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
(Continued)  
 
 
Note 6 - Amortizable Intangible Assets  
   
The components of our amortizable intangible assets  are as follows:  
 
Amortization expense associated with intangible ass ets for fiscal years 2014 , 2013 and 2012 was $72.7  million , $68.4 million and $59.0 
million , respectively. Amortization expense increased comp ared to the prior year primarily due to the additio n of licensed technology, patent 
portfolios and the acquisition of certain assets fr om a business combination during fiscal year 2014. Future amortization expense for the net 
carrying amount of intangible assets at January 26,  2014 is estimated to be $79.4 million in fiscal ye ar 2015 , $72.7 million in fiscal year 2016 , 
$59.4 million in fiscal year 2017 , $48.1 million i n fiscal year 2018 , $19.9 million in fiscal year 2 019 and $16.5 million in fiscal years subsequent 
to fiscal year 2019 until fully amortized.  
 
    
Note 7 - Marketable Securities  
   
All of the cash equivalents and marketable securiti es are classified as “available-for-sale” securities. Investments in both fixed and floating rate 
interest earning instruments carry a degree of inte rest rate risk. Fixed rate debt securities may have  their market value adversely impacted due to a 
rise in interest rates, while floating rate securit ies may produce less income than expected if intere st rates fall. Due in part to these factors, our fu ture 
investment income may fall short of expectations du e to changes in interest rates or if the decline in  fair value of our publicly traded debt or equity 
investments is judged to be other-than- temporary. We may suffer losses in principal if we are forced to sell securities that decline in marke t value 
due to changes in interest rates. However, because any debt securities we hold are classified as “avai lable-for-sale,” no gains or losses are realized 
in our consolidated statement of income due to chan ges in interest rates unless such securities are so ld prior to maturity or unless declines in market 
values are determined to be other-than- temporary.  These securities are reported at fair v alue with the related unrealized gains and losses i ncluded in 
accumulated other comprehensive income, a component  of stockholders’ equity, net of tax.  
   
 
80     January 26, 2014    January 27, 2013  
   Gross    
Carrying  
Amount    Accumulated  
Amortization    Net   
Carrying  
Amount    Weighted 
Average  
Useful Life    Gross    
Carrying  
Amount    Accumulated  
Amortization    Net   
Carrying  
Amount    Weighted 
Average 
Useful Life  
   (In thousands)    (In years)    (In thousands)    (In years)  
Acquisition-
related 
intangible assets  $ 189,239    $ (114,104 )   $ 75,135    6.5    $ 172,039    $ (96,389 )   $ 75,650    6.9  
Patents and 
licensed 
technology  446,196    (225,319 )   220,877    7.2    407,002    (170,320 )   236,682    7.0  
Total intangible 
assets  $ 635,435    $ (339,423 )   $ 296,012         $ 579,041    $ (266,709 )   $ 312,332       Table of Contents  
NVIDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES  
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
(Continued)  
 
 
The following is a summary of cash equivalents and marketable securities at January 26, 2014 and Janua ry 27, 2013 :  
  
   
    
 
81     January 26, 2014  
   Amortized  
Cost    Unrealized  
Gain    Unrealized  
Loss    Estimated  
Fair Value  
   (In thousands)  
Debt securities of United States government agencie s  $ 1,012,740    $ 848    $ (261 )   $ 1,013,327  
Corporate debt securities  1,827,788    1,857    (1,065 )   1,828,580  
Mortgage backed securities issued by United States government-
sponsored enterprises  185,594    3,837    (725 )   188,706  
Money market funds  307,865    —   —   307,865  
Debt securities issued by United States Treasury  495,889    621    (57 )   496,453  
Asset-backed securities  258,017    15    (315 )   257,717  
Total  $ 4,087,893    $ 7,178    $ (2,423 )   $ 4,092,648  
Classified as:                    
Cash equivalents                 $ 572,425  
Marketable securities                 3,520,223  
Total                 $ 4,092,648  
   January 27, 2013  
   Amortized  
Cost    Unrealized  
Gain    Unrealized  
Loss    Estimated  
Fair Value  
   (In thousands)  
Debt securities of United States government agencie s  $ 867,087    $ 1,199    $ (139 )   $ 868,147  
Corporate debt securities  1,255,297    3,175    (542 )   1,257,930  
Mortgage backed securities issued by United States government-
sponsored enterprises  183,034    6,194    (57 )   189,171  
Money market funds  195,790    —   —   195,790  
Debt securities issued by United States Treasury  785,228    1,102    (105 )   786,225  
Total  $ 3,286,436    $ 11,670    $ (843 )   $ 3,297,263  
Classified as:                    
Cash equivalents                 $ 302,166  
Marketable securities                 2,995,097  
Total                 $ 3,297,263  Table of Contents  
NVIDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES  
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
(Continued)  
 
 
The following table provides the breakdown of the i nvestments with unrealized losses at January 26, 20 14 :  
   
   
We performed an impairment review of our investment  portfolio as of January 26, 2014 . Factors considered included general market 
conditions, the duration and extent to which fair v alue is below cost, and our intent and ability to h old an investment for a sufficient period of time 
to allow for recovery in value.  We also consider s pecific adverse conditions related to the financial  health of and business outlook for an investee, 
including industry and sector performance, changes in technology, operational and financing cash flow factors, and changes in an investee’ s credit 
rating. Investments that we identify as having an i ndicator of impairment are subject to further analy sis to determine if the investment was other 
than temporarily impaired. Based on our quarterly i mpairment review and having considered the guidance  in the relevant accounting literature, we 
did not record any other-than-temporary impairment charges during fiscal year 2014 .  We concluded that our investments were appropria tely 
valued and that no other than temporary impairment charges were necessary on our portfolio of availabl e for sale investments as of January 26, 
2014 .   
   
As of January 26, 2014 , we had  eight investments that were in an unrealized loss position with total  unrealized losses amounting to $0.3 
million and with a duration of less than one year. The gros s unrealized losses related to fixed income securit ies were due to changes in interest 
rates. We have determined that the gross unrealized  losses on investment securities at January 26, 201 4 are temporary in nature. Currently, we have 
the intent and ability to hold our investments with  impairment indicators until maturity.  
 
Net realized gains were $2.4 million , $0.5 million  and $0.4 million for fiscal years 2014 , 2013 , an d 2012 , respectively.  As of January 26, 
2014 , we had a net unrealized gain of $4.8 million  , which was comprised of gross unrealized gains of  $7.2 million , offset by $2.4 million of gross 
unrealized losses.  As of January 27, 2013 , we had  a net unrealized gain of $10.9 million , which was  comprised of gross unrealized gains of $11.7 
million , offset by $0.8 million of gross unrealize d losses.  
 
The amortized cost and estimated fair value of cash  equivalents and marketable securities which are pr imarily debt instruments are classified as 
available-for-sale at January 26, 2014 and January 27, 2013 and are shown below by contractual maturit y.  
 
 
 
82     Less than 12 months    12 months or greater    Total  
   Fair Value    Gross  
Unrealized  
Losses    Fair Value    Gross  
Unrealized  
Losses    Fair Value    Gross  
Unrealized  
Losses  
   (In thousands)  
Corporate debt securities  $ 789,095    $ (87 )   $ 1,039,485    $ (978 )   $ 1,828,580    $ (1,065 ) 
Mortgage backed securities issued by 
United States government- sponsored 
enterprises  999    —   187,707    (725 )   188,706    (725 ) 
Debt securities of United States Treasury  88,984    (9 )   407,469    (48 )   496,453    (57 ) 
Debt securities issued by United States 
government agencies  576,920    (100 )   436,407    (161 )   1,013,327    (261 ) 
Asset-backed securities  119,889    (119 )   137,828    (196 )   257,717    (315 ) 
Total  $ 1,575,887    $ (315 )   $ 2,208,896    $ (2,108 )   $ 3,784,783    $ (2,423 ) 
   January 26, 2014    January 27, 2013  
   Amortized  
Cost    Estimated  
Fair Value    Amortized  
Cost    Estimated  
Fair Value  
   (In thousands)  
Less than one year  $ 1,883,132    $ 1,883,753    $ 1,397,350    $ 1,399,304  
Due in 1 - 5 years  2,114,289    2,117,387    1,777,785    1,783,103  
Mortgage-backed securities issued by government- sponsored 
enterprises not due at a single maturity date  90,472    91,508    111,301    114,856  
Total  $ 4,087,893    $ 4,092,648    $ 3,286,436    $ 3,297,263  Table of Contents  
NVIDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES  
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
(Continued)  
 
 
Note 8 - Fair Value of Cash Equivalents and Marketa ble Securities  
 
We measure our cash equivalents and marketable secu rities at fair value. The fair values of our financ ial assets and liabilities are determined 
using quoted market prices of identical assets or q uoted market prices of similar assets from active m arkets.  Our Level 1 assets consist of our 
money market funds. We classify securities within L evel 1 assets when the fair value is obtained from real time quotes for transactions in active 
exchange markets involving identical assets.  Our a vailable-for-  sale securities are classified as having Level 2 i nputs.  Our Level 2 assets are 
valued utilizing a market approach where the market  prices of similar assets are provided by a variety  of independent industry standard data 
providers to our investment custodian.  There were no significant transfers between Levels 1 and 2 ass ets for the year ended January 26, 
2014 . Level 3 assets are based on unobservable inputs t o the valuation methodology and include our own dat a about assumptions market 
participants would use in pricing the asset or liab ility based on the best information available under  the circumstances.  
  
Financial assets and liabilities measured at fair v alue are summarized below:  
 
   
 
83          Fair Value Measurement at Reporting 
Date Using    
        Quoted Prices in 
Active Markets for 
Identical Assets    Significant Other 
Observable 
Inputs  
   January 26, 2014   (Level 1)    (Level 2)  
   (In thousands)  
Debt securities of United States government agencie s (1)  $ 1,013,327    $ —   $ 1,013,327  
Corporate debt securities (2)  1,828,580    —   1,828,580  
Mortgage backed securities issued by United States government- sponsored 
enterprises (3)  188,706    —   188,706  
Money market funds (4)  307,865    307,865    — 
Debt securities issued by United States Treasury (3 )  496,453    —   496,453  
Asset-backed securities (3)  257,717    —   257,717  
Total assets  $ 4,092,648    $ 307,865    $ 3,784,783  
(1)  Includes $30.0 million in Cash Equivalents and  $983.3 million in Marketable Securities on the Consolidated Balanc e Sheet. 
(2)  Includes $ 234.6 million in Cash Equivalents a nd $ 1,594.0 million in Marketable Securities on the Consolidated Balanc e Sheet. 
(3)  Included in Marketable Securities on the Consolidat ed Balance Sheet. 
(4)  Included in Cash Equivalents on the Consolidated Ba lance Sheet. Table of Contents  
NVIDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES  
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
(Continued)  
 
 
Note 9 - Balance Sheet Components  
   
Certain balance sheet components are as follows:  
 
(A) Land is a non-depreciable asset.  
(B) Leasehold improvements and capital leases are a mortized based on the lesser of either the asset’ s estimated useful life or the remaining 
expected lease term.  
(C) Construction in process represents assets that are not in service as of the balance sheet date.  
 
Depreciation expense for fiscal years 2014 , 2013 a nd 2012 was $164.0 million , $157.6 million and $14 5.2 million , respectively. 
 
84     January 26,  
2014    January 27,  
2013  
Inventories:  (In thousands)  
Raw materials  $ 126,896    $ 157,989  
Work in-process  94,844    67,352  
Finished goods  166,025    187,126  
     Total inventories  $ 387,765    $ 412,467  
   January 26,  
2014    January 27,  
2013    Estimated  
Useful Life  
   (In thousands)    (In years)  
Property and Equipment:               
Land  $ 218,496    $ 218,496    (A)  
Building  19,268    30,869    5-25  
Test equipment  412,862    349,530    3-5  
Software and licenses  120,435    245,734    3-5  
Leasehold improvements  178,884    159,413    (B)  
Computer equipment  204,344    174,712    3  
Office furniture and equipment  58,874    58,712    5  
Capital leases  28,481    27,231    (B)  
Construction in process  41,176    24,085    (C)  
Total property and equipment, gross  1,282,820    1,288,782       
Accumulated depreciation and amortization  (700,080 )   (712,638 )      
     Total property and equipment, net  $ 582,740    $ 576,144       
   January 26,  
2014    January 27,  
2013  
Accrued Liabilities:  (In thousands)  
Deferred revenue  $ 273,108    $ 273,605  
Accrued customer programs (1)  157,840    163,406  
Customer advances  9,297    9,090  
Warranty accrual (2)  7,571    14,874  
Accrued payroll and related expenses  109,721    98,977  
Accrued legal settlement (3)  30,600    30,600  
Taxes payable, short- term  2,378    3,173  
Other  30,590    26,070  
Total accrued liabilities and other  $ 621,105    $ 619,795  Table of Contents  
NVIDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES  
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
(Continued)  
 
 
(1)  Please refer to Note 1 of these Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statem ents for discussion regarding the nature of accrued  customer 
programs and their accounting treatment related to our revenue recognition policies and estimates.  
(2)  Please refer to Note 10 of these Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for discussion re garding the warranty accrual.  
(3)  Please refer to  Note 12 of these Notes to the  Consolidated Financial Statements for discussion r egarding the 3dfx litigation.  
 
 
Note 10 - Guarantees  
   
U.S. GAAP requires that upon issuance of a guarante e, the guarantor must recognize a liability for the  fair value of the obligation it assumes 
under that guarantee. In addition, U.S. GAAP requir es disclosures about the guarantees that an entity has issued, including a tabular reconciliation 
of the changes of the entity’s product warranty lia bilities.  
   
Accrual for estimated product returns and product w arranty liabilities  
 
We record a reduction to revenue for estimated prod uct returns at the time revenue is recognized prima rily based on historical return rates. Cost 
of revenue includes the estimated cost of product w arranties that are calculated at the point of reven ue recognition. Under limited circumstances, we 
may offer an extended limited warranty to customers  for certain products.  Additionally, we accrue for  known warranty and indemnification issues 
if a loss is probable and can be reasonably estimat ed. During periods prior to fiscal year 2012, we re corded a cumulative net charge of $475.9 
million , most of which was charged against cost of revenue , to cover customer warranty, repair, return, repla cement and other costs arising from a 
weak die/packaging material set in certain versions  of our previous generation MCP and GPU products us ed in notebook configurations. During 
fiscal year 2014, we released the remaining $7.8 mi llion unclaimed balance of that warranty accrual.  
 
The estimated product returns and estimated product  warranty liabilities for fiscal years 2014 , 2013 and 2012 are as follows:  
   
(1)  Includes a balance of $9.6 million , $13.2 mil lion and $103.7 million for fiscal years 2014, 2013  and 2012 , respectively, for the remaining 
amount of the warranty accrual associated with incr emental repair and replacement costs from a weak di e/packaging material set, which we 
recorded prior to fiscal year 2012.  
 
(2) Includes $ 1.8 million , $ 3.0 million and $ 73 .3 million for fiscal years 2014 , 2013 and 2012 , respectively, in payments related to weak 
die/packaging set warranty accrual recorded prior t o fiscal year 2012, and $7.8 million related to the  release of the final unclaimed portion of 
that accrual during fiscal year 2014.  
 
 
85     January 26,  
2014    January 27, 
2013  
Other Long Term Liabilities:  (In thousands)  
Deferred income tax liability  $ 157,953    $ 192,950 
Income tax payable  119,977    115,267 
Asset retirement obligations  11,056    10,165 
Deferred revenue  172,199    236,152 
Other  13,940    34,787 
Total other long-term liabilities  $ 475,125    $ 589,321 
   January 26,  
2014    January 27,  
2013    January 29,  
2012  
   (In thousands)  
Balance at beginning of period (1)  $ 14,874    $ 18,406    $ 107,896  
Additions  6,786    5,738    7,329  
Deductions (2)  (14,089 )   (9,270 )   (96,819 ) 
Balance at end of period   $ 7,571    $ 14,874    $ 18,406  Table of Contents  
NVIDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES  
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
(Continued)  
 
 
In connection with certain agreements that we have executed in the past, we have at times provided ind emnities to cover the indemnified party 
for matters such as tax, product and employee liabi lities. We have also on occasion included intellect ual property indemnification provisions in our 
technology related agreements with third parties. M aximum potential future payments cannot be estimate d because many of these agreements do 
not have a maximum stated liability. As such, we ha ve not recorded any liability in our Consolidated F inancial Statements for such 
indemnifications.     
 
Note 11 - Long-Term Debt  
1.00 % Convertible Senior Notes Due 2018  
On December 2, 2013, we issued $1.5 billion of 1.00 % convertible senior notes due 2018, or the Notes. Th e Notes are unsecured, 
unsubordinated obligations of the Company, which pa y interest in cash semi- annually at a rate of 1.00% per annum. The Notes wi ll mature on 
December 1, 2018 unless earlier repurchased or conv erted in accordance with their terms prior to such date. The Notes may be converted, under the 
conditions specified below, based on an initial con version rate of approximately 49.60 shares of common stock per $1,000 principal amount of 
Notes (equivalent to an initial conversion price of  approximately $20.16 per share of common stock), subject to adjustment a s described in the 
indenture governing the Notes.  
Holders may convert their notes at their option at any time prior to August 1, 2018 only under the fol lowing circumstances: (1) during any 
fiscal quarter commencing after the fiscal quarter ending on April 27, 2014 (and only during such fisc al quarter), if the last reported sale price of the  
common stock for at least 20 trading days (whether or not consecutive) during a period of 30 consecuti ve trading days ending on the last trading 
day of the immediately preceding fiscal quarter is greater than or equal to 130% of the conversion pri ce on each applicable trading day; (2) during 
the five business day period after any five consecu tive trading day period (the measurement period) in  which the trading price per $1,000 principal 
amount of notes for each trading day of the measure ment period was less than 98% of the product of the  last reported sale price of our common 
stock and the conversion rate on each such trading day; or (3) upon the occurrence of specified corpor ate events. On or after August 1, 2018 to the 
close of business on the second scheduled trading d ay immediately preceding the maturity date, holders  may convert all or any portion of their notes 
regardless of the foregoing conditions. Upon conver sion, we will pay cash up to the aggregate principa l amount of the notes to be converted and pay 
or deliver, as the case may be, cash, shares of our  common stock or a combination of cash and shares o f our common stock, at our election, in 
respect of the remainder, if any, of our conversion  obligation in excess of the aggregate principal am ount of the notes being converted.  
As of January 26, 2014, none of the conditions allo wing holders of the Notes to convert had been met. The determination of whether or not the 
Notes are convertible must be performed quarterly. If the Notes become convertible at the option of th e holder, the difference between the principal 
amount and the carrying value of the Notes would be  reflected as convertible debt in the mezzanine equ ity section on our Consolidated Balance 
Sheets.  
In accordance with ASC 470-20 Debt with Conversion and Other Options , all cash- settled convertible debt should be separated into d ebt and 
equity components at issuance and be assigned a fai r value. The value assigned to the debt component i s the estimated fair value, as of the issuance 
date, of a similar debt without the conversion feat ure. The difference between the net cash proceeds a nd this estimated fair value, represents the 
value assigned to the equity component and is recor ded as a debt discount. The debt discount is amorti zed using the effective interest method from 
the origination date through its stated contractual  maturity date.  
The initial debt component of the Notes was valued at $1,351.8 million based on the contractual cash flows discounted at a n appropriate market rate 
for a non-convertible debt at the date of issuance,  which was determined to be 3.15% . The carrying value of the permanent equity compon ent 
reported in additional paid-in-capital was valued a t $125.7 million and recorded as a debt discount. T his amount, together with the $22.5 million 
purchaser's discount to the par value of the Notes represents the total unamortized debt discount of $ 148.2 million we recorded at the time of 
issuance of the Notes. The aggregate debt discount is amortized as interest expense over the contractu al term of the Notes using the effective 
interest method using an interest rate of 3.15% .  
 
86  Table of Contents  
NVIDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES  
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
(Continued)  
 
 
The following table presents the carrying amounts o f the liability and equity components:  
(1) As of January 26, 2014, the remaining period ov er which the unamortized debt discount will be amor tized is 4.83 years.  
The following table presents the interest expense f or the contractual interest and the accretion of de bt discount: 
As of January 26, 2014, the fair value of the Notes  was approximately $1,528.4 million . The 2018 Notes are classified within Level 2 as t hey 
are not actively traded in markets.  
Note Hedges and Warrants  
The net proceeds from the Notes were approximately $1,477.5 million after payment of the initials purchaser's discount.  Concurrently with the 
offering of the Notes, we entered into a convertibl e note hedge transaction, or the Note Hedges, with a strike price equal to the initial conversion 
price of the Notes, or approximately $20.16 per share. The Note Hedges allow us to receive shar es of our common stock and/or cash related to the 
excess conversion value that we would pay to the ho lders of the Notes upon conversion. We paid $167.1 million for the Note Hedges.  
In addition, concurrent with the offering of the No tes and the purchase of the Note Hedges, we entered  into a separate warrant transaction, or 
the Warrants, with a strike price to the holders of  the Warrants of approximately $27.14 per share. The Warrants are net share settled and c over, 
subject to customary antidilution adjustments, appr oximately 74.4 million shares of our common stock. We received $59.1 million for the Warrants 
transaction.  
The $108.0 million net cost of the Note Hedges offs et by the proceeds from the Warrants is included as  a net reduction to additional paid- in 
capital in the stockholders’ equity section of our consolidated balance sheets, in accordance with the  guidance in ASC 815-40 Derivatives and 
Hedging -Contracts in Entity's Own Equity.  
 
87       January 26,  
2014  
     (In thousands)  
Amount of the equity component    $ 125,725  
      
1.00% convertible senior notes due 2018    $ 1,500,000  
Unamortized debt discount (1)    (143,625 ) 
Net carrying amount    $ 1,356,375  
     Year Ended  
     January 26,  
2014  
     (In thousands)  
Contractual coupon interest expense    $ 2,500  
Amortization of debt discount    4,600  
Amortization of debt issuance costs    34  
Total interest expense related to Notes    $ 7,134  Table of Contents  
NVIDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES  
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
(Continued)  
 
 
 Note 12 - Commitments and Contingencies  
   
Inventory Purchase Obligations  
   
At January 26, 2014 and January 27, 2013 , we had o utstanding inventory purchase obligations totaling $397.7 million and $470.3 million , 
respectively.  
 
Capital Purchase Obligations  
   
At January 26, 2014 and January 27, 2013 , we had o utstanding capital purchase obligations totaling $4 1.3 million and $44.8 million , 
respectively.  
   
Lease Obligations  
 
Our headquarters complex is located in Santa Clara,  California and includes eight buildings that are l eased properties. The lease agreements for 
three of the eight leased properties expire in fisc al year 2020 and include two five- year renewals at our option; one leased building ex pires in fiscal 
year 2019 that also has two five- year renewal options; one lease property expires in  fiscal year 2018; one lease property expires in fi scal year 2017 
with a five-year renewal at our option; and two lea sed buildings expire in fiscal year 2015, one with a seven-year renewal at our option. Future 
minimum lease payments related to headquarters oper ating leases total $81.0 million over the remaining terms of the leases, including 
predetermined rent escalations, and are included in  the future minimum lease payment schedule below.  
 
In addition to the commitment of our headquarters, we have other domestic and international office fac ilities under operating leases expiring 
through fiscal year 2025. We also include non-cance lable obligations under certain software licensing arrangements as operating leases.  
 
Future minimum lease payments under our non-cancela ble operating leases as of January 26, 2014 , are a s follows:     
   
Rent expense for the years ended January 26, 2014 ,  January 27, 2013 and January 29, 2012 was $43.8 mi llion , $38.4 million and $37.9 
million , respectively.  
 
 
88     Future Minimum Lease 
Obligations  
   (In thousands)  
Fiscal Year:     
2015  $ 74,007  
2016  70,800  
2017  60,884  
2018  29,262  
2019  22,202  
2020 and thereafter  34,693  
Total  $ 291,848  Table of Contents  
NVIDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES  
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
(Continued)  
 
 
Capital lease obligations include building and offi ce equipment lease obligations. The building lease relates to our data center in Santa Clara, 
California. Future minimum lease payments under the  building capital lease total $25.8 million over the remaining lease term, including 
predetermined rent escalations, and are included in  the future minimum lease payment schedule below: 
   
Litigation  
   
3dfx  
On December 15, 2000, NVIDIA and one of our indirec t subsidiaries entered into an Asset Purchase Agree ment, or APA, to purchase certain 
graphics chip assets from 3dfx.  The transaction cl osed on April 18, 2001.  That acquisition, and 3dfx 's October 2002 bankruptcy filing, led to four 
lawsuits against NVIDIA: two brought by 3dfx's form er landlords, one by 3dfx's bankruptcy trustee and the fourth by a committee of 3dfx's equity 
security holders in the bankruptcy estate.  The two  landlord cases have been settled with payments fro m the landlords to NVIDIA, and the equity 
security holders' lawsuit was dismissed with prejud ice and no appeal was filed.  Accordingly, only the  bankruptcy trustee suit remains outstanding 
as more fully explained below.    
In March 2003, the Trustee appointed by the Bankrup tcy Court to represent 3dfx's bankruptcy estate ser ved a complaint on NVIDIA asserting 
claims for, among other things, successor liability  and fraudulent transfer and seeking additional pay ments from us.  The Trustee's fraudulent 
transfer theory alleged that NVIDIA had failed to p ay reasonably equivalent value for 3dfx's assets, a nd sought recovery of the difference between 
the $70.0 million paid and the alleged fair value, which difference the Trustee estimated to exceed $5 0.0 million .  The Trustee's successor liability 
theory alleged NVIDIA was effectively 3dfx's legal successor and therefore was responsible for all of 3dfx's unpaid liabilities.     
On October 13, 2005, the Bankruptcy Court heard the  Trustee's motion for summary adjudication, and on December 23, 2005, denied that 
motion in all material respects and held that NVIDI A may not dispute that the value of the 3dfx transa ction was less than $108.0 million . The 
Bankruptcy Court denied the Trustee's request to fi nd that the value of the 3dfx assets conveyed to NV IDIA was at least $108.0 million.   
In early November 2005, after several months of med iation, NVIDIA and the Official Committee of Unsecu red Creditors, or the Creditors' 
Committee, agreed to a Plan of Liquidation of 3dfx,  which included a conditional settlement of the Tru stee's claims against us. This conditional 
settlement was subject to a confirmation process th rough a vote of creditors and the review and approv al of the Bankruptcy Court. The conditional 
settlement called for a payment by NVIDIA of approx imately $30.6 million to the 3dfx estate. Under the  settlement, $5.6 million related to various 
administrative expenses and Trustee fees, and $25.0  million related to the satisfaction of debts and liabilitie s owed to the general unsecured 
creditors of 3dfx. Accordingly, during the three mo nth period ended October 30, 2005, we recorded $5.6  million as a charge to settlement costs and 
$25.0 million as additional purchase price for 3dfx .  The Trustee advised that he intended to object t o the settlement. The conditional settlement 
never progressed substantially through the confirma tion process.  
 
89     Future Capital Lease 
Obligations  
   (In thousands)  
Fiscal Year:     
2015  $ 5,168  
2016  5,303  
2017  5,453  
2018  5,607  
2019  5,767  
2020 and thereafter  26  
Total  $ 27,324  
Present value of minimum lease payments  $ 20,417  
      
Current portion  $ 2,917  
Long-term portion  $ 17,500  Table of Contents  
NVIDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES  
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
(Continued)  
 
 
On December 21, 2006, the Bankruptcy Court schedule d a trial for one portion of the Trustee's case aga inst NVIDIA. On January 2, 2007, 
NVIDIA terminated the settlement agreement on groun ds that the Bankruptcy Court had failed to proceed toward confirmation of the Creditors' 
Committee's plan. A non- jury trial began on March 21, 2007 on valuation iss ues in the Trustee's constructive fraudulent transf er claims against 
NVIDIA. Specifically, the Bankruptcy Court tried fo ur questions: (1) what did 3dfx transfer to NVIDIA in the APA; (2) of what was transferred, 
what qualifies as “property” subject to the Bankruptcy Court's avoidance powers under the Uniform Fraudulent Transfer Act and relev ant 
bankruptcy code provisions; (3) what is the fair ma rket value of the “property” identified in answer to question (2); and (4) was t he $70.0 million 
that NVIDIA paid “reasonably equivalent” to the fai r market value of that property. The parties comple ted post-trial briefing on May 25, 2007.  
On April 30, 2008, the Bankruptcy Court issued its Memorandum Decision After Trial, in which it provid ed a detailed summary of the trial 
proceedings and the parties' contentions and eviden ce and concluded that “the creditors of 3dfx were n ot injured by the Transaction.”  This decision 
did not entirely dispose of the Trustee's action, h owever, as the Trustee's claims for successor liabi lity and intentional fraudulent conveyance were 
still pending.  On June 19, 2008, NVIDIA filed a mo tion for summary judgment to convert the Memorandum  Decision After Trial to a final 
judgment.  That motion was granted in its entirety and judgment was entered in NVIDIA's favor on Septe mber 11, 2008.  The Trustee filed a Notice 
of Appeal from that judgment on September 22, 2008,  and on September 25, 2008, NVIDIA exercised its el ection to have the appeal heard by the 
United States District Court.      
The District Court's hearing on the Trustee's appea l was held on June 10, 2009. On December 20, 2010, the District Court issued an Order 
affirming the Bankruptcy Court's entry of summary j udgment in NVIDIA's favor. On January 19, 2011, the  Trustee filed a Notice of Appeal to the 
United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circui t. The appeal is currently pending.  
While the conditional settlement reached in Novembe r 2005 never progressed through the confirmation pr ocess, the Trustee's case still remains 
pending on appeal.  Accordingly, we have not revers ed the accrual of $30.6 million - $ 5.6 million as a charge to settlement costs and $25 .0 million 
as additional purchase price for 3dfx - that we recorded during the three months ended Octo ber 30, 2005, pending resolution of the appeal of t he 
Trustee's case.   
Securities Cases  
In September 2008, three putative securities class actions, or the Actions, were filed in the United S tates District Court for the Northern District 
of California arising out of our announcements on J uly 2, 2008, that we would take a charge against co st of revenue to cover anticipated costs and 
expenses arising from a weak die/packaging material  set in certain versions of our previous generation  MCP and GPU products and that we were 
revising financial guidance for our second quarter of fiscal year 2009. The Actions purport to be brou ght on behalf of purchasers of NVIDIA stock 
and assert claims for violations of Sections 10(b) and 20(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, a s amended, or the Securities Exchange Act. 
On October 30, 2008, the Actions were consolidated under the caption In re NVIDIA Corporation Securiti es Litigation, Civil Action No. 08-CV-
04260-JW (HRL). Lead Plaintiffs and Lead Plaintiffs ' Counsel were appointed on December 23, 2008. On F ebruary 6, 2009, co- Lead Plaintiff filed 
a Writ of Mandamus with the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals challenging the designation of co-Lead Plai ntiffs' Counsel. On February 19, 2009, co-
Lead Plaintiff filed with the District Court, a mot ion to stay the District Court proceedings pending resolution of the Writ of Mandamus by the 
Ninth Circuit. On February 24, 2009, Judge Ware gra nted the stay. On November 5, 2009, the Court of Ap peals issued an opinion reversing the 
District Court's appointment of one of the lead pla intiffs' counsel, and remanding the matter for furt her proceedings.   On December 8, 2009, the 
District Court appointed Milberg LLP and Kahn Swick  & Foti, LLC as co-lead counsel.    
On January 22, 2010, Plaintiffs filed a Consolidate d Amended Class Action Complaint for Violations of the Federal Securities Laws, asserting 
claims for violations of Section 10(b), Rule 10b- 5, and Section 20(a) of the Securities Exchange Act .  The consolidated complaint sought 
unspecified compensatory damages.  We filed a motio n to dismiss the consolidated complaint in March 20 10 and a hearing was held on June 24, 
2010 before Judge Seeborg. On October 19, 2010, Jud ge Seeborg granted our motion to dismiss with leave  to amend. On December 2, 2010, co-
Lead Plaintiffs filed a Second Consolidated Amended  Complaint.  We moved to dismiss the Second Consoli dated Amended Complaint on February 
14, 2011. Following oral argument, on October 12, 2 011, Judge Seeborg granted our motion to dismiss wi thout leave to amend, and on November 
8, 2011, Plaintiffs filed a Notice of Appeal to the  Ninth Circuit. The appeal was heard on January 14,  2014 and is currently under submission.  
   
 
90  Table of Contents  
NVIDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES  
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
(Continued)  
 
 
Accounting for Loss Contingencies  
While there can be no assurance of favorable outcom es, we believe the claims made by other parties in the above ongoing matters are without 
merit and we intend to vigorously defend the action s. With the exception of the 3dfx case, we have not  recorded any accrual for contingent 
liabilities associated with the legal proceedings d escribed above based on our belief that liabilities , while possible, are not probable. Further, any 
possible range of loss in these matters cannot be r easonably estimated at this time. We are engaged in  other legal actions not described above 
arising in the ordinary course of its business and,  while there can be no assurance of favorable outco mes, we believe that the ultimate outcome of 
these actions will not have a material adverse effe ct on our operating results, liquidity or financial  position.  
 
Note 13 - Income Taxes  
   
The income tax expense applicable to income before income taxes consists of the following:  
   
Income before income taxes consists of the followin g:  
   
 
91     Year Ended  
   January 26,  
2014    January 27,  
2013    January 29,  
2012  
   (In thousands)  
Current income taxes:               
Federal  $ 7,896    $ 7,506    $ 7,099  
State  1,234    1,016    789  
Foreign  18,513    16,766    7,630  
Total current  27,643    25,288    15,518  
Deferred taxes:               
Federal  17,070    28,143    25,111  
State  —   —   — 
Foreign  (1,640 )   3,717    (6,055 ) 
Total deferred  15,430    31,860    19,056  
Charge in lieu of taxes attributable to employer st ock option plans  27,191    42,355    47,732  
Income tax expense  $ 70,264    $ 99,503    $ 82,306  
   Year Ended  
   January 26,  
2014    January 27,  
2013    January 29,  
2012  
   (In thousands)  
Domestic  $ 79,136    $ 99,422    $ 120,768  
Foreign  431,118    562,617    542,628  
Income before income tax  $ 510,254    $ 662,039    $ 663,396  Table of Contents  
NVIDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES  
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
(Continued)  
 
 
The income tax expense (benefit) differs from the a mount computed by applying the federal statutory in come tax rate of 35% to income (loss) 
before income taxes as follows:  
 
The tax effect of temporary differences that gives rise to significant portions of the deferred tax as sets and liabilities are presented below:      
 
 We recognized income tax expense of $70.3 million , $99.5 million , and $82.3 million during fiscal years 2014, 2013 and 2012, respective ly. 
Income tax expense as a percentage of income before  taxes, or our annual effective tax rate, was 13.8%  in fiscal year 2014, 15.0% in fiscal year 
2013 and 12.4% in fiscal year 2012.  
Our effective tax rate on income or loss before tax  for the fiscal years was lower than the United Sta tes federal statutory rate of 35% due to 
income or loss earned in jurisdictions, including B ritish Virgin Islands, Hong Kong, China, Taiwan and  United Kingdom, where the tax rate is 
lower than the United States federal statutory tax rate of 35%, favorable recognition in these fiscal years of the U.S. federal R&D tax credit and 
release of tax reserves as a result of the expirati on of statutes of limitations in certain non- U.S. jurisdictions for which we had not previously 
recognized related tax benefits.  As of January 26,  2014 and January 27, 2013 we had a valuation allow ance of $244.5 million and $224.8 million , 
respectively, related to state and certain foreign deferred tax assets that management determined not likely to be realized due, in part, to projections 
of future taxable income. To the extent realization  of the deferred tax assets becomes more-likely-tha n-not, we would recognize such deferred tax 
asset as an income tax benefit during the period.  
 
92     Year Ended  
   January 26,  
2014    January 27,  
2013    January 29,  
2012  
   (In thousands)  
Tax expense computed at federal statutory rate  $ 178,589    $ 231,714    $ 232,189  
State income taxes, net of federal tax effect  1,608    1,048    2,302  
Foreign tax rate differential  (93,831 )   (123,626 )   (142,071 ) 
U.S. federal R&D tax credit  (30,155 )   (29,294 )   (24,270 ) 
Stock-based compensation  8,900    11,876    10,983  
Tax expense related to intercompany transaction  9,785    9,785    1,533  
Other  (4,632 )   (2,000 )   1,640  
Income tax expense  $ 70,264    $ 99,503    $ 82,306  
   January 26,  
2014    January 27,  
2013  
   (In thousands)  
Deferred tax assets:     
Net operating loss carryforwards  $ 81,629    $ 84,156  
Accruals and reserves, not currently deductible for  tax purposes  131,932    121,644  
Property, equipment and intangible assets  48,358    54,636  
Research and other tax credit carryforwards  306,975    271,933  
Stock-based compensation  33,135    34,187  
Convertible debt  14,885    — 
Gross deferred tax assets  616,914    566,556  
Less: valuation allowance  (244,487 )   (224,774 ) 
Total deferred tax assets  $ 372,427    $ 341,782  
Deferred tax liabilities:          
Acquired intangibles  $ (33,244 )   $ (43,878 ) 
Unremitted earnings of foreign subsidiaries  (425,401 )   (383,591 ) 
Gross deferred tax liabilities  $ (458,645 )   $ (427,469 ) 
Net deferred tax liability  $ (86,218 )   $ (85,687 ) Table of Contents  
NVIDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES  
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
(Continued)  
 
 
Our deferred tax assets do not include the excess t ax benefit related to stock- based compensation that are a component of our fede ral and state 
net operating loss and research tax credit carryfor wards in the amount of $427.9 million as of January 26, 2014. Consistent with prior years , the 
excess tax benefit reflected in our net operating l oss and research tax credit carryforwards will be a ccounted for as a credit to stockholders' equity, i f 
and when realized.  In determining if and when exce ss tax benefits have been realized, we have elected  to utilize the with-and- without approach 
with respect to such excess tax benefits. We have a lso elected to ignore the indirect tax effects of s tock-based compensation deductions for financial 
and accounting reporting purposes, and specifically  to recognize the full effect of the research tax c redit in income from operations.  
As of January 26, 2014, we had a federal net operat ing loss carryforward of $601.8 million , combined state net operating loss carryforwards o f 
$716.0 million , and combined foreign net operating loss carryforw ards of $366.9 million. The federal net operating l oss carryforwards will expire 
beginning in fiscal year 2022 and the state net ope rating loss carryforwards will begin to expire in f iscal year 2015 in accordance with the rules of 
each particular state.  The total foreign net opera ting loss carryforwards of $366.9 million , include  $91.4 million attributable to Germany, $250.4 
million attributable to UK, both of which may be ca rried forward indefinitely, $21.0 million attributable to Canada and the remainder to other 
foreign jurisdictions that begin to expire in fisca l year 2015. As of January 26, 2014, we had federal  research tax credit carryforwards of $387.7 
million that will begin to expire in fiscal year 20 18.  We have other federal tax credit carryforwards  of $1.5 million that will begin to expire in fiscal 
year 2015. The research tax credit carryforwards at tributable to states is in the amount of $369.2 mil lion , of which $358.2 million is attributable to 
the State of California and may be carried over ind efinitely, and $11.0 million is attributable to various other states and will ex pire beginning in 
fiscal year 2015 according to the rules of each par ticular state.  We have other state tax credit carr yforwards of $3.0 million that will expire in fiscal 
year 2026 and other foreign tax credit carryforward s of $15.7 million , of which $4.7 million may be r efunded in fiscal year 2016, $4.8 million may 
be refunded in fiscal year 2017 and $6.2 million may be refunded in fiscal year 2018 if not utilized .   Our tax attributes, net operating loss and tax 
credit carryforwards, remain subject to audit and m ay be adjusted for changes or modification in tax l aws, other authoritative interpretations thereof, 
or other facts and circumstances.  Utilization of f ederal, state, and foreign net operating losses and  tax credit carryforwards may also be subject to 
limitations due to ownership changes and other limi tations provided by the Internal Revenue Code and s imilar state and foreign tax provisions. If 
any such limitations apply, the federal, states, or  foreign net operating loss and tax credit carryfor wards, as applicable, may expire or be denied 
before utilization.  
As of January 26, 2014, U.S. federal and state inco me taxes have not been provided on approximately $1 .96 billion of undistributed earnings of 
non-United States subsidiaries as such earnings are con sidered to be indefinitely reinvested.  We have not  provided the amount of unrecognized 
deferred tax liabilities for temporary differences related to investments in our foreign subsidiaries as the determination of such amount is not 
practicable.   
As of January 26, 2014, we had $237.7 million of gr oss unrecognized tax benefits, of which $215.4 mill ion would affect our effective tax rate 
if recognized.  However, included in the unrecogniz ed tax benefits that would affect our effective tax  rate if recognized of $215.4 million is $40.3 
million and $0.2 million related to state and foreign income tax, respective ly, that, if recognized, would be in the form of a carryforward deferred 
tax asset that would likely attract a full valuatio n allowance. The $215.4 million of unrecognized tax  benefits as of January 26, 2014 consisted of 
$107.1 million recorded in non-current income taxes  payable and $108.3 million reflected as a reductio n to the related deferred tax assets.  
A reconciliation of gross unrecognized tax benefits  is as follows:  
 
 
93     January 26,  
2014    January 27,  
2013    January 29,  
2012  
   (In thousands)  
Balance at beginning of period  $ 220,543    $ 138,262    $ 121,034  
Increases in tax positions for prior years  —   18,800    385  
Decreases in tax positions for prior years  (714 )   (304 )   (293 ) 
Increases in tax positions for current year  22,787    67,764    22,181  
Settlements  —   —   — 
Lapse in statute of limitations  (4,878 )   (3,979 )   (5,045 ) 
Balance at end of period  $ 237,738    $ 220,543    $ 138,262  Table of Contents  
NVIDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES  
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
(Continued)  
 
 
We classify an unrecognized tax benefit as a curren t liability, or as a reduction of the amount of a n et operating loss carry- forward or amount 
refundable, to the extent that we anticipate paymen t or receipt of cash for income taxes within one ye ar.  Likewise, the amount is classified as a 
long-term liability if we anticipate payment or rec eipt of cash for income taxes during a period beyon d a year.     
Our policy is to include interest and penalties rel ated to unrecognized tax benefits as a component of  income tax expense.  As of January 26, 
2014, January 27, 2013, and January 29, 2012, we ha d accrued $12.9 million , $11.3 million , and $9.5 million , respectively, for the payment of 
interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits, which is not included as a component of o ur unrecognized tax benefits. As of January 26, 
2014, non-current income taxes payable of $120.0 mi llion consisted of unrecognized tax benefits of $10 7.1 million , reduced by the associated 
federal deduction for state taxes, and the related interest and penalties of $12.9 million.  
While we believe that we have adequately provided f or all tax positions, amounts asserted by tax autho rities could be greater or less than our 
accrued position. Accordingly, our provisions on fe deral, state and foreign tax- related matters to be recorded in the future may ch ange as revised 
estimates are made or the underlying matters are se ttled or otherwise resolved. As of January 26, 2014 , we do not believe that our estimates, as 
otherwise provided for, on such tax positions will significantly increase or decrease within the next twelve months.   
We are subject to taxation by a number of taxing au thorities both in the United States and throughout the world. As of January 26, 2014, the 
material tax jurisdictions that may be subject to e xamination include the United States, Taiwan, Canad a, China, Germany, Hong Kong, France, 
Japan, and India for fiscal years 2003 through 2013 . As of January 26, 2014, the material tax jurisdic tions for which we are currently under 
examination include India and Germany for fiscal ye ars 2003 through 2012.  
 
Note 14 - Stockholders’ Equity  
  Stock Repurchase Program  
Beginning August 2004, our Board of Directors autho rized us, subject to certain specifications, to rep urchase shares of our common stock. 
Most recently, in November 2013, the Board extended  the previously authorized repurchase program throu gh January 2016 and authorized an 
additional $1.0 billion for an aggregate of $3.7 bi llion under the repurchase program. Through January 26, 2 014, we have repurchased an aggregate 
of 161.2 million shares under our stock repurchase program for a total cost of $2.45 billion .  As of January 26, 2014, we are authorized, subje ct to 
certain specifications, to repurchase shares of our  common stock up to $1.25 billion through January 2 016.  
In November 2013, we announced the intention to ret urn $1.0 billion to shareholders in fiscal year 2015 in the form of share repurchases and 
cash dividends. During February 2014, as part of ou r stock repurchase program, we entered into an acce lerated share repurchase agreement, or 
ASR, with an investment bank, under which we prepai d $500.0 million to purchase shares of our common s tock and received 20.6 million shares. 
Upon final settlement of the ASR, we may either (1)  receive additional shares of our common stock, or (2) be required to deliver shares of our 
common stock or elect to make a cash payment to the  investment bank, based on the terms and conditions  under the ASR. The shares we receive 
results in a reduction, on the delivery date, of th e outstanding shares used to calculate the weighted -average common shares outstanding for basic 
and diluted earnings per share.  
The repurchases will be made from time to time in t he open market, in privately negotiated transaction s, or in structured stock repurchase 
programs, and may be made in one or more larger rep urchases, in compliance with Rule 10b- 18 of the Exchange Act, subject to market condition s, 
applicable legal requirements, and other factors. T he program does not obligate NVIDIA to acquire any particular amount of common stock and the 
program may be suspended at any time at our discret ion. As part of our share repurchase program, we ha ve entered into, and we may continue to 
enter into, structured share repurchase transaction s with financial institutions. These agreements gen erally require that we make an up- front 
payment in exchange for the right to receive a fixed number of shares o f our common stock upon execution of the agreement,  and a potential 
incremental number of shares of our common stock, w ithin a pre-determined range, at the end of the ter m of the agreement.  
In addition to our Board authorized stock repurchas es, we withhold common stock shares associated with  net share settlements to cover tax 
withholding obligations upon the vesting of restric ted stock unit, or RSU, awards under our equity inc entive program.  During fiscal year 2014, we 
withheld approximately 1.9 million shares at a tota l cost of 27.3 million through net share settlement s.   Please refer to Note 2 of these Notes to the 
Consolidated Financial Statements for further infor mation regarding stock- based compensation related to equity awards granted  under our equity 
incentive programs.  
 
94  Table of Contents  
NVIDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES  
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
(Continued)  
 
 
Convertible Preferred Stock  
 As of January 26, 2014 and January 27, 2013 , ther e were no shares of preferred stock outstanding.  
Note 15 - Employee Retirement Plans  
   
We have a 401(k) Retirement Plan covering substanti ally all of our United States employees. Under the plan, participating employees may 
defer up to 100% of their pre- tax earnings, subject to the Internal Revenue Servi ce annual contribution limits. Effective January 20 13, we began 
matching a portion of the employee contributions. O ur contribution expense in fiscal year 2014 was $5. 1 million and it was not material in fiscal 
year 2013.  Some of our non- U.S. subsidiaries have defined benefit and defined contribution plans as required by local statutory r equirements.  Our 
costs under these plans have not been material.  
 
Note 16 - Segment Information    
Our Chief Executive Officer, who is considered to b e our chief operating decision maker, or CODM, revi ews financial information presented 
on an operating segment basis for purposes of makin g operating decisions and assessing financial perfo rmance. Our operating segments are 
equivalent to our reportable segments. We report ou r business in two primary reporting segments -  the GPU business and the Tegra Processor 
business.  
Our GPU business leverages our GPU technology acros s multiple end markets. It comprises four primary p roduct lines: GeForce for consumer 
desktop and notebook PCs; Quadro for professional w orkstations; Tesla for high- performance computing; and NVIDIA GRID to provide t he power 
of NVIDIA graphics through the cloud. It also inclu des other related products, licenses and revenue su pporting the GPU business, such as memory 
products.  
Our Tegra Processor business comprises primarily pr oduct lines based on our Tegra SOC and modem proces sor technologies, including Tegra 
for tablets, smartphones and gaming devices; Icera baseband processors and RF transceivers; automotive  computers, including infotainment and 
navigation systems; and gaming devices, such as SHI ELD. It also includes embedded products and license  and other revenue associated with game 
consoles.  
During the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2014, our CODM completed a refinement of the methodology util ized to assign expenses to the GPU 
and Tegra Processor businesses to align to the Comp any’s product architecture and roadmap. With the announ cement of our Tegra K1 processor, 
we now have a single unifying architecture for our GPU and Tegra Processors. This architecture unifica tion prompted a methodology change that 
leverages our visual computing expertise by chargin g the operating expenses of certain core engineerin g functions to the GPU business, while 
charging the Tegra Processor business for the incre mental cost of the teams working directly for that business. In instances where the operating 
expenses of certain functions benefit both reportin g segments, our CODM assigns 100% of those expenses  to the reporting segment that benefits the 
most. The revenue and cost of revenue of the report ing segments was not affected, and comparative peri ods presented below reflect the impact of 
this change.  
The “All Other” category presented below represents the revenue and  expenses that our CODM does not assign to either t he GPU business or 
the Tegra Processor business for purposes of making  operating decisions or assessing financial perform ance. The revenue includes primarily patent 
licensing revenue and the expenses include corporat e infrastructure and support costs, stock-based com pensation costs, amortization of acquisition-
related intangible assets, other acquisition-relate d costs, and other non- recurring charges and benefits that our CODM deems to be enterprise in 
nature.  
 
95  Table of Contents  
NVIDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES  
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
(Continued)  
 
 
Our CODM does not review any information regarding total assets on a reporting segment basis. Reportin g segments do not record 
intersegment revenue, and, accordingly, there is no ne to be reported. The accounting policies for segm ent reporting are the same as for NVIDIA as 
a whole. The table below presents details of our re portable segments and the “All Other” category.  
 
96     GPU    Tegra Processor    All Other    Consolidated  
   (In thousands)  
Year Ended January 26, 2014:                    
Revenue  $ 3,468,144    $ 398,018    $ 264,000    $ 4,130,162  
Depreciation and amortization expense  $ 146,571    $ 49,839    $ 42,738    $ 239,148  
Operating income (loss)  $ 834,763    $ (268,068 )   $ (70,468 )   $ 496,227  
Year Ended January 27, 2013:                    
Revenue  $ 3,251,712    $ 764,447    $ 264,000    $ 4,280,159  
Depreciation and amortization expense  $ 143,262    $ 40,793    $ 42,180    $ 226,235  
Operating income (loss)  $ 694,338    $ 40,508    $ (86,607 )   $ 648,239  
Year Ended January 29, 2012:                    
Revenue  $ 3,186,764    $ 591,166    $ 220,000    $ 3,997,930  
Depreciation and amortization expense  $ 129,307    $ 35,431    $ 39,467    $ 204,205  
Operating income (loss)  $ 721,957    $ 43,736    $ (117,394 )   $ 648,299  
     Year Ended  
     January 26,  
2014    January 27,  
2013    January 29,  
2012  
     (In thousands)  
Reconciling items included in "All Other" category :            
Revenue not allocated to reporting segments    $ 264,000    $ 264,000    $ 220,000  
Unallocated corporate operating expenses and other expenses    (166,483 )   (157,680 )   (156,268 ) 
Stock-based compensation    (136,295 )   (136,662 )   (136,354 ) 
Acquisition-related costs, net    (31,652 )   (36,138 )   (37,472 ) 
Other non-recurring expenses and benefits    (38 )   (20,127 )   (7,300 ) 
Total    $ (70,468 )   $ (86,607 )   $ (117,394 ) Table of Contents  
NVIDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES  
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
(Continued)  
 
 
Revenue by geographic region is allocated to indivi dual countries based on the location to which the p roducts are initially billed even if our 
customers’ revenue is attributable to end customers that are l ocated in a different location. The following table s summarize information pertaining 
to our revenue from customers based on invoicing ad dress in different geographic regions:   
The following table presents summarized information  for long-lived assets by geographic region. Long-l ived assets consist of property and 
equipment and deposits and other assets, and exclud e goodwill and intangible assets.  
Revenue from significant customers, those represent ing 10% or more of total revenue for the respective  dates, is summarized as follows:  
Revenue from customer A was attributable to both th e GPU and Tegra Processor businesses, while revenue  from customer B was attributable 
to the GPU business.  
 
97     Year Ended  
   January 26,  
2014    January 27,  
2013    January 29,  
2012  
Revenue:  (In thousands)  
China  $ 793,790    $ 780,493    $ 941,811  
Taiwan  1,321,503    1,356,838    1,137,175  
Other Asia Pacific  675,339    783,573    730,975  
Europe  295,160    263,488    296,591  
United States  726,830    799,430    596,264  
Other Americas  317,540    296,337    295,114  
Total revenue  $ 4,130,162    $ 4,280,159    $ 3,997,930  
   January 26,  
2014    January 27,  
2013  
Long-lived assets:  (In thousands)  
United States  $ 522,461    $ 542,669  
Taiwan  51,993    45,868  
China  29,313    34,644  
India  31,456    31,312  
Europe  50,677    28,190  
Other Asia Pacific  1,092    941  
Total long-lived assets  $ 686,992    $ 683,624  
   Year Ended  
   January 26,  
2014    January 27,  
2013    January 29,  
2012  
Revenue:               
Customer A  11 %   13 %   11 % 
Customer B  10 %   9 %   7 % Table of Contents  
NVIDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES  
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
(Continued)  
 
 
Accounts receivable from significant customers, tho se representing 10% or more of total accounts recei vable for the respective periods, is 
summarized as follows:   
Note 17 - Quarterly Summary (Unaudited)  
   
The following table sets forth our unaudited consol idated financial results, for the last eight fiscal  quarters:  
 
 
 
98     January 26,  
2014    January 27,  
2013  
Accounts Receivable:          
Customer A  23 %   20 % 
Customer B  5 %   10 % 
Customer C  9 %   10 % 
   Fiscal Year 2014  
Quarters Ended  
   January 26,  
2014    October 27,  
2013    July 28,  
2013    April 28,  
2013  
   (In thousands, except per share data)  
Statement of Income Data:                    
Revenue  $ 1,144,218    $ 1,053,967    $ 977,238    $ 954,739  
Cost of revenue  $ 524,976    $ 469,552    $ 431,700    $ 436,171  
Gross profit  $ 619,242    $ 584,415    $ 545,538    $ 518,568  
Net income  $ 146,917    $ 118,734    $ 96,448    $ 77,891  
Basic net income per share  $ 0.26    $ 0.20    $ 0.16    $ 0.13  
Diluted net income per share  $ 0.25    $ 0.20    $ 0.16    $ 0.13  
   Fiscal Year 2013  
Quarters Ended  
   January 27,  
2013    October 28,  
2012    July 29,  
2012 (A)    April 29,  
2012  
   (In thousands, except per share data)  
Statement of Income Data:                    
Revenue  $ 1,106,902    $ 1,204,110    $ 1,044,270    $ 924,877  
Cost of revenue  $ 521,300    $ 567,452    $ 503,551    $ 461,513  
Gross profit  $ 585,602    $ 636,658    $ 540,719    $ 463,364  
Net income  $ 173,973    $ 209,080    $ 119,046    $ 60,437  
Basic net income per share  $ 0.28    $ 0.34    $ 0.19    $ 0.10  
Diluted net income per share  $ 0.28    $ 0.33    $ 0.19    $ 0.10  
(A)  Includes net present value of a $25 million charitable contribution pledged in fiscal year 2013  to Stanford Hospital and Clinic, payable 
over a ten year period.  Table of Contents  
NVIDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES  
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
(Continued)  
 
 
 
Note 18 - Subsequent Event  
 
During February 2014, as part of our stock repurcha se program, we entered into an accelerated share re purchase agreement, or ASR, with an 
investment bank, under which we prepaid $500.0 mill ion to purchase shares of our common stock and rece ived 20.6 million shares. Upon final 
settlement of the ASR, we may either (1) receive ad ditional shares of our common stock, or (2) be requ ired to deliver shares of our common stock 
or elect to make a cash payment to the investment b ank, based on the terms and conditions under the AS R. The shares we receive results in a 
reduction, on the delivery date, of the outstanding  shares used to calculate the weighted- average common shares outstanding for basic and dil uted 
earnings per share.  
   
 
99  Table of Contents  
 
NVIDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES  
SCHEDULE II – VALUATION AND QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS  
  
   
(1)  Additions represent allowance for doubtful acc ounts charged to expense and deductions represent a mounts recorded as reduction to expense 
upon reassessment of allowance for doubtful account s at period end.  
 
(2) Represents allowance for sales returns estimate d at the time revenue is recognized primarily based  on historical return rates and is charged as a 
reduction to revenue.  
 
(3)  Represents change in valuation allowance prima rily related to state and certain foreign deferred tax assets that management has determined not 
likely to be realized due, in part, to projections of future taxable income of the respective jurisdic tions.  
 
(4) Represents allowance for sales returns written off.  
 
 
100  Description  Balance at  
Beginning  
of Period    Additions     Deductions     Balance at  
End of Period  
   (In thousands)  
Year ended January 26, 2014                      
Allowance for doubtful accounts  $ 1,804    $ 319  (1)  $ (1,275 ) (1)  $ 848  
Sales return allowance  $ 14,790    $ 20,703  (2)  $ (21,382 ) (4)  $ 14,111  
Deferred tax valuation allowance  $ 224,774    $ 19,713  (3)  $ —    $ 244,487  
Year ended January 27, 2013                      
Allowance for doubtful accounts  $ 973    $ 1,216  (1)  $ (385 ) (1)  $ 1,804  
Sales return allowance  $ 13,881    $ 17,627  (2)  $ (16,718 ) (4)  $ 14,790  
Deferred tax valuation allowance  $ 212,285    $ 12,489  (3)  $ —    $ 224,774  
Year ended January 29, 2012                      
Allowance for doubtful accounts  $ 789    $ 449  (1)  $ (265 ) (1)  $ 973  
Sales return allowance  $ 15,049    $ 25,331  (2)  $ (26,499 ) (4)  $ 13,881  
Deferred tax valuation allowance  $ 148,016    $ 64,269  (3)  $ —    $ 212,285  Table of Contents  
 
EXHIBIT INDEX  
 
 
101            Incorporated by Reference          
Exhibit No.   Exhibit Description    Schedule/Form   File Number    Exhibit    Filing Date  
2.1    Agreement and Plan of Merger by and among NVIDIA 
Corporation, Partridge Acquisition, Inc. and 
PortalPlayer, Inc. dated 11/6/06     8-K    0-23985    2.1    11/9/2006  
3.1    Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation     S-8    333-74905    4.1    3/23/1999  
3.2    Certificate of Amendment of Amended and Restated 
Certificate of Incorporation     10-Q    0-23985    3.1    8/21/2008  
3.3    Certificate of Amendment of Amended and Restated 
Certificate of Incorporation    8-K    0-23985    3.1    5/24/2011  
3.4    Bylaws of NVIDIA Corporation, Amended and 
Restated as of November 11, 2013    8-K    0-23985    3.1    11/14/2013  
4.1    Reference is made to Exhibits 3.1, 3.2, 3.3 and 3.4                       
4.2    Specimen Stock Certificate     S-1/A    333-47495    4.2    4/24/1998  
4.3    Indenture (including the form of Notes) dated Decem ber 
2, 2013 between NVIDIA Corporation and Wells Fargo 
Bank, National Association    8-K    0-23985    4.1    12/2/2013  
4.4    Form of 1.00% Convertible Senior Note due 2018 
(included in Exhibit 4.3)    8-K    0-23985    4.2    12/2/2013  
10.1    Form of Indemnity Agreement between NVIDIA 
Corporation and each of its directors and officers     8-K    0-23985    10.1    3/7/2006  
10.2+    1998 Equity Incentive Plan, as amended    8-K    0-23985    10.2    3/13/2006  
10.3+    1998 Equity Incentive Plan ISO, as amended     10-Q    0-23985    10.5    11/22/2004  
10.4+    1998 Equity Incentive Plan NSO, as amended    10-Q    0-23985    10.6    11/22/2004  
10.5+    Certificate of Stock Option Grant    10-Q    0-23985    10.7    11/22/2004  
10.6+    1998 Employee Stock Purchase Plan, as amended and 
restated    10-Q    0-23985    10.2    5/22/2008  
10.7+    2000 Nonstatutory Equity Incentive Plan, as amended     SC TO-1    005-56649    99(d)(1)(A)    11/29/2006  
10.8+    2000 Nonstatutory Equity Incentive Plan NSO    SC TO-1    005-56649    99.1(d)(1)(B)    11/29/2006  
10.9+    PortalPlayer, Inc. 1999 Stock Option Plan and Form of 
Agreements thereunder    S-8    333-140021    99.1    1/16/2007  
10.10+    PortalPlayer, Inc. Amended and Restated 2004 Stock 
Incentive Plan    S-8    333-140021    99.2    1/16/2007  
10.11+    Amended and Restated 2007 Equity Incentive Plan     DEF 14A    0-23985    Appendix A    4/3/2013  
10.12+    2007 Equity Incentive Plan - Non Statutory Stock 
Option (Annual Grant - Board Service (2007))    10-Q    0-23985    10.2    8/22/2007  
10.13+    2007 Equity Incentive Plan - Non Statutory Stock 
Option (Annual Grant - Committee Service (2007))    10-Q    0-23985    10.3    8/22/2007  
10.14+    2007 Equity Incentive Plan - Non Statutory Stock 
Option (Initial Grant - Board Service (2007))    10-Q    0-23985    10.4    8/22/2007  
10.15+    2007 Equity Incentive Plan - Non-Statutory Stock 
Option (Annual Grant - Board Service (2009))    10-Q    0-23985    10.1    8/20/2009  
10.16+    2007 Equity Incentive Plan - Non-Statutory Stock 
Option (Annual Grant - Board Service (2011))    10-Q    0-23985    10.41    5/27/2011  Table of Contents  
 
 
102  10.17+    2007 Equity Incentive Plan - Non-Statutory Stock 
Option (Initial Grant - Board Service (2011))    8-K    0-23985    10.1    12/14/2011  
10.18+    Amended and Restated 2007 Equity Incentive Plan - 
Non-Employee Director Stock Option Grant (2012 
Annual Board Retainer)    10-Q    0-23985    10.4    5/23/2012  
10.19+    2007 Equity Incentive Plan -  Non Statutory Stock 
Option     8-K    0-23985    10.2    9/13/2010  
10.20+    2007 Equity Incentive Plan - Incentive Stock Option     8-K    0-23985    10.21    9/13/2010  
10.21+    Amended and Restated 2007 Equity Incentive Plan - 
Non Statutory Stock Option    10-Q    0-23985    10.1    8/22/2012  
10.22+    Amended and Restated 2007 Equity Incentive Plan - 
Incentive Stock Option    10-Q    0-23985    10.2    8/22/2012  
10.23+    2007 Equity Incentive Plan - Restricted Stock Unit 
Grant Notice and Restricted Stock Unit Purchase 
Agreement    10-Q    0-23985    10.22    12/7/2010  
10.24+    Amended and Restated 2007 Equity Incentive Plan - 
Restricted Stock Unit Grant Notice and Restricted S tock 
Unit Purchase Agreement    10-Q    0-23985    10.3    8/22/2012  
10.25+    Amended and Restated 2007 Equity Incentive Plan - 
Non-Employee Director Restricted Stock Unit (withou t 
deferral option)    10-Q    0-23985    10.2    5/23/2012  
10.26+    Amended and Restated 2007 Equity Incentive Plan - 
Non-Employee Director Restricted Stock Unit (with 
deferral option)    10-Q    0-23985    10.3    5/23/2012  
10.27+    Amended and Restated 2007 Equity Incentive Plan - 
Non Statutory Stock Option (Initial Grant - Board 
Service)    8-K    0-23985    10.1    7/23/2013  
10.28+    2012 Employee Stock Purchase Plan    10-Q    0-23985    10.6    5/23/2012  
10.29+    Fiscal Year 2014 Variable Compensation Plan    8-K    0-23985    10.1    4/2/2013  
10.30+    Fiscal Year 2013 Variable Compensation Plan    8-K    0-23985    10.1    3/28/2012  
10.31+    Offer Letter between NVIDIA Corporation and Colette  
Kress, dated September 13, 2013    8-K    0-23985    10.1    9/16/2013  
10.32    Lease dated April 4, 2000 between NVIDIA Corporatio n 
and Sobrato Interests III for Building A    S-3/A      333-33560    10.1    4/20/2000  
10.33    Lease dated April 4, 2000 between NVIDIA Corporatio n 
and Sobrato Interests III for Building B    S-3/A      333-33560    10.2    4/20/2000  
10.34    Lease dated April 4, 2000 between NVIDIA Corporatio n 
and Sobrato Interests III for Building C     S-3/A      333-33560    10.3    4/20/2000  
10.35    Lease dated April 4, 2000 between NVIDIA Corporatio n 
and Sobrato Interests III for Building D    S-3/A      333-33560    10.4    4/20/2000  
10.36    Memory Controller Patent License Agreement Between 
Rambus Inc. and NVIDIA Corporation, dated August 
12, 2010    10-Q       0-23985    10.32    12/7/2010  
10.37    Second Amendment to Lease, dated August 18, 2010 
between NVIDIA Corporation and Sobrato Interests II I 
for Building A    10-Q       0-23985    10.33    12/7/2010  
10.38  
     Third Amendment to Lease, dated August 18, 2010, 
between NVIDIA Corporation and Sobrato Interests II I 
for Building B    10-Q       0-23985    10.34    12/7/2010  
10.39  
     Third Amendment to Lease, dated August 18, 2010, 
between NVIDIA Corporation and Sobrato Interests II I 
for Building C    10-Q       0-23985    10.35    12/7/2010  Table of Contents  
 
 
*  Filed herewith.  
 
+  Management contract or compensatory plan or arra ngement.  
 
#  In accordance with Item 601(b)(32)(ii) of Regula tion S-K and SEC Release Nos. 33-8238 and 34- 47986, Final Rule: Management's Reports on 
Internal Control Over Financial Reporting and Certi fication of Disclosure in Exchange Act Periodic Rep orts, the certifications furnished in 
Exhibits 32.1 and 32.2 hereto are deemed to accompa ny this Annual Report on Form 10-K and will not be deemed “filed” for purpose of 
Section 18 of the Exchange Act. Such certifications  will not be deemed to be incorporated by reference  into any filing under the Securities Act or 
the Exchange Act, except to the extent that the reg istrant specifically incorporates it by reference.  
 
Copies of above exhibits not contained herein are a vailable to any stockholder upon written request to :  
Investor Relations: NVIDIA Corporation, 2701 San To mas Expressway, Santa Clara, CA 95050  
 
103  10.40    Second Amendment to Lease, dated August 18, 2010, 
between NVIDIA Corporation and Sobrato Interests II I 
for Building D    10-Q       0-23985    10.36    12/7/2010  
10.41    Patent Cross License Agreement dated as of January 10, 
2011, between NVIDIA Corporation and Intel 
Corporation    8-K  
       0-23985  
     10.1    1/10/2011  
10.42    Master Confirmation and Supplemental Confirmation 
between NVIDIA Corporation and Goldman, Sachs & 
Co., dated May 14, 2013    10-Q    0-23985    10.3    5/22/2013  
10.43    Base Convertible Note Hedge Transaction Confirmatio n    8-K    0-23985    99.1    12/2/2013  
10.44    Base Warrant Transaction Confirmation    8-K    0-23985    99.2    12/2/2013  
10.45    Additional Convertible Note Hedge Transaction 
Confirmation    8-K    0-23985    99.3    12/2/2013  
10.46    Additional Warrant Transaction Confirmation    8-K    0-23985    99.4    12/2/2013  
21.1*    List of Registrant's Subsidiaries      
23.1*    Consent of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP     
24.1*    Power of Attorney (included in signature page)     
31.1*    Certification of Chief Executive Officer as require d by Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934  
31.2*    Certification of Chief Financial Officer as require d by Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934  
32.1#*    Certification of Chief Executive Officer as require d by Rule 13a-14(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934  
32.2#*    Certification of Chief Financial Officer as require d by Rule 13a-14(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934  
101.INS*     XBRL Instance Document     
101.SCH*     XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document     
101.CAL*     XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Docum ent     
101.DEF*     XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Docume nt      
101.LAB*     XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase Document     
101.PRE*    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Docum ent     Table of Contents  
 
SIGNATURES  
   
    Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 1 5(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Re gistrant has duly caused this report to 
be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereun to duly authorized, on March 12, 2014 .  
   
   
POWER OF ATTORNEY  
   
KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each perso n whose signature appears below constitutes and app oints Jen-
Hsun Huang and Colette M. Kress, and each or any on e of them, his true and lawful attorney-in- fact and agent, with full power of 
substitution and resubstitution, for him and in his  name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign any and all amendments 
(including posting effective amendments) to this re port, and to file the same, with all exhibits there to, and other documents in connection 
therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commiss ion, granting unto said attorneys-in- facts and agents, and each of them, full power 
and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in con nection therewith, as fully to all 
intents and purposes as he might or could do in per son, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-in- fact and agents, or any of 
them, or their or his substitutes or substitutes, m ay lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof .  
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exch ange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below  by the following persons on 
behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.  
 
   
 
104  NVIDIA Corporation  
By:  /s/  Jen-Hsun Huang   
   Jen-Hsun Huang  
   President and Chief Executive Officer  Table of Contents  
 
 
105  Signature  Title  Date  
/s/ JEN-HSUN HUANG   President, Chief Executive Off icer and Director  
(Principal Executive Officer)  March 12, 2014  
Jen-Hsun Huang  
         
/s/ COLETTE M. KRESS   
   Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Office r  
(Principal Financial Officer)  March 12, 2014  
Colette M. Kress        
/s/ MICHAEL J. BYRON   
   Vice President of Finance and Chief Accounting Offi cer  
(Principal Accounting Officer)  March 12, 2014  
Michael J. Byron        
/s/ TENCH COXE    Director  March 12, 2014  
Tench Coxe  
         
/s/ MARK STEVENS   Director  March 12, 2014  
Mark Stevens         
/s/ JAMES C. GAITHER  Director  March 12, 2014  
James C. Gaither         
/s/ HARVEY C. JONES   Director  March 12, 2014  
Harvey C. Jones   
         
/s/ MARK L. PERRY   Director  March 12, 2014  
Mark L. Perry         
/s/ WILLIAM J. MILLER  Director  March 12, 2014  
William J. Miller         
/s/ A. BROOKE SEAWELL  Director  March 12, 2014  
A. Brooke Seawell         
/s/ ROBERT BURGESS  Director  March 12, 2014  
Robert Burgess        
/s/ DAWN HUDSON  Director  March 12, 2014  
Dawn Hudson        Table of Contents  
 
 
 
EXHIBIT INDEX  
 
 
106            Incorporated by Reference          
Exhibit No.   Exhibit Description    Schedule/Form   File Number    Exhibit    Filing Date  
2.1    Agreement and Plan of Merger by and among NVIDIA 
Corporation, Partridge Acquisition, Inc. and 
PortalPlayer, Inc. dated 11/6/06     8-K    0-23985    2.1    11/9/2006  
3.1    Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation     S-8    333-74905    4.1    3/23/1999  
3.2    Certificate of Amendment of Amended and Restated 
Certificate of Incorporation     10-Q    0-23985    3.1    8/21/2008  
3.3    Certificate of Amendment of Amended and Restated 
Certificate of Incorporation    8-K    0-23985    3.1    5/24/2011  
3.4    Bylaws of NVIDIA Corporation, Amended and 
Restated as of November 11, 2013    8-K    0-23985    3.1    11/14/2013  
4.1    Reference is made to Exhibits 3.1, 3.2, 3.3 and 3.4                       
4.2    Specimen Stock Certificate     S-1/A    333-47495    4.2    4/24/1998  
4.3    Indenture (including the form of Notes) dated Decem ber 
2, 2013 between NVIDIA Corporation and Wells Fargo 
Bank, National Association    8-K    0-23985    4.1    12/2/2013  
4.4    Form of 1.00% Convertible Senior Note due 2018 
(included in Exhibit 4.3)    8-K    0-23985    4.2    12/2/2013  
10.1    Form of Indemnity Agreement between NVIDIA 
Corporation and each of its directors and officers     8-K    0-23985    10.1    3/7/2006  
10.2+    1998 Equity Incentive Plan, as amended    8-K    0-23985    10.2    3/13/2006  
10.3+    1998 Equity Incentive Plan ISO, as amended     10-Q    0-23985    10.5    11/22/2004  
10.4+    1998 Equity Incentive Plan NSO, as amended    10-Q    0-23985    10.6    11/22/2004  
10.5+    Certificate of Stock Option Grant    10-Q    0-23985    10.7    11/22/2004  
10.6+    1998 Employee Stock Purchase Plan, as amended and 
restated    10-Q    0-23985    10.2    5/22/2008  
10.7+    2000 Nonstatutory Equity Incentive Plan, as amended     SC TO-1    005-56649    99(d)(1)(A)    11/29/2006  
10.8+    2000 Nonstatutory Equity Incentive Plan NSO    SC TO-1    005-56649    99.1(d)(1)(B)    11/29/2006  
10.9+    PortalPlayer, Inc. 1999 Stock Option Plan and Form of 
Agreements thereunder    S-8    333-140021    99.1    1/16/2007  
10.10+    PortalPlayer, Inc. Amended and Restated 2004 Stock 
Incentive Plan    S-8    333-140021    99.2    1/16/2007  
10.11+    Amended and Restated 2007 Equity Incentive Plan     DEF 14A    0-23985    Appendix A    4/3/2013  
10.12+    2007 Equity Incentive Plan - Non Statutory Stock 
Option (Annual Grant - Board Service (2007))    10-Q    0-23985    10.2    8/22/2007  
10.13+    2007 Equity Incentive Plan - Non Statutory Stock 
Option (Annual Grant - Committee Service (2007))    10-Q    0-23985    10.3    8/22/2007  
10.14+    2007 Equity Incentive Plan - Non Statutory Stock 
Option (Initial Grant - Board Service (2007))    10-Q    0-23985    10.4    8/22/2007  
10.15+    2007 Equity Incentive Plan - Non-Statutory Stock 
Option (Annual Grant - Board Service (2009))    10-Q    0-23985    10.1    8/20/2009  Table of Contents  
 
 
107  10.16+    2007 Equity Incentive Plan - Non-Statutory Stock 
Option (Annual Grant - Board Service (2011))    10-Q    0-23985    10.41    5/27/2011  
10.17+    2007 Equity Incentive Plan - Non-Statutory Stock 
Option (Initial Grant - Board Service (2011))    8-K    0-23985    10.1    12/14/2011  
10.18+    Amended and Restated 2007 Equity Incentive Plan - 
Non-Employee Director Stock Option Grant (2012 
Annual Board Retainer)    10-Q    0-23985    10.4    5/23/2012  
10.19+    2007 Equity Incentive Plan -  Non Statutory Stock 
Option     8-K    0-23985    10.2    9/13/2010  
10.20+    2007 Equity Incentive Plan - Incentive Stock Option     8-K    0-23985    10.21    9/13/2010  
10.21+    Amended and Restated 2007 Equity Incentive Plan - 
Non Statutory Stock Option    10-Q    0-23985    10.1    8/22/2012  
10.22+    Amended and Restated 2007 Equity Incentive Plan - 
Incentive Stock Option    10-Q    0-23985    10.2    8/22/2012  
10.23+    2007 Equity Incentive Plan - Restricted Stock Unit 
Grant Notice and Restricted Stock Unit Purchase 
Agreement    10-Q    0-23985    10.22    12/7/2010  
10.24+    Amended and Restated 2007 Equity Incentive Plan - 
Restricted Stock Unit Grant Notice and Restricted S tock 
Unit Purchase Agreement    10-Q    0-23985    10.3    8/22/2012  
10.25+    Amended and Restated 2007 Equity Incentive Plan - 
Non-Employee Director Restricted Stock Unit (withou t 
deferral option)    10-Q    0-23985    10.2    5/23/2012  
10.26+    Amended and Restated 2007 Equity Incentive Plan - 
Non-Employee Director Restricted Stock Unit (with 
deferral option)    10-Q    0-23985    10.3    5/23/2012  
10.27+    Amended and Restated 2007 Equity Incentive Plan - 
Non Statutory Stock Option (Initial Grant - Board 
Service)    8-K    0-23985    10.1    7/23/2013  
10.28+    2012 Employee Stock Purchase Plan    10-Q    0-23985    10.6    5/23/2012  
10.29+    Fiscal Year 2014 Variable Compensation Plan    8-K    0-23985    10.1    4/2/2013  
10.30+    Fiscal Year 2013 Variable Compensation Plan    8-K    0-23985    10.1    3/28/2012  
10.31+    Offer Letter between NVIDIA Corporation and Colette  
Kress, dated September 13, 2013    8-K    0-23985    10.1    9/16/2013  
10.32    Lease dated April 4, 2000 between NVIDIA Corporatio n 
and Sobrato Interests III for Building A    S-3/A      333-33560    10.1    4/20/2000  
10.33    Lease dated April 4, 2000 between NVIDIA Corporatio n 
and Sobrato Interests III for Building B    S-3/A      333-33560    10.2    4/20/2000  
10.34    Lease dated April 4, 2000 between NVIDIA Corporatio n 
and Sobrato Interests III for Building C     S-3/A      333-33560    10.3    4/20/2000  
10.35    Lease dated April 4, 2000 between NVIDIA Corporatio n 
and Sobrato Interests III for Building D    S-3/A      333-33560    10.4    4/20/2000  
10.36    Memory Controller Patent License Agreement Between 
Rambus Inc. and NVIDIA Corporation, dated August 
12, 2010    10-Q       0-23985    10.32    12/7/2010  
10.37    Second Amendment to Lease, dated August 18, 2010 
between NVIDIA Corporation and Sobrato Interests II I 
for Building A    10-Q       0-23985    10.33    12/7/2010  
10.38    Third Amendment to Lease, dated August 18, 2010, 
between NVIDIA Corporation and Sobrato Interests II I 
for Building B    10-Q       0-23985    10.34    12/7/2010  Table of Contents  
 
 
*  Filed herewith.  
 
+  Management contract or compensatory plan or arra ngement.  
 
#  In accordance with Item 601(b)(32)(ii) of Regula tion S-K and SEC Release Nos. 33-8238 and 34- 47986, Final Rule: Management's Reports on 
Internal Control Over Financial Reporting and Certi fication of Disclosure in Exchange Act Periodic Rep orts, the certifications furnished in 
Exhibits 32.1 and 32.2 hereto are deemed to accompa ny this Annual Report on Form 10-K and will not be deemed “filed” for purpose of 
Section 18 of the Exchange Act. Such certifications  will not be deemed to be incorporated by reference  into any filing under the Securities Act or 
the Exchange Act, except to the extent that the reg istrant specifically incorporates it by reference.  
 
Copies of above exhibits not contained herein are a vailable to any stockholder upon written request to :  
Investor Relations: NVIDIA Corporation, 2701 San To mas Expressway, Santa Clara, CA 95050  
 
 
 
108  10.39    Third Amendment to Lease, dated August 18, 2010, 
between NVIDIA Corporation and Sobrato Interests II I 
for Building C    10-Q       0-23985    10.35    12/7/2010  
10.40    Second Amendment to Lease, dated August 18, 2010, 
between NVIDIA Corporation and Sobrato Interests II I 
for Building D    10-Q       0-23985    10.36    12/7/2010  
10.41    Patent Cross License Agreement dated as of January 10, 
2011, between NVIDIA Corporation and Intel 
Corporation    8-K  
       0-23985  
     10.1    1/10/2011  
10.42    Master Confirmation and Supplemental Confirmation 
between NVIDIA Corporation and Goldman, Sachs & 
Co., dated May 14, 2013    10-Q    0-23985    10.3    5/22/2013  
10.43    Base Convertible Note Hedge Transaction Confirmatio n    8-K    0-23985    99.1    12/2/2013  
10.44    Base Warrant Transaction Confirmation    8-K    0-23985    99.2    12/2/2013  
10.45    Additional Convertible Note Hedge Transaction 
Confirmation    8-K    0-23985    99.3    12/2/2013  
10.46    Additional Warrant Transaction Confirmation    8-K    0-23985    99.4    12/2/2013  
21.1*    List of Registrant's Subsidiaries      
23.1*    Consent of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP     
24.1*    Power of Attorney (included in signature page)     
31.1*    Certification of Chief Executive Officer as require d by Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934  
31.2*    Certification of Chief Financial Officer as require d by Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934  
32.1#*    Certification of Chief Executive Officer as require d by Rule 13a-14(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934  
32.2#*    Certification of Chief Financial Officer as require d by Rule 13a-14(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934  
101.INS*     XBRL Instance Document     
101.SCH*     XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document     
101.CAL*     XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Docum ent     
101.DEF*     XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Docume nt      
101.LAB*     XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase Document     
101.PRE*    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Docum ent     EHHIBIT 21.1 
LIST OF REGISTRANT'S SUBSIDIARIES  
 
 
 
 Subsidiaries of Registrant (All 100% owned)  Country of Organization  
    
AGEIA Technologies LLC  United States  
AGEIA Technologies Switzerland AG  Switzerland  
Icera Canada ULC  Canada  
Icera LLC  United States  
Icera Semiconductor LLC  United States  
JAH Venture Holdings, Inc.  United States  
LPN Facilitator LLC  United States  
NVIDIA (BVI) Holdings Limited  Virgin Islands, British  
NVIDIA ARC GmbH  Germany  
NVIDIA Belgium SPRL  Belgium  
NVIDIA Brasil Computação Visual Limitada  Brazil  
NVIDIA Development France SAS  France  
NVIDIA Development UK Limited  England and Wales  
NVIDIA Development, Inc.  Canada  
NVIDIA Dutch B.V.  Netherlands  
NVIDIA Dutch Coöperatief U.A.  Netherlands  
NVIDIA FZ-LLC  United Arab Emirates  
NVIDIA GK  Japan  
NVIDIA GmbH  Germany  
NVIDIA Graphics Holding Company  Mauritius  
NVIDIA Graphics Private Limited  India  
NVIDIA Helsinki Oy  Finland  
NVIDIA Hong Kong Development Limited  Hong Kong  
NVIDIA Hong Kong Holdings Limited  Hong Kong  
NVIDIA International Holdings Inc.  United States  
NVIDIA International, Inc.  Cayman Islands  
NVIDIA Italy S.r.l.  Italy  
NVIDIA Land Development, LLC  United States  
NVIDIA Ltd.  England and Wales  
NVIDIA Pty Limited  Australia  
NVIDIA Semiconductor (Shenzhen) Co., Ltd.  China  
NVIDIA Semiconductor Holding Company  Mauritius  
NVIDIA Semiconductor R&D (Tianjin) Co., Ltd.  China   
NVIDIA Semiconductor Shenzhen Holding Company  Maur itius  
NVIDIA Semiconductor Technical Service (Shanghai) C o., Ltd.  China  
NVIDIA Semiconductor Technology (Shanghai) Co., Ltd .  China  
NVIDIA Singapore Development Pte. Ltd.  Singapore  
NVIDIA Singapore Pte Ltd  Singapore  
NVIDIA Technology UK Limited  England and Wales  
VC Worldwide Ltd.  Virgin Islands, British  
    
    
    EXHIBIT 23.1 
CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING  FIRM  
 
 
We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference  in the Registration Statements on Form S-8 (Nos. 3 33-74905, 333-51520, 333-74868, 333-
100010, 333-106191, 333-114375, 333-123933, 333-132 493, 333-140021, 333-143953, 333-181625, 333-185036  and 333- 188775) of NVIDIA 
Corporation of our report dated March 12, 2014 rela ting to the financial statements, financial stateme nt schedule and the effectiveness of internal 
control over financial reporting, which appears in this Form 10-K.  
 
   
/s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP    
 
San Jose, California  
March 12, 2014  
 
 
  
 
  EXHIBIT 31.1 
CERTIFICATION  
 
   
I, Jen-Hsun Huang, certify that:  
   
1.  I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K  of NVIDIA Corporation;  
 
2.  Based on my knowledge, this report does not con tain any untrue statement of a material fact or omi t to state a material fact necessary to make 
the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleadi ng with respect to the period covered by 
this report;  
   
3.  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements , and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects 
the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the pe riods presented in this report;  
   
4.  The registrant's other certifying officer(s) an d I are responsible for establishing and maintainin g disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in  
Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and int ernal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15 
(f)) for the registrant and have:    
 
(a) designed such disclosure controls and procedure s, or caused such disclosure controls and procedure s to be designed under our supervision, to 
ensure that material information relating to the re gistrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those 
entities, particularly during the period in which t his report is being prepared;  
 
(b) designed such internal control over financial r eporting, or caused such internal control over fina ncial reporting to be designed under our 
supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regard ing the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external 
purposes in accordance with generally accepted acco unting principles;  
 
(c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's  disclosure controls and procedures and presented i n this report our conclusions about the 
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and proced ures, as of the end of the period covered by this r eport based on such evaluation; and  
 
(d) disclosed in this report any change in the regi strant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent 
fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quar ter in the case of an annual report) that has mater ially affected, or is reasonably likely to material ly 
affect, the registrant's internal control over fina ncial reporting; and  
 
5.  The registrant's other certifying officer(s) an d I have disclosed, based on our most recent evalua tion of internal control over financial reporting, 
to the registrant's auditors and the audit committe e of the registrant's board of directors (or person s performing the equivalent functions):    
 
(a) all significant deficiencies and material weakn esses in the design or operation of internal contro l over financial reporting which are reasonably 
likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability  to record, process, summarize and report financial  information; and  
 
(b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involv es management or other employees who have a signifi cant role in the registrant's internal control 
over financial reporting.  
 
Date:   March 12, 2014  
   
 
 
   
/s/ JEN -HSUN HUANG  
Jen-Hsun Huang          
President and Chief Executive Officer   
 
 
  
 
EXHIBIT 31.2 
   
CERTIFICATION  
 
   
I, Colette M. Kress, certify that:  
 
1.  I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K  of NVIDIA Corporation;  
   
2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not cont ain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit  to state a material fact necessary to make the 
statements made, in light of the circumstances unde r which such statements were made, not misleading w ith respect to the period covered by this 
report;  
   
3.  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements , and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects 
the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the pe riods presented in this report;  
   
4.  The registrant's other certifying officer(s) an d I are responsible for establishing and maintainin g disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in  
Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and int ernal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15 
(f)) for the registrant and have:    
 
(a) designed such disclosure controls and procedure s, or caused such disclosure controls and procedure s to be designed under our supervision, to 
ensure that material information relating to the re gistrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those 
entities, particularly during the period in which t his report is being prepared;  
 
(b) designed such internal control over financial r eporting, or caused such internal control over fina ncial reporting to be designed under our 
supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regard ing the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external 
purposes in accordance with generally accepted acco unting principles;  
 
(c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's  disclosure controls and procedures and presented i n this report our conclusions about the 
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and proced ures, as of the end of the period covered by this r eport based on such evaluation; and  
 
(d) disclosed in this report any change in the regi strant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent 
fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quar ter in the case of an annual report) that has mater ially affected, or is reasonably likely to material ly 
affect, the registrant's internal control over fina ncial reporting; and  
 
5.  The registrant's other certifying officer(s) an d I have disclosed, based on our most recent evalua tion of internal control over financial reporting, 
to the registrant's auditors and the audit committe e of the registrant's board of directors (or person s performing the equivalent functions):  
   
(a) all significant deficiencies and material weakn esses in the design or operation of internal contro l over financial reporting which are reasonably 
likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability  to record, process, summarize and report financial  information; and  
 
(b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involv es management or other employees who have a signifi cant role in the registrant's internal control 
over financial reporting.  
 
 Date:   March 12, 2014  
 
 
 
   
/s/ COLETTE M. KRESS   
Colette M. Kress  
Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Office r  
 
 
  
 
EXHIBIT 32.1 
   
CERTIFICATION   
 
   
Pursuant to the requirement set forth in Rule 13a-1 4(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as ame nded (the “Exchange Act”), and Section 
1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States  Code (18 U.S.C. § 1350), Jen- Hsun Huang, the President and Chief Executive Offic er of 
NVIDIA Corporation (the “Company”), hereby certifies that, to the best of h is knowledge:  
 
1.  The Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for th e year ended January 26, 2014 , to which this Certification is attached as Exhibi t 32.1 (the 
“Periodic Report”), fully complies with the require ments of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Exch ange Act; and  
 
2.  The information contained in the Periodic Repor t fairly presents, in all material respects, the fi nancial condition of the Company at the end of the 
period covered by the Periodic Report and results o f operations of the Company for the period covered by the Periodic Report.  
 
Date:   March 12, 2014  
   
 
   
/s/ JEN -HSUN HUANG  
Jen-Hsun Huang      
President and Chief Executive Officer  
   
   
A signed original of this written statement require d by Section 906 of 18 U.S.C. § 1350 has been provi ded to NVIDIA Corporation and will be 
retained by NVIDIA Corporation and furnished to the  Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff up on request.  
    
This certification accompanies the Form 10- K to which it relates, is not deemed filed with the  Securities and Exchange Commission and is not 
to be incorporated by reference into any filing of the Company under the Securities Act of 1933, as am ended, or the Exchange Act (whether made 
before or after the date of the Form 10-K), irrespe ctive of any general incorporation language contain ed in such filing.  
 
 
 
  
 
EXHIBIT 32.2 
   
CERTIFICATION  
   
 
Pursuant to the requirement set forth in Rule 13a-1 4(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as ame nded (the “Exchange Act”), and Section 
1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States  Code (18 U.S.C. § 1350), Colette M. Kress, Executi ve Vice President and Chief Financial 
Officer of NVIDIA Corporation (the “Company”), here by certifies that, to the best of her knowledge:  
 
1. The Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the  year ended January 26, 2014 , to which this Certification is attached as Exhibi t 32.2 (the 
“Periodic Report”), fully complies with the require ments of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Exch ange Act; and  
 
2. The information contained in the Periodic Report  fairly presents, in all material respects, the fin ancial condition of the Company at the end of the 
period covered by the Periodic Report and results o f operations of the Company for the period covered by the Periodic Report.  
 
Date:   March 12, 2014  
 
 
   
/s/ COLETTE M. KRESS   
Colette M. Kress  
Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Office r  
     
   
A signed original of this written statement require d by Section 906 of 18 U.S.C. § 1350 has been provi ded to NVIDIA Corporation and will be 
retained by NVIDIA Corporation and furnished to the  Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff up on request.  
    
This certification accompanies the Form 10- K to which it relates, is not deemed filed with the  Securities and Exchange Commission and is not 
to be incorporated by reference into any filing of the Company under the Securities Act of 1933, as am ended, or the Exchange Act (whether made 
before or after the date of the Form 10-K), irrespe ctive of any general incorporation language contain ed in such filing.  
 
 
 