Table of ContentsUNITED STATES
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
Washington, D.C. 20549
____________________________________________________________________________________________
FORM 10-K
☒
ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934    
For the fiscal year ended January 31, 2021OR
☐
TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934Commission file number: 0-23985
 
 
  NVIDIA CORPORATION
(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)
Delaware
94-3177549 (State or other jurisdiction of
(I.R.S. Employer Incorporation or Organization)
Identification No.) 2788 San Tomas Expressway
Santa Clara, California 95051
(408) 486-2000
(Address, including zip code, and telephone number, inc
luding area code, of principal executive offices)Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:
Title of each class
Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered Common Stock, $0.001
 par value per shareNVDA The Nasdaq Global Select  MarketSecurities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:
None
Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act.
    Yes ☒  No ☐Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13
 or Section 15(d) of the Act.    Yes ☐  No ☒Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
 Act of 1934 during the preceding 12months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such 
filing requirements for the past 90 days.    Yes ☒  No☐
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T
(§232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files).  
  Yes ☒  No ☐Indicate
 by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growthcompany. See definitions of “large accelerated filer”, “accelerated filer”, “smaller reporting company”, and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.
Large accelerated filer
☒ Accelerated filer ☐ Non-accelerated filer ☐ Smaller reportingcompany
☐ Emerging growthcompany
☐ If
 an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financialaccounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act
.    ☐ Indicate
 by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management’s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financialreporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
☒ Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act).  
  Yes ☐  No ☒ The aggregate market value of the voting stock held by non-affiliates of the
 registrant as of July 24, 2020 was approximately $241.21 billion (based on the closing sales price ofthe
 registrant's common stock as reported by the Nasdaq Global Select Market on July 24, 2020). This calculation excludes 25 million shares held by directors and executiveofficers
 of the registrant. This calculation does not exclude shares held by such organizations whose ownership exceeds 5% of the registrant's outstanding common stock thathave represented to the registrant that they are registered investment advisers or investment companies registered under section 8 of the
 Investment Company Act of 1940.The number of shares of common stock outstanding as of February 19, 2021 was 620 million.
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE
Portions
 of the registrant's Proxy Statement for its 2021 Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Regulation 14Anot
 later than 120 days after the end of the fiscal year covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K are incorporated by reference into Part III, Items 10-14 of this AnnualReport on Form 10-K.
Table of ContentsNVIDIA CORPORATION
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
 Page  
 PART I
  
Item 1.
 Business
 4 
Item 1A.
 Risk Factors
 13 
Item 1B.
 Unresolved Staff Comments
 26 
Item 2.
 Properties
 26 
Item 3.
 Legal Proceedings
 26 
Item 4.
Mine Safety Disclosures  26 
 PART II
  
Item 5.
 Market
 for  Registrant’s  Common  Equity,  Related  Stockholder  Matters  and  Issuer  Purchases  of  EquitySecurities
 27 
Item 6.
 Selected Financial Data
28  
Item 7.
 Management’s Discussion and An
alysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 29 
Item 7A.
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures Ab
out Market Risk 39 
Item 8.
 Financial Statements
 and Supplementary Data 40 
Item 9.
 Changes in and Disagreeme
nts With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 40 
Item 9A.
 Controls and Procedures
 40 
Item 9B.
 Other Info
rmation 41 
 PART III
  
Item 10.
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance
 41 
Item 11.
 Executive Compensation
 41 
Item 12.
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners an
d Management and Related Stockholder Matters41  
Item 13.
 Certain Relationships and R
elated Transactions, and Director Independence42  
Item 14.
 Principal Accounting Fees
 and Services 42 
 PART IV
  
Item 15.
 Exhibits, Financial S
tatement Schedules 43Item 16.
Form 10-K Summary  81 
Signatures
  822
Table of ContentsWHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION
Investors
 and  others  should  note  that  we  announce  material  financial  information  to  our  investors  using  our  investor  relations  website,  pressreleases,
 SEC  filings  and  public  conference  calls  and  webcasts.  We  also  use  the  following  social  media  channels  as  a  means  of  disclosinginformation
 about the company, our products, our planned financial and other announcements and attendance at upcoming investor and industryconferences, and other matters and for complying with our disclosure obl
igations under Regulation FD:NVIDIA Twitter Account (https://twitter.com/nvidia)
NVIDIA Company Blog (http://blogs.nvidia.com)
NVIDIA Facebook Page (https://www.facebook.com/nvidia)
NVIDIA LinkedIn Page (http://www.linkedin.com/compa
ny/nvidia)NVIDIA Instagram Page (https://www.instagram.com/nvidia)
In addition, investors and others can view NVIDIA vide
os on YouTube (https://www.YouTube.com/nvidia).The
 information we post through these social media channels may be deemed material. Accordingly, investors should monitor these accounts andthe
 blog, in addition to following our press releases, SEC filings and public conference calls and webcasts. This list may be updated from time totime.
 The information we post through these channels is not a part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. These channels may be updated from timeto time on NVIDIA's investor relations website.
Forward-Looking Statements
This
 Annual  Report  on  Form  10-K  contains  forward-looking  statements  within  the  meaning  of  Section  27A  of  the  Securities  Act  of  1933,  asamended,
 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, which are subject to the “safe harbor” created by those sections.Forward-looking
 statements are based on our management's beliefs and assumptions and on information currently available to our management. Insome
 cases,  you  can  identify  forward-looking  statements  by  terms  such  as  “may,”  “will,”  “should,”  “could,”  “goal,”  “would,”  “expect,”  “plan,”“anticipate,”
 “believe,”  “estimate,”  “project,”  “predict,”  “potential”  and  similar  expressions  intended  to  identify  forward-looking  statements.  Thesestatements
 involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, which may cause our actual results, performance, time frames orachievements
 to be materially different from any future results, performance, time frames or achievements expressed or implied by the forward-looking
 statements. We discuss many of these risks, uncertainties and other factors in this Annual Report on Form 10-K in greater detail under theheading “Risk Factors.” Given
 these risks, uncertainties and other factors, you should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements.Also,
 these  forward-looking  statements  represent  our  estimates  and  assumptions  only  as  of  the  date  of  this  filing.  You  should  read  this  AnnualReport
 on Form 10-K completely and with the understanding that our actual future results may be materially different from what we expect. Wehereby
 qualify our forward-looking statements by these cautionary statements. Except as required by law, we assume no obligation to update theseforward-looking
 statements publicly, or to update the reasons actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-lookingstatements, even if new information becomes available i
n the future.All references to “NVIDIA,” “we,” “us,” “our” or the “Company” mean NVIDIA Corporation and its subsidiaries.
In addition, statements that
 “we believe” and similar statements reflect our beliefs and opinions on the relevant subject. These statements are basedupon information availabl
e to us as of the filing date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K , and while we believe such information forms a reasonablebasis for such statements, such information may be limited or incomplete, and our statements should not be rea
d to indicate that we have conductedan
 exhaustive inquiry into, or review of, all potentially available relevant information. These statements are inherently uncertain and investors arecautioned not to unduly rely upon these statements.
©
 2021  NVIDIA  Corporation.  All  rights  reserved.  NVIDIA,  the  NVIDIA  logo,  GeForce,  Quadro,  Tegra,  CUDA,  CUDA-X  AI,  GeForce,  GeForceExperience,
 GeForce  GTX,  GeForce  NOW,  GeForce  RTX,  Jetson,  Mellanox,  NGC,  NVIDIA  AGX,  NVIDIA  DesignWorks,  NVIDIA  DGX,  NVIDIADRIVE,
 NVIDIA  DRIVE  Constellation,  NVIDIA  GRID,  NVIDIA  HGX,  NVIDIA  RTX,  NVIDIA  VRWorks,  Quadro,  Quadro  RTX,  SHIELD,  vGPU  andXavier
 are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of NVIDIA Corporation in the United States and/or other countries. Other company and productnames may
 be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated. Features, pricing, availability, and specifications are subjectto change without notice.
3
Table of ContentsPART I
ITEM 1. BUSINESS
Our Company
NVIDIA
 pioneered accelerated computing to help solve the most challenging computational problems. Since our original focus on PC graphics, wehave
 expanded to several other large and important computationally intensive fields. Fueled by the sustained demand for exceptional 3D graphicsand
 the scale of the gaming market, NVIDIA has leveraged its GPU architecture to create platforms for scientific computing, artificial intelligence, orAI, data science, autonomous vehicles, or AV, robotics, and augmente
d and virtual reality, or AR and VR.The
 GPU was initially used to simulate human imagination, enabling the virtual worlds of video games and films. Today, it also simulates humanintelligence,
 enabling a deeper understanding of the physical world. Its parallel processing capabilities, supported by up to thousands of computingcores, are
 essential to running deep learning algorithms. This form of AI, in which software writes itself by learning from data, can serve as the brainof
 computers, robots and self-driving cars that can perceive and understand the world. GPU-powered deep learning is being adopted by thousandsof enterprises to deliver services and products that would have b
een impossible with traditional coding.NVIDIA
 has a platform strategy, bringing together hardware, software, algorithms, libraries, systems, and services to create unique value for themarkets
 we serve. While the requirements of these end markets are diverse, we address them with a unified underlying architecture leveraging ourGPUs
 and software stacks. The programmable nature of our architecture allows us to support several multi-billion-dollar end markets with the sameunderlying
 technology by using a variety of software stacks developed either internally or by third party developers and partners. The large andgrowing number of developers across our platforms strengthens our ecosystem and i
ncreases the value of our platform to our customers.Innovation
 is at our core. We have invested over $24 billion in research and development since our inception, yielding inventions that are essentialto
 modern  computing.  Our  invention  of  the  GPU  in  1999  defined  modern  computer  graphics  and  established  NVIDIA  as  the  leader  in  visualcomputing.
 With our introduction of the CUDA programming model in 2006, we opened the parallel processing capabilities of the GPU for generalpurpose computing. This approach sign
ificantly accelerates the most demanding high-performance computing, or HPC, applications in fields such asaerospace,
 bio-science  research,  mechanical  and  fluid  simulations,  and  energy  exploration.  Today,  our  GPUs  power  many  of  the  fastestsupercomputers
 across the world. In addition, the massively parallel compute architecture of our GPUs and associated software are well suited fordeep
 learning  and  machine  learning,  powering  the  era  of  AI.  While  traditional  CPU-based  approaches  no  longer  deliver  advances  on  the  pacedescribed by Moore’s Law, we deliver GPU performance improveme
nts on a pace ahead of Moore’s Law, giving the industry a path forward.Gamers
 choose  NVIDIA  GPUs  to  enjoy  immersive,  increasingly  cinematic  virtual  worlds.  GPUs  also  help  underpin  the  world’s  fastest  growingspectator
 sport, eSports, which attracts hundreds of millions of viewers to watch top-quality gaming. In addition to serving the growing number ofgamers, the market for gaming GPUs is expanding as a result of the burgeoning po
pulation of live streamers, broadcasters, artists and creators.Researchers
 use our GPUs to accelerate a wide range of important applications, from simulating molecular dynamics to weather forecasting. Withsupport
 for more than over 600 applications - including the top 15 HPC applications - NVIDIA GPUs enable some of the most promising areas ofdiscovery,
 from weather prediction to materials science and from wind tunnel simulation to genomics. NVIDIA GPUs power the top supercomputersin
 the United States and Europe. Including GPUs and networking, NVIDIA powers nearly 70%, and 8 of the top 10, supercomputers on the globalTOP500 list.
The
 world’s  leading  cloud  service  providers  and  consumer  internet  companies  use  our  GPUs  to  enable,  accelerate  or  enrich  the  services  theydeliver
 to  billions  of  end-users,  including  search,  social  networking,  online  shopping,  live  video,  translation,  AI  assistants,  navigation,  and  cloudcomputing.
A
 rapidly growing number of enterprises and startups across a broad range of industries use our GPUs and AI software to bring automation to theproducts
 and services they build. For example, the transportation industry is turning to our platforms for AV; the healthcare industry is leveragingthem for enhanced medical imaging and acc
elerated drug discovery; and the financial services industry is using them for fraud detection.Professional designers use our GPUs to create visual effects in movies a
nd design products ranging from soft drink bottles to commercial aircraft.4
Table of ContentsHeadquartered in Santa Clara, Cal
ifornia, NVIDIA was incorporated in California in April 1993 and reincorporated in Delaware in April 1998.Pending Acquisition of Arm Limited
On September 13, 2020, we entered into a Share Purchase Agreement, or the
 Purchase Agreement, with Arm Limited, or Arm, and SoftBank GroupCapital Limited and
 SVF Holdco (UK) Limited, or together, SoftBank, for us to acquire, from SoftBank, all allotted and issued ordinary shares of Armin
 a transaction valued at $40 billion. The announced acquisition is expected to bring together NVIDIA's leading AI computing platform with Arm'svast
 ecosystem to create the premier computing company for the age of artificial intelligence, accelerating innovation while expanding into large,high-growth
 markets. We paid $2 billion in cash at signing, or the Signing Consideration, and will pay upon closing of the acquisition $10 billion incash
 and issue to SoftBank 44.3 million shares of our common stock with an aggregate value of $21.5 billion. The transaction includes a potentialearn out, which is contingent on
 the achievement of certain financial performance targets by Arm during the fiscal year ending March 31, 2022. If thefinancial
 targets are achieved, SoftBank can elect to receive either up to an additional $5 billion in cash or up to an additional 10.3 million shares ofour
 common stock. We will issue up to $1.5 billion in restricted stock units to Arm employees after closing. The $2 billion paid upon signing wasallocated
 between  advanced  consideration  for  the  acquisition  of  $1.36  billion  and  the  prepayment  of  intellectual  property  licenses  from  Arm  of$0.17
 billion  and  royalties  of  $0.47  billion,  both  with  a  20-year  term.  The  closing  of  the  acquisition  is  subject  to  customary  closing  conditions,including
 receipt  of  specified  governmental  and  regulatory  consents  and  approvals  and  expiration  of  any  related  mandatory  waiting  period,  andArm's
 implementation of the reorganization and distribution of Arm’s IoT Services Group and certain other assets and liabilities. We are engagedwith
 regulators  in  the  United  States,  the  United  Kingdom,  the  European  Union,  China  and  other  jurisdictions.  If  the  Purchase  Agreement  isterminated
 under certain circumstances, we will be refunded $1.25 billion of the Signing Consideration. The $2 billion payment upon signing wasallocated on a fair value basis and a
ny refund of the Signing Consideration will use stated values in the Purchase Agreement. We believe the closingof the acquisition will likely occur in the first quarter of calend
ar year 2022.Our Businesses
We report our business results in two segments.
Our
 Graphics segment includes GeForce GPUs for gaming and PCs, the GeForce NOW game streaming service and related infrastructure, andsolutions
 for gaming platforms; Quadro/NVIDIA RTX GPUs for enterprise workstation graphics; vGPU software for cloud-based visual and virtualcomputing; and automotive platforms for infotainment systems.
Our
 Compute & Networking segment includes Data Center platforms and systems for AI, HPC, and accelerated computing; Mellanox networkingand
 interconnect solutions; automotive AI Cockpit, autonomous driving development agreements, and autonomous vehicle solutions; and Jetson forrobotics and other embedded platforms.
Our Markets
We
 specialize  in  markets  in  which  our  computing  platforms  can  provide  tremendous  acceleration  for  applications.  These  platforms  incorporateprocessors, interco
nnects, software, algorithms, systems, and services to deliver value that is unique in the marketplace. Our platforms address fourlarge markets where our expertise is critical: Gaming, Professional Visua
lization, Data Center, and Automotive.Gaming
Computer
 gaming is the largest entertainment industry. Many factors propel computer gaming’s growth, including new high production value gamesand
 franchises, the continued rise of competitive gaming or eSports, social connectivity and the demand for more content from game streamers,modders and creators.
Our
 gaming platforms leverage our GPUs and sophisticated software to enhance the gaming experience with smoother, higher quality graphics.This
 includes GeForce Experience, our gaming application that optimizes the PC user’s settings for each application and enables gamers to recordand share gameplay.
We
 developed NVIDIA RTX bringing next generation graphics and AI to games. The NVIDIA RTX line-up features ray tracing technology for real-time,
 cinematic-quality rendering. Ray tracing, which has long been used for special effects in the movie industry, is a computationally intensivetechnique
 that simulates the physical behavior of light to achieve greater realism in computer-generated scenes. NVIDIA RTX also features deeplearning super sampling, or DLSS, our AI technol
ogy that boosts frame rates while generating beautiful, sharp images for games.5
Table of ContentsOur
 products for the gaming market include GeForce RTX and GeForce GTX GPUs for PC gaming, SHIELD devices for gaming and streaming,GeForce NOW for cloud-based gaming, as well as platforms and develo
pment services for specialized console gaming devices.Professional Visualization
We
 serve the Professional Visualization market by working closely with independent software vendors to optimize their offerings for NVIDIA GPUs.Our
 GPU  computing  solutions  enhance  productivity  and  introduce  new  capabilities  for  critical  parts  of  the  workflow  for  such  major  industries  asautomotive, media and entertainment, architectural engin
eering, oil and gas, and medical imaging.Designers
 who build the products we use every day need the images that they view digitally to mirror reality. This requires simulating the physicalbehavior
 of  light  and  materials,  or  physically-based  rendering.  Our  DesignWorks  software  delivers  this  to  designers  and  enables  an  architectdesigning
 a  building  with  a  computer-aided  design  package  to  interact  with  the  model  in  real  time,  view  it  in  greater  detail,  and  generatephotorea
listic renderings for the client. It also allows an automotive designer to create a highly realistic 3D image of a car, which can be viewed fromall angles, reducing relianc
e on costly, time-consuming full-scale clay models.Our
 Professional Visualization platforms are critical enablers in many fields, such as design and manufacturing and digital content creation. Designand
 manufacturing  encompass  computer-aided  design,  architectural  design,  consumer-products  manufacturing,  medical  instrumentation,  andaerospace.
 Digital  content  creation  includes  professional  video  editing  and  post-production,  special  effects  for  films,  and  broadcast-televisiongraphics.
The
 NVIDIA  RTX  platform  makes  it  possible  to  render  film-quality,  photorealistic  objects  and  environments  with  physically  accurate  shadows,reflections
 and refractions using ray tracing in real-time. Many leading 3D design and content creation applications developed by our ecosystempartners now support RTX, allowing professio
nals to accelerate and transform their workflows with NVIDIA RTX GPUs.Just
 as  VR  is  becoming  more  important  in  gaming,  it  is  also  being  incorporated  in  a  growing  number  of  enterprise  applications.  Virtual  carshowrooms, surgical training, architectural walkthroug
hs, and bringing historical scenes to life all deploy this technology, powered by our GPUs.Data Center
The NVIDIA computing platform
 is focused on accelerating the most compute-intensive workloads, such as AI, data analytics, graphics and scientificcomputing,
 across  hyperscale,  cloud,  enterprise,  public  sector,  and  edge  data  centers.  The  platform  consists  of  our  energy  efficient  GPUs,interconnects
 and  systems,  our  CUDA  programming  model,  and  a  growing  body  of  software  libraries,  Software  Development  Kits,  or  SDKs,application frameworks and services.
In
 the field of AI, NVIDIA’s platform accelerates both deep learning and machine learning workloads. Deep learning is a computer science approachwhere
 neural networks are trained to recognize patterns from massive amounts of data in the form of images, sounds and text - in some instancesbetter
 than  humans.  Machine  learning  is  a  related  approach  that  leverages  algorithms  as  well  as  data  to  learn  how  to  make  determinations  orpredictions,
 often used in data science. HPC, also referred to as scientific computing, uses numerical computational approaches to solve large andcomplex
 problems. For both AI and HPC applications, the NVIDIA accelerated computing platform greatly increases the performance and powerefficiency of high-performance computers and data centers.
We
 are engaged with thousands of organizations working on AI in a multitude of industries, from automating tasks such as reading medical images,to
 enabling fraud detection in financial services, to optimizing oil exploration and drilling. These organizations include the world’s leading consumerinternet
 and cloud services companies, which are using AI for critical tasks such as natural language processing and recommendation systems;enterprise
s that are increasingly turning to AI to improve products and services; and startups seeking to implement AI in transformative ways acrossmultiple
 industries. We partnered with industry leaders such as IBM, Microsoft, Oracle, SAP, and VMware to bring AI to enterprise users. We alsohave partnerships in transportation, retail, healthcare an
d manufacturing, among others, to accelerate the adoption of AI.At
 the  foundation  of  the  NVIDIA  accelerated  computing  platform  are  our  GPUs,  which  excel  at  parallel  workloads  such  as  the  training  andinferencing
 of neural networks. They are available in industry standard servers from every major computer maker worldwide, including Cisco, Dell,HP,
 Inspur, and Lenovo; from every major cloud service provider such as Alicloud, Amazon Web Services, Baidu Cloud, Google Cloud, IBM Cloud,Microsoft
 Azure,  and  Oracle  Cloud;  as  well  as  in  our  DGX  AI  supercomputer,  a  purpose-built  system  for  deep  learning  and  GPU  acceleratedapplications. To facilitate customer adoption, we h
ave also built other ready-to-use systems and reference designs around our GPUs, including6
Table of ContentsHGX for hyperscale and supercomputing data centers, EGX for enterprise and ed
ge computing, and AGX for autonomous machines.In
 fiscal  year  2021,  we  completed  the  acquisition  of  Mellanox  Technologies,  Ltd.,  or  Mellanox,  a  supplier  of  high-performance  interconnect  andnetworking
 products  that  are  now  part  of  our  Data  Center  market  platform.  Mellanox  interconnects  are  included  in  our  DGX,  HGX  and  EGXplatforms and
 continue to be available on a standalone basis. With Mellanox, we can optimize across the entire computing, networking, and storagestack
 to deliver data center-scale computing solutions. For example, we announced a new class of processor – the data processing unit, or DPU –supported
 by  a  novel  data-center-infrastructure-on-a-chip  architecture,  or  DOCA,  that  enables  breakthrough  networking,  storage  and  securityperformance.
While
 our  approach  starts  with  powerful  chips,  what  makes  it  a  computing  platform  is  our  large  body  of  software,  including  the  CUDA  parallelprogramming
 model, the CUDA-X collection of application acceleration libraries, Application Programming Interfaces, or APIs, SDKs and tools, anddomain-specific
 application frameworks. We also offer the NVIDIA GPU Cloud registry, or NGC, a comprehensive catalog of easy-to-use, optimizedsoftware
 stacks  across  a  range  of  domains  including  scientific  computing,  deep  learning,  and  machine  learning.  With  NGC,  AI  developers,researchers
 and data scientists can get started with the development of AI and HPC applications and deploy them on DGX systems, NGC-readyworkstatio
ns or servers from our systems partners, or with NVIDIA’s cloud partners such as Amazon Web Services, Google Cloud, Microsoft Azure,or Oracle Cloud.
We
 also serve the data center market with NVIDIA virtual GPU (vGPU) software products that enable powerful GPU performance for workloadsranging from graphics-rich virtual desktops and workstations to data
 science and AI. Installed on a physical GPU in a cloud or enterprise data centerserver,
 NVIDIA vGPU software creates virtual GPUs that can be shared across multiple virtual machines accessed on any device, anywhere. Withcompanies
 supporting more offsite workers than ever before, NVIDIA vGPU software products are enabling remote access to professional graphicsand
 accelerated computing for data scientists, researchers, designers, engineers, and creative professionals across industries such as healthcare,manufacturing, architecture, and media and entertainment.
Automotive
NVIDIA’s Automotive market
 is comprised of cockpit infotainment solutions, AV platforms, and associated development agreements. Leveraging ourtechnology
 leadership in AI and building on our long-standing automotive relationships, we are delivering a complete end-to-end solution for the AVmarket
 under the DRIVE brand. NVIDIA has demonstrated multiple applications of AI within the car: AI can drive the car itself as a pilot in fullyautonomous mode or it can also be a co-pilot, assisting the huma
n driver while creating a safer driving experience.NVIDIA
 is  working  with  several  hundred  partners  in  the  automotive  ecosystem  including  automakers,  truck  makers,  tier-one  suppliers,  sensormanufacturers,
 automotive research institutions, HD mapping companies, and startups to develop and deploy AI systems for self-driving vehicles.Our
 unified AI computing architecture starts with training deep neural networks using our GPUs, and then running a full perception, planning andcontrol
 stack within the vehicle on the NVIDIA DRIVE computing platform. The in-vehicle platform consists of the high-performance, energy efficientDRIVE
 AGX computing hardware, and open, modular software, including DRIVE AV for autonomous driving and DRIVE IX for in-vehicle intelligentexperience and AI assistants.
NVIDIA
 DRIVE can perceive and understand in real-time what is happening around the vehicle, precisely locate itself on an HD map, and plan asafe
 path  forward.  This  advanced  self-driving  car  platform  combines  deep  learning,  sensor  fusion,  and  surround  vision  to  change  the  drivingexperience. Our DRIVE platform
 scales from a palm-sized, energy-efficient module for automated highway-driving capabilities to a configuration withmultiple
 systems aimed at enabling driverless cars. Our Xavier system-on-a-chip, or SoC, which started shipping in 2018, enables vehicles to usedeep
 neural networks to process data from multiple cameras and sensors. It powers the DRIVE AutoPilot, NVIDIA’s Level 2+ automated drivingsolution,
 combining the DRIVE AV self-driving solution with the DRIVE IX cockpit software, including a visualization system for allowing the driver tosee what the car sees and plans to do. In fiscal year 2020, we anno
unced our next-generation SoC, Orin.In
 addition, we offer a scalable data center-based simulation solution, NVIDIA DRIVE Constellation running DRIVE Sim software, for testing andvalidating
 a self-driving platform before commercial deployment. NVIDIA's unique end-to-end, software-defined approach is designed for continuousinnovation
 and continuous development, enabling cars to receive over-the-air updates to add new features and capabilities throughout the life of avehicle.
7
Table of ContentsBusiness Strategies
NVIDIA’s key strategies that shape our overall business a
pproach include:Advancing
 the NVIDIA accelerated computing platform. NVIDIA’s  accelerated computing platform can solve complex problems in significantlyless
 time and with lower power consumption than alternative computational approaches. Indeed, it can help solve problems that were previouslydeemed
 unsolvable. We work to deliver continued performance leaps that outpace Moore’s Law by leveraging innovation across the architecture,chip
 design, system, and software layers. With our acquisition of Mellanox in fiscal year 2021, we strengthened our end-to-end expertise in datacenter
 architectures, positioning us for a future when the data center is the new unit of computing. This full-stack innovation approach allows us todeliver
 order-of-magnitude  performance  advantages  relative  to  legacy  approaches  in  our  target  markets,  which  include  Gaming,  ProfessionalVisualization,
 Data Center, and Automotive. While the requirements of these end markets are diverse, we address them with a unified underlyingarchitecture
 leveraging our GPUs and CUDA as the fundamental building blocks. The programmable nature of our architecture allows us to makeleveraged
 investments in R&D: we can support several multi-billion-dollar end markets with the same underlying technology by using a variety ofsoftware stacks developed either internally or
 by third party developers and partners. We utilize this platform approach in each of our target markets.Extending
 our technology and platform leadership in AI. We  provide a complete, end-to-end accelerated computing platform for deep learningand
 machine learning, addressing both training and inferencing. This includes GPUs, interconnects, systems, our CUDA programming language,algorithms,
 libraries, and other software. GPUs are uniquely suited to AI, and we will continue to add AI-specific features to our GPU architecture tofurther
 extend our leadership position. Our AI technology leadership is reinforced by our large and expanding ecosystem in a virtuous cycle. OurGPU platforms
 are available from virtually every major server maker and cloud service provider, as well as on our own AI supercomputer. There areover
 2.2 million developers worldwide using CUDA and our other software tools to help deploy our technology in our target markets. We evangelizeAI
 through partnerships with hundreds of universities and more than 7,000 startups through our Inception program. Additionally, our Deep LearningInstitute
 provides  instruction  on  the  latest  techniques  on  how  to  design,  train,  and  deploy  neural  networks  in  applications  using  our  acceleratedcomputing platform.
Extending
 our technology and platform leadership in visual computing. We  believe  that  visual  computing  is  fundamental  to  the  continuedexpansi
on and evolution of computing. We apply our research and development resources to extending our leadership in visual computing, enablingus
 to enhance the user experience  for consumer  entertainment  and professional visualization  applications.  Our technologies  are instrumental  indriving
 gaming forward, as developers leverage our libraries and algorithms to create near-cinematic and VR experiences. Our close collaborationwith
 game developers allows us to deliver an optimized gaming experience on our GeForce platform. Our GeForce Experience gaming applicationfurther
 enhances each gamer’s experience by optimizing their PC’s settings, as well as enabling the recording and sharing of gameplay. We alsoenable
 interactive graphics applications - such as games, movie and photo editing and design software - to be accessed by almost any device,almost anywhere, through our cloud platforms such as GRID for enterprise and GeForce NOW for gaming.
Advancing the leading autonomous vehicle platform.
 We believe the advent of AV will soon revoluti onize the transportation industry. In our view,AI
 is  the  key  technology  enabler  of  this  opportunity,  as  the  algorithms  required  for  autonomous  driving  -  such  as  perception,  localization,  andplanning
 - are too complex for legacy hand-coded approaches and will run on multiple trained neural networks instead. Therefore, we provide a fullfunctionally
 safe AI-based hardware and software solution for the AV market under the DRIVE brand, which we are bringing to market through ourpartnerships
 with automotive original equipment manufacturers, or OEMs, tier-1 suppliers, and start-ups. Our AV solution also includes the GPU-based
 hardware required to train the neural networks before their in-vehicle deployment, as well as to re-simulate their operation prior to any over-the-air
 software updates. We believe our comprehensive, top-to-bottom and end-to-end approach will enable the transportation industry to solve thecomplex problems arising from the shift to autonomous driving.
Leveraging our intellectual property.
 We  believe our intellectual property is a valuable asset that can be accessed by our customers and partnersthrough licens
e and development agreements when they desire to build such capabilities directly into their own products, or have us do so through acustom development. Such license and dev
elopment arrangements can further enhance the reach of our technology.Sales and Marketing
Our worldwide sales and marketing strategy is key to achievin
g our objective of providing markets with our high-performance and efficient computingplatforms.
 Our sales and marketing teams, located across our global markets, work closely with end customers and various industry ecosystemsthrough our partner network. Our partner network
8
Table of Contentsincorporates
 each  industry's  respective  OEMs,  original  device  manufacturers,  or  ODMs,  system  builders,  add-in  board  manufacturers,  or  AIBs,retailers/d
istributors, internet and cloud service providers, automotive manufacturers and tier-1 automotive suppliers, mapping companies, start-ups,and other ecosystem participants.
Members of
 our sales team have technical expertise and product and industry knowledge. We also employ a team of application engineers to assistour
 partner network in designing, testing, and qualifying system designs that incorporate our platforms. We believe that the depth and quality of ourdesign
 support  are  key  to  improving  our  partner  network’s  time-to-market,  maintaining  a  high  level  of  customer  satisfaction,  and  fosteringrelationships that encourage our end customers an
d partner network to use the next generation of our products within each platform.To
 encourage the development of applications optimized for our platforms, we seek to establish and maintain strong relationships in the softwaredevelopment
 community. Engineering and marketing personnel engage with key software developers to promote and discuss our platforms, as wellas
 to ascertain individual product requirements and solve technical problems. Our developer program makes our products available to developersprior
 to  launch  in  order  to  encourage  the  development  of  AI  frameworks,  SDKs,  and  APIs  for  software  applications  and  game  titles  that  areoptimized for our platforms. Our
 Deep Learning Institute provides in-person and online training for developers in industries and organizations aroundthe world to build AI and accelerated computin
g applications that leverage our platforms.As
 NVIDIA’s  business  has  evolved  from  a  focus  primarily  on  gaming  products  to  broader  markets,  and  from  chips  to  platforms  and  completesystems,
 so, too, have our avenues to market. Thus, in addition to sales to customers in our partner network, certain of our platforms are also soldthrough e-tail channels, or direct to cloud service providers an
d enterprise customers.Seasonality
Our
 computing platforms serve a diverse set of markets such as enterprise and cloud data centers, consumer gaming, professional workstations,and
 automotive. Our consumer products typically see stronger revenue in the second half of our fiscal year. In addition, based on the productionschedules
 of key customers, some of our products for notebooks and game consoles typically generate stronger revenue in the second and thirdquarters, and weaker revenue in the fourth and first quarters. However, there can be no assurance that this trend wi
ll continue.Manufacturing
We
 do not directly manufacture semiconductors used for our products. Instead, we utilize a fabless manufacturing strategy, whereby we employworld-class
 suppliers for all phases of the manufacturing process, including wafer fabrication, assembly, testing, and packaging. This strategy usesthe
 expertise  of  industry-leading  suppliers  that  are  certified  by  the  International  Organization  for  Standardization  in  such  areas  as  fabrication,assembly,
 quality control and assurance, reliability, and testing. Additionally, we can avoid many of the significant costs and risks associated withowning and operating manufacturi
ng operations. While we may directly procure certain raw materials used in the production of our products, such assubstrates
 and a variety of components, our suppliers are responsible for procurement of most of the raw materials used in the production of ourproducts. As a result, we can focus our resources on product design, addition
al quality assurance, marketing, and customer support.We utilize industry-leadi
ng suppliers, such as Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company Limited and Samsung Electronics Co. Ltd, to produceour
 semiconductor wafers. We then utilize independent subcontractors, such as Amkor Technology, BYD Auto Co. Ltd., Hon Hai Precision IndustryCo.,
 King Yuan Electronics Co., Ltd., Omni Logistics, LLC and Siliconware Precision Industries Company Ltd. to perform assembly, testing, andpackaging
 of  most  of  our  products  and  platforms.  We  use  contract  manufacturers  such  as  Flex  Ltd.  to  manufacture  our  standard  and  customadapter
 card  products  and  switch  systems,  and  Fabrinet  to  manufacture  our  cables.  We  purchase  substrates  from  Ibiden  Co.  Ltd.,  KinsusInterconnect
 Technology  Corporation,  and  Unimicron  Technology  Corporation,  and  memory  from  Micron  Technology,  Samsung  Semiconductor,Inc., and SK Hynix.
We
 typically  receive  semiconductor  products  from  our  subcontractors,  perform  incoming  quality  assurance  and  configuration,  and  then  ship  thesemiconductors
 to contract equipment manufacturers, or CEMs, distributors, motherboard and add-in card, or AIC, customers from our third-partywarehouse
 in Hong Kong, Israel, and the United States. Generally, these manufacturers assemble and test the boards based on our design kit andtest specifications, and then ship our products to retailers, system builders, or OEMs as motherboard and AIC solutio
ns.We
 also  utilize  industry-leading  contract  manufacturers,  or  CMs,  such  as  Flex  Ltd.  and  Fabrinet,  and  ODMs  such  as  Wistron  Corporation,  tomanufacture some of our products for sale directly to end customers. In those cases, key
9
Table of Contentselements
 such as the GPU, SoC, memory, and integrated circuit are often consigned by us to the CMs, who are responsible for the procurement ofother components used in the production process.
Competition
The market for
 our products is intensely competitive and is characterized by rapid technological change and evolving industry standards. We believethat
 the principal competitive factors in this market are performance, breadth of product offerings, access to customers and partners and distributionchannels,
 software support, conformity to industry standard APIs, manufacturing capabilities, processor pricing, and total system costs. We believethat
 our ability to remain competitive will depend on how well we are able to anticipate the features and functions that customers and partners willdemand
 and whether we are able to deliver consistent volumes of our products at acceptable levels of quality and at competitive prices. We expectcompetition
 to increase from both existing competitors and new market entrants with products that may be lower priced than ours, or may providebetter
 performance  or  additional  features  not  provided  by  our  products.  In  addition,  it  is  possible  that  new  competitors  or  alliances  amongcompetitors could emerge and acquire signific
ant market share.A
 significant source of competition comes from companies that provide or intend to provide GPUs, including Intel’s recent announcement that theywill introduce
 high performance GPUs, embedded SOCs, and other accelerated, AI computing processor products, and providers of semiconductor-based high-performance interconnect
 products based on InfiniBand, Ethernet, Fibre Channel and proprietary technologies. Some of our competitorsmay
 have  greater  marketing,  financial,  distribution  and  manufacturing  resources  than  we  do  and  may  be  more  able  to  adapt  to  customer  ortechnological changes. We expect an i
ncreasingly competitive environment in our fiscal year 2022.Our current competitors include:
•
suppliers  and  licensors  designing  discrete  and  integrated  GPUs  and  other  accelerated  computing  solutions,  including  chipsets  thatincorporate 3D graphics, or HPC, such as Advanced Micro Dev
ices, or AMD, Intel Corporation, and Xilinx, Inc.;•
large internet services companies with internal teams designing chips that incorporates HPC or accelerated computing functionality as partof their internal solutions or platforms, such as Alphabet Inc. and Amazon, Inc.;
•
suppliers of SoC products that are embedded into automobiles, autonomous machines, and gaming devices, such as Ambarella, Inc., AMD,Broadcom
 Inc.,  Intel,  Qualcomm  Incorporated,  Renesas  Electronics  Corporation,  Samsung,  and Xilinx or  companies  with  internal  teamsdesigning SoC products for internal use, such as Tes
la Motors; and•
suppliers of interconnect, switch and cable solutions such as Applied Optoelectronics, Inc., Arista Networks, Broadcom, Cisco Systems, Inc.,Hewlett
 Packard Enterprise Company, Intel, Juniper Networks, Inc., Lumentum Holdings, Marvell Technology Group, and Xilinx, as well asinternal teams of system vendors and large internet services companies such as A
lphabet and Amazon.Patents and Proprietary Rights
We
 rely  primarily  on  a  combination  of  patents,  trademarks,  trade  secrets,  employee  and  third-party  nondisclosure  agreements,  and  licensingarrangements
 to protect our intellectual property in the United States and internationally. Our currently issued patents have expiration dates fromMarch
 2021 to June 2045. We have numerous patents issued, allowed, and pending in the United States and in foreign jurisdictions. Our patentsand
 pending  patent  applications  primarily  relate  to  our  products  and  the  technology  used  in  connection  with  our  products.  We  also  rely  oninternational
 treaties, organizations, and foreign laws to protect our intellectual property. The laws of certain foreign countries in which our productsare
 or may be manufactured or sold, including various countries in Asia, may not protect our products or intellectual property rights to the sameextent
 as the laws of the United States. This decreased protection makes the possibility of piracy of our technology and products more likely. Wecontinuously assess whether and wh
ere to seek formal protection for particular innovations and technologies based on such factors as:•
the location in which our products are manufactured;•
our strategic technology or product directions in different countries;•
the degree to which intellectual property laws exist and are meaningfully enforced in different jurisdictions; and•
the commercial significance of our operations and our competitors' operations in particular countries and regions.10
Table of ContentsWe have also licensed technolo
gy from third parties and expect to continue to enter into such license agreements.Government Regulations
Our
 worldwide  business  activities  are  subject  to  various  laws,  rules,  and  regulations  of  the  United  States  as  well  as  of  foreign  governments.Compliance
 with these laws, rules, and regulations has not had a material effect upon our capital expenditures, results of operations, or competitiveposition,
 and we do not currently anticipate material capital expenditures for environmental control facilities. Nevertheless, compliance with existingor
 future  governmental  regulations,  including,  but  not  limited  to,  those  pertaining  to  global  trade,  business  acquisitions,  consumer  and  dataprotection,
 employee health and safety, and taxes, could have a material impact on our business in subsequent periods. Refer to “Item 1A. RiskFactors” for a discussion of these potential impacts.
Human Capital Management
We
 believe that our employees are our greatest assets, and they play a key role in creating long-term value for our stakeholders. As of January 31,2021,
 we had 18,975 employees in 29 countries. 13,532 were engaged in research and development and 5,443 were engaged in sales, marketing,operations, and administrative positions.
To
 be  competitive  and  execute  our  business  strategy  successfully,  we  must  recruit,  develop,  and  retain  talented  employees,  including  qualifiedexecutives,
 scientists,  engineers,  technical  staff,  and  research  and  development  personnel.  The  primary  ways  in  which  we  seek  to  do  this  aresummarized below, in addition to an overvie
w of employee programs we implemented in response to the COVID-19 pandemic.Recruitment
The
 demand for talent in new markets, such as AI and deep learning, is increasingly competitive. Our intern and new college graduate recruitingprograms
 are a sustainable source of talent. We partner with higher education institutions globally to develop our candidate pipelines, recruit atindustry
 conferences,  and  encourage  our  employees  to  submit  referrals,  with  over  36%  of  hires  coming  from  internal  recommendations.Collaborations with our community resource groups improv
e how we reach and attract minority candidates.Development and Retention
To support employee advancement, we provide t
raining on-the-job through coaching, feedback, and role modeling. We have a rich library of live andon-demand
 learning experiences such as workshops, panel discussions, speaker-based forums, and internally focused technical conferences. Wecurate
 learning libraries around our most common development needs, provide the latest technical platforms to support self-paced learning, andregularly
 listen  to  learner  feedback  through  internal  messaging  channels  to  improve  and  update  those  topics.  We  offer  tuition  reimbursementprograms
 and subsidize advanced technical education programs and online technical certifications. We encourage internal mobility through careerexpos
 and  coaching,  as  well  as  foster  mentorship  connections  and  provide  trained  coaches  as  additional  developmental  support.  Our  strongpartnerships with internal community resource groups all
ow us to personalize programs to address specific career development needs.To
 evaluate  employee  sentiment  and  engagement,  we  use  several  listening  mechanisms  such  as  pulse  surveys,  a  suggestion  box,  and  ananonymous third-party hotline.
In fiscal year 2021, our overall turnover rate was 3.8%.
Compensation, Benefits, and Well-Being
Our
 compensation program rewards performance and is structured to encourage employees to invest in the company’s future. Employees receiveequity
 (except where unavailable due to local regulations) that is tied to the value of our stock price and vests over time to retain employees whilesimultaneously alignin
g their interests with those of our stockholders.We
 offer comprehensive benefits to support our employees’ and their families’ well-being, including 401(k) programs in the U.S., statutory pensionprograms
 outside the U.S., our employee stock purchase program, flexible work hours and time off, and programs to address mental health, stress,and
 time-management challenges. We evaluate our benefit offerings globally and are committed to providing tailored benefits based on communityneeds,
 including  assistance  for  military  members,  additional  mental  health  benefits,  and  support  for  new  birth  parents,  and  those  who  wish  tobecome parents.
Diversity and Inclusion
11
Table of ContentsWe
 believe that diverse teams fuel innovation, and we are committed to creating an inclusive culture that supports all employees, regardless ofgender, gender identity or expression, veteran status, race, ethnicity, or ability.
We
 have increased our efforts to recruit, develop, and retain a more diverse workforce with a focus on those historically underrepresented in thetechnology
 field,  including women, Black,  and Hispanic candidates.  In fiscal  year 2021, we created  the role of Head of Diversity,  Inclusion,  andBelonging,
 along with hiring a global diversity recruiting leader, and a Head of Strategic Initiatives to build our developer ecosystem and ensure itrepresents the
 global population.Efforts we are undertaking include:
•
Shepherding underrepresented candidates through the interviewing process, engaging employees from underrepresented communities forrecruiting events and interview panels, an
d increased investment in minority-serving institutions and professional organizations.•
Developing  an  internal  slate  of  diverse  talent  for  all  open  management  positions,  beginning  semi-annual  talent  review  sessions  withexecutives to identify internal, diverse talent, and forming spons
orship and career acceleration programs.•
Increasing inclusion communications and pulse surveys to measure employee sentiment.As of
 January 31, 2021, our global workforce was 80% male and 20% female, and 6% of our workforce in the United States was composed of Blackor African American, and Hispanic or Latino employ
ees.Safety and COVID-19
We
 support our people and their families in making their health a top priority. We implemented global protocols to slow the spread of COVID-19 andto keep our
 workforce safe by closing our offices around the world in March 2020 for all except essential workers. We also eliminated most businesstravel.
 We provided our employees with resources to work remotely and continued to pay all employees and contractors. For essential labs andoffices
 that  remain  open,  we  instituted  appropriate  safety  protocols  and  social  distancing  guidelines.  Additionally,  we  provided  resources  foremployees,
 including work from home support, enhanced health coverage, reimbursement for certain work from home expenses, and learning anddevelopment resources on how to lead an
d manage remotely.Information About Our Executive Officers
The following sets forth certain information regarding our exec
utive officers, their ages and positions as of February 19, 2021:Name
Age Position Jen-Hsun Huang
58 President and Chief Executive Officer Colette M. Kress
53 Executive Vice President and Chi ef Financial OfficerAjay K. Puri
66 Executive Vice President, Worldwide Fie ld OperationsDebora Shoquist
66 Executive Vice President, Operations Timothy S. Teter
54 Executive Vice Presiden t and General CounselJen-Hsun
 Huang co-founded  NVIDIA in 1993 and has served as our President, Chief Executive Officer and a member of the Board of Directorssince
 our inception. From 1985 to 1993, Mr. Huang was employed at LSI Logic Corporation, a computer chip manufacturer, where he held a varietyof
 positions including as Director of Coreware, the business unit responsible for LSI's SOC. From 1983 to 1985, Mr. Huang was a microprocessordesigner
 for Advanced Micro Devices, Inc., a semiconductor company. Mr. Huang holds a B.S.E.E. degree from Oregon State University and anM.S.E.E. degree from Stanford University.
Colette
 M. Kress joined NVIDIA in 2013 as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Prior to NVIDIA, Ms. Kress most recently servedas
 Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Business Technology and Operations Finance organization at Cisco Systems, Inc., anetworking
 equipment  company,  since  2010.  At  Cisco,  Ms.  Kress  was  responsible  for  financial  strategy,  planning,  reporting  and  businessdevelopment
 for  all  business  segments,  engineering  and  operations.  From  1997  to  2010  Ms.  Kress  held  a  variety  of  positions  at  MicrosoftCorporation,
 a  software  company,  including,  beginning  in  2006,  Chief  Financial  Officer  of  the  Server  and  Tools  division,  where  Ms.  Kress  wasresponsible
 for financial strategy, planning, reporting and business development for the division. Prior to joining Microsoft, Ms. Kress spent eightyears at Texas Instruments
 Incorporated, a semiconductor company, where she held a variety of finance positions. Ms. Kress holds a B.S. degree inFinance from University of Arizona and an M.B.A. degree from Southern Methodist University.
12
Table of ContentsAjay
 K. Puri joined  NVIDIA in 2005 as Senior Vice President, Worldwide Sales and became Executive Vice President, Worldwide Field Operationsin
 2009.  Prior  to  NVIDIA,  he  held  positions  in  sales,  marketing,  and  general  management  over  a  22-year  career  at  Sun  Microsystems,  Inc.,  acomputing
 systems company. Mr. Puri previously held marketing, management consulting, and product development positions at Hewlett-PackardCompany,
 an  information  technology  company,  Booz  Allen  Hamilton  Inc.,  a  management  and  technology  consulting  company,  and  TexasInstruments
 Incorporated. Mr. Puri holds a B.S.E.E. degree from the University of Minnesota, an M.S.E.E. degree from the California Institute ofTechnology and an M.B.A. degree from Harvard Business Sch
ool.Debora Shoquist
 joined NVIDIA in  2007 as Senior Vice President of Operations and in 2009 became Executive Vice President of Operations. Priorto NVIDIA, Ms.
 Shoquist served from 2004 to 2007 as Executive Vice President of Operations at JDS Uniphase Corp., a provider of communicationstest
 and measurement solutions and optical products for the telecommunications industry. She served from 2002 to 2004 as Senior Vice Presidentand General Manager of 
the Electro-Optics business at Coherent, Inc., a manufacturer of commercial and scientific laser equipment. Previously, sheworked
 at Quantum Corp., a data protection company, as President of the Personal Computer Hard Disk Drive Division, and at Hewlett-PackardCorp.
 Ms.  Shoquist  holds  a  B.S.  degree  in  Electrical  Engineering  from  Kansas  State  University  and  a  B.S.  degree  in  Biology  from  Santa  ClaraUniversity.
Timothy
 S. Teter joined  NVIDIA in 2017 as Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary and became Executive Vice President, GeneralCounsel
 and Secretary in February 2018. Prior to NVIDIA, Mr. Teter spent more than two decades at the law firm of Cooley LLP. He was mostrecently
 a partner at Cooley, where he focused on litigating patent and technology related matters. Prior to attending law school, he worked as anengineer
 at Lockheed Missiles and Space Company. Mr. Teter holds a B.S. degree in Mechanical Engineering from the University of California atDavis and a J.D. degree from Stanford Law School.
Available Information
Our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form
 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and, if applicable, amendments to those reports filedor
 furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, are available free of charge on or through our website,http://www.nvidia.com
,  as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnish it to, the Securities and ExchangeCommission,
 or  the  SEC.  The  SEC’s  website, http://www.sec.gov ,  contains  reports,  proxy  and  information  statements,  and  other  informationregarding
 issuers that file electronically with the SEC. Our web site and the information on it or connected to it are not a part of this Annual Reporton Form 10-K.
ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS
In evaluating NVIDIA
 and our business, the following factors should be considered in addition to the other information in this Annual Report on Form10-K.
 Before you buy our common stock, you should know that making such an investment involves risks including, but not limited to, the risksdescribed
 below. Any one of the following risks could harm our business, financial condition, results of operations or reputation, which could causeour
 stock price to decline, and you may lose all or a part of your investment. Additional risks, trends and uncertainties not presently known to us orthat we currently believe are immaterial may also harm our business, financi
al condition, results of operations or reputation.Risks Related to Our Industry and Markets
If
 we fail to meet the evolving needs of our markets, or to identify new products, services or technologies, our revenue and financialresults may be adversely impacted.
Our
 GPU-based  visual  and  accelerated  computing  platforms  address  four  large  markets:  Gaming,  Professional  Visualization,  Data  Center,  andAutomotive.
 These  markets  often  experience  rapid  technological  change,  changes  in  customer  requirements,  new  product  introductions  andenhancements,
 and evolving industry standards. Our success depends on our ability to identify emerging industry changes and to develop new (orenhance
 our existing) products, services and technologies that meet the evolving needs of these markets. Such activities may require considerabletechnical, financial, compliance, sal
es and marketing investments. We devote significant resources to the development of technologies and businessofferings
 in markets where we have a limited operating history, such as the automotive and data center markets, which presents additional risks toour business. For
 example, we must continue to accurately forecast demand, scale and optimize utilization in our data center business, and developand
 deliver next-generation autonomous driving solutions to our partners and customers or our business could be negatively impacted. We alsomust
 continue  to  scale  our  networking  business  following  the  Mellanox  acquisition  by  leveraging  our  joint  product  capabilities  and  continuing  toeffectively integr
ate company processes. We must also continue to develop the infrastructure needed to scale our business in these areas, includingcustomer
 service  and  support,  e-commerce  and  intellectual  property,  or  IP,  licensing  capabilities.  If  we  do  not  continue  to  evolve  our  business,including by developing
13
Table of Contentsmarket
 specific technologies, managing the social and environmental impact of our products and technologies, expanding the ecosystem for ourcurrent and
 future products and technologies, and monetizing and expanding our business in various areas, our financial results could be negativelyimpacted. We also must meet
 customer safety and compliance standards, which are subject to change, including those applicable to our automotivesolutions and systems. Additionally, we continue 
to make considerable investments in research and development, which may not produce significantrevenue
 for several years, if at all. If our investments are unsuccessful and we fail to develop new products, services and technologies, or if wefocus
 on technologies that do not become widely adopted, our business, revenue, financial condition and results of operations could be adverselyaffected.
 We cannot assure you that our strategic direction will result in innovative products and technologies that provide value to our customers,partners, and
 ultimately, our shareholders. If we fail to anticipate the changing needs of our target markets and emerging technology trends, or if wedo
 not appropriately adapt our strategies as market conditions evolve, in a timely manner to exploit potential market opportunities, our business willbe harmed.
For
 our  products  that  we  do not  sell  directly  to  consumers,  achieving  design wins  is  an  important  success  factor,  including  for  our  interconnectproducts.
 Achieving design wins may involve a lengthy process in pursuit of a customer opportunity and depend on our ability to anticipate featuresand
 functionality that customers and consumers will demand. Failure to obtain a particular design win may prevent us from obtaining design wins insubsequent
 generations of a particular product. This could result in lost revenue and could weaken our position in future competitive bid selectionprocesses.
Unantici
pated changes in industry standards could render our products incompatible with products developed by major hardware manufacturers andsoftware developers. Addition
ally, if our products are not in compliance with prevailing industry standards, including safety standards, our customersmay not
 incorporate our products into their design strategies. Furthermore, winning a product design does not guarantee sales to a customer or thatwe will realize as much revenue as antici
pated, if any.Competition in our current and target markets could prevent us from growing our revenue.
Our
 target markets remain extremely competitive, and we expect competition to intensify as current competitors expand their product and/or serviceofferings,
 industry  standards  continue  to  evolve,  customer  needs  change  and  new  competitors  enter  these  markets.  Our  competitors’  products,services and
 technologies may be less costly, or may offer superior functionality or better features, than ours, which may result, among other things,in lower
 than expected selling prices for our products. In addition, some of our competitors operate and maintain their own fabrication facilities, havelonger
 operating histories, larger customer bases, more comprehensive IP portfolios and patent protections, and greater financial, sales, marketingand
 distribution resources than we do. These competitors may be able to more effectively identify and capitalize upon opportunities in new marketsand end
 user customer trends, quickly transition their products, including semiconductor products, to increasingly smaller line width geometries, andobtain
 sufficient foundry capacity and packaging materials, which could harm our business. In our networking business, some of our customers arealso
 integrated circuit and switch suppliers and already have in-house expertise and internal development capabilities similar to ours. Licensing ourtechnology
 and supporting such customers entails the transfer of intellectual property rights that may enable such customers to develop their ownproducts and
 solutions to replace those we are currently providing to them. Consequently, these customers may become competitors to us. Further,each
 new  design  by  a  customer  presents  a  competitive  situation.  If  we  are  unable  to  successfully  compete  in  our  target  markets,  respond  tochanges
 in our target markets or introduce new offerings to meet the needs of this competitive environment, including in significant internationalmarkets
 such as China, demand for our products, services and technologies could decrease, which would cause our revenue to decline and causeour
 results of operations to suffer. In addition, the competitive landscape in our target markets has changed and may continue to evolve due to atrend toward consolidation, which cou
ld lead to fewer customers, partners, or suppliers, any of which could negatively affect our financial results.Risks Related to Our Supply and Manufacturing
We
 depend on third parties and their technology to manufacture, assemble, test and/or package our products, which reduces our controlover
 product quantity and quality, manufacturing yields, development, enhancement and product delivery schedule and could harm ourbusiness.
We do
 not manufacture the silicon wafers used for our products and do not own or operate a wafer fabrication facility. Instead, we are dependent onindustry-leading
 foundries, such as Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company Limited and Samsung Electronics Co. Ltd., to manufacture oursemiconductor
 wafers using their fabrication equipment and techniques. Similarly, we do not directly assemble, test or package our products, butinstead
 rely on independent subcontractors. In the past we have not had and going forward we may not have long-term commitment contracts withthese foundries or subcontractors. Nevertheless, we may enter into long-term procurement and capac
ity commitments14
Table of Contentsas
 our  business  grows  or  in  periods  with  limited  availability  of  capacity  and  components  in  our  supply  chain.  As  our  business  grows,  we  mustcontinue to scale and
 adapt our supply chain or it could have an adverse impact on our business. As a result, we face several significant risks whichcould
 have an adverse effect on our ability to meet customer demand, scale our supply chain and/or negatively impact our business operations,gross margin, revenue and/or financial results, includ
ing:•
a lack of guaranteed supply of wafers and other components and potential higher wafer and component prices, which could be impacted byour failure to correctly estimate demand and to place orders with our suppli
ers in sufficient quantities and/or in a timely manner;•
a failure by our foundries to procure raw materials or to provide or allocate adequate, or any, manufacturing or test capacity for our products;•
a failure by our foundries to develop, obtain or successfully implement high quality, leading-edge process technologies, including transitionsto
 smaller geometry process technologies such as advanced process node technologies and memory designs needed to manufacture ourproducts profitably or on a timely basis;
•
a limited number of suppliers, including foundries, assembly and test providers, and memory manufacturers;•
loss of a supplier and additional expense and/or production delays as a result of qualifying a new foundry or subcontractor and commencingvolume production or testing in the event of a loss of or a decision to add or cha
nge a supplier;•
a lack of direct control over delivery schedules or product quantity and quality; and•
delays in product shipments, shortages, a decrease in product quality and/or higher expenses in the event our subcontractors or foundriesprioritize our competitors’ orders over our orders or otherwise.
In
 addition, low manufacturing yields could have an adverse effect on our ability to meet customer demand, increase manufacturing costs, harmcustomer
 or partner relationships, and/or negatively impact our business operations, gross margin, revenue and/or financial results. Manufacturingyields
 for our products are a function of product design, which is developed largely by us, and process technology, which typically is proprietary tothe
 foundry. Low yields may result from either product design or process technology failure. We do not know whether a yield problem will exist untilour
 design is actually manufactured by the foundry. As a result, yield problems may not be identified until well into the manufacturing process andrequire us and the foundry to cooperate to resolve the problem.
We
 also  rely  on  third-party  software  development  tools  to  assist  us  in  the  design,  simulation  and  verification  of  new  products  or  productenhancements,
 and to bring such new products and enhancements to market in a timely manner. In the past, we have experienced delays in theintroduction
 of products and enhancements as a result of the inability of then available software development tools to fully simulate the complexfeatures
 and  functionalities  of  our  products.  The  design  requirements  necessary  to  meet  consumer  demands  for  more  features  and  greaterfunctionality
 from our products may exceed the capabilities of available software development tools. If we miss design cycles or lose design winsdue to the unavailability of such software deve
lopment tools, we could lose market share and our revenues could decline. If we fail to achieve designwins for our products, our business will be harmed.
If
 our products contain significant defects, we could incur significant expenses to remediate such defects, our reputation could bedamaged, and we could lose market share.
Our products, including both hardware and
 software offerings, are complex and may contain defects or security vulnerabilities, or experience failuresor
 unsatisfactory performance due to any number of issues in design, fabrication, packaging, materials and/or use within a system. These risks mayincrease
 as our products are introduced into new devices, markets, technologies and applications, including into the automotive market, or as newversions
 are released. Some errors in our products or services may only be discovered after a product or service has been shipped or used bycustomers
 or the end users of such product. Undiscovered vulnerabilities in our products or services could expose our customers or end users tohackers
 or other unscrupulous third parties who develop and deploy viruses, worms and other malicious software programs that could attack ourproducts
 or services. Failure of our products to perform to specifications, or other product defects, could lead to substantial damage to the productswe
 sell directly to customers, the end product in which our device has been integrated by OEMs, ODMs, AIBs and Tier 1 automotive suppliers, andto
 the user of such end product. Any such defect may cause us to incur significant warranty, support and repair or replacement costs, write-off thevalue of related inventory, cause us
 to lose market share, and divert the attention of our engineering personnel from our product development effortsto
 find  and  correct  the  issue.  In  addition,  an  error  or  defect  in  new  products  or  releases  or  related  software  drivers  after  commencement  ofcommercial shipments could result in
15
Table of Contentsfailure
 to achieve market acceptance or loss of design wins, harm our relationships with customers and partners and harm consumers’ perceptionsof our
 brand. Also, we may be required to reimburse our customers, partners or consumers, including costs to repair or replace products in the field.A
 product recall, including automotive recalls or recalls due to a bug in our products, or a significant number of product returns could be expensive,damage
 our reputation, harm our ability to attract new customers, result in the shifting of business to our competitors and result in litigation againstus,
 such as product liability suits. If a product liability claim is brought against us, the cost of defending the claim could be significant and woulddivert the efforts
 of our technical and management personnel, and harm our business. Further, our business liability insurance may be inadequate orfuture coverage may be unavailable on acc
eptable terms, which could adversely impact our financial results.Risks Related to Our Operating Business
If we fail to estimate customer demand properly, our financial results could be harmed.
Our products are
 manufactured based on estimates of customers’ future demand and our manufacturing lead times are very long. This could lead toa
 significant mismatch between supply and demand, giving rise to product shortages or excess inventory, and make our demand forecast moreuncertain.
 We sell many of our products through a channel model, and our channel customers sell to retailers, distributors, and/or end customers.As
 a result, the decisions made by our channel partners, retailers, and distributors in response to changing market conditions and the changingdemand
 for our products could impact our financial results. In order to have shorter shipment lead times and quicker delivery schedules for ourcustomers,
 we may build inventory for anticipated periods of growth which do not occur, may build inventory anticipating demand that does notmaterialize, or may build inventory 
to serve what we believe is pent-up demand. In periods with limited availability of capacity and components in oursupply chain,
 we may place non-cancellable inventory orders significantly in advance of our normal lead times, pay premiums or provide deposits tosecure
 normal  and  incremental  future  supply,  which  could  negatively  impact  our  financial  results.  Demand  for  our  products  is  based  on  manyfactors,
 including our product introductions and transitions,  competitor  announcements, and competing technologies, all of which can impact thetiming
 and  amount  of  our  revenue.  For  example,  our  GPUs  for  gaming  are  capable  of  digital  currency  mining.  Demand  and  use  of  GPUs  forcryptocurrency
 has fluctuated in the past and is likely to continue to change quickly. Volatility in the cryptocurrency market, including changes in theprices
 of cryptocurrencies, can impact demand for our products and our ability to estimate demand for our products. Changes to cryptocurrencystandards
 and processes including, but not limited to, the pending Ethereum 2.0 standard may also create increased aftermarket  resales of ourGPUs
 and may reduce demand for our new GPUs. Additionally, consumer behavior during the COVID-19 pandemic, such as increased demand forour
 Gaming, Data Center and mobile workstation and laptop products and suppressed corporate demand for desktop workstations, has made itmore difficult for
 us to estimate future demand, and these challenges may be more pronounced in the future if and when the effects of the pandemicsubside.
 In estimating demand, we make multiple assumptions, any of which may prove to be incorrect. If we are unable to accurately anticipatedemand
 for our products, our business and financial results could be adversely impacted. Situations that may result in excess or obsolete inventoryinclude:
•
changes in business and economic conditions, including downturns in our target markets and/or overall economy;•
changes in consumer confidence caused by changes in market conditions, including changes in the credit market;•
a sudden and significant decrease in demand for our products;•
a higher incidence of inventory obsolescence because of rapidly changing technology or customer requirements;•
our introduction of new products resulting in lower demand for older products;•
less demand than expected for newly-introduced products; or•
increased competition, including competitive pricing actions.The
 cancellation  or  deferral  of  customer  purchase  orders  could  result  in  our  holding  excess  inventory,  which  could  adversely  affect  our  grossmargins. In
 addition, because we often sell a substantial portion of our products in the last month of each quarter, we may not be able to reduce ourinventory
 purchase commitments in a timely manner in response to customer cancellations or deferrals. We could be required to write-down ourinventory
 to  the  lower  of  cost  or  net  realizable  value  or  excess  inventory,  and  we  could  experience  a  reduction  in  average  selling  prices  if  weincorrectly forecast product demand, any of which could harm our financia
l results.16
Table of ContentsConversely,
 if we underestimate our customers' demand for our products, our foundry partners may not have adequate lead-time or capacity toincrease
 production  and  we  may  not  be  able  to  obtain  sufficient  inventory  to  fill  customers'  orders  on  a  timely  basis.  We  may  also  face  supplyconstraints
 caused by natural disasters or other events. In such cases, even if we are able to increase production levels to meet customer demand,we
 may not be able to do so in a cost-effective or timely manner. If we fail to fulfill our customers' orders on a timely basis, or at all, our customerrelationships could be damag
ed, we could lose revenue and market share and our reputation could be damaged.System
 security and data protection breaches, as well as cyber-attacks, could disrupt our operations, reduce our expected revenue andincrease our expenses, which could adversely affect our stock price and damage our reputation.
Security
 breaches, computer malware, phishing, and cyber-attacks have become more prevalent and sophisticated in recent years. These threatsare
 constantly evolving, making it increasingly difficult to successfully defend against them or implement adequate preventative measures. Theseattacks
 have  occurred  on  our  systems  in  the  past  and  are  expected  to  occur  in  the  future.  Experienced  computer  programmers,  hackers  andemployees
 may penetrate our security controls and misappropriate or compromise our confidential information, or that of our employees or thirdparties.
 These attacks may create system disruptions or cause shutdowns. These hackers may also develop and deploy viruses, worms and othermalicious
 software programs that attack or otherwise exploit security vulnerabilities in our products, including consumer and automotive products,where
 we utilize over-the-air updates to improve functionality over time. For portions of our IT infrastructure, including business management andcommunication
 software products, we rely on products and services provided by third parties. These providers may also experience breaches andattacks
 to their products which may impact our systems. For example, in 2020, SolarWinds Inc., one of our third party software service providers,was
 subject to a data security breach. To date, our investigations of this breach, which were supported by a third party expert, have not identifiedany
 adverse impact to NVIDIA. Data security breaches may also result from non-technical means, such as actions by an employee with access toour
 systems. To defend against security threats, both to our internal systems and those of our customers, we must continuously engineer moresecure
 products and enhance security and reliability features, which may result in increased expenses. We must also continue to develop securitymeasures
 within  NVIDIA,  ensure  our  suppliers  have  appropriate  security  measures  in  place,  and  continue  to  meet  the  evolving  securityrequirements of our customers or our business could be negatively imp
acted.Actual
 or perceived breaches of our security measures or the accidental loss, inadvertent disclosure or unapproved dissemination of proprietaryinformation
 or sensitive or confidential data about us, our partners, our customers or third parties could expose us and the parties affected to a riskof
 loss or misuse of this information,  resulting  in litigation  and potential  liability,  paying damages,  regulatory  inquiries or actions,  damage to ourbrand
 and reputation or other harm to our business. Our efforts to prevent and overcome these challenges could increase our expenses and maynot
 be successful. We may experience interruptions, delays, cessation of service and loss of existing or potential customers. Such disruptions couldadversely
 impact our ability to fulfill orders and interrupt other critical functions. Delayed sales, lower margins or lost customers as a result of thesedisruptions could adversely affect our financia
l results, stock price and reputation.Business disruptions could harm our business, lead to a decline in revenues and increase our costs.
Our
 worldwide  operations  could  be  disrupted  by  earthquakes,  telecommunications  failures,  power  or  water  shortages,  outages  at  cloud  serviceproviders,
 tsunamis,  floods,  hurricanes,  typhoons,  fires,  extreme  weather  conditions,  cyber-attacks,  terrorist  attacks,  medical  epidemics  orpandemics
 (including,  but  not  limited  to,  COVID-19)  and  other  natural  or  man-made  disasters,  catastrophic  events  or  climate  change.  Theoccurrence
 of any of these disruptions could harm our business and result in significant losses, a decline in revenue and an increase in our costsand expenses. Any
 of these business disruptions could require substantial expenditures and recovery time in order to fully resume operations. Suchrisks
 are discussed further in the risk factor “The COVID-19 pandemic continues to impact our business and could materially adversely affect ourfinancial
 condition and results of operations.” Our corporate headquarters, and a portion of our research and development activities, are located inCalifornia,
 and other critical business operations, finished goods inventory, and some of our suppliers are located in Asia, near major earthquakefaults
 known  for  seismic  activity.  In  addition,  a  large  portion  of  our  current  data  center  capacity  is  located  in  California,  making  our  operationsvulnerable
 to natural disasters or other business disruptions occurring in these geographical areas. The manufacture of product components, thefinal
 assembly of our products and other critical operations are concentrated in certain geographic locations, including Taiwan, China, Hong Kong,Israel
 and  Korea.  Additionally,  a  significant  portion  of  our  finished  goods  product  distribution  occurs  through  Hong  Kong,  Israel  and  Taiwan.Geopolitical
 change  or  changes  in  government  regulations  and  policies  in  the  United  States  or  abroad  may  result  in  changing  regulatoryrequirements,
 trade policies, import duties and economic disruptions that could impact our operating strategies, product demand, access to globalmarkets, hiring, and profitability. In particular, revisions to laws or regulations or their interpretatio
n and enforcement17
Table of Contentscould
 result in increased taxation, trade sanctions, the imposition of import duties or tariffs, restrictions and controls on imports or exports, or otherretaliatory
 actions, which could have an adverse effect on our business plans or impact the timing of our shipments. For example, regulations toimplement the Export Control Reform Act
 of 2018 could have an adverse effect on our business plans. Catastrophic events can also have an impacton
 third-party  vendors  who  provide  us  critical  infrastructure  services  for  IT  and  research  and  development  systems  and  personnel.  In  addition,geopolitical
 and domestic political developments,  such as existing and potential trade wars, political or social unrest, elections and post-electiondevelopments,
 and other events beyond our control, can increase levels of political and economic unpredictability globally and increase the volatilityof
 global financial markets. Political instability, changes in government or adverse political developments in or around any of the major countries inwhich
 we  do  business  would  also  likely  harm  our  business,  financial  condition  and  results  of  operations.  Our  operations  could  be  harmed  ifmanufacturing,
 logistics or other operations in these locations are disrupted for any reason, including natural disasters, high heat events or watershortages,
 other  negative  impacts  from  climate  change,  information  technology  system  failures,  military  actions  or  economic,  business,  labor,environmental,
 public health, regulatory or political issues. The ultimate impact on us, our third-party foundries and other suppliers and our generalinfrastructure
 of being located near major earthquake faults and being consolidated in certain geographical areas is unknown. In the event a majorearthquake
 or other disaster or catastrophic event affects us or the third-party systems on which we rely, our business could be harmed as a resultof
 declines in revenue, increases in expenses, substantial expenditures and time spent to fully resume operations. All of these risks and conditionscould materially adversely affect our future sales and operatin
g results.The
 COVID-19 pandemic continues to impact our business and could materially adversely affect our financial condition and results ofoperations.
COVID-19 has
 spread worldwide, resulting in government authorities implementing numerous measures to try to contain the disease, such as travelbans
 and restrictions, quarantines, shelter-in-place orders and shutdowns. These measures have impacted, and may further impact, our workforceand
 operations, the operations of our customers and our partners, and those of our respective vendors and suppliers (including our subcontractorsand third-party contract 
manufacturers). Our critical business operations, including our headquarters, most of our finished goods inventory and manyof
 our  key  suppliers  are  located  in  regions  which  have  been  impacted  by  COVID-19.  Our  customers  and  suppliers  worldwide  have  also  beenaffected and may continue to be affected by COVID-19 related restrictions and closures.
The
 COVID-19 pandemic has increased economic and demand uncertainty. It continues to affect our business in both positive and negative ways,and
 there is uncertainty around their duration and impact. In the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2021, our Gaming and Data Center market platformsbenefited
 from stronger demand as people continue to work, learn, and play from home. Our Professional Visualization market platform benefitedfrom work-from-home 
trends in mobile workstations and desktop workstation demand has started to recover, although not back to pre-COVID levels.In our
 Automotive market platform, COVID-19 did not have a significant impact on demand in the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2021. In some regions,markets,
 or industries, where COVID-19 has driven an increase in sales for our products, the demand may not be sustainable if conditions change.Additionally,
 stronger demand globally has limited the availability of capacity and components in our supply chain, particularly in Gaming, whichcould cause
 us to order an excess amount if demand changes, pay higher prices, or limit our ability to obtain supply at necessary levels or at all. Asthe
 COVID-19  pandemic  continues,  the  timing  and  overall  demand  from  customers  and  the  availability  of  supply  chain,  logistical  services  andcomponent supply may have a material net negative imp
act on our business and financial results.The
 manufacture of product components, the final assembly of our products and other critical operations are concentrated in certain geographiclocations,
 including Taiwan,  China, Hong Kong, Israel  and Korea.  A significant  portion  of  our finished  goods product  distribution  occurs  throughHong
 Kong, Israel and Taiwan. Additionally, our headquarters is located in California. Each of these countries and locations has been affected bythe
 pandemic  and  has  taken  measures  to  try  to  contain  it,  including  restrictions  on  manufacturing  facilities,  commerce,  travel,  on  our  supportoperations
 or  workforce,  or  on  our  customers,  partners,  vendors  and  suppliers.  There  is  considerable  uncertainty  regarding  the  impact  of  suchmeasures
 and potential future measures. Such measures, as well as restrictions or disruptions of transportation,  such as reduced availability orincrease
d cost of air transport, port closures and increased border controls or closures, could limit our capacity to meet customer demand and havea material adverse effect on our financial condition a
nd results of operations.The
 spread  of  COVID-19  has  caused  us  to  modify  our  business  practices  (including  employee  travel,  mandatory  work-from-home  policies  andcancellation
 of physical participation in meetings, events and conferences), and we may take further actions as required by government authoritiesand regulations
 or that we determine are in the best interests of our employees, customers, partners and suppliers. Most of our employees continueto work remotely. There is no
18
Table of Contentscertainty
 that  such  measures  will  be  sufficient  to  mitigate  the  risks  posed  by  the  disease,  and  our  ability  to  perform  critical  functions  could  beharmed.
While the
 extent and duration of the COVID-19 pandemic on the global economy and our business is difficult to assess or predict, the pandemic hasresulted
 in, and may continue to result in, significant disruption of global financial markets, which may reduce our ability to access capital or ourcustomers’
 ability  to  pay  us  for  past  or  future  purchases,  which  could  negatively  affect  our  liquidity.  A  recession  or  financial  market  correctionresulting
 from  the  lack  of  containment  and  spread  of  COVID-19  could  impact  overall  technology  spending,  adversely  affecting  demand  for  ourproducts, our business and the value of our common stock.
The
 ultimate impact of the COVID-19 pandemic or a similar health epidemic is highly uncertain and subject to change. The extent of the impact ofthe
 COVID-19 pandemic on our operational and financial performance, including our ability to execute our business strategies and initiatives in theexpected
 time  frame,  will  depend  on  future  developments,  including,  but  not  limited  to,  the  duration  and  continued  spread  of  the  pandemic,  itsseverity,
 the actions to contain the disease or treat its impact, availability of vaccines or other treatments, further related restrictions on travel, andthe duration, timing and severity of the impact on customer spending, including any recession result
ing from the pandemic, all of which are uncertainand
 cannot be predicted. An extended period of global supply chain and economic disruption as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic could have amaterial
 negative impact on our business, results of operations, access to sources of liquidity and financial condition, though the full extent andduration is uncertain.
We
 may not be able to realize the potential financial or strategic benefits of business acquisitions or investments, including the Mellanoxacquisition
 and the planned Arm acquisition, and we may not be able to successfully integrate acquisition targets, which could hurt ourability to grow our business, develop new products or sell our products.
We
 have  in  the  past  acquired  and  invested  in,  and  may  continue  to  acquire  and  invest  in,  other  businesses  that  offer  products,  services  andtechnologies
 that we believe will help expand or enhance our existing products, strategic objectives and business. We completed our acquisition ofMellanox
 for approximately $7 billion in April 2020. In September 2020, we announced our agreement to acquire all allotted and issued ordinaryshares
 of Arm in a transaction valued at $40 billion. The Mellanox acquisition, the planned Arm acquisition and future acquisitions or investmentsinvolve
 significant challenges and risks, and could impair our ability to grow our business, develop new products or sell our products, and ultimatelycould
 have a negative impact on our growth or our financial results. Given that our resources are limited, our decision to pursue a transaction hasopportun
ity costs; accordingly, if we pursue a particular transaction, we may need to forgo the prospect of entering into other transactions that couldhelp
 us  achieve  our  strategic  objectives.  Furthermore,  if  we  are  unable  to  complete  acquisitions  in  a  timely  manner,  including  due  to  delays  inobtaini
ng regulatory approvals, we may be unable to pursue other transactions, we may not be able to retain critical talent from the target company,technology
 may evolve, making the acquisition less attractive, and other changes can take place which could jeopardize or reduce the anticipatedbenefits
 of  the transaction  and negatively  impact  our business.  In  addition,  we have made and may in the future  make strategic  investments  inprivate companies
 and may not realize a return on our investments. Additional risks related to the Mellanox acquisition, the planned Arm acquisitionand other acquisitions or strategic investments includ
e, but are not limited to:•
difficulty in combining the technology, products, or operations of the acquired business with our business;•
difficulty in integrating and retaining the acquired workforce, including key employees;•
diversion of capital and other resources, including management’s attention;•
assumption of liabilities and incurring amortization expenses, impairment charges to goodwill or write-downs of acquired assets;•
integrating financial forecasting and controls, procedures and reporting cycles;•
coordinating and integrating operations in countries in which we have not previously operated;•
acquiring business challenges and risks, including, but not limited to, disputes with management and integrating international operations andjoint ventures;
•
difficulty in realizing a satisfactory return, if any return at all;•
difficulty in obtaining or inability to obtain governmental and regulatory consents and approvals, other approvals or financing;19
Table of Contents•
the potential impact of with complying with governmental or other regulatory restrictions placed on an acquisition;•
the potential impact on our stock price and financial results if we are unable to obtain regulatory approval for an acquisition, are required topay reverse breakup fees or are otherwise unable to close a
n acquisition;•
failure and costs associated with the failure to consummate a proposed acquisition or other strategic investment;•
legal proceedings initiated as a result of an acquisition or investment;•
the potential for our acquisitions to result in dilutive issuances of our equity securities;•
the potential variability of the amount and form of any performance-based consideration;•
uncertainties and time needed to realize the benefits of an acquisition or strategic investment, if at all;•
negative changes in general economic conditions in the regions or the industries in which we or our target operate;•
the need to determine an alternative strategy if an acquisition does not meet our expectations;•
potential failure of our due diligence processes to identify significant issues with the acquired assets or company; and•
impairment  of  relationships  with,  or  loss  of  our  or  our  target’s  employees,  vendors  and  customers,  as  a  result  of  our  acquisition  orinvestment.
We
 receive a significant amount of our revenue from a limited number of customers within our partner network and our revenue could beadversely affected if we lose or are prevented from selling to any of these customers.
We receive a significant amount of our revenue from a limited number of customers within our distributio
n and partner network. With several of thesedistributors
 and partners, we are selling multiple target market platforms through their channels. Our operating results in the foreseeable future willcontinue
 to depend on sales within our partner network, as well as the ability of these partners to sell products that incorporate our processors. Inthe
 future, these partners may decide to purchase fewer products than they did in the past, not to incorporate our products into their ecosystem, orto alter their purchasing patterns in some other way, particularly because:
•
most  of  our  sales  are  made  on  a  purchase  order  basis,  which  permits  our  customers  to  cancel,  change  or  delay  product  purchasecommitments with little or no notice to us and without penalty;
•
our partners may develop their own solutions;•
our customers may purchase products from our competitors; or•
our partners may discontinue sales or lose market share in the markets for which they purchase our products.We
 could also be restricted from selling our products or providing our technology and services due to U.S. trade restrictions. The loss of any of ourlarge
 customers, a significant reduction in purchases by them, or our inability to sell to a customer due to U.S. trade restrictions would likely harmour
 financial condition and results of operations, and any difficulties in collecting accounts receivable could harm our operating results and financialcondition.
We
 maintain  an  allowance  for  doubtful  accounts  for  estimated  losses  resulting  from  the  inability  of  certain  of  our  customers  to  make  requiredpayments
 and  obtain  credit  insurance  over  the  purchasing  credit  extended  to  these  customers.  In  the  future,  we  may  have  to  record  additionalprovisions
 or write-offs and/or defer revenue on certain sales transactions, which could negatively impact our financial results, and we may not beable to acquire credit insurance on the credit we exten
d to these customers or in amounts that we deem sufficient.We
 are subject to risks and uncertainties associated with international operations, including adverse economic conditions, which mayharm our business.
We
 conduct  our  business  worldwide  and  we  have  offices  in  various  countries  outside  of  the  United  States.  Our  semiconductor  wafers  aremanufactured,
 assembled, tested and packaged by third parties located outside of the United States. We also generate a significant portion of ourrevenue from sales outside the United States. We allocate revenue
20
Table of Contentsto
 individual countries based on the location to which the products are initially billed even if our customers’ revenue is attributable to end customersthat are located in a
 different location. Revenue from sales outside of the United States accounted for 81% of total revenue for fiscal year 2021, 92%for
 fiscal year 2020 and 87% for fiscal year 2019. Revenue from billings to China, including Hong Kong, was 23% of our revenue for fiscal year2021. Additionall
y, as of January 31, 2021, approximately 53% of our employees were located outside of the United States. The global nature of ourbusiness
 subjects us to a number of risks and uncertainties, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition andresults of operations, including:
•
international economic and political conditions and other political tensions between countries in which we do business;•
unexpected changes in, or impositions of, legislative or regulatory requirements, including changes in tax laws and employee safety andhealth regulations and 
those applicable to business acquisitions;•
differing legal standards with respect to protection of intellectual property and employment practices;•
local business and cultural factors that differ from our normal standards and practices, including business practices that we are prohibitedfrom engaging in by the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and other anticorrupti
on laws and regulations;•
exporting or importing issues related to export or import restrictions,  including deemed export restrictions,  tariffs, quotas and other tradebarriers and restrictions;
•
disruptions of capital and trading markets and currency fluctuations;•
increased costs due to imposition of climate change regulations, such as carbon taxes, fuel or energy taxes, and pollution limits; and•
natural  disasters,  public  health  issues  (including  the  COVID-19  pandemic  discussed  further  in  the  risk  factor  “The  COVID-19  pandemiccontinues
 to impact our business and could materially adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations,” above), and othercatastrophic events.
If our sales outside of the United States are delayed or cancell
ed because of any of the above factors, our revenue may be negatively impacted.We
 are subject to laws and regulations worldwide that differ among jurisdictions, affecting our operations in areas including, but not limited to: IPownership
 and infringement; tax; import and export requirements; anti-corruption; foreign exchange controls and cash repatriation restrictions; dataprivacy requirements; competition;
 advertising; employment; product regulations; environment, health, and safety requirements; and consumer laws.Compliance
 with  such  requirements  can  be  onerous  and  expensive,  and  may  otherwise  impact  our  business  operations  negatively.  Expandingprivacy
 legislation and compliance costs of privacy-related and data protection measures could adversely affect our customers and their productsand services, which could in turn reduce deman
d for our products used for those workloads.Although
 we have policies, controls, and procedures designed to help ensure compliance with applicable laws, there can be no assurance that ouremployees,
 contractors, suppliers, or agents will not violate such laws or our policies. Violations of these laws and regulations can result in fines;criminal
 sanctions  against  us,  our  officers,  or  our  employees;  prohibitions  on  the  conduct  of  our  business;  and  damage  to  our  reputation.  Thetechnology
 industry is subject to intense media, political, and regulatory scrutiny, which can increase our exposure to government investigations,legal actions, and penalties.
Adverse
 changes in global, regional or local economic conditions, including recession or slowing growth, changes or uncertainty in fiscal, monetary,or
 trade policy, higher interest rates, tighter credit, inflation, lower capital expenditures by businesses including on IT infrastructure, increases inunemployment,
 and lower consumer confidence and spending, periodically occur. The COVID-19 pandemic has significantly increased economicand demand
 uncertainty. It is likely that the continued spread of COVID-19 will cause an economic slowdown, and it is possible that it could cause aglobal
 recession. Adverse changes in economic conditions, including as a result of the pandemic, can significantly harm demand for our productsand
 make it more challenging to forecast our operating results and make business decisions, including regarding prioritization of investments in ourbusiness.
 A slowdown in economic growth could have adverse, wide-ranging effects on our business and financial results, including a decrease indemand
 for our products and technologies; a decrease in demand for the products and services of our customers or licensees; the inability of oursuppliers to deliver on their supply commitments to us, our inability to supp
ly our products to our customers and/or the21
Table of Contentsinability
 of  our  customers  or  licensees  to  supply  their  products  to  end  users;  the  insolvency  of  key  suppliers,  customers  or  licensees;  delays  inreporting
 or  payments  from  our  customers  or  licensees;  failures  by  counterparties;  and/or  negative  effects  on  inventories.  Uncertain  marketconditions,
 difficulties in obtaining capital, or reduced profitability may also cause some customers to scale back operations, exit businesses, mergewith other
 manufacturers, or file for bankruptcy protection and potentially cease operations, which can also result in lower sales, additional inventoryor bad debt expense. Economic and industry uncertainty may similarly affect suppliers, which coul
d impair their ability to deliver parts and negativelyaffect
 our ability to manage operations and deliver our products. These conditions may also lead to consolidation or strategic alliances among otherequipment
 manufacturers, which could adversely affect our ability to compete effectively. An economic downturn or increased uncertainty may alsolead
 to increased credit and collectability risks, higher borrowing costs or reduced availability of capital markets, reduced liquidity, adverse impactson
 our suppliers, failures of counterparties including financial institutions and insurers, asset impairments, and declines in the value of our financialinstruments.
Additionally,
 we have engineering facilities, corporate and sales support operations and some of our manufacturing located in Israel. Accordingly,political,
 economic  and  military  conditions  in  Israel  and  the  Middle  East  may  directly  affect  our  business.  In  addition,  the  State  of  Israel  andcompanies
 with business in Israel have in the past been the subject of an economic boycott and could be in the future. Other countries have in thepast,
 and may continue in the future, to restrict business with the State of Israel and companies with Israeli operations. Further, we are unable toship
 products manufactured in Israel to certain countries. These laws and policies may have an impact on our results of operations. Any losses ordamages incurred by us as a result of such events could have an a
dverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.If
 we are unable to attract, retain and motivate our executives and key employees, we may not be able to execute our business strategyeffectively.
To
 be competitive and execute our business strategy successfully, we must attract, retain and motivate our executives and key employees. Themarket
 for highly skilled workers and leaders in our industry is extremely competitive. In particular, hiring qualified executives, scientists, engineers,technical
 staff and research and development personnel is critical to our business. We also must recruit and develop diverse talent. Additionally,changes
 in immigration and work permit laws and regulations or the administration or interpretation of such laws or regulations could impair ourability
 to attract and retain highly qualified employees. If we are less successful in our recruiting efforts, or if we cannot retain key employees, ourability
 to  develop  and  deliver  successful  products  and  services  may  be  adversely  affected.  Additionally,  competition  for  personnel  results  inincreased
 costs in the form of cash and stock-based compensation. The interpretation and application of employment related laws to our workforcepractices
 may result in increased operating costs and less flexibility in how we meet our workforce needs. We also must retain the key personnelhired
 as a result of our acquisitions, or it could reduce the anticipated benefits of our acquisitions and negatively impact our business. Effectivesuccession
 planning is also important to our long-term success. Failure to ensure effective transfer of knowledge and smooth transitions involvingkey
 employees  could  hinder  our  strategic  planning  and  execution.  We  continue  to  evolve  our  business  practices  in  response  to  the  COVID-19pandemic by supporting and providing resources to
 our employees who are working remotely and implementing stringent safety guidelines for thosewho
 go into the essential labs and offices that remain open. If we do not continue to anticipate and address the safety and wellness needs of ouremployees sufficiently and/or in a timely manner, their productivity coul
d be impacted, or we could fail to retain them.Our
 operating results have in the past fluctuated and may in the future fluctuate, and if our operating results are below the expectationsof securities analysts or investors, our stock price could decline.
Our operating results have in the past fluctuated and may in the future continue to fluctuate d
ue to numerous factors. Therefore, investors should notrely on quarterly comparisons of our results of operations as an indicati
on of our future performance.Additional
 factors, other than or in addition to those described elsewhere in these risk factors, that could affect our results of operations in the futureinclude, but are not limited to:
•
our ability to achieve volume production of our next-generation products;•
our inability to adjust spending to offset revenue shortfalls due to the multi-year development cycle for some of our products and services;•
fluctuations in the demand for our products related to cryptocurrencies and COVID-19, as discussed further in the risk factor “If we fail toestimate customer demand properly, our financial results could be h
armed;”22
Table of Contents•
changes in the timing of product orders due to unexpected delays in the introduction of our partners’ products;•
our ability to cover the manufacturing and design costs of our products through competitive pricing;•
our ability to comply and continue to comply with our customers’ contractual obligations;•
product rates of return in excess of that forecasted or expected due to quality issues;•
our ability to secure appropriate safety certifications and meet industry safety standards;•
supply constraints for and changes in the cost of the other components incorporated into our products;•
inventory write-downs;•
our ability to continue generating revenue from our partner network, including by generating sales within our partner network and ensuringour
 products are incorporated into our partners product ecosystems, and our partner network’s ability to sell products that incorporate ourtechnologies;
•
our dependence on third party vendors and end users to adopt our products, including InfiniBand;•
the inability of certain of our customers to make required payments to us, and our ability to obtain credit insurance over the purchasing creditextended to these customers;
•
customer bad debt write-offs;•
any unanticipated costs associated with environmental liabilities;•
unexpected costs related to our ownership of real property;•
our ability to maintain and scale our business processes, information systems and internal controls;•
changes in financial accounting standards or interpretations of existing standards; and•
general macroeconomic or industry events and factors affecting the overall market and our target markets.Any
 one or more of the factors discussed above could prevent us from achieving our expected future financial results. Any such failure to meet ourexpectations or the expectations of our investors or security analysts could caus
e our stock price to decline or experience substantial price volatility.Risks Related to Regulatory, Legal, Our Common Stock and Other Matters
Actions
 to adequately protect our IP rights could result in substantial costs to us and our ability to compete could be harmed if we areunsuccessful in doing so or if we are prohibited from making or selling our
 products.We
 have in the past, currently are, and may in the future become involved in lawsuits or other legal proceedings alleging patent infringement orother
 intellectual property rights violations by us, our employees or parties that we have agreed to indemnify for certain claims of infringement. Anunfavorable
 ruling in any such intellectual property related litigation could include significant damages, invalidation of a patent or family of patents,indemnification
 of customers, payment of lost profits, or, when it has been sought, injunctive relief. Claims that our products or processes infringethe
 IP rights of others, regardless of their merit, could cause us to incur significant costs to respond to, defend, and resolve such claims, and theymay also divert the efforts and attention of management and technical person
nel.We
 may  commence  litigation  or  other  legal  proceedings  in  order  to  protect  our  intellectual  property  rights.  Such  proceedings  may  increase  ouroperating
 expenses, which could negatively impact our operating results. Further, we could be subject to countersuits as a result of our initiation oflitigation.
 If infringement claims are made against us or our products are found to infringe a third party’s patent or intellectual property, we or one ofour
 indemnitees may have to seek a license to the third party’s patent or other intellectual property rights. However, we may not be able to obtainlicenses
 at all or on terms acceptable to us particularly from our competitors. If we or one of our indemnitees is unable to obtain a license from athird
 party for technology that we use or that is used in one of our products, we could be subject to substantial liabilities or have to suspend ordiscontinue
 the manufacture and sale of one or more of our products. We may also have to make royalty or other payments, or cross license ourtechnology.
 If these arrangements are not concluded on commercially reasonable terms, our business could be negatively impacted. Furthermore,the indemnification of a customer or other indemnitee may increase our op
erating expenses which could negatively impact our operating results.23
Table of ContentsOur
 success depends in part on protecting our intellectual property. To accomplish this, we rely primarily on a combination of patents, trademarks,trade
 secrets, employee and third-party nondisclosure agreements, licensing arrangements, and the laws of the countries in which we operate toprotect
 our intellectual property in the United States and internationally. We may be required to spend significant resources to monitor and protectour
 intellectual property rights, and even with significant expenditures we may not be able to protect our intellectual property rights that are valuableto
 our business. The laws of certain foreign countries may not protect our products or intellectual property rights to the same extent as the laws ofthe
 United  States.  This  makes  the  possibility  of  piracy  of  our  technology  and  products  more  likely.  In  addition,  the  theft  or  unauthorized  use  orpublication
 of  our  trade  secrets  and  other  confidential  business  information  could  harm  our  competitive  position  and  reduce  acceptance  of  ourproducts;
 as a result, the value of our investment in research and development, product development, and marketing could be reduced. We alsomay
 face risks to our intellectual property if our employees are hired by potential competitors. We continuously assess whether and where to seekformal
 protection  for  existing  and  new  innovations  and  technologies,  but  cannot  be  certain  whether  our  applications  for  such  protections  will  beapproved, and, if approved, whether we will b
e able to enforce such protections.Privacy
 concerns relating to our products and services could damage our reputation, deter current and potential users from using ourproducts and services, result in liability, or result in legal or regulatory proceedings.
Our products and services may provide us with access to sensitive, confidentia
l or personal data or information that is subject to privacy and securitylaws
 and regulations. Concerns about our practices or the ultimate use of our products and services with regard to the collection, use, retention,security
 or  disclosure  of  personal  information  or  other  privacy-related  matters,  including  for  use  in  AI,  even  if  unfounded,  could  damage  ourreputation
 and adversely affect our operating results. The theft, loss, or misuse of personal data collected, used, stored, or transferred by us to runour
 business  or  by  one  of  our  partners  could  result  in  significantly  increased  security  costs,  damage  to  our  reputation,  regulatory  proceedings,disruption of our business activities or increased costs relate
d to defending legal claims.Worldwide
 regulatory  authorities  are  considering  and  have  approved  various  legislative  proposals  concerning  data  protection,  which  continue  toevolve
 and apply to our business. For example, the European Union adopted the General Data Protection Regulation, or GDPR, which requiredcompanies
 to meet requirements effective as of May 2018 regarding the handling of personal data, including its use, protection and the ability ofpersons
 whose  data  is  stored  to  access,  correct  and  delete  such  data  about  themselves.  Failure  to  meet  GDPR  requirements  could  result  inpenalti
es of up to 4% of worldwide revenue. In addition, California adopted the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018, or CCPA, which took effecton January
 1, 2020. The CCPA gives California residents the right to access, delete and opt-out of certain sharing of their personal information, andto receive
 detailed information about how it is used and shared. Violations of the CCPA carry substantial civil penalties and the law creates a privateright
 of  action  for  certain  data  breaches,  which  is  expected  to  increase  data  breach  litigation.  California’s  privacy  laws  will  expand  substantiallyeffective
 January  1,  2023  as  a  result  of  California  voters  approving  the  California  Privacy  Rights  Act  of  2020,  or  CPRA,  in  the  November  2020election.
 The CPRA will, among other things, restrict use of certain categories of sensitive personal information; further restrict the use of cross-contextual
 advertising techniques; establish restrictions on the retention of personal information; expand the types of data breaches subject to theprivate
 right  of  action;  and  establish  the  California  Privacy  Protection  Agency  to  implement  and  enforce  the  new  law,  as  well  as  imposeadministrative
 fines. Since the enactment of the CCPA, more than half of the states in the United States and the United States Congress haveconsidered proposed privacy leg
islation, reflecting a trend toward more stringent privacy legislation in the United States.The
 interpretation and application of consumer and data protection laws in the United States, Europe and elsewhere are often uncertain and fluid,and
 may be interpreted and applied in a manner that is inconsistent with our data practices. If so, we may be ordered to change our data practicesand/or
 be fined. Complying with these changing laws has caused, and could continue to cause, us to incur substantial costs, which could have anadverse
 effect on our business and results of operations. Further, failure to comply with existing or new rules may result in significant penalties ororders to stop the alleged noncompliant activity.
We
 may have exposure to additional tax liabilities and our operating results may be adversely impacted by higher than expected taxrates.
As
 a multinational corporation, we are subject to income taxes as well as non-income based taxes, such as payroll, sales, use, value-added, networth,
 property  and  goods  and  services  taxes,  in  both  the  United  States  and  various  foreign  jurisdictions.  Our  domestic  and  international  taxliabilities
 are  subject  to  the  allocation  of  revenue  and  expenses  in  different  jurisdictions.  Significant  judgment  is  required  in  determining  ourworldwide
 provision for income taxes and other tax liabilities. We are regularly under audit by tax authorities in different jurisdictions. For example,we
 are currently under examination by the Internal Revenue Service for our fiscal years 2018 and 2019 and under audit in the United Kingdom,Germany, Israel and India. Although we believe o
ur tax estimates are reasonable, tax authorities may24
Table of Contentsdisagree
 with certain positions we have taken, and any adverse outcome of such a review or audit could increase our worldwide effective tax rate,increase
 the amount of non-income taxes imposed on our business, and harm our financial position, results of operations, and cash flows. Further,changes
 in United States federal, and state or international tax laws applicable to multinational corporations or other fundamental law changes maymaterially impact our tax expense and cash flows, as we experie
nced in fiscal year 2018 with the passage of the TCJA.Our
 future  effective  tax  rate  may  be  affected  by  such  factors  as  changes  in  tax  laws,  changes  in  our  business  or  statutory  rates,  changes  injurisdictions
 in which our profits are determined to be earned and taxed, changes in available tax credits, the resolution of issues arising from taxaudits, changes in United States
 generally accepted accounting principles, adjustments to income taxes upon finalization of tax returns, increases inexpenses not deductible for tax purposes, chang
es in the valuation of our deferred tax assets and liabilities and in deferred tax valuation allowances,changing
 interpretation of existing laws or regulations, the impact of accounting for stock-based compensation and the recognition of excess taxbenefits
 and tax deficiencies within the income tax provision in the period in which they occur, the impact of accounting for business combinations,shifts in the amount of earnings in the United States compared with other regi
ons in the world and overall levels of income before tax, changes in thedomestic
 or international organization of our business and structure, as well as the expiration of statute of limitations and settlements of audits. Anychanges in our effective tax rate may reduce our net income.
Our business is exposed to the risks associated with litigation, investigations and regulatory proceedings.
We
 currently  and  may  in  the  future  face  legal,  administrative  and  regulatory  proceedings,  claims,  demands  and/or  investigations  involvingshareholder,
 consumer,  competition  and/or  other  issues  relating  to  our  business  on  a  global  basis.  For  example,  we  are  currently  defendingourselves in
 a shareholder lawsuit claiming that we and certain of our officers made false and/or misleading statements related to channel inventoryand
 the impact of cryptocurrency mining on GPU demand in 2017 and 2018. In addition, multiple stockholders, purporting to act on our behalf, filedderivative
 lawsuits  seeking  to  assert  claims  on  our  behalf  against  the  members  of  our  board  of  directors  and  certain  officers  based  on  thedissemination of allegedly fals
e and misleading statements related to channel inventory and the impact of cryptocurrency mining on GPU demand.Litigation
 and  regulatory  proceedings  are  inherently  uncertain,  and  adverse  rulings  could  occur,  including  monetary  damages,  or  an  injunctionstopping us
 from manufacturing or selling certain products, engaging in certain business practices, or requiring other remedies, such as compulsorylicensing
 of patents. An unfavorable outcome or settlement may result in a material adverse impact on our business, results of operations, financialposition, and overall trends. In addition, regardl
ess of the outcome, litigation can be costly, time-consuming, and disruptive to our operations.In addition, the
 laws and regulations our business is subject to are complex and change frequently. We may be required to incur significant expenseto comply with changes in, or remedy violations of, these laws and reg
ulations.Delaware
 law and provisions in our certificate of incorporation, our bylaws and our agreement with Microsoft Corporation could delay orprevent a change in control.
Our
 status as a Delaware corporation and the anti-takeover provisions of the Delaware General Corporation Law may discourage, delay, or preventa
 change in control by prohibiting us from engaging in a business combination with an interested shareholder for a period of three years after theperson becomes an interested shareh
older, even if a change of control would be beneficial to our existing shareholders. In addition, our certificate ofincorporation
 and bylaws contain provisions that could make it more difficult for a third party to acquire a majority of our outstanding voting stock.These provisions include
 the following:•
the ability of our Board of Directors to create and issue preferred stock without prior shareholder approval;•
the prohibition of shareholder action by written consent;•
advance notice requirements for director nominations and shareholder proposals;•
the ability of our Board of Directors to increase or decrease the number of directors without shareholder approval;•
a super-majority voting requirement to amend some provisions in our certificate of incorporation and bylaws;•
the inability of our shareholders to call special meetings of shareholders; and•
the ability of our Board of Directors to make, amend or repeal our bylaws.25
Table of ContentsOn
 March  5,  2000,  we  entered  into  an  agreement  with  Microsoft  in  which  we  agreed  to  develop  and  sell  graphics  chips  and  to  license  certaintechnology to Microsoft and its licensees for use in the Xbox. Under the agre
ement, if an individual or corporation makes an offer to purchase sharesequal
 to or greater than 30% of the outstanding shares of our common stock, Microsoft may have first and last rights of refusal to purchase thestock.
 The Microsoft provision and the other factors listed above could also delay or prevent a change in control of NVIDIA. These provisions couldalso discourage proxy contests and make it
 more difficult for shareholders to elect directors of their choosing and to cause us to take other corporateactions they desire.
Our indebtedness could adversely affect our financial position and
 prevent us from implementing our strategy or fulfilling our contractualobligations.
In
 March 2020, we issued $1.50 billion of the 2.85% Notes Due 2030, $1.00 billion of the 3.50% Notes Due 2040, $2.00 billion of the 3.50% NotesDue
 2050, and $500 million of the 3.70% Notes Due 2060, or collectively, the March 2020 Notes. In September 2016, we issued $1.00 billion of the2.20% Notes Due 2021 and $1.00 bi
llion of the 3.20% Notes Due 2026, or collectively, the September 2016 Notes.Our
 indebtedness may limit our ability to use our cash flow or borrow additional funds for working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions andgeneral
 corporate and other purposes. Additionally, our obligation to make payments related to the Notes could impact our cash balance and limitour
 ability to use our cash for our capital return program and our other liquidity needs, including working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions,investments and other general corporate purposes.
ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS
Not applicable.
ITEM 2. PROPERTIES
Our
 headquarters complex is located in Santa Clara, California. It includes ten leased commercial buildings totaling 1,019,887 square feet, and realproperty that
 we own totaling 720,046  square feet. Our owned property consists of two commercial buildings and a building under construction. Theconstruction is targeted for completion in fiscal year 2023. In additio
n, we also lease data center space in Santa Clara, California.Outside
 of  Santa  Clara,  California,  we  lease  facilities  in  a  number  of  regional  facilities  in  other  U.S.  locations  that  are  used  as  research  anddevelopm
ent centers and/or sales and administrative offices. Outside of the United States, we own a building in Hyderabad, India, that is being usedprimarily
 as  a  research  and  development  center.  We  also  lease  facilities  in  various  international  locations  that  are  used  as  research  anddevelopm
ent centers and/or sales and administrative offices. These leased facilities are located primarily in Asia, Europe, and Israel. In addition, wealso lease data center space in various loc
ations around the world.We
 believe that we currently have sufficient facilities to conduct our operations for the next twelve months. We do not identify or allocate assets byoperating
 segment.  For  additional  information  regarding  obligations  under  leases,  refer  to  Note  3  of  the  Notes  to  the  Consolidated  FinancialStatements in Part IV, Item 15 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, which information is hereby incorporated by reference.
ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS
Please see Note 13 of the
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part IV, Item 15 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for a discussion ofour legal proceedings.
ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES
Not Applicable.
26
Table of ContentsPART II
ITEM
 5.  MARKET  FOR  REGISTRANT’S  COMMON  EQUITY,  RELATED  STOCKHOLDER  MATTERS  AND  ISSUERPURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES
Our
 common stock is traded on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol NVDA. Public trading of our common stock began on January22,
 1999.  Prior  to  that,  there  was  no  public  market  for  our  common  stock.  As  of  February  19,  2021,  we  had  approximately  303  registeredshareholders, not including those sh
ares held in street or nominee name.Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities
Beginning August 200
4, our Board of Directors authorized us to repurchase our stock.Since
 the  inception  of  our  share  repurchase  program,  we  have  repurchased  an  aggregate  of  260  million  shares  for  a  total  cost  of  $7.08  billionthrough January 31, 2021. All shares deliv
ered from these repurchases have been placed into treasury stock.The
 repurchases can be made in the open market, in privately negotiated transactions, or in structured share repurchase programs, and can bemade
 in one or more larger repurchases, in compliance with Rule 10b-18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, subject to marketconditions,
 applicable legal requirements, and other factors. The program does not obligate NVIDIA to acquire any particular amount of commonstock and the program may be suspended at any time at our discretion.
In
 fiscal year 2021, we paid $395 million in quarterly cash dividends. As of January 31, 2021, we are authorized, subject to certain specifications, torepurchase shares of our common stock up to $7.24 billion through D
ecember 2022. We did not repurchase any shares during fiscal year 2021.Restricted Stock Unit Share Withholding
We
 also withhold common stock shares associated with net share settlements to cover tax withholding obligations upon the vesting of restrictedstock
 unit awards under our employee equity incentive program. During fiscal year 2021, we withheld approximately 3 million shares at a total costof
 $942 million through net share settlements. Refer to Note 4 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part IV, Item 15 of thisAnnual Report on Form 10-K for further discussion regarding our eq
uity incentive plans.27
Table of ContentsStock Performance Graphs 
The
 following graph compares the cumulative total shareholder return for our common stock, the S&P 500 Index, and the Nasdaq 100 Index for thefive
 years ended January 31, 2021. The graph assumes that $100 was invested on January 31, 2016 in our common stock and in each of the S&P500
 Index and the Nasdaq 100 Index. Our common stock is a component of each of the presented indices. Total return assumes reinvestment ofdividends in each of the indices i
ndicated. Total return is based on historical results and is not intended to indicate future performance.
*$100 invested on 1/31/16 in stock and in i
ndices, including reinvestment of dividends.The
 S&P 500 index is proprietary to and is calculated, distributed and marketed by S&P Opco, LLC (a subsidiary of S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC),its
 affiliates and/or its licensors and has been licensed for use. S&P® and S&P 500®, among other famous marks, are registered trademarks ofStandard
 & Poor’s Financial Services LLC, and Dow Jones® is a registered trademark of Dow Jones Trademark Holdings LLC. © 2016 S&P DowJones Indices LLC, its affiliates and/or its licensors. All rights reserved.
 
1/31/2016 1/29/2017 1/28/2018 1/27/2019 1/26/2020 1/31/2021 NVIDIA Corporation
$ 100.00 $ 385.24 $ 841.93 $ 555.67 $ 872.49 $ 1,812.91 S&P 500
$ 100.00 $ 120.04 $ 151.74 $ 148.23 $ 180.37 $ 211.48 Nasdaq 100
$ 100.00 $ 121.13 $ 166.38 $ 167.14 $ 219.95 $ 318.93 ITEM 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA
No longer required as we have ado
pted certain provisions within the amendments to Regulation S-K that eliminate Item 301.28
Table of ContentsITEM 7. MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
The
 following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with “Item 1A. Risk Factors”,our
 Consolidated  Financial  Statements  and  related  Notes  thereto,  as  well  as  other  cautionary  statements  and  risks  described  elsewhere  in  thisAnnual Report on Form 10-K, before deciding to purch
ase, hold or sell shares of our common stock. Overview
Our Company and Our Businesses
NVIDIA
 pioneered accelerated computing to help solve the most challenging computational  problems.  Starting with a focus on PC graphics, weextended our
 focus in recent years to the revolutionary field of AI. Fueled by the sustained demand for exceptional 3D graphics and the scale of thegaming market, NVIDIA leveraged its GPU architecture to create platforms for virtual reality, HPC, and AI.
Through
 fiscal  year  2020,  our  reportable  segments  were  GPU  and  Tegra  Processor.  We  changed  our  reportable  segments  to  "Graphics"  and"Compute & Networking" starting with the first quarter of fiscal year 2021.
Our
 Graphics segment includes GeForce GPUs for gaming and PCs, the GeForce NOW game streaming service and related infrastructure, andsolutions
 for gaming platforms; Quadro/NVIDIA RTX GPUs for enterprise workstation graphics; vGPU software for cloud-based visual and virtualcomputing; and automotive platforms for infotainment systems.
Our
 Compute & Networking segment includes Data Center platforms and systems for AI, HPC, and accelerated computing; Mellanox networkingand
 interconnect solutions; automotive AI Cockpit, autonomous driving development agreements, and autonomous vehicle solutions; and Jetson forrobotics and other embedded platforms.
All
 prior  period  comparisons  presented  reflect  our  new  reportable  segments.  Our  market  platforms  –  Gaming,  Professional  Visualization,  DataCenter, Automotive, OEM and Other – remain unchanged.
Headquartered in Santa Clara, Cal
ifornia, NVIDIA was incorporated in California in April 1993 and reincorporated in Delaware in April 1998.Recent Developments, Future Objectives and Challenges
Pending Acquisition of Arm Limited
On
 September 13, 2020, we entered into a Purchase Agreement with Arm and SoftBank for us to acquire, from SoftBank, all allotted and issuedordinary
 shares of Arm in a transaction valued at $40 billion. We paid $2 billion in cash at signing, or the Signing Consideration, and will pay uponclosing of
 the acquisition $10 billion in cash and issue to SoftBank 44.3 million shares of our common stock with an aggregate value of $21.5 billion.The
 transaction includes a potential earn out, which is contingent on the achievement of certain financial performance targets by Arm during thefiscal
 year ending March 31, 2022. If the financial performance targets are achieved, Softbank can elect to receive either up to an additional $5billion
 in  cash  or  up  to  an  additional  10.3  million  shares  of  our  common  stock.  We  will  issue  up  to  $1.5  billion  in  restricted  stock  units  to  Armemployees
 after closing. The $2 billion paid upon signing was allocated between advanced consideration for the acquisition of $1.36 billion and theprepayment
 of intellectual property licenses from Arm of $0.17 billion and royalties of $0.47 billion, both with a 20-year term. The closing of theacquisition
 is  subject  to  customary  closing  conditions,  including  receipt  of  specified  governmental  and  regulatory  consents  and  approvals  andexpiratio
n of any related mandatory waiting period, and Arm's implementation of the reorganization and distribution of Arm’s IoT Services Group andcertain
 other assets and liabilities. We are engaged with regulators in the United States, the United Kingdom, the European Union, China and otherjurisdictions.
 If the Purchase Agreement is terminated under certain circumstances, we will be refunded $1.25 billion of the Signing Consideration.The
 $2 billion payment upon signing was allocated on a fair value basis and any refund of the Signing Consideration will use stated values in thePurchase Agreement. We believe the closing of the acq
uisition will likely occur in the first quarter of calendar year 2022.Demand
Our products are
 manufactured based on estimates of customers’ future demand and our manufacturing lead times are very long. This could lead toa
 significant mismatch between supply and demand, giving rise to product shortages or excess inventory, and make our demand forecast moreuncertain.
 We sell many of our products through a channel model, and our channel customers sell to retailers, distributors, and/or end customers.As a result, the decisions made
29
Table of Contentsby
 our  channel  partners,  retailers,  and  distributors  in  response  to  changing  market  conditions  and  the  changing  demand  for  our  products  couldimpact
 our financial results. In order to have shorter shipment lead times and quicker delivery schedules for our customers, we may build inventoryfor
 anticipated periods of growth which do not occur, may build inventory anticipating demand that does not materialize, or may build inventory toserve
 what we believe is pent-up demand. In periods with limited availability of capacity and components in our supply chain, we may place non-cancellable
 inventory orders significantly in advance of our normal lead times, pay premiums or provide deposits to secure normal and incrementalfuture
 supply,  which  could  negatively  impact  our  financial  results.  Demand  for  our  products  is  based  on  many  factors,  including  our  productintroductions
 and  transitions,  competitor  announcements,  and  competing  technologies,  all  of  which  can  impact  the  timing  and  amount  of  ourrevenue.
 For example, our GPUs for gaming are capable of digital currency mining. Demand and use of GPUs for cryptocurrency has fluctuated inthe
 past and is likely to continue to change quickly. Volatility in the cryptocurrency market, including changes in the prices of cryptocurrencies, canimpact demand for our products and our
 ability to estimate demand for our products. Changes to cryptocurrency standards and processes including,but
 not limited to, the pending Ethereum 2.0 standard may also create increased aftermarket resales of our GPUs and may reduce demand for ournew
 GPUs. Additionally, consumer behavior during the COVID-19 pandemic, such as increased demand for our Gaming, Data Center and mobileworkstation
 and laptop products and suppressed corporate demand for desktop workstations, has made it more difficult for us to estimate futuredemand,
 and these challenges may be more pronounced in the future if and when the effects of the pandemic subside. In estimating demand andevaluating trends, we make multiple assumptions, any of wh
ich may prove to be incorrect.COVID-19
The
 worldwide COVID-19 pandemic is prompting governments and businesses to take unprecedented measures including restrictions on travel,temporary business closures, quarantines and shelter-in-place orders.
 It has significantly impacted global economic activity and caused volatility anddisruption
 in global financial markets. Since March 2020, most of our employees have been working remotely and we have temporarily prohibitedmost business travel.
Our
 Gaming and Data Center market platforms have benefited from stronger demand as people continue to work, learn, and play from home. InProfessional
 Visualization, mobile workstations continue to benefit from work-from-home trends, and desktop workstation demand has started torecover,
 although not back to pre-COVID levels. In Automotive, COVID is no longer having a significant impact on demand. Throughout our supplychain, stronger demand globally has l
imited the availability of capacity and components, particularly in Gaming.As
 the COVID-19 pandemic continues, the timing and overall demand from customers and the availability of supply chain, logistical services andcomponent
 supply may have a material net negative impact on our business and financial results. Refer to Part I, Item 1A of this Annual Report onForm 10-K for additional information under the headi
ng “Risk Factors”.We
 believe our existing balances of cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities, along with commercial paper and other short-term liquidityarrangements,
 will  be  sufficient  to  satisfy  its  working  capital  needs,  capital  asset  purchases,  dividends,  debt  repayments  and  other  liquidityrequirements associated with its existing operatio
ns.Fiscal Year 2021 Summary
 
Year Ended  
January 31, 2021
January 26, 2020
Change ($ in millions, except per share data)
Revenue
$ 16,675 $ 10,918 Up 53% Gross margin
62.3 % 62.0 % Up 30 bps Operating expenses
$ 5,864 $ 3,922 Up 50% Income from operations
$ 4,532 $ 2,846 Up 59% Net income
$ 4,332 $ 2,796 Up 55% Net income per diluted share
$ 6.90 $ 4.52 Up 53% Revenue for fiscal year 2021 was $16.68 bi
llion, up 53% from a year earlier.30
Table of ContentsFrom
 a market-platform perspective, Gaming revenue was up 41% from a year ago, reflecting higher sales across desktop and laptop GPUs forgaming,
 and  game-console  SOCs.  GPUs  for  gaming  benefited  from  the  ramp  of  our  GeForce  RTX  30  Series  based  on  the  NVIDIA  Amperearchitecture.
Professional
 Visualization revenue was down 13% from a year ago due to lower sales of GPUs for desktop workstations as enterprise demand wasimpacted by COVID.
Data
 Center revenue was up 124% from a year ago. Revenue growth was driven by our Mellanox acquisition and the ramp of the NVIDIA AmpereGPU architecture. In fiscal year 2021, Mellanox revenue contributed 1
0% of total company revenue.Automotive
 revenue was down 23% from a year earlier, reflecting lower revenue from the expected ramp down of legacy infotainment modules andautonomous driving developme
nt agreements, partially offset by increases in AI cockpit and autonomous vehicle solutions.OEM and Other revenue was up 25% from a year ago, primarily due to higher volume of entry-level lapto
p GPUs.Gross
 margin  for  fiscal  year  2021  was  up  30  basis  points  from  a  year  ago,  primarily  driven  by  product  mix  with  higher  Data  Center  and  lowerAutomotive revenue, partially offset by Mellanox acquis
ition-related charges.Operating
 expenses for fiscal year 2021 were $5.86 billion, up 50% from a year ago. The growth was influenced by the inclusion of Mellanox in thesecond
 quarter of fiscal year 2021, employee additions and increases in employee compensation and related expenses. Additionally, acquisition-related and
 other costs of $411 million primarily include $190 million in non-recurring intangible amortization of Mellanox order backlog, $123 millionin recurring amortization of Mellanox intangib
le assets, and $40 million related to the pending acquisition of Arm.Income
 from  operations  for  fiscal  year  2021  was  $4.53  billion,  up  59%  from  a  year  earlier.  Net  income  and  net  income  per  diluted  share  forfiscal year 2021 were $4.33 billio
n and $6.90, up 55% and 53%, respectively, from a year earlier.Cash,
 cash equivalents and marketable securities were $11.56 billion as of January 31, 2021, compared with $10.90 billion as of January 26, 2020.The increase primarily reflects the issuance of the $5 billi
on of notes in March 2020 and cash-flow generation, partially offset by acquisitions.We paid $395 million in quarterly cash d
ividends in fiscal year 2021.Market Platform Highlights
During
 fiscal year 2021, in our Gaming platform, we announced the launch of new laptop models powered by NVIDIA GeForce GPUs; unveiledGeForce
 RTX 30 Series GPUs including our second generation NVIDIA RTX; expanded NVIDIA GeForce NOW; announced that a range of gamesnow
 support NVIDIA RTX ray tracing and DLSS AI super resolution; unveiled NVIDIA Reflex and NVIDIA Broadcast; expanded the RTX Studiolineup powered by new GeForce RTX S
UPER GPUs; and released DLSS 2.0.In
 our Professional Visualization platform, we launched mobile workstations with Acer, Dell, HP, Lenovo and Microsoft based on NVIDIA Quadrographics
 for  professional  creators;  released  NVIDIA  Quadro  View;  collaborated  with  Adobe  to  bring  GPU-accelerated  neural  filters  to  AdobePhotoshop
 AI-powered  tools;  powered  Autodesk’s  latest  3D  visualization  software  with  NVIDIA  Quadro  RTX;  and  collaborated  with  many  otherindependent software vendors to help i
ncorporate NVIDIA RTX and AI technology in their applications.In
 our Data Center platform, we announced the NVIDIA A100 Tensor Core GPU and DGX A100, the first products based on the NVIDIA Amperearchitecture;
 announced  more  than  50  NVIDIA  A100-powered  systems  with  OEM  partners  and  released  NVIDIA-Certified  Systems  with  NVIDIAA100
 GPUs  to  OEMs;  shared  news  that  major  cloud  providers,  including  Google  Cloud  Platform,  AWS,  Microsoft  Azure  and  Oracle  CloudInfrastructure,
 reached general availability of cloud computing instances based on the NVIDIA A100 GPU; announced the NVIDIA DGX SuperPODSolution
 for Enterprise; introduced the new family of NVIDIA BlueField-2 DPUs; introduced new products for the EGX Edge AI platform; announceda broad partnership with VMware to
 create an end-to-end enterprise platform for AI and a new architecture for data center, cloud and edge; poweredeight
 of  the  top  10,  and  two-thirds  of  the  total  systems,  on  the  latest  TOP500  list  of  the  world’s  fastest  supercomputers;  announced  that  fivesupercomputers
 backed by EuroHPC will use NVIDIA’s data center accelerators or networking; and set 16 AI performance records on the latestMLPerf benchmarks.
In
 our Automotive platform, we announced with Mercedes-Benz that the automaker will launch software-defined, intelligent vehicles using end-to-end NVIDIA technology starting in 2024; an
nounced that NVIDIA DRIVE autonomous31
Table of Contentsdriving
 technology  is powering  a range  of  electric  vehicles  from  carmakers  SAIC,  Nio,  Li Auto,  Xpeng,  robotaxi-maker  Zoox,  and cabless  truck-maker
 Einride;  announced  that  NVIDIA  is  powering  the  new  Mercedes-Benz  AI  cockpit  in  the  first  half  of  2021;  announced  that  Hyundai  MotorGroup’s
 entire lineup of Hyundai, Kia and Genesis models will come standard with NVIDIA DRIVE in-vehicle infotainment systems starting in 2022;and expanded the NVIDIA DRIVE sens
or ecosystem with new solutions.Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates
Management’s
 discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations are based upon our consolidated financial statements, whichhave
 been prepared in accordance with accounting  principles generally accepted in the United States,  or U.S. GAAP.  The preparation  of thesefinancial
 statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue, cost of revenue,expenses
 and  related  disclosure  of  contingencies.  On  an  on-going  basis,  we  evaluate  our  estimates,  including  those  related  to  businesscombinations,
 inventories, revenue recognition, income taxes, and goodwill. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various otherassumptions
 that  are  believed  to  be  reasonable  under  the  circumstances,  the  results  of  which  form  the  basis  for  making  judgments  about  thecarrying values of assets and liabilities.
We
 believe  the  following  critical  accounting  policies  affect  our  significant  judgments  and  estimates  used  in  the  preparation  of  our  consolidatedfinancial
 statements. Our management has discussed the development and selection of these critical accounting policies and estimates with theAudit
 Committee  of  our  Board  of  Directors.  The  Audit  Committee  has  reviewed  our  disclosures  relating  to  our  critical  accounting  policies  andestimates in this Annual Report on Form 10-K.
Business Combinations
The
 application of acquisition accounting to a business acquisition requires that we identify the individual assets acquired and liabilities assumedand
 estimate  the  fair  value  of  each.  The  fair  value  of  assets  acquired  and  liabilities  assumed  in  a  business  acquisition  are  recognized  at  theacquisition
 date,  with  the  purchase  price  exceeding  the  fair  values  being  recognized  as  goodwill.  Determining  fair  value  of  identifiable  assets,particularly
 intangibles, liabilities acquired and contingent obligations assumed requires management to make estimates. In certain circumstances,the
 allocations  of  the  purchase  price  are  based  upon  preliminary  estimates  and  assumptions  and  subject  to  revision  when  we  receive  finalinformation,
 including appraisals and other analyses. Accordingly, the measurement period for such purchase price allocations will end when theinformation,
 or  the  facts  and  circumstances,  becomes  available,  but  will  not  exceed  twelve  months.  We  will  recognize  measurement-periodadjustments during the period of resolution, including the ef
fect on earnings of any amounts that would have been recorded in previous periods if theaccounting had been complete
d at the acquisition date.Goodwill
 and intangible assets often represent a significant portion of the assets acquired in a business combination. We recognize the fair value ofan
 acquired  intangible apart  from  goodwill whenever the intangible arises  from  contractual  or  other  legal rights,  or  when it can be separated  ordivided
 from the acquired entity and sold, transferred, licensed, rented or exchanged, either individually or in combination with a related contract,asset
 or liability. Intangible assets consist primarily of technology, customer relationships, order backlog and trade name acquired in a businesscombination
 and in-process research and development, or IPR&D. We generally assess the estimated fair values of acquired intangibles using acombination
 of valuation techniques. To estimate fair value, we are required to make certain estimates and assumptions, including future economicand
 market conditions, revenue growth, technology migration curve, and risk-adjusted discount rates. Our estimates require significant judgmentand
 are based on historical data, various internal estimates, and external sources. Our assessment of IPR&D also includes consideration of the riskof the projects not achieving technologic
al feasibility.Inventories
Inventory
 cost is computed on an adjusted standard basis, which approximates actual cost on an average or first-in, first-out basis. We charge costof
 sales for inventory provisions to write-down our inventory to the lower of cost or net realizable value or for obsolete or excess inventory. Most ofour
 inventory  provisions  relate  to  excess  quantities  of  products  or  components,  based  on  our  inventory  levels  and  future  product  purchasecommitments compared to assumptions about future demand and market conditions.
Situations
 that  may  result  in excess  or  obsolete  inventory  include changes in business  and economic  conditions,  changes  in market  conditions,sudden and significant decre
ases in demand for our products, inventory obsolescence because of changing technology and customer requirements,failure to estimate customer demand properly, or
32
Table of Contentsunexpected
 competitive  pricing  actions  by  our  competition.  In  addition,  cancellation  or  deferral  of  customer  purchase  orders  could  result  in  ourholding excess inventory.
The overall net
 effect on our gross margin from inventory provisions and sales of items previously written down was insignificant in fiscal years 2021and 2020. As a fabless semiconductor company, we must make commitments to purchase inventory bas
ed on forecasts of future customer demand.In
 doing so, we must account for our third-party manufacturers' lead times and constraints. We also adjust to other market factors, such as productofferings
 and pricing actions by our competitors, new product transitions, and macroeconomic conditions - all of which may impact demand for ourproducts.
Refer to the Gross Profit and Gross Margin discussion below in this Management's Disc
ussion and Analysis for further discussion.Revenue Recognition
We
 derive our revenue from product sales, including hardware and systems, license and development arrangements, and software licensing. Wedetermine
 revenue recognition through the following steps: (1) identification of the contract with a customer; (2) identification of the performanceobligations
 in the contract; (3) determination of the transaction price; (4) allocation of the transaction price to the performance obligations in thecontract
 (where  revenue  is  allocated  on  a  relative  standalone  selling  price  basis  by  maximizing  the  use  of  observable  inputs  to  determine  thestandalone selling price for each p
erformance obligation); and (5) recognition of revenue when, or as, we satisfy a performance obligation.Product Sales Revenue
Revenue
 from product sales is recognized upon transfer of control of promised products to customers in an amount that reflects the considerationwe
 expect to receive in exchange for those products. Certain products are sold along with support or extended warranty. Support and extendedwarranty
 revenue is recognized ratably over the service period, or as services are performed. Revenue is recognized net of allowances for returns,customer programs and any taxes collected from customers.
For
 products sold with a right of return, we record a reduction to revenue by establishing a sales return allowance for estimated product returns atthe
 time revenue is recognized, based primarily on historical return rates. However, if product returns for a fiscal period are anticipated to exceedhistorical
 return rates, we may determine that additional sales return allowances are required to properly reflect our estimated exposure for productreturns.
Our
 customer programs involve rebates, which are designed to serve as sales incentives to resellers of our products in various target markets, andmarketing
 development funds, or MDFs, which represent monies paid to our partners that are earmarked for market segment development and aredesigned to support our partners’ activities whil
e also promoting NVIDIA products. We account for customer programs as a reduction to revenue andaccrue for potential rebates and MDFs based on the amount we exp
ect to be claimed by customers.License and Development Arrangements
Our
 license and development arrangements with customers typically require significant customization of our intellectual property components. As aresult,
 we  recognize  the  revenue  from  the  license  and  the  revenue  from  the  development  services  as  a  single  performance  obligation  over  theperiod in which the developme
nt services are performed. We measure progress to completion based on actual cost incurred to date as a percentageof
 the estimated total cost required to complete each project. If a loss on an arrangement becomes probable during a period, we record a provisionfor such loss in that period.
Refer
 to  Note  1  of  the  Notes  to  the  Consolidated  Financial  Statements  in  Part  IV,  Item  15  of  this  Annual  Report  on  Form  10-K  for  additionalinformation.
Income Taxes
We
 recognize federal, state and foreign current tax liabilities or assets based on our estimate of taxes payable or refundable in the current fiscalyear
 by tax jurisdiction. We recognize federal, state and foreign deferred tax assets or liabilities, as appropriate, for our estimate of future tax effectsattributable
 to temporary differences and carryforwards; and we record a valuation allowance to reduce any deferred tax assets by the amount ofany tax benefits that, based on available evi
dence and judgment, are not expected to be realized.Our
 calculation  of  deferred  tax  assets  and  liabilities  is  based  on  certain  estimates  and  judgments  and  involves  dealing  with  uncertainties  in  theapplication of complex tax laws. Our estimates of deferred tax assets and liabil
ities may change33
Table of Contentsbased,
 in part, on added certainty or finality to an anticipated outcome, changes in accounting standards or tax laws in the United States, or foreignjurisdictions where we operate, or changes in
 other facts or circumstances. In addition, we recognize liabilities for potential United States and foreignincome
 tax contingencies based on our estimate of whether, and the extent to which, additional taxes may be due. If we determine that payment ofthese
 amounts is unnecessary or if the recorded tax liability is less than our current assessment, we may be required to recognize an income taxbenefit or additional income tax expens
e in our financial statements accordingly.As
 of January 31, 2021, we had a valuation allowance of $728 million related to state and certain foreign deferred tax assets that managementdetermined
 are  not  likely  to  be  realized  due  to  jurisdictional  projections  of  future  taxable  income,  tax  attributes  usage  limitation  by  certainjurisdictions,
 and potential utilization limitations of tax attributes acquired as a result of stock ownership changes. To the extent realization of thedeferred tax assets becomes more-likely-than-not, we would recogniz
e such deferred tax assets as an income tax benefit during the period.We
 recognize the benefit from a tax position only if it is more-likely-than-not that the position would be sustained upon audit based solely on thetechnica
l merits of the tax position. Our policy is to include interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits as a component of income taxexpense.
Refer
 to  Note  14  of  the  Notes  to  the  Consolidated  Financial  Statements  in  Part  IV,  Item  15  of  this  Annual  Report  on  Form  10-K  for  additionalinformation.
Goodwill
Goodwill
 is subject to our annual impairment test during the fourth quarter of our fiscal year, or earlier, if indicators of potential impairment exist,using
 either a qualitative or a quantitative assessment. Our impairment review process compares the fair value of the reporting unit in which thegoodwi
ll resides to its carrying value. We changed our reportable segments to "Graphics" and "Compute & Networking" starting with the first quarterof
 fiscal year 2021. As a result, our reporting units also changed, and we reassigned the goodwill balance to the new reporting units based on theirrelative
 fair  values.  We  determined  there  was  no goodwill impairment  immediately  prior  to  the  reorganization.  As of  January  31,  2021,  the  totalcarrying
 amount of goodwill was $4.19 billion and the amount of goodwill allocated to our Graphics and Compute & Networking reporting units was$347
 million and $3.85 billion, respectively. Determining the fair value of a reporting unit requires us to make judgments and involves the use ofsignificant
 estimates and assumptions. We also make judgments and assumptions in allocating assets and liabilities to each of our reporting units.We base our fair value estimates on assumptions we believ
e to be reasonable but that are unpredictable and inherently uncertain.We performed our
 annual goodwill assessment during the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2021 using a qualitative assessment and concluded there wasno goodwill impairment.
Refer
 to  Note  6  of  the  Notes  to  the  Consolidated  Financial  Statements  in  Part  IV,  Item  15  of  this  Annual  Report  on  Form  10-K  for  additionalinformation.
Results of Operations
A
 discussion regarding our financial condition and results of operations for fiscal year 2021 compared to fiscal year 2020 is presented below. Adiscussi
on regarding our financial condition and results of operations for fiscal year 2020 compared to fiscal year 2019 can be found under Item 7 inour
 Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 26, 2020, filed with the SEC on February 20, 2020, which is available free ofcharge on the SEC’s website at http://www.sec.gov and at our investor relatio
ns website, http://investor.nvidia.com.34
Table of ContentsThe
 following  table  sets  forth,  for  the  periods  indicated,  certain  items  in  our  Consolidated  Statements  of  Income  expressed  as  a  percentage  ofrevenue. 
  
Year Ended  
January 31, 2021
January 26, 2020
Revenue
100.0 % 100.0 % Cost of revenue
37.7 38.0 Gross profit
62.3 62.0 Operating expenses:
 Research and development
23.5 25.9 Sales, general and administrative
11.6 10.0 Total operating expenses
35.1 35.9 Income from operations
27.2 26.1 Interest income
0.3 1.6 Interest expense
(1.1) (0.5) Other, net
0.1 — Other income (expense), net
(0.7) 1.1 Income before income tax expense
26.5 27.2 Income tax expense
0.5 1.6 Net income
26.0 % 25.6 % Revenue
Revenue by Reportable Segments
Year Ended
January 31, 
2021
January 26, 2020
$ Change
% Change
($ in millions)
Graphics
$ 9,834 $ 7,639 $ 2,195 29 %Compute & Networking
6,841 3,279 3,562 109 % Total
$ 16,675 $ 10,918 $ 5,757 53 %Graphics - 
Graphics  segment revenue increased by 29% in fiscal year 2021 compared to fiscal year 2020, reflecting growth in GeForce GPUs andgame console SOCs, partially offset by lower sales of Quadro/NVIDIA RTX workstatio
ns.Compute &
 Networking - Compute &  Networking segment revenue increased by 109% in fiscal year 2021 compared to fiscal year 2020, reflectingthe addition of Mellanox acquired o
n April 27, 2020 and the continued ramp of NVIDIA Ampere GPU architecture systems and new products.Concentration of Revenue
Revenue
 from  sales  to  customers  outside  of  the  United  States  accounted  for  81%  and  92%  of  total  revenue  for  fiscal  years  2021  and  2020,respectively.
 Revenue by geographic region is allocated to individual countries based on the location to which the products are initially billed even ifthe revenue is attributable to end customers in a different location.
No
 customer represented 10% or more of total revenue for fiscal year 2021. Dell represented approximately 11% of our total revenue for fiscal year2020, and was attributable primarily to the Graphics segment.
Gross Profit and Gross Margin
Gross
 profit consists of total revenue, net of allowances, less cost of revenue. Cost of revenue consists primarily of the cost of semiconductorspurchased
 from subcontractors, including wafer fabrication, assembly, testing and packaging, board and device costs, manufacturing support costs,including
 labor and overhead associated with such purchases, final test yield fallout, inventory and warranty provisions, memory and componentcosts, and shipping costs. Cost of
35
Table of Contentsrevenue
 also  includes  acquisition-related  costs,  development  costs  for  license  and  service  arrangements,  IP-related  costs,  and  stock-basedcompensation related to personnel assoc
iated with manufacturing.Our overall gross margin was
 62.3% and 62.0% for fiscal years 2021 and 2020, respectively. The increase in fiscal year 2021 was driven by productmix
 with  higher  Data  Center  and  lower  Automotive  revenue,  partially  offset  by  Mellanox  acquisition-related  charges,  including  a  non-recurringinventory step-up charge of $161 million an
d ongoing intangible asset amortization of $263 million.Inventory
 provisions  totaled  $116  million  and  $161  million  for  fiscal  years  2021  and  2020,  respectively.  Sales  of  inventory  that  was  previouslywritten-off
 or  written-down  totaled  $145 million  for  both  fiscal  years  2021 and 2020.  As a result,  the  overall  net  effect  on our  gross  margin  wasinsignificant in both fiscal years 2021 a
nd 2020.A discussion of our gross margin results for each of our reportable segments is as follows:
Graphics -
 The  gross margin of our Graphics segment increased during fiscal year 2021 when compared to fiscal year 2020, primarily driven byproduct mix with lower legacy automotive infotainment reven
ue and higher margin mix within Quadro/Nvidia RTX.Compute
 & Networking - The gross margin of our Compute & Networking segment increased during fiscal year 2021 when compared to fiscalyear
 2020,  primarily  driven  by  the  addition  of  Mellanox  products,  higher  margins  in  Data  Center  compute  systems,  and  lower  product  mix  ofcertain Automotive solutions.
Operating Expenses
 
Year Ended  
January 31, 2021
January 26, 2020
$ Change
% Change
 
($ in millions) Research and development
 expenses$ 3,924 $ 2,829 $ 1,095 39 %% of net revenue
23.5 % 25.9 %   Sales, general and admini
strative expenses1,940 1,093 847 77 %% of net revenue
11.6 % 10.0 %   Total operating expenses
$ 5,864 $ 3,922 $ 1,942 50 %Research and Development
Research
 and development expenses increased by 39% in fiscal year 2021 compared to fiscal year 2020, driven primarily by the acquisition ofMellanox. In addition, the increases reflect employee comp
ensation and related costs, including stock-based compensation, and infrastructure costs.Sales, General and Administrative
Sales,
 general and administrative expenses increased by 77% in fiscal year 2021 compared to fiscal year 2020, driven primarily by the Mellanoxacquisition. In addition, the increases reflect employ
ee compensation and related costs, including stock-based compensation.Other Income (Expense), Net
Interest income consists of
 interest earned on cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities. Interest income was $57 million and $178 million infiscal years 2021 and 2020, respectively. The decre
ase in interest income was primarily due to lower interest rates earned on our investments.Interest
 expense is primarily comprised of coupon interest and debt discount amortization related to our September 2016 Notes and March 2020Notes. Interest expense was $184 million and $
52 million in fiscal years 2021 and 2020, respectively.Income Taxes
We
 recognized income tax expense of $77 million and $174 million for fiscal years 2021 and 2020, respectively. Our annual effective tax rate was1.7% and 5.9% for fiscal years 2021 and 2020, respectively.
36
Table of ContentsThe decrease in our effective tax rate in fiscal year 2021 as compared to fiscal year 202
0 was primarily due to a decrease in the proportional amountof earnings subject to United States tax and an increase of tax ben
efits from stock-based compensation.Our
 effective  tax  rate  for  fiscal  years  2021  and  2020  was  lower  than  the  U.S.  federal  statutory  rate  of  21%  due  primarily  to  income  earned  injurisdictions,
 including  the  British  Virgin  Islands,  Israel,  and  Hong  Kong,  where  the  tax  rate  was  lower  than  the  U.S.  federal  statutory  tax  rate,recognition of U.S. federal research tax credits, and excess tax benefits related to stock-based compe
nsation.Refer
 to  Note  14  of  the  Notes  to  the  Consolidated  Financial  Statements  in  Part  IV,  Item  15  of  this  Annual  Report  on  Form  10-K  for  additionalinformation.
Liquidity and Capital Resources
 
January 31, 2021
January 26, 2020
 
(In millions) Cash and cash equivalents
$ 847 $ 10,896 Marketable securities
10,714 1 Cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securiti
es$ 11,561 $ 10,897  
Year Ended January 31, 
2021
January 26, 2020
 
(In millions) Net cash provided by operating activities
$ 5,822 $ 4,761 Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities
$ (19,675) $ 6,145 Net cash provided by (used in) financing activiti
es$ 3,804 $ (792) As of
 January 31, 2021, we had $11.56 billion in cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities, an increase of $664 million from the end of fiscalyear
 2020. Our investment policy requires the purchase of highly rated fixed income securities, the diversification of investment types and creditexposures, and certain maturity limits on our portfolio.
In
 the  third  quarter  of  fiscal  year  2021,  we  paid  $2  billion  as  part  of  the  proposed  acquisition  of  Arm,  which  was  allocated  between  advancedconsideration
 for the acquisition of $1.36 billion, the prepayment of intellectual property licenses from Arm of $0.17 billion and royalties of $0.47billion.
 The cash flow allocation of the payment resulted in $1.36 billion of advanced consideration included in acquisitions, net of cash acquired,$0.17
 billion for the intellectual property license included in purchases related to property and equipment and intangible assets and $0.47 billion inprepayment of royalties included in chan
ges in prepaid expenses and other assets.Cash
 provided  by  operating  activities  increased  in  fiscal  year  2021  compared  to  fiscal  year  2020,  due  to  higher  net  income,  higher  non-cashadjustments,
 partially offset by changes in working capital. Changes in working capital include increases in purchases of inventory and outstandingtrade receivables, both due to higher fiscal year 202
1 revenue, and a prepayment of royalties to Arm.Cash
 used in investing activities increased in fiscal year 2021 compared to cash provided in fiscal year 2020, which primarily reflects cash used forthe
 acquisition of Mellanox and the advanced consideration for the proposed acquisition of Arm, higher purchases of marketable securities, higherpurchases
 of  property  and  equipment  and  intangible  assets,  and  lower  sales  of  marketable  securities,  offset  by  higher  maturities  of  marketablesecurities.
Cash
 provided  by financing activities  increased  in fiscal  year 2021 compared  to cash  used in fiscal  year  2020, which primarily  reflects  the debtissued in the first quarter of fiscal year 2021, offset by payments related to tax on restricted stock units.
37
Table of ContentsLiquidity
Our
 primary sources of liquidity are our cash and cash equivalents, our marketable securities, and the cash generated by our operations. As ofJanuary 31, 2021, we had $11.56 billion in cash, cash equivale
nts and marketable securities. We believe that we have sufficient liquidity to meet ouroperating
 requirements for at least the next twelve months, including our proposed acquisition of Arm. We continuously evaluate our liquidity andcapital
 resources,  including our access  to external  capital,  to ensure  we can adequately  and efficiently  finance our  capital requirements  beyondtwelve
 months. Refer to Note 2 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part IV, Item 15 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K foradditional information.
Our
 marketable  securities  consist  of  debt  securities  issued  by  the  U.S.  government  and  its  agencies,  highly  rated  corporations  and  financialinstitutions,
 and foreign  government  entities,  and certificates  of deposits. These marketable  securities  are primarily  denominated  in U.S.  dollars.Refer
 to  Note  8  of  the  Notes  to  the  Consolidated  Financial  Statements  in  Part  IV,  Item  15  of  this  Annual  Report  on  Form  10-K  for  additionalinformation.
During
 fiscal  year  2022,  we  expect  to  use  our  existing  cash  and  cash  equivalents,  our  marketable  securities,  and  the  cash  generated  by  ouroperations
 to fund our capital investments of approximately $1.0 billion to $1.2 billion related to property and equipment, including construction of anew building at our San
ta Clara campus.We
 have approximately $1.38 billion of cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities held outside the U.S. for which we have not accrued anyrelated
 foreign  or  state  taxes  if  we  repatriate  these  amounts  to  the  U.S.  Other  than  that,  substantially  all  of  our  cash,  cash  equivalents  andmarketable
 securities  held  outside  of  the  U.S.  as  of  January  31,  2021  are  available  for  use  in  the  U.S.  without  incurring  additional  U.S.  federalincome
 taxes. Refer to Note 14 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part IV, Item 15 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K foradditional information.
Capital Return to Shareholders
In
 fiscal year 2021, we paid $395 million in quarterly cash dividends. Our cash dividend program and the payment of future cash dividends underthat
 program are subject to our Board's continuing determination that the dividend program and the declaration of dividends thereunder are in thebest interests of our shareholders.
As
 of January 31, 2021, we were authorized, subject to certain specifications, to repurchase additional shares of our common stock up to $7.24billion through December 202
2. We did not repurchase any shares during fiscal year 2021.Outstanding Indebtedness and Credit Facilities
We
 have outstanding $1.50 billion of Notes Due 2030, $1.00 billion of Notes Due 2040, $2.00 billion of Notes Due 2050, and $500 million of Notesdue 2060, or collectively, the March 2020 Notes.
We have outstanding $1.00 billi
on of Notes due 2021 and $1.00 billion of Notes due 2026, or collectively, the September 2016 Notes.We
 have  a  Credit  Agreement  under  which  we  may  borrow  up  to  $575  million  for  general  corporate  purposes  and  can  obtain  revolving  loancommitments up to $425 million. As of January 31, 2021, we had not borrowe
d any amounts under this agreement.We
 have  a  $575  million  commercial  paper  program  to  support  general  corporate  purposes.  As  of  January  31,  2021,  we  had  not  issued  anycommercial paper.
Refer
 to  Note  12  of  the  Notes  to  the  Consolidated  Financial  Statements  in  Part  IV,  Item  15  of  this  Annual  Report  on  Form  10-K  for  furtherdiscussion.
Contractual Obligations
We
 have $157 million of long-term tax liabilities related to tax basis differences in Mellanox and unrecognized tax benefits of $395 million, whichincludes
 related  interest  and  penalties  of  $43  million  recorded  in  non-current  income  tax  payable  as  of  January  31,  2021.  We  are  unable  toreasonably
 estimate the timing of any potential tax liability, interest payments, or penalties in individual years due to uncertainties in the underlyingincome
 tax positions and the timing of the effective settlement of such tax positions. We are currently under examination by the Internal RevenueService for our fiscal years 2018 and 2019. Refer to Note 14 of the Notes to the
 Consolidated Financial Statements in Part IV, Item 15 of this AnnualReport on Form 10-K for further information.
38
Table of ContentsFor
 a description of our long-term debt, purchase obligations, and operating lease obligations, refer to Note 12, Note 13, and Note 3 of the Notes tothe Consolidated Financi
al Statements in Part IV, Item 15 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, respectively.Adoption of New and Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements
Refer
 to Note 1 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part IV, Item 15 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for a discussion ofadoption of new and recently issued acc
ounting pronouncements.ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK
Investment and Interest Rate Risk
We
 are  exposed  to  interest  rate  risk  related  to  our  fixed-rate  investment  portfolio  and  outstanding  debt.  The  investment  portfolio  is  managedconsistent with our overall liquidity strategy in sup
port of both working capital needs and strategic growth of our businesses.As of
 January 31, 2021, we performed a sensitivity analysis on our investment portfolio. According to our analysis, parallel shifts in the yield curve ofboth
 plus or minus 0.5%, taking into account a yield floor of 0%, would result in a decrease in fair value for these investments of $24 million, or anincrease in fair value for these investments of $8 million, respectively.
In
 September 2016, we issued $1.00 billion of the Notes Due 2021 and $1.00 billion of the Notes Due 2026. In March 2020, we issued $1.50 billionof
 Notes Due 2030, $1.00 billion of Notes Due 2040, $2.00 billion of Notes Due 2050, and $500 million of Notes due 2060. We carry the Notes atface
 value  less  unamortized  discount  on  our  Consolidated  Balance  Sheets.  As  the  Notes  bear  interest  at  a  fixed  rate,  we  have  no  financialstatement
 risk associated with changes in interest rates. Refer to Note 12 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part IV, Item 15of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information.
Foreign Exchange Rate Risk
We
 consider our direct exposure to foreign exchange rate fluctuations to be minimal. Gains or losses from foreign currency remeasurement areincluded
 in  other  income  or  expense  and  to  date  have  not  been  significant.  The  impact  of  foreign  currency  transaction  gain  or  loss  included  indetermining net income was not significant for fiscal years 202
1 and 2020.Sales
 and arrangements with third-party manufacturers provide for pricing and payment in United States dollars, and, therefore, are not subject toexchange
 rate fluctuations. Increases in the value of the United States’ dollar relative to other currencies would make our products more expensive,which
 could negatively impact our ability to compete. Conversely, decreases in the value of the United States’ dollar relative to other currenciescould
 result in our suppliers raising their prices in order to continue doing business with us. Additionally, we have international operations and incurexpenditures
 in currencies other than U.S. dollars. Our operating expenses benefit from a stronger dollar and are adversely affected by a weakerdollar.
We
 use foreign currency forward contracts to mitigate the impact of foreign currency exchange rate movements on our operating expenses. Wedesignate
 these contracts as cash flow hedges and assess the effectiveness of the hedge relationships on a spot to spot basis. Gains or losses onthe
 contracts  are  recorded  in  accumulated  other  comprehensive  income  or  loss,  and  then  reclassified  to  operating  expense  when  the  relatedoperating expenses are recognize
d in earnings or ineffectiveness should occur.We
 also use foreign currency forward contracts to mitigate the impact of foreign currency movements on monetary assets and liabilities that aredenominated
 in  currencies  other  than  U.S.  dollar.  These  forward  contracts  were  not  designated  for  hedge  accounting  treatment.  Therefore,  thechange
 in fair value of these contracts is recorded in other income or expense and offsets the change in fair value of the hedged foreign currencydenominated monetary assets and liabi
lities, which is also recorded in other income or expense.If
 the U.S. dollar strengthened by 10% as of January 31, 2021 and January 26, 2020, the amount recorded in accumulated other comprehensiveincome
 (loss) related to our foreign exchange contracts before tax effect would have been approximately $84 million and $43 million lower as ofJanuary
 31,  2021  and  January  26,  2020,  respectively.  Change  in  value  recorded  in  accumulated  other  comprehensive  income  (loss)  would  beexpected to offset a corresponding change in he
dged forecasted foreign currency expenses when recognized.39
Table of ContentsIf
 an adverse 10% foreign exchange rate change was applied to our balance sheet hedging contracts, it would have resulted in an adverse impacton
 income before taxes of approximately $44 million and $29 million as of January 31, 2021 and January 26, 2020, respectively. These changes infair
 values would be offset in other income (expense), net by corresponding change in fair values of the foreign currency denominated monetaryassets and liabilities, assuming the he
dge contracts fully cover the foreign currency denominated monetary assets and liabilities balances.Refer
 to  Note  11  of  the  Notes  to  the  Consolidated  Financial  Statements  in  Part  IV,  Item  15  of  this  Annual  Report  on  Form  10-K  for  additionalinformation.
ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA
The information require
d by this Item is set forth in our Consolidated Financial Statements and Notes thereto included in this Annual Report on Form10-K. 
ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE
None. 
ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES
Controls and Procedures
Disclosure Controls and Procedures
Based on their evaluation as of January 31, 20
21, our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, has concludedthat our disclosure controls and procedures
 (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the ExchangeAct) were effective to provide reasonable assurance.
Management’s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
Our
 management  is  responsible  for  establishing  and  maintaining  adequate  internal  control  over  financial  reporting,  as  such  term  is  defined  inExchange
 Act Rule 13a-15(f). Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and ChiefFinancial
 Officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of January 31, 2021 based onthe
 criteria  set  forth  in Internal  Control  -  Integrated  Framework  (2013) issued  by  the  Committee  of  Sponsoring  Organizations  of  the  TreadwayCommission.
 Based on our evaluation under the criteria set forth in Internal  Control — Integrated Framework,  our management concluded that ourinternal control over financial reporting was effective as of Jan
uary 31, 2021.The
 effectiveness  of  our  internal  control  over  financial  reporting  as  of  January  31,  2021  has  been  audited  by  PricewaterhouseCoopers  LLP,  anindependent registered pub
lic accounting firm, as stated in its report which is included herein.Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
Other than the acquisition of
 Mellanox that occurred during the second quarter of fiscal year 2021, there were no changes in our internal control overfinancial
 reporting during our last fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control overfinancial
 reporting  despite  the  fact  that  virtually  all  of  our  employees  are  working  remotely  due  to  the  COVID-19  pandemic.  We  are  continuallymonitoring
 and assessing the COVID-19 situation on our internal controls to minimize the impact on their operating effectiveness. We are in theprocess
 of  integrating  Mellanox  into  our  systems  and  control  environment.  We  believe  that  we  have  taken  the  necessary  steps  to  monitor  andmaintain appropriate internal control over fina
ncial reporting during this integration.Inherent Limitations on Effectiveness of Controls
Our
 management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, does not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures orour
 internal controls, will prevent all error and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable,not
 absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there areresource
 constraints,  and  the  benefits  of  controls  must  be  considered  relative  to  their  costs.  Because  of  the  inherent  limitations  in  all  controlsystems,
 no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within NVIDIA have beendetected.
40
Table of ContentsITEM 9B.  OTHER INFORMATION
None.
PART III
 Certain
 information  required  by  Part  III  is  omitted  from  this  report  because  we  will  file  with  the  SEC  a  definitive  proxy  statement  pursuant  toRegulation
 14A, or the 2021 Proxy Statement, no later than 120 days after the end of fiscal year 2021, and certain information included therein isincorporated herein by reference.
ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
Identification of Directors
Information
 regarding  directors  required  by  this  item  will  be  contained  in  our  2021  Proxy  Statement  under  the  caption  “Proposal  1  -  Election  ofDirectors,” and is hereby incorporated by reference.
Identification of Executive Officers
Reference
 is made to the information regarding executive officers appearing under the heading “Information About Our Executive Officers” in Part Iof this Annual Report on Form 10-K, which information is hereby inc
orporated by reference.Identification of Audit Committee and Financial Experts
Information
 regarding our Audit Committee required by this item will be contained in our 2021 Proxy Statement under the captions “Report of theAudit
 Committee of the Board of Directors” and “Information About the Board of Directors and Corporate Governance,” and is hereby incorporatedby reference.
Material Changes to Procedures for Recommending Directors
Information
 regarding procedures for recommending directors required by this item will be contained in our 2021 Proxy Statement under the caption“Information About the Board of Directors and Corporate Governance,” and is hereby inc
orporated by reference.Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports
Information
 regarding compliance with Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act required by this item will be contained in our 2021 Proxy Statement underthe caption “Delinquent Section 1
6(a) Reports,” and is hereby incorporated by reference.Code of Conduct
Information regard
ing our Code of Conduct required by this item will be contained in our 2021 Proxy Statement under the caption “Information Aboutthe Board of Directors and Corporate Governanc
e - Code of Conduct,” and is hereby incorporated by reference. The full text of our Code of Conductand
 Financial Team Code of Conduct are published on the Investor Relations portion of our website, under Governance, at www.nvidia.com. Thecontents of our website are not a part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.
  ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION
Information regarding our executive compensation req
uired by this item will be contained in our 2021 Proxy Statement under the captions “ExecutiveCompensation”,
 “Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation”, “Director Compensation” and “Compensation Committee Report,”and is hereby incorporated by reference.
41
Table of ContentsITEM
 12.  SECURITY  OWNERSHIP  OF  CERTAIN  BENEFICIAL  OWNERS  AND  MANAGEMENT  AND  RELATEDSTOCKHOLDER MATTERS
Ownership of NVIDIA Securities
Information
 regarding  ownership  of  NVIDIA  securities  required  by  this  item  will  be  contained  in  our  2021  Proxy  Statement  under  the  caption“Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Man
agement,” and is hereby incorporated by reference.Equity Compensation Plan Information
Information
 regarding our equity compensation plans required by this item will be contained in our 2021 Proxy Statement under the caption "EquityCompensation Plan Information," and is hereby inc
orporated by reference.ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE
Information
 regarding related transactions and director independence required by this item will be contained in our 2021 Proxy Statement under thecaptions
 “Review of Transactions with Related Persons” and “Information About the Board of Directors and Corporate Governance - Independenceof the Members of the Board of Directors,” and is hereby incorporated by reference.
ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES
Information
 regarding accounting fees and services required by this item will be contained in our 2021 Proxy Statement under the caption “FeesBilled by the Independent Re
gistered Public Accounting Firm,” and is hereby incorporated by reference. 42
Table of ContentsPART IV
ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULE
 
 Page (a)
1.Financial Statements  
Report of Independent Registered Pub lic Accounting Firm44  
Consolidated Statements of Income for the years ended January 31 , 2021 , January 26, 2020, and January 27, 201947 Consolidated
 Statements  of  Comprehensive  Income  for  the  years  ended January  31,  2021,  January  26,  2020,  andJanuary 27, 2019
48  
Consolidated Balance Sheets a s of January 31, 2021  and  January 26, 202049  
Consolidated Statements of Shareholders’ Equity for the years ended January 31, 2021, January 26, 2020, and Janu ary27, 2019
50  
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended January 31, 2021, January 26, 2020, and Janu ary 27,2019
51  
Notes to the Consolidated Financi al Statements52 2.
Financial Statement Schedule  
Schedule II Valuation and Qualifying Accounts for the years ended January  31, 2021, January 26, 2020, and January27, 2019
78 3.
Exhibits  
The exhibits listed in the accompanying index to exhibits are filed or incorporated by reference as a part of this AnnualReport on Form 10-K.
79 43
Table of ContentsReport of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of NVIDIA Corporation
Opinions on the Financial Statements an
d Internal Control over Financial ReportingWe
 have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of NVIDIA Corporation and its subsidiaries (the "Company") as of January 31,2021
 and January 26, 2020, and the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, shareholders’ equity and cash flows foreach
 of  the  three  years  in  the  period  ended  January  31,  2021,  including  the  related  notes  and  financial  statement  schedule  listed  in  the  indexappearing
 under Item 15(a)(2) (collectively referred to as the “consolidated financial statements”). We also have audited the Company's internalcontrol over
 financial reporting as of January 31, 2021, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by theCommittee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commissi
on (COSO).In
 our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Companyas
 of January 31, 2021 and January 26, 2020, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period endedJanuary
 31, 2021 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Also in our opinion, the Companymaintain
ed, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of January 31, 2021, based on criteria established in InternalControl - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the COSO.
Change in Accounting Principle
As
 discussed in Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company changed the manner in which it accounts for leases in fiscal year2020.
Basis for Opinions
The
 Company's  management  is  responsible  for  these  consolidated  financial  statements,  for  maintaining  effective  internal  control  over  financialreporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, inc
luded in Management's Annual Report on InternalControl
 Over  Financial  Reporting  appearing  under  Item  9A.  Our  responsibility  is  to  express  opinions  on  the  Company’s  consolidated  financialstatements
 and on the Company's internal control over financial reporting based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with thePublic
 Company  Accounting  Oversight  Board  (United  States)  (PCAOB)  and  are  required  to  be  independent  with  respect  to  the  Company  inaccordance
 with  the  U.S.  federal  securities  laws  and  the  applicable  rules  and  regulations  of  the  Securities  and  Exchange  Commission  and  thePCAOB.
We
 conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtainreasonable
 assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, andwhether effective internal control over financial reportin
g was maintained in all material respects.Our
 audits of the consolidated financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidatedfinancia
l statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, ona
 test  basis,  evidence  regarding  the  amounts  and  disclosures  in  the  consolidated  financial  statements.  Our  audits  also  included  evaluating  theaccounting
 principles  used  and  significant  estimates  made  by  management,  as  well  as  evaluating  the  overall  presentation  of  the  consolidatedfinancial
 statements.  Our  audit  of  internal  control  over  financial  reporting  included  obtaining  an  understanding  of  internal  control  over  financialreporting,
 assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal controlbased
 on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances.  Webelieve that our audits provide a reasona
ble basis for our opinions.Definition and Limitations of Internal Control ov
er Financial ReportingA
 company’s  internal  control  over  financial reporting  is a process  designed to  provide  reasonable assurance  regarding  the  reliability  of  financialreporting
 and  the  preparation  of  financial  statements  for  external  purposes  in  accordance  with  generally  accepted  accounting  principles.  Acompany’s
 internal  control  over  financial  reporting  includes  those  policies  and  procedures  that  (i)  pertain  to  the  maintenance  of  records  that,  inreasonab
le detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance thattransactions
 are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles,and that receipts and expenditures of the company are bei
ng made only in accordance with authorizations of44
Table of Contentsmanagement
 and  directors  of  the  company;  and  (iii)  provide  reasonable  assurance  regarding  prevention  or  timely  detection  of  unauthorizedacquisition, use, or disposition of the company’s ass
ets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.Because
 of  its  inherent  limitations,  internal  control  over  financial  reporting  may  not  prevent  or  detect  misstatements.  Also,  projections  of  anyevaluation
 of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or thatthe degree of compliance with the polici
es or procedures may deteriorate.Critical Audit Matters
The
 critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that werecommunicated
 or  required  to  be  communicated  to  the  audit  committee  and  that  (i)  relate  to  accounts  or  disclosures  that  are  material  to  theconsolidated
 financial statements and (ii) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical auditmatters
 does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating thecritical audit matters below, providing separate opi
nions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate.Acquisition
 of  Mellanox  Technologies  Ltd.-  Valuation  of  Developed  Technology  and  In-process  Research  and  Development  Intangible  AssetsAcquired
As
 described  in  Note  2  to  the  consolidated  financial  statements,  in  fiscal  year  2021  the  Company  completed  the  acquisition  of  MellanoxTechnologies
 Ltd. for consideration of approximately $7.13 billion, of which $1,640 million of developed technology and $630 million of in-processresearch
 and development intangible assets were recorded. The fair values of developed technology and in-process research and developmentintangible
 assets were determined using the multi-period excess earnings method. As disclosed by management, management applied significantjudgment in estimating the fair
 value of the intangible assets acquired, which involved the use of certain estimates and assumptions, including futureeconomic and market conditions, revenue growth, the techno
logy migration curve, and risk-adjusted discount rates.The
 principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to the valuation of the developed technology and in-processresearch and development intangi
ble assets acquired in the acquisition of Mellanox Technologies Ltd. is a critical audit matter are (i) the high degreeof
 auditor judgment and subjectivity in applying procedures relating to the fair value measurement of developed technology and in-process researchand
 development  intangible  assets  acquired  due  to  the  significant  judgment  by  management  when  developing the  estimate,  (ii)  significant  auditeffort
 in evaluating management’s assumptions relating to the estimate, such as revenue growth and the technology migration curve, and (iii) theaudit effort involved the use of professionals with speci
alized skill and knowledge.Addressing
 the  matter  involved  performing  procedures  and  evaluating  audit  evidence  in  connection  with  forming  our  overall  opinion  on  theconsolidated
 financial statements. These procedures included testing the effectiveness of controls relating to the acquisition accounting, includingcontrols
 over management’s valuation of the intangible assets and controls over development of the assumptions related to the revenue growth andthe
 technology  migration  curve.  These  procedures  also  included,  among  others,  reading  the  purchase  agreement  and  testing  management’sprocess
 for  estimating  the fair  value of the developed technology  and in-process  research  and development  intangible assets  acquired.  Testingmanagement’s
 process included evaluating the appropriateness of the valuation method and the reasonableness of management’s assumptionsrelated
 to the revenue growth and the technology migration curve for the intangible assets acquired, and using professionals with specialized skilland
 knowledge to assist with the evaluation. Evaluating the reasonableness of the revenue growth involved considering the past performance of theacquired busi
ness as well as economic and industry forecasts. The technology migration curve was evaluated by considering the revenue attributionbetween
 existing technology and in-process research and development based on the assessment of the separation of forecasted future revenuebetween developed prod
ucts and new generation products and the technology carryover rate.Valuation of Inventories - Provisions for Excess or Obsolete Inventories
As
 described in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company charges cost of sales for inventory provisions to write-down inventoryto
 the  lower  of  cost  or  net  realizable  value  or  for  obsolete  or  excess  inventory.  Most  of  the  Company’s  inventory  provisions  relate  to  excessquantities
 of products, based on the Company’s inventory levels and future product purchase commitments compared to assumptions about futuredemand and market conditions. As
45
Table of Contentsdisclosed
 by management, the inventory provisions developed include assumptions about future demand and market conditions. As of January 31,2021, the Company’s
 consolidated inventories balance was $1,826 million.The
 principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to the valuation of inventories, specifically the provisions forexcess
 or obsolete inventories, is a critical audit matter are the significant judgments by management when developing provisions for excess orobsolete
 inventories,  including  developing  assumptions  related  to  future  demand  and  market  conditions.  This  in  turn  led  to  significant  auditorjudgment,
 subjectivity,  and  effort  in  performing  procedures  and  evaluating  management’s  assumptions  related  to  future  demand  and  marketconditions.
Addressing
 the  matter  involved  performing  procedures  and  evaluating  audit  evidence  in  connection  with  forming  our  overall  opinion  on  theconsolidated financial statements. These procedures included testing the
 effectiveness of controls relating to management’s provisions for excess orobsolete
 inventories, including controls over management’s assumptions related to future demand and market conditions. These procedures alsoincluded,
 among  others,  testing  management’s  process  for  developing  the  provisions  for  excess  or  obsolete  inventories;  evaluating  theappropriateness
 of  management’s  approach;  testing  the  completeness,  accuracy,  and  relevance  of  underlying  data  used  in  the  approach;  andevaluating
 the  reasonableness  of  management’s  assumptions  related  to  future  demand  and  market  conditions.  Evaluating  management’sassumptions
 related to future demand and market conditions involved evaluating whether the assumptions used by management were reasonableconsider
ing (i) current and past results, including historical product life cycle, (ii) the consistency with external market and industry data, (iii) changesin technology, and (iv) comparing prior period estimates to actual resu
lts of the same period./s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP
San Jose, California
February 26, 2021
We have served as the Company’s auditor since 200
4.46
Table of ContentsNVIDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME
(In millions, except per share data)
Year Ended
January 31, 
2021
January 26, 2020
January 27, 2019
Revenue
$ 16,675 $ 10,918 $ 11,716 Cost of revenue
6,279 4,150 4,545 Gross profit
10,396 6,768 7,171 Operating expenses
   Research and development
3,924 2,829 2,376 Sales, general and administrative
1,940 1,093 991 Total operating expenses
5,864 3,922 3,367 Income from operations
4,532 2,846 3,804 Interest income
57 178 136 Interest expense
(184) (52) (58) Other, net
4 (2) 14 Other income (expense), net
(123) 124 92 Income before income tax
4,409 2,970 3,896 Income tax expense (benefit)
77 174 (245) Net income
$ 4,332 $ 2,796 $ 4,141 Net income per share:
Basic
$ 7.02 $ 4.59 $ 6.81 Diluted
$ 6.90 $ 4.52 $ 6.63 Weighted average shares used in per share computati
on:Basic
617 609 608 Diluted
628 618 625 See accompanying notes to the consoli
dated financial statements.47
Table of ContentsNVIDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
(In millions)
Year Ended
January 31, 
2021
January 26, 2020
January 27, 2019
Net income
$ 4,332 $ 2,796 $ 4,141 Other comprehensive income, net of tax
Available-for-sale debt securities:
Net unrealized gain
2 8 10 Reclassification adjustments for net realized ga
in (loss) included in net income(2) — 1 Net change in unrealized
 gain— 8 11 Cash flow hedges:
Net unrealized gain
9 10 6 Reclassification adjustments for net realized ga
in (loss) included in net income9 (5) (11) Net change in unrealized
 gain (loss)18 5 (5) Other comprehensive income, net of tax
18 13 6 Total comprehensive income
$ 4,350 $ 2,809 $ 4,147 See accompanying notes to the consoli
dated financial statements.48
Table of ContentsNVIDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS
(In millions, except par value)
 
January 31, 2021
January 26, 2020
ASSETS
  Current assets:
  Cash and cash equivalents
$ 847 $ 10,896 Marketable securities
10,714 1 Accounts receivable, net
2,429 1,657 Inventories
1,826 979 Prepaid expenses and other current assets
239 157 Total current assets
16,055 13,690 Property and equipment, net
2,149 1,674 Operating lease assets
707 618 Goodwill
4,193 618 Intangible assets, net
2,737 49 Deferred income tax assets
806 548 Other assets
2,144 118 Total assets
$ 28,791 $ 17,315 LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY
Current liabilities:
  Accounts payable
$ 1,201 $ 687 Accrued and other current liabilities
1,725 1,097 Short-term
 debt999 — Total current liabilities
3,925 1,784 Long-term debt
5,964 1,991 Long-term opera
ting lease liabilities634 561 Other long-te
rm liabilities1,375 775 Total liabilities
11,898 5,111 Commitments and contingencies - see Note 13
Shareholders’ equity:
  Preferred stock, $0.001 par value; 2 shares authorized; none issued
— — Common stock, $0.001 par value; 2,000 shares authorized; 965 sh
ares issued and 620 outstanding asof January 31, 2021; 955 shares issued and 61
2 outstanding as of January 26, 20201 1 Additional paid-in capital
8,721 7,045 Treasury stock, at cost (345 shares in 2021 and 342 shares in 2020)
(10,756) (9,814) Accumulated other comprehensive income
19 1 Retained earnings
18,908 14,971 Total shareholders' equity
16,893 12,204 Total liabilities and sha
reholders' equity$ 28,791 $ 17,315 See accompanying notes to the consoli
dated financial statements.49
Table of ContentsNVIDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDER
S’ EQUITYCommon Stock 
Outstanding
Additional Treasury Accumulated OtherComprehensive
Retained TotalShareholders'
(In millions, except per share data)
Shares Amount  Paid-inCapital
 Stock  Income (Loss)  Earnings  Equity Balances, January 28, 2018
606 $ 1 $5,351 $ (6,650)$ (18) $ 8,787 $ 7,471 Retained earnings adjustment due to adoption of an accounting standa
rdrelated to income tax consequences of an intra-en
tity transfer of an asset— — — — — 8 8 Other comprehensive income
— — — — 6 — 6 Net income
— — — — — 4,141 4,141 Convertible debt conversion
1 — — — — — — Issuance of common stock from s
tock plans 13 — 137 — — — 137 Tax withholding related to vesting of restricted stock units
(4) — — (1,032) — — (1,032) Share repurchase
(9) — — (1,579) — — (1,579) Exercise of convertible note hedges
(1) — 2 (2) — — — Cash dividends declared and paid ($0.610 per common share)
— — — — — (371) (371) Stock-based compensation
— — 561 — — — 561 Balances, January 27, 2019
606 1 6,051 (9,263) (12) 12,565 9,342 Other comprehensive income
— — — — 13 — 13 Net income
— — — — — 2,796 2,796 Issuance of common stock from s
tock plans 9 — 149 — — — 149 Tax withholding related to vesting of restricted stock units
(3) — — (551) — — (551) Cash dividends declared and paid ($0.640 per common share)
— — — — — (390) (390) Stock-based compensation
— — 845 — — — 845 Balances, January 26, 2020
612 1 7,045 (9,814) 1 14,971 12,204 Other comprehensive income
— — — — 18 — 18 Net income
— — — — — 4,332 4,332 Issuance of common stock from s
tock plans11 — 194 — — — 194 Tax withholding related to vesting of restricted stock units
(3) — — (942) — — (942) Cash dividends declared and paid ($0.640 per common share)
— — — — — (395) (395) Fair value of partially vested equity awards assumed in connection with
acquisitions
— — 86 — — — 86 Stock-based compensation
— — 1,396 — — — 1,396 Balances, January 31, 2021
620 $ 1 $8,721 $ (10,756)$ 19 $ 18,908 $ 16,893 See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements.
50
Table of ContentsNVIDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS
(In millions)
Year Ended
 
January 31, 2021
January 26, 2020
January 27, 2019
Cash flows from operating 
activities:  Net income
$ 4,332 $ 2,796 $ 4,141 Adjustments to reconcile net 
income to net cash provided by operating activities:  Stock-based compensation expense
1,397 844 557 Depreciation and amortization
1,098 381 262 Deferred income taxes
(282) 18 (315) Other
(20) 5 (45) Changes in operating 
assets and liabilities, net of acquisitions:  Accounts receivable
(550) (233) (149) Inventories
(524) 597 (776) Prepaid expenses and other assets
(394) 77 (55) Accounts payable
363 194 (135) Accrued and other c
urrent liabilities239 54 256 Other long-term liabilities
163 28 2 Net cash provided by o
perating activities5,822 4,761 3,743 Cash flows from investing activities:
  Proceeds from maturities o
f marketable securities8,792 4,744 7,232 Proceeds from sales of m
arketable securities527 3,365 428 Purchases of marketable
 securities(19,308) (1,461) (11,148) Acquisitions, net of cash
 acquired(8,524) (4) — Purchases related to property and equip
ment and intangible assets(1,128) (489) (600) Investments and other, net
(34) (10) (9) Net cash provided by (us
ed in) investing activities(19,675) 6,145 (4,097) Cash flows from financing activities:
  Issuance of debt, net of issuance costs
4,968 — — Proceeds related to 
employee stock plans194 149 137 Payments related to tax on restri
cted stock units(942) (551) (1,032) Dividends paid
(395) (390) (371) Principal payments on prop
erty and equipment(17) — — Payments related to repurchases of co
mmon stock— — (1,579) Repayment of Convertible No
tes— — (16) Other
(4) — (5) Net cash provided by (us
ed in) financing activities3,804 (792) (2,866) Change in cash and cash equivalents
(10,049) 10,114 (3,220) Cash and cash equivalents at beginn
ing of period10,896 782 4,002 Cash and cash equivalen
ts at end of period$ 847 $ 10,896 $ 782 Supplemental disclosures of cash flow informa
tion:Cash paid for income taxes, net
$ 249 $ 176 $ 61 Cash paid for interest
$ 138 $ 54 $ 55 See accompanying notes to the consoli
dated financial statements.51
Table of ContentsNVIDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Note 1 - Organization and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies
Our Company
Headquartered in Santa Clara, Cal
ifornia, NVIDIA was incorporated in California in April 1993 and reincorporated in Delaware in April 1998.All references to “NVIDIA,” “we,” “us,” “our” or the “Company” mean NVIDIA Corporation and its subsidiaries.
Fiscal Year
We
 operate on a 52- or 53-week year, ending on the last Sunday in January. Fiscal year 2021 is a 53-week year. Fiscal years 2020 and 2019 wereboth 52-week years.
Reclassifications
Certain prior fiscal year balances have bee
n reclassified to conform to the current fiscal year presentation.Principles of Consolidation
Our
 consolidated financial statements include the accounts of NVIDIA Corporation and our wholly-owned subsidiaries. All intercompany balancesand transactions have been elimin
ated in consolidation.Use of Estimates
The
 preparation of financial statements  in conformity  with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions  that affect  thereported
 amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reportedamounts
 of revenue and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ materially from our estimates. On an on-going basis, weevaluate our estimates, including those
 related to revenue recognition, cash equivalents and marketable securities, accounts receivable, inventories,income
 taxes,  goodwill,  stock-based  compensation,  litigation,  investigation  and  settlement  costs,  restructuring  and  other  charges,  and  othercontingencies.
 The  inputs  into  our  judgments  and  estimates  consider  the  economic  implications  of  COVID-19.  These  estimates  are  based  onhistorical facts and various other assumptions that we believ
e are reasonable.Revenue Recognition
We
 derive our revenue from product sales, including hardware and systems, license and development arrangements, and software licensing. Wedetermine
 revenue recognition through the following steps: (1) identification of the contract with a customer; (2) identification of the performanceobligations
 in the contract; (3) determination of the transaction price; (4) allocation of the transaction price to the performance obligations in thecontract
 (where  revenue  is  allocated  on  a  relative  standalone  selling  price  basis  by  maximizing  the  use  of  observable  inputs  to  determine  thestandalone selling price for each p
erformance obligation); and (5) recognition of revenue when, or as, we satisfy a performance obligation.Product Sales Revenue
Revenue
 from product sales is recognized upon transfer of control of promised products to customers in an amount that reflects the considerationwe
 expect to receive in exchange for those products. Certain products are sold along with support or extended warranty. Support and extendedwarranty revenue are recogniz
ed ratably over the service period, or as services are performed. Revenue is recognized net of allowances for returns,customer programs and any taxes collected from customers.
For
 products sold with a right of return, we record a reduction to revenue by establishing a sales return allowance for estimated product returns atthe
 time revenue is recognized, based primarily on historical return rates. However, if product returns for a fiscal period are anticipated to exceedhistorical
 return rates, we may determine that additional sales return allowances are required to properly reflect our estimated exposure for productreturns.
Our
 customer programs involve rebates, which are designed to serve as sales incentives to resellers of our products in various target markets, andmarketing
 development funds, or MDFs, which represent monies paid to our partners that are earmarked for market segment development and aredesigned to support our partners’ activities whil
e also promoting NVIDIA products. We account for customer programs as a reduction to revenue andaccrue for potential rebates and MDFs based on the amount we exp
ect to be claimed by customers.52
Table of ContentsNVIDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Continued)
License and Development Arrangements
Our
 license and development arrangements with customers typically require significant customization of our intellectual property components. As aresult,
 we  recognize  the  revenue  from  the  license  and  the  revenue  from  the  development  services  as  a  single  performance  obligation  over  theperiod in which the developme
nt services are performed. We measure progress to completion based on actual cost incurred to date as a percentageof
 the estimated total cost required to complete each project. If a loss on an arrangement becomes probable during a period, we record a provisionfor such loss in that period.
Software Licensing
Our
 software licenses provide our customers with a right to use the software when it is made available to the customer. Customers may purchaseeither
 perpetual  licenses  or  subscriptions  to  licenses,  which  differ  mainly  in  the  duration  over  which  the  customer  benefits  from  the  software.Software
 licenses are frequently sold along with post-contract customer support, or PCS. Revenue from software licenses is recognized up frontwhen the software is made available to the customer. PCS revenu
e is recognized ratably over the service period, or as services are performed.Product Warranties
We
 generally offer a limited warranty to end-users that ranges from one  to three years for products in order to repair or replace products for anymanufacturing
 defects or hardware component failures. Cost of revenue includes the estimated cost of product warranties that are calculated at thepoint
 of revenue recognition. Under limited circumstances, we may offer an extended limited warranty to customers for certain products. We alsoaccrue for known warranty and indemnification issu
es if a loss is probable and can be reasonably estimated.Stock-based Compensation
We
 use the closing trading price of our common stock on the date of grant, minus a dividend yield discount, as the fair value of awards of restrictedstock
 units, or RSUs, and performance stock units that are based on our corporate financial performance targets, or PSUs. We use a Monte Carlosimulation
 on the date of grant to estimate the fair value of performance stock units that are based on market conditions, or market-based PSUs.The
 compensation expense for RSUs and market-based PSUs is recognized using a straight-line attribution method over the requisite employeeservice
 period while compensation expense for PSUs is recognized using an accelerated amortization model. We estimate the fair value of sharesto
 be issued under our employee stock purchase plan, or ESPP, using the Black-Scholes model at the commencement  of an offering period inMarch
 and September of each year. Stock-based compensation for our ESPP is expensed using an accelerated amortization model. Additionally,we estimate
 forfeitures annually based on historical experience and revise the estimates of forfeiture in subsequent periods if actual forfeitures differfrom those estimates.
Litigation, Investigation and Settlement Costs
From
 time to time, we are involved in legal actions and/or investigations by regulatory bodies. There are many uncertainties associated with anylitigation
 or investigation, and we cannot be certain that these actions or other third-party claims against us will be resolved without litigation, finesand/or
 substantial settlement payments. If information becomes available that causes us to determine that a loss in any of our pending litigation,investigations
 or  settlements  is  probable,  and  we  can  reasonably  estimate  the  loss  associated  with  such  events,  we  will  record  the  loss  inaccordanc
e with U.S. GAAP. However, the actual liability in any such litigation or investigation may be materially different from our estimates, whichcould require us to record additional costs.
Foreign Currency Remeasurement
We
 use  the  United  States  dollar  as  our  functional  currency  for  all  of  our  subsidiaries.  Foreign  currency  monetary  assets  and  liabilities  areremeasured
 into United States dollars at end-of-period exchange rates. Non-monetary assets and liabilities such as property and equipment, andequity are remeasured at historical exchange rates. Reven
ue and expenses are remeasured at average exchange rates in effect during each period,except
 for those expenses related to the previously noted balance sheet amounts, which are remeasured at historical exchange rates. Gains orlosses
 from foreign currency remeasurement are included in other income or expense in our Consolidated Statements of Income and to date havenot been significant.
53
Table of ContentsNVIDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Continued)
Income Taxes
We
 recognize federal, state and foreign current tax liabilities or assets based on our estimate of taxes payable or refundable in the current fiscalyear
 by tax jurisdiction. We recognize federal, state and foreign deferred tax assets or liabilities, as appropriate, for our estimate of future tax effectsattributable
 to temporary differences and carryforwards; and we record a valuation allowance to reduce any deferred tax assets by the amount ofany tax benefits that, based on available evi
dence and judgment, are not expected to be realized.Our
 calculation  of  deferred  tax  assets  and  liabilities  is  based  on  certain  estimates  and  judgments  and  involves  dealing  with  uncertainties  in  theapplication
 of complex tax laws. Our estimates of deferred tax assets and liabilities may change based, in part, on added certainty or finality to ananticipated
 outcome, changes in accounting standards or tax laws in the United States, or foreign jurisdictions where we operate, or changes inother
 facts  or  circumstances.  In  addition,  we  recognize  liabilities  for  potential  United  States  and  foreign  income  tax  contingencies  based  on  ourestimate
 of whether, and the extent to which, additional taxes may be due. If we determine that payment of these amounts is unnecessary or if therecorded
 tax liability is less than our current assessment, we may be required to recognize an income tax benefit or additional income tax expensein our financial statements accordingly.
As
 of January 31, 2021, we had a valuation allowance of $728 million related to state and certain foreign deferred tax assets that managementdetermined
 are  not  likely  to  be  realized  due  to  jurisdictional  projections  of  future  taxable  income,  tax  attributes  usage  limitation  by  certainjurisdictions,
 and potential utilization limitations of tax attributes acquired as a result of stock ownership changes. To the extent realization of thedeferred tax assets becomes more-likely-than-not, we would recogniz
e such deferred tax assets as an income tax benefit during the period.We
 recognize the benefit from a tax position only if it is more-likely-than-not that the position would be sustained upon audit based solely on thetechnica
l merits of the tax position. Our policy is to include interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits as a component of income taxexpense.
Net Income Per Share
Basic
 net income per share is computed using the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period. Diluted net incomeper
 share  is  computed  using  the  weighted  average  number  of  common  and  potentially  dilutive  shares  outstanding  during  the  period,  using  thetreasury
 stock method. Under the treasury stock method, the effect of equity awards outstanding is not included in the computation of diluted netincome per share for periods when their effect is anti-dilutive.
Cash and Cash Equivalents and Marketable Securities
We
 consider all highly liquid investments that are readily convertible into cash and have an original maturity of three months or less at the time ofpurchase
 to be cash equivalents. Marketable securities consist of highly liquid debt investments with maturities of greater than three months whenpurchased.
 We  currently  classify  our  investments  as  current  based  on  the  nature  of  the  investments  and  their  availability  for  use  in  currentoperations.
We generally classify our
 cash equivalents and marketable securities related to debt securities at the date of acquisition as available-for-sale. Theseavailable-for-sale
 debt  securities  are  reported  at  fair  value  with  the  related  unrealized  gains  and  losses  included  in  accumulated  othercomprehensive
 income or loss, a component of shareholders’ equity, net of tax. The fair value of interest-bearing debt securities includes accruedinterest.
 Realized gains and losses on the sale of marketable securities are determined using the specific-identification method and recorded in theother income (expense), net, section of our Consolidated Statements of Income.
All
 of our available-for-sale debt investments are subject to a periodic impairment review. If the estimated fair value of an available-for-sale debtsecurities
 is  less  than  its  amortized  cost  basis,  we  determine  if  the  difference,  if  any,  is  caused  by  expected  credit  losses  and  write-down  theamortized cost basis of 
the securities if it is more likely than not we will be required or we intend to sell the securities before recovery of its amortizedcost
 basis. Allowances for credit losses and write-downs are recognized in other income (expense), net section of our Consolidated Statements ofIncome.
Fair Value of Financial Instruments
The
 carrying  value  of  cash  equivalents,  accounts  receivable,  accounts  payable  and  accrued  liabilities  approximate  their  fair  values  due  to  theirrelativel
y short maturities as of January 31, 2021 and January 26, 2020. Marketable securities are comprised of available-for-sale securities that arereported at fair value with the related unrealized ga
ins or losses54
Table of ContentsNVIDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Continued)
included
 in  accumulated  other  comprehensive  income  or  loss,  a  component  of  shareholders’  equity,  net  of  tax.  Fair  value  of  the  marketablesecurities is determined based on quoted market
 prices. Derivative instruments are recognized as either assets or liabilities and are measured at fairvalue.
 The accounting for changes in the fair value of a derivative depends on the intended use of the derivative and the resulting designation. Forderivative
 instruments designated as fair value hedges, the gains or losses are recognized in earnings in the periods of change together with theoffsetting
 losses or gains on the hedged items attributed to the risk being hedged. For derivative instruments designated as cash-flow hedges, theeffective
 portion  of  the  gains  or  losses  on  the  derivatives  is  initially  reported  as  a  component  of  other  comprehensive  income  or  loss  and  issubsequently
 recognized in earnings when the hedged exposure is recognized in earnings. For derivative instruments  not designated for hedgeaccounting, changes in fair value are recog
nized in earnings.Concentration of Credit Risk
Financial
 instruments  that  potentially  subject  us  to  concentrations  of  credit  risk  consist  primarily  of  cash  equivalents,  marketable  securities,  andaccounts
 receivable. Our investment policy requires the purchase of highly-rated fixed income securities, the diversification of investment type andcredit
 exposures, and includes certain limits on our portfolio duration. We perform ongoing credit evaluations of our customers’ financial conditionand
 maintain an allowance for potential credit losses. This allowance consists of an amount identified for specific customers and an amount basedon overall estimated exposure. Our overall estimated exposure exc
ludes amounts covered by credit insurance and letters of credit.Accounts Receivable
We
 maintain  an  allowance  for  doubtful  accounts  receivable  for  expected  losses  resulting  from  the  inability  of  our  customers  to  make  requiredpayments.
 We  determine  this  allowance  by  identifying  amounts  for  specific  customer  issues  as  well  as  amounts  based  on  overall  estimatedexposure.
 Factors impacting the allowance include the level of gross receivables, the financial condition of our customers and the extent to whichbalances are covered by credit insurance or letters of credit.
Inventories
Inventory
 cost is computed on an adjusted standard basis, which approximates actual cost on an average or first-in, first-out basis. Inventory costsconsist
 primarily  of  the  cost  of  semiconductors  purchased  from  subcontractors,  including  wafer  fabrication,  assembly,  testing  and  packaging,manufacturi
ng support costs, including labor and overhead associated with such purchases, final test yield fallout, and shipping costs, as well as thecost
 of purchased memory products and other component parts. We charge cost of sales for inventory provisions to write-down our inventory to thelower
 of cost or net realizable value or for obsolete or excess inventory. Most of our inventory provisions relate to excess quantities of products,based
 on our inventory levels and future product purchase commitments compared to assumptions about future demand and market conditions.Once inventory has been written-off or written-down, it creates a new cost basis for the inventory that is not subsequently written-u
p.Property and Equipment
Property
 and  equipment  are  stated  at  cost.  Depreciation  of  property  and  equipment  is  computed  using  the  straight-line  method  based  on  theestimated
 useful lives of the assets,  generally three  to  five  years.  Once  an  asset  is  identified  for  retirement  or  disposition,  the  related  cost  andaccumulated
 depreciation or amortization are removed, and a gain or loss is recorded. The estimated useful lives of our buildings are up to thirtyyears.
 Depreciation  expense  includes  the  amortization  of  assets  recorded  under  finance  leases.  Leasehold  improvements  and  assets  recordedunder finance leases are amortized over the shorter of the expected leas
e term or the estimated useful life of the asset.Leases
We
 determine if an arrangement is or contains a lease at inception. Operating leases with lease terms of more than 12 months are included inoperating
 lease assets, accrued and other current liabilities, and long-term operating lease liabilities on our consolidated balance sheet. Operatinglease
 assets represent our right to use an underlying asset for the lease term and lease liabilities represent our obligation to make lease paymentsover the lease term.
Operating lease
 assets and liabilities are recognized based on the present value of the remaining lease payments discounted using our incrementalborrowing
 rate. Operating lease assets also include initial direct costs incurred and prepaid lease payments, minus any lease incentives. Our leaseterms include options to extend or terminate the lease
55
Table of ContentsNVIDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Continued)
when it is reasonably certain that we will exercis
e that option. Lease expense is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term.We combine the lease and non-lease comp
onents in determining the operating lease assets and liabilities.Goodwill
Goodwill
 is subject to our annual impairment test during the fourth quarter of our fiscal year, or earlier if indicators of potential impairment exist. Forthe purposes of completing our impairment test, we perform either a qualitative or a quantitative a
nalysis on a reporting unit basis. Qualitative
 factors  include industry and market  considerations,  overall financial performance,  and other  relevant  events and factors  affecting  thereporting units.
Our
 quantitative impairment test considers both the income approach and the market approach to estimate a reporting unit’s fair value. The incomeand
 market valuation approaches consider a number of factors that include, but are not limited to, prospective financial information, growth rates,residual valu
es, discount rates and comparable multiples from publicly traded companies in our industry and require us to make certain assumptionsand estimates regarding industry economic factors and the future profitabil
ity of our business. Intangible Assets and Other Long-Lived Assets
Intangible
 assets primarily represent acquired intangible assets including developed technology, in-process research and development, or IPR&D,and
 customer relationships, as well as rights acquired under technology licenses, patents, and acquired intellectual property. We currently amortizeour
 intangible assets with finite lives over periods ranging from two  to twenty years using a method that reflects the pattern in which the economicbenefits of the intangible asset are consumed or otherwis
e used up or, if that pattern cannot be reliably determined, using a straight-line amortizationmethod.
 We  initially  capitalize  the  fair  value  of  IPR&D  as  an  intangible  asset  with  an  indefinite  life.  When  IPR&D  projects  are  completed,  wereclassify the IPR&D as an amortizable purchased inta
ngible asset and amortize over the asset’s estimated useful life.Long-lived
 assets, such as property and equipment and intangible assets subject to amortization, are reviewed for impairment whenever events orchanges
 in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset or asset group may not be recoverable. Recoverability of assets or assetgroups
 to be held and used is measured by a comparison of the carrying amount of an asset or asset group to estimated undiscounted future cashflows
 expected to be generated by the asset or asset group. If the carrying amount of an asset or asset group exceeds its estimated future cashflows, an impairment charge is recogniz
ed for the amount by which the carrying amount of the asset or asset group exceeds the estimated fair valueof
 the asset or asset group. Fair value is determined based on the estimated discounted future cash flows expected to be generated by the asset orasset
 group. Assets and liabilities to be disposed of would be separately presented in the Consolidated Balance Sheet and the assets would bereported at the lower of the carrying amount or fair value less costs to sell, and would no lo
nger be depreciated.Business Combination
We
 allocate the fair value of the purchase price of an acquisition to the tangible assets acquired, liabilities assumed, and intangible assets acquired,including
 IPR&D, based on their estimated fair values. The excess of the fair value of the purchase price over the fair values of these net tangibleand
 intangible  assets  acquired  is  recorded  as  goodwill.  Management’s  estimates  of  fair  value  are  based  upon  assumptions  believed  to  bereasonable,
 but our estimates and assumptions are inherently uncertain and subject to refinement. The estimates and assumptions used in valuingintangible
 assets include, but are not limited to, the amount and timing of projected future cash flows, discount rate used to determine the presentvalue
 of these cash flows and asset  lives.  These estimates  are inherently  uncertain  and, therefore,  actual results  may differ  from  the estimatesmade.
 As a result, during the measurement period of up to one year from the acquisition date, we may record adjustments to the assets acquiredand
 liabilities assumed with the corresponding offset to goodwill. Upon the conclusion of the measurement period or final determination of the fairvalue
 of the purchase price of an acquisition, whichever comes first, any subsequent adjustments are recorded to our Consolidated Statements ofIncome.
Acquisition-related expenses are reco
gnized separately from the business combination and expensed as incurred.56
Table of ContentsNVIDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Continued)
Investment in Non-Affiliated Entities
Non-marketable
 equity  investments  in  privately-held  companies  are  recorded  at  fair  value  on  a  non-recurring  basis  only  if  an  impairment  orobservable
 price  adjustment  occurs  in  the  period  with  changes  in  fair  value  recorded  through  net  income.  These  investments  are  valued  usingobservable
 and unobservable inputs or data in an inactive market and the valuation requires our judgment due to the absence of market prices andinherent
 lack of liquidity. The estimated fair value is based on quantitative and qualitative factors including subsequent financing activities by theinvestee.
Adoption of New and Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements
Recently Adopted Accounting Pronouncement
In
 June  2016,  the  Financial  Accounting  Standards  Board  issued  a  new  accounting  standard  to  replace  the  existing  incurred  loss  impairmentmethodology
 with a methodology that reflects expected credit losses and requires consideration of a broader range of reasonable and supportableinformation
 to inform credit loss estimates for accounts receivable and other financial instruments, including available-for-sale debt securities. Weadopted the standard in the first quarter of fiscal year 2021 and the impact of the adoptio
n was not material to our consolidated financial statements.Note 2 - Business Combination
Pending Acquisition of Arm Limited
On
 September 13, 2020, we entered into a Purchase Agreement with Arm and SoftBank for us to acquire, from SoftBank all allotted and issuedordinary
 shares of Arm in a transaction valued at $40 billion. We paid $2 billion in Signing Consideration and will pay upon closing of the acquisition$10
 billion in cash and issue to SoftBank 44.3 million shares of our common stock with an aggregate value of $21.5 billion. The transaction includesa
 potential earn out, which is contingent on the achievement of certain financial performance targets by Arm during the fiscal year ending March 31,2022.
 If  the  financial  targets  are  achieved,  SoftBank  can  elect  to  receive  either  up  to  an  additional  $5  billion  in  cash  or  up  to  an  additional10.3
 million shares of our common stock. We will issue up to $1.5 billion in restricted stock units to Arm employees after closing. The $2 billion paidupon
 signing was allocated between advanced consideration for the acquisition of $1.36 billion and the prepayment of intellectual property licensesfrom
 Arm  of  $0.17  billion  and  royalties  of  $0.47  billion,  both  with  a  20-year  term.  The  closing  of  the  acquisition  is  subject  to  customary  closingconditions,
 including  receipt  of  specified  governmental  and  regulatory  consents  and  approvals  and  expiration  of  any  related  mandatory  waitingperiod,
 and Arm's implementation of the reorganization and distribution of Arm’s IoT Services Group and certain other assets and liabilities. We areengaged
 with regulators in the United States, the United Kingdom, the European Union, China and other jurisdictions. If the Purchase Agreement isterminated
 under certain circumstances, we will be refunded $1.25 billion of the Signing Consideration. The $2 billion payment upon signing wasallocated on a fair value basis and a
ny refund of the Signing Consideration will use stated values in the Purchase Agreement. We believe the closingof the acquisition will likely occur in the first quarter of calend
ar year 2022.Acquisition of Mellanox Technologies, Ltd.
On
 April 27, 2020, we completed the acquisition of all outstanding shares of Mellanox for a total purchase consideration of $7.13 billion. Mellanox isa
 supplier of high-performance interconnect products for computing, storage and communications applications. We acquired Mellanox to optimizedata center workloads to scale across the entire computing, networkin
g, and storage stack.57
Table of ContentsNVIDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Continued)
Purchase Price Allocation
The aggregate purchase considerati
on has been allocated as follows (in millions):Purchase Price
Cash paid for outstanding Mellanox ord
inary shares (1)$ 7,033 Cash for Mellanox equity awards (2)
16 Total cash consideration
7,049 Fair value of Mellanox equity awards assumed by N
VIDIA (3)85 Total purchase consideration
$ 7,134 Allocation
Cash and cash equivalents
$ 115 Marketable securities
699 Accounts receivable, net
216 Inventories
320 Prepaid expenses and other assets
179 Property and equipment, net
144 Goodwill
3,431 Intangible assets
2,970 Accounts payable
(136) Accrued and other current liabilities
(236) Income tax liability
(191) Deferred income tax liability
(258) Other long-te
rm liabilities(119) $
7,134 (1)    Represents the cash consideration of $125.00 per share paid to Mellanox shareholders for approximately 56 million shares of outstanding Mellanox ordinary shares.
(2)    Represents the cash consideration for the settlement of approximately 249 thousand Mellanox stock options held by
 employees and non-employee directors of Mellanox.(3)    Represents the fair value of Mellanox’s stock-based compensation awards attributable to pre-combination services.
We allocated the purchase price to tangible a
nd identified intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on the estimated fair values.The goodwill is primarily attributable to 
the planned growth in the combined business of NVIDIA and Mellanox. Goodwill is not amortized to earnings,but
 instead is reviewed for impairment at least annually, absent any interim indicators of impairment. Goodwill recognized in the acquisition is notexpected
 to  be  deductible  for  foreign  tax  purposes.  Goodwill  arising  from  the  Mellanox  acquisition  has  been  allocated  to  the  Compute  andNetworking segment. Refer to Note 17 – Segment Information for further details on segments.
The
 operating results of Mellanox have been included in our consolidated financial statements for fiscal year 2021 since the acquisition date of April27,
 2020.  Revenue  attributable  to  Mellanox  was  approximately  10%  for  fiscal  year  2021.  There  is  not  a  practical  way  to  determine  net  incomeattributable
 to  Mellanox  due  to  integration.  Acquisition-related  costs  attributable  to  Mellanox  of  $28  million  were  included  in  selling,  general  andadministrative expense for fiscal year 2021.
58
Table of ContentsNVIDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Continued)
Intangible Assets
The estimated fair value and useful life of the acquired i
ntangible assets are as follows:Fair Value
Useful Lives (In millions)
Developed technology (1)
$ 1,640 5 years Customer relationships (2)
440 3 years Order backlog (3)
190 Based on actual shipments Trade names (4)
70 5 years Total identified fini
te-lived intangible assets2,340 IPR&D (5)
630 N/A Total identified intangible
 assets$ 2,970 (1)    The fair value of developed technology was identified using the Multi-Period Excess Earnings Method.
(2)    Customer relationships represent the fair value of the existing relationships using the With and Without Method.
(3)    Order backlog represents primarily the fair value of purchase arrangements with customers using the Multi-Period Excess Earnings Method. The intangible asset was fully
amortized as of January 31, 2021.
(4)    Trade names primarily relate to Mellanox trade names and fair value was determined by applying the Relief-from-Royalty Method under the income approach.
(5)    The fair value of IPR&D was determined using the Multi-Period Excess Earnings Method.
The
 fair  value  of  the  finite-lived  intangible  assets  will  be  amortized  over  the  estimated  useful  lives  based  on  the  pattern  in  which  the  economicbenefits are expected to be received to cost of revenue and operati
ng expenses.Mellanox
 had an IPR&D project associated with the next generation interconnect product that had not yet reached technological feasibility as of theacquisition date. Accordingly, we recorded an indefinite-lived intangible asset of $630 million for
 the fair value of this project, which will initially not beamortized.
 Instead, the project will be tested for impairment annually and whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the projectmay
 be impaired  or  may  have reached  technological  feasibility.  Once  the  project  reaches  technological  feasibility,  we will begin to  amortize  theintangible asset over its estimated useful life.
Supplemental Unaudited Pro Forma Information
The
 following  unaudited  pro  forma  financial  information  summarizes  the  combined  results  of  operations  for  NVIDIA  and  Mellanox  as  if  thecompanies were combined as of the begin
ning of fiscal year 2020:Pro Forma
 
Year Ended  
January 31, 2021
January 26, 2020
(In millions)
Revenue
$ 17,104 $ 12,250 Net income
$ 4,757 $ 2,114 The
 unaudited  pro  forma  information  includes  adjustments  related  to  amortization  of  acquired  intangible  assets,  adjustments  to  stock-basedcompensation
 expense,  fair  value  of  acquired  inventory,  and  transaction  costs.  The  unaudited  pro  forma  information  presented  above  is  forinformational
 purposes only and is not necessarily indicative of our consolidated results of operations of the combined business had the acquisitionactually occurred at the beginning of fiscal year 20
20 or of the results of our future operations of the combined businesses.The
 pro forma results reflect the inventory step-up expense of $161 million in the fiscal year 2020 and were excluded from the pro forma results forfiscal year 2021. There were no other material nonrecurring ad
justments.Note 3 - Leases
59
Table of ContentsNVIDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Continued)
On January 28, 2019, we adopted the new leas
e accounting standard using the optional transition method.Our
 lease obligations primarily consist of operating leases for our headquarters complex, domestic and international office facilities, and data centerspace, with lease periods expiring b
etween fiscal years 2022 and 2035.Future minimum lease payments under our non-cancela
ble operating leases as of January 31, 2021, are as follows:Operating Lease
Obligations
 
(In millions) Fiscal Year:
 2022
$ 152 2023
135 2024
115 2025
94 2026
86 2027 and thereafter
288 Total
870 Less imputed interest
115 Present value of net future minimum lease payments
755 Less short-term operating lease liabilities
121 Long-term opera
ting lease liabilities$ 634 Operating
 lease expense for fiscal years 2021, 2020, and 2019 was $145 million, $114 million, $80 million, respectively. Short-term and variablelease expenses for fiscal years 2021 and 20
20 were not significant.Other information related to leases was as follows:
Year Ended
January 31, 2021
January 26, 2020  
(In millions) Supplemental cash flows information
 Operating cash flows used for operating leases
$ 141 $ 103 Operating lease assets obtained in exch
ange for lease obligations (1)$ 200 $ 238 (1)    Fiscal year 2021 includes $80 million of operating lease assets addition due to a business combination.
As
 of January 31, 2021, our operating leases had a weighted average remaining lease term of 7.6 years and a weighted average discount rate of2.87%.
 As of January 26, 2020, our operating leases had a weighted average remaining lease term of 8.3 years and a weighted average discountrate of 3.45%.
Note 4 - Stock-Based Compensation
Our
 stock-based compensation expense is associated with restricted stock units, or RSUs, performance stock units that are based on our corporatefinancial performance targets, or PSUs, performance stock units that are based on market conditions, or market-based PSUs, an
d our ESPP.60
Table of ContentsNVIDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Continued)
Our Consolidated Statements of Income include stock-based comp
ensation expense, net of amounts allocated to inventory, as follows: 
Year Ended January 31, 
2021
January 26, 2020
January 27, 2019
 
(In millions) Cost of revenue
$ 88 $ 39 $ 27 Research and development
860 540 336 Sales, general and administrative
449 265 194 Total
$ 1,397 $ 844 $ 557 Stock-based compensation capitaliz
ed in inventories was not significant during fiscal years 2021, 2020, and 2019.The following is a summary of equity awards granted und
er our equity incentive plans:Year Ended
January 31, 
2021
January 26, 2020
January 27, 2019
(In millions, except per share data)
RSUs, PSUs and Market-based PSUs
Awards granted
9 7 4 Estimated total grant-date fair value
$ 2,764 $ 1,282 $ 1,109 Weighted average grant-date fair value per share
$ 307.25 $ 184.47 $ 258.26 ESPP
Shares purchased
1 1 1 Weighted average price per share
$ 139.19 $ 148.76 $ 107.48 Weighted average grant-date fair value per share
$ 67.65 $ 64.87 $ 38.51 As
 of  January  31,  2021,  there  was  $3.17  billion  of  aggregate  unearned  stock-based  compensation  expense,  net  of  forfeitures.  This  amount  isexpected to be recognized over a weighte
d average period of 2.5 years for RSUs, PSUs, and market-based PSUs, and 0.9 years for ESPP.The fair value of shares issued under our ESPP hav
e been estimated with the following assumptions: 
Year Ended  
January 31, 2021
January 26, 2020
January 27, 2019
(Using the Black-Scholes model)
ESPP
Weighted average expected life (in years)
0.1-2.0 0.1-2.0 0.1-2.0 Risk-free interest rate
0.1%-1.6% 1.5%-2.6% 1.6%-2.8% Volatility
26%-89% 30%-82% 24%-75% Dividend yield
0.1%-0.3% 0.3%-0.4% 0.3%-0.4% For ESPP shares, the expected term represents the average term from the first
 day of the offering period to the purchase date. The risk-free interestrate
 assumption  used  to  value  ESPP  shares  is  based  upon  observed  interest  rates  on  Treasury  bills  appropriate  for  the  expected  term.  Ourexpected
 stock price volatility assumption for ESPP is estimated using historical volatility. For awards granted, we use the dividend yield at grantdate.
 Our RSU, PSU, and market-based PSU awards are not eligible for cash dividends prior to vesting; therefore, the fair values of RSUs, PSUs,and market-based PSUs are discounted for the divide
nd yield.61
Table of ContentsNVIDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Continued)
Additionally,
 for  RSU,  PSU,  and  market-based  PSU  awards,  we  estimate  forfeitures  semi-annually  and  revise  the  estimates  of  forfeiture  insubsequent periods if actual forfeitures differ from those estimates. Forfeitures are estimated based on historical ex
perience.Equity Incentive Program
We
 grant or have granted stock options, RSUs, PSUs, market-based PSUs, and stock purchase rights under the following equity incentive plans. Inaddition,
 in connection with our acquisitions of various companies, we have assumed the stock-based awards granted under their stock incentiveplans and substituted them with our RSUs.
Amended and Restated 2007 Equity Incentive Plan
In 2007, our shareholders approved the NVIDIA Corp
oration 2007 Equity Incentive Plan, as most recently amended and restated, the 2007 Plan.The
 2007  Plan  authorizes  the  issuance  of  incentive  stock  options,  non-statutory  stock  options,  restricted  stock,  restricted  stock  units,  stockappreciation
 rights, performance stock awards, performance cash awards, and other stock-based awards to employees, directors and consultants.Only
 our employees may receive incentive stock options. As of January 31, 2021, up to 244 million shares of our common stock could be issuedpursuant
 to stock awards granted under the 2007 Plan, of which 2 million shares were issuable upon the exercise of outstanding stock options. Alloptions
 are fully vested, the last of which will expire by May 2024 if not exercised. Currently, we grant RSUs, PSUs and market-based PSUs underthe 2007 Plan, under which, as of January 31, 202
1, there were 37 million shares available for future issuance.Subject
 to certain exceptions, RSUs and PSUs granted to employees either vest (A) over a four-year period, subject to continued service, with 25%vesting on a
 pre-determined date that is close to the anniversary of the date of grant and 6.25% vesting quarterly thereafter, or (B) over a three-yearperiod,
 subject  to  continued  service,  with  40%  vesting  on  a  pre-determined  date  that  is  close  to  the  anniversary  of  the  date  of  grant  and  7.5%vesting
 quarterly thereafter. Market-based PSUs vest 100% on approximately the three-year anniversary of the date of grant. However, the numberof
 shares subject to both PSUs and market-based PSUs that are eligible to vest is generally determined by the Compensation Committee based onachievement of pre-determined criteria.
Amended and Restated 2012 Employee Stock Purcha
se PlanIn 2012, our shareholders approved the 201
2 Employee Stock Purchase Plan, as most recently amended and restated, the 2012 Plan.Employees
 who participate may have up to 10% of their earnings withheld to the purchase of shares of common stock. Starting in March 2021,employees
 who participate may have up to 15% of their earnings withheld to purchase shares of common stock. The Board may decrease thispercentage
 at its discretion. Each offering period is approximately 24 months, which is generally divided into four purchase periods of six months.The
 price of common stock purchased under our 2012 Plan will be equal to 85% of the lower of the fair market value of the common stock on thecommencement
 date of each offering period and the fair market value on each purchase date within the offering. As of January 31, 2021, we had60 million shares reserved for future issuance under the 201
2 Plan.62
Table of ContentsNVIDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Continued)
Equity Award Activity
The following is a summary of our equity award transactions und
er our equity incentive plans: RSUs, PSUs and Market-based
 PSUs Outstanding 
Number of Shares Weighted Average Grant-DateFair Value
(In millions, except years and per share data)
Balances, January 26, 2020
14 $ 176.72 Granted
9 $ 307.25 Vested restricted stock
(7) $ 159.35 Canceled and forfeited
(1) $ 193.83 Balances, January 31, 2021
15 $ 264.69 Vested and expected to vest after January 31, 2021
14 $ 264.13 As
 of  January  31,  2021  and  January  26,  2020,  there  were  37  million  and  29  million  shares,  respectively,  of  common  stock  reserved  for  futureissuance under our equi
ty incentive plans. As
 of January 31, 2021, the total intrinsic value of options currently exercisable and outstanding was $1.20 billion, with an average exercise price of$14.40
 per  share  and  an  average  remaining  term  of  1.7  years.  The  total  intrinsic  value  of  options  exercised  was  $521  million,  $84  million,  and$180 million for fiscal years 2021, 2020, and 2
019, respectively. Upon the exercise of an option, we issue new shares of stock.The
 total  fair  value  of  RSUs  and  PSUs,  as  of  their  respective  vesting  dates,  during  the  years  ended  January  31,  2021,  January  26,  2020,  andJanuary 27, 2019, was $2.67 billio
n, $1.45 billion, and $2.62 billion, respectively.Note 5 - Net Income Per Share
The following is a reconciliati
on of the denominator of the basic and diluted net income per share computations for the periods presented: 
Year Ended  
January 31, 2021
January 26, 2020
January 27, 2019
 
(In millions, except per share data) Numerator:
   Net income
$ 4,332 $ 2,796 $ 4,141 Denominator:
   Basic weighted average shares
617 609 608 Dilutive impact of outstanding equity awards
11 9 17 Diluted weighted average 
shares628 618 625 Net income per share:
   Basic (1)
$ 7.02 $ 4.59 $ 6.81 Diluted (2)
$ 6.90 $ 4.52 $ 6.63 Equity
 awards  excluded  from  diluted  net  income  per  share  because  their  effect  wouldhave been anti-dilutive
3 11 5 (1)    Calculated as net income divided by basic weighted average shares.
(2)    Calculated as net income divided by diluted weighted average shares.
63
Table of ContentsNVIDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Continued)
Note 6 - Goodwill
We
 changed our reportable segments to "Graphics" and "Compute & Networking" starting with the first quarter of fiscal year 2021, as discussed inNote
 17 of these Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. As a result, our reporting units also changed, and we reassigned the goodwillbalance
 to the new reporting units based on their relative fair values. Comparative periods presented reflect this change. We determined there wasno
 goodwill impairment immediately prior to the reorganization. As of January 31, 2021, the total carrying amount of goodwill was $4.19 billion andthe
 amount of goodwill allocated to our Graphics and Compute & Networking reporting units was $347 million and $3.85 billion, respectively. As ofJanuary
 26, 2020, the total carrying amount of goodwill was $618 million and the amount of goodwill allocated to our Graphics and Compute &Networking
 reporting units was $347 million and $271 million, respectively. Goodwill increased by $3.57 billion in fiscal year 2021 due to goodwill of$3.43
 billion arising from the Mellanox acquisition, and goodwill of $143 million from other acquisition activities, all of which were allocated to theCompute
 & Networking reporting unit. During the fourth quarters of fiscal years 2021, 2020, and 2019, we completed our annual impairment testsand concluded that goodwi
ll was not impaired in any of these years.Note 7 - Amortizable Intangible Assets
The components of our amortizable intangibl
e assets are as follows: 
January 31, 2021 January 26, 2020  
GrossCarrying
Amount
Accumulated Amortization
Net  Carrying 
Amount
GrossCarrying
Amount
Accumulated Amortization
Net  Carrying 
Amount
 
(In millions) (In millions) Acquisition-related in
tangibleassets (1)
$ 3,280 $ (774) $ 2,506 $ 195 $ (192) $ 3 Patents and licensed 
technology706 (475) 231 520 (474) 46 Total intangible assets
$ 3,986 $ (1,249) $ 2,737 $ 715 $ (666) $ 49 (1)
    As of January 31, 2021, acquisition-related intangible assets include the fair value of a Mellanox IPR&D project of $630 million, which has not been amortized. Once theproject
 reaches technological feasibility, we will begin to amortize the intangible asset over its estimated useful life. Refer to Note 2  of these Notes to the ConsolidatedFinancial Statements for further details.
Amortization
 expense  associated  with  intangible  assets  for  fiscal  years  2021,  2020,  and  2019  was  $612  million,  $25  million,  and  $29million,
 respectively. Future amortization expense related to the net carrying amount of intangible assets as of January 31, 2021 is estimated to be$548 million in fiscal
 year 2022, $545 million in fiscal year 2023, $423 million in fiscal year 2024, $367 million in fiscal year 2025, $97 million in fiscalyear 2026, and $757 million in fisca
l year 2027 and thereafter.Note 8 - Cash Equivalents and Marketable Securities
Our cash equivalents and marketable securities relate
d to debt securities are classified as “available-for-sale” debt securities.64
Table of ContentsNVIDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Continued)
The following is a summary of cash equivalents an
d marketable securities as of January 31, 2021 and January 26, 2020: 
January 31, 2021 Amortized 
Cost
Unrealized Gain
Unrealized Loss
Estimated Fair Value
Reported as 
CashEquivalents
MarketableSecurities
 
(In millions) Corporate debt securities
$ 4,442 $ 2 $— $ 4,444 $ 234 $ 4,210 Debt securities issued by United
States government agencies
2,975 1 — 2,976 28 2,948 Debt securities issued by the United
States Treasury
2,846 — — 2,846 25 2,821 Certificates of deposit
705 — — 705 37 668 Money market funds
313 — — 313 313 — Foreign government bonds
67 — — 67 67 Total
$ 11,348 $ 3 $— $ 11,351 $ 637 $ 10,714  
January 26, 2020 Amortized 
Cost
Unrealized Gain
Unrealized Loss
Estimated Fair Value
Reported as 
CashEquivalents
MarketableSecurities
 
(In millions) Money market funds
$ 7,507 $ — $ — $ 7,507 $ 7,507 $ — Debt securities issued by the United
States Treasury
1,358 — — 1,358 1,358 — Debt securities issued by United
States government agencies
1,096 — — 1,096 1,096 — Corporate debt securities
592 — — 592 592 — Foreign government bonds
200 — — 200 200 — Certificates of deposit
27 — — 27 27 — Asset-backed securities
1 — — 1 — 1 Total
$ 10,781 $ — $ — $ 10,781 $ 10,780 $ 1 Net realized gains and unreal
ized gains and losses were not significant for all periods presented.The amortized
 cost and estimated fair value of cash equivalents and marketable securities as of January 31, 2021 and January 26, 2020 are shownbelow by contractual maturity.
 
January 31, 2021 January 26, 2020  
Amortized Cost
Estimated Fair Value
Amortized Cost
Estimated Fair Value
 
(In millions) Less than one year
$ 10,782 $ 10,783 $ 10,781 $ 10,781 Due in 1 - 5 years
566 568 — — Total
$ 11,348 $ 11,351 $ 10,781 $ 10,781 65
Table of ContentsNVIDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Continued)
Note 9 - Fair Value of Financial Assets and Liabilities
The
 fair values of our financial assets and liabilities are determined using quoted market prices of identical assets or quoted market prices of similarassets from active markets. We review fair value hierarchy classification on a quarterly basis.
Fair Value at
Pricing Category
January 31, 2021 January 26, 2020 (In millions)
Assets
Cash equivalents and ma
rketable securities:Money market funds
Level 1 $ 313 $ 7,507 Corporate debt securities
Level 2 $ 4,444 $ 592 Debt securities issued by United States government ag
enciesLevel 2 $ 2,976 $ 1,096 Debt securities issued by the United States Treasury
Level 2 $ 2,846 $ 1,358 Certificates of deposit
Level 2 $ 705 $ 27 Foreign government bonds
Level 2 $ 67 $ 200 Asset-backed securities
Level 2 $ — $ 1 Other asset:
Investment in non-affiliated entities (1)
Level 3 $ 144 $ 77 Liabilities
2.20% Notes Due 2021 (2)
Level 2 $ 1,011 $ 1,006 3.20% Notes Due 2026 (2)
Level 2 $ 1,124 $ 1,065 2.85% Notes Due 2030 (2)
Level 2 $ 1,654 $ — 3.50% Notes Due 2040 (2)
Level 2 $ 1,152 $ — 3.50% Notes Due 2050 (2)
Level 2 $ 2,308 $ — 3.70% Notes Due 2060 (2)
Level 2 $ 602 $ — (1)
Investment in private non-affiliate d entities is recorded at fair value on a non-recurring basis only if an impairment or observable price adjustment occurs in the period withchanges in fair value recorded through net income. The amount recorded as of January 31, 2021 has not been
 significant.(2)
    These liabilities are carried on our Consolidated Balance Sheets at their original issuance value, net of unamortized  debt discount and issuance costs, and are notmarked to fair value each period. Refer to Note 12 of these Notes to 
the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.66
Table of ContentsNVIDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Continued)
Note 10 - Balance Sheet Components
Certain balance sheet components are as foll
ows: 
January 31, 2021
January 26, 2020
(In millions)
Inventories:
Raw materials
$ 632 $ 249 Work in-process
457 265 Finished goods
737 465 Total inventories
$ 1,826 $ 979  
January 31, 2021
January 26, 2020
Estimated Useful Life
(In millions)
(In years) Property and Equipment:
Land
$ 218 $ 218 (A) Building
341 340 25-30 Test equipment
782 532 3-5 Computer equipment and software
1,187 908 3-5 Leasehold improvements
385 293 (B) Office furniture and equipment
86 74 5 Construction in process
558 320 (C) Total property and equipment, gross
3,557 2,685  Accumulated depreciation
 and amortization(1,408) (1,011)  Total property and equipment, net
$ 2,149 $ 1,674  (A)
Land is a non-depreciable asset. (B)
Leasehold improvements and finance leases are amortized based on the lesser of either the asset’s estimated useful life or the expected lease term.(C)
Construction in process represents assets that are not available for their intended use as of the balance shee t date.Depreciation expense for fiscal years 2021, 20
20, and 2019 was $486 million, $355 million, and $233 million, respectively.Accumulat
ed amortization of leasehold improvements and finance leases was $223 million and $216 million as of January 31, 2021 and January 26,2020, respectively.
 
January 31, 2021
January 26, 2020
Other assets:
(In millions) Advanced consideration 
for acquisition$ 1,357 $ — Prepaid royalties
440 1 Investment in non-affiliated entities
144 77 Deposits
136 8 Other
67 32 Total other assets
$ 2,144 $ 118 67
Table of ContentsNVIDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Continued)
 
January 31, 2021
January 26, 2020
(In millions)
Accrued and Other Current Liabilities:
Customer program accruals
$ 630 $ 462 Accrued payroll and 
related expenses297 185 Deferred revenue (1)
288 141 Licenses and royalties
128 66 Operating leases
121 91 Coupon interest on deb
t obligations74 20 Taxes payable
61 61 Product warranty and return provisions
39 24 Professional service fees
26 18 Other
61 29 Total accrued and other current liabilities
$ 1,725 $ 1,097 (1)
Deferred revenue primarily includes customer advances and deferrals related to license and development arrangements and PCS.  
January 31, 2021
January 26, 2020
(In millions)
Other Long-Term Liabilities:
Income tax payable (1)
$ 836 $ 528 Deferred income tax
241 29 Deferred revenue (2)
163 60 Licenses payable
56 110 Employee benefits
33 22 Other
46 26 Total other long-term liabilities
$ 1,375 $ 775 (1)
As  of January 31, 2021, income tax payable represents the long-term portion of the one-time transition tax payable of $284 million, long-term portion of the unrecognizedtax benefits of $352 million, related interest and penalties of $43 million, and other foreign long-term tax payable of $157 million.
(2)
Deferred revenue primarily includes deferrals related to PCS. Deferred Revenue
The following table shows the cha
nges in deferred revenue during fiscal years 2021 and 2020. 
January 31, 2021
January 26, 2020
(In millions)
Balance at beginning of pe
riod$ 201 $ 138 Deferred revenue added
 during the period536 334 Addition due to business
 combinations75 — Revenue recognized during 
the period(361) (271) Balance at end of period
$ 451 $ 201 68
Table of ContentsNVIDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Continued)
Revenue
 related to remaining performance obligations represents the remaining contracted license, development arrangements and PCS that hasnot
 been  recognized.  This  includes  related  deferred  revenue  currently  recorded  and  amounts  that  will  be  invoiced  in  future  periods.  As  ofJanuary
 31, 2021, the amount of our remaining performance that has not been recognized as revenue was $683 million, of which we expect torecognize
 approximately 44% as revenue over the next twelve months and the remainder thereafter. This amount excludes the value of remainingperformance obligations for contracts with an original ex
pected length of one year or less.Note 11 - Derivative Financial Instruments
We
 enter into foreign currency forward contracts to mitigate the impact of foreign currency exchange rate movements on our operating expenses.These contracts are
 designated as cash flow hedges for hedge accounting treatment. Gains or losses on the contracts are recorded in accumulatedother
 comprehensive  income  or  loss  and  reclassified  to  operating  expense  when  the  related  operating  expenses  are  recognized  in  earnings  orineffectiveness should occur. The fair value of the contracts was not signific
ant as of January 31, 2021 and January 26, 2020.We
 enter into foreign currency forward contracts to mitigate the impact of foreign currency movements on monetary assets and liabilities that aredenominated
 in  currencies  other  than  U.S.  dollar.  These  forward  contracts  were  not  designated  for  hedge  accounting  treatment.  Therefore,  thechange
 in fair value of these contracts is recorded in other income or expense and offsets the change in fair value of the hedged foreign currencydenominated monetary assets and liabi
lities, which is also recorded in other income or expense.The table below presents the notiona
l value of our foreign currency forward contracts outstanding as of January 31, 2021 and January 26, 2020:January 31, 
2021
January 26, 2020
 
(In millions) Designated as cash flow hedges
$ 840 $ 428 Not designated for hedge accounting
$ 441 $ 287 As
 of January 31, 2021, all designated foreign currency forward contracts mature within eighteen months. The expected realized gains and lossesdeferred
 into accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) related to foreign currency forward contracts within the next twelve months was notsignificant.
During
 fiscal  years  2021  and  2020,  the  impact  of  derivative  financial  instruments  designated  for  hedge  accounting  treatment  on  othercomprehensive income or loss was not
 significant and all such instruments were determined to be highly effective. Therefore, there were no gains orlosses associated with ineffectiveness.
Note 12 - Debt
Long-Term Debt
In
 March 2020, we issued $1.50 billion of the 2.85% Notes Due 2030, $1.00 billion of the 3.50% Notes Due 2040, $2.00 billion of the 3.50% NotesDue
 2050, and $500 million of the 3.70% Notes Due 2060, or collectively, the March 2020 Notes. Interest on the March 2020 Notes is payable onApril 1
 and October 1 of each year, beginning on October 1, 2020. Upon 30 days' notice to holders of the Notes, we may redeem the Notes for cashprior
 to  maturity,  at  redemption  prices  that  include  accrued  and  unpaid  interest,  if  any,  and  a  make-whole  premium.  However,  no  make-wholepremium will be paid for redemptions of
 the Notes Due 2030 on or after January 1, 2030, the Notes Due 2040 on or after October 1, 2039, the NotesDue
 2050 on or after October 1, 2049, or the Notes Due 2060 on or after October 1, 2059. The net proceeds from the March 2020 Notes were$4.97 billion, after deducting debt disc
ount and issuance costs.In
 September  2016,  we  issued  $1.00  billion  of  the  2.20%  Notes  Due  2021,  and  $1.00  billion  of  the  3.20%  Notes  Due  2026,  or  collectively,  theSeptember
 2016 Notes. Interest on the September 2016 Notes is payable on March 16 and September 16 of each year. Upon 30 days' notice toholders of
 the Notes, we may redeem the Notes for cash prior to maturity, at redemption prices that include accrued and unpaid interest, if any, anda
 make-whole premium. However, no make-whole premium will be paid for redemptions of the Notes Due 2021 on or after August 16, 2021, or forredemptio
ns of the Notes Due 2026 on or after June 16, 2026. The net proceeds from the September 2016 Notes were $1.98 billion, after deductingdebt discount and issuance costs.
69
Table of ContentsNVIDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Continued)
Both the September 2016 Notes
 and the March 2020 Notes, or collectively, the Notes, are our unsecured senior obligations and rank equally in rightof
 payment with all existing and future unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness. The Notes are structurally subordinated to the liabilities of oursubsidiaries
 and are effectively subordinated to any secured indebtedness to the extent of the value of the assets securing such indebtedness. Allexisting and future liabilities of our subsi
diaries will be effectively senior to the Notes.The carrying value of the Notes and the associated interest rates were as foll
ows: 
 Expected Remaining Term (years)
 Effective Interest Rate
 January 31, 2021
January 26, 2020
 
     (In millions) 2.20% Notes Due 2021
 0.6  2.38%  $1,000 $ 1,000 3.20% Notes Due 2026
 5.6  3.31%  1,000 1,000 2.85% Notes Due 2030
9.2 2.93% 1,500 — 3.50% Notes Due 2040
19.2 3.54% 1,000 — 3.50% Notes Due 2050
29.2 3.54% 2,000 — 3.70% Notes Due 2060
39.2 3.73% 500 — Unamortized debt discount and issuanc
e costs     (37) (9) Net carrying amount
     6,963 1,991 Less short-term portion
(999) — Total long-term portion
$ 5,964 $ 1,991 As of January 31, 2021, we were in compliance with the req
uired covenants under the Notes.Credit Facilities
We
 have  a  Credit  Agreement  under  which  we  may  borrow  up  to  $575  million  for  general  corporate  purposes  and  can  obtain  revolving  loancommitments
 up to $425 million. As of January 31, 2021, we had not borrowed any amounts and were in compliance with the required covenantsunder this agreement. The Credit Agreement expires October 2021.
We
 have  a  $575  million  commercial  paper  program  to  support  general  corporate  purposes.  As  of  January  31,  2021,  we  had  not  issued  anycommercial paper.
Note 13 - Commitments and Contingencies
Purchase Obligations
As
 of January 31, 2021, we had outstanding inventory purchase obligations totaling $2.54 billion, which are expected to occur over the next 12months, and other purchase obligations totali
ng $317 million, which are primarily expected to occur over the next 18 months.Accrual for Product Warranty Liabilities
The estimated amount of product warranty liabilities was $2
2 million and $15 million as of January 31, 2021 and January 26, 2020, respectively.In
 connection with certain agreements that we have entered in the past, we have provided indemnities to cover the indemnified party for matterssuch
 as  tax,  product,  and  employee  liabilities.  We  have  included  intellectual  property  indemnification  provisions  in  our  technology  relatedagreements
 with  third  parties.  Maximum  potential  future  payments  cannot  be  estimated  because  many  of  these  agreements  do  not  have  amaximum stated liability. We have not recorded any liabil
ity for such indemnifications.Litigation
Securities Class Action and Derivative L
awsuitsThe
 plaintiffs in the putative securities class action lawsuit, captioned 4:18-cv-07669-HSG, initially filed on December 21, 2018 in the United StatesDistrict Court for the Northern District of California, and titled In Re NVIDIA Corporation
70
Table of ContentsNVIDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Continued)
Securities
 Litigation, filed an amended complaint on May 13, 2020. The amended complaint asserts that NVIDIA and certain NVIDIA executivesviolated
 Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act, and SEC Rule 10b-5, by making materially falseor
 misleading  statements  related  to  channel  inventory  and  the  impact  of  cryptocurrency  mining  on  GPU  demand  between  May  10,  2017  andNovember
 14, 2018. Plaintiffs also allege that the NVIDIA executives who they named as defendants violated Section 20(a) of the Exchange Act.Plaintiffs seek class certification, an
 award of unspecified compensatory damages, an award of reasonable costs and expenses, including attorneys’fees and expert fees, and further relief as the Court may deem just and proper. On June 29, 2020, NVIDIA moved to dismiss the amende
d complainton
 the basis that plaintiffs failed to state any claims for violations of the securities laws by NVIDIA or the individual defendants. As of September 14,2020, the motion was fully briefed but the Court has not yet issued a decis
ion.The
 putative  derivative  lawsuit  pending  in  the  United  States  District  Court  for  the  Northern  District  of  California,  captioned  4:19-cv-00341-HSG,initially
 filed January 18, 2019 and titled In re NVIDIA Corporation Consolidated Derivative Litigation, remains stayed pending resolution of NVIDIA’smotion
 to dismiss the complaint in the In Re NVIDIA Corporation Securities Litigation action. The lawsuit asserts claims for breach of fiduciary duty,unjust
 enrichment, waste of corporate assets, and violations of Sections 14(a), 10(b), and 20(a) of the Exchange Act based on the dissemination ofallegedly
 false and misleading statements related to channel inventory and the impact of cryptocurrency mining on GPU demand. The plaintiffs areseeking unspecified damag
es and other relief, including reforms and improvements to NVIDIA’s corporate governance and internal procedures.The
 putative derivative actions initially filed September 24, 2019 and pending in the United States District Court for the District of Delaware, Lipchitzv.
 Huang, et al. (Case No. 1:19-cv-01795-UNA) and Nelson v. Huang, et. al. (Case No. 1:19-cv-01798- UNA), remain stayed pending resolution ofNVIDIA’s
 motion  to dismiss the complaint  in the In Re NVIDIA Corporation  Securities  Litigation  action.  The lawsuits  assert claims  for  breach offiduciary
 duty, unjust enrichment, insider trading, misappropriation of information, corporate waste and violations of Sections 14(a), 10(b), and 20(a)of
 the  Exchange  Act  based  on  the  dissemination  of  allegedly  false,  and  misleading  statements  related  to  channel  inventory  and  the  impact  ofcryptocurrency
 mining on GPU demand. The plaintiffs seek unspecified damages and other relief, including disgorgement of profits from the sale ofNVIDIA stock and unspecified corporate governa
nce measures.It
 is  possible  that  additional  suits  will  be  filed,  or  allegations  received  from  shareholders,  with  respect  to  these  same  or  other  matters,  namingNVIDIA and/or its officers and directors as defendants.
Accounting for Loss Contingencies
As
 of January 31, 2021, we have not recorded any accrual for contingent liabilities associated with the legal proceedings described above based onour belief
 that liabilities, while possible, are not probable. Further, except as specifically described above, any possible loss or range of loss in thesematters cannot be reasonably estimat
ed at this time. We are engaged in legal actions not described above arising in the ordinary course of businessand,
 while there can be no assurance of favorable outcomes, we believe that the ultimate outcome of these actions will not have a material adverseeffect on our operating results, liquidity or financial pos
ition.71
Table of ContentsNVIDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Continued)
Note 14 - Income Taxes
The income tax expense (benefit) applicab
le to income before income taxes consists of the following: 
Year Ended  
January 31, 2021
January 26, 2020
January 27, 2019
 
(In millions) Current income taxes:
   Federal
$ 197 $ 65 $ 1 State
1 4 — Foreign
161 87 69 Total current
359 156 70 Deferred taxes:
   Federal
(246) 2 (315) Foreign
(36) 16 — Total deferred
(282) 18 (315) Income tax expense (benefit)
$ 77 $ 174 $ (245) Income before income tax consists of the following:
 
Year Ended  
January 31, 2021
January 26, 2020
January 27, 2019
 
(In millions) Domestic
$ 1,437 $ 620 $ 1,843 Foreign
2,972 2,350 2,053 Income before income tax
$ 4,409 $ 2,970 $ 3,896 The
 income tax expense (benefit) differs from the amount computed by applying the U.S. federal statutory rate of 21% to income before incometaxes as follows:
 
Year Ended  
January 31, 2021
January 26, 2020
January 27, 2019
 
(In millions) Tax expense computed at federal statutory rate
$ 926 $ 624 $ 818 Expense (benefit) resulting from:
State income taxes, net of federal tax effect
10 12 23 Foreign tax rate differential
(561) (301) (412) U.S. federal R&D tax credit
(173) (110) (141) Stock-based compensation
(136) (60) (191) Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017
— — (368) Other
11 9 26 Income tax expense (benefit)
$ 77 $ 174 $ (245) 72
Table of ContentsNVIDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Continued)
The tax effect of temporary differences that gives rise to significant portions of the deferred tax assets and liabilities are pres
ented below:  
January 31, 2021
January 26, 2020
 
(In millions) Deferred tax assets:
 GILTI deferred tax assets
$ 709 $ 428 Research and other tax credit carryforwards
650 605 Operating lease liabilities
120 114 Net operating loss carryforwards
100 62 Accruals and reserves, not currently deductible for tax purposes
59 39 Stock-based compensation
36 28 Property, equipmen
t and intangible assets32 12 Gross deferred tax assets
1,706 1,288 Less valuation allowance
(728) (621) Total deferred tax assets
978 667 Deferred tax liabilities:
  Acquired intangibles
(191) (1) Unremitted earnings of foreign subsidiaries
(111) (40) Operating lease assets
(111) (107) Gross deferred tax liabilities
(413) (148) Net deferred tax asset (1)
$ 565 $ 519 (1)
 Net deferred tax asset includes long-term deferred tax assets of $806 million and $548 million and long-term deferred tax liabilities of $241 million and $29 million for fiscalyears 2021 and 2020, respectively. Long-term deferred tax liabilities are included in other long-term liabilities on our Consolidated Balance Sheets.
We
 recognized an income tax expense of $77 million and $174 million for fiscal years 2021 and 2020, respectively, and income tax benefit of $245million
 for  fiscal  year  2019.  Our  annual  effective  tax  rate  was  1.7%,  5.9%,  and  (6.3)%  for  fiscal  years  2021,  2020,  and  2019,  respectively.  Thedecrease
 in our effective tax rate in fiscal year 2021 as compared to fiscal year 2020 was primarily due to a decrease in the proportional amount ofearnings
 subject to United States tax and an increase of tax benefits from stock-based compensation. The increase in our effective tax rate in fiscalyear
 2021 and fiscal year 2020 as compared to fiscal year 2019 was primarily due to an absence of tax benefits related to the enactment of theTCJA and a decrease of tax benefits from stock-based compensation.
Our
 effective tax rate for fiscal years 2021, 2020, and 2019 was lower than the U.S. federal statutory rate of 21% due primarily to income earned injurisdictions,
 including  the  British  Virgin  Islands,  Israel  and  Hong  Kong,  where  the  tax  rate  was  lower  than  the  U.S.  federal  statutory  tax  rate,recognition
 of U.S. federal research tax credits, excess tax benefits related to stock-based compensation, and the finalization of the enactment-dateincome tax effects of the TCJA in 2019.
During
 the second quarter of fiscal year 2021, we completed the acquisition of Mellanox. As a result of the acquisition, we recorded $256 million ofnet
 deferred tax liabilities primarily on the excess of book basis over the tax basis of the acquired intangible assets and undistributed earnings incertain
 foreign subsidiaries. We also recorded $153 million of long-term tax liabilities related to tax basis differences in Mellanox. The net deferredtax
 liabilities and long-term tax liabilities are based upon certain assumptions underlying our purchase price allocation. As a result of the acquisition,as
 of January 31, 2021, we intend to indefinitely reinvest approximately $1.16 billion of cumulative undistributed earnings held by Mellanox non-U.S.subsidiaries.
 We have not provided the amount of unrecognized deferred tax liabilities for temporary differences related to investments in Mellanoxnon-U.S. subsidiaries as the determination of such amou
nt is not practicable.As
 of January 31, 2021 and January 26, 2020, we had a valuation allowance of $728 million and $621 million, respectively, related to state andcertain
 foreign deferred tax assets that management determined not likely to be realized due, in part, to jurisdictional projections of future taxableincome. To the extent realization of the deferred tax
73
Table of ContentsNVIDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Continued)
assets becomes more-likely-than-not, we would recogniz
e such deferred tax asset as an income tax benefit during the period.As
 of  January  31,  2021,  we  had  federal,  state  and  foreign  net  operating  loss  carryforwards  of  $333  million,  $308  million  and  $344  million,respectively.
 The  federal  and  state  carryforwards  will  begin  to  expire  in  fiscal  year  2023  and  2022,  respectively.  The  foreign  net  operating  losscarryforwards
 of $344 million may be carried forward indefinitely. As of January 31, 2021, we had federal research tax credit carryforwards of $238million
 that  will  begin  to  expire  in  fiscal  year  2035.  We  have  state  research  tax  credit  carryforwards  of  $987  million,  of  which  $944  million  isattributable
 to the State of California and may be carried over indefinitely, and $43 million is attributable to various other states and will begin toexpire
 in  fiscal  year  2022.  Our  tax  attributes,  net  operating  loss  and  tax  credit  carryforwards,  remain  subject  to  audit  and  may  be  adjusted  forchanges
 or modification in tax laws, other authoritative interpretations thereof, or other facts and circumstances. Utilization of federal, state, andforeign
 net operating losses and tax credit carryforwards may also be subject to limitations due to ownership changes and other limitations providedby
 the Internal Revenue Code and similar state and foreign tax provisions. If any such limitations apply, the federal, state, or foreign net operatingloss and tax credit carryforwards, as applicable, may expire or be denie
d before utilization.As
 of  January  31,  2021,  we  had  $776  million  of  gross  unrecognized  tax  benefits,  of  which  $606  million  would  affect  our  effective  tax  rate  ifrecognized. However,
 $132 million of the unrecognized tax benefits were related to state income tax positions taken, that, if recognized, would be inthe
 form of a carryforward deferred tax asset that would likely attract a full valuation allowance. The $606 million of unrecognized tax benefits as ofJanuary 31,
 2021 consisted of $352 million recorded in non-current income taxes payable, $5 million recorded in current income taxes payable, and$249 million reflected as a reduction to the related d
eferred tax assets.A reconciliation of gross unrecognize
d tax benefits is as follows: 
January 31, 2021
January 26, 2020
January 27, 2019
 
(In millions) Balance at beginning of pe
riod$ 583 $ 477 $ 447 Increases in tax positions for current year
158 104 129 Increases in tax positions for prior years (1)
60 7 52 Decreases in tax positions for prior years
(11) — (141) Settlements
(5) — — Lapse in statute of limitations
(9) (5) (10) Balance at end of period
$ 776 $ 583 $ 477 (1) The fiscal year 2021 balance represents prior year gross unrecognized tax benefits recorded as a result of the Mellanox acquisition.
We
 classify an unrecognized tax benefit as a current liability, or amount refundable, to the extent that we anticipate payment or receipt of cash forincome
 taxes within one year. The amount is classified as a long-term liability, or reduction of long-term deferred tax assets or amount refundable ifwe anticipate payment or receipt of cash for income taxes during a period b
eyond a year.Our
 policy is to include interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits as a component of income tax expense. As of January 31, 2021,January
 26, 2020, and January 27, 2019, we had accrued $44 million, $31 million, and $21 million, respectively, for the payment of interest andpenalties
 related to unrecognized tax benefits, which is not included as a component of our unrecognized tax benefits. As of January 31, 2021,unrecogn
ized tax benefits of $352 million and the related interest and penalties of $43 million are included in non-current income taxes payable, andunrecognized tax benefits of $5 million a
nd the related interest and penalties of $1 million are included in current income taxes payable.While
 we  believe  that  we  have  adequately  provided  for  all  tax  positions,  amounts  asserted  by  tax  authorities  could  be  greater  or  less  than  ouraccrued
 position. Accordingly, our provisions on federal, state and foreign tax-related matters to be recorded in the future may change as revisedestimates
 are made or the underlying matters are settled or otherwise resolved. As of January 31, 2021, we do not believe that our estimates, asotherwise provided for, on such tax positions will si
gnificantly increase or decrease within the next twelve months.74
Table of ContentsNVIDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Continued)
We are subject to taxation by taxing authorities both in the United States and other countries. As of January 31, 2021, the significant tax jurisdictions
that
 may be subject to examination include the United States, Hong Kong, Taiwan, China, United Kingdom, Germany, Israel, and India for fiscalyears
 2005 through 2020. As of January 31, 2021, the significant tax jurisdictions for which we are currently under examination include the UnitedStates, United Kingdom, Germany, Israel and India, for fiscal years 2005 through 201
9.Note 15 - Shareholders’ Equity
Capital Return Program
Beginning August 200
4, our Board of Directors authorized us to repurchase our stock.Through
 January 31, 2021, we have repurchased an aggregate of 260 million shares under our share repurchase program for a total cost of $7.08billion.
 All shares delivered from these repurchases have been placed into treasury stock. As of January 31, 2021, we are authorized, subject tocertain specifications, to repurchase shares of our common stock up to $7.24 billi
on through December 2022.During fiscal year 2021, we paid $39
5 million in cash dividends to our shareholders.Note 16 - Employee Retirement Plans
We
 provide tax-qualified defined contribution plans to eligible employees in the U.S. and certain other countries. Our contribution expense for fiscalyears 2021, 2020, and 2019 was $12
0 million, $76 million, and $70 million, respectively.Note 17 - Segment Information 
Our
 Chief Executive Officer, who is considered to be our chief operating decision maker, or CODM, reviews financial information presented on anoperating
 segment  basis  for  purposes  of  making  decisions  and  assessing  financial  performance.  In  the  prior  fiscal  year,  we  had  reported  twooperating
 segments: GPU and Tegra Processor. During the first quarter of fiscal year 2021, we changed our operating segments to be consistentwith
 the  revised  manner  in  which  our  CODM  reviews  our  financial  performance  and  allocates  resources.  The  two  new  operating  segments  are"Graphics"
 and  "Compute  &  Networking".  Comparative  periods  presented  reflect  this  change.  Our  operating  segments  are  equivalent  to  ourreportable segments.
Our
 Graphics segment includes GeForce GPUs for gaming and PCs, the GeForce NOW game streaming service and related infrastructure, andsolutions
 for gaming platforms; Quadro/NVIDIA RTX GPUs for enterprise design; GRID software for cloud-based visual and virtual computing; andautomotive
 platforms for infotainment systems. Our Compute & Networking segment includes Data Center platforms and systems for AI, HPC, andaccelerated
 computing; Mellanox networking and interconnect solutions; automotive AI Cockpit, autonomous driving development agreements, andautonomous vehicle solutions; an
d Jetson for robotics and other embedded platforms.Operating
 results by segment include costs or expenses that are directly attributable to each segment, and costs or expenses that are leveragedacross our unified architecture and therefore allocated b
etween our two segments.The “All Other” category
 includes the expenses that our CODM does not assign to either Graphics or Compute & Networking for purposes of makingoperating
 decisions or assessing financial performance. The expenses include stock-based compensation expense, corporate infrastructure andsupport costs, acquisition-related costs, legal settlement
 costs, and other non-recurring charges and benefits that our CODM deems to be enterprisein nature.
Our
 CODM does not review any information regarding total assets on a reportable segment basis. Depreciation and amortization expense directlyattributable
 to each reportable segment is included in operating results for each segment. However, the CODM does not evaluate depreciation andamortization
 expense  by  operating  segment  and,  therefore,  it  is  not  separately  presented.  There  is  no  intersegment  revenue.  The  accountingpolicies
 for  segment  reporting  are  the  same  as  for  our  consolidated  financial  statements.  The  table  below  presents  details  of  our  reportablesegments and the “All Other” category.
75
Table of ContentsNVIDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Continued)
 
Graphics Compute &Networking
All Other Consolidated (In millions)
Year Ended January 31, 2021:
    Revenue
$ 9,834 $ 6,841 $ — $ 16,675 Operating income (loss)
$ 4,612 $ 2,548 $ (2,628) $ 4,532 Year Ended January 26, 2020:
    Revenue
$ 7,639 $ 3,279 $ — $ 10,918 Operating income (loss)
$ 3,267 $ 751 $ (1,172) $ 2,846 Year Ended January 27, 2019:
    Revenue
$ 8,159 $ 3,557 $ — $ 11,716 Operating income (loss)
$ 3,417 $ 1,251 $ (864) $ 3,804 Year Ended
January 31, 
2021
January 26, 2020
January 27, 2019
(In millions)
Reconciling items included in "All Other" category:
Stock-based compensation expense
$ (1,397) $ (844) $ (557) Acquisition-related intangi
ble asset amortization(591) (6) (6) Unallocated cost of revenue and operati
ng expenses(357) (283) (261) Acquisition-related inventory step-up charge
(161) — — Acquisition-related and other costs
(84) (25) 4 IP-related costs
(38) (14) (35) Legal settlement costs
— — (9) Total
$ (2,628) $ (1,172) $ (864) Revenue
 by  geographic  region  is  allocated  to  individual  countries  based  on  the  location  to  which  the  products  are  initially  billed  even  if  ourcustomers’ revenue
 is attributable to end customers that are located in a different location. The following table summarizes information pertaining toour revenue from customers based on the invoicing address by ge
ographic regions:  
Year Ended  
January 31, 2021
January 26, 2020
January 27, 2019
Revenue:
(In millions) Taiwan
$ 4,531 $ 3,025 $ 3,360 China (including Hong Kong)
3,886 2,731 2,801 United States
3,214 886 1,506 Other Asia Pacific
3,093 2,685 2,368 Europe
1,118 992 914 Other countries
833 599 767 Total revenue
$ 16,675 $ 10,918 $ 11,716 76
Table of ContentsNVIDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Continued)
The following table summarizes information pertai
ning to our revenue by each of the specialized markets we serve: 
Year Ended  
January 31, 2021
January 26, 2020
January 27, 2019
Revenue:
(In millions) Gaming
$ 7,759 $ 5,518 $ 6,246 Professional Visualization
1,053 1,212 1,130 Data Center
6,696 2,983 2,932 Automotive
536 700 641 OEM & Other
631 505 767 Total revenue
$ 16,675 $ 10,918 $ 11,716 The
 following  table  presents  summarized  information  for  long-lived  assets  by  geographic  region.  Long-lived  assets  consist  of  property  andequipment and exclude other assets, operatin
g lease assets, goodwill, and intangible assets. 
January 31, 2021
January 26, 2020
Long-lived assets:
(In millions) United States
$ 1,643 $ 1,451 Taiwan
183 114 Israel
147 — China (including Hong Kong)
71 28 India
64 51 Europe
34 28 Other countries
7 2 Total long-lived assets
$ 2,149 $ 1,674 No
 customer represented 10% or more of total revenue for fiscal years 2021 and 2019. One customer represented 11% of our total revenue forfiscal year 2020 and was attributable primarily to the Graphics segme
nt.One customer represented 16% and 21% of our accounts receivable b
alance as of January 31, 2021 and January 26, 2020, respectively.77
Table of ContentsNVIDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
SCHEDULE II – VALUATION AND QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS
Description
Balance at Beginning of
Period
Additions  Deductions  Balance at End of Period
 
(In millions) Fiscal year 2021
      Allowance for doubtful accounts
$ 2 $2 (1)$ — (1)$ 4 Sales return allowance
$ 9 $30 (2)$ (22) (4) $ 17 Deferred tax valuation allowance
$ 621 $ 107 (3) $ — $ 728 Fiscal year 2020
      Allowance for doubtful accounts
$ 2 $— (1)$ — (1)$ 2 Sales return allowance
$ 8 $18 (2)$ (17) (4) $ 9 Deferred tax valuation allowance
$ 562 $ 59 (3)$ — $ 621 Fiscal year 2019
      Allowance for doubtful accounts
$ 4 $— (1)$ (2) (1)$ 2 Sales return allowance
$ 9 $21 (2)$ (22) (4) $ 8 Deferred tax valuation allowance
$ 469 $ 93 (3)$ — $ 562 (1)
Additions  represent allowance for doubtful accounts charged to expense and deductions represent amounts recorded as reduction to expense upon reassessment ofallowance for doubtful accounts at period end.
(2)
Represents allowance for sales returns estimated at the time revenue is recognized primarily based on historical return rates and is charged as a reduction to revenue. (3)
Represents change in valuation allowance prim arily related to state and certain foreign deferred tax assets that management has determined not likely to be realized due,in
 part, to projections of future taxable income of the respective jurisdictions. Refer to Note 14 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part IV, Item 15 ofthis Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information.
(4)
Represents sales returns. 78
Table of ContentsEXHIBIT INDEX
Incorporated by Reference
Exhibit No.
Exhibit Description Schedule/Form File Number Exhibit Filing Date 2.1
Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated March 10, 2019, by and among NVIDIA Corporation, NVIDIA
International Holdings Inc., Mellanox Tech
nologiesLtd. 
and Teal Barvaz Ltd.8-K0-23985 2.1 3/11/2019 2.2^
Share Purchase Agreement, dated September 13, 2020, by and among NV
IDIA, NVIDIA Holdings,Arm, SoftBank, and Vision Fund
8-K0-23985 2.1 9/14/2020 3.1
Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation S-8 333-74905 4.1 3/23/1999 3.2
Certificate of Amendment of Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation
10-Q0-23985 3.1 8/21/2008 3.3
Certificate of Amendment of Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation
8-K0-23985 3.1 5/24/2011 3.4
Bylaws of NVIDIA Corporation, Amended and Restated as of November 29, 2016
8-K0-23985 3.1 12/1/2016 4.1
Reference is made to Exhibits 3.1, 3.2, 3.3 and 3.4 4.2
Specimen Stock Certificate S-1/A 333-47495 4.2 4/24/1998 4.3
Indenture,  dated as of September 16, 2016, by andbetween
 the  Company  and  Wells  Fargo  Bank,National Association, as Trustee
8-K0-23985 4.1 9/16/2016 4.4
Officers’ Certificate, dated as of  September 16, 20168-K 0-23985 4.2 9/16/2016 4.5
Form of 2021 Note 8-K 0-23985 Annex A to Exhibit 4.2
9/16/20164.6
Form of 2026 Note 8-K 0-23985 Annex B to Exhibit 4.2
9/16/20164.7*
Description of Securities 4.8
Officers’ Certificate, dated as of March 31, 2020 8-K 0-23985 4.2 3/31/2020 4.9
Form of 2030 Note 8-K 0-23985 Annex A-1 to Exhibit 4.2
3/31/20204.10
Form of 20 4 0 Note8-K 0-23985 Annex B-1 to Exhibit 4.2
3/31/20204.11
Form of 20 5 0 Note8-K 0-23985 Annex C-1 to Exhibit 4.2
3/31/20204.12
Form of 20 6 0 Note8-K 0-23985 Annex D-1 to Exhibit 4.2
3/31/202010.1
Form  of  Indemnity  Agreement  between  NVIDIACorporation and each of its directors and officers
8-K0-23985 10.1 3/7/2006 10.2+
Amended and Restated 2007  Equity Incentive Plan8-K 0-23985 10.1 6/15/2020 10.3+
2007 Equity Incentive Plan - Non-Statutory Stock Option (Annual Grant - Board Service (2011))
10-Q0-23985 10.41 5/27/2011 10.4+
2007 Equity Incentive Plan - Non-Statutory Stock Option (Initial Grant - Board Service (2011))
8-K0-23985 10.1 12/14/2011 10.5+
Amended and Restated 2007 Eq uity Incentive Plan -Non-Employee Director Stock Option Grant (2012
Annual Board Retainer)
10-Q0-23985 10.4 5/23/2012 10.6+
2007  Equity  Incentive  Plan  -  Non  Statutory  StockOption
8-K0-23985 10.20 9/13/2010 79
Table of Contents10.7+
2007 Equity Incentive Plan - Incentive Stock Option 8-K 0-23985 10.21 9/13/2010 10.8+
Amended and Restated 2007 Eq uity Incentive Plan - NonStatutory Stock Option
10-Q0-23985 10.1 8/22/2012 10.9+
Amended and Restated 2007 Eq uity Incentive Plan -Incentive Stock Option
10-Q0-23985 10.2 8/22/2012 10.10+
Amended and Restated 2007 Eq uity Incentive Plan - Non-Employee Director Restricted Stock Unit (with deferral
option)
10-Q0-23985 10.3 5/23/2012 10.11+
Amended and Restated 2007 Eq uity Incentive Plan - NonStatutory Stock Option (Initial Grant - Board Service)
8-K0-23985 10.1 7/23/2013 10.12+
Amended and Restated 2007 Eq uity Incentive Plan - Non-Employee Director Deferred Restricted Stock Unit Grant
Notice and Deferred Restricted Stock Unit Agreement
(2015)
10-K0-23985 10.25 3/12/2015 10.13+
Amended and Restated 2007 Eq uity Incentive Plan - Non-Employee Director Deferred Restricted Stock Unit Grant
Notice and Deferred Restricted Stock Unit Agreement
(2016)
10-K0-23985 10.26 3/12/2015 10.14+
Amended and Restated 2007 Eq uity Incentive Plan - Non-Employee Director Restricted Stock Unit Grant Notice and
Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (2016)
10-K0-23985 10.27 3/12/2015 10.15+
Amended and Restated 2007 Eq uity Incentive Plan -Restricted Stock Unit Grant Notice and Restricted Stock
Unit Agreement & Performance-Based Restricted Stock
Unit Grant Notice and Performance-Based Restricted Stock
Unit Agreement 
(2015)10-Q0-23985 10.2 5/20/2015 10.16+
Amended and Restated 2007 Eq uity Incentive Plan -Restricted Stock Unit Grant Notice and Restricted Stock
Unit Agreement & Performance-Based Restricted Stock
Unit Grant Notice and Performance-Based Restricted Stock
Unit Agreement 
(2018)10-Q0-23985 10.2 5/22/2018 10.17+
Amended and Restated 2007 Eq uity Incentive Plan - GlobalRestricted Stock Unit Grant Notice and Global Restricted
Stock Unit Agreement (2019)
10-K0-23985 10.19 2/21/2019 10.18+
Amended and Restated 2007 Eq uity Incentive Plan - GlobalPerformance-Based Restricted Stock Unit Grant Notice and
Performance-Based Restricted Stock Unit Agreement
(2019)
8-K0-23985 10.1 3/11/2019 10.19+
Amended and Restated 2007 Eq uity Incentive Plan – GlobalRestricted Stock Unit Grant Notice and Global Restricted
Stock Unit Agreement (2020)
10-Q0-23985 10.2 5/21/2020 10.20+
Amended and Restated 2012 Empl oyee Stock PurchasePlan
8-K0-23985 10.2 6/15/2020 10.21+
Fiscal Year 2020 Variable  Compensation Plan8-K 0-23985 10.1 3/11/2019 10.22+
Fiscal Year 2021 Variable  Compensation Plan8-K 0-23985 10.1 3/10/2020 10.23+
Offer  Letter  between  NVIDIA  Corporation  and  ColetteKress, dated September 13, 2013
8-K0-23985 10.1 9/16/2013 10.24+
Offer Letter between NVIDIA Corporation and Tim Teter, dated December 16, 2016
8-K0-23985 10.1 1/19/2017 10.25+
Offer Let ter between NVIDIA Corporation and DonaldRobertson, dated May 21, 2019
8-K0-23985 10.1 6/17/2019 80
Table of Contents10.26
Credit Agreement, dated as of October 7, 2016 by and among NVIDIA Corporation, Wells Fargo Bank, Nation
alAssociation, as administrative agent, and the len
ders partythereto
8-K0-23985 1.1 10/13/2016 10.27
Form of Commercial Paper Dealer Agreement between NVIDIA Corporation, as Issuer, and the Dealer party
thereto
8-K0-23985 10.1 12/15/2017 21.1*
List of Registrant's Subsidiaries 23.1*
Consent of Pricewa terhouseCoopers LLP24.1*
Power of Attorney (included in signature pag e)31.1*
Certification of Chief Executive Officer as required by Rule 13a-1 4(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 193431.2*
Certification of Chief Financial Officer as required by Rul e 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 193432.1#*
Certification of Chief Executive Officer as required by Rule 13a-1 4(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 193432.2#*
Certification of Chief Financial Officer as required by Rul e 13a-14(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934101.INS*
XBRL Instance Document 101.SCH*
XBRL Taxonomy Extension  Schema Document101.CAL*
XBRL Taxonomy Extension  Calculation Linkbase Document101.DEF*
XBRL Taxonomy Extension  Definition Linkbase Document101.LAB*
XBRL Taxonomy Extension  Labels Linkbase Document101.PRE*
XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentatio n Linkbase Document104
XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentatio n Linkbase Document* 
 Filed herewith.+  Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement.
#
 In accordance with Item 601(b)(32)(ii) of Regulation S-K and SEC Release Nos. 33-8238 and 34-47986, Final Rule: Management's Reports onInternal
 Control Over Financial Reporting and Certification of Disclosure in Exchange Act Periodic Reports, the certifications furnished in Exhibits32.1
 and 32.2 hereto are deemed to accompany this Annual Report on Form 10-K and will not be deemed “filed” for purpose of Section 18 of theExchange
 Act. Such certifications will not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act,except to the extent that the registrant specifically incorporates it by reference.
^ Certain exhibits and schedules h
ave been omitted in accordance with Regulation S-K Item 601(a)(5).Copies of above exhibits not contain
ed herein are available to any shareholder upon written request to:Investor Relations: NVIDIA Corporation, 2788 San Tomas Ex
pressway, Santa Clara, CA 95051ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY
Not Applicable.
81
Table of ContentsSIGNATURES
Pursuant to
 the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signedon its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto du
ly authorized, on February 26, 2021.NVIDIA Corporation
By:
/s/  Jen-Hsun Huang  
Jen-Hsun Huang  
President and Chief Executive Officer POWER OF ATTORNEY
KNOW
 ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Jen-Hsun Huang andColette
 M. Kress, and each or any one of them, his true and lawful attorney-in-fact and agent, with full power of substitution and resubstitution, forhim
 and in his name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign any and all amendments to this report, and to file the same, with all exhibitsthereto,
 and  other  documents  in  connection  therewith,  with  the  Securities  and  Exchange  Commission,  granting  unto  said  attorneys-in-facts  andagents, and each of them,
 full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in connectiontherewith,
 as fully to all intents and purposes as he might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact andagents, or any of them, or their or his substitutes or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof.
Pursuant
 to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of theregistrant and in the capacities and on the dates in
dicated.82
Table of ContentsSignature
Title Date /s/ JEN-HSUN HUANG 
President, Chief Executive Officer and Director (Principal Executive Officer)
February 26, 2021 Jen-Hsun Huang
 /s/ COLETTE M. KRESS 
Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer)
February 26, 2021 Colette M. Kress
 /s/ DONALD ROBERTSON
Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer (Principal Accounting Officer)
February 26, 2021 Donald Robertson
/s/ ROBERT BURGESS
Director February 26, 2021 Robert Burgess
/s/ TENCH COXE  
Director February 26, 2021 Tench Coxe 
 /s/ JOHN O. DABIRI
Director February 26, 2021 John O. Dabiri
 /s/ PERSIS DRELL
Director February 26, 2021 Persis Drell
/s/ DAWN HUDSON
Director February 26, 2021 Dawn Hudson
/s/ HARVEY C. JONES 
Director February 26, 2021 Harvey C. Jones
 /s/ MICHAEL MCCAFFERY
Director February 26, 2021 Michael McCaffery
/s/ STEPHEN C. NEAL
Director February 26, 2021 Stephen C. Neal
/s/ MARK L. PERRY 
Director February 26, 2021 Mark L. Perry 
 /s/ A. BROOKE SEAWELL
Director February 26, 2021 A. Brooke Seawell 
/s/ AARTI SHAH
Director February 26, 2021 Aarti Shah
/s/ MARK STEVENS
Director February 26, 2021 Mark Stevens 
 83
        Exhibit 4.7DESCRIPTION OF THE REGISTRANT’S SECURITIES
REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF THE SECURITIES
EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
NVIDIA Corporation
 (“we ,” “our,” “us,” or the “Company ”)  has one class of securities registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of1934, as amended (the “
Exchange Act ”): our common stock. DESCRIPTION OF COMMON STOCK
General
The following summary of the terms of our common stock is based upon our amended and restated certificate of incorp
oration and our amendedand restated bylaws. This summary does not purport to be complete and is subject to, and is qu
alified in its entirety by express reference to, theapplicable provisions of our amen
ded and restated certificate of incorporation and our amended and restated bylaws, which are filed as exhibits toour Annual Report on Form 10-K, of which this Exhibit 4.7 is a part, and are incorp
orated by reference herein. We encourage you to read ouramended and restated certificate of incorporation, our amende
d and restated bylaws, and the applicable provisions of the Delaware GeneralCorporation Law (
the “DGCL ”) for more information.Our authorized capital stock consists of 2,000,000,000 shares of common stock, $0.001 par val
ue, and 2,000,000 shares of preferred stock, $0.001par value.
Common Stock
The
 holders of common stock are entitled to one vote for each share held of record on all matters submitted to a vote of the stockholders. Theholders
 of  common  stock  are  not  entitled  to  cumulative  voting  rights  with  respect  to  the  election  of  directors,  and  as  a  consequence,  minoritystockholders
 are  not  able  to  elect  directors  on  the  basis  of  their  votes  alone.  Subject  to  preferences  that  may  be  applicable  to  any  shares  ofpreferred
 stock  currently  outstanding  or issued  in the future,  holders  of common  stock  are entitled  to receive  ratably  such dividends as may bedeclared
 by our board of directors out of funds legally available therefor. In the event of our liquidation, dissolution or winding up, holders of ourcommon
 stock are entitled to share ratably in all assets remaining after payment of liabilities and the liquidation preference of any then outstandingpreferred stock.
 Holders of common stock have no preemptive rights and no right to convert their common stock into any other securities. There areno redemption or sinking fund provisions a
pplicable to the common stock.Anti-Takeover Effects of Provisions of Delaware Law and Our Charter Documents
Certificate of Incorporation
Stockholders have no cumulative voting rig
hts.Our certificate of incorporation also requires that any action required or permitted to be taken by our stockho
lders must be effected at a duly calledannual or special meeting of the stockhold
ers and may not be effected by a consent in writing and that the stockholders may amend our bylaws oradopt new bylaws only by the affirmative vote of 66 2/3% of the outstanding voti
ng securities. A special meeting of the stockholders may be calledby our Chairman, our Chief Executive Officer or a resolution adopted by a majority of the total number of authoriz
ed directors. These provisions mayhave the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a chang
e in control.The lack of cumulative voting could make it more difficult for our existing stockhold
ers to replace our board of directors as well as for another party toobtain control of us by replacing our board of directors. Since our bo
ard of directors has the power to retain and discharge our officers, theseprovisions could also make it more difficult for existing stockhold
ers or another party to effect a change in management.These and other provisions may have the effect of deterring hostile takeovers or delaying changes in control or management. These provisions areintended to enhance the likel
ihood of continued stability in the composition of our board of directors and in the policies of our board of directors andto discourage certain types of transactions that may involve an actual or threatene
d change in control. These provisions are designed to reduce ourvulnerability to an unsolicited ac
quisition proposal. The provisions also are intended to discourage certain tactics that may be used in proxy rights.However, such provisions could have the effect of discoura
ging others from making tender offers for our shares and, as a consequence, suchprovisions also may inhibit fluctuations i
n the market price of our shares that could result from actual or rumored takeover attempts. Such provisionsalso may have the effect of preventing changes in our manageme
nt.Section 203 of the DGCL
We
 are subject to Section 203 of the DGCL, which, subject to certain exceptions, prohibits a Delaware corporation from engaging in a “businesscombination”
 with  any  “interested  stockholder”  for  a  period  of  three  years  following  the  time  that  such  stockholder  became  an  “interestedstockholder,” unless:
•
prior to such time, the board of directors of the corporation approved either the business combination or the transaction that resulted in thestockholder becoming
 an interested holder;•
upon consummation of the transaction that resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder, the interested stockholderowned at least 85% of the voting stock of the corporation outstanding at the time the transaction commenc
ed, excluding for purposes ofdetermining the number of shares outstanding those shares o
wned (a) by persons who are directors and also officers and (b) by employeestock plans in which employee particip
ants do not have the right to determine confidentially whether shares held subject to the plan will betendered in a tender or exchange offer; or
•
at or subsequent to such time, the business combination is approved by the board of directors and authorized at an annual or specialmeeting of stockholders, and not by written consent, by the affirmative vote of at least 66 2/3% of the outstanding voting stock whic
h is notowned by the interested stockholder.
In general, Section 203 of the DGCL defines “busin
ess combination” to include the following:•
any merger or consolidation involving the corporation and the interested stockholder;•
any sale, transfer, pledge or other disposition of 10% or more of the assets of the corporation involving the interested stockholder;•
subject to certain exceptions, any transaction that results in the issuance or transfer by the corporation of any stock of the corporation to theinterested stockholder;
•
any transaction involving the corporation that has the effect of increasing the proportionate share of the stock or any class or series of thecorporation beneficially own
ed by the interested stockholder; or•
the receipt by the interested stockholder of the benefit of any loans, advances, guarantees, pledges or other financial benefits provided by orthrough the corporation.
In
 general, Section 203 of the DGCL defines “interested stockholder” as an entity or person beneficially owning 15% or more of the outstandingvoting stock of the corporation and any entity or person affiliated with or controll
ing or controlled by such entity or person.Certain TransactionsOur bylaws provide that we indemnify our directors and executive officers to the fullest extent permitted by the DGCL a
nd any other applicable law.We are also empowered under our bylaws to indemn
ify other officers, employees and other agents as set forth in the DGCL or any other applicablelaw and to enter into indemnification contracts with our directors an
d executive officers and to purchase insurance on behalf of any person whom weare required or permitted to indemnify.
In addition, our certificate of incorporation provides that the liab
ility of our directors for monetary damages shall be eliminated to the fullest extentpermissible under Delaware la
w. Pursuant to Delaware law, our directors shall not be liable for monetary damages for breach of the directors’fiduciary duty of care to us and our stockholders. However, this provision does n
ot eliminate the duty of care, and in appropriate circumstances,equitable remedies such as inju
nctive or other forms of non-monetary relief that will remain available under Delaware law. In addition, each directorwill continue to be subject to liabi
lity for (1) breach of the director’s duty of loyalty to us or our stockholders, (2) acts or omissions not in good faith orwhich involve intentiona
l misconduct or a knowing violation of law, (3) violating Section 174 of the DGCL, or (4) any transaction from which thedirector derived an improper personal benefit. The provis
ion also does not affect a director’s responsibilities under any other law, such as the federalsecurities laws or state or federal environmental laws.
Transfer Agent and Registrar
Computershare
 is the transfer agent and registrar for our common stock. Computershare’s address is 150 Royall Street, Canton, Massachusetts02021.
Listing
Our common stock is listed on the NASDAQ Global Select Market under the symbol “NVDA”.
EXHIBIT 21.1LIST OF REGISTRANT'S SUBSIDIARIES
Subsidiaries of Registrant (All 100% owned)
Country of Organization Beijing Mellanox Technologies Co
. Ltd.China Cigol Digital Systems Ltd.
Israel Cumulus Networks India LLP
India Cumulus Networks, Inc
United States Ezchip Semiconductor, Inc
United States Icera LLC
United States Icera Semiconductor LLC
United States JAH Venture Holdings, Inc.
United States LPN Facilitator LLC
United States Mellanox Technologies Aust
ralia Pty LtdAustralia Mellanox Technologies B
elfast Ltd. (fka Titan IC Systems Ltd.)UK-Northern I relandMellanox Technologies D
enmark ApS (fka Iptronics A/S)Denmark Mellanox Technologies Dist
ribution, Ltd.Israel Mellanox Technologies India
 Private LimitedIndia Mellanox Technologies Japan K
.KJapan Mellanox Technologies S
ilicon Photonics, Inc. (fka Kotura, Inc.)United States Mellanox Technologies Singapore
 Pte. Ltd. (Singapore)
Singapore Mellanox Technologies S
weden AB (fka OptiGOT AB)Sweden Mellanox Technologies TLV L
td. (fka Voltaire, Ltd.)
Israel Mellanox Technologies UK Holdings
 Ltd.United Kingdom Mellanox Technologies UK L
td. (fka Voltaire (UK) Ltd.)
United Kingdom Mellanox Technologies Ukraine
 LLCUkraine Mellanox Technologies, Inc
United States Mellanox Technologies, Ltd
Israel NVIDIA (BVI) Holdings Limited
Virgin Islands, British NVIDIA ARC GmbH
Germany NVIDIA Brasil Compu
tação Visual LimitadaBrazil NVIDIA Bulgaria EO
ODBulgaria NVIDIA Corporation
United States NV Computing Mexico S de R L de CV
Mexico NVIDIA Development France SAS
France NVIDIA Development UK Limited
United Kingdom NVIDIA Development, Inc.
Canada NVIDIA Dutch B.V.
Netherlands NVIDIA Entertainment Devices (Shanghai) Co., Ltd
China NVIDIA FZ-LLC
United Arab Emira tesNVIDIA GK
Japan NVIDIA Global Ltd
Virgin Islands, British NVIDIA GmbH
Germany NVIDIA Graphics Holding Company
Mauritius EXHIBIT 21.1LIST OF REGISTRANT'S SUBSIDIARIES
NVIDIA Graphics Private Limited
India NVIDIA Hong Kong Developmen
t LimitedHong Kong NVIDIA Hong Kong Holdings Li
mitedHong Kong NVIDIA International Holdings Inc.
United States NVIDIA International, Inc.
Cayman Islands NVIDIA Israel Ltd.
Israel NVIDIA Italy S.r.l.
Italy NVIDIA Ltd.
United Kingdom NVIDIA Poland sp.z o.o
Poland NVIDIA Pty Limited
Australia NVIDIA Saudi Limited
Saudi Arabia NVIDIA Semiconductor (Shenzhen) Co., Ltd.
China NVIDIA Semiconducto
r Holding CompanyMauritius NVIDIA Semiconducto
r Shenzhen Holding CompanyMauritius NVIDIA Semiconductor Technical Service (Sh
anghai) Co., Ltd.China NVIDIA Semiconductor Technology (Bei
jing) Co., Ltd.China NVIDIA Semiconductor Technology (Sha
nghai) Co., Ltd.China NVIDIA Singapore Developmen
t Pte. Ltd.Singapore NVIDIA Singapore Pte
 LtdSingapore NVIDIA Switzerland AG
Switzerland NVIDIA Technical Service (Beijin
g) Co., Ltd.China NVIDIA Technology UK Limited
United Kingdom NVIDIA, Helsinki Oy
Finland SwiftStack, Inc
United States VC Worldwide Ltd.
Virgin Islands, British EXHIBIT 23.1CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED P
UBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRMWe hereby consent to the in
corporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-3 (No. 333-237390) and Form S‑ 8 (Nos. 333-74905, 333-51520,333-74868, 333-100010, 333-106191, 333-114375, 333-123933, 333-132493, 333-140021, 333-143953, 333-181625, 333-185036, 333-188775, 333-196259, 333-
211615, 333-229774, 333-237833, 333-239164, and 333-249570) of NVIDIA Corporation of our r
eport dated February 26, 2021 relating to the financialstatements and financ
ial statement schedule and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, which appears in this Form 10‑ K.San Jose, California
February 26, 2021
  EXHIBIT 31.1CERTIFICATION
 
I, Jen-Hsun Huang, certify that:
 
1.  I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of NVIDIA Corporation;
2.
  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to makethe
 statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered bythis report;
 
3.
  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects thefinancial condition, results of operations a
nd cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
4. 
 The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined inExchange
 Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:  
(a)
 designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, toensure that material information relati
ng to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities,particularly during the period in whic
h this report is being prepared;(b)
 designed  such  internal  control  over  financial  reporting,  or  caused  such  internal  control  over  financial  reporting  to  be  designed  under  oursupervision,
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for externalpurposes in accordance
 with generally accepted accounting principles;(c)
 evaluated  the  effectiveness  of  the  registrant's  disclosure  controls  and  procedures  and  presented  in  this  report  our  conclusions  about  theeffectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the perio
d covered by this report based on such evaluation; and(d)
 disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recentfiscal
 quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materiallyaffect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and
5.
  The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, tothe registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equiva
lent functions):  (a)
 all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonablylikely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial informatio
n; and(b)
 any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal controlover financial reporting.
Date:  February 26, 2021
 
 
/s/ JEN-HSUN HUANG
Jen-Hsun Huang        
President and Chief Executive Officer 
EXHIBIT 31.2 
CERTIFICATION
 
I, Colette M. Kress, certify that:
1.  I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of NVIDIA Corporation;
 
2.
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to makethe
 statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered bythis report;
 
3.
  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects thefinancial condition, results of operations a
nd cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
4. 
 The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined inExchange
 Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:  
(a)
 designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, toensure that material information relati
ng to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities,particularly during the period in whic
h this report is being prepared;(b)
 designed  such  internal  control  over  financial  reporting,  or  caused  such  internal  control  over  financial  reporting  to  be  designed  under  oursupervision,
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for externalpurposes in accordance
 with generally accepted accounting principles;(c)
 evaluated  the  effectiveness  of  the  registrant's  disclosure  controls  and  procedures  and  presented  in  this  report  our  conclusions  about  theeffectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the perio
d covered by this report based on such evaluation; and(d)
 disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recentfiscal
 quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materiallyaffect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and
5.
  The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, tothe registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equiva
lent functions): 
(a)
 all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonablylikely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial informatio
n; and(b)
 any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal controlover financial reporting.
 Date:  February 26, 2021
 
/s/ COLETTE M. KRESS 
Colette M. Kress
Executive Vice President and Chi
ef Financial OfficerEXHIBIT 32.1 
CERTIFICATION 
 
Pursuant
 to the requirement set forth in Rule 13a-14(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”), and Section1350 of
 Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States Code (18 U.S.C. § 1350), Jen-Hsun Huang, the President and Chief Executive Officer of NVIDIACorporation (the “Company”), hereby certifies that, to the best of his knowledge:
1.
  The Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended January 31, 2021, to which this Certification is attached as Exhibit 32.1 (the“Periodic Report”), fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 1
5(d) of the Exchange Act; and2.
  The information contained in the Periodic Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition of the Company at the end of theperiod covered by the Periodic Report and resu
lts of operations of the Company for the period covered by the Periodic Report.Date:  February 26, 2021
 
 
/s/ JEN-HSUN HUANG
Jen-Hsun Huang    
President and Chief Executive Officer
 
 
A
 signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 of 18 U.S.C. § 1350 has been provided to NVIDIA Corporation and will beretained by NVIDIA Corporation and furnishe
d to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.  
This certificatio
n accompanies the Form 10-K to which it relates, is not deemed filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and is not tobe
 incorporated by reference into any filing of the Company under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act (whether madebefore or after the date of the Form 10-K), irrespective of any general incorporation languag
e contained in such filing.EXHIBIT 32.2 
CERTIFICATION
 
Pursuant
 to the requirement set forth in Rule 13a-14(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”), and Section1350 of
 Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States Code (18 U.S.C. § 1350), Colette M. Kress, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officerof NVIDIA Corporation (the “Company”), hereby certifies that, to the best of her knowledge:
1.
 The Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended January 31, 2021, to which this Certification is attached as Exhibit 32.2 (the“Periodic Report”), fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 1
5(d) of the Exchange Act; and2.
 The information contained in the Periodic Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition of the Company at the end of theperiod covered by the Periodic Report and resu
lts of operations of the Company for the period covered by the Periodic Report.Date:  February 26, 2021
 
/s/ COLETTE M. KRESS 
Colette M. Kress
Executive Vice President and Chi
ef Financial Officer   
 
A
 signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 of 18 U.S.C. § 1350 has been provided to NVIDIA Corporation and will beretained by NVIDIA Corporation and furnishe
d to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.  
This certificatio
n accompanies the Form 10-K to which it relates, is not deemed filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and is not tobe
 incorporated by reference into any filing of the Company under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act (whether madebefore or after the date of the Form 10-K), irrespective of any general incorporation languag
e contained in such filing.