Table of ContentsUNITED STATES
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
Washington, D.C. 20549
____________________________________________________________________________________________
FORM 10-K
☒
ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934    
For the fiscal year ended January 30, 2022OR
☐
TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934Commission file number: 0-23985
 
 NVIDIA CORPORATION
(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)
Delaware
94-3177549 (State or other jurisdiction of
(I.R.S. Employer Incorporation or Organization)
Identification No.) 2788 San Tomas Expressway
Santa Clara, California 95051
(408) 486-2000
(Address, including zip code, and telephone number, inc
luding area code, of principal executive offices)Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:
Title of each class
Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered Common Stock, $0.001
 par value per shareNVDA The Nasdaq Global Select  MarketSecurities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:
None
Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act.
    Yes ☒  No ☐Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13
 or Section 15(d) of the Act.    Yes ☐  No ☒Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
 Act of 1934 during the preceding 12months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such 
filing requirements for the past 90 days.    Yes ☒  No☐
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T
(§232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files).  
  Yes ☒  No ☐Indicate
 by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growthcompany. See definitions of “large accelerated filer”, “accelerated filer”, “smaller reporting company”, and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.
Large accelerated filer
☒ Accelerated filer ☐ Non-accelerated filer ☐ Smaller reportingcompany
☐ Emerging growthcompany
☐ If
 an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financialaccounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act
.    ☐ Indicate
 by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management’s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financialreporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
☒ Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act).  
  Yes ☐  No ☒ The aggregate market value of the voting stock held by non-affiliates of the
 registrant as of July 30, 2021 was approximately $467.25 billion (based on the closing sales price ofthe
 registrant's common stock as reported by the Nasdaq Global Select Market on July 30, 2021). This calculation excludes 99 million shares held by directors and executiveofficers
 of the registrant. This calculation does not exclude shares held by such organizations whose ownership exceeds 5% of the registrant's outstanding common stock thathave represented to the registrant that they are registered investment advisers or investment companies registered under section 8 of the
 Investment Company Act of 1940.The number of shares of common stock outstanding as of March 11, 2022 was 2.51
 billion.DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE
Portions
 of the registrant's Proxy Statement for its 2022 Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Regulation 14Anot
 later than 120 days after the end of the fiscal year covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K are incorporated by reference into Part III, Items 10-14 of this AnnualReport on Form 10-K.
Table of ContentsNVIDIA CORPORATION
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
 Page  
 PART I
  
Item 1.
 Business
 4 
Item 1A.
 Risk Factors
 14 
Item 1B.
 Unresolved Staff Comments
 27 
Item 2.
 Properties
 27 
Item 3.
 Legal Proceedings
 27 
Item 4.
Mine Safety Disclosures  28 
 PART II
  
Item 5.
 Market
 for  Registrant’s  Common  Equity,  Related  Stockholder  Matters  and  Issuer  Purchases  of  EquitySecurities
 28 
Item 6.
 (Reserved)
29  
Item 7.
 Management’s Discussion and An
alysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 30 
Item 7A.
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures Ab
out Market Risk 40 
Item 8.
 Financial Statements
 and Supplementary Data 41 
Item 9.
 Changes in and Disagreeme
nts With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 41 
Item 9A.
 Controls and Procedures
 41 
Item 9B.
Other Info rmation 41Item 9C.
Disclosure Regarding Foreig n Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections42  
 PART III
  
Item 10.
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance
 42 
Item 11.
 Executive Compensation
 42 
Item 12.
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners an
d Management and Related Stockholder Matters42  
Item 13.
 Certain Relationships and R
elated Transactions, and Director Independence43  
Item 14.
 Principal Account
ant  Fees and Services 43 
 PART IV
  
Item 15.
Exhibits, Financial S tatement Schedules 44Item 16.
Form 10-K Summary  83 
Signatures
  842
Table of ContentsWHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION
Investors
 and  others  should  note  that  we  announce  material  financial  information  to  our  investors  using  our  investor  relations  website,  pressreleases,
 SEC  filings  and  public  conference  calls  and  webcasts.  We  also  use  the  following  social  media  channels  as  a  means  of  disclosinginformation
 about the company, our products, our planned financial and other announcements and attendance at upcoming investor and industryconferences, and other matters and for complying with our disclosure obl
igations under Regulation FD:NVIDIA Twitter Account (https://twitter.com/nvidia)
NVIDIA Corporate Blog (http://blogs.nvidia.com)
NVIDIA Facebook Page (https://www.facebook.com/nvidia)
NVIDIA LinkedIn Page (http://www.linkedin.com/compa
ny/nvidia)NVIDIA Instagram Page (https://www.instagram.com/nvidia)
In addition, investors and others can view NVIDIA vide
os on YouTube (https://www.YouTube.com/nvidia).The
 information we post through these social media channels may be deemed material. Accordingly, investors should monitor these accounts andthe
 blog, in addition to following our press releases, SEC filings and public conference calls and webcasts. This list may be updated from time totime.
 The information we post through these channels is not a part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. These channels may be updated from timeto time on NVIDIA's investor relations website.
Forward-Looking Statements
This
 Annual  Report  on  Form  10-K  contains  forward-looking  statements  within  the  meaning  of  Section  27A  of  the  Securities  Act  of  1933,  asamended,
 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, which are subject to the “safe harbor” created by those sections.Forward-looking
 statements are based on our management's beliefs and assumptions and on information currently available to our management. Insome
 cases,  you  can  identify  forward-looking  statements  by  terms  such  as  “may,”  “will,”  “should,”  “could,”  “goal,”  “would,”  “expect,”  “plan,”“anticipate,”
 “believe,”  “estimate,”  “project,”  “predict,”  “potential”  and  similar  expressions  intended  to  identify  forward-looking  statements.  Thesestatements
 involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, which may cause our actual results, performance, time frames orachievements
 to be materially different from any future results, performance, time frames or achievements expressed or implied by the forward-looking
 statements. We discuss many of these risks, uncertainties and other factors in this Annual Report on Form 10-K in greater detail under theheading “Risk Factors.” Given
 these risks, uncertainties and other factors, you should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements.Also,
 these  forward-looking  statements  represent  our  estimates  and  assumptions  only  as  of  the  date  of  this  filing.  You  should  read  this  AnnualReport
 on Form 10-K completely and with the understanding that our actual future results may be materially different from what we expect. Wehereby
 qualify our forward-looking statements by these cautionary statements. Except as required by law, we assume no obligation to update theseforward-looking
 statements publicly, or to update the reasons actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-lookingstatements, even if new information becomes available i
n the future.All references to “NVIDIA,” “we,” “us,” “our” or the “Company” mean NVIDIA Corporation and its subsidiaries.
In addition, statements that
 “we believe” and similar statements reflect our beliefs and opinions on the relevant subject. These statements are basedupon information availabl
e to us as of the filing date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K , and while we believe such information forms a reasonablebasis for such statements, such information may be limited or incomplete, and our statements should not be rea
d to indicate that we have conductedan
 exhaustive inquiry into, or review of, all potentially available relevant information. These statements are inherently uncertain and investors arecautioned not to unduly rely upon these statements.
©
 2022 NVIDIA  Corporation.  All rights  reserved.  NVIDIA,  the NVIDIA  logo, GeForce,  Quadro,  BlueField, CUDA, CUDA-X, GeForce  Experience,GeForce
 GTX,  GeForce  NOW,  GeForce  RTX,  Jetson,  Mellanox,  DOCA,  NGC,  NVIDIA  AGX,  NVIDIA  DGX,  NVIDIA  DRIVE,  NVIDIA  DRIVEConstellation
,  NVIDIA  DRIVE  Hyperion,  NVIDIA  EGX,  NVIDIA  HGX,  NVIDIA  Omniverse, NVIDIA  RTX,  Quadro  RTX,  SHIELD,  and  vGPU  aretrademarks and/or registered trademarks of NVIDIA Corporation and / or its affiliates in the United States and/or other countries. Other company and
product names may be trademarks of
 the respective companies with which they are associated. Features, pricing, availability, and specifications aresubject to change without notice.
3
Table of ContentsPART I
ITEM 1. BUSINESS
Our Company
NVIDIA
 pioneered accelerated computing to help solve the most challenging computational problems. Since our original focus on PC graphics, wehave
 expanded to several other large and important computationally intensive fields. Fueled by the sustained demand for exceptional 3D graphicsand
 the scale of the gaming market, NVIDIA has leveraged its GPU architecture to create platforms for scientific computing, artificial intelligence, orAI, data science, autonomous vehicles, or AV, robotics, and augmente
d and virtual reality, or AR and VR.The
 GPU was initially used to simulate human imagination, enabling the virtual worlds of video games and films. Today, it also simulates humanintelligence,
 enabling a deeper understanding of the physical world. Its parallel processing capabilities, supported by thousands of computing cores,are
 essential to running deep learning algorithms. This form of AI, in which software writes itself by learning from large amounts of data, can serveas the brain of
 computers, robots and self-driving cars that can perceive and understand the world. GPU-powered deep learning is being adopted bythousands of enterprises to deliver services and products that wou
ld have been impossible with traditional coding.NVIDIA
 has a platform strategy, bringing together hardware and systems, software, algorithms and libraries, and services to create unique value forthe
 markets we serve. While the computing requirements of these end markets are diverse, we address them with a unified underlying architectureleveragi
ng our GPUs and software stacks. The programmable nature of our architecture allows us to support several multi-billion-dollar end marketswith
 the same underlying technology by using a variety of software stacks developed either internally or by third party developers and partners. Thelarge and growing number of develo
pers across our platforms strengthens our ecosystem and increases the value of our platform to our customers.Innovation
 is at our core. We have invested over $29 billion in research and development since our inception, yielding inventions that are essentialto
 modern computing. Our invention of the GPU in 1999 defined modern computer graphics and established NVIDIA as the leader in computergraphics.
 With our introduction of the CUDA programming model in 2006, we opened the parallel processing capabilities of our GPU for generalpurpose computing. This approach sign
ificantly accelerates the most demanding high-performance computing, or HPC, applications in fields such asaerospace,
 bio-science research, mechanical and fluid simulations, and energy exploration. Today, our GPUs and networking accelerate many ofthe
 fastest supercomputers across the world. In addition, the massively parallel compute architecture of our GPUs and associated software are wellsuited
 for deep learning and machine learning, powering the era of AI. While traditional CPU-based approaches no longer deliver advances on thepace described by Moore’s Law, we deliv
er GPU performance improvements on a pace ahead of Moore’s Law, giving the industry a path forward.Gamers
 choose  NVIDIA  GPUs  to  enjoy  immersive,  increasingly  cinematic  virtual  worlds.  GPUs  also  help  underpin  the  world’s  fastest  growingspectator
 sport, eSports, which attracts hundreds of millions of viewers to watch top-quality gaming. In addition to serving the growing number ofgamers, the market for gaming GPUs is expanding as a result of the burgeoning po
pulation of live streamers, broadcasters, artists and creators.Researchers
 use our GPUs to accelerate a wide range of important applications, from simulating molecular dynamics to climate forecasting. Withsupport
 for  more  than  2,500  applications  -  including  the  top  15  HPC  applications  -  NVIDIA  GPUs  enable  some  of  the  most  promising  areas  ofdiscovery,
 from  climate  prediction  to  materials  science  and  from  wind  tunnel  simulation  to  genomics.  Including  GPUs  and  networking,  NVIDIApowers over 70%, and 8 of the top 10, supercomputers on the global TOP50
0 list.The
 world’s  leading  cloud  service  providers  and  consumer  internet  companies  use  our  GPUs  to  enable,  accelerate  or  enrich  the  services  theydeliver
 to  billions  of  end-users,  including  search,  recommendations,  social  networking,  online  shopping,  live  video,  translation,  AI  assistants,navigation, and cloud co
mputing.A
 rapidly growing number of enterprises and startups across a broad range of industries use our GPUs and AI software to bring automation to theproducts and
 services they build. The transportation industry is turning to our platforms for autonomous driving; the healthcare industry is leveragingthem for enhanced medical imaging and acc
elerated drug discovery; and the financial services industry is using them for fraud detection.Professio
nal designers use our GPUs and software to create visual effects in movies, and design buildings and products ranging from cell phones tocommercial aircraft.
4
Table of ContentsHeadquartered in Santa Clara, Cal
ifornia, NVIDIA was incorporated in California in April 1993 and reincorporated in Delaware in April 1998.Termination of the Arm Share Purchase Agreement
On
 February  8,  2022,  NVIDIA  and  SoftBank  Group  Corp.,  or  SoftBank,  announced  the  termination  of  the  Share  Purchase  Agreement  wherebyNVIDIA
 would have acquired Arm  Limited,  or  Arm,  from  SoftBank.  The parties  agreed  to terminate  because of  significant  regulatory  challengespreventing
 the completion of the transaction. We intend to record in operating expenses a $1.36 billion charge in the first quarter of fiscal year 2023reflecting the write-off of the prepayment provided at signing in Septemb
er 2020.Our Businesses
We report our business results in two segments.
Our
 Graphics segment includes GeForce GPUs for gaming and PCs, the GeForce NOW game streaming service and related infrastructure, andsolutions
 for  gaming  platforms;  Quadro/NVIDIA  RTX  GPUs  for  enterprise  workstation  graphics;  virtual  GPU,  or  vGPU,  software  for  cloud-basedvisual and virtual computing; automotive platforms for infotainment systems; and Omniverse software for buildi
ng 3D designs and virtual worlds.Our
 Compute & Networking segment includes Data Center platforms and systems for AI, HPC, and accelerated computing; Mellanox networkingand interconnect solution
s; automotive AI Cockpit, autonomous driving development agreements, and autonomous vehicle solutions; cryptocurrencymining processors, or CMP; Jetson for robotics and other embedded platforms; and NVIDIA AI Enterprise and oth
er software.Our Markets
We
 specialize  in  markets  in  which  our  computing  platforms  can  provide  tremendous  acceleration  for  applications.  These  platforms  incorporateprocessors,
 interconnects, software, algorithms, systems, and services to deliver unique value. Our platforms address four large markets where ourexpertise is critical: Gaming, Data Center, Professional Visual
ization, and Automotive.Gaming
Gaming
 is the largest entertainment industry, with PC gaming as the most predominant platform. Many factors propel computer gaming’s growth,includi
ng new high production value games and franchises, the continued rise of competitive gaming or eSports, social connectivity and the demandfor more content from game streamers, modders and creators.
Our
 gaming platforms leverage our GPUs and sophisticated software to enhance the gaming experience with smoother, higher quality graphics. Wedeveloped
 NVIDIA RTX to bring next generation graphics and AI to games. NVIDIA RTX features ray tracing technology for real-time, cinematic-quality
 rendering.  Ray tracing,  which has long  been used for  special  effects  in the  movie  industry,  is a  computationally  intensive  technique  thatsimulates
 the physical behavior of light to achieve greater realism in computer-generated scenes. NVIDIA RTX also features deep learning supersampling, or NVIDIA DLSS, our AI technology that boosts frame rates while gen
erating beautiful, sharp images for games.Our
 products  for  the gaming market  include GeForce  RTX and GeForce GTX GPUs for  gaming desktop  and laptop PCs, GeForce  NOW  cloudgaming
 for playing PC games on underpowered devices, SHIELD for high quality streaming on TV, as well as platforms and development servicesfor specialized console
 gaming devices.Data Center
The NVIDIA computing platform
 is focused on accelerating the most compute-intensive workloads, such as AI, data analytics, graphics and scientificcomputing,
 across hyperscale, cloud, enterprise, public sector, and edge data centers. The platform consists of our energy efficient GPUs, dataprocessing
 units,  or  DPUs,  interconnects  and  systems,  our  CUDA  programming  model,  and  a  growing  body  of  software  libraries,  softwaredevelopment kits, or SDKs, which are both integrated and so
ld standalone, application frameworks and services.In
 the field of AI, NVIDIA’s platform accelerates both deep learning and machine learning workloads. Deep learning is a computer science approachwhere
 neural networks are trained to recognize patterns from massive amounts of data in the form of images, sounds and text - in some instancesbetter
 than humans - and in turn provide predictions in production use cases. Machine learning is a related approach that leverages algorithms aswell
 as data to learn how to make determinations or predictions, and is often used in data science. HPC, also referred to as scientific computing,uses numerical computational approac
hes to solve large and complex problems. For both AI and HPC applications, the5
Table of ContentsNVIDIA accelerated computing platform greatly increases the performance a
nd power efficiency of high-performance computers and data centers.We
 are engaged with thousands of organizations working on AI in a multitude of industries, from automating tasks such as consumer product andservice
 recommendations, to chatbots for the automation of or assistance with live customer interactions, to enabling fraud detection in financialservices,
 to optimizing oil exploration and drilling. These organizations include the world’s leading consumer internet and cloud services companies,enterprises
 and startups seeking to implement AI in transformative ways across multiple industries. We partnered with industry leaders such asAmazon,
 Inc., or Amazon, Alphabet Inc., or Alphabet, International Business Machines Corporation, or IBM, Microsoft  Corporation, or Microsoft,Oracle
 Corporation,  or  Oracle,  SAP  SE,  and  VMware  Inc.  to  bring  AI  to  enterprise  users.  We  also  have  partnerships  in  transportation,  retail,healthcare, and manufacturing, among others, to accelerate the ado
ption of AI.At
 the  foundation  of  the  NVIDIA  accelerated  computing  platform  are  our  GPUs,  which  excel  at  parallel  workloads  such  as  the  training  andinferencing
 of neural networks. They are available in industry standard servers from every major computer maker, including Cisco Systems, Inc., orCisco,
 Dell Technologies Inc., Hewlett Packard Enterprise Company, or HP, Hitachi Vantara, Inspur Group, and Lenovo Group Limited; from everymajor
 cloud service provider such as Alicloud, Amazon Web Services, Baidu Cloud, Google Cloud, IBM Cloud, Microsoft Azure, Oracle Cloud, andTencent
 Cloud; as well as in our DGX AI supercomputer, a purpose-built system for deep learning and GPU accelerated applications. To facilitatecustomer
 adoption,  we  have  also  built  other  ready-to-use  system  reference  designs  around  our  GPUs,  including  HGX  for  hyperscale  andsupercomputing data centers, EGX for enterprise and edge computin
g, and AGX for autonomous machines.Beyond
 GPUs, NVIDIA has expanded its data center processor portfolio to include DPUs, introduced in fiscal year 2021, and CPUs planned to shipin
 early  fiscal  year  2024.  NVIDIA  Bluefield  DPU  is  supported  by  foundational  data-center-infrastructure-on-a-chip  software,  or  DOCA,  that  letsdevelopers
 build software-defined, hardware-accelerated networking, security, storage and management applications for BlueField DPUs. Partnerssupporting
 Bluefield include many of the top security, storage and networking companies. We can optimize across the entire computing, networkingand storage stack to deliver data center-scale computing soluti
ons.While
 our approach starts  with powerful chips, what makes it a full-stack  computing platform is our large body of software,  including the CUDAparallel
 programming model, the CUDA-X collection of application acceleration libraries, Application Programming Interfaces, or APIs, SDKs andtools, and
 domain-specific application frameworks. We also offer the NVIDIA GPU Cloud registry, or NGC, a comprehensive catalog of easy-to-use,optimized softwar
e stacks across a range of domains including scientific computing, deep learning, and machine learning. With NGC, AI developers,researchers
 and  data  scientists  can  get  started  with  the  development  of  AI  and  HPC  applications  and  deploy  them  on  DGX  systems,  NVIDIA-Certified systems from our partners, or with NVIDIA’s cloud partners.
In addition to
 software that is delivered to customers as an integral part of our data center computing platform, we offer enterprise software productson a
 standalone basis as a perpetual license or subscription. Our enterprise software offerings include NVIDIA AI Enterprise, a comprehensive suiteof
 enterprise-grade  AI  software;  NVIDIA  Fleet  Command  software-as-a-service  for  securely  deploying  and  managing  AI  applications  acrossdistributed
 edge infrastructure; NVIDIA Base Command software-as-a-service for managing large-scale, multi-user and multi-team AI developmentworkflows;
 and NVIDIA vGPU software products that enable powerful GPU performance for workloads ranging from graphics-rich virtual desktopsand workstations to data science and AI.
Professional Visualization
We
 serve  the  Professional  Visualization  market  by  working  closely  with  independent  software  vendors,  or  ISVs,  to  optimize  their  offerings  forNVIDIA
 GPUs.  Our  GPU  computing  solutions  enhance  productivity  and  introduce  new  capabilities  for  critical  workflows  in  many  fields,  such  asdesign
 and  manufacturing  and  digital  content  creation.  Design  and  manufacturing  encompass  computer-aided  design,  architectural  design,consumer-products
 manufacturing, medical instrumentation, and aerospace. Digital content creation includes professional video editing and post-production, special effects for films, and broadcast-television graph
ics.The
 NVIDIA  RTX  platform  makes  it  possible  to  render  film-quality,  photorealistic  objects  and  environments  with  physically  accurate  shadows,reflections
 and refractions using ray tracing in real-time. Many leading 3D design and content creation applications developed by our ecosystempartners now support RTX, allowing professio
nals to accelerate and transform their workflows with NVIDIA RTX GPUs and software.6
Table of ContentsDesigners
 who build the products we use every day need the images that they view digitally to mirror reality. This requires simulating the physicalbehavior
 of  light  and  materials,  or  physically-based  rendering.  NVIDIA  Omniverse  is  a  virtual  world  simulation  and  collaboration  platform  for  3Dworkflows that is availabl
e as a software subscription for enterprise use and free for individual use. Omniverse, VR and AR are being incorporated ina
 growing number of enterprise applications. Virtual car showrooms, surgical training, architectural walkthroughs, and bringing historical scenes tolife all deploy these technolo
gies, powered by our GPUs.Automotive
NVIDIA’s
 Automotive market is comprised of cockpit AV platforms, AI cockpit and infotainment solutions, and associated development agreements.Leveraging
 our technology leadership in AI and building on our long-standing automotive relationships, we are delivering a complete end-to-endsolution for
 the AV market under the DRIVE brand. NVIDIA has demonstrated multiple applications of AI within the car: AI can drive the car itself asa pilot in fully autonomous mode or it can also be a co-pi
lot, assisting the human driver while creating a safer driving experience.NVIDIA
 is  working  with  several  hundred  partners  in  the  automotive  ecosystem  including  automakers,  truck  makers,  tier-one  suppliers,  sensormanufacturers,
 automotive research institutions, HD mapping companies, and startups to develop and deploy AI systems for self-driving vehicles.Our
 unified AI computing architecture starts with training deep neural networks using our GPUs, and then running a full perception, planning andcontrol
 stack within the vehicle on the NVIDIA DRIVE Hyperion platform. The DRIVE Hyperion platform consists of the high-performance, energyefficient
 DRIVE  AGX  computing  hardware,  a  reference  sensor  set  that  supports  full  self-driving  capability  as  well  as  an  open,  modular  DRIVESoftware
 platform.  We  recently  announced  for  future  release  the  DRIVE  Software  platform  that  includes  DRIVE  Chauffeur  –  based  on  NVIDIADRIVE
 AV software to enable autonomous driving, mapping and parking services; and Drive Concierge – based on NVIDIA DRIVE IX software forintelligent in-vehicle exp
eriences and NVIDIA Omniverse Avatar software for real time conversational AI capability.NVIDIA
 DRIVE can perceive and understand in real-time what is happening around the vehicle, precisely locate itself on an HD map, and plan asafe
 path  forward.  This  advanced  self-driving  car  platform  combines  deep  learning,  sensor  fusion,  and  surround  vision  to  change  the  drivingexperience. Our DRIVE platform
 scales from a palm-sized, energy-efficient module for automated highway-driving capabilities to a configuration withmultiple
 systems aimed at enabling driverless cars. Our newest system-on-a-chip, or SoC, Orin, which started shipping in fiscal year 2022, enablesvehicles
 to  use deep neural  networks  to  process  data  from  multiple  cameras  and sensors.  It  powers  the  DRIVE  AutoPilot,  NVIDIA’s  automateddriving
 solution, combining the DRIVE AV self-driving solution with the DRIVE IX cockpit software, including a visualization system for allowing thedriver to see what the car sees and plans to do.
In
 addition, we offer a scalable data center-based simulation solution, NVIDIA DRIVE Constellation running DRIVE Sim software, for testing andvalidating
 a self-driving platform before commercial deployment. NVIDIA's unique end-to-end, software-defined approach is designed for continuousinnovation
 and continuous development, enabling cars to receive over-the-air updates to add new features and capabilities throughout the life of avehicle.
Business Strategies
NVIDIA’s key strategies that shape our overall business a
pproach include:Advancing
 the NVIDIA accelerated computing platform. NVIDIA’s  accelerated computing platform can solve complex problems in significantlyless
 time and with lower power consumption than alternative computational approaches. Indeed, it can help solve problems that were previouslydeemed
 unsolvable. We work to deliver continued performance leaps that outpace Moore’s Law by leveraging innovation across the architecture,chip
 design, system, and software layers. With our acquisition of Mellanox, we strengthened our end-to-end expertise in data center architectures,positioning
 us  for  a  future  when  the  data  center  is  the  new  unit  of  computing.  This  full-stack  innovation  approach  allows  us  to  deliver  order-of-magnitude
 performance  advantages  relative  to  legacy  approaches  in  our  target  markets,  which  include  Gaming,  Data  Center,  ProfessionalVisualization,
 and  Automotive.  While  the  computing  requirements  of  these  end  markets  are  diverse,  we  address  them  with  a  unified  underlyingarchitecture
 leveraging our GPUs and CUDA as the fundamental building blocks. The programmable nature of our architecture allows us to makeleveraged
 investments in R&D: we can support several multi-billion-dollar end markets with the same underlying technology by using a variety ofsoftware stacks developed either internally or
 by third party developers and partners. We utilize this platform approach in each of our target markets.Extending
 our technology and platform leadership in AI. We  provide a complete, end-to-end accelerated computing platform for deep learningand
 machine learning, addressing both training and inferencing. This includes GPUs, interconnects, systems, our CUDA programming language,algorithms,
 libraries, and other software. GPUs are uniquely suited to AI, and we will continue to add AI-specific features to our GPU architecture tofurther extend our leadership
7
Table of Contentsposition. Our AI technology leadership is reinforce
d by our large and expanding ecosystem in a virtuous cycle. Our GPU platforms are available fromvirtually
 every  major  server  maker  and  cloud  service  provider,  as  well  as  on  our  own  AI  supercomputer.  There  are  almost  3  million  developersworldwide using CUDA and our other software 
tools to help deploy our technology in our target markets. We evangelize AI through partnerships withhundreds of
 universities and almost 10,000 startups through our Inception program. Additionally, our Deep Learning Institute provides instruction onthe latest techniques on how to design, train, and de
ploy neural networks in applications using our accelerated computing platform.Extending
 our technology and platform leadership in computer graphics. We  believe that computer graphics is fundamental to the continuedexpansion
 and  evolution  of  computing.  We  apply  our  research  and  development  resources  to  enhance  the  user  experience  for  consumerentertainment and professional visualization applications, and create new
 virtual world and simulation capabilities. Our technologies are instrumentalin
 driving gaming forward, as developers leverage our libraries and algorithms to deliver an optimized gaming experience on our GeForce platform.Our
 computer graphics platforms leverage not only our industry-leading GeForce and NVIDIA RTX GPUs, but also optimized software stacks. Forexample,
 GeForce Experience enhances each gamer’s experience by optimizing their PC’s settings, as well as enabling the recording and sharingof
 gameplay. Our Studio drivers enhance and accelerate a number of popular creative applications. Omniverse is real-time 3D design collaborationand
 virtual world simulation software that empowers artists, designers and creators to connect and collaborate in leading design applications. Wealso
 enable interactive graphics applications - such as games, movie and photo editing and design software - to be accessed by almost any device,almost anywhere, through our cloud platforms such as vGPU for enterprise and GeForce NOW for gaming.
Advancing the leading autonomous vehicle platform. 
We believe the advent of AV will soon revol utionize the transportation industry. In our view,AI
 is  the  key  technology  enabler  of  this  opportunity,  as  the  algorithms  required  for  autonomous  driving  -  such  as  perception,  localization,  andplanning
 - are too complex for legacy hand-coded approaches and will run on multiple trained neural networks instead. Therefore, we provide a fullfunctionally
 safe AI-based hardware and software solution for the AV market under the DRIVE brand, which we are bringing to market through ourpartnerships
 with automotive original equipment manufacturers, or OEMs, tier-1 suppliers, and start-ups. Our AV solution also includes the GPU-based
 hardware required to train the neural networks before their in-vehicle deployment, as well as to re-simulate their operation prior to any over-the-air
 software updates. We believe our comprehensive, top-to-bottom and end-to-end approach will enable the transportation industry to solve thecomplex problems arising from the shift to autonomous driving.
Leveraging
 our intellectual property, or IP. We  believe our IP is a valuable asset that can be accessed by our customers and partners throughlicense and development agreements when they
 desire to build such capabilities directly into their own products, or have us do so through a customdevelopment. Such license and d
evelopment arrangements can further enhance the reach of our technology.Sales and Marketing
Our worldwide sales and marketing strategy is key to achievin
g our objective of providing markets with our high-performance and efficient computingplatforms
 and software. Our sales and marketing teams, located across our global markets, work closely with end customers and various industryecosystems
 through  our  partner  network.  Our  partner  network  incorporates  each  industry's  respective  OEMs,  original  device  manufacturers,  orODMs,
 system  builders,  add-in  board  manufacturers,  or  AIBs,  retailers/distributors,  ISVs,  internet  and  cloud  service  providers,  automotivemanufacturers and tier-1 automotive suppliers, mapping compan
ies, start-ups, and other ecosystem participants.Members
 of our sales team have technical expertise and product and industry knowledge. We also employ a team of application engineers andsolution
 architects to assist our partner network in designing, testing, and qualifying system designs that incorporate our platforms. We believe thatthe
 depth  and  quality  of  our  design  support  are  key  to  improving  our  partner  network’s  time-to-market,  maintaining  a  high  level  of  customersatisfaction,
 and fostering relationships that encourage our end customers and partner network to use the next generation of our products withineach platform.
To
 encourage the development of applications optimized for our platforms and software, we seek to establish and maintain strong relationships inthe
 software  development  community.  Engineering  and  marketing  personnel  engage  with  key  software  developers  to  promote  and  discuss  ourplatforms,
 as  well  as  to  ascertain  individual  product  requirements  and  solve  technical  problems.  Our  developer  program  makes  our  productsavailable to developers prior to lau
nch in order to encourage the development of AI frameworks, SDKs, and APIs for software applications and gametitles
 that  are  optimized  for  our  platforms.  Our  Deep  Learning  Institute  provides  in-person  and  online  training  for  developers  in  industries  andorganizations around the world to bui
ld AI and accelerated computing applications that leverage our platforms.8
Table of ContentsAs
 NVIDIA’s  business  has  evolved  from  a  focus  primarily  on  gaming  products  to  broader  markets,  and  from  chips  to  platforms  and  completesystems to software, so, too, hav
e our avenues to market. Thus, in addition to sales to customers in our partner network, certain of our platforms arealso sold through e-tail channels, or direct to cloud servic
e providers and enterprise customers.Seasonality
Our
 computing platforms serve a diverse set of markets such as consumer gaming, enterprise and cloud data centers, professional workstations,and
 automotive. Our consumer products typically see stronger revenue in the second half of our fiscal year. In addition, based on the productionschedules
 of key customers, some of our products for notebooks and game consoles typically generate stronger revenue in the second and thirdquarters,
 and  weaker  revenue  in  the  fourth  and  first  quarters.  In  fiscal  year  2022,  our  demand  exceeded  our  supply  in  several  areas,  and  ourrevenue did not follow historical seaso
nal patterns. However, there can be no assurance that these trends will continue. Our fiscal year 2022 supply-constrained environment or historical season
ality trends may not repeat.Manufacturing
We
 do not manufacture semiconductors used for our products. Instead, we utilize a fabless manufacturing strategy, whereby we employ world-classsuppliers for all phases of
 the manufacturing process, including wafer fabrication, assembly, testing, and packaging. This strategy uses the expertiseof
 industry-leading suppliers that are certified by the International Organization for Standardization in such areas as fabrication, assembly, qualitycontrol
 and  assurance,  reliability,  and  testing.  Additionally,  we  can  avoid  many  of  the  significant  costs  and  risks  associated  with  owning  andoperating
 manufacturing operations. While we may directly procure certain raw materials used in the production of our products, such as substratesand a variety of components,
 our suppliers are responsible for procurement of most of the raw materials used in the production of our products. As aresult,
 we  can  focus  our  resources  on  product  design,  additional  quality  assurance,  marketing,  and  customer  support.  We  have  placed  non-cancellable
 inventory  orders  for  certain  products  in  advance  of  our  historical  lead  times,  paid  premiums  and  provided  deposits  to  secure  futuresupply and capacity and may need to contin
ue to do so in the future.We utilize industry-leadi
ng suppliers, such as Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company Limited and Samsung Electronics Co. Ltd, to produceour semiconductor wafers. We then utilize independ
ent subcontractors, such as Amkor Technology, King Yuan Electronics Co., Ltd., Omni Logistics,LLC,
 Siliconware Precision Industries Company Ltd., and Wistron Corporation to perform assembly, testing, and packaging of most of our productsand platforms.
 We use contract manufacturers such as Flex Ltd., Jabil Inc., and Universal Scientific Industrial Co., Ltd., to manufacture our standardand
 custom  adapter  card  products  and  switch  systems,  and  Fabrinet  to  manufacture  our  cables.  We  purchase  substrates  from  Ibiden  Co.  Ltd.,Kinsus
 Interconnect  Technology  Corporation,  and  Unimicron  Technology  Corporation,  and  memory  from  Micron  Technology,  SamsungSemiconductor,
 Inc., or Samsung, and SK Hynix. We often consign key components or materials such as the GPU, SoC, memory, and integratedcircuit to the contract manufacturers.
We
 typically receive semiconductor products from our subcontractors, perform incoming quality assurance and configuration using test equipmentpurchased
 from industry-leading suppliers such as Advantest America Inc., and then ship the semiconductors to contract manufacturers, such asBYD
 Auto  Co.  Ltd.  and  Hon  Hai  Precision  Industry  Co.,  distributors,  motherboard  and  add-in  card,  or  AIC,  customers  from  our  third-partywarehous
es in Hong Kong, Israel, and the United States. Generally, these manufacturers assemble and test the boards based on our design kit andtest specifications, and then ship our products to retailers, system builders, or OEMs as motherboard and AIC solutio
ns.Competition
The market for
 our products is intensely competitive and is characterized by rapid technological change and evolving industry standards. We believethat
 the principal competitive factors in this market are performance, breadth of product offerings, access to customers and partners and distributionchannels,
 software support, conformity to industry standard APIs, manufacturing capabilities, processor pricing, and total system costs. We believethat
 our ability to remain competitive will depend on how well we are able to anticipate the features and functions that customers and partners willdemand
 and whether we are able to deliver consistent volumes of our products at acceptable levels of quality and at competitive prices. We expectcompetition
 to increase from both existing competitors and new market entrants with products that may be lower priced than ours or may providebetter
 performance  or  additional  features  not  provided  by  our  products.  In  addition,  it  is  possible  that  new  competitors  or  alliances  amongcompetitors could emerge and acquire signific
ant market share.A
 significant  source  of  competition  comes  from  companies  that  provide  or  intend  to  provide  GPUs,  embedded  SoCs,  and  other  accelerated,  AIcomputing
 processor products, and providers of semiconductor-based high-performance interconnect products based on InfiniBand, Ethernet, FibreChannel and proprietary technol
ogies. Some of our9
Table of Contentscompetitors may have greater
 marketing, financial, distribution and manufacturing resources than we do and may be more able to adapt to customeror technological changes. We expect an incre
asingly competitive environment in the future.Our current competitors include:
•
suppliers  and  licensors  designing  discrete  and  integrated  GPUs,  custom  chips  and  other  accelerated  computing  solutions,  such  asAdvanced Micro Devices, or AMD, and Intel Corporation, or Intel;
•
large internet services companies with internal teams designing chips that incorporate accelerated computing functionality as part of theirinternal solutions or platforms, such as Alibaba Group, Alp
habet, and Amazon;•
suppliers of SoC products that are embedded into automobiles, autonomous machines, and gaming devices, such as Ambarella, Inc., AMD,Broadcom Inc., Intel,
 Qualcomm Incorporated, Renesas Electronics Corporation, and Samsung, or companies with internal teams designingSoC products for internal use, such as Tesla Motors; and
•
suppliers of interconnect, switch and cable solutions such as AMD, Applied Optoelectronics, Inc., Arista Networks, Broadcom, Cisco, HP,Intel,
 Juniper Networks, Inc., Lumentum Holdings, and Marvell Technology Group, as well as internal teams of system vendors and largeinternet services companies such as Alphab
et and Amazon.Patents and Proprietary Rights
We
 rely  primarily  on  a  combination  of  patents,  trademarks,  trade  secrets,  employee  and  third-party  nondisclosure  agreements,  and  licensingarrangements
 to protect our IP in the United States and internationally. Our currently issued patents have expiration dates from February 2022 toJune
 2045. We have numerous patents issued, allowed, and pending in the United States and in foreign jurisdictions. Our patents and pendingpatent
 applications primarily relate to our products and the technology used in connection with our products. We also rely on international treaties,organizations,
 and foreign laws to protect our IP. The laws of certain foreign countries in which our products are or may be manufactured or sold,including
 various countries in Asia, may not protect our products or IP rights to the same extent as the laws of the United States. This decreasedprotection
 makes the possibility of piracy of our technology and products more likely. We continuously assess whether and where to seek formalprotection for particular innovations and techno
logies based on such factors as:•
the location in which our products are manufactured;•
our strategic technology or product directions in different countries;•
the degree to which IP laws exist and are meaningfully enforced in different jurisdictions; and•
the commercial significance of our operations and our competitors' operations in particular countries and regions.We have licensed technology from third parties and exp
ect to continue to enter into such license agreements.Government Regulations
Our
 worldwide business activities are subject to various laws, rules, and regulations of the United States as well as of foreign governments. Ouracquisitions
 may  be subject  to  government  regulatory  reviews,  and the  cost  to  comply  with  such  regulations  or  costs  incurred  where  regulatorychallenges
 prevent  the  completion  of  an  acquisition  could  have  a  material  impact  on  our  business.  On  February  8,  2022,  we  announced  thetermination
 of  the  Share  Purchase  Agreement  by  which  we  would  have  acquired  Arm  due  to  significant  regulatory  challenges  preventing  thecompletion
 of the transaction and expect to incur a $1.36 billion charge in the first quarter of fiscal year 2023. Compliance with laws, rules, andregulations
 has  not  otherwise  had  a  material  effect  upon  our  capital  expenditures,  results  of  operations,  or  competitive  position  and  we  do  notcurrently
 anticipate material capital expenditures for environmental control facilities. Compliance with existing or future governmental regulations,including,
 but not limited to, those pertaining to IP ownership and infringement, taxes, import and export requirements and tariffs, anti-corruption,business acquisitions,
 foreign exchange controls and cash repatriation restrictions, data privacy requirements, competition and antitrust, advertising,employment,
 product  regulations,  cybersecurity,  environmental,  health  and  safety  requirements,  the  responsible  use  of  AI,  climate  change,cryptocurrency,
 and consumer laws, could increase our costs, impact our competitive position, and otherwise may have a material adverse impacton
 our  business,  financial  condition  and  results  of  operations  in  subsequent  periods.  Refer  to  “Item  1A.  Risk  Factors”  for  a  discussion  of  thesepotential impacts.
10
Table of ContentsEnvironmental, Social and Corporate Governance
NVIDIA
 invents computing technologies that improve lives and address global challenges. We integrate sound environmental, social and corporategovernance,
 or ESG, principles and practices into every aspect of the Company. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee of ourBoard of Directors is responsible for reviewing and discussing with managem
ent our practices concerning ESG. We undertake an annual analysis toensure
 that our ESG priorities remain aligned with stakeholder expectations, market trends, and business risks and opportunities. These issues areimportant for our continued business success and reflect the topics of high
est concern to NVIDIA and our stakeholders.The
 following  section  provides  an  overview  of  some  of  these  principles  and  practices.  More  information  can  be  found  on  the  Corporate  SocialResponsibility section of our website a
nd in our annual Corporate Social Responsibility Report, or CSR Report. Information contained on our websiteor
 in our annual CSR Report is not incorporated by reference into this or any other report we file with the Securities and Exchange Commission, orthe SEC. Refer to “Item 1A. Risk Factors” for a discussion of risks and uncertainties we face related to ESG.
Climate Change
In
 the  area  of  sustainability,  we  address  our  climate  impacts  across  our  product  lifecycle  and  assess  risks,  including  current  and  emergingregulations and market impacts.
In our CSR Report, we
 report several metrics related to our environmental impact, our most recent full reporting year being fiscal year 2021, with ourfiscal year
 2022 metrics expected to be published in May 2022. There has been no material impact to capital expenditures, our results of operationsor
 competitive position associated with global sustainability regulations, compliance, or costs from sourcing renewable energy. By the end of fiscalyear
 2025, our goal is to purchase or generate enough renewable energy to match 100% of our global electricity usage for our offices and datacenters.
Whether
 it is creation of technology to power next-generation laptops or designs to support high-performance supercomputers, improving energyefficiency
 is  important  in  our  research,  development,  and  design  processes.  GPUs  are  inherently  more  energy  efficient  than  other  forms  ofcomputing
 because they are optimized for throughput and performance per watt rather than absolute performance. GPU servers are approximately40x
 more energy efficient than traditional CPU servers for AI workloads. The power efficiency of our products is evidenced by our continued strongpresence on the Green500 list of the most energy-efficient systems. We powered 23 of the top 25 systems on the November 2021 Green
500 list.We plan to build Earth-2, an AI supercomputer dedicate
d to predicting the impacts of climate change. The system will build a digital twin of the Earthon
 our Omniverse platform, enable scientists to do ultra-high-resolution climate modeling, and put mitigation and adaptation tools into the hands ofcities and nations so they can act with more urgency.
Human Capital Management
We
 believe that our employees are our greatest assets, and they play a key role in creating long-term value for our stakeholders. As of January 30,2022,
 we had 22,473 employees in 32 countries. 16,242 were engaged in research and development and 6,231 were engaged in sales, marketing,operations, and administrative positions.
To
 be  competitive  and  execute  our  business  strategy  successfully,  we  must  recruit,  develop,  and  retain  talented  employees,  including  qualifiedexecutives, scientists, engineers, and technical a
nd non-technical staff.Recruitment
The
 demand for talent in new markets such as AI and deep learning, is increasingly competitive. With differentiated hiring strategies for university,professional, executive, and for diversity, we have been succ
essful in attracting top talent to NVIDIA.We attract global talent from universities, collaborations with coll
ege programs, professional organization affiliations, industry conferences,community resource group participation, direct sourcing and o
utreach. Our employees play an important part in recruiting, with over 39% of our newhires coming from employee referrals.
Development and Retention
To
 support  employee  advancement,  we  provide  opportunities  to  learn  on-the-job  through  training  programs,  one  on  one  coaching  and  ongoingfeedback.
 We have a rich library of live and on-demand learning experiences that include workshops, panel discussions, and speaker forums. Wecurate learning paths focused on our most common
11
Table of Contentsdevelopm
ent needs and constantly upgrade our offerings to ensure that our employees are exposed to the most current programs and technologiesavailable.
 We offer tuition reimbursement programs to subsidize educational programs and advanced certifications. We encourage internal mobilitythrough
 career coaching that advises employees on developmental activities and pursuing internal transfer opportunities. We have implementedspecifically
 designed  mentoring  and  development  programs  for  women  and  employees  from  traditionally  underrepresented  groups  to  ensurewidespread readiness for future advancement.
To
 evaluate employee sentiment and engagement, we use pulse surveys, a suggestion box, and an anonymous third-party platform. Pulse surveyshelp
 us gain insight into employee experience and provide ideas so that we can prioritize areas to take action. The suggestion box is an always-on,interactive
 tool where employees share their thoughts about making our company a better place to work. The anonymous third-party platform isdesigned to protect the identity of the reporter and provide a mechanism for reporters to follow an inv
estigation and receive responses.In fiscal year 2022, our overall turnover rate was 4.9%.
Compensation, Benefits, and Well-Being
Our
 compensation program rewards performance and is structured to encourage employees to invest in the Company’s future. Employees receiveequity,
 except where unavailable due to local regulations, that is tied to the value of our stock price and vests over time to retain employees whilesimultaneously alignin
g their interests with those of our stockholders.We
 offer  comprehensive  benefits  to  support  our  employees’  and  their  families’  physical  health,  well-being  and  financial  health,  including  401(k)programs
 in the U.S., statutory pension programs outside the U.S., our employee stock purchase program, flexible work hours and time off, andprograms
 to  address  mental  health,  stress,  and  time-management  challenges.  We  evaluate  our  benefit  offerings  globally  and  are  committed  toproviding
 tailored benefits based on community needs, including assistance for military members, additional mental health benefits, and support fornew birth parents, and those who wish to become parents.
Diversity and Inclusion
We
 believe that diverse teams fuel innovation, and we are committed to creating an inclusive culture that supports all employees, regardless ofgender, gender identity or expression, veteran status, race, ethnicity, or ability.
We
 have increased our efforts to recruit, develop, and retain a more diverse workforce with a focus on those historically underrepresented in thetechnology field, includin
g women, Black/African American, and Hispanic/Latino candidates.Other efforts we have been or are undertaking include:
•
Expanded  recruiting  teams  and  deepened  our  college  pipeline  to  engage  more  diverse  students  and  partnering  with  minority-servinginstitutions and p
rofessional organizations;•
Supported the development of women employees to build a pipeline of future leaders;•
Supported underrepresented employees through our 11 internal community resource groups;•
Providing training and education to managers and peers on how to foster a supportive environment; and•
Measuring year over year progress and providing leadership visibility on diversity efforts.As
 of January 30, 2022, our global workforce was 80% male, 19% female, and 1% not declared and 6% of our workforce in the United States wascomposed of Black or African American and Hispan
ic or Latino employees.Health and COVID-19
We
 support our people and their families in making their health and safety a top priority. During fiscal year 2022 and the COVID-19 pandemic, wecontinued
 our  global  protocols  to  keep  our  workforce  safe.  For  essential  labs  and  offices  that  remain  open,  we  maintained  appropriate  safetyprotocols
 and  social  distancing  guidelines.  We  have  also  made  some  of  our  offices  accessible  based  on  a  clearly  defined  set  of  metrics  whileadhering to government guideli
nes. Steps we took to support employees include:•
Providing work from home support, including reimbursement for home office equipment and certain work from home expenses;12
Table of Contents•
Enhanced  health  coverage,  including-COVID-19  testing,  vaccine  costs  and  support,  expanded  mental  health  resources  and  virtual  careofferings, and care for those with COVID-19;
•
Learning and development resources on how to lead and manage remotely; and•
Opportunities for employees to socially connect with one another virtually.We will continue a flexible work enviro
nment and have instituted Company-wide “rest days” for employees to recharge.Information About Our Executive Officers
The following sets forth certain information regarding our exec
utive officers, their ages and positions as of March 11, 2022:Name
Age Position Jen-Hsun Huang
59 President and Chief Executive Officer Colette M. Kress
54 Executive Vice President and Chi ef Financial OfficerAjay K. Puri
67 Executive Vice President, Worldwide Fie ld OperationsDebora Shoquist
67 Executive Vice President, Operations Timothy S. Teter
55 Executive Vice Presiden t and General CounselJen-Hsun
 Huang co-founded  NVIDIA in 1993 and has served as our President, Chief Executive Officer and a member of the Board of Directorssince
 our inception. From 1985 to 1993, Mr. Huang was employed at LSI Logic Corporation, a computer chip manufacturer, where he held a varietyof
 positions including as Director of Coreware, the business unit responsible for LSI's SOC. From 1983 to 1985, Mr. Huang was a microprocessordesigner
 for Advanced Micro Devices, Inc., a semiconductor company. Mr. Huang holds a B.S.E.E. degree from Oregon State University and anM.S.E.E. degree from Stanford University.
Colette
 M. Kress joined NVIDIA in 2013 as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Prior to NVIDIA, Ms. Kress most recently servedas
 Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Business Technology and Operations Finance organization at Cisco Systems, Inc., anetworking
 equipment  company,  since  2010.  At  Cisco,  Ms.  Kress  was  responsible  for  financial  strategy,  planning,  reporting  and  businessdevelopment
 for  all  business  segments,  engineering  and  operations.  From  1997  to  2010  Ms.  Kress  held  a  variety  of  positions  at  MicrosoftCorporation,
 a  software  company,  including,  beginning  in  2006,  Chief  Financial  Officer  of  the  Server  and  Tools  division,  where  Ms.  Kress  wasresponsible
 for financial strategy, planning, reporting and business development for the division. Prior to joining Microsoft, Ms. Kress spent eightyears at Texas Instruments
 Incorporated, a semiconductor company, where she held a variety of finance positions. Ms. Kress holds a B.S. degree inFinance from University of Arizona and an M.B.A. degree from Southern Methodist University.
Ajay
 K. Puri joined  NVIDIA in 2005 as Senior Vice President, Worldwide Sales and became Executive Vice President, Worldwide Field Operationsin
 2009.  Prior  to  NVIDIA,  he  held  positions  in  sales,  marketing,  and  general  management  over  a  22-year  career  at  Sun  Microsystems,  Inc.,  acomputing
 systems company. Mr. Puri previously held marketing, management consulting, and product development positions at Hewlett-PackardCompany,
 an  information  technology  company,  Booz  Allen  Hamilton  Inc.,  a  management  and  technology  consulting  company,  and  TexasInstruments
 Incorporated. Mr. Puri holds a B.S.E.E. degree from the University of Minnesota, an M.S.E.E. degree from the California Institute ofTechnology and an M.B.A. degree from Harvard Business Sch
ool.Debora Shoquist
 joined NVIDIA in  2007 as Senior Vice President of Operations and in 2009 became Executive Vice President of Operations. Priorto NVIDIA, Ms.
 Shoquist served from 2004 to 2007 as Executive Vice President of Operations at JDS Uniphase Corp., a provider of communicationstest
 and measurement solutions and optical products for the telecommunications industry. She served from 2002 to 2004 as Senior Vice Presidentand General Manager of 
the Electro-Optics business at Coherent, Inc., a manufacturer of commercial and scientific laser equipment. Previously, sheworked
 at Quantum Corp., a data protection company, as President of the Personal Computer Hard Disk Drive Division, and at Hewlett-PackardCorp.
 Ms.  Shoquist  holds  a  B.S.  degree  in  Electrical  Engineering  from  Kansas  State  University  and  a  B.S.  degree  in  Biology  from  Santa  ClaraUniversity.
Timothy
 S. Teter joined  NVIDIA in 2017 as Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary and became Executive Vice President, GeneralCounsel
 and Secretary in February 2018. Prior to NVIDIA, Mr. Teter spent more than two decades at the law firm of Cooley LLP, where he focusedon
 litigating  patent  and  technology  related  matters.  Prior  to  attending  law  school,  he  worked  as  an  engineer  at  Lockheed  Missiles  and  SpaceCompany.
 Mr. Teter holds a B.S. degree in Mechanical Engineering from the University of California at Davis and a J.D. degree from Stanford LawSchool.
13
Table of ContentsAvailable Information
Our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form
 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and, if applicable, amendments to those reports filedor
 furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, are available free of charge on or through our website,http://www.nvidia.com
,  as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnish it to, the Securities and ExchangeCommission,
 or  the  SEC.  The  SEC’s  website, http://www.sec.gov ,  contains  reports,  proxy  and  information  statements,  and  other  informationregarding
 issuers that file electronically with the SEC. Our web site and the information on it or connected to it are not a part of this Annual Reporton Form 10-K.
ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS
In
 evaluating  NVIDIA,  the  following  risk  factors  should  be  considered  in  addition  to  the  other  information  in  this  Annual  Report  on  Form  10-K.Purchasing
 or  owning  NVIDIA  common  stock  involves  investment  risks  including,  but  not  limited  to,  the  risks  described  below.  Any  one  of  thefollowing risks could harm our business,
 financial condition, results of operations or reputation, which could cause our stock price to decline, and youmay
 lose  all  or  a  part  of  your  investment.  Additional  risks,  trends  and  uncertainties  not  presently  known  to  us  or  that  we  currently  believe  areimmaterial may also harm our business, financial conditi
on, results of operations or reputation.Risks Related to Our Industry and Markets
If
 we fail to meet the evolving needs of our markets, or to identify new products, services or technologies, our revenue and financialresults may be adversely impacted.
Our
 accelerated computing platforms address four large markets: Gaming, Data Center, Professional Visualization, and Automotive. These marketsexperience rapid changes in tech
nology, customer requirements, new product introductions and enhancements, and industry standards.Our strategic and business success depends on our ab
ility to:•
timely identify emerging industry changes, and develop new or enhance existing products, services and technologies that meet the evolvingneeds of these markets;
•
expand the ecosystem for our products and technologies;•
accurately forecast demand in our businesses;•
meet customer safety and compliance standards, which are subject to change;•
manage product, software, and service lifecycles to maintain customer and end user satisfaction;•
develop infrastructure needed to scale our business, including related to our acquisitions, customer support, e-commerce and IP licensingcapabilities; and
•
complete technical, financial, compliance, sales and marketing investments for some of the above activities.We
 make considerable  investments  in research  and development  and business  offerings  in markets  where we have a limited  operating  history,which may not
 produce meaningful revenue for several years, if at all. If we fail to develop new products, services and technologies, or if they do notbecome widely adopted, our busin
ess, revenue, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected.Achieving
 design  wins,  which  is  important  to  our  success  in  several  businesses,  may  involve  a  lengthy  process  and  depend  on  our  ability  toanticipate
 features and functionality that customers will demand. Unanticipated changes in industry standards or disruptive technological innovationcould
 render our products incompatible with products developed by other companies. If our products are not in compliance with prevailing industryand
 safety standards, our customers may not incorporate our products into their design strategies. Failure to obtain a particular design win mayprevent us from obtaining future design wins in subse
quent generations. Furthermore, a design win does not guarantee revenue.We
 cannot ensure that our strategic direction will result in products and technologies that provide value to our customers and partners. If we fail toanticipate
 the changing needs of our target markets and emerging technology trends, or if we do not appropriately adapt our strategies as marketconditions evolve, our business wi
ll be harmed.14
Table of ContentsCompetition in our current and target markets could prevent us from growing our revenue.
Our
 target  markets  remain  competitive,  and  competition  may  intensify  with  expanding  and  changing  product  and  service  offerings,  industrystandards,
 customer needs, new entrants and consolidations. Our competitors’ products, services and technologies, such as the high-end discreteGPUs
 offered by Intel and AMD, may be cheaper or provide better functionality or features than ours, which may result in lower than expectedselling
 prices  for  our  products.  Some  of  our  competitors  operate  their  own  fabrication  facilities,  have  longer  operating  histories,  larger  customerbases,
 more comprehensive IP portfolios and patent protections, new designs and more design wins, and greater financial, sales, marketing anddistribution
 resources than we do. These competitors may be able to more effectively identify and capitalize upon opportunities in new markets andend
 user customer trends, more quickly transition their products, and secure sufficient foundry capacity and packaging materials during a supply-constrained
 environment, which could harm our business. In our networking business, some of our customers are also integrated circuit and switchsuppliers
 and  have  in-house  expertise  and  internal  development  capabilities  similar  to  ours.  Licensing  our  technology  and  supporting  suchcustomers
 entails the transfer of IP rights that may enable such customers to develop their own solutions to replace those we are providing. If weare
 unable to successfully compete and respond to changes in our target markets or introduce new offerings to meet the needs of this competitiveenvironment, demand for our products, services and technologi
es could decrease, which would cause our revenue to decline.Risks Related to Demand, Supply and Manufacturing
If
 we fail to estimate customer demand properly, there may be a mismatch between supply and demand, and our financial results couldbe harmed.
Demand
 for our products is based on many factors, including our product introductions and transitions, time to market, competitor product releasesand
 announcements, competing technologies, and other factors, all of which can impact the timing and volume of our revenue. We sell many of ourproducts through channel partners, who sell 
to retailers, distributors, and/or end customers. As a result, the decisions made by our channel partners,retailers
 and  distributors  in  response  to  changing  market  conditions  and  demand  for  our  products  could  impact  our  ability  to  properly  forecastdemand.
GPUs
 have  use  cases  in  addition  to  their  designed  and  marketed  use  case,  such  as  for  digital  currency  mining,  including  blockchain-basedplatforms
 such as Ethereum. It is difficult for us to estimate with any reasonable degree of precision the past or current impact of cryptocurrencymining,
 or forecast the future impact of cryptocurrency mining, on demand for our products. Volatility in the cryptocurrency market, including newcompute
 technologies, price changes in cryptocurrencies, government cryptocurrency policies and regulations, new cryptocurrency standards, andchanges
 in the method of verifying blockchain transactions, have impacted and can in the future impact cryptocurrency mining and demand for ourproducts, and can further
 impact our ability to estimate demand for our products. Changes to cryptocurrency standards and processes including, butnot
 limited to, the pending Ethereum 2.0 standard may decrease the usage of GPUs for Ethereum mining as well as create increased aftermarketresales of
 our GPUs, impact retail prices for our GPUs, increase returns of our products in the distribution channel, and may reduce demand for ournew
 GPUs. We have introduced Lite Hash Rate, or LHR, GeForce GPUs with limited Ethereum mining capability and increased the supply of CMPin
 an effort to address demand from gamers and direct miners to CMP. However, if attempts in the aftermarket to improve the hash rate capabilitiesof our LHR cards
 are successful, our gaming cards may become more attractive to miners, increasing demand for our gaming GPUs and limiting ourability
 to supply our gaming cards to non-mining customers. We cannot predict whether our strategy of using LHR cards and CMP will achieve ourdesired
 outcome. In addition, our products may be resold on the unauthorized “gray market,” which also makes demand forecasting difficult. Graymarket products compete with our distribution channels.
Consumer
 and  enterprise  behavior  during  the  COVID-19  pandemic,  such  as  increased  demand  for  our  Gaming,  Data  Center,  and  workstationproducts, has made
 it more difficult for us to estimate future demand. These challenges may continue in the future when the effects of the pandemicsubside.
Our
 manufacturing lead times are very long and in some cases, extend to be twelve months or longer, which requires us to make estimates ofcustomers’
 future  demand.  We  have  revised  our  process  for  purchasing  supply  as  a  result  of  the  worldwide  supply  shortages  impacting  thesemicond
uctor industry. Our inventory and purchase commitments reflect our demand expectations for our future quarters and long-term supply andcapacity
 needs.  These  conditions  could lead to  a significant  mismatch  between  supply  and demand,  giving rise  to  product  shortages  or  excessinventory.
 Demand for our products may be perishable or may disappear, which would make our demand forecast more uncertain and cause us tolose
 market  share,  perhaps  permanently.  To  shorten  shipment  lead  times,  we  may  build  finished  products  and  carry  inventory  for  anticipateddemand
 that  does  not  materialize.  We  may  not  be  able  to  reduce  our  inventory  purchase  commitments  if  customers  cancel  or  defer  orders  orchoose to purchase from our competitors. We may write-down our
15
Table of Contentsinventory
 to  the  lower  of  cost  or  net  realizable  value  or  excess  inventory,  and  we  could  experience  a  reduction  in  average  selling  prices  if  weincorrectly forecast product demand.
Situations that may result in excess inventory or related impairments includ
e:•
changes  in  business  and  economic  conditions  resulting  in  decreased  consumer  confidence,  including  downturns  in  our  target  marketsand/or overall economy and changes i
n the credit market;•
higher incidence of inventory obsolescence because of rapidly changing technology or customer requirements;•
new product introductions resulting in less demand for existing products or inconsistent spikes in demand due to unexpected end use cases;•
increase in demand for competitive products, including competitive actions;•
fluctuations in demand for our products related to cryptocurrency mining; or•
decrease in future demand, decrease in the cost of supply chain materials,  or changes in the design of future products where we haveentered
 into long-term supply commitments, including prepayments, particularly to the extent we are placing orders well in advance of ourhistorical lead times and/or before the design of those prod
ucts is final.Conversely,
 if we underestimate our customers' demand for our products, our foundry partners may not have adequate lead-time or capacity toincrease
 production  and  we  may  not  be  able  to  obtain  sufficient  inventory  to  fill  orders  on  a  timely  basis.  We  may  also  face  supply  constraintscaused by natural disasters or other
 events. If we are able to increase production levels to meet customer demand, we may not be able to do so in acost-effectiv
e or timely manner. If we fail to fulfill our customers’ orders on a timely basis, or at all, our customer relationships could be damaged, wecould lose revenue and market share and our reputati
on could be damaged.In
 periods of shortages impacting the semiconductor industry and/or limited supply or capacity in our supply chain, as we are in today, we haveplaced
 and  may  continue  to  place  non-cancellable  inventory  orders  in  advance  of  our  historical  lead  times,  and  pay  premiums  and/or  providedeposits
 to secure future supply and capacity. For example, while we previously placed orders with approximately six months’ lead time, we havebegun
 placing orders at least twelve months in advance. Our inventory and purchase commitments reflect our demand expectations for our futurequarters
 and long-term supply and capacity needs. However, we may not be able to accurately predict when such periods of shortage will end, nordo
 we know whether those inventory orders accurately address our current and future demand needs. These actions may increase our productcosts
 and trigger significant excess inventory or other charges if there is a partial or complete reduction in long-term demand for our products or ifsuch demand is served by our competitors, which could neg
atively impact our gross margins and our overall financial results.We
 depend on third parties and their technology to manufacture, assemble, test, package or design our products, which reduces ourcontrol
 over product quantity and quality, manufacturing yields, development, enhancement and product delivery schedule and couldharm our business.
We
 do not manufacture the semiconductors used for our products and do not own or operate a wafer fabrication facility. We depend on foundries tomanufacture
 our semiconductor wafers using their fabrication equipment and techniques. We do not assemble, test or package our products, butinstead
 contract with independent subcontractors. We also rely on third-party software development tools to assist us in the design, simulation andverification of new products or product enhancements. The desi
gn requirements necessary to meet consumer demands for greater functionality fromour
 products  may  exceed  the  capabilities  of  available  software  development  tools.  While  we  may  enter  into  long-term  supply  and  capacitycommitments,
 we may not be able to secure sufficient commitments for capacity to address our business needs. We face several risks which couldadversely
 affect  our  ability  to  meet  customer  demand  and  scale  our  supply  chain,  negatively  impact  longer-term  demand  for  our  products  andservices, and adversely affect our business operations, gross margin, revenu
e and/or financial results, including:•
lack of guaranteed supply of wafers, components and capacity or decommitment and potential higher wafer and component prices, fromincorrectly estimating demand and failing to pl
ace orders with our suppliers with sufficient quantities or in a timely manner;•
failure by our foundries or contract manufacturers to procure raw materials or to provide adequate levels of manufacturing or test capacityfor our products;
16
Table of Contents•
failure  by  our  foundries  to  develop,  obtain  or  successfully  implement  high  quality  process  technologies,  including  transitions  to  smallergeometry process technologies such as advanc
ed process node technologies and memory designs needed to manufacture our products;•
limited number of global suppliers, foundries, contract manufacturers, assembly and test providers, and memory manufacturers;•
loss of a supplier and additional expense and/or production delays as a result of qualifying a new foundry or subcontractor and commencingvolume production or testing in the event of a loss of or a decision to add or cha
nge a supplier;•
lack of direct control over product quantity, quality and delivery schedules;•
delays in product shipments, shortages, a decrease in product quality and/or higher expenses in the event our subcontractors or foundriesprioritize our competitors’ orders over ours; and
•
low manufacturing yields resulting from a failure in our product design or a foundry’s proprietary process technology.If
 our products contain significant defects, we could incur significant expenses to remediate such defects, our reputation could bedamaged, and we could lose market share.
Our
 hardware  and  software  product  offerings  are  complex  and  may  contain  defects  or  security  vulnerabilities,  or  experience  failures  orunsatisfactory
 performance due to any number of issues in design, fabrication, packaging, materials and/or use within a system. These risks mayincrease
 as our products are introduced into new devices, markets, technologies and applications or as new versions are released. Some errors inour
 products or services may only be discovered after a product or service has been shipped or used. Undiscovered vulnerabilities in our productsor
 services could expose our end customers to unscrupulous third parties who develop and deploy malicious software programs that could attackour
 products  or services.  Defects or failure of our products  to perform  to specifications  could lead to substantial  damage to the products  or theproduct
 in which our device has been integrated by OEMs, ODMs, AIBs and Tier 1 automotive suppliers, and to the user of such end product. Anysuch defect
 may cause us to incur significant warranty, support and repair or replacement costs as part of a product recall or otherwise, write-off thevalue
 of related inventory, and divert the attention of our engineering personnel from our product development efforts to find and correct the issue.An
 error or defect in new products or releases or related software drivers after commencement of commercial shipments could result in failure toachieve
 market  acceptance,  loss  of  design  wins,  and  harm  to  our  relationships  with  existing  and  prospective  customers  and  partners  andconsumers’ perceptions of
 our brand, which would in turn negatively impact our business operations, gross margin, revenue and/or financial results.We
 may be required to reimburse our customers, partners or consumers, including for costs to repair or replace products in the field. If a productliabil
ity claim is brought against us, the cost of defending the claim could be significant and would divert the efforts of our technical and managementpersonne
l and harm our business. Further, our business liability insurance may be inadequate or future coverage may be unavailable on acceptableterms, which could adversely impact our financial results.
Risks Related to Our Global Operating Business
We
 are subject to risks and uncertainties associated with international operations, including adverse economic conditions, which mayharm our business.
We
 conduct  our  business  and  have  offices  worldwide.  Our  semiconductor  wafers  are  manufactured,  assembled,  tested  and  packaged  by  thirdparties
 located outside of the United States and we generated 84% of our revenue for fiscal year 2022 from sales outside of the United States. Theglobal
 nature  of  our  business  subjects  us  to  a  number  of  risks  and  uncertainties,  which  could  have  a  material  adverse  effect  on  our  business,financial condition and resu
lts of operations, including:•
domestic and international economic and political conditions between countries in which we do business;•
differing legal standards with respect to protection of IP and employment practices;•
domestic and international business and cultural practices that differ;•
disruptions to capital markets and/or currency fluctuations; and17
Table of Contents•
natural disasters, acts of war or other military actions, terrorism, public health issues, and other catastrophic events.Adverse
 changes in global, regional or local economic conditions, including recession or slowing growth, changes or uncertainty in fiscal, monetary,or
 trade policy, higher interest rates, tighter credit, inflation, lower capital expenditures by businesses including on IT infrastructure, increases inunemployment,
 and lower consumer confidence and spending, periodically occur. More recently, increased inflation may impact supply, employee,facilities
 and infrastructure costs. To the extent such inflation continues, increases or both, it may reduce our margins and have a material adverseeffect on our financial performance.
Economic and industry uncertainty or changes cou
ld have adverse, wide-ranging effects on our business and financial results, including:•
decrease in demand for our products, services and technologies and those of our customers or licensees;•
the inability of our suppliers to deliver on their supply commitments to us;•
our customers’ or our licensees’ inability to supply products to customers and/or end users;•
the insolvency of key suppliers, distributors, customers or licensees;•
limits on our ability to forecast operating results and make business decisions;•
difficulties in obtaining capital;•
reduced profitability may also cause some customers to scale back operations, exit businesses, merge with other manufacturers, or file forbankruptcy protection and potentially ceas
e operations;•
lead  to  consolidation  or  strategic  alliances  among  other  equipment  manufacturers,  which  could  adversely  affect  our  ability  to  competeeffectively; and
•
increased credit and collectability risks, higher borrowing costs or reduced availability of capital markets, reduced liquidity, adverse impactson
 our suppliers, failures of counterparties including financial institutions and insurers, asset impairments, and declines in the value of ourfinancial instruments.
We
 have engineering, sales support operations and manufacturing located in Israel. The State of Israel and companies with business in Israel havebeen and
 could in future be the subject of an economic boycott. Other countries have and may continue in the future restrict business with the Stateof
 Israel and companies with Israeli operations. Such laws and policies may have adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results ofoperations.
Climate change may have a long-term impact on our business.
Climate
 change may have an increasingly adverse impact on our business and those of our customers, partners and vendors. Water and energyavailability
 and  reliability  in  the  communities  where  we  conduct  business  is  critical.  We  have  facilities  in  regions  that  may  be  vulnerable  to  theimpacts
 of extreme weather events. Extreme heat and wind coupled with dry conditions in Northern California may lead to power safety shut offsdue
 to wildfire risk. These measures can have adverse implications for our Santa Clara, California headquarter offices and data centers, includingimpairin
g the ability of our employees to work effectively. Climate change, its impact on our supply chain and critical infrastructure worldwide, and itspotential
 to increase political instability in regions where we, our customers, partners and our vendors do business, may disrupt our business andmay
 cause  us  to  experience  higher  attrition,  losses  and  costs  to  maintain  or  resume  operations.  Although  we  maintain  a  program  of  insurancecoverage
 for a variety of property, casualty, and other risks, the types and amounts of insurance we obtain vary depending on availability and cost.Some
 of our policies have large deductibles and broad exclusions, and our insurance providers may be unable or unwilling to pay a claim. Lossesnot covered by insurance may be large, which coul
d harm our results of operations and financial condition.Our operations, products and services,
 as well as those of our suppliers and customers, may also be subject to climate-related laws, regulations andlawsuits.
 Regulations such as carbon taxes, fuel or energy taxes, and pollution limits could result in greater direct costs, including costs associatedwith
 changes  to  manufacturing  processes  or  the  procurement  of  raw  materials  used  in  manufacturing  processes,  increased  levels  of  capitalexpenditures
 to improve facilities and equipment, and higher compliance and energy costs to reduce emissions, as well as greater indirect costsresulting
 from our customers, suppliers or both incurring additional compliance costs that are passed on to us. These costs and restrictions couldharm our business and results of operations by increasin
g our expenses or requiring us to alter our18
Table of Contentsoperations
 and  product  design  activities.  Stakeholder  groups  may  find  us  insufficiently  responsive  to  the  implications  of  climate  change,  andtherefore
 we may face legal action or reputational harm. We may not achieve our stated goal to source 100% of our global electricity use fromrenewable
 energy by the end of fiscal year 2025, which could harm our reputation, or we may incur additional, unexpected costs to achieve such agoal. We
 may also experience contractual disputes due to supply chain delays arising from climate change-related disruptions, which could result inincreased litigation and costs.
We
 also  face  risks  related  to  business  trends  that  may  be  influenced  by  climate  change  concerns.  We  may  face  decreased  demand  forcomputationally
 powerful but energy intensive products, such as our GPUs, despite their energy efficient design and operation, and/or increasedconsumer or customer expectations around the energy efficiency of our products, could n
egatively impact our business.We
 may not be able to realize the potential benefits of business investments or acquisitions, and we may not be able to successfullyintegrate acquisition targets, which could hurt our ability 
to grow our business, develop new products or sell our products.We
 have and may continue to acquire and invest in businesses that offer products, services and technologies that we believe will help expand orenhance our existing strategic objectives.
Acquisitions
 or investments involve significant challenges and risks and could impair our ability to grow our business, develop new products or sellour
 products and ultimately could have a negative impact on our financial results. Given that our resources are limited, if we pursue a particulartransaction,
 we may limit our ability to enter into other transactions that could help us achieve our strategic objectives. If we are unable to timelycomplete acquisitions, including due
 to delays and challenges in obtaining regulatory approvals, we may be unable to pursue other transactions, wemay not
 be able to retain critical talent from the target company, technology may evolve and make the acquisition less attractive, and other changescan
 take place which could reduce the anticipated  benefits  of the transaction  and negatively  impact  our business.  For example,  on February  8,2022,
 NVIDIA  and  SoftBank  announced  the  termination  of  the  Share  Purchase  Agreement  whereby  NVIDIA  would  have  acquired  Arm  fromSoftBank.
 The parties agreed to terminate because of significant regulatory challenges preventing the completion of the transaction. We intend torecord
 in operating  expenses  a $1.36  billion charge in the  first  quarter  of fiscal  year  2023 reflecting  the  write-off  of  the  prepayment  provided  atsigning
 in September 2020. In addition, to the extent that our perceived ability to consummate acquisitions has been harmed, future acquisitionsmay
 be more difficult, complex or expensive. Further, if we hold investments in publicly traded companies, they could create volatility in our resultsand may generate losses up to the value of the investment.
Risks related to acquisitions or strategic investments includ
e, but are not limited to:•
difficulty in integrating the technology, products, or operations and integrating and retaining the employees of the acquired business;•
diversion of capital and other resources, including management’s attention;•
assumption of liabilities and incurring amortization expenses, impairment charges to goodwill or write-downs of acquired assets;•
integrating accounting, forecasting and controls, procedures and reporting cycles;•
coordinating and integrating operations, particularly in countries in which we do not currently operate;•
difficulty in realizing a satisfactory return and uncertainties to realize the benefits of an acquisition or strategic investment, if at all;•
difficulty or inability in obtaining governmental, regulatory approval or restrictions or other consents and approvals or financing;•
Stock price impact, fines, fees or reputation harm if we are unable to obtain regulatory approval for an acquisition or are otherwise unable toclose an acquisition;
•
legal proceedings initiated as a result of an acquisition or investment;•
potential issuances of debt to finance our acquisitions, resulting in increased debt, increased interest expense, and compliance with debtcovenants or other restrictions;
19
Table of Contents•
the potential for our acquisitions to result in dilutive issuances of our equity securities;•
the potential variability of the amount and form of any performance-based consideration;•
negative changes in general economic conditions in the regions or the industries in which we or our target operate;•
potential failure of our due diligence processes to identify significant issues with the assets or company in which we are investing or areacquiring; and
•
impairment  of  relationships  with,  or  loss  of  our  or  our  target’s  employees,  vendors  and  customers,  as  a  result  of  our  acquisition  orinvestment.
System
 security and data protection breaches, as well as cyber-attacks, could disrupt our operations, reduce our expected revenue andincrease our expenses, which could adversely affect our stock price and damage our reputation.
Security
 breaches,  computer  malware,  social-engineering  attacks,  denial-of-service  attacks,  software  bugs,  server  malfunctions,  software  orhardware failures, loss of
 data or other information technology assets, and other cyber-attacks are increasingly sophisticated, making it more difficultto successfully detect, defend against them or implement adequate prev
entative measures.For
 example,  on  February  23,  2022,  we  became  aware  of  a  security  incident  involving  unauthorized  access  to  our  network  by  a  group  ofindependent
 criminal threat actors, not affiliated with any government or political cause. The threat actors obtained NVIDIA network credentials andthrough
 deception,  obtained  two-factor  authentication  capability  and  access  to  our  network.  The  threat  actors  misappropriated  certain  NVIDIAproprietary
 information,  including  NVIDIA  source  code,  and  leaked  some  of  that  information  online.  Upon  learning  of  the  security  incident,  weengaged in remedial and preventative actions, rotated
 all NVIDIA network credentials to prevent further unauthorized access, hardened our network,analyzed the information that the threat actors exfiltrated, and notified law enforceme
nt and other authorities.Cyber-attacks,
 including  ransomware  attacks  by  organized  criminal  threat  actors,  nation-states,  and  nation-state-supported  actors,  may  becomemore
 prevalent and severe. Our ability to recover from ransomware attacks may be limited if our backups have been affected by the attack, or ifrestoring from backups is delayed or not feasible.
Threat
 actors, sophisticated nation-states, and nation-state-supported actors now engage and are expected to continue to engage in cyber-attacks.Due
 to  increasing  geopolitical  conflicts,  we  and  the  third  parties  upon  which  we  rely  may  be  vulnerable  to  a  heightened  risk  of  cyber-attacks.Furthermore,
 we  rely  on  products  and  services  provided  by  third  party  suppliers  to  operate  certain  critical  business  systems,  including  withoutlimitation,
 cloud-based infrastructure, encryption and authentication technology, employee email, and other functions, which exposes us to supply-chain
 attacks or other business disruptions. We cannot guarantee that third parties and infrastructure in our supply chain or our partners’ supplychains
 have  not  been  compromised  or  that  they  do  not  contain  exploitable  defects  or  bugs  that  could  result  in  a  breach  of  or  disruption  to  ourinformation
 technology systems, including our products and services, or the third-party information technology systems that support our services.Our ability to monitor these third parties’ information security practices is limited, and these may not
 have adequate information security measures inplace.
 In addition, if one of our third-party suppliers suffers a security breach, our response may be limited or more difficult because we may nothave direct access to their systems, logs and other information related to the security breach.
To
 defend  against  cyber-attacks,  we  must  continuously  engineer  more  secure  products  and  enhance  security  and  reliability  features,  which  isexpected
 to result in increased expenses. We must also continue to develop our security measures, ensure our suppliers have appropriate securitymeasures in place, and continue to meet the evolving security requireme
nts of our customers. We may not always be able to detect vulnerabilities inour
 security controls, systems or software, including third-party software we have installed, as such threats and techniques change frequently andmay not
 be detected until after a security incident has occurred. Further, we may experience delays in developing and deploying remedial measuresdesigned to address iden
tified vulnerabilities.Breaches
 of  our  security  measures,  along  with  reported  or  perceived  vulnerabilities  or  unapproved  dissemination  of  proprietary  information  orsensitive
 or  confidential  data  about  us  or  third  parties  could  expose  us  and  the  parties  affected  to  a  risk  of  loss  or  misuse  of  this  information,potentially
 resulting in litigation and subsequent liability, regulatory inquiries or actions, damage to our brand and reputation or other harm to ourbusiness.
 If  we  or  a  third  party  we  rely  on  experience  a  security  incident  or  are  perceived  to  have  experienced  a  security  incident,  we  mayexperience
 adverse consequences, including government enforcement actions, additional reporting requirements and/or oversight, restrictions onprocessing data, litigation, indemnific
ation obligations, reputational harm, diversion of funds, financial20
Table of Contentsloss,
 loss  of  data,  material  disruptions  in  our  systems  and  operations,  supply  chain,  and  ability  to  produce,  sell  and  distribute  our  goods  andservices,
 and other similar harms. Inability to fulfill orders, delayed sales, lower margins or lost customers as a result of these disruptions couldadversely affect our financial results, stock price and reputation.
Business disruptions could harm our operations, lead to a decline in revenue and increase our costs.
Our
 worldwide operations could be disrupted by natural disasters and extreme weather conditions, power or water shortages, telecommunicationsfailures,
 cloud  service  provider  outages,  terrorist  attacks,  or  acts  of  violence,  political  and/or  civil  unrest,  acts  of  war  or  other  military  actions,epidemics
 or  pandemics  and  other  natural  or  man-made  disasters  and  catastrophic  events.  Our  corporate  headquarters,  a  large  portion  of  ourcurrent
 data  center  capacity,  and  a  portion  of  our  research  and  development  activities  are  located  in  California,  and  other  critical  businessoperations,
 finished goods inventory, and some of our suppliers are located in Asia, making our operations vulnerable to natural disasters such asearthquakes,
 wildfires, or other business disruptions occurring in these geographical areas. Catastrophic events can also have an impact on third-party vendors who provide us critical infrastructure services for IT
 and research and development systems and personnel. Geopolitical and domesticpolitical
 developments and other events beyond our control, can increase economic volatility globally. Political instability, changes in government oradverse
 political  developments  in  or  around  any  of  the  major  countries  in  which  we  do  business  would  also  likely  harm  our  business,  financialcondition and results of operations. For
 example, the invasion by Russia of Ukraine has had and will likely continue to have a negative impact on ouremployees
 or operations both within and outside these regions, and may result in the loss of some or even all of our assets in those regions. Ouroperations
 could  be  harmed  and  our  costs  could  increase  if  manufacturing,  logistics  or  other  operations  are  disrupted  for  any  reason,  includingnatural
 disasters,  high  heat  events  or  water  shortages,  information  technology  system  failures,  military  actions  or  economic,  business,  labor,environmental,
 public health, or political issues. For example, our operations could be harmed, and our costs could increase, if the conflict betweenRussia
 and  Ukraine  results  in  a  shortage  of  key  materials  that  our  suppliers,  including  our  foundry  partners,  require  to  satisfy  our  needs.  Theultimate
 impact on us, our third-party foundries and other suppliers of being located and consolidated in certain geographical areas is unknown. Inthe
 event a disaster, war or catastrophic event affects us or the third-party systems on which we rely, our business could be harmed as a result ofdecline
s in revenue, increases in expenses, and substantial expenditures and time spent to fully resume operations. All of these risks and conditionscould materially adversely affect our future sales and operatin
g results.We
 receive a significant amount of our revenue from a limited number of customers and our revenue could be adversely affected if welose or are prevented from selling to any of these customers.
We receive a significant amount of our revenue from a limited number of customers within our distributio
n and partner network. With several of thesedistributors
 and partners, we are selling multiple target market platforms through their channels. Our operating results depend on sales within ourpartner
 network, as well as the ability of these partners to sell products that incorporate our processors. In the future, these partners may decide topurchase
 fewer products, not to incorporate our products into their ecosystem, or to alter their purchasing patterns in some other way. Becausemost
 of our sales are made on a purchase order basis, our customers can cancel, change or delay product purchase commitments with little or nonotice
 to  us  and  without  penalty.  Our  partners  or  customers  may  develop  their  own  solutions;  our  customers  may  purchase  products  from  ourcompetitors;
 and our partners may discontinue sales or lose market share in the markets for which they purchase our products, all of which mayalter
 partners’ or customers’ purchasing patterns. The loss of any of our large customers, a significant reduction in purchases by them, our inabilityto
 sell to a customer due to U.S. trade restrictions, or any difficulties in collecting accounts receivable would likely harm our financial condition andresults of operations.
If we are unable to attract, retain and motivate our executives and key employees, our business may be harmed.
To
 be competitive and execute our business strategy successfully,  we must attract,  retain and motivate our executives and key employees andrecruit
 and develop diverse talent. Labor is subject to external factors that are beyond our control, including our industry’s highly competitive marketfor
 skilled workers and leaders, cost inflation, the COVID-19 pandemic and workforce participation rates. We also must recruit and develop diversetalent.
 Changes in immigration and work permit regulations or in their administration or interpretation could impair our ability to attract and retainqualified
 employees.  If  we  are  less  successful  in  our  recruiting  efforts,  or  if  we  cannot  retain  key  employees,  our  business  may  be  adverselyaffected.
 Competition  for  personnel  results  in  increased  costs  in  the  form  of  cash  and  stock-based  compensation.  We  also  must  retain  the  keypersonnel
 hired as a result of our acquisitions, or it could reduce the anticipated benefits of those transactions. We are highly dependent on theservices of our longstanding executiv
e team. Failure to ensure effective succession planning, transfer of knowledge and smooth transitions involvingexecutives and key employees could h
inder our strategic planning and execution and long-term success.21
Table of ContentsOur
 business  is  dependent  upon  the  proper  functioning  of  our  business  processes  and  information  systems  and  modification  orinterruption of such systems may disrupt our business, processes and internal controls.
We
 rely  upon  internal  processes  and  information  systems  to  support  key  business  functions,  including  our  assessment  of  internal  controls  overfinancia
l reporting as required by Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. The efficient operation of these processes and systems is critical and theyneed
 to  be  scalable  to  support  our  growth,  including  for  acquisitions  of  other  businesses.  We  expect  in  the  first  quarter  of  fiscal  year  2023  tocommence
 implementation of accounting and consolidation functionality related to a new enterprise resource planning, or ERP, system. Any ERPsystem
 problems upon implementation, such as quality issues or programming errors, could impact our continued ability to successfully operate ourbusiness
 or to timely and accurately report our financial results. These changes may be costly and disruptive to our operations and could imposesubstantial
 demands on management time. Failure to implement new or updated controls, or difficulties encountered in their implementation, couldharm our operating results or cause us to fail to meet our reporting obligations.
Identification
 of material weaknesses in our internal controls, even if quickly remediated once disclosed, may cause investors to lose confidence inour financial statements and our stock price may decline. Remedi
ation of any material weakness could require us to incur significant expenses and ifwe fail
 to remediate any material weakness, our financial statements may be inaccurate, we may be required to restate our financial statements, ourability
 to report our financial results on a timely and accurate basis may be adversely affected, our access to the capital markets may be restricted,the trading price of our common stock may decline, and we may be subject to sanctions or investi
gation by regulatory authorities.The
 COVID-19 pandemic continues to impact our business and could materially adversely affect our financial condition and results ofoperations.
COVID-19
 has impacted, and continues to impact, our workforce and operations and those of our customers, partners, vendors and suppliers. Asthe
 COVID-19 pandemic continues to evolve, the increased duration and impact of economic and demand uncertainty, and the limited availability ofour
 supply chain and logistical services, may have a material net negative impact on our business and financial results. While COVID-19 has drivenan
 increase in sales for certain of our products, the demand may not be sustainable if conditions change. COVID-19 containment around the worldhas
 put restrictions on, among other areas, manufacturing facilities, commerce, and support operations could limit our capacity to meet customerdemand.
 Stronger demand globally has limited the availability of capacity and components in our supply chain, which could increase our costs, limitour ability to obtain supply at necessary levels or at all, or cause us to ho
ld excess inventory if demand changes.COVID-19’s
 effect  on  the  global  economy  and  our  business  is  difficult  to  assess  or  predict.  It  has  resulted  in,  and  may  continue  to  result  in,disruption
 of  global  financial  markets,  which  could  negatively  affect  our  stock  price  and  liquidity.  Volatility  in  the  financial  markets  could  impactoverall technology spendi
ng, adversely affecting demand for our products, our business and the value of our common stock.We
 have modified our business and workforce practices in response to COVID-19, and we may take further actions as required by governmentregulations
 or in the best interests of our employees, customers, partners and suppliers. There is no certainty that our actions will be sufficient tomitigate
 the risks posed by the disease, and our ability to perform critical functions could be harmed. When we begin to reopen our offices, weexpect to incur incremental expenses as we resume onsite services a
nd related in-office costs.The
 extent of the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our operational and financial performance and our ability to timely execute our businessstrategies
 may continue to be difficult to measure and predict. An extended period of global supply chain and economic disruption as a result of theCOVID-19
 pandemic could have a material negative impact on our business, results of operations, and access to sources of liquidity and financialcondition, though the full extent and duratio
n of these impacts is uncertain.Our
 operating results have in the past fluctuated and may in the future fluctuate, and if our operating results are below the expectationsof securities analysts or investors, our stock price could decline.
Our
 operating results have in the past fluctuated and may continue to fluctuate due to numerous factors described in these risk factors. Therefore,investors
 should not rely on past comparisons of our results of operations as an indication of our future performance. Additional factors that couldaffect our results of operations include, but are not limited to:
•
our ability to adjust spending to offset revenue shortfalls due to the multi-year development cycle for some of our products and services;22
Table of Contents•
our ability to comply with our customers’ contractual obligations;•
the inability of some customers to make required payments, our ability to obtain credit insurance over the purchasing credit extended tothese customers, and customer bad debt write-offs;
•
unanticipated costs associated with environmental liabilities; and•
changes in financial accounting standards or interpretations of existing standards.Any
 one or more of the factors discussed above could prevent us from achieving our expected future financial results. Any such failure to meet ourexpectations or the expectations of our investors or security analysts could caus
e our stock price to decline or experience substantial price volatility.Risks Related to Regulatory, Legal, Our Stock and Other Matters
Our
 operations could be affected by the complex laws, rules and regulations to which our business is subject, and political and otheractions may adversely impact our business.
We
 are subject to laws and regulations domestically and worldwide, affecting our operations in areas including, but not limited to, IP ownership andinfringement;
 taxes;  import  and  export  requirements  and  tariffs;  anti-corruption;  business  acquisitions;  foreign  exchange  controls  and  cashrepatriation
 restrictions;  data  privacy  requirements;  competition  and  antitrust;  advertising;  employment;  product  regulations;  cybersecurity;environmental,
 health, and safety requirements; the responsible use of AI; climate change; cryptocurrency; and consumer laws. Compliance withsuch
 requirements can be onerous and expensive, could impact our competitive position, and may impact our business operations negatively. Forexample,
 the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and other anti-corruption laws and regulations prohibit us from engaging in certain business practices.There
 can be no assurance that our employees, contractors, suppliers, or agents will not violate policies, controls, and procedures that we havedesigned
 to help ensure compliance with applicable laws. Violations of these laws and regulations can result in fines; criminal sanctions against us,our
 officers, or our employees; prohibitions on the conduct of our business; and damage to our reputation. Should any of these laws, rules andregulations
 be amended or expanded, or new ones enacted, we could incur materially greater compliance costs and/or restrictions on our ability tomanufacture
 our products and operate our business. For example, we may face increased compliance costs as a result of changes or increases inanti-competition
 legislation,  regulation,  administrative  rule  making,  and  enforcement  activity  resulting  from  growing  public  concern  overconcentration of economic power in corporations.
Government actions, incl
uding trade protection and national security policies of U.S. and foreign government bodies, such as tariffs, import or exportregulati
ons, including deemed export restrictions, trade and economic sanctions, decrees, quotas or other trade barriers and restrictions could affectour
 ability  to  ship  products,  provide  services  to  our  customers  and  employees,  do  business  without  an  export  license  with  entities  on  the  U.S.Department
 of Commerce’s U.S. Entity List or other U.S. government restricted parties lists (which is expected to change from time to time), andgenerally
 fulfill our contractual obligations and have a material adverse effect on our business. For example, in response to the Russian invasion ofUkraine,
 the United States and certain allies have imposed economic sanctions and export control measures and may impose additional sanctionsor export
 control measures, which have and could in the future result in, among other things, severe or complete restrictions on exports to and othercommerce and business dealin
gs involving Russia, certain regions of Ukraine, and/or particular entities and individuals. Such actions have limited orblocked,
 or  could  in  the  future  limit  or  block  the  passage  of  our  products,  services  and  support  into  Russia  or  other  regions  determined  to  besupporting
 Russia, and restrict access by our Russian or Ukrainian employees (both within and outside of Russia and Ukraine) to our systems,negatively
 impacting  productivity.  Given  these  recent  sanctions  and  export  restrictions  imposed  by  the  United  States  and  foreign  governmentbodies, we
 recently ceased product sales to Russia. While we have policies and procedures in place to ensure compliance with sanctions and traderestrictions,
 our employees, contractors, partners, and agents may take actions in violations of such policies and applicable law, for which we maybe
 ultimately held responsible. If we were ever found to have violated U.S. export control laws, we may be subject to various penalties availableunder
 the laws, any of which could have a material  and adverse  impact  on our business,  operating  results and financial condition.  Additionally,changes
 in the public perception  of  governments  in the regions  where we operate  or plan to operate  could negatively  impact  our  business andresults of operations.
Geopolit
ical tensions and conflicts worldwide, including but not limited to Taiwan, China, Hong Kong, Israel and Korea where the manufacture of ourproduct
 components and final assembly of our products are concentrated, may result in changing regulatory requirements, trade policies, exportcontrols,
 import duties and economic disruptions that could impact our operating strategies, product demand, access to global markets, hiring, andprofitability. The increasing focus on the strategic importance of AI technol
ogies may result in additional regulatory restrictions that target products23
Table of Contentsand
 services capable of enabling or facilitating AI, including some or all of our product and service offerings. Such restrictions could limit our abilityto
 serve demand abroad and could negatively impact our business and financial results. Deemed export control limitations could negatively impactthe ability of our research and development teams to execute our roadmap or other ob
jectives in a timely manner.Recent restrictions imposed by
 the Chinese government on the duration of gaming activities and access to games may adversely affect our Gamingbusiness. Additiona
lly, revisions to laws or regulations or their interpretation and enforcement could result in increased taxation, trade sanctions, theimposition
 of import duties or tariffs, restrictions and controls on imports or exports, or other retaliatory actions, which could have an adverse effecton our business plans or impact the timing of our shipments.
Issues relating to the responsible use of AI in our offerings may result in reputational harm and 
liability.Concerns relati
ng to the responsible use of new and evolving technologies, such as AI, in our products and services, may result in reputational harmand
 liability, and may cause us to incur costs to resolve such issues. We are increasingly building AI capabilities into many of our products andservices.
 AI presents risks and challenges that could affect its adoption, and therefore our business. AI poses emerging ethical issues and if weenable
 or offer solutions that draw controversy due to their perceived or actual impact on society, or if we are unable to develop effective internalpolicies
 and frameworks relating to the responsible development and use of AI models and systems offered through our sales channels, we mayexperience
 brand or reputational harm, competitive harm or legal liability. Compliance with government regulation in the area of AI ethics may alsoincrease
 the cost of related research and development. Our failure to address concerns relating to the responsible use of AI by us or others couldundermine public confidenc
e in AI and slow adoption of AI in our products and services or cause reputational harm.Increased
 scrutiny from shareholders and others regarding our environmental, social and governance responsibilities could result inadditional costs or risks and adversely impact our reputation and willingness of customers and suppliers to do business with us.
Shareho
lder advocacy groups, certain institutional investors, investment funds, other market participants, shareholders and customers have focusedincreasingly
 on the ESG and sustainability practices of companies, including those associated with climate change and human rights. These partieshave
 placed increased importance on the implications of the social cost of their investments. If our ESG practices do not meet shareholder or otherindustry
 stakeholder  expectations  and  standards,  which  continue  to  evolve,  our  brand,  reputation  and  business  activities  may  be  negativelyimpacted. Any
 sustainability report that we publish or other sustainability disclosures we make may include our policies and practices on a variety ofsocial
 and  ethical  matters,  including  corporate  governance,  environmental  compliance,  employee  health  and  safety  practices,  human  capitalmanagement,
 product quality, supply chain management, and talent diversity and inclusion practices. It is possible that stakeholders may not besatisfied
 with our ESG practices or the speed of their adoption. We could also incur additional costs and require additional resources to monitor,report,
 and comply with various ESG practices, or choose not to conduct business with potential customers, or discontinue or not expand businesswith
 existing customers, due to our policies. Also, our failure, or perceived failure, to meet the standards included in any sustainability disclosurecould have a material negative impact on our reputati
on and business activities.Actions
 to adequately protect our IP rights could result in substantial costs to us and our ability to compete could be harmed if we areunsuccessful or if we are prohibited from making or selling our products.
From
 time  to  time,  we  are  involved  in  lawsuits  or  other  legal  proceedings  alleging  patent  infringement  or  other  IP  rights  violations  by  us,  ouremployees
 or  parties  that  we  have  agreed  to  indemnify  for  claims  of  infringement.  An  unfavorable  ruling  could  include  significant  damages,invalid
ation of one or more patents, indemnification of third parties, payment of lost profits, or injunctive relief. Claims that our products or processesinfringe the IP rights of others, regardless of their merit, could cause us to incur significant costs to respond to, defend, and resolve such claims, and
they may also divert the efforts and attention of management and technical person
nel.We
 may  commence  legal  proceedings  in  order  to  protect  our  IP  rights,  which  may  increase  our  operating  expenses  and  negatively  impact  ouroperating
 results. We could be subject to countersuits as a result. If infringement claims are made against us or our products are found to infringe athird
 party’s IP, we or one of our indemnitees may have to seek a license to the third party’s IP rights. However, we may not be able to obtainlicenses
 at all or on terms acceptable to us. If we or one of our indemnitees is unable to obtain such a license, we could be subject to substantialliabilities
 or have to suspend or discontinue the manufacture and sale of one or more of our products. We may also have to make royalty or otherpayments, or cross license our technology. If these arrangements are not concluded o
n commercially reasonable24
Table of Contentsterms,
 our business could be negatively impacted. Furthermore, the indemnification of a customer or other indemnitee may increase our operatingexpenses which could neg
atively impact our operating results.We
 rely on patents, trademarks, trade secrets, employee and third-party nondisclosure agreements, licensing arrangements, and the laws of thecountries in which we
 operate to protect our IP. Foreign laws may not protect our products or IP rights to the same extent as United States law. Thismakes the possibility of piracy of our technology and prod
ucts more likely. The theft or unauthorized use or publication of our trade secrets and otherconfidential
 business  information  could  harm  our  competitive  position  and  reduce  acceptance  of  our  products;  as  a  result,  the  value  of  ourinvestment in
 research and development, product development, and marketing could be reduced. We also may face risks to our IP if our employeesare
 hired  by  potential  competitors.  We  continuously  assess  whether  and  where  to  seek  formal  protection  for  existing  and  new  innovations  andtechnologies
 but  cannot  be  certain  whether  our  applications  for  such  protections  will  be approved,  and,  if  approved,  whether  we  will  be able  toenforce such protections.
We
 are subject to stringent and changing data privacy and security obligations. Privacy concerns relating to our products and servicescould
 damage our reputation, deter current and potential users from using our products and services, or result in legal or regulatoryproceedings and liability.
Our products and services may provide us with access to sensitive, confidentia
l or personal data or information that is subject to privacy and securitylaws,
 regulations, industry standards, external and internal policies, contracts and other obligations that govern the processing of such data by usand
 on  our  behalf.  Concerns  about  our  practices  or  the  ultimate  use  of  our  products  and  services  with  regard  to  the  collection,  use,  retention,security
 or  disclosure  of  personal  information  or  other  privacy-related  matters,  including  for  use  in  AI,  even  if  unfounded,  could  damage  ourreputation
 and adversely affect our operating results. The theft, loss, or misuse of personal data in our possession or by one of our partners couldresult
 in damage  to  our  reputation,  regulatory  proceedings,  disruption  of  our  business  activities  or  increased  security  costs  and costs  related  todefending legal claims.
Worldwide
 regulatory authorities are considering and have approved various legislative proposals concerning data protection. The European Unionadopted the
 General Data Protection Regulation, or GDPR, and the United Kingdom similarly adopted the U.K. GDPR, governing the strict handlingof personal data of
 persons within the European Economic Area, or EEA, and the United Kingdom, respectively, including its use and protection andthe
 ability of persons whose data is stored to access, correct and delete such data about themselves. If we are found not to comply, we could besubject
 to  penalties  of  up  to  €20  million  or  4%  of  worldwide  revenue,  whichever  is  greater,  and  individuals  may  initiate  litigation  related  to  ourprocessing
 of their personal data. Furthermore, there exists a proposed European regulation related to AI that, if adopted, could impose onerousobligations and could req
uire us to change our business practices.Certain
 jurisdictions have enacted data localization laws and cross-border personal data transfer laws. For example, the GDPR generally restrictsthe transfer of personal data to
 countries outside of the EEA. The European Commission released a set of “Standard Contractual Clauses” designedfor entities
 to validly transfer personal data out of the EEA to jurisdictions that the European Commission has not found to provide an adequate levelof
 protection, including the United States. Other jurisdictions have enacted or are considering similar cross-border personal data transfer laws andlocal
 personal data residency laws, any of which could increase the cost and complexity of doing business. The inability to import personal data tothe
 United States could significantly and negatively impact our business operations, limit our ability to collaborate with parties that are subject toEuropean
 and other data privacy and security laws, or require us to increase our personal data processing capabilities in Europe and/or elsewhereat significant expense.
The
 United  States  federal,  state  and  local  governments  have  enacted  numerous  data  privacy  and  security  laws,  including  for  data  breachnotification,
 personal data privacy, and consumer protection. The California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018, or CCPA, gives California residents theright
 to access, delete and opt-out  of certain sharing of their personal information,  and to receive detailed information  about how it is used andshared.
 The CCPA allows for statutory fines of up to $7,500 per violation and the law created a private right of action for certain data breaches.California’s
 privacy laws will further expand in 2023 under the California Privacy Rights Act of 2020, or CPRA, which may restrict the use of certaincategories
 of  sensitive  personal  information;  further  restrict  the  use  of  cross-contextual  advertising  techniques;  restrict  the  retention  of  personalinformation;
 expand  the  types  of  data  breaches  subject  to  the  private  right  of  action;  and  establish  the  California  Privacy  Protection  Agency  toimpose administrative fines.
 Virginia passed the Consumer Data Protection Act, and Colorado passed the Colorado Privacy Act, both of which differfrom
 the  CPRA  and  become  effective  in  2023.  If  we  become  subject  to  new  data  privacy  laws  the  risk  of  enforcement  action  against  us  couldincrease as we become subject to addition
al obligations.The
 interpretation and application of consumer and data protection laws in the United States, Europe and elsewhere are quickly changing and maybe interpreted and applied in a
n increasingly stringent fashion and in a manner that is25
Table of Contentsinconsistent
 with our data practices.  These obligations may necessitate changes to our information technologies, systems,  and practices  and tothose
 of any third parties that process personal data on our behalf. Despite our efforts, our personnel or third parties upon whom we rely may fail tocomply
 with such obligations. If we fail, or are perceived to have failed, to address or comply with data privacy and security obligations, we couldface
 significant  consequences,  including  but  not  limited  to,  government  enforcement  actions,  litigation,  additional  reporting  requirements  and/oroversight,
 bans on processing personal data and orders to destroy or not use personal data. Any of these events could have a material adverseeffect on our reputation, business, or financial conditio
n.We have exposure to tax liabilities and our operating results may be adversely impacted by higher than expected tax rates.
As
 a multinational corporation, we are subject to income taxes as well as non-income-based taxes, such as payroll, sales, use, value-added, networth,
 property  and  goods  and  services  taxes,  in  both  the  United  States  and  various  foreign  jurisdictions.  Our  domestic  and  international  taxliabilities
 are  subject  to  the  allocation  of  revenue  and  expenses  in  different  jurisdictions.  Significant  judgment  is  required  in  determining  ourworldwide
 provision for income taxes and other tax liabilities. We are regularly under audit by tax authorities in different jurisdictions. For example,we
 are currently under examination by the Internal Revenue Service for our fiscal years 2018 and 2019 and under audit in Germany, Israel andIndia.
 Although we believe our tax estimates are reasonable, tax authorities may disagree with certain positions we have taken, and any adverseoutcome
 of  such  a  review  or  audit  could  increase  our  worldwide  effective  tax  rate,  increase  the  amount  of  non-income  taxes  imposed  on  ourbusiness,
 and harm our financial position, results of operations, and cash flows. Further, changes in United States federal and state or internationaltax laws applicable to multination
al corporations or other fundamental law changes, including proposed changes to existing tax rules and regulationsunder
 the current U.S. administration and Congress and as a result of recommendations from intergovernmental economic organizations such asthe Organization for
 Economic Cooperation and Development, or OECD, may materially impact our tax expense and cash flows, as we experiencedin
 fiscal year 2018 with the passage of the 2017 Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, or TCJA. Starting in fiscal year 2023, the TCJA requires taxpayers tocapitalize
 research  and  development  expenditures  and  to  amortize  domestic  expenditures  over  five  years  and  foreign  expenditures  over  fifteenyears. If Congress does not modify or repeal this provision, it will materially reduce our cash flows beginning in fiscal year 2023. Furthermore, recent
proposals
 to  increase  the  U.S.  corporate  income  tax  rate  or  impose  a  minimum  tax  on  financial  statement  income,  increase  U.S.  taxation  ofinternational
 business operations and impose a global minimum tax, could result in increased marginal corporate tax rates. Numerous countries, aswell
 as  organizations  such  as  the  OECD,  support  the  global  minimum  tax  initiative  and  are  considering  changes  to  existing  tax  laws  or  haveproposed or
 enacted new laws that could increase our tax obligations in countries where we do business or cause us to change the way we operateour business, which could materially impact our results of operati
ons.Our
 future effective tax rate may also be affected by changes in our business or statutory rates, changes in jurisdictions in which our profits aredetermined
 to  be  earned  and  taxed,  changes  in  available  tax  credits,  the  resolution  of  issues  arising  from  tax  audits,  changes  in  United  Statesgenerally
 accepted accounting principles, adjustments to income taxes upon finalization of tax returns, increases in expenses not deductible for taxpurposes,
 changes in the valuation of our deferred tax assets and liabilities and in deferred tax valuation allowances, changing interpretation  ofexisting
 laws or regulations, the impact of accounting for stock-based compensation and the recognition of excess tax benefits and tax deficiencieswithin
 the  income  tax  provision  in  the  period  in  which  they  occur,  the  impact  of  accounting  for  business  combinations,  shifts  in  the  amount  ofearnings
 in  the  United  States  compared  with  other  regions  in  the  world  and  overall  levels  of  income  before  tax,  changes  in  the  domestic  orinternational
 organization of our business and structure, as well as the expiration of statute of limitations and settlements of audits. Any changes inour effective tax rate may reduce our net income.
Our business is exposed to the risks associated with litigation, investigations and regulatory proceedings.
We
 currently  and  will  likely  continue  to  face  legal,  administrative  and  regulatory  proceedings,  claims,  demands  and/or  investigations  involvingshareholder, consumer, competition and/or other issues relatin
g to our business. For example, we are currently defending on appeal the dismissal ofa securities
 class action lawsuit from multiple shareholders seeking to assert claims that we and certain of our officers made false and/or misleadingstatements
 related  to  channel  inventory  and  the  impact  of  cryptocurrency  mining  on  GPU  demand  in  2017  and  2018.  Litigation  and  regulatoryproceedings
 are  inherently  uncertain,  and  adverse  rulings  could  occur,  including  monetary  damages  or  fines,  or  an  injunction  stopping  us  frommanufacturing
 or  selling  certain  products,  engaging  in  certain  business  practices,  or  requiring  other  remedies,  such  as  compulsory  licensing  ofpatents. An unfavorable outcome or
 settlement may result in a material adverse impact on our business, results of operations, financial position, andoverall trends. Regardless of
 the outcome, litigation can be costly, time-consuming, and disruptive to our operations. Our business is subject to lawsand
26
Table of Contentsregulations
 that  are  complex  and  change  frequently.  We  may  be  required  to  incur  significant  expense  to  comply  with  changes  in,  or  remedyviolations of, 
these laws and regulations.Our
 indebtedness could adversely affect our financial position and cash flows from operations, and prevent us from implementing ourstrategy or fulfilling our contractual obligations.
As
 of January 30, 2022, we had outstanding a total of $11 billion in notes due by 2060. As each series of senior notes matures,  unless earlierredeemed
 or repurchased, we have to repay or refinance the notes. If we decide to refinance, we may be required to do so on different or lessfavorable
 terms or we may be unable to refinance the notes at all, both of which may adversely affect our financial condition. We also have a $575million commercial paper program.
Maintena
nce of our indebtedness and contractual restrictions, and future issuances of indebtedness could cause us to dedicate a substantial portionof
 our  cash  flows  from  operations  towards  debt  service  obligations  and  principal  repayments;  increase  our  vulnerability  to  adverse  changes  ingeneral
 economic, industry and competitive conditions; limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and our industry;impair
 our ability to obtain future financing for working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions, general corporate or other purposes; and restrictour ability to grant liens on property, enter into certain mergers, dispose of all or substantia
lly all of our assets, or materially change our business.We
 are required to comply with the covenants set forth in our indenture and our ability to comply may be affected by events beyond our control. Ifwe
 breach any of the covenants and do not obtain a waiver from the note holders or lenders, then any outstanding indebtedness may be declaredimmediately
 due and payable. Changes by any rating agency to our credit rating may negatively impact the value and liquidity of our securities,restrict our ability to obtain financing in the future and affect the terms of any such financing.
Delaware
 law and our certificate of incorporation, bylaws and agreement with Microsoft Corporation could delay or prevent a change incontrol.
Our
 status as a Delaware corporation and the anti-takeover provisions of the Delaware General Corporation Law may discourage, delay, or preventa
 change in control. Our certificate  of incorporation  and bylaws contain provisions that could make it more difficult for a third party to acquire amajority
 of our outstanding voting stock. These provisions include the ability of our Board of Directors to create and issue preferred stock, changethe
 number of directors, and to make, amend or repeal our bylaws without prior shareholder approval; the inability of our shareholders to act bywritten
 consent or to call special meetings; advance notice requirements for director nominations and shareholder proposals; and a super-majorityvoting requirement to
 amend some provisions in our certificate of incorporation and bylaws. In 2000, we entered into an agreement with Microsoft todevelop
 and sell graphics chips and license certain technology to Microsoft and its licensees for use in the Xbox. Under the agreement, if someonemakes
 an  offer  to  purchase  at  least  30%  of  the  outstanding  shares  of  our  common  stock,  Microsoft  may  have  first  and  last  rights  of  refusal  topurchase the stock. These provisions could delay or
 prevent a change in control of NVIDIA, discourage proxy contests, and make it more difficult forshareholders to elect directors of their choosing and to cause us to take other corporate acti
ons they desire.ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS
Not applicable.
ITEM 2. PROPERTIES
Our
 headquarters  is  in  Santa  Clara,  California.  We  own  and  lease  approximately  1.76  million  square  feet  of  office  and  building  space  for  ourcorporate
 headquarters. We have a new building at our Santa Clara campus which was completed in February 2022. In addition, we lease datacenter
 space  in  Santa  Clara,  California.  We  also  own  and  lease  facilities  for  data  centers,  research  and  development,  and/or  sales  andadministrative
 purposes throughout the U.S. and in various international locations, primarily in Asia, Israel, and Europe. We believe our existingfacilities,
 both  owned  and  leased,  are  in  good  condition  and  suitable  for  the  conduct  of  our  business.  We  do  not  identify  or  allocate  assets  byoperating
 segment.  For  additional  information  regarding  obligations  under  leases,  refer  to  Note  3  of  the  Notes  to  the  Consolidated  FinancialStatements in Part IV, Item 15 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, which information is hereby incorporated by reference.
ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS
Please see Note 13 of the
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part IV, Item 15 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for a discussion ofour legal proceedings.
27
Table of ContentsITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES
Not Applicable.
PART II
ITEM
 5.  MARKET  FOR  REGISTRANT’S  COMMON  EQUITY,  RELATED  STOCKHOLDER  MATTERS  AND  ISSUERPURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES
Our
 common stock is traded on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol NVDA. Public trading of our common stock began on January22, 1999. Prior to
 that, there was no public market for our common stock. As of March 11, 2022, we had approximately 313 registered shareholders,not including those shares held i
n street or nominee name.On July 19, 2021, we exec
uted a four-for-one stock split of our common stock, such that each stockholder of record at the close of business on June21, 2021 received a dividen
d of three additional shares of common stock for every share held on the record date, or the Stock Split. All share, equityaward,
 and per share amounts and related shareholders' equity balances presented herein have been retroactively adjusted to reflect the StockSplit.
Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities
Beginning August 200
4, our Board of Directors authorized us to repurchase our stock.Since
 the  inception  of  our  share  repurchase  program,  we  have  repurchased  an  aggregate  of  1.04  billion  shares  for  a  total  cost  of  $7.08  billionthrough January 30, 2022.
The
 repurchases can be made in the open market, in privately negotiated transactions, or in structured share repurchase programs, and can bemade
 in one or more larger repurchases, in compliance with Rule 10b-18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, subject to marketconditions,
 applicable legal requirements, and other factors. The program does not obligate NVIDIA to acquire any particular amount of commonstock and the program may be suspended at any time at our discretion.
We
 did  not  repurchase  any  shares  during  fiscal  year  2022.  As  of  January  30,  2022,  we  are  authorized,  subject  to  certain  specifications,  torepurchase shares of our common stock up to $7.24 billion through D
ecember 2022.In
 fiscal year 2022, we paid $399 million in quarterly cash dividends. Our cash dividend program and the payment of future cash dividends underthat
 program are subject to our Board's continuing determination that the dividend program and the declaration of dividends thereunder are in thebest interests of our shareholders.
During the fourth
 quarter of fiscal year 2022, our Board of Directors approved the retirement of all existing 349 million treasury shares. Refer to Note15 of
 the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part IV, Item 15 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for further discussion regarding theretirement of our treasury shares.
Restricted Stock Unit Share Withholding
We
 withhold common stock shares associated with net share settlements to cover tax withholding obligations upon the vesting of restricted stockunit
 awards under our employee equity incentive program. During fiscal year 2022, we withheld approximately 8 million shares for a total value of$1.90
 billion through net share settlements. Beginning with the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2022, the tax withholding is recorded as a reduction toadditional
 paid-in  capital,  with  withheld  shares  assuming  the  status  of  authorized  and  unissued  shares.  Refer  to  Note  4  of  the  Notes  to  theConsolidated
 Financial  Statements  in  Part  IV,  Item  15  of  this  Annual  Report  on  Form  10-K  for  further  discussion  regarding  our  equity  incentiveplans.
Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities and Use of Proceeds
During
 fiscal year 2022, we issued a total of 175,333 shares of our common stock as consideration in connection with acquisitions, all in privatetransactions
 exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, pursuant to Section 4(a)(2), Regulation D, orRegulation S.
28
Table of ContentsStock Performance Graphs 
The
 following graph compares the cumulative total shareholder return for our common stock, the S&P 500 Index, and the Nasdaq 100 Index for thefive
 years ended January 30, 2022. The graph assumes that $100 was invested on January 29, 2017 in our common stock and in each of the S&P500
 Index and the Nasdaq 100 Index. Our common stock is a component of each of the presented indices. Total return assumes reinvestment ofdividends in each of the indices i
ndicated. Total return is based on historical results and is not intended to indicate future performance.
*$100 invested on 1/29/17 in stock and in i
ndices, including reinvestment of dividends.Source: FactSet financial data and analytics.
 
1/29/2017 1/28/2018 1/27/2019 1/26/2020 1/31/2021 1/30/2022 NVIDIA Corporation
$ 100.00 $ 218.55 $ 144.24 $ 226.48 $ 470.59 $ 828.15 S&P 500
$ 100.00 $ 125.54 $ 122.64 $ 149.23 $ 174.97 $ 215.72 Nasdaq 100
$ 100.00 $ 136.00 $ 136.62 $ 179.79 $ 260.70 $ 303.21 ITEM 6. (RESERVED)
29
Table of ContentsITEM 7. MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
The
 following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with “Item 1A. Risk Factors”,our
 Consolidated  Financial  Statements  and  related  Notes  thereto,  as  well  as  other  cautionary  statements  and  risks  described  elsewhere  in  thisAnnual Report on Form 10-K, before deciding to purch
ase, hold or sell shares of our common stock. Overview
Our Company and Our Businesses
NVIDIA
 pioneered accelerated computing to help solve the most challenging computational problems. Since our original focus on PC graphics, wehave
 expanded to several other large and important computationally intensive fields. Fueled by the sustained demand for exceptional 3D graphicsand
 the scale of the gaming market, NVIDIA has leveraged its GPU architecture to create platforms for scientific computing, AI, data science, AV,robotics, AR and VR.
Our two operating segments are "Graphics" and "Compute & Networking." Refer to Note 17 of the Notes to the Consoli
dated Financial Statements inPart IV, Item 15 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information.
Headquartered in Santa Clara, Cal
ifornia, NVIDIA was incorporated in California in April 1993 and reincorporated in Delaware in April 1998.Recent Developments, Future Objectives and Challenges
Termination of the Arm Share Purchase Agreement
On
 February 8, 2022, NVIDIA and SoftBank announced the termination of the Share Purchase Agreement whereby NVIDIA would have acquiredArm
 from SoftBank. The parties agreed to terminate because of significant regulatory challenges preventing the completion of the transaction. Weintend to record in operating expenses a
 $1.36 billion charge in the first quarter of fiscal year 2023 reflecting the write-off of the prepayment providedat signing in September 2020.
Demand
Demand
 for our products is based on many factors, including our product introductions, time to market, transitions, competitor product releases andannouncements,
 and competing technologies, all of which can impact the timing and volume of our revenue. GPUs have use cases in addition totheir
 designed and marketed use case, such as for digital currency mining, including blockchain-based platforms such as Ethereum. It is difficult forus
 to  estimate  with  any  reasonable  degree  of  precision  the  past  or  current  impact  of  cryptocurrency  mining,  or  forecast  the  future  impact  ofcryptocurrency
 mining, on demand for our products. Volatility in the cryptocurrency market, including new compute technologies, price changes incryptocurren
cies, government cryptocurrency policies and regulations, and new cryptocurrency standards can impact and have impacted in the pastcryptocurrency demand, and further impact demand for our products and our ability to estimate demand for our products. Chan
ges to cryptocurrencystandards
 and processes including, but not limited to, the pending Ethereum 2.0 standard may decrease the usage of GPUs for Ethereum miningand may
 also create increased aftermarket resale of our GPUs, impact retail prices for our GPUs, increase returns of our products in the distributionchannel,
 and  may  reduce  demand  for  our  new  GPUs.  We  have  introduced  LHR  GeForce  GPUs  with  limited  Ethereum  mining  capability  andincreased
 the supply of CMP in an effort to address demand from gamers and direct miners to CMP. Beginning in the second quarter of fiscal year2022,
 nearly all our desktop NVIDIA Ampere architecture GeForce GPU shipments were LHR in our effort to direct GeForce to gamers. If attemptsin
 the aftermarket to improve the hash rate capabilities of our LHR cards are successful, our gaming cards may become more attractive to miners,and therefore limit our ability to supply our cards to non-mining customers. We cannot predict whether our strategy of using LHR cards and CMP will
achieve
 our desired outcome. Additionally, consumer and enterprise behavior during the COVID-19 pandemic has made it more difficult for us toestimate future demand and may
 have changed pre-pandemic behaviors, and these challenges may be more pronounced or volatile in the future onboth
 a  global  and  regional  basis.  In  estimating  demand  and  evaluating  trends,  we  make  multiple  assumptions,  any  of  which  may  prove  to  beincorrect.
Supply
Our
 manufacturing lead times are very long and in some cases, extend to be twelve months or longer, which requires us to make estimates ofcustomers’
 future demand. These conditions could lead to a significant mismatch between supply and demand, giving rise to product shortages orexcess inventory, and make our demand forecast more uncertain. To
30
Table of Contentshave
 shorter  shipment  lead  times  and  quicker  delivery  schedules  for  our  customers,  we  may  build  finished  products  and  maintain  inventory  foranticipated
 periods of growth which do not occur, anticipating demand that does not materialize, or for what we believe is pent-up demand. Duringfiscal year 2022, we made
 substantial strides in broadening our supply base to scale our company and better serve customer demand. We expect toremain
 supply-constrained into the first half of fiscal year 2023, primarily in Gaming and Networking. We have placed non-cancellable inventoryorders for
 certain supply in advance of our historical lead times, paid premiums and provided deposits to secure future supply and capacity and mayneed
 to continue to do so in the future. Ordering product in advance of our historical lead times to secure supply in a constrained environment maytrigger excess invent
ory or other charges if there is a partial or complete reduction in long-term demand for our products or if such demand is servedby
 our competitors. Given our long lead times on inventory purchasing, demand may be perishable or may disappear. Given our current long leadtimes,
 we may order components before our product design is finalized and changes to the product design or end demand could trigger excessinventory.
 Our supply deliveries and production may be non-linear within a quarter or year which could cause changes to expected revenue or cashflows.
COVID-19
The
 COVID-19 pandemic continued during fiscal year 2022. Most of our employees continue to work remotely and we have paused most businesstravel.
 During fiscal year 2022, our Gaming, Data Center and Professional Visualization market platforms have benefited from stronger demand aspeople
 continue to work, learn, and play from home. Our Professional Visualization market platform also benefited from demand for workstations asenterprises
 support  hybrid  work  environments.  As  our  offices  begin  to  reopen,  we  expect  to  incur  incremental  expenses  as  we  resume  onsiteservices and related in-office costs.
As
 the  COVID-19  pandemic  continues,  the  timing  and  overall  demand  from  customers,  the  availability  of  supply  chain,  logistical  services  andcomponent supply, and the impact of rising inflation may hav
e a material net negative impact on our business and financial results.We
 believe our existing balances of cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities, along with commercial paper arrangements, will be sufficientto
 satisfy  our  working  capital  needs,  capital  asset  purchases,  dividends,  debt  repayments  and  other  liquidity  requirements  associated  with  ourexisting operations.
Fiscal Year 2022 Summary
 
Year Ended  
January 30,2022
January 31,2021
Change ($ in millions, except per share data)
Revenue
$ 26,914 $ 16,675 Up 61% Gross margin
64.9 % 62.3 % Up 260 bps Operating expenses
$ 7,434 $ 5,864 Up 27% Income from operations
$ 10,041 $ 4,532 Up 122% Net income
$ 9,752 $ 4,332 Up 125% Net income per diluted share
$ 3.85 $ 1.73 Up 123% We
 specialize  in  markets  where  our  computing  platforms  can  provide  tremendous  acceleration  for  applications.  These  platforms  incorporateprocessors,
 interconnects, software, algorithms, systems, and services to deliver unique value. Our platforms address four large markets where ourexpertise is critical: Gaming, Data Center, Professional Visual
ization, and Automotive.Revenue for fiscal year 2022 was $26.91 bi
llion, up 61% from a year ago.Gaming
 revenue was up 61% from a year ago reflecting higher sales of GeForce GPUs. We continue to benefit from strong demand for NVIDIAAmpere architecture products, and believe the
 increase in Gaming revenue during fiscal year 2022 resulted from a combination of factors, including:the
 ramp of new RTX 30 Series GPUs; the release of new games supporting ray tracing; the rising popularity of gaming, esports, content creationand
 streaming;  the  demand  for  new  and  upgraded  systems  to  support  the  increase  in  remote  work;  and  the  ability  of  end  users  to  engage  incryptocurrency mining.
31
Table of ContentsAlthough
 nearly all desktop NVIDIA Ampere architecture GeForce GPU shipments are LHR to help direct GeForce GPUs to gamers, our GPUs arecapable
 of cryptocurrency mining. Gamers and others are therefore able to mine cryptocurrency using our GPUs, although we have limited visibilityinto
 how much this impacts our overall GPU demand. Volatility in the cryptocurrency market, including changes in the prices of cryptocurrencies ormethod
 of verifying transactions, such as proof of work or proof of stake, can impact demand for our products and degrade our ability to accuratelyestimate it. We are unable to estimate with any degree of precision the impact this volatil
ity is likely to have in the future.Data Center revenue was up 58% from a year ago primarily driven by sales of NVIDIA Amp
ere architecture GPUs across both training and inferencefor cloud computing and AI workloads such as natural l
anguage processing and deep recommender models.Professional
 Visualization revenue was up 100% from a year ago driven by the ramp of NVIDIA Ampere architecture products and strong demandfor workstations as enterprises support hybrid work environments, as well as growth in w
orkloads such as 3D design, AI and rendering.Automotive revenue was up 6% from a year ago due to self-driving and AI cockp
it solutions offset by a decline in legacy cockpit revenue.OEM
 and Other revenue was up 84% from a year ago primarily driven by CMP sales. CMP revenue was $550 million for the fiscal year and wasnominal in the prior year.
Revenue for our CMP products declined sign
ificantly in the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2022. We are unable to estimate with any degree of precisionthe impact that volatility in the cryptocurrency market, as discussed above, is likely to have on future CMP sales.
Gross
 margin for fiscal year 2022 was up 260 basis points from a year ago driven by lower Mellanox acquisition-related charges, including a non-recurring inventory step-up charge of $161 million i
n fiscal year 2021. Margins also benefited from a higher-end mix within Gaming, partially offset bya mix shift within Data Center.
Operating
 expenses for fiscal year 2022 were up 27% from a year ago primarily driven by stock-based compensation, compensation-related costsassociated with employee growth and h
igher infrastructure costs.Income from operations was $10.04 bill
ion, up 122% from a year ago. Net income and net income per diluted share were $9.75 billion and $3.85, up125% and 123%, respectively, from a year ago.
Cash, cash equivalents and marketable sec
urities were $21.21 billion, up from $11.56 billion a year earlier. The increase reflects operating cash flowgeneration and $5.00 bill
ion of debt issuance proceeds.We paid $399 million in quarterly cash d
ividends in fiscal year 2022.Market Platform Highlights
At
 our November  2021 GPU  Technology Conference,  we announced general availability  of NVIDIA  Omniverse  Enterprise;  65 new and updatedsoftware
 development  kits,  including  NVIDIA  Riva,  Modulus,  ReOpt,  Morpheus,  cuNumeric,  and  Clara  Holoscan;  NVIDIA  Quantum-2  400Gbpsswitch and end-to-end networking platform; and NVIDIA Jetson AGX Orin for edge AI an
d autonomous machines.In
 our Gaming platform during fiscal year 2022, we further expanded our desktop and laptop GeForce RTX 30 Series GPU line-ups; expanded theRTX
 ecosystem of games and applications to over 240; announced plans to integrate NVIDIA DLSS into the Unity game engine; and introduced anew high-performance membership tier to GeForce NOW.
In
 our Data Center platform, we launched new NVIDIA A30 and A10 GPUs for mainstream AI, data analytics and graphics; debuted a new class ofNVIDIA-Certified
 Systems  with  leading  server  OEMs;  unveiled  NVIDIA  Grace,  our  first  Arm-based  data  center  CPU;  launched  the  NVIDIA  AIEnterprise software suite; unveiled the NVIDIA Base Comman
d and Fleet Command AI software offerings; and announced plans to build Earth-2, anAI supercomputer dedicated to addressing the glo
bal climate change crisis.In
 our Professional Visualization platform, we unveiled NVIDIA RTX GPUs for next-generation notebook and desktop workstations; and launchedNVIDIA Omniverse Enterprise for collaborative 3D design, di
gital twins and virtual worlds and NVIDIA Omniverse for Creators.32
Table of ContentsIn
 our Automotive  platform,  we unveiled the  NVIDIA  DRIVE Atlan  next-generation  SOC;  announced design wins with Mercedes-Benz  for  the  AIcockpit
 in its new EQS sedan; with Volvo Cars for the autonomous driving computer in its next-generation cars, beginning with the XC90 in 2022;with
 energy vehicles from R-Auto, IM Motors, NIO, Faraday Future, VinFast and Xpeng; with robotaxis including Cruise, Amazon Zoox, Pony.ai andAutoX;
 with autonomous trucking companies Embark, Kodiak Robotics and Plus; formed a multi-year partnership with Jaguar Land Rover to jointlydevelop
 and  deliver  next-generation  automated  driving  systems,  plus  AI-enabled  services  and  experiences;  and  announced  that  Desay,  Flex,Quanta, Valeo and ZF are using the NVIDIA DRIVE Hyp
erion platform to manufacture safe and secure AV systems for vehicle makers.Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates
Management’s
 discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations are based upon our consolidated financial statements, whichhave
 been prepared in accordance with accounting  principles generally accepted in the United States,  or U.S. GAAP.  The preparation  of thesefinancial
 statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue, cost of revenue,expenses
 and related disclosure of contingencies. On an on-going basis, we evaluate our estimates, including those related to inventories, revenuerecognition,
 income taxes, and goodwill. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that are believed to bereasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgme
nts about the carrying values of assets and liabilities.We
 believe  the  following  critical  accounting  policies  affect  our  significant  judgments  and  estimates  used  in  the  preparation  of  our  consolidatedfinancial
 statements. Our management has discussed the development and selection of these critical accounting policies and estimates with theAudit
 Committee  of  our  Board  of  Directors.  The  Audit  Committee  has  reviewed  our  disclosures  relating  to  our  critical  accounting  policies  andestimates in this Annual Report on Form 10-K.
Inventories
Inventory
 cost is computed on an adjusted standard basis, which approximates actual cost on an average or first-in, first-out basis. We charge costof
 sales for inventory provisions to write-down our inventory to the lower of cost or net realizable value or for obsolete or excess inventory. Most ofour
 inventory  provisions  relate  to  excess  quantities  of  products  or  components,  based  on  our  inventory  levels  and  future  product  purchasecommitments compared to assumptions about future demand and market conditions.
Situations
 that  may  result  in excess  or  obsolete  inventory  include changes in business  and economic  conditions,  changes  in market  conditions,sudden and significant decre
ases in demand for our products, inventory obsolescence because of changing technology and customer requirements,new
 product introductions resulting in less demand for existing products or inconsistent spikes in demand due to unexpected end use cases, failureto
 estimate customer demand properly, ordering in advance of historical lead-times and the impact of changes in future demand, or increase indemand
 for competitive products, including competitive actions. Cancellation or deferral of customer purchase orders could result in our holdingexcess inventory.
The
 overall net effect on our gross margin from inventory provisions and sales of items previously written down was an unfavorable impact of 0.9%in
 fiscal year 2022 and insignificant in fiscal year 2021. As a fabless semiconductor company, we must make commitments to purchase inventorybased
 on forecasts of future customer demand. In doing so, we must account for our third-party manufacturers' lead times and constraints. Ourmanufacturing
 lead  times  are  very  long  and  in  some  cases,  extend  on  to  be  twelve  months  or  longer,  which  requires  us  to  make  estimates  ofcustomers’
 future demand. We place non-cancellable inventory orders for certain products in advance of our historical lead times, pay premiumsand
 provide deposits to secure future supply and capacity. We also adjust to other market factors, such as product offerings and pricing actions byour competitors, new product transitions, and macroeconomic conditio
ns - all of which may impact demand for our products.Refer to the Gross Profit and Gross Margin discussion below in this Management's Disc
ussion and Analysis for further discussion.Revenue Recognition
We
 derive our revenue from product sales, including hardware and systems, license and development arrangements, software licensing, and cloudservices.
 We determine revenue recognition through the following steps: (1) identification of the contract with a customer; (2) identification of theperformance
 obligations  in  the  contract;  (3)  determination  of  the  transaction  price;  (4)  allocation  of  the  transaction  price  to  the  performanceobligations in the contract (where revenue is
33
Table of Contentsallocated
 on a relative standalone selling price basis by maximizing the use of observable inputs to determine the standalone selling price for eachperformance obligation); and (5) recognition of revenu
e when, or as, we satisfy a performance obligation.Product Sales Revenue
Revenue
 from product sales is recognized upon transfer of control of products to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration we expectto
 receive in exchange for those products. Certain products are sold with support or an extended warranty for the incorporated system, hardware,and/or
 software. Support and extended warranty revenue are recognized ratably over the service period, or as services are performed. Revenue isrecognized net of allowances for returns, customer programs and any taxes collecte
d from customers.For
 products sold with a right of return, we record a reduction to revenue by establishing a sales return allowance for estimated product returns atthe
 time revenue is recognized, based primarily on historical return rates. However, if product returns for a fiscal period are anticipated to exceedhistorical
 return rates, we may determine that additional sales return allowances are required to properly reflect our estimated exposure for productreturns.
Our
 customer programs involve rebates, which are designed to serve as sales incentives to resellers of our products in various target markets, andmarketing
 development funds, or MDFs, which represent monies paid to our partners that are earmarked for market segment development and aredesigned to support our partners’ activities whil
e also promoting NVIDIA products. We account for customer programs as a reduction to revenue andaccrue for potential rebates and MDFs based on the amount we exp
ect to be claimed by customers.License and Development Arrangements
Our
 license  and  development  arrangements  with  customers  typically  require  significant  customization  of  our  IP  components.  As  a  result,  werecognize
 the revenue from the license and the revenue from the development services as a single performance obligation over the period in whichthe
 development  services  are  performed.  We  measure  progress  to  completion  based  on  actual  cost  incurred  to  date  as  a  percentage  of  theestimated
 total cost required to complete each project. If a loss on an arrangement becomes probable during a period, we record a provision forsuch loss in that period.
Refer
 to  Note  1  of  the  Notes  to  the  Consolidated  Financial  Statements  in  Part  IV,  Item  15  of  this  Annual  Report  on  Form  10-K  for  additionalinformation.
Income Taxes
We
 recognize federal, state and foreign current tax liabilities or assets based on our estimate of taxes payable or refundable in the current fiscalyear
 by tax jurisdiction. We recognize federal, state and foreign deferred tax assets or liabilities, as appropriate, for our estimate of future tax effectsattributable
 to temporary differences and carryforwards; and we record a valuation allowance to reduce any deferred tax assets by the amount ofany tax benefits that, based on available evi
dence and judgment, are not expected to be realized.Our
 calculation  of  deferred  tax  assets  and  liabilities  is  based  on  certain  estimates  and  judgments  and  involves  dealing  with  uncertainties  in  theapplication
 of complex tax laws. Our estimates of deferred tax assets and liabilities may change based, in part, on added certainty or finality to ananticipated
 outcome, changes in accounting standards or tax laws in the United States, or foreign jurisdictions where we operate, or changes inother
 facts  or  circumstances.  In  addition,  we  recognize  liabilities  for  potential  United  States  and  foreign  income  tax  contingencies  based  on  ourestimate
 of whether, and the extent to which, additional taxes may be due. If we determine that payment of these amounts is unnecessary or if therecorded
 tax liability is less than our current assessment, we may be required to recognize an income tax benefit or additional income tax expensein our financial statements accordingly.
As
 of  January  30,  2022,  we  had  a  valuation  allowance  of  $907  million  related  to  state  and  certain  other  deferred  tax  assets  that  managementdetermined
 are  not  likely  to  be  realized  due  to  jurisdictional  projections  of  future  taxable  income,  tax  attributes  usage  limitation  by  certainjurisdictions,
 and potential utilization limitations of tax attributes acquired as a result of stock ownership changes. To the extent realization of thedeferred tax assets becomes more-likely-than-not, we would recogniz
e such deferred tax assets as an income tax benefit during the period.We
 recognize the benefit from a tax position only if it is more-likely-than-not that the position would be sustained upon audit based solely on thetechnica
l merits of the tax position. Our policy is to include interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits as a component of income taxexpense.
34
Table of ContentsRefer
 to  Note  14  of  the  Notes  to  the  Consolidated  Financial  Statements  in  Part  IV,  Item  15  of  this  Annual  Report  on  Form  10-K  for  additionalinformation.
Goodwill
Goodwill
 is subject to our annual impairment test during the fourth quarter of our fiscal year, or earlier, if indicators of potential impairment exist,using
 either a qualitative or a quantitative assessment. Our impairment review process compares the fair value of the reporting unit in which thegoodwill
 resides to its carrying value. As of January 30, 2022, the total carrying amount of goodwill was $4.35 billion and the amount of goodwillallocate
d to our Graphics and Compute & Networking reporting units was $361 million and $3.99 billion, respectively. Determining the fair value of areporting
 unit  requires  us  to  make  judgments  and  involves  the  use  of  significant  estimates  and  assumptions.  We  also  make  judgments  andassumptions
 in allocating assets and liabilities to each of our reporting units. We base our fair value estimates on assumptions we believe to bereasonable but that are unpredictable a
nd inherently uncertain.We performed our
 annual goodwill assessment during the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2022 using a qualitative assessment and concluded there wasno goodwill impairment.
Refer
 to  Note  6  of  the  Notes  to  the  Consolidated  Financial  Statements  in  Part  IV,  Item  15  of  this  Annual  Report  on  Form  10-K  for  additionalinformation.
Results of Operations
A
 discussion regarding our financial condition and results of operations for fiscal year 2022 compared to fiscal year 2021 is presented below. Adiscussi
on regarding our financial condition and results of operations for fiscal year 2021 compared to fiscal year 2020 can be found under Item 7 inour
 Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2021, filed with the SEC on February 26, 2021, which is available free ofcharge on the SEC’s website at http://www.sec.gov and at our investor relatio
ns website, http://investor.nvidia.com.The
 following  table  sets  forth,  for  the  periods  indicated,  certain  items  in  our  Consolidated  Statements  of  Income  expressed  as  a  percentage  ofrevenue. 
  
Year Ended  
January 30,2022
January 31,2021
Revenue
100.0 % 100.0 % Cost of revenue
35.1 37.7 Gross profit
64.9 62.3 Operating expenses:
 Research and development
19.6 23.5 Sales, general and administrative
8.0 11.6 Total operating expenses
27.6 35.1 Income from operations
37.3 27.2 Interest income
0.1 0.3 Interest expense
(0.9) (1.1) Other, net
0.4 0.1 Other income (expense), net
(0.4) (0.7) Income before income tax expense
36.9 26.5 Income tax expense
0.7 0.5 Net income
36.2 % 26.0 % 35
Table of ContentsRevenue
Revenue by Reportable Segments
Year Ended
January 30,
2022
January 31,2021
$Change
%Change
($ in millions)
Graphics
$ 15,868 $ 9,834 $ 6,034 61 %Compute & Networking
11,046 6,841 4,205 61 %Total
$ 26,914 $ 16,675 $ 10,239 61 %Graphics
 - Graphics  segment revenue increased by 61% in fiscal year 2022 compared to fiscal year 2021. We continue to benefit from strongdemand
 for NVIDIA Ampere architecture products, and believe the increase in Gaming revenue during fiscal year 2022 resulted from a combinationof
 factors,  including:  the  ramp  of  new  RTX  30  Series  GPUs;  the  release  of  new  games  supporting  ray  tracing;  the  rising  popularity  of  gaming,esports,
 content creation and streaming; the demand for new and upgraded systems to support the increase in remote work; and the ability of endusers to engage in cryptocurrency mining.
Compute
 & Networking - Compute  & Networking segment revenue increased by 61% in fiscal year 2022 compared to fiscal year 2021, drivenprimarily
 by sales of NVIDIA Ampere architecture products to hyperscale customers for cloud computing and workloads such as natural languageprocessing
 and deep recommender models, as well as to vertical industries. The increase compared to fiscal year 2021 also reflects the strongsales
 of networking products and that fiscal year 2022 includes a full year of networking revenue as Mellanox was acquired in April 2020. CMPcontributed $550 million in fiscal ye
ar 2022 compared to an insignificant amount in the prior year.Concentration of Revenue
Revenue
 from  sales  to  customers  outside  of  the  United  States  accounted  for  84%  and  81%  of  total  revenue  for  fiscal  years  2022  and  2021,respectively.
 Revenue by geographic region is allocated to individual countries based on the location to which the products are initially billed even ifthe revenue is attributable to end customers in a different location.
No customer represented 10% or more of total revenue for fiscal years 2022 and 2021.
Gross Profit and Gross Margin
Gross
 profit consists of total revenue, net of allowances, less cost of revenue. Cost of revenue consists primarily of the cost of semiconductors,including
 wafer fabrication, assembly, testing and packaging, board and device costs, manufacturing support costs, including labor and overheadassociated
 with  such  purchases,  final  test  yield  fallout,  inventory  and  warranty  provisions,  memory  and  component  costs,  tariffs,  and  shippingcosts. Cost
 of revenue also includes acquisition-related costs, development costs for license and service arrangements, IP-related costs, and stock-based compensation related to personn
el associated with manufacturing.Our
 overall gross margin was 64.9% and 62.3% for fiscal years 2022 and 2021, respectively. The increase in fiscal year 2022 was primarily due tolower Mellanox
 acquisition-related charges, including a non-recurring inventory step-up charge of $161 million in fiscal year 2021. The increase alsobenefited from a higher-end mix within Graphics, partially offset by a mix shift within Compute & N
etworking.Inventory
 provisions  totaled  $354  million  and  $116  million  for  fiscal  years  2022  and  2021,  respectively.  Sales  of  inventory  that  was  previouslywritten-off or written-dow
n totaled $111 million and $145 million for fiscal years 2022 and 2021, respectively. As a result, the overall net effect on ourgross margin was an unfavorable impact of 0.9% in fiscal year 2022 a
nd insignificant in fiscal year 2021.The
 gross margin of our Graphics segment increased during fiscal year 2022 when compared to fiscal year 2021, primarily due to higher-end mixwithin GeForce GPUs.
The
 gross margin of our Compute & Networking segment decreased during fiscal year 2022 when compared to fiscal year 2021, primarily due to ashift in product mix and partially offset by a reduced contribution from Automotive solutio
ns.36
Table of ContentsOperating Expenses
 
Year Ended  
January 30,2022
January 31,2021
$Change
%Change
 
($ in millions) Research and development
 expenses$ 5,268 $ 3,924 $ 1,344 34 %% of net revenue
19.6 % 23.5 %   Sales, general and admini
strative expenses2,166 1,940 226 12 %% of net revenue
8.0 %11.6 %   Total operating expenses
$ 7,434 $ 5,864 $ 1,570 27 %Research and Development
Research
 and  development  expenses  increased  by  34%  in  fiscal  year  2022  compared  to  fiscal  year  2021,  primarily  driven  by  stock-basedcompensation, compensation-related costs associ
ated with employee growth and higher infrastructure costs.Sales, General and Administrative
Sales,
 general and administrative expenses increased by 12% in fiscal year 2022 compared to fiscal year 2021, primarily driven by stock-basedcompensation, compensation-related costs associ
ated with employee growth, partially offset by lower amortization of intangibles.Other Income (Expense), Net
Interest
 income consists of interest earned on cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities. Interest income was $29 million and $57 million infiscal years 2022 and 2021, respectively. The decre
ase in interest income was primarily due to lower interest rates earned on our investments.Interest
 expense is primarily comprised of coupon interest and debt discount amortization related to our notes. Interest expense was $236 millionand $184 million in fiscal years 20
22 and 2021, respectively. The increase in expense reflects interest on the $5.00 billion note issued in June 2021.Other,
 net,  consists  primarily  of realized or unrealized gains and losses from  investments  in non-affiliated  entities  and the impact  of changes inforeign
 currency rates. Other, net, was an income of $107 million during fiscal year 2022 and not significant during fiscal year 2021. The increasewas
 primarily  due to unrealized gains from our investments  in non-affiliated  entities.  Refer to Note 9 of the Notes to the Consolidated FinancialStatements in Part IV, Item 15 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information regarding o
ur investments in non-affiliated entities.Income Taxes
We
 recognized income tax expense of $189 million and $77 million for fiscal years 2022 and 2021, respectively. Our annual effective tax rate was1.9% and 1.7% for fiscal years 2022 and 2021, respectively.
The increase
 in our effective tax rate in fiscal year 2022 as compared to fiscal year 2021 was primarily due to an increase in the amount of earningssubject
 to U.S. tax, and a decreased impact of tax benefits from the U.S. federal research tax credit, partially offset by the benefit of the foreign-derived intangible income d
eduction, and the discrete benefit of the domestication of a foreign subsidiary, or the Domestication.Our effective tax rate for fiscal year 2022 was lower than the U.S. federal statutory rate of 21% due to tax benefits from the foreign-derived intangible
income
 deduction, income earned in jurisdictions, including the British Virgin Islands and Israel, that are subject to taxes lower than the U.S. federalstatutory tax
 rate, excess tax benefits related to stock-based compensation, recognition of U.S. federal research tax credit and the one-time benefitsof the Domestication.
Our
 effective  tax rate for fiscal year 2021 was lower than the U.S. federal statutory  rate of 21% due primarily  to income earned in jurisdictions,including
 the British Virgin Islands, Israel, and Hong Kong, where the tax rate was lower than the U.S. federal statutory tax rate, recognition of U.S.federal research tax credits, and excess tax benefits related to stock-based compensatio
n.37
Table of ContentsRefer
 to  Note  14  of  the  Notes  to  the  Consolidated  Financial  Statements  in  Part  IV,  Item  15  of  this  Annual  Report  on  Form  10-K  for  additionalinformation, including the Domestication.
Liquidity and Capital Resources
 
January 30,2022
January 31,2021
 
(In millions) Cash and cash equivalents
$ 1,990 $ 847 Marketable securities
19,218 10,714 Cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securiti
es$ 21,208 $ 11,561  
Year Ended January 30,
2022
January 31,2021
 
(In millions) Net cash provided by operating activities
$ 9,108 $ 5,822 Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities
$ (9,830) $ (19,675) Net cash provided by financing activities
$ 1,865 $ 3,804 As of
 January 30, 2022, we had $21.21 billion in cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities, an increase of $9.65 billion from the end of fiscalyear
 2021. Our investment policy requires the purchase of highly rated fixed income securities, the diversification of investment types and creditexposures, and certain maturity limits on our portfolio.
Cash
 provided  by  operating  activities  increased  in  fiscal  year  2022  compared  to  fiscal  year  2021,  due  to  higher  net  income,  partially  offset  bychanges
 in working capital. Changes in working capital were primarily driven by prepayments of $1.87 billion for long-term supply agreements andincreases in trade receivables due to hig
her revenue.Cash used in investing activities decre
ased in fiscal year 2022 compared to cash provided in fiscal year 2021, reflecting lower payments in acquiringbusinesses
 as compared to the acquisition of Mellanox in fiscal year 2021, and higher marketable securities sales and maturities, partially offset byhigher purchases of marketable securities.
Cash
 provided by financing activities decreased in fiscal year 2022 compared to cash provided in fiscal year 2021, which primarily reflects a debtrepayment in the fiscal year 2022 and higher tax payments on restricted stock units.
Liquidity
Our
 primary sources of liquidity are our cash and cash equivalents, our marketable securities, and the cash generated by our operations. As ofJanuary 30, 2022, we had $21.21 billion in cash, cash equivale
nts and marketable securities. We believe that we have sufficient liquidity to meet ouroperating
 requirements for at least the next twelve months, and for the foreseeable future, including our future supply obligations and additionalsupply.
 We continuously evaluate our liquidity and capital resources, including our access to external capital, to ensure we can finance our futurecapital requirements.
Our
 marketable  securities  consist  of  certificates  of  deposits  and  debt  securities  issued  by  the  U.S.  government  and  its  agencies,  highly  ratedcorporatio
ns and financial institutions, and foreign government entities. These marketable securities are primarily denominated in U.S. dollars. Referto Note 8 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financia
l Statements in Part IV, Item 15 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information.During
 fiscal  year  2023,  we  expect  to  use  our  existing  cash  and  cash  equivalents,  our  marketable  securities,  and  the  cash  generated  by  ouroperations to fund our capital investments of approximately $1.4 b
illion related to property and equipment.We
 have approximately $1.4 billion of cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities held outside the U.S. for which we have not accrued anyrelated
 foreign  or  state  taxes  if  we  repatriate  these  amounts  to  the  U.S.  Other  than  that,  substantially  all  of  our  cash,  cash  equivalents  andmarketable
 securities  held  outside  of  the  U.S.  as  of  January  30,  2022  are  available  for  use  in  the  U.S.  without  incurring  additional  U.S.  federalincome taxes. Following the Domestication, we
38
Table of Contentshave utilized almost all of our accumulated U.S. federal research tax credits during fiscal year 2022, resultin
g in higher cash tax payments starting infiscal year 2023. In
 addition, beginning in fiscal year 2023, the TCJA requires taxpayers to capitalize research and development expenditures and toamortize domestic expenditur
es over five years and foreign expenditures over fifteen years. This will impact cash flows from operations and result insignific
antly higher cash tax payments starting in fiscal year 2023. Refer to Note 14 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part IV,Item 15 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information.
Capital Return to Shareholders
In
 fiscal year 2022, we paid $399 million in quarterly cash dividends. Our cash dividend program and the payment of future cash dividends underthat
 program are subject to our Board's continuing determination that the dividend program and the declaration of dividends thereunder are in thebest interests of our shareholders.
As
 of January 30, 2022, we were authorized, subject to certain specifications, to repurchase additional shares of our common stock up to $7.24billion through December 202
2. We did not repurchase any shares during fiscal year 2022.Outstanding Indebtedness and Commercial Paper Program
As of January 30, 2022, we had outstanding:
•
$1.25 billion of Notes Due 2023;•
$1.25 billion of Notes Due 2024;•
$1.00 billion of Notes Due 2026;•
$1.25 billion of Notes Due 2028;•
$1.50 billion of Notes Due 2030;•
$1.25 billion of Notes Due 2031;•
$1.00 billion of Notes Due 2040;•
$2.00 billion of Notes Due 2050; and•
$500 million of Notes Due 2060.We
 have  a  $575  million  commercial  paper  program  to  support  general  corporate  purposes.  As  of  January  30,  2022,  we  had  not  issued  anycommercial paper.
Refer
 to  Note  12  of  the  Notes  to  the  Consolidated  Financial  Statements  in  Part  IV,  Item  15  of  this  Annual  Report  on  Form  10-K  for  furtherdiscussion.
Contractual Obligations
We
 have unrecognized tax benefits of $729 million, which includes related interest and penalties of $59 million recorded in non-current income taxpayable
 as of January 30, 2022. We are unable to reasonably estimate the timing of any potential tax liability, interest payments, or penalties inindividual
 years due to uncertainties in the underlying income tax positions and the timing of the effective settlement of such tax positions. We arecurrently
 under examination by the Internal Revenue Service for our fiscal years 2018 and 2019. Refer to Note 14 of the Notes to the ConsolidatedFinancial Statements in Part IV, Item 15 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for further information.
For
 a description of our long-term debt, purchase obligations, and operating lease obligations, refer to Note 12, Note 13, and Note 3 of the Notes tothe Consolidated Financi
al Statements in Part IV, Item 15 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, respectively.Climate Change
Refer
 to Part I, Item 1 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for a description of Environmental, Social and Corporate Governance activities. To date,there
 has been no material impact to our results of operations associated with global sustainability regulations, compliance, costs from sourcingrenewable
 energy  or  climate-related  business  trends.  There  are  no  material  current  climate  change  regulations  impacting  us,  however,  we  aremonitoring potential regulation changes in California, the United States,
 the United Kingdom, the European Union and other jurisdictions. We believethat
 climate  change  has  not  had  a  material  impact  to  our  revenue  to  date.  We  have  not  experienced  any  significant  physical  effects  of  climatechange to
 date on our operations and results, nor any significant impacts on the cost or availability of insurance. In fiscal year 2023, we plan to buildEarth-2, an AI supercomputer dedicated to predicting the impacts of climate chang
e and increase our purchases of Renewable Energy Credits.39
Table of ContentsAdoption of New and Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements
Refer
 to Note 1 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part IV, Item 15 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for a discussion ofadoption of new and recently issued acc
ounting pronouncements.ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK
Investment and Interest Rate Risk
We
 are  exposed  to  interest  rate  risk  related  to  our  fixed-rate  investment  portfolio  and  outstanding  debt.  The  investment  portfolio  is  managedconsistent with our overall liquidity strategy in sup
port of both working capital needs and strategic growth of our businesses.As of
 January 30, 2022, we performed a sensitivity analysis on our investment portfolio. According to our analysis, parallel shifts in the yield curve ofboth
 plus or minus 0.5%, taking into account a zero percent yield floor, would result in a decrease in fair value for these investments of $33 million,or an increase in fair value for these investments of $22 million, respective
ly.At
 January  30,  2022,  we  had  $11.00  billion  of  senior  Notes  outstanding.  We  carry  the  Notes  at  face  value  less  unamortized  discount  on  ourConsolidated
 Balance Sheets. As the Notes bear interest at a fixed rate, we have no financial statement risk associated with changes in interestrates.
 Refer to Note 12 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part IV, Item 15 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additionalinformation.
Foreign Exchange Rate Risk
We
 consider our direct exposure to foreign exchange rate fluctuations to be minimal. Gains or losses from foreign currency remeasurement areincluded
 in  other  income  or  expense  and  to  date  have  not  been  significant.  The  impact  of  foreign  currency  transaction  gain  or  loss  included  indetermining net income was not significant for fiscal years 202
2 and 2021.Sales
 and arrangements with third-party manufacturers provide for pricing and payment in United States dollars, and, therefore, are not subject toexchange
 rate fluctuations. Increases in the value of the United States’ dollar relative to other currencies would make our products more expensive,which
 could negatively impact our ability to compete. Conversely, decreases in the value of the United States’ dollar relative to other currenciescould
 result in our suppliers raising their prices in order to continue doing business with us. Additionally, we have international operations and incurexpenditures
 in currencies other than U.S. dollars. Our operating expenses benefit from a stronger dollar and are adversely affected by a weakerdollar.
We
 use foreign currency forward contracts to mitigate the impact of foreign currency exchange rate movements on our operating expenses. Wedesignate
 these contracts as cash flow hedges and assess the effectiveness of the hedge relationships on a spot to spot basis. Gains or losses onthe
 contracts  are  recorded  in  accumulated  other  comprehensive  income  or  loss,  and  then  reclassified  to  operating  expense  when  the  relatedoperating expenses are recognize
d in earnings or ineffectiveness should occur.We
 also use foreign currency forward contracts to mitigate the impact of foreign currency movements on monetary assets and liabilities that aredenominated
 in  currencies  other  than  U.S.  dollar.  These  forward  contracts  were  not  designated  for  hedge  accounting  treatment.  Therefore,  thechange
 in fair value of these contracts is recorded in other income or expense and offsets the change in fair value of the hedged foreign currencydenominated monetary assets and liabi
lities, which is also recorded in other income or expense.If
 the U.S. dollar strengthened by 10% as of January 30, 2022 and January 31, 2021, the amount recorded in accumulated other comprehensiveincome
 (loss) related to our foreign exchange contracts before tax effect would have been approximately $103 million and $84 million lower as ofJanuary
 30,  2022  and  January  31,  2021,  respectively.  Change  in  value  recorded  in  accumulated  other  comprehensive  income  (loss)  would  beexpected to offset a corresponding change in he
dged forecasted foreign currency expenses when recognized.If
 an adverse 10% foreign exchange rate change was applied to our balance sheet hedging contracts, it would have resulted in an adverse impacton
 income before taxes of approximately $41 million and $44 million as of January 30, 2022 and January 31, 2021, respectively. These changes infair
 values would be offset in other income (expense), net by corresponding change in fair values of the foreign currency denominated monetaryassets and liabilities, assuming the he
dge contracts fully cover the foreign currency denominated monetary assets and liabilities balances.40
Table of ContentsRefer
 to  Note  11  of  the  Notes  to  the  Consolidated  Financial  Statements  in  Part  IV,  Item  15  of  this  Annual  Report  on  Form  10-K  for  additionalinformation.
ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA
The information require
d by this Item is set forth in our Consolidated Financial Statements and Notes thereto included in this Annual Report on Form10-K. 
ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE
None. 
ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES
Controls and Procedures
Disclosure Controls and Procedures
Based on their evaluation as of January 30, 20
22, our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, has concludedthat our disclosure controls and procedures
 (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the ExchangeAct) were effective to provide reasonable assurance.
Management’s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
Our
 management  is  responsible  for  establishing  and  maintaining  adequate  internal  control  over  financial  reporting,  as  such  term  is  defined  inExchange
 Act Rule 13a-15(f). Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and ChiefFinancial
 Officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of January 30, 2022 based onthe
 criteria  set  forth  in Internal  Control  -  Integrated  Framework  (2013) issued  by  the  Committee  of  Sponsoring  Organizations  of  the  TreadwayCommission.
 Based on our evaluation under the criteria set forth in Internal  Control — Integrated Framework,  our management concluded that ourinternal control over financial reporting was effective as of Jan
uary 30, 2022.The
 effectiveness  of  our  internal  control  over  financial  reporting  as  of  January  30,  2022  has  been  audited  by  PricewaterhouseCoopers  LLP,  anindependent registered pub
lic accounting firm, as stated in its report which is included herein.Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
There have
 been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended January 30, 2022 that have materially affected,or
 are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. In fiscal year 2022, we began an upgrade of our enterpriseresource
 planning,  or  ERP,  system,  which  will  update  much  of  our  existing  core  financial  systems.  The  ERP  system  is  designed  to  accuratelymaintain the Company’s financial records used to
 report operating results. The upgrade will occur in phases with the consolidated financial reportingand
 general ledger module to be implemented in fiscal year 2023. We will evaluate each quarter whether there are changes that affect our internalcontrol over financial reporting.
Inherent Limitations on Effectiveness of Controls
Our
 management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, does not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures orour
 internal controls, will prevent all error and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable,not
 absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there areresource
 constraints,  and  the  benefits  of  controls  must  be  considered  relative  to  their  costs.  Because  of  the  inherent  limitations  in  all  controlsystems,
 no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within NVIDIA have beendetected.
ITEM 9B.  OTHER INFORMATION
None.
41
Table of ContentsITEM 9C. 
DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS Not Applicable
PART III
 Certain
 information  required  by  Part  III  is  omitted  from  this  report  because  we  will  file  with  the  SEC  a  definitive  proxy  statement  pursuant  toRegulation
 14A, or the 2022 Proxy Statement, no later than 120 days after the end of fiscal year 2022, and certain information included therein isincorporated herein by reference.
ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
Identification of Directors
Information
 regarding  directors  required  by  this  item  will  be  contained  in  our  2022  Proxy  Statement  under  the  caption  “Proposal  1  -  Election  ofDirectors,” and is hereby incorporated by reference.
Identification of Executive Officers
Reference
 is made to the information regarding executive officers appearing under the heading “Information About Our Executive Officers” in Part Iof this Annual Report on Form 10-K, which information is hereby inc
orporated by reference.Identification of Audit Committee and Financial Experts
Information
 regarding our Audit Committee required by this item will be contained in our 2022 Proxy Statement under the captions “Report of theAudit
 Committee of the Board of Directors” and “Information About the Board of Directors and Corporate Governance,” and is hereby incorporatedby reference.
Material Changes to Procedures for Recommending Directors
Information
 regarding procedures for recommending directors required by this item will be contained in our 2022 Proxy Statement under the caption“Information About the Board of Directors and Corporate Governance,” and is hereby inc
orporated by reference.Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports
Information
 regarding compliance with Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act required by this item will be contained in our 2022 Proxy Statement underthe caption “Delinquent Section 1
6(a) Reports,” and is hereby incorporated by reference.Code of Conduct
Information regard
ing our Code of Conduct required by this item will be contained in our 2022 Proxy Statement under the caption “Information Aboutthe Board of Directors and Corporate Governanc
e - Code of Conduct,” and is hereby incorporated by reference. The full text of our Code of Conductand
 Financial Team Code of Conduct are published on the Investor Relations portion of our website, under Governance, at www.nvidia.com. Thecontents of our website are not a part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.
  ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION
Information regarding our executive compensation req
uired by this item will be contained in our 2022 Proxy Statement under the captions “ExecutiveCompensation”,
 “Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation”, “Director Compensation” and “Compensation Committee Report,”and is hereby incorporated by reference.
ITEM
 12.  SECURITY  OWNERSHIP  OF  CERTAIN  BENEFICIAL  OWNERS  AND  MANAGEMENT  AND  RELATEDSTOCKHOLDER MATTERS
Ownership of NVIDIA Securities
Information
 regarding  ownership  of  NVIDIA  securities  required  by  this  item  will  be  contained  in  our  2022  Proxy  Statement  under  the  caption“Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Man
agement,” and is hereby incorporated by reference.42
Table of ContentsEquity Compensation Plan Information
Information
 regarding our equity compensation plans required by this item will be contained in our 2022 Proxy Statement under the caption "EquityCompensation Plan Information," and is hereby inc
orporated by reference.ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE
Information
 regarding related transactions and director independence required by this item will be contained in our 2022 Proxy Statement under thecaptions
 “Review of Transactions with Related Persons” and “Information About the Board of Directors and Corporate Governance - Independenceof the Members of the Board of Directors,” and is hereby incorporated by reference.
ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES
Information
 regarding accounting fees and services required by this item will be contained in our 2022 Proxy Statement under the caption “FeesBilled by the Independent Re
gistered Public Accounting Firm,” and is hereby incorporated by reference. 43
Table of ContentsPART IV
ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES
 
 Page (a)
1.Financial Statements  
Report of Independent Registered Pub lic Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 238 )45  
Consolidated Statements of Income for the years ended January 3 0 , 2022 , January 31, 2021, and  January 26, 202047 Consolidated
 Statements  of  Comprehensive  Income  for  the  years  ended January  30,  2022,  January  31,  2021,  andJanuary 26, 2020
48  
Consolidated Balance Sheets a s of January 3 0 , 2022  and January 31, 2021 49  
Consolidated Statements of Shareholders’ Equity for the years ended January 30, 2022, January 31, 2021, and Janu ary26, 2020
50  
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended January 30, 2022, January 31, 2021, and Janu ary 26,2020
51  
Notes to the Consolidated Financi al Statements52 2.
Financial Statement Schedule  
Schedule II Valuation and Qualifying Accounts for the years ended January  30, 2022, January 31, 2021, and January26, 2020
80 3.
Exhibits  
The exhibits listed in the accompanying index to exhibits are filed or incorporated by reference as a part of this AnnualReport on Form 10-K.
81 44
Table of ContentsReport of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of NVIDIA Corporation
Opinions on the Financial Statements an
d Internal Control over Financial ReportingWe
 have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of NVIDIA Corporation and its subsidiaries (the “Company”) as of January 30,2022 and January 31, 2021, and the relate
d consolidated statements of income, of comprehensive income, of shareholders' equity and of cash flowsfor
 each of the three years in the period ended January 30, 2022, including the related notes and financial statement schedule listed in the indexappearing
 under Item 15(a)(2) (collectively referred to as the “consolidated financial statements”). We also have audited the Company's internalcontrol over financial reporting as of
 January 30, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013)  issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commissi
on (COSO).In
 our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Companyas
 of January 30, 2022 and January 31, 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period endedJanuary
 30, 2022 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Also in our opinion, the Companymaintain
ed, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of January 30, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013)
 issued by the COSO. Basis for Opinions
The
 Company's  management  is  responsible  for  these  consolidated  financial  statements,  for  maintaining  effective  internal  control  over  financialreporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, inc
luded in Management’s Annual Report on InternalControl
 Over  Financial  Reporting  appearing  under  Item  9A.  Our  responsibility  is  to  express  opinions  on  the  Company’s  consolidated  financialstatements
 and on the Company's internal control over financial reporting based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with thePublic
 Company  Accounting  Oversight  Board  (United  States)  (PCAOB)  and  are  required  to  be  independent  with  respect  to  the  Company  inaccordance
 with  the  U.S.  federal  securities  laws  and  the  applicable  rules  and  regulations  of  the  Securities  and  Exchange  Commission  and  thePCAOB.
We
 conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtainreasonable
 assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, andwhether effective internal control over financial reportin
g was maintained in all material respects.Our
 audits of the consolidated financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidatedfinancia
l statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, ona
 test  basis,  evidence  regarding  the  amounts  and  disclosures  in  the  consolidated  financial  statements.  Our  audits  also  included  evaluating  theaccounting
 principles  used  and  significant  estimates  made  by  management,  as  well  as  evaluating  the  overall  presentation  of  the  consolidatedfinancial
 statements.  Our  audit  of  internal  control  over  financial  reporting  included  obtaining  an  understanding  of  internal  control  over  financialreporting,
 assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal controlbased
 on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances.  Webelieve that our audits provide a reasona
ble basis for our opinions.Definition and Limitations of Internal Control ov
er Financial ReportingA
 company’s  internal  control  over  financial reporting  is a process  designed to  provide  reasonable assurance  regarding  the  reliability  of  financialreporting
 and  the  preparation  of  financial  statements  for  external  purposes  in  accordance  with  generally  accepted  accounting  principles.  Acompany’s
 internal  control  over  financial  reporting  includes  those  policies  and  procedures  that  (i)  pertain  to  the  maintenance  of  records  that,  inreasonab
le detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance thattransactions
 are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles,and
 that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors  of thecompany;
 and  (iii)  provide  reasonable  assurance  regarding  prevention  or  timely  detection  of  unauthorized  acquisition,  use,  or  disposition  of  thecompany’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.
45
Table of ContentsBecause
 of  its  inherent  limitations,  internal  control  over  financial  reporting  may  not  prevent  or  detect  misstatements.  Also,  projections  of  anyevaluation
 of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or thatthe degree of compliance with the polici
es or procedures may deteriorate.Critical Audit Matters
The
 critical audit matter communicated  below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements  that wascommunicated
 or  required  to  be  communicated  to  the  audit  committee  and  that  (i)  relates  to  accounts  or  disclosures  that  are  material  to  theconsolidated
 financial statements and (ii) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical auditmatters
 does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating thecritical audit matter below, providing a separate opi
nion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates.Valuation of Inventories - Provisions for Excess or Obsolete Inventories
As
 described in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company charges cost of sales for inventory provisions to write-down inventoryto
 the  lower  of  cost  or  net  realizable  value  or  for  obsolete  or  excess  inventory.  Most  of  the  Company’s  inventory  provisions  relate  to  excessquantities
 of products, based on the Company’s inventory levels and future product purchase commitments compared to assumptions about futuredemand and market conditions. As of January 30, 2022, the Compa
ny’s consolidated inventories balance was $2,605 million.The
 principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to the valuation of inventories, specifically the provisions forexcess
 or  obsolete  inventories,  is  a  critical  audit  matter  are  the  significant  judgment  by  management  when  developing  provisions  for  excess  orobsolete
 inventories,  including  developing  assumptions  related  to  future  demand  and  market  conditions.  This  in  turn  led  to  significant  auditorjudgment,
 subjectivity,  and  effort  in  performing  procedures  and  evaluating  management’s  assumptions  related  to  future  demand  and  marketconditions.
Addressing
 the  matter  involved  performing  procedures  and  evaluating  audit  evidence  in  connection  with  forming  our  overall  opinion  on  theconsolidated financial statements. These procedures included testing the
 effectiveness of controls relating to management’s provisions for excess orobsolete
 inventories, including controls over management’s assumptions related to future demand and market conditions. These procedures alsoincluded,
 among  others,  testing  management’s  process  for  developing  the  provisions  for  excess  or  obsolete  inventories;  evaluating  theappropriateness
 of management’s approach; testing the completeness and accuracy of underlying data used in the approach; and evaluating thereasonableness
 of management’s assumptions related to future demand and market conditions. Evaluating management’s assumptions related tofuture
 demand and market conditions involved evaluating whether the assumptions used by management were reasonable considering (i) currentand past results, including historical product life
 cycle, (ii) the consistency with external market and industry data, (iii) changes in technology, and (iv)comparing prior period estimates to actual results of the same period.
/s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP
San Jose, California
March 17, 2022
We have served as the Company’s auditor since 200
4.46
Table of ContentsNVIDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME
(In millions, except per share data)
Year Ended
January 30,
2022
January 31,2021
January 26,2020
Revenue
$ 26,914 $ 16,675 $ 10,918 Cost of revenue
9,439 6,279 4,150 Gross profit
17,475 10,396 6,768 Operating expenses
   Research and development
5,268 3,924 2,829 Sales, general and administrative
2,166 1,940 1,093 Total operating expenses
7,434 5,864 3,922 Income from operations
10,041 4,532 2,846 Interest income
29 57 178 Interest expense
(236) (184) (52) Other, net
107 4 (2) Other income (expense), net
(100) (123) 124 Income before income tax
9,941 4,409 2,970 Income tax expense
189 77 174 Net income
$ 9,752 $ 4,332 $ 2,796 Net income per share:
Basic
$ 3.91 $ 1.76 $ 1.15 Diluted
$ 3.85 $ 1.73 $ 1.13 Weighted average shares used in per share computati
on:Basic
2,496 2,467 2,439 Diluted
2,535 2,510 2,472 See accompanying notes to the consoli
dated financial statements.47
Table of ContentsNVIDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
(In millions)
Year Ended
January 30,
2022
January 31,2021
January 26,2020
Net income
$ 9,752 $ 4,332 $ 2,796 Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax
Available-for-sale debt securities:
Net unrealized gain (loss)
(16) 2 8 Reclassification adjustments for net realized ga
in (loss) included in net income— (2) — Net change in unrealized
 gain (loss)(16) — 8 Cash flow hedges:
Net unrealized gain (loss)
(43) 9 10 Reclassification adjustments for net realized ga
in (loss) included in net income29 9 (5) Net change in unrealized
 gain (loss)(14) 18 5 Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax
(30) 18 13 Total comprehensive income
$ 9,722 $ 4,350 $ 2,809 See accompanying notes to the consoli
dated financial statements.48
Table of ContentsNVIDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS
(In millions, except par value)
 
January 30,2022
January 31,2021
ASSETS
  Current assets:
  Cash and cash equivalents
$ 1,990 $ 847 Marketable securities
19,218 10,714 Accounts receivable, net
4,650 2,429 Inventories
2,605 1,826 Prepaid expenses and other current assets
366 239 Total current assets
28,829 16,055 Property and equipment, net
2,778 2,149 Operating lease assets
829 707 Goodwill
4,349 4,193 Intangible assets, net
2,339 2,737 Deferred income tax assets
1,222 806 Other assets
3,841 2,144 Total assets
$ 44,187 $ 28,791 LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY
Current liabilities:
  Accounts payable
$ 1,783 $ 1,149 Accrued and other current liabilities
2,552 1,777 Short-term
 debt— 999 Total current liabilities
4,335 3,925 Long-term debt
10,946 5,964 Long-term opera
ting lease liabilities741 634 Other long-te
rm liabilities1,553 1,375 Total liabilities
17,575 11,898 Commitments and contingencies - see Note 13
Shareholders’ equity:
  Preferred stock, $0.001 par value; 2 shares authorized; none issued
— — Common stock, $0.001 par value; 4,000 shares authorized; 2,506 sh
ares issued and outstanding as ofJanuary 30, 2022; 3,859 shares issued and 2,4
79 outstanding as of January 31, 20213 3 Additional paid-in capital
10,385 8,719 Treasury stock, at cost (None as of January 30, 2022 and 1,380 shares as of January 31, 2021)
— (10,756) Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)
(11) 19 Retained earnings
16,235 18,908 Total shareholders' equity
26,612 16,893 Total liabilities and sha
reholders' equity$ 44,187 $ 28,791 See accompanying notes to the consoli
dated financial statements.49
Table of ContentsNVIDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDER
S’ EQUITYCommon Stock
Outstanding
Additional Treasury Accumulated OtherComprehensive
Retained TotalShareholders'
(In millions, except per share data)
Shares Amount  Paid-inCapital
 Stock  Income (Loss)  Earnings  Equity Balances, January 27, 2019
2,423 $ 3 $6,049 $ (9,263)$ (12) $ 12,565 $ 9,342 Net income
— — — — — 2,796 2,796 Other comprehensive income
— — — — 13 — 13 Issuance of common stock from s
tock plans 39 — 149 — — — 149 Tax withholding related to vesting of restricted stock units
(12) — — (551) — — (551) Cash dividends declared and paid ($0.16 per common share)
— — — — — (390) (390) Stock-based compensation
— — 845 — — — 845 Balances, January 26, 2020
2,450 3 7,043 (9,814) 1 14,971 12,204 Net income
— — — — — 4,332 4,332 Other comprehensive income
— — — — 18 — 18 Issuance of common stock from s
tock plans40 — 194 — — — 194 Tax withholding related to vesting of restricted stock units
(11) — — (942) — — (942) Cash dividends declared and paid ($0.16 per common share)
— — — — — (395) (395) Fair value of partially vested equity awards assumed in connection with
acquisitions
— — 86 — — — 86 Stock-based compensation
— — 1,396 — — — 1,396 Balances, January 31, 2021
2,479 3 8,719 (10,756) 19 18,908 16,893 Net income
— — — — — 9,752 9,752 Other comprehensive loss
— — — — (30) — (30) Issuance of common stock from s
tock plans35 — 281 — — — 281 Tax withholding related to vesting of restricted stock units
(8) — (614) (1,290) — — (1,904) Cash dividends declared and paid ($0.16 per common share)
— — — — — (399) (399) Fair value of partially vested equity awards assumed in connection with
acquisitions
— — 18 — — — 18 Stock-based compensation
— — 2,001 — — — 2,001 Retirement of Treasury Stock
— — (20) 12,046 — (12,026) — Balances, January 30, 2022
2,506 $ 3 $10,385 $ — $ (11) $ 16,235 $ 26,612 See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements.
50
Table of ContentsNVIDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS
(In millions)
Year Ended
 
January 30,2022
January 31,2021
January 26,2020
Cash flows from operating 
activities:  Net income
$ 9,752 $ 4,332 $ 2,796 Adjustments to reconcile net 
income to net cash provided by operating activities:  Stock-based compensation expense
2,004 1,397 844 Depreciation and amortization
1,174 1,098 381 Deferred income taxes
(406) (282) 18 (Gains) losses on investments
 in non-affiliates, net(100) — 1 Other
47 (20) 4 Changes in operating 
assets and liabilities, net of acquisitions:  Accounts receivable
(2,215) (550) (233) Inventories
(774) (524) 597 Prepaid expenses and other assets
(1,715) (394) 77 Accounts payable
568 312 194 Accrued and other c
urrent liabilities581 290 54 Other long-term liabilities
192 163 28 Net cash provided by o
perating activities9,108 5,822 4,761 Cash flows from investing activities:
  Proceeds from maturities o
f marketable securities15,197 8,792 4,744 Proceeds from sales of m
arketable securities1,023 527 3,365 Purchases of marketable
 securities(24,787) (19,308) (1,461) Purchases related to property and equip
ment and intangible assets(976) (1,128) (489) Acquisitions, net of cash
 acquired(263) (8,524) (4) Investments and other, net
(24) (34) (10) Net cash provided by (us
ed in) investing activities(9,830) (19,675) 6,145 Cash flows from financing activities:
  Issuance of debt, net of issuance costs
4,977 4,968 — Proceeds related to 
employee stock plans281 194 149 Payments related to tax on restri
cted stock units(1,904) (942) (551) Repayment of debt
(1,000) — — Dividends paid
(399) (395) (390) Principal payments on prop
erty and equipment(83) (17) — Other
(7) (4) — Net cash provided by (us
ed in) financing activities1,865 3,804 (792) Change in cash and cash equivalents
1,143 (10,049) 10,114 Cash and cash equivalents at beginn
ing of period847 10,896 782 Cash and cash equivalen
ts at end of period$ 1,990 $ 847 $ 10,896 Supplemental disclosures of cash flow informa
tion:Cash paid for income taxes, net
$ 396 $ 249 $ 176 Cash paid for interest
$ 246 $ 138 $ 54 See accompanying notes to the consoli
dated financial statements.51
Table of ContentsNVIDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Note 1 - Organization and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies
Our Company
Headquartered in Santa Clara, Cal
ifornia, NVIDIA was incorporated in California in April 1993 and reincorporated in Delaware in April 1998.All references to “NVIDIA,” “we,” “us,” “our” or the “Company” mean NVIDIA Corporation and its subsidiaries.
On
 July  19,  2021,  we  executed  a  four-for-one  stock  split  of  our  common  stock.  All  share,  equity  award,  and  per  share  amounts  and  relatedshareholders' equity balanc
es presented herein have been retroactively adjusted to reflect the Stock Split.Fiscal Year
We
 operate on a 52- or 53-week year, ending on the last Sunday in January. Fiscal years 2022 and 2020 were both 52-week years. Fiscal year2021 was a 53-week year.
Reclassifications
Certain prior fiscal year balances have bee
n reclassified to conform to the current fiscal year presentation.Principles of Consolidation
Our
 consolidated financial statements include the accounts of NVIDIA Corporation and our wholly-owned subsidiaries. All intercompany balancesand transactions have been elimin
ated in consolidation.Use of Estimates
The
 preparation of financial statements  in conformity  with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions  that affect  thereported
 amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reportedamounts
 of revenue and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ materially from our estimates. On an on-going basis, weevaluate our estimates, including those
 related to revenue recognition, cash equivalents and marketable securities, accounts receivable, inventories,income
 taxes,  goodwill,  stock-based  compensation,  litigation,  investigation  and  settlement  costs,  restructuring  and  other  charges,  and  othercontingencies.
 The  inputs  into  our  judgments  and  estimates  consider  the  economic  implications  of  COVID-19.  These  estimates  are  based  onhistorical facts and various other assumptions that we believ
e are reasonable.Revenue Recognition
We
 derive our revenue from product sales, including hardware and systems, license and development arrangements, software licensing, and cloudservices.
 We determine revenue recognition through the following steps: (1) identification of the contract with a customer; (2) identification of theperformance
 obligations  in  the  contract;  (3)  determination  of  the  transaction  price;  (4)  allocation  of  the  transaction  price  to  the  performanceobligations
 in the contract (where revenue is allocated on a relative standalone selling price basis by maximizing the use of observable inputs todetermine
 the  standalone  selling  price  for  each  performance  obligation);  and  (5)  recognition  of  revenue  when,  or  as,  we  satisfy  a  performanceobligation.
Product Sales Revenue
Revenue
 from product sales is recognized upon transfer of control of products to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration we expectto
 receive in exchange for those products. Certain products are sold with support or an extended warranty for the incorporated system, hardware,and/or
 software. Support and extended warranty revenue are recognized ratably over the service period, or as services are performed. Revenue isrecognized net of allowances for returns, customer programs and any taxes collecte
d from customers.For
 products sold with a right of return, we record a reduction to revenue by establishing a sales return allowance for estimated product returns atthe
 time revenue is recognized, based primarily on historical return rates. However, if product returns for a fiscal period are anticipated to exceedhistorical
 return rates, we may determine that additional sales return allowances are required to properly reflect our estimated exposure for productreturns.
52
Table of ContentsNVIDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Continued)
Our
 customer programs involve rebates, which are designed to serve as sales incentives to resellers of our products in various target markets, andmarketing
 development funds, or MDFs, which represent monies paid to our partners that are earmarked for market segment development and aredesigned to support our partners’ activities whil
e also promoting NVIDIA products. We account for customer programs as a reduction to revenue andaccrue for potential rebates and MDFs based on the amount we exp
ect to be claimed by customers.License and Development Arrangements
Our
 license  and  development  arrangements  with  customers  typically  require  significant  customization  of  our  IP  components.  As  a  result,  werecognize
 the revenue from the license and the revenue from the development services as a single performance obligation over the period in whichthe
 development  services  are  performed.  We  measure  progress  to  completion  based  on  actual  cost  incurred  to  date  as  a  percentage  of  theestimated
 total cost required to complete each project. If a loss on an arrangement becomes probable during a period, we record a provision forsuch loss in that period.
Software Licensing
Our
 software licenses provide our customers with a right to use the software when it is made available to the customer. Customers may purchaseeither
 perpetual  licenses  or  subscriptions  to  licenses,  which  differ  mainly  in  the  duration  over  which  the  customer  benefits  from  the  software.Software
 licenses  are  frequently  sold  along  with  the  right  to  receive,  on  a  when-and-if  available  basis,  future  unspecified  software  updates  andupgrades. Revenu
e from software licenses is recognized up front when the software is made available to the customer. Software support revenue isrecognized ratably over the service period, or as services are performed.
Cloud Services
Cloud
 services, which allow customers to use hosted software over the contract period without taking possession of the software, are provided on asubscription
 basis or a combination of subscription plus usage. Revenue related to subscription-based cloud services is recognized ratably over thecontract period. Revenue related to cloud services bas
ed on usage is recognized as usage occurs.Product Warranties
We
 generally offer a limited warranty to end-users that ranges from one  to three years for products in order to repair or replace products for anymanufacturing
 defects or hardware component failures. Cost of revenue includes the estimated cost of product warranties that are calculated at thepoint
 of revenue recognition. Under limited circumstances, we may offer an extended limited warranty to customers for certain products. We alsoaccrue for known warranty and indemnification issu
es if a loss is probable and can be reasonably estimated.Stock-based Compensation
We
 use the closing trading price of our common stock on the date of grant, minus a dividend yield discount, as the fair value of awards of restrictedstock
 units, or RSUs, and performance stock units that are based on our corporate financial performance targets, or PSUs. We use a Monte Carlosimulation
 on the date of grant to estimate the fair value of performance stock units that are based on market conditions, or market-based PSUs.The
 compensation expense for RSUs and market-based PSUs is recognized using a straight-line attribution method over the requisite employeeservice
 period while compensation expense for PSUs is recognized using an accelerated amortization model. We estimate the fair value of sharesto
 be issued under our employee stock purchase plan, or ESPP, using the Black-Scholes model at the commencement  of an offering period inMarch
 and September of each year. Stock-based compensation for our ESPP is expensed using an accelerated amortization model. Additionally,we
 estimate  forfeitures  at  least  annually  based  on  historical  experience  and  revise  the  estimates  of  forfeiture  in  subsequent  periods  if  actualforfeitures differ from those estimates.
Litigation, Investigation and Settlement Costs
We
 currently, are, and will likely continue to be subject to claims, litigation, and other actions, including potential regulatory proceedings, involvingpatent
 and other intellectual property matters, taxes, labor and employment, competition and antitrust, commercial disputes, goods and servicesoffered
 by us and by third parties, and other matters. There are many uncertainties associated with any litigation or investigation, and we cannot becertain that these actions or other third-party claims against us will be resolved w
ithout litigation, fines and/or substantial53
Table of ContentsNVIDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Continued)
settlement
 payments  or  judgements.  If  information  becomes  available  that  causes  us  to  determine  that  a  loss  in  any  of  our  pending  litigation,investigations
 or  settlements  is  probable,  and  we  can  reasonably  estimate  the  loss  associated  with  such  events,  we  will  record  the  loss  inaccordanc
e with U.S. GAAP. However, the actual liability in any such litigation or investigation may be materially different from our estimates, whichcould require us to record additional costs.
Foreign Currency Remeasurement
We
 use  the  United  States  dollar  as  our  functional  currency  for  all  of  our  subsidiaries.  Foreign  currency  monetary  assets  and  liabilities  areremeasured
 into United States dollars at end-of-period exchange rates. Non-monetary assets and liabilities such as property and equipment andequity
 are remeasured at historical exchange rates. Revenue and expenses are remeasured at exchange rates in effect during each period, exceptfor
 those  expenses  related  to  non-monetary  balance  sheet  amounts,  which  are  remeasured  at  historical  exchange  rates.  Gains  or  losses  fromforeign currency remeasurement are included in earni
ngs in our Consolidated Statements of Income and to date have not been significant.Income Taxes
We
 recognize federal, state and foreign current tax liabilities or assets based on our estimate of taxes payable or refundable in the current fiscalyear
 by tax jurisdiction. We recognize federal, state and foreign deferred tax assets or liabilities, as appropriate, for our estimate of future tax effectsattributable
 to temporary differences and carryforwards; and we record a valuation allowance to reduce any deferred tax assets by the amount ofany tax benefits that, based on available evi
dence and judgment, are not expected to be realized.Our
 calculation  of  deferred  tax  assets  and  liabilities  is  based  on  certain  estimates  and  judgments  and  involves  dealing  with  uncertainties  in  theapplication
 of complex tax laws. Our estimates of deferred tax assets and liabilities may change based, in part, on added certainty or finality to ananticipated
 outcome, changes in accounting standards or tax laws in the United States, or foreign jurisdictions where we operate, or changes inother
 facts  or  circumstances.  In  addition,  we  recognize  liabilities  for  potential  United  States  and  foreign  income  tax  contingencies  based  on  ourestimate
 of whether, and the extent to which, additional taxes may be due. If we determine that payment of these amounts is unnecessary or if therecorded
 tax liability is less than our current assessment, we may be required to recognize an income tax benefit or additional income tax expensein our financial statements accordingly.
As
 of  January  30,  2022,  we  had  a  valuation  allowance  of  $907  million  related  to  state  and  certain  other  deferred  tax  assets  that  managementdetermined
 are  not  likely  to  be  realized  due  to  jurisdictional  projections  of  future  taxable  income,  tax  attributes  usage  limitation  by  certainjurisdictions,
 and potential utilization limitations of tax attributes acquired as a result of stock ownership changes. To the extent realization of thedeferred tax assets becomes more-likely-than-not, we would recogniz
e such deferred tax assets as an income tax benefit during the period.We
 recognize the benefit from a tax position only if it is more-likely-than-not that the position would be sustained upon audit based solely on thetechnica
l merits of the tax position. Our policy is to include interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits as a component of income taxexpense.
Net Income Per Share
Basic
 net income per share is computed using the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period. Diluted net incomeper
 share  is  computed  using  the  weighted  average  number  of  common  and  potentially  dilutive  shares  outstanding  during  the  period,  using  thetreasury
 stock method. Under the treasury stock method, the effect of equity awards outstanding is not included in the computation of diluted netincome per share for periods when their effect is anti-dilutive.
Cash and Cash Equivalents and Marketable Securities
We
 consider all highly liquid investments that are readily convertible into cash and have an original maturity of three months or less at the time ofpurchase
 to be cash equivalents. Marketable securities consist of highly liquid debt investments with maturities of greater than three months whenpurchased.
 We  currently  classify  our  investments  as  current  based  on  the  nature  of  the  investments  and  their  availability  for  use  in  currentoperations.
We classify our cash equivalents and marketable securiti
es related to debt securities at the date of acquisition as available-for-sale. These available-for-sale
 debt securities are reported at fair value with the related unrealized gains and losses included in accumulated other comprehensive incomeor loss, a component of shareholders’ equity, net of
54
Table of ContentsNVIDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Continued)
tax.
 The fair value of interest-bearing debt securities includes accrued interest. Realized gains and losses on the sale of marketable securities aredetermined
 using the specific-identification method and recorded in the other income (expense), net, section of our Consolidated Statements ofIncome.
All
 of  our  available-for-sale  debt  investments  are  subject  to  a  periodic  impairment  review.  If  the  estimated  fair  value  of  available-for-sale  debtsecurities
 is  less  than  its  amortized  cost  basis,  we  determine  if  the  difference,  if  any,  is  caused  by  expected  credit  losses  and  write-down  theamortized cost basis of 
the securities if it is more likely than not we will be required or we intend to sell the securities before recovery of its amortizedcost
 basis. Allowances for credit losses and write-downs are recognized in the other income (expense), net section of our Consolidated Statementsof Income.
Fair Value of Financial Instruments
The
 carrying  value  of  cash  equivalents,  accounts  receivable,  accounts  payable  and  accrued  liabilities  approximate  their  fair  values  due  to  theirrelativel
y short maturities as of January 30, 2022 and January 31, 2021. Marketable securities are comprised of available-for-sale securities that arereported
 at fair  value with the related  unrealized gains or losses included in accumulated  other  comprehensive  income or loss,  a component  ofshareholders’
 equity, net of tax. Fair value of the marketable securities is determined based on quoted market prices. Derivative instruments arerecognized
 as either assets or liabilities and are measured at fair value. The accounting for changes in the fair value of a derivative depends on theintended
 use of the derivative and the resulting designation. For derivative instruments designated as fair value hedges, the gains or losses arerecogniz
ed in earnings in the periods of change together with the offsetting losses or gains on the hedged items attributed to the risk being hedged.For
 derivative instruments designated as cash-flow hedges, the effective portion of the gains or losses on the derivatives is initially reported as acomponent
 of  other  comprehensive  income  or  loss  and  is  subsequently  recognized  in  earnings  when  the  hedged  exposure  is  recognized  inearnings. For derivative instruments not designated for hedg
e accounting, changes in fair value are recognized in earnings.Concentration of Credit Risk
Financial
 instruments  that  potentially  subject  us  to  concentrations  of  credit  risk  consist  primarily  of  cash  equivalents,  marketable  securities,  andaccounts
 receivable. Our investment policy requires the purchase of highly-rated fixed income securities, the diversification of investment type andcredit
 exposures, and includes certain limits on our portfolio duration. We perform ongoing credit evaluations of our customers’ financial conditionand
 maintain an allowance for potential credit losses. This allowance consists of an amount identified for specific customers and an amount basedon overall estimated exposure. Our overall estimated exposure exc
ludes amounts covered by credit insurance and letters of credit.Inventories
Inventory
 cost is computed on an adjusted standard basis, which approximates actual cost on an average or first-in, first-out basis. Inventory costsconsist
 primarily of the cost of semiconductors, including wafer fabrication, assembly, testing and packaging, manufacturing support costs, includinglabor
 and overhead associated with such purchases, final test yield fallout, and shipping costs, as well as the cost of purchased memory productsand
 other component parts. We charge cost of sales for inventory provisions to write-down our inventory to the lower of cost or net realizable valueor for
 obsolete or excess inventory. Most of our inventory provisions relate to excess quantities of products, based on our inventory levels and futureproduct
 purchase  commitments  compared  to  assumptions  about  future  demand  and  market  conditions.  Once  inventory  has  been  written-off  orwritten-down,
 it  creates  a  new  cost  basis  for  the  inventory  that  is  not  subsequently  written-up.  We  record  a  liability  for  noncancelable  purchasecommitments with suppliers for quantities in excess of our future demand forecasts consistent with our valu
ation of obsolete or excess inventory.Property and Equipment
Property
 and  equipment  are  stated  at  cost.  Depreciation  of  property  and  equipment  is  computed  using  the  straight-line  method  based  on  theestimated
 useful lives of the assets,  generally three  to  five  years.  Once  an  asset  is  identified  for  retirement  or  disposition,  the  related  cost  andaccumulated
 depreciation or amortization are removed, and a gain or loss is recorded. The estimated useful lives of our buildings are up to thirtyyears.
 Depreciation  expense  includes  the  amortization  of  assets  recorded  under  finance  leases.  Leasehold  improvements  and  assets  recordedunder finance leases are amortized over the shorter of the expected leas
e term or the estimated useful life of the asset.55
Table of ContentsNVIDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Continued)
Leases
We
 determine if an arrangement is or contains a lease at inception. Operating leases with lease terms of more than 12 months are included inoperating
 lease assets, accrued and other current liabilities, and long-term operating lease liabilities on our consolidated balance sheet. Operatinglease
 assets represent our right to use an underlying asset for the lease term and lease liabilities represent our obligation to make lease paymentsover the lease term.
Operating lease
 assets and liabilities are recognized based on the present value of the remaining lease payments discounted using our incrementalborrowing
 rate. Operating lease assets also include initial direct costs incurred and prepaid lease payments, minus any lease incentives. Our leaseterms
 include options to extend or terminate the lease when it is reasonably certain that we will exercise that option. Lease expense is recognizedon a straight-line basis over the lease term.
We combine the lease and non-lease comp
onents in determining the operating lease assets and liabilities.Goodwill
Goodwill
 is subject to our annual impairment test during the fourth quarter of our fiscal year, or earlier if indicators of potential impairment exist. Forthe purposes of completing our impairment test, we perform either a qualitative or a quantitative a
nalysis on a reporting unit basis. Qualitative
 factors  include industry and market  considerations,  overall financial performance,  and other  relevant  events and factors  affecting  thereporting units.
Our
 quantitative impairment test considers both the income approach and the market approach to estimate a reporting unit’s fair value. The incomeand
 market valuation approaches consider a number of factors that include, but are not limited to, prospective financial information, growth rates,residual valu
es, discount rates and comparable multiples from publicly traded companies in our industry and require us to make certain assumptionsand estimates regarding industry economic factors and the future profitabil
ity of our business. Intangible Assets and Other Long-Lived Assets
Intangible
 assets primarily represent acquired intangible assets including developed technology, in-process research and development, or IPR&D,and
 customer relationships, as well as rights acquired under technology licenses, patents, and acquired IP. We currently amortize our intangibleassets
 with finite lives over periods ranging from one  to twenty years using a method that reflects the pattern in which the economic benefits of theintangible
 asset are consumed or otherwise used up or, if that pattern cannot be reliably determined, using a straight-line amortization method. Weinitially capitalize
 the fair value of IPR&D as an intangible asset with an indefinite life. When IPR&D projects are completed, we reclassify the IPR&Das an amortizable purchased intangi
ble asset and amortize over the asset’s estimated useful life.Long-lived
 assets, such as property and equipment and intangible assets subject to amortization, are reviewed for impairment whenever events orchanges
 in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset or asset group may not be recoverable. Recoverability of assets or assetgroups
 to be held and used is measured by a comparison of the carrying amount of an asset or asset group to estimated undiscounted future cashflows
 expected to be generated by the asset or asset group. If the carrying amount of an asset or asset group exceeds its estimated future cashflows, an impairment charge is recogniz
ed for the amount by which the carrying amount of the asset or asset group exceeds the estimated fair valueof
 the asset or asset group. Fair value is determined based on the estimated discounted future cash flows expected to be generated by the asset orasset
 group. Assets and liabilities to be disposed of would be separately presented in the Consolidated Balance Sheet and the assets would bereported at the lower of the carrying amount or fair value less costs to sell, and would no lo
nger be depreciated.Business Combination
We
 allocate the fair value of the purchase price of an acquisition to the tangible assets acquired, liabilities assumed, and intangible assets acquired,including
 IPR&D, based on their estimated fair values. The excess of the fair value of the purchase price over the fair values of these net tangibleand
 intangible  assets  acquired  is  recorded  as  goodwill.  Management’s  estimates  of  fair  value  are  based  upon  assumptions  believed  to  bereasonable,
 but our estimates and assumptions are inherently uncertain and subject to refinement. The estimates and assumptions used in valuingintangible assets include, but are not limite
d to, the amount and timing of projected future cash flows, discount rate used56
Table of ContentsNVIDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Continued)
to determine the present value of these cash flows and asset
 lives. These estimates are inherently uncertain and, therefore, actual results may differfrom the
 estimates made. As a result, during the measurement period of up to one year from the acquisition date, we may record adjustments to theassets
 acquired  and  liabilities  assumed  with  the  corresponding  offset  to  goodwill.  Upon  the  conclusion  of  the  measurement  period  or  finaldetermination
 of  the  fair  value  of  the  purchase  price  of  an  acquisition,  whichever  comes  first,  any  subsequent  adjustments  are  recorded  to  ourConsolidated Statements of Income.
Acquisition-related expenses are reco
gnized separately from the business combination and expensed as incurred.Investment in Non-Affiliated Entities
Non-marketable
 equity  investments  in  privately-held  companies  are  recorded  at  fair  value  on  a  non-recurring  basis  only  if  an  impairment  orobservable
 price  adjustment  occurs  in  the  period  with  changes  in  fair  value  recorded  through  net  income.  These  investments  are  valued  usingobservable
 and unobservable inputs or data in an inactive market and the valuation requires our judgment due to the absence of market prices andinherent
 lack of liquidity. The estimated fair value is based on quantitative and qualitative factors including subsequent financing activities by theinvestee.
Marketable
 equity  investments  in  publicly-held  companies  are  recorded  at  fair  value  with  the  related  unrealized  and  realized  gains  and  lossesrecognized in other income (expense), net.
Adoption of New and Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements
Recently Adopted Accounting Pronouncement
In
 October 2021, the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued a new accounting standard to require that an acquirer recognize and measurecontract
 assets  and  liabilities  acquired  in  a  business  combination  in  accordance  with  Accounting  Standards  Codification  606,  Revenue  fromContracts with Customers. We early adopted this accounting standard in the third q
uarter of fiscal year 2022 and the impact was immaterial.Note 2 - Business Combination
Termination of the Arm Share Purchase Agreement
On
 February 8, 2022, NVIDIA and SoftBank announced the termination of the Share Purchase Agreement whereby NVIDIA would have acquiredArm
 from SoftBank. The parties agreed to terminate because of significant regulatory challenges preventing the completion of the transaction. Weintend to record in operating expenses a
 $1.36 billion charge in the first quarter of fiscal year 2023 reflecting the write-off of the prepayment providedat signing in September 2020.
Acquisition of Mellanox Technologies, Ltd.
In
 April 2020, we completed the acquisition of all outstanding shares of Mellanox for a total purchase consideration of $7.13 billion. Mellanox is asupplier of high-performance interconnect products for computing, storage a
nd communications applications. We acquired Mellanox to optimize datacenter workloads to scale across the entire computing, networking, an
d storage stack.57
Table of ContentsNVIDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Continued)
Purchase Price Allocation
The aggregate purchase considerati
on has been allocated as follows (in millions):Purchase Price
Cash paid for outstanding Mellanox ord
inary shares (1)$ 7,033 Cash for Mellanox equity awards (2)
16 Total cash consideration
7,049 Fair value of Mellanox equity awards assumed by N
VIDIA (3)85 Total purchase consideration
$ 7,134 Allocation
Cash and cash equivalents
$ 115 Marketable securities
699 Accounts receivable, net
216 Inventories
320 Prepaid expenses and other assets
179 Property and equipment, net
144 Goodwill
3,431 Intangible assets
2,970 Accounts payable
(136) Accrued and other current liabilities
(236) Income tax liability
(191) Deferred income tax liability
(258) Other long-te
rm liabilities(119) $
7,134 (1)    Represents the cash consideration of $125.00 per share paid to Mellanox shareholders for approximately 56 million shares of outstanding Mellanox ordinary shares.
(2)    Represents the cash consideration for the settlement of approximately 249 thousand Mellanox stock options held by
 employees and non-employee directors of Mellanox.(3)    Represents the fair value of Mellanox’s stock-based compensation awards attributable to pre-combination services.
We allocated the purchase price to tangible a
nd identified intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on the estimated fair values.The goodwill is primarily attributable to 
the planned growth in the combined business of NVIDIA and Mellanox. Goodwill is not amortized to earnings,but
 instead is reviewed for impairment at least annually, absent any interim indicators of impairment. Goodwill recognized in the acquisition is notexpected
 to  be  deductible  for  foreign  tax  purposes.  Goodwill  arising  from  the  Mellanox  acquisition  has  been  allocated  to  the  Compute  andNetworking segment. Refer to Note 17 – Segment Information for further details on segments.
The
 operating results of Mellanox have been included in our consolidated financial statements for fiscal year 2021 since the acquisition date of April27,
 2020.  Revenue  attributable  to  Mellanox  was  approximately  10%  for  fiscal  year  2021.  There  is  not  a  practical  way  to  determine  net  incomeattributable
 to  Mellanox  due  to  integration.  Acquisition-related  costs  attributable  to  Mellanox  of  $28  million  were  included  in  selling,  general  andadministrative expense for fiscal year 2021.
58
Table of ContentsNVIDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Continued)
Intangible Assets
The estimated fair value and useful life of the acquired i
ntangible assets at the time of the acquisition are as follows:Fair Value
Useful Lives (In millions)
Developed technology (1)
$ 1,640 5 years Customer relationships (2)
440 3 years Order backlog (3)
190 Based on actual shipments Trade names (4)
70 5 years Total identified fini
te-lived intangible assets2,340 IPR&D (5)
630 N/A Total identified intangible
 assets$ 2,970 (1)    The fair value of developed technology was identified using the Multi-Period Excess Earnings Method.
(2)    Customer relationships represent the fair value of the existing relationships using the With and Without Method.
(3)    Order backlog represents primarily the fair value of purchase arrangements with customers using the Multi-Period Excess Earnings Method. The intangible asset was fully
amortized as of January 31, 2021.
(4)    Trade names primarily relate to Mellanox trade names and fair value was determined by applying the Relief-from-Royalty Method under the income approach.
(5)    The fair value of IPR&D was determined using the Multi-Period Excess Earnings Method.
The
 fair  value  of  the  finite-lived  intangible  assets  will  be  amortized  over  the  estimated  useful  lives  based  on  the  pattern  in  which  the  economicbenefits are expected to be received to cost of revenue and operati
ng expenses.Mellanox
 has an IPR&D project associated with the next generation interconnect product that had not yet reached technological feasibility as of theacquisition
 date. Accordingly, we recorded an indefinite-lived intangible asset of $630 million for the fair value of this project, which was initially notamortized.
 Instead, the project is tested for impairment annually and whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the project may beimpaired
 or  may  have  reached  technological  feasibility.  Once  and  if  the  project  reaches  technological  feasibility,  we  will  begin  to  amortize  theintangible asset over its estimated useful life.
Supplemental Unaudited Pro Forma Information
The
 following  unaudited  pro  forma  financial  information  summarizes  the  combined  results  of  operations  for  NVIDIA  and  Mellanox  as  if  thecompanies were combined as of the begin
ning of fiscal year 2020:Pro Forma
 
Year Ended  
January 31, 2021 January 26, 2020 (In millions)
Revenue
$ 17,104 $ 12,250 Net income
$ 4,757 $ 2,114 The
 unaudited  pro  forma  information  includes  adjustments  related  to  amortization  of  acquired  intangible  assets,  adjustments  to  stock-basedcompensation
 expense,  fair  value  of  acquired  inventory,  and  transaction  costs.  The  unaudited  pro  forma  information  presented  above  is  forinformational
 purposes only and is not necessarily indicative of our consolidated results of operations of the combined business had the acquisitionactually occurred at the beginning of fiscal year 20
20 or of the results of our future operations of the combined businesses.The
 pro forma results reflect the inventory step-up expense of $161 million in the fiscal year 2020 and were excluded from the pro forma results forfiscal year 2021. There were no other material nonrecurring ad
justments.59
Table of ContentsNVIDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Continued)
Note 3 - Leases
Our
 lease obligations primarily consist of operating leases for our headquarters complex, domestic and international office facilities, and data centerspace, with lease periods expiring b
etween fiscal years 2023 and 2035.Future minimum lease payments under our non-cancela
ble operating leases as of January 30, 2022, are as follows:Operating Lease
Obligations
 
(In millions) Fiscal Year:
 2023
$ 176 2024
162 2025
136 2026
124 2027
114 2028 and thereafter
288 Total
1,000 Less imputed interest
115 Present value of net future minimum lease payments
885 Less short-term operating lease liabilities
144 Long-term opera
ting lease liabilities$ 741 In
 addition to our existing operating lease obligations, we have operating leases that are expected to commence within fiscal year 2023 with leaseterms of 7 years for $169 million.
Operating
 lease expense for fiscal years 2022, 2021, and 2020 was $168 million, $145 million, $114 million, respectively. Short-term and variablelease expenses for fiscal years 2022, 2021, and 2
020 were not significant.Other information related to leases was as follows:
Year Ended
January 30, 2022
January 31, 2021 January 26, 2020  
(In millions) Supplemental cash flows information
 Operating cash flows used for operating leases
$ 154 $ 141 $ 103 Operating lease assets obtained in exch
ange for leaseobligations (1)
$ 266 $ 200 $ 238 (1)    Fiscal year 2021 includes $80 million of operating lease assets addition due to Mellanox.
As
 of January 30, 2022, our operating leases had a weighted average remaining lease term of 7.1 years and a weighted average discount rate of2.51%.
 As of January 31, 2021, our operating leases had a weighted average remaining lease term of 7.6 years and a weighted average discountrate of 2.87%.
Note 4 - Stock-Based Compensation
Our
 stock-based compensation expense is associated with restricted stock units, or RSUs, performance stock units that are based on our corporatefinancial performance targets, or PSUs, performance stock units that are based on market conditions, or market-based PSUs, an
d our ESPP.60
Table of ContentsNVIDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Continued)
Our Consolidated Statements of Income include stock-based comp
ensation expense, net of amounts allocated to inventory, as follows: 
Year Ended January 30,
2022
January 31,2021
January 26,2020
 
(In millions) Cost of revenue
$ 141 $ 88 $ 39 Research and development
1,298 860 540 Sales, general and administrative
565 449 265 Total
$ 2,004 $ 1,397 $ 844 Stock-based compensation capitaliz
ed in inventories was not significant during fiscal years 2022, 2021, and 2020.The following is a summary of equity awards granted und
er our equity incentive plans:Year Ended
January 30,
2022
January 31,2021
January 26,2020
(In millions, except per share data)
RSUs, PSUs and Market-based PSUs
Awards granted
18 36 28 Estimated total grant-date fair value
$ 3,492 $ 2,764 $ 1,282 Weighted average grant-date fair value per share
$ 190.69 $ 76.81 $ 46.12 ESPP
Shares purchased
5 4 4 Weighted average price per share
$ 56.36 $ 34.80 $ 37.19 Weighted average grant-date fair value per share
$ 23.24 $ 16.91 $ 16.22 As
 of  January  30,  2022,  there  was  $4.87  billion  of  aggregate  unearned  stock-based  compensation  expense,  net  of  forfeitures.  This  amount  isexpected to be recognized over a weighte
d average period of 2.4 years for RSUs, PSUs, and market-based PSUs, and 0.9 years for ESPP.The fair value of shares issued under our ESPP hav
e been estimated with the following assumptions: 
Year Ended  
January 30,2022
January 31,2021
January 26,2020
(Using the Black-Scholes model)
ESPP
Weighted average expected life (in years)
0.1-2.0 0.1-2.0 0.1-2.0 Risk-free interest rate
—%-0.5% 0.1%-1.6% 1.5%-2.6% Volatility
20%-58% 26%-89% 30%-82% Dividend yield
0.1% 0.1%-0.3% 0.3%-0.4% For ESPP shares, the expected term represents the average term from the first
 day of the offering period to the purchase date. The risk-free interestrate
 assumption  used  to  value  ESPP  shares  is  based  upon  observed  interest  rates  on  Treasury  bills  appropriate  for  the  expected  term.  Ourexpected
 stock price volatility assumption for ESPP is estimated using historical volatility. For awards granted, we use the dividend yield at grantdate.
 Our RSU, PSU, and market-based PSU awards are not eligible for cash dividends prior to vesting; therefore, the fair values of RSUs, PSUs,and market-based PSUs are discounted for the divide
nd yield.61
Table of ContentsNVIDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Continued)
Additionally,
 for  RSU,  PSU,  and  market-based  PSU  awards,  we  estimate  forfeitures  semi-annually  and  revise  the  estimates  of  forfeiture  insubsequent periods if actual forfeitures differ from those estimates. Forfeitures are estimated based on historical ex
perience.Equity Incentive Program
We
 grant or have granted stock options, RSUs, PSUs, market-based PSUs, and stock purchase rights under the following equity incentive plans. Inaddition, in connection with our acq
uisitions of various companies, we have assumed certain stock-based awards granted under their stock incentiveplans and converted them into our RSUs.
Amended and Restated 2007 Equity Incentive Plan
In 2007, our shareholders approved the NVIDIA Corp
oration 2007 Equity Incentive Plan, as most recently amended and restated, or the 2007 Plan.The
 2007  Plan  authorizes  the  issuance  of  incentive  stock  options,  non-statutory  stock  options,  restricted  stock,  restricted  stock  units,  stockappreciation
 rights, performance stock awards, performance cash awards, and other stock-based awards to employees, directors and consultants.Only
 our employees may receive incentive stock options. As of January 30, 2022, up to 50 million shares of our common stock could be issuedpursuant
 to stock awards granted under the 2007 Plan, of which 6 million shares were issuable upon the exercise of outstanding stock options. Alloptions
 are fully vested, the last of which will expire by December 2023 if not exercised. Currently, we grant RSUs, PSUs and market-based PSUsunder the 2007 Plan, under which, as of Janu
ary 30, 2022, there were 131 million shares available for future grants.Subject
 to certain exceptions, RSUs granted to employees either vest (A) over a four-year period, subject to continued service, with 25% vesting ona
 pre-determined date that is close to the anniversary of the date of grant and 6.25% vesting quarterly thereafter, or (B) over a three-year period,subject
 to  continued  service,  with  40%  vesting  on  a  pre-determined  date  that  is  close  to  the  anniversary  of  the  date  of  grant  and  7.5%  vestingquarterly
 thereafter. PSUs vest over a four-year period, subject to continued service, with 25% vesting on a pre-determined date that is close to theannivers
ary of the date of grant and 6.25% vesting quarterly thereafter. Market-based PSUs vest 100% on approximately the three-year anniversaryof
 the date of grant. However, the number of shares subject to both PSUs and market-based PSUs that are eligible to vest is generally determinedby the Compensation Committee based on achi
evement of pre-determined criteria.Amended and Restated 2012 Employee Stock Purcha
se PlanIn
 2012, our shareholders approved the NVIDIA Corporation 2012 Employee Stock Purchase Plan, as most recently amended and restated, or the2012 Plan.
Employees
 who participate in the 2012 Plan may have up to 15% of their earnings withheld to purchase shares of common stock. The Board maydecrease
 this percentage at its discretion. Each offering period is approximately 24 months, which is generally divided into four purchase periods ofsix
 months. The price of common stock purchased under our 2012 Plan will be equal to 85% of the lower of the fair market value of the commonstock on the commencem
ent date of each offering period or the fair market value of the common stock on each purchase date within the offering. Asof January 30, 2022, we had 233 million sh
ares reserved for future issuance under the 2012 Plan.62
Table of ContentsNVIDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Continued)
Equity Award Activity
The following is a summary of our equity award transactions und
er our equity incentive plans: RSUs, PSUs and Market-based
 PSUs Outstanding 
Number of Shares Weighted Average Grant-DateFair Value
(In millions, except per share data)
Balances, January 31, 2021
59 $ 66.17 Granted
18 $ 190.69 Vested restricted stock
(29) $ 66.67 Canceled and forfeited
(2) $ 86.47 Balances, January 30, 2022
46 $ 114.19 Vested and expected to vest after January 30, 2022
46 $ 113.84 As
 of January 30, 2022 and January 31, 2021, there were 131 million and 148 million shares, respectively, of common stock available for futuregrants under our equity incentive plans. 
As
 of January 30, 2022, the total intrinsic value of options currently exercisable and outstanding was $1.38 billion, with an average exercise price of$3.55
 per  share  and  an  average  remaining  term  of  1.1  years.  The  total  intrinsic  value  of  options  exercised  was  $741  million,  $521  million,  and$84 million for fiscal years 2022, 2021, and 20
20, respectively. Upon the exercise of an option, we issue new shares of stock.The
 total  fair  value  of  RSUs  and  PSUs,  as  of  their  respective  vesting  dates,  during  the  years  ended  January  30,  2022,  January  31,  2021,  andJanuary 26, 2020, was $5.56 billio
n, $2.67 billion, and $1.45 billion, respectively.Note 5 - Net Income Per Share
The following is a reconciliati
on of the denominator of the basic and diluted net income per share computations for the periods presented: 
Year Ended  
January 30,2022
January 31,2021
January 26,2020
 
(In millions, except per share data) Numerator:
   Net income
$ 9,752 $ 4,332 $ 2,796 Denominator:
   Basic weighted average shares
2,496 2,467 2,439 Dilutive impact of outstanding equity awards
39 43 33 Diluted weighted average 
shares2,535 2,510 2,472 Net income per share:
   Basic (1)
$ 3.91 $ 1.76 $ 1.15 Diluted (2)
$ 3.85 $ 1.73 $ 1.13 Equity
 awards  excluded  from  diluted  net  income  per  share  because  their  effect  wouldhave been anti-dilutive
21 12 44 (1)    Calculated as net income divided by basic weighted average shares.
(2)    Calculated as net income divided by diluted weighted average shares.
63
Table of ContentsNVIDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Continued)
Note 6 - Goodwill
As
 of  January  30,  2022,  the  total  carrying  amount  of  goodwill  was  $4.35  billion,  consisting  of  goodwill  balances  allocated  to  our  Graphics  andCompute
 & Networking reporting units of $361 million and $3.99 billion, respectively. As of January 31, 2021, the total carrying amount of goodwillwas
 $4.19  billion,  consisting  of  goodwill  balances  allocated  to  our  Graphics  and  Compute  &  Networking  reporting  units  of  $347  million  and$3.85
 billion, respectively. Goodwill increased by $156 million in fiscal year 2022 from acquisitions. We assigned $143 million of the increase ingoodwill
 to our Compute & Networking segment and assigned $13 million of the increase to our Graphics segment. During the fourth quarters offiscal years 2022, 2021, and 2020, we complete
d our annual impairment tests and concluded that goodwill was not impaired in any of these years.Note 7 - Amortizable Intangible Assets
The components of our amortizable intangibl
e assets are as follows: 
January 30, 2022 January 31, 2021  
GrossCarrying
Amount
AccumulatedAmortization
Net Carrying
Amount
GrossCarrying
Amount
AccumulatedAmortization
Net Carrying
Amount
 
(In millions) (In millions) Acquisition-related in
tangibleassets (1)
$ 3,418 $ (1,304) $ 2,114 $ 3,280 $ (774) $ 2,506 Patents and licensed 
technology717 (492) 225 706 (475) 231 Total intangible assets
$ 4,135 $ (1,796) $ 2,339 $ 3,986 $ (1,249) $ 2,737 (1)
    As of January 30, 2022, acquisition-related intangible assets include the fair value of a Mellanox in-process research and development project of $630 million, which hasnot yet commenced amortization.
Amortization
 expense  associated  with  intangible  assets  for  fiscal  years  2022,  2021,  and  2020  was  $563  million,  $612  million,  and  $25million,
 respectively.  Future  amortization  expense  related  to  the  net  carrying  amount  of  intangible  assets,  excluding  in-process  research  anddevelopment,
 as of January 30, 2022 is estimated to be $585 million in fiscal year 2023, $461 million in fiscal year 2024, $405 million in fiscal year2025, $121 million in fiscal year 20
26, $16 million in fiscal year 2027, and $121 million in fiscal year 2028 and thereafter.Note 8 - Cash Equivalents and Marketable Securities
Our cash equivalents and marketable securities relate
d to debt securities are classified as “available-for-sale” debt securities.64
Table of ContentsNVIDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Continued)
The following is a summary of cash equivalents an
d marketable securities as of January 30, 2022 and January 31, 2021: 
January 30, 2022 Amortized
Cost
UnrealizedGain
UnrealizedLoss
EstimatedFair Value
Reported as 
CashEquivalents
MarketableSecurities
 
(In millions) Corporate debt securities
$ 9,977 $ — $ (3) $ 9,974 $ 1,102 $ 8,872 Debt securities issued by the United
States Treasury
7,314 — (14) 7,300 — 7,300 Debt securities issued by United States
government agencies
1,612 — — 1,612 256 1,356 Certificates of deposit
1,561 — — 1,561 21 1,540 Money market funds
316 — — 316 316 — Foreign government bonds
150 — — 150 — 150 Total
$ 20,930 $ — $ (17) $ 20,913 $ 1,695 $ 19,218  
January 31, 2021 Amortized
Cost
UnrealizedGain
UnrealizedLoss
EstimatedFair Value
Reported as 
CashEquivalents
MarketableSecurities
 
(In millions) Corporate debt securities
$ 4,442 $ 2 $— $ 4,444 $ 234 $ 4,210 Debt securities issued by United
States government agencies
2,975 1 — 2,976 28 2,948 Debt securities issued by the United
States Treasury
2,846 — — 2,846 25 2,821 Certificates of deposit
705 — — 705 37 668 Money market funds
313 — — 313 313 — Foreign government bonds
67 — — 67 — 67 Total
$ 11,348 $ 3 $— $ 11,351 $ 637 $ 10,714 65
Table of ContentsNVIDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Continued)
The
 following table provides the breakdown of unrealized losses as of January 30, 2022, aggregated by investment category and length of time thatindividual securities have b
een in a continuous loss position: 
Less than 12 Months 12 Months or Greater Total  
Estimated FairValue
GrossUnrealized
Loss
Estimated FairValue
GrossUnrealized Loss
Estimated FairValue
GrossUnrealized Loss
 
(In millions) Corporate debt securities
$ 2,445 $ (3) $ 19 $ — $ 2,464 $ (3) Debt securities issued by the United
States Treasury
5,292 (14) — — 5,292 (14) Total
$ 7,737 $ (17) $ 19 $ — $ 7,756 $ (17) Net realized gains and unreal
ized gains and losses were not significant for all periods presented.The amortized
 cost and estimated fair value of cash equivalents and marketable securities as of January 30, 2022 and January 31, 2021 are shownbelow by contractual maturity.
 
January 30, 2022 January 31, 2021  
AmortizedCost
EstimatedFair Value
AmortizedCost
EstimatedFair Value
 
(In millions) Less than one year
$ 16,346 $ 16,343 $ 10,782 $ 10,783 Due in 1 - 5 years
4,584 4,570 566 568 Total
$ 20,930 $ 20,913 $ 11,348 $ 11,351 Note 9 - Fair Value of Financial Assets and Liabilities
The
 fair values of our financial assets and liabilities are determined using quoted market prices of identical assets or quoted market prices of similarassets from active markets. We review fair value hierarchy classification on a quarterly basis.
66
Table of ContentsNVIDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Continued)
Fair Value at
Pricing Category
January 30, 2022 January 31, 2021 (In millions)
Assets
Cash equivalents and ma
rketable securities:Money market funds
Level 1 $ 316 $ 313 Corporate debt securities
Level 2 $ 9,974 $ 4,444 Debt securities issued by the United States Treasury
Level 2 $ 7,300 $ 2,846 Debt securities issued by United States government ag
enciesLevel 2 $ 1,612 $ 2,976 Certificates of deposit
Level 2 $ 1,561 $ 705 Foreign government bonds
Level 2 $ 150 $ 67 Other assets (Investment in non-affiliated entities):
Publicly-held equity securities (1)
Level 1 $ 58 $ — Privately-held equity securities
Level 3 $ 208 $ 144 Liabilities (2)
2.20% Notes Due 2021
Level 2 $ — $ 1,011 0.309% Notes Due 2023
Level 2 $ 1,236 $ — 0.584% Notes Due 2024
Level 2 $ 1,224 $ — 3.20% Notes Due 2026
Level 2 $ 1,055 $ 1,124 1.55% Notes Due 2028
Level 2 $ 1,200 $ — 2.85% Notes Due 2030
Level 2 $ 1,542 $ 1,654 2.00% Notes Due 2031
Level 2 $ 1,200 $ — 3.50% Notes Due 2040
Level 2 $ 1,066 $ 1,152 3.50% Notes Due 2050
Level 2 $ 2,147 $ 2,308 3.70% Notes Due 2060
Level 2 $ 551 $ 602 (1)    Unrealized gains of $48 million from an investment in a publicly-traded equity security were recorded in other income (expense), net, in fiscal year 2022.
(2)    These liabilities are carried on our Consolidated Balance Sheets at their original issuance value, net of unamortized debt discount and issuance costs.
67
Table of ContentsNVIDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Continued)
Note 10 - Balance Sheet Components
Certain balance sheet components are as foll
ows: 
January 30,2022
January 31,2021
(In millions)
Inventories:
Raw materials
$ 791 $ 632 Work in-process
692 457 Finished goods
1,122 737 Total inventories
$ 2,605 $ 1,826  
January 30,2022
January 31,2021
EstimatedUseful Life
(In millions)
(In years) Property and Equipment:
Land
$ 218 $ 218 (A) Buildings, leasehol
d improvements, and furniture874 796 (B) Equipment, compute hardware, and software
2,852 1,985 3-5 Construction in process
737 558 (C) Total property and equipment, gross
4,681 3,557  Accumulated depreciation
 and amortization(1,903) (1,408)  Total property and equipment, net
$ 2,778 $ 2,149  (A)
Land is a non-depreciable asset. (B)
The  estimated useful lives of our buildings are up to thirty years. Leasehold improvements and finance leases are amortized based on the lesser of either the asset’sestimated useful life or the expected lease term.
(C)
Construction in process represents assets that are not available for their intended use as of the balance shee t date.Depreciation expense for fiscal years 2022, 20
21, and 2020 was $611 million, $486 million, and $355 million, respectively.Accumulat
ed amortization of leasehold improvements and finance leases was $265 million and $223 million as of January 30, 2022 and January 31,2021, respectively.
Property,
 equipment  and  intangible  assets  acquired  by  assuming  related  liabilities  during  fiscal  years  2022,  2021,  and  2020  were  $258  million,$157 million, and $212 
million, respectively. 
January 30,2022
January 31,2021
Other assets:
(In millions) Prepaid supply agreements
$ 1,747 $ — Advanced consideration 
for acquisition (1)1,357 1,357 Prepaid royalties
409 440 Investment in non-affiliated entities
266 144 Other
62 203 Total other assets
$ 3,841 $ 2,144 (1)
Refer to Note 2 - Business Combination for further details on the Arm acquisition. 68
Table of ContentsNVIDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Continued)
 
January 30,2022
January 31,2021
(In millions)
Accrued and Other Current Liabilities:
Customer program accruals
$ 1,000 $ 630 Accrued payroll and 
related expenses409 297 Deferred revenue (1)
300 288 Excess inventory
 purchase obligations196 52 Other
647 510 Total accrued and other current liabilities
$ 2,552 $ 1,777 (1)
Deferred  revenue primarily includes customer advances and deferrals related to license and development arrangements, support for hardware and software, and cloudservices.
 
January 30,2022
January 31,2021
(In millions)
Other Long-Term Liabilities:
Income tax payable (1)
$ 980 $ 836 Deferred income tax
245 241 Deferred revenue (2)
202 163 Other
126 135 Total other long-term liabilities
$ 1,553 $ 1,375 (1)
As  of January 30, 2022, income tax payable represents the long-term portion of the one-time transition tax payable of $251 million, long-term portion of the unrecognizedtax benefits of $670 million, and related interest and penalties of $59 million.
(2)
Deferred revenue primarily includes deferrals related to support for hardware and software. Deferred Revenue
The following table shows the cha
nges in deferred revenue during fiscal years 2022 and 2021. 
January 30,2022
January 31,2021
(In millions)
Balance at beginning of pe
riod$ 451 $ 201 Deferred revenue added
 during the period821 536 Addition due to business
 combinations8 75 Revenue recognized during 
the period(778) (361) Balance at end of period
$ 502 $ 451 Revenue
 related to remaining performance obligations represents the contracted license and development arrangements and support for hardwareand
 software.  This  includes  deferred  revenue  currently  recorded  and  amounts  that  will  be  invoiced  in  future  periods.  As  of  January  30,  2022,$624
 million of revenue related to performance obligations had not been recognized, of which we expect to recognize approximately 49% over thenext twelve months and the remainder thereafter. This excludes revenue rel
ated to performance obligations for contracts with a length of one year orless.
69
Table of ContentsNVIDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Continued)
Note 11 - Derivative Financial Instruments
We
 enter into foreign currency forward contracts to mitigate the impact of foreign currency exchange rate movements on our operating expenses.These contracts are
 designated as cash flow hedges for hedge accounting treatment. Gains or losses on the contracts are recorded in accumulatedother
 comprehensive  income  or  loss  and  reclassified  to  operating  expense  when  the  related  operating  expenses  are  recognized  in  earnings  orineffectiveness should occur. The fair value of the contracts was not signific
ant as of January 30, 2022 and January 31, 2021.We
 enter into foreign currency forward contracts to mitigate the impact of foreign currency movements on monetary assets and liabilities that aredenominated
 in  currencies  other  than  U.S.  dollar.  These  forward  contracts  were  not  designated  for  hedge  accounting  treatment.  Therefore,  thechange
 in fair value of these contracts is recorded in other income or expense and offsets the change in fair value of the hedged foreign currencydenominated monetary assets and liabi
lities, which is also recorded in other income or expense.The table below presents the notiona
l value of our foreign currency forward contracts outstanding as of January 30, 2022 and January 31, 2021:January 30,
2022
January 31,2021
 
(In millions) Designated as cash flow hedges
$ 1,023 $ 840 Non-designated hedges
$ 408 $ 441 As
 of January 30, 2022, all designated foreign currency forward contracts mature within eighteen months. The expected realized gains and lossesdeferred
 into accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) related to foreign currency forward contracts within the next twelve months was notsignificant.
During
 fiscal  years  2022  and  2021,  the  impact  of  derivative  financial  instruments  designated  for  hedge  accounting  treatment  on  othercomprehensive income or loss was not significa
nt and all such instruments were determined to be highly effective.Note 12 - Debt
Long-Term Debt
In
 June 2021, March 2020, and September 2016, we issued a total of $5.00 billion, $5.00 billion, and $2.00 billion aggregate principal of seniornotes,
 respectively.  The  net  proceeds  from  these  offerings  were  $4.98  billion,  $4.97  billion,  and  $1.98  billion,  respectively,  after  deducting  debtdiscount and issuance costs.
On August 16, 2021, we repaid the $1.00 bill
ion of 2.20% Notes Due 2021.All of
 our notes are unsecured senior obligations. All existing and future liabilities of our subsidiaries will be effectively senior to the notes. Our notespay
 interest semi-annually. We may redeem each of our notes prior to maturity, subject to a make-whole premium as defined in the applicable formof note.
70
Table of ContentsNVIDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Continued)
The carrying value of the Notes, the calendar year of maturity, and the associated interest rates were as follo
ws: 
ExpectedRemaining Term (years)
EffectiveInterest Rate
January 30,2022
January 31,2021
 
  (In millions) 2.20% Notes Due 2021
— 2.38% $ — $1,000 0.309% Notes Due 2023
1.4 0.41% 1,250 — 0.584% Notes Due 2024
2.4 0.66% 1,250 — 3.20% Notes Due 2026
4.6 3.31% 1,000 1,000 1.55% Notes Due 2028
6.4 1.64% 1,250 — 2.85% Notes Due 2030
8.2 2.93% 1,500 1,500 2.00% Notes Due 2031
9.4 2.09% 1,250 — 3.50% Notes Due 2040
18.2 3.54% 1,000 1,000 3.50% Notes Due 2050
28.2 3.54% 2,000 2,000 3.70% Notes Due 2060
38.2 3.73% 500 500 Unamortized debt discount and issuanc
e costs  (54) (37) Net carrying amount
  10,946 6,963 Less short-term portion
— (999) Total long-term portion
$ 10,946 $ 5,964 As of January 30, 2022, we were in compliance with the req
uired covenants under the Notes.Commercial Paper
We
 have  a  $575  million  commercial  paper  program  to  support  general  corporate  purposes.  As  of  January  30,  2022,  we  had  not  issued  anycommercial paper.
Note 13 - Commitments and Contingencies
Purchase Obligations
Our
 purchase obligations primarily include our commitments to purchase components used to manufacture our products, including long-term supplyagreements, certain software and technology licens
es, other goods and services and long-lived assets.We
 have  entered  into  several  long-term  supply  agreements,  under  which  we  have  made  advance  payments  and  have  $1.58  billion  remainingunpaid.
 As  of  January  30,  2022,  we  had  outstanding  inventory  purchase  and  long-term  supply  obligations  totaling  $9.00  billion,  inclusive  of  the$1.58 billion, and othe
r purchase obligations totaling $1.30 billion.Total future unconditional purchase commitments as of January 30, 20
22, are as follows:Commitments
 
(In millions) Fiscal Year:
 2023
$ 9,302 2024
765 2025
201 2026
28 Total
$ 10,296 71
Table of ContentsNVIDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Continued)
In March 2022, we entered into a supply agreement with payments of $67
0 million to be paid over nine years.Accrual for Product Warranty Liabilities
The estimated amount of product warranty liabilities was $4
6 million and $22 million as of January 30, 2022 and January 31, 2021, respectively.In
 connection  with  certain  agreements  that  we  have  entered  in  the  past,  we  have  provided  indemnities  for  matters  such  as  tax,  product,  andemployee
 liabilities.  We  have  included  IP  indemnification  provisions  in  our  technology  related  agreements  with  third  parties.  Maximum  potentialfuture payments cannot be estimated because many of these agreements do not have a maximum
 stated liability. We have not recorded any liabilityfor such indemnifications.
Litigation
Securities Class Action and Derivative Lawsuits
The
 plaintiffs in the putative securities class action lawsuit, captioned 4:18-cv-07669-HSG, initially filed on December 21, 2018 in the United StatesDistrict Court for the
 Northern District of California, and titled In Re NVIDIA Corporation Securities Litigation , filed  an amended complaint on May 13,2020.
 The amended complaint asserted that NVIDIA and certain NVIDIA executives violated Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,as
 amended, or the Exchange Act, and SEC Rule 10b-5, by making materially false or misleading statements related to channel inventory and theimpact of cryptocurrency mining on GPU demand between May 10, 2017 and November 14,
 2018. Plaintiffs also alleged that the NVIDIA executiveswho
 they  named  as  defendants  violated  Section  20(a)  of  the  Exchange  Act.  Plaintiffs  sought  class  certification,  an  award  of  unspecifiedcompensatory
 damages, an award of reasonable costs and expenses, including attorneys’ fees and expert fees, and further relief as the Court maydeem
 just  and  proper.  On  March  2,  2021,  the  district  court  granted  NVIDIA’s  motion  to  dismiss  the  complaint  without  leave  to  amend,  enteredjudgment in
 favor of NVIDIA and closed the case. On March 30, 2021, plaintiffs filed an appeal from judgment in the United States Court of Appealsfor the Ninth Circuit, case number 21-15604. Oral argument is scheduled for May 10, 2022.
The
 putative  derivative  lawsuit  pending  in  the  United  States  District  Court  for  the  Northern  District  of  California,  captioned  4:19-cv-00341-HSG,initially
 filed January 18, 2019 and titled In  re NVIDIA Corporation Consolidated Derivative Litigation,  was stayed pending resolution of the plaintiffs’appeal in the In Re
 NVIDIA Corporation Securities Litigation action. On February 22, 2022, the court administratively closed the case, but stated thatit
 would  reopen  the  case  once  the  appeal  in  the In  Re  NVIDIA  Corporation  Securities  Litigation action  is  resolved.  The  lawsuit  asserts  claims,purported
ly on behalf of us, against certain officers and directors of the Company for breach of fiduciary duty, unjust enrichment, waste of corporateassets,
 and  violations  of  Sections  14(a),  10(b),  and  20(a)  of  the  Exchange  Act  based  on  the  dissemination  of  allegedly  false  and  misleadingstatements
 related to channel inventory and the impact of cryptocurrency mining on GPU demand. The plaintiffs are seeking unspecified damagesand other relief, including reforms and improvements to NVIDIA’s corporate gov
ernance and internal procedures.The
 putative derivative actions initially filed September 24, 2019 and pending in the United States District Court for the District of Delaware, Lipchitz v.
 Huang, et al. (Case  No. 1:19-cv-01795-UNA) and Nelson  v. Huang, et. al. (Case  No. 1:19-cv-01798- UNA), remain stayed pending resolution ofthe
 plaintiffs’ appeal in the In Re NVIDIA Corporation Securities Litigation action. The lawsuits assert claims, purportedly on behalf of us, againstcertain
 officers  and  directors  of  the  Company  for  breach  of  fiduciary  duty,  unjust  enrichment,  insider  trading,  misappropriation  of  information,corporate
 waste  and  violations  of  Sections  14(a),  10(b),  and  20(a)  of  the  Exchange  Act  based  on  the  dissemination  of  allegedly  false,  andmisleading
 statements  related  to  channel  inventory  and  the  impact  of  cryptocurrency  mining  on  GPU  demand.  The  plaintiffs  seek  unspecifieddamages and other relief, including d
isgorgement of profits from the sale of NVIDIA stock and unspecified corporate governance measures.Accounting for Loss Contingencies
As
 of January 30, 2022, we have not recorded any accrual for contingent liabilities associated with the legal proceedings described above based onour belief
 that liabilities, while possible, are not probable. Further, except as specifically described above, any possible loss or range of loss in thesematters cannot be reasonably estimat
ed at this time. We are engaged in legal actions not described above arising in the ordinary course of businessand,
 while there can be no assurance of favorable outcomes, we believe that the ultimate outcome of these actions will not have a material adverseeffect on our operating results, liquidity or financial pos
ition.72
Table of ContentsNVIDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Continued)
Note 14 - Income Taxes
The income tax expense (benefit) applicab
le to income before income taxes consists of the following: 
Year Ended  
January 30,2022
January 31,2021
January 26,2020
 
(In millions) Current income taxes:
   Federal
$ 482 $ 197 $ 65 State
42 1 4 Foreign
71 161 87 Total current
595 359 156 Deferred taxes:
   Federal
(420) (246) 2 Foreign
14 (36) 16 Total deferred
(406) (282) 18 Income tax expense
$ 189 $ 77 $ 174 Income before income tax consists of the following:
 
Year Ended  
January 30,2022
January 31,2021
January 26,2020
 
(In millions) Domestic (1)
$ 8,446 $ 1,437 $ 620 Foreign
1,495 2,972 2,350 Income before income tax
$ 9,941 $ 4,409 $ 2,970 (1)
Fiscal  year 2022 domestic income before income tax increased as compared to fiscal years 2021 and 2020 due to the Domestication in the second quarter of fiscal year2022.
73
Table of ContentsNVIDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Continued)
The
 income tax expense (benefit) differs from the amount computed by applying the U.S. federal statutory rate of 21% to income before incometaxes as follows:
 
Year Ended  
January 30,2022
January 31,2021
January 26,2020
 
(In millions) Tax expense computed at federal statutory rate
$ 2,088 $ 926 $ 624 Expense (benefit) resulting from:
State income taxes, net of federal tax effect
42 10 12 Foreign-derived intangible
 income(520) — — Foreign tax rate differential
(497) (561) (301) Stock-based compensation
(337) (136) (60) U.S. federal R&D tax credit
(289) (173) (110) IP domestication
(244) — — Other
(54) 11 9 Income tax expense
$ 189 $ 77 $ 174 The tax effect of temporary differences that gives rise to significant portions of the deferred tax assets and liabilities are pres
ented below:  
January 30,2022
January 31,2021
 
(In millions) Deferred tax assets:
 Research and other tax credit carryforwards
$ 798 $ 650 Property, equipmen
t and intangible assets530 32 GILTI deferred tax assets
378 709 Accruals and reserves, not currently deductible for tax purposes
258 59 Operating lease liabilities
125 120 Net operating loss carryforwards
118 100 Stock-based compensation
86 36 Other deferred tax assets
22 — Gross deferred tax assets
2,315 1,706 Less valuation allowance
(907) (728) Total deferred tax assets
1,408 978 Deferred tax liabilities:
  Acquired intangibles
(169) (191) Unremitted earnings of foreign subsidiaries
(150) (111) Operating lease assets
(113) (111) Gross deferred tax liabilities
(432) (413) Net deferred tax asset (1)
$ 976 $ 565 (1) 
Net deferred tax asset includes long-term deferred tax assets of $1.22 billion and $806 million and long-term deferred tax liabilities of $245 million and $241 million for fiscalyears 2022 and 2021, respectively. Long-term deferred tax liabilities are included in other long-term liabilities on our Consolidated Balance Sheets.
We
 recognized income tax expense of $189 million, $77 million, and $174 million for fiscal years 2022, 2021, and 2020 respectively. Our annualeffective
 tax rate was 1.9%, 1.7%, and 5.9% for fiscal years 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. The increase in our effective tax rate in fiscal year2022 as compared to fiscal year 2021 was primarily due to an
74
Table of ContentsNVIDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Continued)
increase
 in the amount of earnings subject to U.S. tax, and a decreased impact of tax benefits from the U.S. federal research tax credit, partiallyoffset
 by the benefit of the foreign-derived intangible income deduction and the discrete benefit of the Domestication. The decrease in our effectivetax rate in
 fiscal year 2021 as compared to fiscal year 2020 was primarily due to a decrease in the proportional amount of earnings subject to UnitedStates tax and an increase of tax benefits from stock-based compensation.
On
 June  28,  2021,  we  simplified  our  corporate  structure  by  repatriating  the  economic  rights  of  certain  non-U.S.  IP  to  the  United  States  viadomestication of a foreign subsidiary, or
 the Domestication. The Domestication more closely aligns our corporate structure to our operating structurein
 accordance with the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development’s Base Erosion and Profit Shifting conclusions and changes toU.S.
 and European tax laws. The impact of the Domestication, which is regarded as a change in tax status, resulted in a discrete benefit primarilyfrom re-valuing certain deferred tax assets, net of deferred tax liabilities, of $244 million i
n fiscal year 2022.Our effective tax rate for fiscal year 2022 was lower than the U.S. federal statutory rate of 21% due to tax benefits from the foreign-derived intangible
income
 deduction, income earned in jurisdictions, including the British Virgin Islands and Israel, that are subject to taxes lower than the U.S. federalstatutory
 tax  rate,  excess  tax  benefits  related  to  stock-based  compensation,  recognition  of  U.S.  federal  research  tax  credits  and  the  one-timebenefits of the Domestication.
Our
 effective tax rates for fiscal years 2021 and 2020 were lower than the U.S. federal statutory rate of 21% due primarily to income earned injurisdictions,
 including  the  British  Virgin  Islands,  Israel  and  Hong  Kong,  where  the  tax  rate  was  lower  than  the  U.S.  federal  statutory  tax  rate,recognition of U.S. federal research tax credits, and excess tax benefits related to stock-based compe
nsation.During
 the second quarter of fiscal year 2021, we completed the acquisition of Mellanox. As a result of the acquisition, we recorded $256 million ofnet
 deferred tax liabilities primarily on the excess of book basis over the tax basis of the acquired intangible assets and undistributed earnings incertain foreign subsidiaries. We also recorded $1
53 million of long-term tax liabilities related to tax basis differences in Mellanox.As
 of January 30, 2022, we intend to indefinitely reinvest approximately $1.05 billion and $232 million of cumulative undistributed earnings held bycertain
 subsidiaries in Israel and the United Kingdom, respectively. We have not provided the amount of unrecognized deferred tax liabilities fortemporary differences related to these investments as the determination of such amount is not practicabl
e.As
 of January 30, 2022 and January 31, 2021, we had a valuation allowance of $907 million and $728 million, respectively, related to state andcertain
 other deferred tax assets that management determined not likely to be realized due, in part, to jurisdictional projections of future taxableincome.
 To the extent realization of the deferred tax assets becomes more-likely-than-not, we would recognize such deferred tax assets as incometax benefits during the period.
As
 of  January  30,  2022,  we  had  federal,  state  and  foreign  net  operating  loss  carryforwards  of  $397  million,  $345  million  and  $341  million,respective
ly. The federal and state carryforwards will begin to expire in fiscal year 2023. The foreign net operating loss carryforwards of $341 millionmay
 be carried forward indefinitely. As of January 30, 2022, we had federal research tax credit carryforwards of $102 million that will begin to expirein fiscal year 2042. We have state research tax credit carryforwards of $1.24 billion, of which $1.1
8 billion is attributable to the State of California andmay
 be carried over indefinitely, and $55 million is attributable to various other states and will begin to expire in fiscal year 2023. Our tax attributes,net
 operating  loss  and  tax  credit  carryforwards,  remain  subject  to  audit  and  may  be  adjusted  for  changes  or  modification  in  tax  laws,  otherauthoritative
 interpretations thereof, or other facts and circumstances. Utilization of federal, state, and foreign net operating losses and tax creditcarryforwards
 may also be subject to limitations due to ownership changes and other limitations provided by the Internal Revenue Code and similarstate
 and  foreign  tax  provisions.  If  any  such  limitations  apply,  the  federal,  state,  or  foreign  net  operating  loss  and  tax  credit  carryforwards,  asapplicable, may expire or be denie
d before utilization.As
 of  January  30,  2022,  we  had  $1.01  billion  of  gross  unrecognized  tax  benefits,  of  which  $808  million  would  affect  our  effective  tax  rate  ifrecognized. However,
 $181 million of the unrecognized tax benefits were related to state income tax positions taken, that, if recognized, would be inthe form
 of a carryforward deferred tax asset that would likely attract a full valuation allowance. The $808 million of net unrecognized tax benefits asof
 January 30, 2022 consisted of $670 million recorded in non-current income taxes payable and $138 million reflected as a net reduction to thedeferred tax assets.
75
Table of ContentsNVIDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Continued)
A reconciliation of gross unrecognize
d tax benefits is as follows: 
January 30,2022
January 31,2021
January 26,2020
 
(In millions) Balance at beginning of pe
riod$ 776 $ 583 $ 477 Increases in tax positions for current year
246 158 104 Increases in tax positions for prior years (1)
14 60 7 Decreases in tax positions for prior years
(4) (11) — Settlements
(8) (5) — Lapse in statute of limitations
(11) (9) (5) Balance at end of period
$ 1,013 $ 776 $ 583 (1) 
The fiscal year 2021 balance represents prior year gross unrecognized tax benefits recorded as a result of the Mellanox acquisition.We
 classify an unrecognized tax benefit as a current liability, or amount refundable, to the extent that we anticipate payment or receipt of cash forincome taxes
 within one year. The amount is classified as a long-term liability, or reduction of long-term deferred tax assets or amount refundable, ifwe anticipate payment or receipt of cash for income taxes during a period b
eyond a year.We
 include interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits as a component of income tax expense. As of January 30, 2022, January 31,2021, and January
 26, 2020, we had accrued $59 million, $44 million, and $31 million, respectively, for the payment of interest and penalties relatedto
 unrecognized tax benefits, which is not included as a component of our unrecognized tax benefits. As of January 30, 2022, unrecognized taxbenefits of $670 million and the related i
nterest and penalties of $59 million are included in non-current income taxes payable.While
 we  believe  that  we  have  adequately  provided  for  all  tax  positions,  amounts  asserted  by  tax  authorities  could  be  greater  or  less  than  ouraccrued
 position. Accordingly, our provisions on federal, state and foreign tax-related matters to be recorded in the future may change as revisedestimates
 are made or the underlying matters are settled or otherwise resolved. As of January 30, 2022, we do not believe that our estimates, asotherwise provided for, on such tax positions will si
gnificantly increase or decrease within the next twelve months.We are subject to taxation by taxing authorities both in the United States and other countries. As of January 30, 2022, the significant tax jurisdictions
that
 may be subject to examination include China, Germany, Hong Kong, India, Israel, Taiwan, United Kingdom, and the United States for fiscalyears
 2005 through 2021. As of January 30, 2022, the significant tax jurisdictions for which we are currently under examination include Germany,India, Israel, and the United States for fiscal years 2005 through 2019.
Note 15 - Shareholders’ Equity
Capital Return Program
Beginning August 200
4, our Board of Directors authorized us to repurchase our stock.Through
 January 30, 2022, we have repurchased an aggregate of 1.04 billion shares under our share repurchase program for a total cost of $7.08billion.
 As of January 30, 2022, we have a remaining authorization, subject to certain specifications, to repurchase shares of our common stock upto
 $7.24 billion through December 2022. From January 31, 2022 through March 17, 2022, we repurchased 7.7 million shares of our common stockfor $1.75 billion.
During fiscal years 2022, 2021, and 202
0, we paid $399 million, $395 million, and $390 million in cash dividends to our shareholders, respectively.During
 the  fourth  quarter  of  fiscal  year  2022,  our  Board  of  Directors  approved  the  retirement  of  our  existing  349  million  treasury  shares.  Theseshares
 assumed  the  status  of  authorized  and  unissued  shares  upon  retirement.  The  excess  of  repurchase  price  over  par  value  was  allocatedbetween
 additional paid-in capital and retained earnings, resulting in a reduction in additional paid-in capital by $20 million and retained earnings by$12.0 billion. Any future repurchased shares w
ill assume the status of authorized and unissued shares.76
Table of ContentsNVIDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Continued)
Note 16 - Employee Retirement Plans
We
 provide tax-qualified defined contribution plans to eligible employees in the U.S. and certain other countries. Our contribution expense for fiscalyears 2022, 2021, and 2020 was $16
8 million, $120 million, and $76 million, respectively.Note 17 - Segment Information 
Our
 Chief Executive Officer, who is considered to be our chief operating decision maker, or CODM, reviews financial information presented on anoperating segment basis for purposes of making decisi
ons and assessing financial performance.Our
 Graphics segment includes GeForce GPUs for gaming and PCs, the GeForce NOW game streaming service and related infrastructure, andsolutions
 for gaming platforms; Quadro/NVIDIA RTX GPUs for enterprise workstation graphics; vGPU software for cloud-based visual and virtualcomputing; automotive platforms for infotainment systems; and Omniverse software for building 3D desig
ns and virtual worlds.Our
 Compute & Networking segment includes Data Center platforms and systems for AI, HPC, and accelerated computing; Mellanox networkingand
 interconnect solutions; automotive AI Cockpit, autonomous driving development agreements, and autonomous vehicle solutions; CMP; Jetsonfor robotics and other embedded platforms; and NVIDIA AI Enterprise and other software.
Operating
 results by segment include costs or expenses that are directly attributable to each segment, and costs or expenses that are leveragedacross our unified architecture and therefore allocated b
etween our two segments.The “All Other” category
 includes the expenses that our CODM does not assign to either Graphics or Compute & Networking for purposes of makingoperating
 decisions or assessing financial performance. The expenses include stock-based compensation expense, corporate infrastructure andsupport
 costs, acquisition-related costs, IP-related costs, and other non-recurring charges and benefits that our CODM deems to be enterprise innature.
Our
 CODM does not review any information regarding total assets on a reportable segment basis. Depreciation and amortization expense directlyattributable
 to each reportable segment is included in operating results for each segment. However, the CODM does not evaluate depreciation andamortization
 expense  by  operating  segment  and,  therefore,  it  is  not  separately  presented.  There  is  no  intersegment  revenue.  The  accountingpolicies
 for  segment  reporting  are  the  same  as  for  our  consolidated  financial  statements.  The  table  below  presents  details  of  our  reportablesegments and the “All Other” category.
 
Graphics Compute &Networking
All Other Consolidated (In millions)
Year Ended January 30, 2022:
    Revenue
$ 15,868 $ 11,046 $ — $ 26,914 Operating income (loss)
$ 8,492 $ 4,598 $ (3,049) $ 10,041 Year Ended January 31, 2021:
    Revenue
$ 9,834 $ 6,841 $ — $ 16,675 Operating income (loss)
$ 4,612 $ 2,548 $ (2,628) $ 4,532 Year Ended January 26, 2020:
    Revenue
$ 7,639 $ 3,279 $ — $ 10,918 Operating income (loss)
$ 3,267 $ 751 $ (1,172) $ 2,846 77
Table of ContentsNVIDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Continued)
Year Ended
January 30,
2022
January 31,2021
January 26,2020
(In millions)
Reconciling items included in "All Other" category:
Stock-based compensation expense
$ (2,004) $ (1,397) $ (844) Acquisition-related intangi
ble asset amortization, inventory step-up charge, andother costs
(636) (836) (31) Unallocated cost of revenue and operati
ng expenses(399) (357) (283) IP-related costs
(10) (38) (14) Total
$ (3,049) $ (2,628) $ (1,172) Revenue
 by  geographic  region  is  allocated  to  individual  countries  based  on  the  location  to  which  the  products  are  initially  billed  even  if  ourcustomers’ revenue
 is attributable to end customers that are located in a different location. The following table summarizes information pertaining toour revenue from customers based on the invoicing address by ge
ographic regions:  
Year Ended  
January 30,2022
January 31,2021
January 26,2020
Revenue:
(In millions) Taiwan
$ 8,544 $ 4,531 $ 3,025 China (including Hong Kong)
7,111 3,886 2,731 United States
4,349 3,214 886 Other countries
6,910 5,044 4,276 Total revenue
$ 26,914 $ 16,675 $ 10,918 No
 customer represented 10% or more of total revenue for fiscal years 2022 and 2021. One customer represented 11% of our total revenue forfiscal year 2020 and was attributable primarily to the Graphics segme
nt.Two
 customers  represented  22%  of  our  accounts  receivable  balance  as  of  January  30,  2022.  One  customer  represented  16%  of  our  accountsreceivable balance as o
f January 31, 2021.The following table summarizes information pertai
ning to our revenue by each of the specialized markets we serve: 
Year Ended  
January 30,2022
January 31,2021
January 26,2020
Revenue:
(In millions) Gaming
$ 12,462 $ 7,759 $ 5,518 Data Center
10,613 6,696 2,983 Professional Visualization
2,111 1,053 1,212 Automotive
566 536 700 OEM & Other
1,162 631 505 Total revenue
$ 26,914 $ 16,675 $ 10,918 78
Table of ContentsNVIDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Continued)
The
 following  table  presents  summarized  information  for  long-lived  assets  by  country.  Long-lived  assets  consist  of  property  and  equipment  andexclude other assets, operating lease assets, good
will, and intangible assets. 
January 30,2022
January 31,2021
Long-lived assets:
(In millions) United States
$ 2,023 $ 1,643 Taiwan
379 183 Israel
185 147 Other countries
191 176 Total long-lived assets
$ 2,778 $ 2,149 79
Table of ContentsNVIDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
SCHEDULE II – VALUATION AND QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS
Description
Balance atBeginning of
Period
Additions  Deductions  Balance atEnd of Period
 
(In millions) Fiscal year 2022
      Allowance for doubtful accounts
$ 4 $— (1)$ — (1)$ 4 Sales return allowance
$ 17 $ 19 (2)$ (23) (4) $ 13 Deferred tax valuation allowance
$ 728 $ 179 (3) $ — $ 907 Fiscal year 2021
      Allowance for doubtful accounts
$ 2 $2 (1)$ — (1)$ 4 Sales return allowance
$ 9 $30 (2)$ (22) (4) $ 17 Deferred tax valuation allowance
$ 621 $ 107 (3) $ — $ 728 Fiscal year 2020
      Allowance for doubtful accounts
$ 2 $— (1)$ — (1)$ 2 Sales return allowance
$ 8 $18 (2)$ (17) (4) $ 9 Deferred tax valuation allowance
$ 562 $ 59 (3)$ — $ 621 (1)
Additions represent either expense or acquired balances and deductions represent write-offs. (2)
Additions represent estimated product returns charged as a reduction to revenue or an acquired balance. (3)
Additional  valuation allowance on deferred tax assets not likely to be realized. Refer to Note 14 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part IV, Item 15of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information.
(4)
Represents sales returns. 80
Table of ContentsEXHIBIT INDEX
Incorporated by Reference
Exhibit No.
Exhibit Description Schedule/Form File Number Exhibit Filing Date 2.1
Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated March 10, 2019, by and among NVIDIA Corporation, NVIDIA
International Holdings Inc., Mellanox Tech
nologiesLtd. and Teal Barvaz Ltd.
8-K0-23985 2.1 3/11/2019 2.2^
Share Purchase Agreement, dated September 13, 2020, by and among NV
IDIA, NVIDIA Holdings,Arm, SoftBank, and Vision Fund
8-K0-23985 2.1 9/14/2020 3.1*
Restated Certificate of Incorporation 3.2
Bylaws of NVIDIA Corporation, Amended and Restated as of March 3, 2022
8-K0-23985 3.1 3/9/2022 4.1
Reference is made to Exhibits 3.1 and 3.2 4.2
Specimen Stock Certificate S-1/A 333-47495 4.2 4/24/1998 4.3
Indenture,  dated as of September 16, 2016, by andbetween
 the  Company  and  Wells  Fargo  Bank,National Association, as Trustee
8-K0-23985 4.1 9/16/2016 4.4
Officers’ Certificate, dated as of September 16, 2016 8-K 0-23985 4.2 9/16/2016 4.5
Form of 2021 Note 8-K 0-23985 Annex A to Exhibit 4.2
9/16/20164.6
Form of 2026 Note 8-K 0-23985 Annex B to Exhibit 4.2
9/16/20164.7*
Description of Securities 4.8
Officers’ Certificate, dated as of March 31, 2020 8-K 0-23985 4.2 3/31/2020 4.9
Form of 2030 Note 8-K 0-23985 Annex A-1 to Exhibit 4.2
3/31/20204.10
Form of 2040 Note 8-K 0-23985 Annex B-1 to Exhibit 4.2
3/31/20204.11
Form of 2050 Note 8-K 0-23985 Annex C-1 to Exhibit 4.2
3/31/20204.12
Form of 2060 Note 8-K 0-23985 Annex D-1 to Exhibit 4.2
3/31/20204.13
Officers' Certificate, dated as of June 16, 2021 8-K 0-23985 4.2 6/16/2021 4.14
Form of 2023 Note 8-K 0-23985 Annex A to Exhibit 4.2
6/16/20214.15
Form of 2024 Note 8-K 0-23985 Annex B to Exhibit 4.2
6/16/20214.16
Form of 2028 Note 8-K 0-23985 Annex C to Exhibit 4.2
6/16/20214.17
Form of 2031 Note 8-K 0-23985 Annex D to Exhibit 4.2
6/16/202110.1
Form  of  Indemnity  Agreement  between  NVIDIACorporation and each of its directors and officers
8-K0-23985 10.1 3/7/2006 10.2+
Amended and Restated 2007  Equity Incentive Plan10-Q 0-23985 10.1 8/20/2021 10.3+
2007 Equity Incentive Plan - Non-Statutory Stock Option (Annual Grant - Board Service (2011))
10-Q0-23985 10.41 5/27/2011 10.4+
2007 Equity Incentive Plan - Non-Statutory Stock Option (Initial Grant - Board Service (2011))
8-K0-23985 10.1 12/14/2011 81
Table of Contents10.5+
Amended and Restated 2007 Eq uity Incentive Plan - Non-Employee Director Stock Option Grant (2012 Annual Board
Retainer)
10-Q0-23985 10.4 5/23/2012 10.6+
Amended and Restated 2007 Eq uity Incentive Plan - NonStatutory Stock Option
10-Q0-23985 10.1 8/22/2012 10.7+
Amended and Restated 2007 Eq uity Incentive Plan -Incentive Stock Option
10-Q0-23985 10.2 8/22/2012 10.8+
Amended and Restated 2007 Eq uity Incentive Plan - Non-Employee Director Deferred Restricted Stock Unit Grant
Notice and Deferred Restricted Stock Unit Agreement
(2016)
10-K0-23985 10.26 3/12/2015 10.9+
Amended and Restated 2007 Eq uity Incentive Plan - Non-Employee Director Restricted Stock Unit Grant Notice and
Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (2016)
10-K0-23985 10.27 3/12/2015 10.10+
Amended and Restated 2007 Eq uity Incentive Plan -Restricted Stock Unit Grant Notice and Restricted Stock
Unit Agreement & Performance-Based Restricted Stock
Unit Grant Notice and Performance-Based Restricted
Stock Unit Agreement (2015)
10-Q0-23985 10.2 5/20/2015 10.11+
Amended and Restated 2007 Eq uity Incentive Plan -Restricted Stock Unit Grant Notice and Restricted Stock
Unit Agreement & Performance-Based Restricted Stock
Unit Grant Notice and Performance-Based Restricted
Stock Unit Agreement (2018)
10-Q0-23985 10.2 5/22/2018 10.12+
Amended and Restated 2007 Eq uity Incentive Plan -Global Restricted Stock Unit Grant Notice and Global
Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (2019)
10-K0-23985 10.19 2/21/2019 10.13+
Amended and Restated 2007 Eq uity Incentive Plan -Global Performance-Based Restricted Stock Unit Grant
Notice and Performance-Based Restricted Stock Unit
Agreement (2019)
8-K0-23985 10.1 3/11/2019 10.14+
Amended and Restated 2007 Eq uity Incentive Plan –Global Restricted Stock Unit Grant Notice and Global
Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (2020)
10-Q0-23985 10.2 5/21/2020 10.15+
Amended and Restated 2007 Eq uity Incentive Plan –Global Restricted Stock Unit Grant Notice and Global
Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (2021)
10-Q0-23985 10.2 5/26/2021 10.16+*
Amended and Restated 2007 Eq uity Incentive Plan –Global Restricted Stock Unit Grant Notice and Global
Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (2022)
10.17+
Amended and Restated 2012 Empl oyee Stock PurchasePlan
10-Q0-23985 10.2 8/20/2021 10.18+
Fiscal Year 2021 Variable  Compensation Plan8-K 0-23985 10.1 3/10/2020 10.19+
Fiscal Year 202 2  Variable Compensation Plan8-K 0-23985 10.1 3/19/2021 10.20+
Fiscal Year 2023 Variable  Compensation Plan8-K 0-23985 10.1 3/9/2022 10.21+
Offer  Letter  between  NVIDIA  Corporation  and  ColetteKress, dated September 13, 2013
8-K0-23985 10.1 9/16/2013 10.22+
Offer Letter between NVIDIA Corporation and Tim Teter, dated December 16, 2016
8-K0-23985 10.1 1/19/2017 10.23+
Offer Let ter between NVIDIA Corporation and DonaldRobertson, dated May 21, 2019
8-K0-23985 10.1 6/17/2019 10.24
Credit Agreement, dated as of October 7, 2016 by and among NVIDIA Corporation, Wells Fargo Bank, Nation
alAssociation, as administrative agent, and the len
ders partythereto
8-K0-23985 1.1 10/13/2016 82
Table of Contents10.25
Form of Commercial Paper Dealer Agreement between NVIDIA Corporation, as Issuer, and the Dealer party
thereto
8-K0-23985 10.1 12/15/2017 21.1*
List of Registrant's Subsidiaries 23.1*
Consent of Pricewa terhouseCoopers LLP24.1*
Power of Attorney (included in signature pag e)31.1*
Certification of Chief Executive Officer as required by Rule 13a-1 4(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 193431.2*
Certification of Chief Financial Officer as required by Rul e 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 193432.1#*
Certification of Chief Executive Officer as required by Rule 13a-1 4(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 193432.2#*
Certification of Chief Financial Officer as required by Rul e 13a-14(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934101.INS*
XBRL Instance Document 101.SCH*
XBRL Taxonomy Extension  Schema Document101.CAL*
XBRL Taxonomy Extension  Calculation Linkbase Document101.DEF*
XBRL Taxonomy Extension  Definition Linkbase Document101.LAB*
XBRL Taxonomy Extension  Labels Linkbase Document101.PRE*
XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentatio n Linkbase Document104
Cover Page Interactive Data File - the cover page interactive data file d oes not appear in the Interactive Data File because itsXBRL tags are embedded within the Inli
ne XBRL document* 
 Filed herewith.+  Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement.
#
 In accordance with Item 601(b)(32)(ii) of Regulation S-K and SEC Release Nos. 33-8238 and 34-47986, Final Rule: Management's Reports onInternal
 Control Over Financial Reporting and Certification of Disclosure in Exchange Act Periodic Reports, the certifications furnished in Exhibits32.1
 and 32.2 hereto are deemed to accompany this Annual Report on Form 10-K and will not be deemed “filed” for purpose of Section 18 of theExchange
 Act. Such certifications will not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act,except to the extent that the registrant specifically incorporates it by reference.
^ Certain exhibits and schedules h
ave been omitted in accordance with Regulation S-K Item 601(a)(5).Copies of above exhibits not contain
ed herein are available to any shareholder upon written request to:Investor Relations: NVIDIA Corporation, 2788 San Tomas Ex
pressway, Santa Clara, CA 95051ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY
Not Applicable.
83
Table of ContentsSIGNATURES
Pursuant to
 the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signedon its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto du
ly authorized, on March 17, 2022.NVIDIA Corporation
By:
/s/  Jen-Hsun Huang  
Jen-Hsun Huang  
President and Chief Executive Officer POWER OF ATTORNEY
KNOW
 ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Jen-Hsun Huang andColette
 M. Kress, and each or any one of them, his true and lawful attorney-in-fact and agent, with full power of substitution and resubstitution, forhim
 and in his name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign any and all amendments to this report, and to file the same, with all exhibitsthereto,
 and  other  documents  in  connection  therewith,  with  the  Securities  and  Exchange  Commission,  granting  unto  said  attorneys-in-facts  andagents, and each of them,
 full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in connectiontherewith,
 as fully to all intents and purposes as he might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact andagents, or any of them, or their or his substitutes or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof.
84
Table of ContentsPursuant
 to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of theregistrant and in the capacities and on the dates in
dicated.Signature
Title Date /s/ JEN-HSUN HUANG 
President, Chief Executive Officer and Director(Principal Executive Officer)
March 17, 2022 Jen-Hsun Huang
 /s/ COLETTE M. KRESS 
Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer(Principal Financial Officer)
March 17, 2022 Colette M. Kress
 /s/ DONALD ROBERTSON
Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer(Principal Accounting Officer)
March 17, 2022 Donald Robertson
/s/ ROBERT BURGESS
Director March 17, 2022 Robert Burgess
/s/ TENCH COXE  
Director March 17, 2022 Tench Coxe 
 /s/ JOHN O. DABIRI
Director March 17, 2022 John O. Dabiri
 /s/ PERSIS DRELL
Director March 17, 2022 Persis Drell
/s/ DAWN HUDSON
Director March 17, 2022 Dawn Hudson
/s/ HARVEY C. JONES 
Director March 17, 2022 Harvey C. Jones
 /s/ MICHAEL MCCAFFERY
Director March 17, 2022 Michael McCaffery
/s/ STEPHEN C. NEAL
Director March 17, 2022 Stephen C. Neal
/s/ MARK L. PERRY 
Director March 17, 2022 Mark L. Perry 
 /s/ A. BROOKE SEAWELL
Director March 17, 2022 A. Brooke Seawell 
/s/ AARTI SHAH
Director March 17, 2022 Aarti Shah
/s/ MARK STEVENS
Director March 17, 2022 Mark Stevens 
 85
RESTATEDCERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION
NVIDIA Corporation
,  a corporation organized and existing under and by virtue of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware,hereby certifies as follows:
1.    The name of the corporation is 
NVIDIA Corporation . 2.
    The corporation’s original Certificate of Incorporation was filed with the Secretary of State on February 24, 1998 under the name ofNVIDIA Delaware Corpo
ration.3.
    The  Restated  Certificate  of  Incorporation  of  this  corporation,  in  the  form  attached  hereto  as  Exhibit  A,  has  been  duly  adopted  inaccordance
 with the provisions of Section 245 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware by the Board of Directors of the corporationand
 only restates and integrates, and does not further amend, the provisions of the corporation’s amended and restated certificate of incorporationas
 theretofore amended or supplemented (the “Current Certificate”) and there is no discrepancy between the provisions of the Current Certificateand the provisions of this Restated Certificate of Incorporation.
4.
    The Restated Certificate of Incorporation so adopted reads in full as set forth in Exhibit A attached hereto and hereby incorporated byreference.
In
 Witness Whereof, NVIDIA Corporation has  caused  this  Restated  Certificate  of  Incorporation  to  be  signed  by  its  Executive  VicePresident and Chief Financia
l Officer and attested to by its Secretary in Santa Clara, California on this 9th day of December, 2021.NVIDIA Corporation
/s/ Colette M. Kress
Executive
 Vice  President  and  ChiefFinancial Officer
Attest
/s/ Timothy S. Teter
Secretary
Exhibit ARESTATED
CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION
OF
NVIDIA CORPORATION
I.
The name of this corporation is NVIDIA Corporation.
II.
The
 address of the registered office of the corporation in the State of Delaware is 251 Little Falls Drive, City of Wilmington, County of NewCastle 19808, and the name of the registered agent of the corporatio
n in the State of Delaware at such address is Corporation Service Company.III.
The
 purpose  of  this  corporation  is  to  engage  in  any  lawful  act  or  activity  for  which  a  corporation  may  be  organized  under  the  GeneralCorporation Law of
 the State of Delaware.IV.
A.    
This corporation is authorized to  issue two classes of stock to be designated, respectively, “Common Stock” and “Preferred Stock.” Thetotal
 number of shares which the corporation is authorized to issue is Four Billion Two Million (4,002,000,000) shares. Four Billion (4,000,000,000)shares
 shall be Common Stock, each having a par value of one-tenth of one cent ($.001). Two Million (2,000,000) shares shall be Preferred Stock,each having a par value of one-tenth of one cent ($.001).
The
 Preferred  Stock  may  be  issued  from  time  to  time  in  one  or  more  series.  The  Board  of  Directors  is  hereby  authorized,  by  filing  acertificate
 (a “Preferred Stock Designation”) pursuant to the Delaware General Corporation Law, to fix or alter from time to time the designation,powers,
 preferences and rights of the shares of each such series and the qualifications, limitations or restrictions of any wholly unissued series ofPreferred
 Stock, and to establish from time to time the number of shares constituting any such series or any of them; and to increase or decreasethe
 number of shares of any series subsequent to the issuance of shares of that series, but not below the number of shares of such series thenoutstanding. In
 case the number of shares of any series shall be decreased in accordance with the foregoing sentence, the shares constituting suchdecrease shall resume the status that they had prior to the adoption of the resolutio
n originally fixing the number of shares of such series.V.
For
 the management of the business and for the conduct of the affairs of the Corporation, and in further definition, limitation and regulationof the powers of the Corporation, of its directors and of its stockholders or any class thereof, as the case may be, it is further provided that:
A
.    1.    The management of the business and the conduct of the affairs of the Corporation shall be vested in its Board of Directors. Thenumber of directors which shall constitute
 the whole Board of Directors shall be fixed exclusively by one or more resolutions adopted by the Board ofDirectors.
2
.    Subject to the other provisions of this paragraph, the Board of Directors is and shall remain divided into three classes, with thedirectors
 in each class serving for a term expiring at the third annual meeting of stockholders held after their election. Subject to the rights of theholders
 of  any  series  of  Preferred  Stock  to  elect  additional  directors  under  specified  circumstances,  the  terms  of  the  members  of  the  Board  ofDirectors
 shall be as follows: (i) at the annual meeting of stockholders to be held in 2012, the directors whose terms expire at that meeting or suchdirectors’
 successors shall be elected to hold office for a term expiring at the annual meeting of stockholders to be held in 2013; (ii) at the annualmeeting
 of stockholders to be held in 2013, the directors whose terms expire at that meeting or such directors’ successors shall be elected to holdoffice
 for a term expiring at the annual meeting of stockholders to be held in 2014; and (iii) at the annual meeting of stockholders to be held in 2014and at
1
each  annual  meeting  of  stockholders  thereafter,  all  directors  shall  be  elected  to  hold  office  for  a  term  expiring  at  the  next  annual  meeting  ofstockholders.
 The classification of the Board of Directors shall terminate at the annual meeting of stockholders to be held in 2014 and all directorsshall be elected in accordance w
ith clause (iii) above.Notwithstanding
 the foregoing provisions of this Article, each director shall serve until his successor is duly elected and qualified or until hisdeath,
 resignation or removal. No decrease in the number of directors constituting the Board of Directors shall shorten the term of any incumbentdirector.
3
.    Subject  to the rights of the holders of any series of Preferred Stock, the Board of Directors or any individual director may beremoved
 from office at any time (i) with cause by the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the voting power of all the then outstandingshares of voting stock of
 the Corporation, entitled to vote at an election of directors (the “Voting Stock”) or (ii) without cause by the affirmative vote ofthe holders of at least sixty-six and two-thirds percent (66-2/3%) of the voting power of the then outstanding shares of Voti
ng Stock.4
.    Subject  to the rights of the holders of any series of Preferred Stock, any vacancies on the Board of Directors resulting fromdeath,
 resignation,  disqualification,  removal  or  other  causes  and  any  newly  created  directorships  resulting  from  any  increase  in  the  number  ofdirectors,
 shall, unless the Board of Directors determines by resolution that any such vacancies or newly created directorships shall be filled by thestockhold
ers, except as otherwise provided by law, be filled only by the affirmative vote of a majority of the directors then in office, even though lessthan
 a quorum of the Board of Directors, and not by the stockholders. Any director elected in accordance with the preceding sentence shall holdoffice
 for the remainder of the full term of the director for which the vacancy was created or occurred and until such director’s successor shall havebeen elected and qualified.
5
.    In  the event that Section 2115(a) of the California Corporations Code is applicable to this corporation, then the following shallapply:
a.    
Every stockholder entitled to vote in any election of directors of this corporation may cumulate such stockholder’s votesand
 give  one  candidate  a  number  of  votes  equal  to  the  number  of  directors  to  be  elected  multiplied  by  the  number  of  votes  to  which  thestockholder’s
 shares  are  otherwise  entitled,  or  distribute  the  stockholder’s  votes  on  the  same  principle  among  as  many  candidates  as  suchstockholder thinks fit;
b
.    No  stockholder, however, may cumulate such stockholder’s votes for one or more candidates unless (i) the names ofsuch
 candidates have been properly placed in nomination, in accordance with the Bylaws of the corporation, prior to the voting, (ii) the stockholderhas
 given advance notice to the corporation of the intention to cumulative votes pursuant to the Bylaws, and (iii) the stockholder has given propernotice to the other stockholders at the meeting, prior to voting, of such stockholder’s intention to cumul
ate such stockholder’s votes; andc
.    If  any stockholder has given proper notice, all stockholders may cumulate their votes for any candidates who havebeen
 properly placed in nomination. The candidates receiving the highest number of votes of the shares entitled to be voted for them up to thenumber of directors to be elected by such shares shall be declare
d elected.B
.    1.    Subject to paragraph (h) of Section 43 of the Bylaws, the Bylaws may be altered or amended or new Bylaws adopted by theaffirmative
 vote of at least sixty-six and two-thirds percent (66-2/3%) of the voting power of all of the then-outstanding shares of voting stock of theCorporation
 entitled to vote at an election of directors (the “Voting Stock”). The Board of Directors shall also have the power to adopt, amend, orrepeal Bylaws.
2.    
The directors of the Corporation need not be elected by written ballot unless the Bylaws so provide.3.    
No action shall be taken by the stockholders of the Corporation except at an annual or special meeting of stockholders called inaccordance with the Bylaws and follo
wing the closing of the Initial Public Offering no action shall be taken by the stockholders by written consent.2
4.    Advance  notice of stockholder nominations for the election of directors and of business to be brought by stockholders beforeany meeting of the stockholders of the Corporation shall be g
iven in the manner provided in the Bylaws of the Corporation.VI.
A
.    A  director of the Corporation shall not be personally liable to the Corporation or its stockholders for monetary damages for any breachof fiduciary duty as
 a director, except for liability (i) for any breach of the director’s duty of loyalty to the Corporation or its stockholders, (ii) for acts oromissions
 not in good faith or which involve intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of law, (iii) under Section 174 of the Delaware GeneralCorporation
 Law, or (iv) for any transaction from which the director derived an improper personal benefit. If the Delaware General Corporation Lawis
 amended  after  approval  by  the  stockholders  of  this  Article  to  authorize  corporate  action  further  eliminating  or  limiting  the  personal  liability  ofdirectors,
 then the liability of a director shall be eliminated or limited to the fullest extent permitted by the Delaware General Corporation Law, as soamended.
B.    
Any repeal or modification of this Article VI shall be prospectiv e and shall not affect the rights under this Article VI in effect at the time ofthe alleged occurrence of any act or omission to act giving rise to lia
bility or indemnification.VII.
A
.    The  Corporation reserves the right to amend, alter, change or repeal any provision contained in this Certificate of Incorporation, in themanner
 now or hereafter prescribed by statute, except as provided in paragraph B of this Article VII, and all rights conferred upon the stockholdersherein are granted subject to this reservation.
B
.    Notwithstanding  any other provisions of this Certificate of Incorporation or any provision of law which might otherwise permit a lesservote
 or  no  vote,  but  in  addition  to  any  affirmative  vote  of  the  holders  of  any  particular  class  or  series  of  the  Voting  Stock  required  by  law,  thisCertificate
 of Incorporation or any Preferred Stock Designation, the affirmative vote of the holders of at least sixty-six and two-thirds percent (66-2/3%)
 of the voting power of all of the then-outstanding shares of the Voting Stock, voting together as a single class, shall be required to alter,amend or repeal Articles V, VI and VII.
        Exhibit 4.7DESCRIPTION OF THE REGISTRANT’S SECURITIES
REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF THE SECURITIES
EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
NVIDIA Corporation
 (“we ,” “our,” “us,” or the “Company ”)  has one class of securities registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of1934, as amended (the “
Exchange Act ”): our common stock. DESCRIPTION OF COMMON STOCK
General
The following summary of the terms of our common stock is based upon our amended and restated certificate of incorp
oration and our amendedand restated bylaws. This summary does not purport to be complete and is subject to, and is qu
alified in its entirety by express reference to, theapplicable provisions of our restated certificate of incorp
oration and our amended and restated bylaws, which are filed as exhibits to our AnnualReport on Form 10-K, of which this Exhibit 4.7 is a part, and are incorporated by reference herei
n. We encourage you to read our restated certificateof incorporation, our amended and restated bylaws, an
d the applicable provisions of the Delaware General Corporation Law (the “DGCL ”) for more information.
Our authorized capital stock consists of 4,000,000,000 shares of common stock, $0.001 par val
ue, and 2,000,000 shares of preferred stock, $0.001par value.
Common Stock
The
 holders of common stock are entitled to one vote for each share held of record on all matters submitted to a vote of the stockholders. Theholders
 of  common  stock  are  not  entitled  to  cumulative  voting  rights  with  respect  to  the  election  of  directors,  and  as  a  consequence,  minoritystockholders
 are  not  able  to  elect  directors  on  the  basis  of  their  votes  alone.  Subject  to  preferences  that  may  be  applicable  to  any  shares  ofpreferred
 stock  currently  outstanding  or issued  in the future,  holders  of common  stock  are entitled  to receive  ratably  such dividends as may bedeclared
 by our board of directors out of funds legally available therefor. In the event of our liquidation, dissolution or winding up, holders of ourcommon
 stock are entitled to share ratably in all assets remaining after payment of liabilities and the liquidation preference of any then outstandingpreferred stock.
 Holders of common stock have no preemptive rights and no right to convert their common stock into any other securities. There areno redemption or sinking fund provisions a
pplicable to the common stock.Anti-Takeover Effects of Provisions of Delaware Law and Our Charter Documents
Certificate of Incorporation
Stockholders have no cumulative voting rig
hts.Our certificate of incorporation also requires that any action required or permitted to be taken by our stockho
lders must be effected at a duly calledannual or special meeting of the stockhold
ers and may not be effected by a consent in writing and that the stockholders may amend our bylaws oradopt new bylaws only by the affirmative vote of 66 2/3% of the outstanding voti
ng securities. A special meeting of the stockholders may be calledby our Chairman, our Chief Executive Officer or a resolution adopted by a majority of the total number of authoriz
ed directors. These provisions mayhave the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a chang
e in control.The lack of cumulative voting could make it more difficult for our existing stockhold
ers to replace our board of directors as well as for another party toobtain control of us by replacing our board of directors. Since our bo
ard of directors has the power to retain and discharge our officers, theseprovisions could also make it more difficult for existing stockhold
ers or another party to effect a change in management.3These and other provisions may have the effect of deterring hostile takeovers or delaying changes in control or management. These provisions areintended to enhance the likel
ihood of continued stability in the composition of our board of directors and in the policies of our board of directors andto discourage certain types of transactions that may involve an actual or threatene
d change in control. These provisions are designed to reduce ourvulnerability to an unsolicited ac
quisition proposal. The provisions also are intended to discourage certain tactics that may be used in proxy rights.However, such provisions could have the effect of discoura
ging others from making tender offers for our shares and, as a consequence, suchprovisions also may inhibit fluctuations i
n the market price of our shares that could result from actual or rumored takeover attempts. Such provisionsalso may have the effect of preventing changes in our manageme
nt.Section 203 of the DGCL
We
 are subject to Section 203 of the DGCL, which, subject to certain exceptions, prohibits a Delaware corporation from engaging in a “businesscombination”
 with  any  “interested  stockholder”  for  a  period  of  three  years  following  the  time  that  such  stockholder  became  an  “interestedstockholder,” unless:
•
prior to such time, the board of directors of the corporation approved either the business combination or the transaction that resulted in thestockholder becoming
 an interested holder;•
upon consummation of the transaction that resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder, the interested stockholderowned at least 85% of the voting stock of the corporation outstanding at the time the transaction commenc
ed, excluding for purposes ofdetermining the number of shares outstanding those shares o
wned (a) by persons who are directors and also officers and (b) by employeestock plans in which employee particip
ants do not have the right to determine confidentially whether shares held subject to the plan will betendered in a tender or exchange offer; or
•
at or subsequent to such time, the business combination is approved by the board of directors and authorized at an annual or specialmeeting of stockholders, and not by written consent, by the affirmative vote of at least 66 2/3% of the outstanding voting stock whic
h is notowned by the interested stockholder.
In general, Section 203 of the DGCL defines “busin
ess combination” to include the following:•
any merger or consolidation involving the corporation and the interested stockholder;•
any sale, transfer, pledge or other disposition of 10% or more of the assets of the corporation involving the interested stockholder;•
subject to certain exceptions, any transaction that results in the issuance or transfer by the corporation of any stock of the corporation to theinterested stockholder;
•
any transaction involving the corporation that has the effect of increasing the proportionate share of the stock or any class or series of thecorporation beneficially own
ed by the interested stockholder; or•
the receipt by the interested stockholder of the benefit of any loans, advances, guarantees, pledges or other financial benefits provided by orthrough the corporation.
In
 general, Section 203 of the DGCL defines “interested stockholder” as an entity or person beneficially owning 15% or more of the outstandingvoting stock of the corporation and any entity or person affiliated with or controll
ing or controlled by such entity or person.Certain TransactionsOur bylaws provide that we indemnify our directors and executive officers to the fullest extent permitted by the DGCL a
nd any other applicable law.We are also empowered under our bylaws to indemn
ify other officers, employees and other agents as set forth in the DGCL or any other applicablelaw and to enter into indemnification contracts with our directors an
d executive officers and to purchase insurance on behalf of any person whom weare required or permitted to indemnify.
In addition, our certificate of incorporation provides that the liab
ility of our directors for monetary damages shall be eliminated to the fullest extentpermissible under Delaware la
w. Pursuant to Delaware law, our directors shall not be liable for monetary damages for breach of the directors’fiduciary duty of care to us and our stockholders. However, this provision does n
ot eliminate the duty of care, and in appropriate circumstances,equitable remedies such as inju
nctive or other forms of non-monetary relief that will remain available under Delaware law. In addition, each directorwill continue to be subject to liabi
lity for (1) breach of the director’s duty of loyalty to us or our stockholders, (2) acts or omissions not in good faith orwhich involve intentiona
l misconduct or a knowing violation of law, (3) violating Section 174 of the DGCL, or (4) any transaction from which thedirector derived an improper personal benefit. The provis
ion also does not affect a director’s responsibilities under any other law, such as the federalsecurities laws or state or federal environmental laws.
Transfer Agent and Registrar
Computershare
 is the transfer agent and registrar for our common stock. Computershare’s address is 150 Royall Street, Canton, Massachusetts02021.
Listing
Our common stock is listed on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol “NVDA”.
NVIDIA CorporationGlobal Restricted Stock Unit Grant
 Notice Amended & Restated
 2007 Equity Incentive PlanNVIDIA
 Corporation (the “Company ”),  pursuant to its Amended & Restated 2007 Equity Incentive Plan (the “Plan ”),  hereby awards to Participant aRestricted
 Stock Unit Award for the number of restricted stock units (the “Restricted  Stock Units”)  set forth below (the “Award ”). The Award issubject
 to all of the terms and conditions as set forth in this Grant Notice, in the attached Global Restricted Stock Unit Agreement, including anyadditional
 terms and conditions for Participant’s country set forth in any appendix thereto (the “Appendix ”),  and in the Plan, the latter two beingincorporated
 by  reference  herein.  Capitalized  terms  not  otherwise  defined  in  this  Grant  Notice  or  the  Global  Restricted  Stock  Unit  Agreement(including
 the Appendix) (collectively, the “Agreement ”)  will have the meanings set forth in the Plan. In  the event of any conflict between the termsin this Agreement and the Plan, the terms of the Plan will control.
Participant:
Date of Grant:
Vesting Commencement Date:
Number of Restricted Stock Units/Shares Subject to Award:
Vesting Schedule
:      This Award will vest as to __________, subject to Participant’s Continuous Service through such vesting date(s). However, this
 Award will become fully vested prior to such date(s) on the date of Participant’s “separation from service” (as definedunder
 Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(h), without regard to any alternative definitions therein, a “Separation  fromService
”)  by reason of death. If  the Award is not vested as of Participant’s termination of Continuous Service for any otherreason,
 it will immediately expire. Each installment of Restricted Stock Units that vests hereunder is a “separate payment”for purposes of Treasury Regulations Section 1.409
A-2(b)(2).Issuance
 Schedule:    Except  as provided in Section 6 of the Agreement, the Company will issue and deliver one (1) share of Common Stock foreach
 Restricted  Stock  Unit  that  has  vested  under  this  Award  on  the  date  of  vesting,  but  in  all  cases  within  the  periodnecessary for compliance with Treasury Regulatio
n Section 1.409A-1(b)(4).Additional
 Terms/Acknowledgements: Participant acknowledges receipt of, and understands and agrees to, all of the terms and conditions setforth
 in the Agreement and the Plan. Participant  acknowledges and agrees that the Agreement may not be modified, amended or revised except asprovided
 in  the  Plan  or  the  Agreement.  Participant  further  acknowledges  that  as  of  the  Date  of  Grant,  the  Agreement  sets  forth  the  entireunderstanding
 between Participant and the Company regarding this Award, and supersedes all prior oral and written agreements on that subjectwith
 the exception, if applicable, of: (i) the current written employment agreement entered into between the Service Recipient (as defined in Section9
 of the Global Restricted Stock Unit Agreement) and Participant expressly specifying the terms that should govern this Award; (ii) the Company’sinsider
 trading policy; and (iii) any compensation recovery policy that is adopted by the Company or one of its Affiliates or is otherwise required byapplicable
 law. Notwithstanding  the  foregoing,  Participant  acknowledges  that  any  change  in  control  plan  that  may  have  been  maintained  byMellanox
 Technologies, Ltd. ("Mellanox ")  or any of its subsidiaries and/or any change in control agreement Participant may have entered into withMellanox
 or any of its subsidiaries (including as part of any employment agreement with Mellanox or any of its subsidiaries) will not be applicable tothis Award nor to any
 other awards granted by the Company. By accepting this Award, Participant conse nts to receive Plan documents by electronicdelivery
 and  to  participate  in  the  Plan  through  an  on-line  or  electronic  system  established  and  maintained  by  the  Company  or  a  third  partydesignated by the Company.
NVIDIA CORPORATION
PARTICIPANT By:_______________________________
By:_______________________________ Signature
Signature Title:_____________________________
Title:_____________________________ Date:_____________________________
Date:_____________________________ Attachment INVIDIA Corporation
Amended & Restated 2007 
Equity Incentive PlanGlobal Restricted Stock Unit Agreement
Pursuant
 to the Global Restricted Stock Unit Grant Notice (“Grant Notice ”)  and this Global Restricted Stock UnitAgreement
 (including any additional terms and conditions for your country set forth in the appendix attached hereto (the“
Appendix”))  (collectively,  the  “Agreement ”),  NVIDIA  Corporation  (the  “Company ”)  has  awarded  you  a  RestrictedStock
 Unit Award (the “Award ”)  under its Amended & Restated 2007 Equity Incentive Plan (the “Plan ”).  This Award isgranted
 to you effective as of the date of grant set forth in the Grant Notice (the “Date  of Grant”). Capitalized terms notexplicitly defined in this Agreement will have the same meanings given to them in the Plan.
1
.    Grant of the Award. The  Award represents the right to be issued on a future date one share of CommonStock
 for each Restricted Stock Unit that vests under this Award, subject to the terms and conditions provided in thisAgreement
 and in the Plan. As  of the Date of Grant, the Company will credit to a bookkeeping account maintained bythe
 Company for your benefit (the “Account ”)  the number of Restricted Stock Units subject to the Award. Except  asotherwise
 provided in this Agreement, you will not be required to make any payment to the Company with respect toyour receipt of the Award, the vesting of the Restricted Stock Units or the delivery of the underlying Common Stock.
2
.    Vesting. Subject to the limitations contained in this Agreement, your Award will vest, if at all, in accordancewith
 the  vesting  schedule  provided  in  the  Grant  Notice,  including  any  special  acceleration  provisions,  as  applicable,contained
 in the Grant Notice. Vesting  will cease upon the termination of your Continuous Service, except if terminationis
 by reason of death, in which case vesting will accelerate as described in the Grant Notice (and subject to any otheracceleration provid
ed for in the Grant Notice or the Plan). On the termination of your Continuous Service (for any reason other
 than  death),  the  Restricted  Stock  Units  credited  to  the  Account  that  were  not  vested  on  the  date  of  suchtermination
 (and are not accelerated pursuant to any acceleration provided for in the Grant Notice or the Plan) will beforfeited
 and returned to the Company at no cost to the Company and you will have no further right, title or interest in orto
 such  Restricted  Stock  Units  or  the  underlying  shares  of  Common  Stock.  For  the  avoidance  of  doubt,  ContinuousService
 during only a period prior to a vesting date (but where Continuous Service has terminated prior to the vestingdate) does not entitle you to vest in a pro-rata portion of the Restricted Stock Units on such date.
3.    
Number of Restricted Stock Units and Shares of Common Stock.(a)
    The  number of Restricted Stock Units (and the related shares of Common Stock) subject to yourAward will be adjusted from time to time for Capitalization Adjustments, as provided in the Plan.
(b)
    Any  Restricted Stock Units, shares, cash or other property that become subject to the Award as aresult
 of  a  Capitalization  Adjustment,  if  any,  will  be  subject  to  the  same  forfeiture  restrictions,  restrictions  ontransferability, and time and manner of delivery as applicable to the other shares covered by your Award.
1.
(c)    No  fractional shares or rights for fractional shares of Common Stock will be created by this Section 3.The
 Board  will  round  down,  to  the  nearest  whole  share  or  whole  unit  of  rights,  any  fractional  shares  or  rights  forfractional shares.
4
.    Compliance with Law. You will not be issued any shares under your Award unless either (a) the shares areregistered
 under the Securities Act; or (b) the Company has determined that such issuance would be exempt from theregistration
 requirements of the Securities Act. Your Award also must comply with other applicable laws and regulationsgoverning the Award, inc
luding any U.S. and non-U.S. state, federal and local laws, and you will not receive such sharesif the Company determines that such receipt would not be in material compliance with such laws and regulations.
5
.    Limitations on Transfer. Your  Award  is  not  transferable,  except  by  will  or  by  the  laws  of  descent  anddistribution. 
In  addition to any other limitation on transfer created by applicable securities or other laws, you agree not toassign,
 hypothecate,  donate,  encumber  or  otherwise  dispose  of  any  interest  in  any  of  the  shares  of  Common  Stocksubject to the Award until the shares are issued to you. 
After the shares have been issued to you, you are free to assign, hypothecate,
 donate, encumber or otherwise dispose of any interest in such shares provided that any such actions arein
 compliance with the provisions in this Agreement and applicable securities or other laws. If  permitted by the Boardand
 valid  under  applicable  law,  you  may,  by  delivering  written  notice  to  the  Company,  in  a  form  satisfactory  to  theCompany,
 designate a third party who, in the event of your death, will thereafter be entitled to receive any distribution ofCommon Stock to which you were entitled at the time of your death pursuant to this Agreement.
6.    
Date of Issuance.(a)
    The  issuance  of  shares  of  Common  Stock  in  respect  of  the  Restricted  Stock  Units  is  intended  tocomply
 with Treasury Regulations Section 1.409A-1(b)(4) and will be construed and administered in such a manner tothe extent applicable.
(b)
    Subject  to the satisfaction of any withholding obligation for Tax-Related Items (as defined in Section10
 of this Agreement), in the event one or more Restricted Stock Units vests, the Company will issue to you, on theapplicable vesting date, one share of Common Stock for each Restricted Stock Unit that vests and such issuance date is
referred
 to as the “Original  Issuance Date.”  If the Original Issuance Date falls on a date that is not a business day,delivery will instead occur on the next following business day.
(c)
    However, if  (i)  the  Original  Issuance  Date  does  not  occur  (1)  during  an  “open  window  period”applicable
 to you, as determined by the Company in accordance with the Company’s then-effective policy on trading inCompany
 securities,  or  (2)  on  a  date  when  you  are  otherwise  permitted  to  sell  shares  of  Common  Stock  on  anestablished
 stock  exchange  or  stock  market  (including  but  not  limited  to  under  a  previously  established  Company-approved
 10b5-1 trading plan), and  (ii) the Company elects, prior to the Original Issuance Date, (1) not to satisfy anywithholding
 obligations for Tax-Related Items (as  defined in Section 10 below) by withholding shares of Common Stockfrom
 the shares otherwise due, on the Original Issuance Date, to you under this Award, (2) not to permit you to enterinto
 a  “same  day  sale”  commitment  with  a  broker-dealer  pursuant  to  this  Agreement  (including  but  not  limited  to  acommitment
 under a previously established Company-approved 10b5-1 trading plan) and (3) not to permit you to coverany withholding obligations for Tax-Related Items (as defined in
2.
Section 10 below) in cash, then  the shares that would otherwise be issued to you on the Original Issuance Date will notbe
 delivered on such Original Issuance Date and will instead be delivered on the first business day when you are notprohibited
 from selling shares of the Company’s Common Stock in the open public market, but in no event later thanDecember
 31 of the calendar year in which the Original Issuance Date occurs (that is, the last day of your taxable yearin
 which  the  Original  Issuance  Date  occurs),  or,  if  and  only  if  permitted  in  a  manner  that  complies  with  TreasuryRegulations
 Section 1.409A-1(b)(4), no later than the date that is the 15th day of the third calendar month of the yearfollowing
 the year in which the shares of Common Stock under this Award are no longer subject to a “substantial risk offorfeiture”
 within  the  meaning  of  Treasury  Regulations  Section  1.409A-1(d).  The  form  of  such  delivery  of  the  shares(
e.g., a stock certificate or electronic entry evidencing such shares) shall be determined by the Company.7.    
Dividends. You will  receive no benefit or adjustment to your Award and any unissued shares thereunder withrespect
 to any cash dividend, stock dividend or other distribution that does not result from a Capitalization Adjustment.Following
 the date of vesting, in the event of any cash dividend, stock dividend or other distribution that does not resultfrom a Capitalization Adjustment, no cash, stock or other property related to such dividend or distribution will be issuable
in respect of your vested Restricted Stock Units.
8
.    Restrictive Legends. The  shares  of  Common  Stock  issued  under  your  Award  will  be  endorsed  withappropriate legends if determined by the Company that legends are required under applicable law or otherwise.
9.    
Award not a Service Contract.(a)
    Your  Continuous Service with the Company or, if different, the Affiliate that employs you or for whichyou
 otherwise render services (the "Service Recipient ")  is not for any specified term and, if permitted under applicablelaw, may
 be terminated by you or by the Service Recipient at any time, for any reason, with or without cause and with orwithout
 notice.  Nothing  in  this  Agreement  (including,  but  not  limited  to,  the  vesting  of  your  Award  pursuant  to  theschedule
 set forth in the Grant Notice or the issuance of the shares subject to your Award), the Plan or any covenant ofgood
 faith and fair dealing that may be found implicit in this Agreement or the Plan will: (i) confer upon you any right tocontinue
 in the employ of, or continue an affiliation or other service relationship with the Service Recipient; (ii) constituteany
 promise or commitment by the Company, the Service Recipient or any other Affiliate regarding the fact or nature offuture
 positions,  future  work  assignments,  future  compensation  or  any  other  term  or  condition  of  employment  oraffiliation;
 (iii) confer any right or benefit under this Agreement or the Plan unless such right or benefit has specificallyaccrued
 under the terms of this Agreement or Plan; or (iv) deprive the Service Recipient of the right to terminate you atany
 time and without regard to any future vesting opportunity that you may have. The  grant of the Award shall not beinterpreted as forming or amending an employment or service contract with the Company or the Service Recipient.
(b)    
By accepting this Award, you acknowledge and agree that the right to continue vesting in the Award is earned
 only  through  Continuous  Service  (not  through  the  act  of  being  hired,  being  granted  this  Award  or  any  otheraward or benefit) and that the Company has the right to reorganize, sell, spin-out or otherwise restructure one or more of
its
 businesses or Affiliates at any time or from time to time, as it deems appropriate (a “reorganization ”).  You furtheracknowledge and agree that such a reorganization could result in the termination of your Continuous Service, or the
3.
termination of Affiliate status of the Service Recipient and the loss of benefits available to you under this Agreement,including
 but not limited to, the termination of the right to continue vesting in the Award. You further acknowledge andagree
 that this Agreement, the Plan, the transactions contemplated hereunder and the vesting schedule set forth in thisAgreement
 or any covenant of good faith and fair dealing that may be found implicit in any of them do not constitute anexpress
 or implied promise of continued engagement as an Employee or Consultant for the term of this Agreement, forany period, or at all,
 and will not interfere in any way with your right or the right of the Service Recipient to terminate yourContinuous
 Service at any time, with or without cause and, if permitted under applicable law, with or without notice, andwill not interfere in any way with the Company’s right to conduct a reorganization.
10.    
Responsibility for Taxes.(a)
    Y ou acknowledge that, regardless of any action the Company or the Service Recipient takes withrespect
 to any or all income tax, social insurance, payroll tax, fringe benefit tax, payment on account or other tax relateditems
 related to your participation in the Plan and legally applicable to you or deemed by the Company or the ServiceRecipient,
 in its discretion, to be an appropriate charge to you even if legally applicable to the Company or the ServiceRecipient
 (“Tax-Related  Items”),  the ultimate liability for all Tax-Related Items is and remains your responsibility andmay exceed the amount actually withheld by the Company or the Service Recipient, if any. 
You further acknowledge that the
 Company and/or the Service Recipient (i) make no representations or undertakings regarding the treatment of anyTax-Related
 Items in connection with any aspect of your Restricted Stock Units or the underlying shares of CommonStock,
 including, but not limited to, the grant of the Restricted Stock Units, the vesting and settlement of the RestrictedStock
 Units, the delivery or sale of any shares of Common Stock and the issuance of any dividends, and (ii) do notcommit
 to  and  are  under  no  obligation  to  structure  the  terms  of  the  grant  or  any  aspect  of  your  Award  to  reduce  oreliminate
 your liability for Tax-Related Items or achieve any particular tax result. You  acknowledge and agree that youwill
 not make any claim against the Company, or any of its Officers, Directors, Employees or Affiliates (including theService
 Recipient) for Tax-Related Items arising from your Award. Further,  if you are subject to Tax-Related Items inmore
 than  one  jurisdiction,  you  acknowledge  that  the  Company  and/or  the  Service  Recipient  may  be  required  towithhold or account for Tax-Related Items in more than one jurisdiction.
(b)
    In  connection with the relevant taxable or tax withholding event, as applicable, you agree to makeadequate
 arrangements satisfactorily to the Company, and/or the Service Recipient to satisfy all Tax-Related Items. Inthis
 regard, you authorize the Company and/or the Service Recipient, or their respective agents, at their discretion, tosatisfy
 their withholding obligations or rights, if any, with regard to all Tax-Related Items by one or a combination of thefollowing:
 (i) withholding from your wages or any other cash compensation otherwise payable to you; (ii) causing you totender
 a cash payment or requiring you to make a payment in another form acceptable to the Company; (iii) permittingor
 requiring  you  to  enter  into  a  “same  day  sale”  commitment  with  a  broker-dealer  that  is  a  member  of  the  FinancialIndustry Regulatory Authority
 (a “FINRA Dealer ”)  (if required, pursuant to this authorization and without further consent)whereby
 you irrevocably elect to sell a portion of the shares to be delivered upon settlement of your Restricted StockUnits
 to  satisfy  the  Tax-Related  Items  and  whereby  the  FINRA  Dealer  irrevocably  commits  to  forward  the  proceedsnecessary
 to  satisfy  the  withholding  obligation  for  Tax-Related  Items  directly  to  the  Company  and/or  the  ServiceRecipient,
 including  a  commitment  pursuant  to  a  previously  established  Company-approved  10b5-1  plan;  (iv)withholding shares of Common Stock from the shares of
4.
Common Stock issued or otherwise issuable to you upon settlement of the Award with a value equal to the amount ofsuch
 withholding  obligation  for  Tax-Related  Items  or  such  other  amount  as  may  be  permitted  while  still  avoidingclassification
 of the Award as a liability for financial accounting purposes; provided,  however that  if you are an Officer,then
 the  Company  will  withhold  a  number  of  shares  of  Common  Stock  upon  the  relevant  taxable  or  tax  withholdingevent,
 as applicable, unless the use of such withholding method is not feasible under applicable law or has materiallyadverse
 accounting consequences, as determined by the Board, in its sole discretion, in which case, any withholdingobligation for
 Tax-Related Items may be satisfied by one or a combination of methods (i)-(iii) above; and/or (v) any othermethod
 of  withholding  determined  by  the  Company,  provided  such  method  is  compliant  with  applicable  law  and  thePlan.
(c)
    The  Company  and/or  the  Service  Recipient  may  withhold  or  account  for  Tax-Related  Items  byconsidering
 statutory or  other withholding rates, including maximum rates applicable in your jurisdiction(s). In the eventof
 over-withholding, you may receive a refund of any over-withheld amount in cash from the Company or the ServiceRecipient (with no entitlement to the Common Stock equivalent), or if not refunded, you may seek a refund from the local
tax
 authorities.  In  the  event  of  under-withholding,  you  may  be  required  to  pay  any  Tax-Related  Items  directly  to  theapplicable tax authority or to the Company and/or the Service Recipient. Maximum tax rates are based
 on the applicablerates
 in  your  country,  including  your  share  of  payroll  or  similar  taxes,  as  provided  in  tax  law,  regulations,  or  the  taxauthority’s
 administrative  practices,  not  to  exceed  the  highest  rate  in  that  jurisdiction,  even  if  that  rate  exceeds  thehighest
 rate that may be applicable to you. If  any withholding obligation for Tax-Related Items is satisfied by withholdinga
 number of shares of Common Stock, for tax purposes, you will be deemed to have been issued the full number ofshares
 of Common Stock subject to the vested Restricted Stock Units, notwithstanding that a number of the shares ofCommon Stock is held back solely for the purpose of paying the Tax-Related Items.
(d)
    Unless  any  withholding  obligation  for  Tax-Related  Items  is  satisfied,  the  Company  will  have  noobligation to deliver to you any shares of Common Stock or other consideration pursuant to this Award.
(e)
    In  the event any obligation to withhold arises prior to the delivery to you of shares of Common Stockor it is determined after the delivery of shares of Common Stock to you
 that the amount of the withholding obligation wasgreater
 than  the  amount  withheld,  if  anything,  you  agree  to  indemnify  and  hold  the  Company  and/or  the  ServiceRecipient harmless from any failure by the Company and/or the Service Recipient to withhold the proper amount.
11.    
Nature of Grant. In accepting your Award, you acknowledge, understand and agree that:(a)
    the  Plan  is  established  voluntarily  by  the  Company,  it  is  discretionary  in  nature  and  it  may  bemodified, amended, suspended or terminated by the Company at any time, to the extent permitted by the Plan;
(b) 
   the Award  is exceptional, voluntary and occasional and does not create any contractual or other rightto
 receive future Awards (whether on the same or different terms), or benefits in lieu of an Award, even if an Award hasbeen granted in the past;
5.
(c)    all decisions with respect to future Awards, if any, will be at the sole discretion of the Company; (d)
    the  Award is granted as an incentive for future services and in no event should be considered ascompensation for, or relating in any way to, past services for the Company
,  the Service Recipient or any other Affiliate;(e)    
you are voluntarily participating in the Plan; (f)
    the  Award and the shares of Common Stock subject to the Award, and the income from and value ofsame, are an extraordin
ary item which, if the Service Recipient is not the Company, does not constitute compensation ofany
 kind for services of any kind rendered to the Service Recipient, and is outside the scope of your employment orother service contract, if any;
(g) 
   the  Award and the shares of Common Stock subject to the Award, and the income from and value ofsame, are not intended to replace any pension rights or compensation;
(h) 
   the  Award and the shares of Common Stock subject to the Award, and the income from and value ofsame,
 are not part of normal or expected compensation for purposes of, without limitation, calculating any severance,resignation,
 termination,  redundancy,  dismissal,  end-of-service  payments,  bonuses,  long-service  awards,  holidayallowance,
 pension or retirement or welfare benefits or similar payments under any employee benefit plan sponsored bythe
 Company or any Affiliate, except as such plan otherwise expressly provides (and the Company expressly reservesits rights to amend, modify, or terminate any of the Company’s or any Affiliate’s employee benefit plans);
(i)
    the  future value of the underlying shares of Common Stock is unknown, indeterminable, and cannotbe predicted with certainty;
(j)
    no  claim or entitlement to compensation or damages shall arise from forfeiture of the Award resultingfrom
 the termination of your Continuous Service (for any reason except for your death and whether or not later found tobe invalid
 or in breach of employment laws in the jurisdiction where you are employed or rendering services or the termsof your employment agreement, if any);
(k)
    unless  otherwise provided herein, in the Plan or by the Company in its discretion, the Award and thebenefits
 evidenced by this Agreement do not create any entitlement to have the Award or any such benefits transferredto,
 or  assumed  by,  another  company  nor  to  be  exchanged,  cashed  out  or  substituted  for,  in  connection  with  anycorporate transaction affecting the shares of Common Stock;
(l)
    unless  otherwise agreed with the Company in writing, the Award and the shares of Common Stocksubject
 to the Award, and the income from and value of same, are not granted as consideration for, or in connectionwith, the service you may provide as a director of an Affiliate; and
(m)    
if you are in Continuous Service outside the United States: i.
    the Award and the shares of Common Stock subject to the Award, and the income from andvalue of same, are not part of normal or expected compensation for any purpose; and
6.
ii.     neither  the  Company,  the  Service  Recipient  nor  any  other  Affiliate  shall  be  liable  for  anyforeign
 exchange rate fluctuation between your local currency and the United States Dollar that may affect the value ofthe
 Award or of any amounts due to you pursuant to the vesting of the Award or the subsequent sale of any shares ofCommon Stock acquired upon settlement.
12.
    No Advice Regarding Grant. The  Company is not providing any tax, legal or financial advice, nor is theCompany
 making  any  recommendations  regarding  your  participation  in  the  Plan,  or  your  acquisition  or  sale  of  theunderlying
 shares  of Common  Stock. You  should  consult  with  your  own  personal  tax,  financial  and/or  legal  advisorsregarding
 your  participation  in  the  Plan,  and  by  accepting  this  Award,  you  have  agreed  that  you  have  done  so  orknowingly and voluntarily declined to do so.
13.
    Unsecured Obligation. Your Award is unfunded, and as a holder of an Award, you will be considered anunsecured
 creditor of the Company with respect to the Company’s obligation, if any, to issue shares pursuant to thisAgreement upon vesting of the Award. 
You will not  have voting or any other rights as a stockholder of the Company withrespect to
 the shares to be issued pursuant to this Agreement until such shares are issued to you. Upon such issuance, you will obtain
 full voting and other rights as a stockholder of the Company. Nothing contained in this Agreement, and no action
 taken pursuant to its provisions, will create or be construed to create a trust of any kind or a fiduciary relationshipbetween you and the Company or any other person.
14.
    Other Documents. You  hereby  acknowledge  receipt  or  the  right  to  receive  a  document  providing  theinformation
 required by Rule 428(b)(1) promulgated under the Securities Act, which includes the Plan prospectus. In addition,
 you  acknowledge  receipt  of  the  Company’s  policy  permitting  certain  individuals  to  sell  shares  only  duringcertain
 “window” periods and the Company’s insider trading policy, in effect from time to time and understand that thispolicy applies to shares received under this Award.
15.
    Notices; Electronic Delivery/Acceptance. Any notices provided for in your Award or the Plan will be givenin
 writing and will be deemed effectively given upon receipt or, in the case of notices delivered by the Company to you,five
 (5) days after deposit in the United States mail, postage prepaid, addressed to you at the last address you providedto
 the  Company. Notwithstanding  the  foregoing,  the  Company  may,  in  its  sole  discretion,  decide  to  deliver  anydocuments
 and  transmit  or  require  you  to  transmit  notices  related  to  participation  in  the  Plan  and  this  Award  byelectronic
 means. You  hereby consent to receive such documents and notices, and to give such notices, by electronicdelivery
 and  to  participate  in  the  Plan  through  the  on-line  or  electronic  system  established  and  maintained  by  theCompany or a third party designated by the Company from time to time.
16.
    Governing Plan Document/Recoupment. Your  Award  is  subject  to  all  the  provisions  of  the  Plan,  theprovisions
 of which are hereby made a part of your Award, and is further subject to all interpretations, amendments,rules
 and regulations which may from time to time be promulgated and adopted pursuant to the Plan. In  addition, thisAward
 (and any shares issued under this Award) is subject to recoupment in accordance with the Dodd–Frank WallStreet Reform and Consumer Protec
tion Act and any implementing regulations thereunder, any clawback policy adoptedby the Company and any compensation recovery policy otherwise required by applicable law.
17.
    Language. You  acknowledge that you are sufficiently proficient in the English language, or have consultedwith an advisor who is sufficiently proficient in
7.
English, so as to allow you to understand the terms and conditions of this Agreement. Further,  if you have received thisAgreement
 or any other document related to the Plan translated into a language other than English and if the meaningof the translated version is different than the English version, the English version will control.
18.
    Insider Trading Restrictions/Market Abuse Laws. You  may  be  subject  to  insider  trading  restrictionsand/or
 market abuse laws based on the exchange on which the shares of Common Stock are listed and in applicablejurisdictions,
 including the United States and your country or your broker’s country, if different, which may affect yourability to
 accept, acquire, sell or otherwise dispose of shares of Common Stock, rights to shares of Common Stock (e.g.,Restricted Stock Units) or rights linked to the value of shares of Common Stock during such times as you are considered
to
 have “inside information” regarding the Company (as defined by the laws in applicable jurisdictions). Local  insidertrading
 laws and regulations may prohibit the cancellation or amendment of orders you placed before you possessedinside
 information. Furthermore,  you  could  be  prohibited  from  (i)  disclosing  the  inside  information  to  any  third  party,which
 may include fellow employees and (ii) “tipping” third parties or causing them otherwise to buy or sell securities.Any
 restrictions  under  these  laws  or  regulations  are  separate  from  and  in  addition  to  any  restrictions  that  may  beimposed
 under any applicable insider trading policy of the Company. You  acknowledge that it is your responsibility tocomply with any applicable restrictions and you should speak with your personal legal advisor on this matter.
19.
    Foreign Assets/Account and Tax Reporting, Exchange Controls. Your country may have certain foreignasset,
 account and/or tax reporting requirements and exchange controls which may affect your ability to acquire or holdshares
 of Common Stock under the Plan or cash received from participating in the Plan (including from any dividendsreceived
 or sale proceeds arising from the sale of shares of Common Stock) in a brokerage or bank account outsideyour
 country. You  understand that you may be required to report such accounts, assets or transactions to the tax orother
 authorities in your country. You  also may be required to repatriate sale proceeds or other funds received as aresult
 of participation in the Plan to your country through a designated bank or broker and/or within a certain time afterreceipt. 
In  addition,  you  may  be  subject  to  tax  payment  and/or  reporting  obligations  in  connection  with  any  incomerealized under
 the Plan and/or from the sale of shares of Common Stock. You acknowledge that you  are responsible forcomplying
 with all such requirements, and that you should consult personal legal and tax advisors, as applicable, toensure compliance.
20.
    Appendix. Notwithstanding  any provisions in this Agreement, your Award shall be subject to the additionalterms
 and  conditions  for  your  country  set  forth  in  the  Appendix  attached  hereto  as Attachment  II. Moreover,  if  yourelocate to
 one of the countries included therein, the terms and conditions for such country will apply to you to the extentthe
 Company  determines  that  the  application  of  such  terms  and  conditions  is  necessary  or  advisable  for  legal  oradministrative reasons. 
The Appendix constitutes part of this Agreement. 21.    
Imposition of Other Requirements. The Company reserves the right to impose other requirements on your participation
 in the Plan, on the Award and on any shares of Common Stock acquired under the Plan, to the extent theCompany determines it is necessary or advisable for legal or administrative reasons.
22.
    Severability. If  all  or  any  part  of  this  Agreement  or  the  Plan  is  declared  by  any  court  or  governmentalauthority to be unlawful or invalid, such unlawfulness or
8.
invalidity will not invalidate any portion of this Agreement or the Plan not declared to be unlawful or invalid. Any Sectionof
 this Agreement (or part of such a Section) so declared to be unlawful or invalid will, if possible, be construed in amanner
 which  will  give  effect  to  the  terms  of  such  Section  or  part  of  a  Section  to  the  fullest  extent  possible  whileremaining lawful and valid.
23.
      Governing  Law/Venue. The  interpretation,  performance  and  enforcement  of  this  Agreement  will  begoverned
 by  the  law  of  the  state  of  Delaware  without  regard  to  such  state’s  conflicts  of  laws  rules.  For  purposes  oflitigating
 any dispute that arises directly or indirectly from the relationship of the parties evidenced by this grant or theAgreement,
 the parties hereby submit to and consent to the exclusive jurisdiction of the State of California and agreethat
 such litigation shall be conducted only in the courts of Santa Clara County, California, or the federal courts for theUnited
 States  for  the  Northern  District  of  California,  and  no  other  courts,  where  this  grant  is  made  and/or  to  beperformed.
24.    
Miscellaneous.(a)
    The  rights and obligations of the Company under your Award will be transferable to any one or morepersons
 or entities, and all covenants and agreements hereunder will inure to the benefit of, and be enforceable by theCompany’s
 successors and assigns. Your rights  and obligations under your Award may only be assigned with the priorwritten consent of the Company.
(b)
    You  agree upon request to execute any further documents or instruments necessary or desirable inthe sole determination of the Company to carry out the purposes or intent of your Award.
(c)
      You  acknowledge  and  agree  that  you  have  reviewed  your  Award  in  its  entirety,  have  had  anopportunity
 to  obtain  the  advice  of  counsel  prior  to  executing  and  accepting  your  Award,  and  fully  understand  allprovisions of your Award.
(d)    
All obligations of the Company u nder the Plan and this Agreement will be binding on any successor tothe
 Company,  whether  the  existence  of  such  successor  is  the  result  of  a  direct  or  indirect  purchase,  merger,consolidation, or otherwise, of all or substantially all of the business and/or assets of the Company.
25.
    Amendment. Subject to Section 21 above, this Agreement may not be modified, amended or terminatedexcept
 by  an  instrument  in  writing,  signed  by  you  and  by  a  duly  authorized  representative  of  the  Company.Notwithstanding
 the  foregoing,  this  Agreement  may  be  amended  solely  by  the  Board  by  a  writing  which  specificallystates
 that it is amending this Agreement, so long as a copy of such amendment is delivered to you, and provided thatno
 such  amendment  adversely  affecting  your  rights  hereunder  may  be  made  without  your  written  consent.  Withoutlimiting
 the foregoing, the Board reserves the right to change, by written notice to you, the provisions of this Agreementin
 any  way  it  may  deem  necessary  or  advisable  to  carry  out  the  purpose  of  the  grant  as  a  result  of  any  change  inapplicable
 laws or regulations or any future law, regulation, ruling, or judicial decision, provided that any such changewill
 be applicable only to rights relating to that portion of the Award which is then subject to restrictions as provided inthis Agreement.
26.
    Compliance with Section 409A of the Code.      This Award is intended to comply with U.S. TreasuryRegulation
 Section 1.409A-1(b)(4) and thus to not be treated as “deferred compensation”, and will be construed andadministered in
9.
such a manner, and any ambiguous or missing terms that may otherwise be supplied from and/or defined under CodeSection
 409A in a manner that fulfills such intention hereby incorporated by reference. Each  installment of RestrictedStock
 Units that vests hereunder is intended to constitute a “separate payment” for purposes of Treasury RegulationSection 1.409A-2(b)(2). 
Notwithstanding  the foregoing, if it is determined that the Award fails to satisfy the requirementsof
 the short-term deferral rule and is otherwise not exempt from, and determined to be deferred compensation subject toCode Section
 409A, this Award shall comply with Code Section 409A to the extent necessary to avoid adverse personaltax
 consequences  and  any  ambiguities  herein  shall  be  interpreted  accordingly. If  it  is  determined  that  the  Award  isdeferred
 compensation subject to Code Section 409A and you are a “specified employee” (as determined under CodeSection
 409A)  on  your  Separation  from  Service,  then  the  issuance  of  any  shares,  cash  or  other  property  that  wouldotherwise
 be made on the date of your Separation from Service (or within the first six months thereafter as a result ofyour
 Separation from Service) will not be made on the originally scheduled date(s) and will instead be issued in a lumpsum
 on the date that is six months and one day after the date of the Separation from Service, but if and only if suchdelay
 in the issuance is necessary to avoid the imposition of taxation on you in respect of the shares, cash or propertyunder Code Section 409A.
10.
Attachment IIAppendix to
NVIDIA Corporation
Global Restricted Stock Unit Agreement
Additional Terms and Conditions For Non-U.S. Participants
Capitalized terms used
 but not defined in this Appendix have the meanings set forth in the Plan, in the Global RestrictedStock Unit Grant Notice and/or in the Global Restricted Stock Unit Agreement.
Terms and Conditions
This
 Appendix includes additional terms and conditions that govern the Restricted Stock Units granted to you under thePlan
 if you reside and/or work in one of the countries listed below. If  you are a citizen or resident (or are considered assuch
 for local law purposes) of a country other than the country in which you are currently residing and/or working, or ifyou
 relocate  to  another  country  after  the  grant  of  the  Restricted  Stock  Units,  the  Company  shall,  in  its  discretion,determine to what extent the additional terms and conditions contained herein shall be applicable to you.
Notifications
This
 Appendix may also include information regarding exchange controls and certain other issues of which you shouldbe
 aware with respect to your participation in the Plan. The information is  based on the securities, exchange control andother
 laws in effect in the respective countries as of January 2022. Such laws  are often complex and change frequently.As
 a result, the Company strongly recommends that you not rely on the information in this Appendix as the only sourceof
 information relating to the consequences of your participation in the Plan because the information may be out of dateat
 the time the Restricted Stock Units vest, shares of Common Stock are issued upon vesting, dividends are paid onshares of Common Stock acquired under the Plan, or you sell shares of Common Stock acquired under the Plan.
In
 addition, the information contained herein is general in nature and may not apply to your particular situation, and theCompany
 is  not  in  a  position  to  assure  you  of  a  particular  result. Accordingly,  you  are  advised  to  seek  appropriateprofessional advice as to how the relevant laws in your country may apply to your situation.
Finally,
 if you are a citizen or resident (or are considered as such for local law purposes) of a country other than thecountry
 in which you are currently residing and/or working, or if you relocate to another country after the grant of theRestricted Stock Units, the notifications contained herein may not be applicable to you in the same manner.
11.
DATA PRIVACY PROVISIONS FOR ALL NON-U.S. PARTICIPANTSTerms and Conditions
Data
 Privacy  Consent  For  Participants  Working  and/or  Residing  Outside  the  European  Union/EuropeanEconomic Area/Switzerland/United Kingdom
. (a)
    Data  Collection and Usage. The Company and the Service Recipient collect, process and usecertain
 personal information about you, including, but not limited to, your name, home address and telephonenumber,
 email  address,  date  of  birth,  social  insurance,  passport  or  other  identification  number,  salary,nationality, job title, any shares of Common Stock or directorships hel
d in the Company, details of all RestrictedStock
 Units  or  any  other  entitlement  to  shares  of  Common  Stock  or  equivalent  benefits  awarded,  canceled,exercised,
 vested,  unvested  or  outstanding  in  your favor  (“Data”),  for  the  purposes  of  implementing,administering
 and  managing  the  Plan. The  legal  basis,  where  required,  for  the  processing  of  Data  is  yourconsent.
(b)
    Stock  Plan Administration Service Providers. The Company transfers Data to Charles Schwab&
 Co.,  Inc.  (including  certain  of  its  affiliated  companies)  (collectively,  “Schwab”),  which  is  assisting  theCompany
 with  the  implementation,  administration  and  management  of  your  participation  in  the  Plan. The Company
 may  select  different  or  additional  service  providers  in  the  future  and  share  Data  with  such  otherprovider(s)
 serving  in  a  similar  manner. You  may  be  asked  to  agree  on  separate  terms  and  data  processingpractices with Schwab, with such agreement being a conditi
on to the ability to participate in the Plan.(c)
    International  Data Transfers. The Company and Schwab are based in the United States. Your country
 or  jurisdiction  may  have  different  data  privacy  laws  and  protections  than  the  United  States. The Company’s legal basis, where required, for the transfer of Data is your consent.
(d)
      Data  Retention. The  Company  will  hold  and  use  Data  only  as  long  as  is  necessary  toimplement,
 administer  and  manage  your  participation  in  the  Plan,  or  as  required  to  comply  with  legal  orregulatory obligations, including un
der tax, exchange control, labor and securities laws. This period may extendbeyond your period of Continuo
us Service. When the Company or the Service Recipient no longer nee d Data forany
 of the above purposes, they will cease processing it in this context and remove it from all of their systemsused for such purposes, to the fullest extent possi
ble.(e)
    Voluntariness and  Consequences of Consent Denial or Withdrawal. Participation in the Plan isvoluntary,
 and you are providing the consents herein on a purely voluntary basis. If  you do not consent, or ifyou
 later seek to revoke your consent, your salary or other cash compensation from your employment or otherservice
 with  the  Service  Recipient  will  not  be  affected;  the  only  consequence  of  refusing  or  withdrawingconsent
 is that the Company would not be able to grant the Restricted Stock Units or other equity awards toyou or administer or maintain such awards.
(f)
    Data  Subject  Rights. You  may  have  a  number  of  rights  under  data  privacy  laws  in  yourjurisdiction. 
Depending  on  where  you  are  based,  such  rights  may  include  the  right  to  (i)  request  access  orcopies of Data the Company processes, (ii) rectification of incorrect Data, (iii) deletion of Data, (iv) restrictions
12.
on  processing  of  Data,  (v)  portability  of  Data,  (vi)  lodge  complaints  with  competent  authorities  in  yourjurisdiction,
 and/or  (vii)  receive  a  list  with  the  names  and  addresses  of  any  potential  recipients  of  Data. To receive
 clarification  regarding  these  rights  or  to  exercise  these  rights,  you  can  contact  your  local  HRrepresentative.
(g)
      Additional  Acknowledgment/Consent. You  understand  that  the  Company  may  rely  on  adifferent
 basis for the processing or transfer of Data in the future and/or request that you provide another dataprivacy
 consent. If  applicable, you agree that upon request of the Company or the Service Recipient, you willprovide
 an  executed  acknowledgement  or  data  privacy  consent  form  (or  any  other  agreements  or  consents)that
 the  Company  and/or  the  Service  Recipient  may  deem  necessary  to  obtain  from  you  for  the  purpose  ofadministering your participation in the Plan in compliance wit
h the data privacy laws in your country, either nowor
 in  the  future. You  understand  and  agree  that  you  will  not  be  able  to  participate  in  the  Plan  if  you  fail  toprovide any such consent or agreement requested by the Compa
ny and/or the Service Recipient.Data
 Privacy Notification For Participants Working and/or Residing In the European Union ("EU")/EuropeanEconomic Area ("EEA")/Switzerland/United Kingdom
. The
 Company collects, processes, uses and transfers certain personally-identifiable information about you forthe
 exclusive  legitimate  purpose  of  granting  Restricted  Stock  Units  and  implementing,  administering  andmanaging your participation in the Plan. 
Specifics of the data processing are described below. (a)    
Purposes and Legal Bases of Processing . The Company processes the Personal Data (as definedbelow)
 for  the  purpose  of  performing  its  contractual  obligations  under  this  Agreement,  granting  RestrictedStock
 Units,  implementing,  administering  and  managing  your  participation  in  the  Plan  and  facilitatingcompliance
 with applicable tax, exchange control, securities and labor law. The  legal basis for the processingof
 the Personal Data (as defined below) by the Company and the third-party service providers described belowis
 the  necessity  of  the  data  processing  for  the  Company  to  perform  its  contractual  obligations  under  thisAgreement
 and  for  the  Company’s  legitimate  business  interests  of  managing  the  Plan  and  generallyadministering employee equity awards.
(b)
    Personal  Data Subject to Processing. The Company collects, processes and uses the followingtypes
 of  personal  data  about  you:  your  name,  home  address,  email  address,  date  of  birth,  social  insurance,passport
 number  or  other  identification  number,  any  shares  of  Common  Stock  or  directorships  held  in  theCompany,
 details of all Restricted Stock Units or any other entitlement to shares of Common Stock awarded,canceled,
 settled, vested, unvested or outstanding in your favor, which the Company receives from you or theService Recipient (“Personal Data”).
(c)
    Stock  Plan Administration Service Providers. The Company transfers Personal Data to CharlesSchwab
 & Co., Inc. and certain of its affiliated companies (“Schwab”), an independent stock plan administratorwith
 operations,  relevant  to  the  Company,  in  the  United  States,  which  assists  the  Company  with  theimplementation,
 administration and management of the Plan. In  the future, the Company may select differentservice providers and may share Personal Data
13.
with  such  service  providers. Schwab  will  open  an  account  for  you  to  receive  and  trade  shares  of  CommonStock. 
You  will be asked to agree on separate terms and data processing  practices with Schwab, which is acondition
 of  your  ability  to  participate  in  the  Plan. Your  Personal  Data  will  only  be  accessible  by  thoseindividuals
 requiring access to it for purposes of implementing, administering and operating your participationin
 the  Plan. You  understand  that  you  may  request  a  list  with  the  names  and  addresses  of  any  potentialrecipients of Personal Data by contacting your local human reso
urces manager.(d)
    Other  Recipients. The Company may further transfer Personal Data to other third party serviceproviders,
 if necessary to ensure compliance with applicable tax, exchange control, securities and labor law.Such
 third party service providers may include the Company’s outside legal counsel as well as the Company’sauditor. 
Wherever possible, the  Company will anonymize data, but you understand that your Personal Data mayneed to be transferred to such providers to ensure compliance with ap
plicable law and/or tax requirements.(e)
    International  Data  Transfers. The  Company  and  its  service  providers,  including,  withoutlimitation,
 Schwab,  operate,  relevant  to  the  Company,  in  the  United  States,  which  means  that  it  will  benecessary
 for  Personal  Data  to  be  transferred  to,  and  processed  in,  the  United  States. You  understand  andacknowledge
 that  the  United  States  is  not  subject  to  an  unlimited  adequacy  finding  by  the  EuropeanCommission
 and that your Personal Data may not have an equivalent level of protection as compared to yourcountry of residence.
When
 the  Company  transfers  your  Personal  Data,  it  will  ensure  that  this  transfer  complies  withapplicable
 laws and legislation. The Company has Model Clauses in place for the collection, use, and retentionof
 Personal  Data  transferred  from  the  EU,  EEA,  Switzerland  and  the  United  Kingdom  to  other  countries,  andalso
 complies  with  the  EU-U.S.  Privacy  Shield  Framework  and  Swiss-U.S  Privacy  Shield  Framework. The Company
 is  certified  to  the  EU-U.S.  and  Swiss-U.S.  Privacy  Shield  Frameworks  and  the  commitments  theyentail,
 although  the  Company  does  not  rely  on  the  EU-U.S.  Privacy  Shield  Framework  as  a  legal  basis  fortransfers of Personal Data in light of the judgment of the Co
urt of Justice of the EU in Case C-311/18.The
 Company  complies  with  the  EU-U.S.  Privacy  Shield  Framework  and  Swiss-U.S.  Privacy  ShieldFramework
 as  set  forth  by  the  U.S.  Department  of  Commerce  regarding  the  collection,  use,  and  retention  ofPersonal
 Data  transferred  from  the  EU,  EEA,  Switzerland  and  the  United  Kingdom  to  the  United  States.  TheCompany
 has certified to the Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Privacy Shield Principles. If third-party
 agents process Personal Data on the Company’s behalf in a manner inconsistent with the Principles ofeither
 Privacy Shield Framework or the Model Clauses, the Company remains liable unless it proves it is notresponsible for the event giving rise to the damage.
If
 there is any conflict between the terms in this Agreement and the Privacy Shield Principles, the PrivacyShield
 Principles  shall  govern.  To  learn  more  about  the  Privacy  Shield  program,  and  to  view  the  Company’scertification, please visit www.privacyshield.gov.
(f)
    Data Retention . The Company will use the Personal Data only as long as necessary to implement,administer
 and  manage  your  participation  in  the  Plan,  or  as  required  to  comply  with  legal  or  regulatoryobligations, including tax,
14.
exchange control, labor and securities laws. This period may extend beyond your period of C ontinuous Service.When the
 Company or the Service Recipient no longer need Data for any of the above purposes, they will ceaseprocessing it in this context and remove it from all of their systems used for such purp
oses, to the fullest extentpossible.
(g)    
Data Subject Rights . To the extent provided by law, you have the right to:i.    Request access to and obtain a copy of your Perso
nal Data;ii.    Request rectification (or correction) of Personal Data that is inaccurate;
iii.
    Request erasure (or deletion) of Personal Data that is no longer necessary to fulfill thepurposes
 for  which  it  was  collected,  or  does  not  need  to  be  retained  by  the  Company  forother legitimate purposes;
iv.    Restrict or object to the processing of your Personal Data; and
v.    If applicable, request your Personal Data be ported (transferred) to another compa
ny.Subject to
 the applicable data protection laws, application of the above rights may vary depending on thetype of data involved, and the Company’s particular basis for processi
ng the Personal Data.To
 make a request to exercise one of the above rights, you can contact your local HR representative. The Company
 will  consider  and  act  upon  any  requests  in  accordance  with  applicable  data  protection  laws. The Company may request specific information from you to enable it
 to confirm your identity and right to access, aswell as to search for and provide you with the Personal Data that it h
olds about you.(h)    
Contractual Requirement . Your provision of Personal Data and its processing as described aboveis
 a contractual requirement and a condition to your ability to participate in the Plan. You  understand that, as aconsequence
 of  you  refusing  to  provide  Personal  Data,  the  Company  may  not  be  able  to  allow  you  toparticipate
 in the Plan,  grant  Restricted  Stock  Units  to you  or administer  or maintain  such  Restricted  StockUnits. 
However,  your participation in the Plan is purely voluntary. While  you will not receive Restricted StockUnits
 if  you  decide  against  participating  in  the  Plan  or  providing  Personal  Data  as  described  above,  youremployment
 or other service and your salary or other cash compensation will not be affected in any way. For more
 information on the consequences of the refusal to provide Personal Data, you may contact your local HRrepresentative.
(i)    
How to Contact Us. For copies of additional privacy documents mentioned in this Agreement, or ifyou
 have  privacy  concerns  or  questions  related  to  this  Agreement,  you  may  contact  your  local  HRrepresentative.
15.
AUSTRALIANotifications
Securities
 Law  Information. This  offer  of  Restricted  Stock  Units  is  intended  to  comply  with  the  provisions  of  theCorporations
 Act  2001,  Australian  Securities  and  Investments  Commission  (“ASIC ”)  Regulatory  Guide  49  and  ASICClass
 Order 14/1000. Additional  details are set forth in the Offer Document for the Offer of Restricted Stock Units toAustralian-Resident Participants, which is being provided to you along with this Agreement.
Exchange
 Control Information. Exchange control reporting is required for cash transactions exceeding AUD 10,000 andinternational fund transfers. 
The  Australian bank assisting with the transaction will file the report. If there  is no Australianbank involved in the transfer, you will be required to file the report.
Tax
 Information. The Plan is a plan to which Subdivision 83A-C of the Income Tax Assessment Act 1997 (Cth) (the“
Act”) applies, subject to the conditions in the Act.BELGIUM
Notifications
Foreign
 Asset/Account  Reporting  Information. Belgian  residents  are  required  to  report  any  security  (e.g.,  shares  ofCommon Stock
 acquired under the Plan) or bank account established outside of Belgium on their annual tax return. In aseparate
 report,  Belgian  residents  are  also  required  to  provide  the  National  Bank  of  Belgium  with  certain  detailsregarding
 such foreign accounts (including the account number, bank name and country in which any such account wasopened).
 The  forms  to  complete  this  report  are  available  on  the  website  of  the  National  Bank  of  Belgium.  Belgianresidents should consult with their personal tax advisors to determine their personal reporting obligations.
Stock Exchange Tax
. A Belgian stock exchange tax may be payable when shares of Common Stock are acquired underthe
 Plan. If  applicable, you personally will be responsible for filing the stock exchange tax return and paying the stockexchange
 tax due by the end of the second (2nd) month following the month you acquire the shares of Common Stock.You should consult with your personal tax advisor regarding the application of this tax.
BRAZIL
Terms and Conditions
Nature of Grant
. This provision supplements Section 11 of the Global Restricted Stock Unit Agreement:You
 acknowledge and agree that (i) by accepting this Award, you are making an investment decision, and (ii) the valueof
 the underlying shares of Common Stock is not fixed and may increase or decrease over the vesting period, withoutcompensation to you.
16.
Further, you acknowledge and agree that, for all legal purposes, (i) any benefits provided to you under the Plan areunrelated
 to your employment or service; (ii) the Plan is not a part of the terms and conditions of your employment orservice;
 and (iii) the income from your participation in the Plan, if any, is not part of your remuneration from employmentor service.
Compliance
 with Law. By accepting this Award, you agree to comply with all applicable Brazilian laws and pay any andall
 applicable Tax-Related Items associated with the vesting or settlement of the Award, the sale of shares of CommonStock acquired under the Plan and the receipt of any dividends paid on such shares of Common Stock.
Notifications
Exchange
 Control  Reporting. Brazilian  residents  and  persons  domiciled  in  Brazil  are  required  to  submit  an  annualdeclaration
 of assets and rights held outside of Brazil to the Central Bank of Brazil if the aggregate value of such assetsand
 rights  is  equal  to  or  greater  than  US$1,000,000. Quarterly  reporting  is  required  if  such  value  exceedsUS$100,000,000. 
The assets and rights that must be reported include shares of Common Stock acquired under the Plan and may include Restricted Stock Units. 
The thresholds are subject to change annually. Tax
 on Financial Transaction (IOF). Repatriation of funds into Brazil and the conversion between Brazilian Real andUnited States Dollars associated
 with such fund transfers may be subject to the Tax on Financial Transactions. It is your responsibility
 to comply with any applicable Tax on Financial Transactions arising from your participation in the Plan.You should consult with your personal tax advisor for additional details.
CANADA
Terms and Conditions
Form of Settlement
.  Restricted Stock Units granted to individuals resident in Canada shall be paid in shares of CommonStock only. 
In  no event shall any Restricted Stock Units be paid in cash, notwithstanding any discretion contained in thePlan to the contrary.
The following provisions apply if you are a resident of Quebec:
Language Consent
. The parties acknowledge that it is their express wish that this Agreement, as well as all documents,notices
 and legal proceedings entered into, given or instituted pursuant hereto or relating directly or indirectly hereto, bedrawn up in English.
Les
 parties  reconnaissent  avoir  exigé  la  rédaction  en  anglais  de  cette  convention  (“Agreement”),  ainsi  que  de  tousdocuments
 exécutés, avis donnés et procédures judiciaires intentées, directement ou indirectement, relativement à laprésente convention.
Data
 Privacy. This provision supplements the Data Privacy Consent For Participants Working and/or Residing Outsidethe European Union/European Economic Area/Switzerland/United Kingdom provision of this Appendix:
You
 hereby  authorize  the  Company  and  the  Company’s  representatives  to  discuss  with  and  obtain  all  relevantinformation from all personnel, professional or not, involved in the
17.
administration and operation of the Plan. You  further authorize the Company, the Service Recipient and/or any otherAffiliate
 to  disclose  and  discuss  such  information  with  their  advisors. You  also  authorize  the  Company,  the  ServiceRecipient and/or any other Affiliate to record such information and to keep such information in your employee file.
Notifications
Securities
 Law Information. You are permitted to sell shares of Common Stock acquired through the Plan through thedesignated
 broker appointed by the Company provided the resale of such shares takes place outside of Canada andthrough
 the facilities of a stock exchange, which should be the case because the Common Stock is currently listed onthe Nasdaq Global Select Market.
Foreign
 Asset/Account  Reporting  Information. Specified  Foreign  property,  including  Restricted  Stock  Units,  shares  ofCommon
 Stock acquired under the Plan and other rights to receive shares (e.g., options) of a non-Canadian company,held
 by  a  Canadian  resident  must  generally  be  reported  annually  on  a  Form  T1135  (Foreign  Income  VerificationStatement)
 if the total cost of the specified foreign property exceeds C$100,000 at any time during the year. Restricted Stock
 Units must be reported – generally at a nil cost – if the C$100,000 cost threshold is exceeded because otherspecified
 foreign  property  is  held  by  you. When  shares  of  Common  Stock  are  acquired,  their  cost  generally  is  theadjusted cost base (“ACB”) of
 the shares. The ACB  would ordinarily equal the fair market value of the shares at the timeof acquisition, but if you
 own other shares of the same company, this ACB may have to be averaged with the ACB of theother shares. 
You should consult with your personal tax advisor to determine your reporting requirements. CHINA
Terms and Conditions
The
 following  provisions  apply  to  you  if  you  are  subject  to  exchange  control  regulations  in  the  People’s  Republic  ofChina
 (“China ”),  including  the  requirements  imposed  by  the  State  Administration  of  Foreign  Exchange  (“SAFE ”),  asdetermined by the Company in its sole discretion:
Settlement
 of  Award  and  Sale  of  Shares. This  provision  supplements  Section  6  of  the  Global  Restricted  Stock  UnitAgreement:
You
 will not be permitted to vest in any shares of Common Stock unless and until the necessary approvals for the Planhave
 been obtained from SAFE and remain in place, as determined by the Company in its sole discretion. Further, theCompany
 is under no obligation to issue shares of Common Stock if the Company has not or does not obtain SAFEapproval
 or if any such SAFE approval subsequently becomes invalid or ceases to be in effect by the time you vest inthe Restricted Stock Units.
To
 facilitate compliance with regulatory requirements in China, you understand and agree that any shares of CommonStock
 you acquire upon vesting of your Restricted Stock Units may be immediately sold at vesting or, at the Company’sdiscretion,
 at a later time. You  agree that the Company is authorized to instruct its designated broker to assist with thesale
 of such shares of Common Stock (on your behalf pursuant to this authorization and without further consent) andyou
 expressly  authorize  the  designated  broker  to  complete  the  sale  of  such  shares. You  acknowledge  that  thedesignated
18.
broker is under no obligation to arrange for the sale of the shares of Common Stock at any particular price. Upon  thesale
 of the shares of Common Stock, the Company agrees to pay the cash proceeds from the sale, less any brokeragefees
 or  commissions,  to  you  in  accordance  with  applicable  exchange  control  laws  and  regulations  and  provided  anywithholding obligation for Tax-Related Items resulting from your participation in the Plan has been satisfied.
If the
 Company, in its discretion, does not exercise its right to require the sale of shares of Common Stock upon vesting,as described in the preceding paragraph, and your Continuous Service terminates, you understand and agree to sell any
shares
 acquired  pursuant  to  your  Award  within  90  days  after  your  termination  date,  or  within  such  other  period  asdetermined
 by  the  Company  and  in  compliance  with  applicable  law. You  further  agree  that  if  you  do  not  sell  theseshares
 within  90  days  after  your  termination  date  (or  such  other  period  as  determined  by  the  Company  and  incompliance
 with  applicable  law),  the  Company  is  authorized  to  instruct  its  designated  broker  to  assist  with  themandatory
 sale  of  such  shares  (on  your  behalf  pursuant  to  this  authorization  and  without  further  consent)  and  youexpressly
 authorize the Company’s designated broker to complete the sale of such shares. You  acknowledge that theCompany’s
 designated broker is under no obligation to arrange for the sale of the shares at any particular price. Upon the
 sale  of  the  shares,  the  Company  agrees  to  pay  you  the  cash  proceeds  from  the  sale  of  the  shares,  less  anybrokerage fees or commissions and subject to satisfaction of any withholding obligation for Tax-Related Items.
Any
 payment of proceeds related to your Award and/or the shares of Common Stock underlying the Award will have tobe
 effectuated through a special exchange control account established by the Company or an Affiliate in China. If  thefunds
 are converted into local currency, neither the Company nor any Affiliate will bear the exchange rate risk and doesnot undertake to convert the funds at any particular time or at any particular rate.
Restriction on Transfer of Shares
.  As a condition of vesting of the Award, you acknowledge and agree that any shares ofCommon Stock that you may acquire under the Plan must be held in the account established for you under the Plan until
such
 time as you decide or are required to sell the shares. The  shares of Common Stock acquired under the Plan maynot
 be  transferred,  assigned  or  pledged  (other  than  pursuant  to  a  sale  of  such  shares  effected  through  the  Plan’sdesignated broker) to any other person, broker or other entity at any time.
Exchange
 Control Requirements. You  understand  and  agree that  you  will  not  be  permitted  to transfer  any  shares  ofCommon
 Stock acquired under the Plan out of the account established for you with the Company’s designated brokerand
 that  you  will  be  required  to  immediately  repatriate  to  China  any  cash  proceeds  from  the  sale  of  the  shares  ofCommon
 Stock  acquired  under  the  Plan  or  from  dividends  paid  on  such  shares. You  further  understand  that  suchrepatriation
 of cash proceeds will need to be effectuated through a special exchange control account established by theCompany
 or  an  Affiliate  in  China,  and  you  hereby  consent  and  agree  that  any  proceeds  from  the  sale  of  shares  ofCommon
 Stock or dividends paid on such shares may be transferred to such special account prior to being delivered toyou.
The
 proceeds  may  be  paid  to  you  in  U.S.  dollars  or  local  currency  at  the  Company’s  discretion. In  the  event  theproceeds are
 paid in U.S. dollars, you understand that you will be required to set up a U.S. dollar bank account in Chinaand
 provide  the  bank  account  details  to  the  Service  Recipient  and/or  the  Company,  so  that  the  proceeds  may  bedeposited into this account. 
If the proceeds are paid in local currency, you agree to 19.
bear any exchange rate risk between the time the shares of Common Stock are sold or dividends on such shares arepaid and the time the proceeds are distributed to you through any such special account.
You agree to comply with any oth
er requirements that may be imposed by the Company in the future in order to facilitatecompliance with exchange control requirements in China.
CZECH REPUBLIC
Notifications
Exchange
 Control Information. The Czech National Bank (“CNB ”)  may require you to fulfill certain notification duties inrelation to
 the shares of Common Stock acquired under the Plan or any dividends paid on such shares, and the openingand
 maintenance of a foreign account. However,  because exchange control regulations change frequently and withoutnotice, you
 should consult your personal legal advisor prior to vesting to ensure compliance with current regulations. It is your responsibility to comply with applicable Czech exchange control laws.
DENMARK
Terms and Conditions
Danish
 Stock  Option  Act.  By  accepting  this  Award,  provided  you  are  an  Employee,  you  acknowledge  that  you  havereceived
 the Employer Statement, translated into Danish, provided below which is being provided to comply with theDanish Stock Option Act (the "
Act ").By
 accepting  the  Award,  you  acknowledge  the  Act  has  been  amended  as  of  January  1,  2019. Accordingly,  you areadvised
 and agree that the provisions governing the Restricted Stock Units in case of your termination of ContinuousService under
 the Agreement and the Plan will apply for any grant of Restricted Stock Units made on or after January 1,2019. 
The relevant provisions are detailed in the Agreement, the Plan and the Employer Statement. Notifications
Foreign
 Asset/Account  Reporting  Information.  You  acknowledge  that  if  you  establish  an  account  holding  shares  ofCommon
 Stock  or  an  account  holding  cash  outside  Denmark,  you  must  report  the  account  to  the  Danish  TaxAdministration. The form which should be used in this respect may be obtained from a local bank.
20.
SPECIAL NOTICE FOR EMPLOYEES INDENMARK
EMPLOYER STATEMENT
Pursuant
 to  Section  3(1)  of  the  Danish  Act  on  StockOptions
 in  employment  relations,  as  amended  effectiveJanuary
 1,  2019  (the  “Stock  Option  Act”),  you  areentitled
 to  receive  the  following  information  regardingthe
 grant of Restricted Stock Units (“RSUs”) pursuant tothe
 NVIDIA  Corporation  (the  “Company”)  Amendedand
 Restated 2007 Equity Incentive Plan (the “Plan”) ina separate written statement.
This
 statement contains only the information  mentionedin
 the Stock Option Act. Additional  terms and conditionsrelated to the grant of RSUs are described in the Plan and
other
 documents,  including  the  Global  Restricted  StockUnit
 Agreement  and  any  country-specific  appendicesattached
 thereto  (the  “Agreement”),  which  have  beenmade
 available  to  you. Capitalized  terms  used  but  notdefined
 herein  shall  have  the  same  meaning  as  termsdefined in the Plan and/or the Agreement.
1.    
Date of GrantThe
 Date  of  Grant  of  your  RSUs  is  the  date  that  theBoard
 approved a grant for you and determined it wouldbe effective.
SÆRLIG MEDDELELSE TIL MEDARBEJDERE I DANMARKARBEJDSGIVERERKLÆRING
I
 henhold til § 3, stk. 1, i lov om brug af køberet eller tegningsret mv. iansættelsesforhold
 som ændret pr. 1. januar 2019 (“Aktieoptionsloven”)er
 du berettiget til i en særskilt skriftlig erklæring at modtage følgendeoplysninger
 vedrørende  tildelingen  af  Betingede  Aktier  (“RSU'er”)  ihenhold
 til  NVIDIA  Corporation's  (“Selskabets”)  "Amended  andRestated 2007 
Equity Incentive Plan" (“Planen”). Denne
 erklæring  indeholder  kun  de  oplysninger,  der  er  nævnt  iAktieoptionsloven.
 De  nærmere  vilkår  for  tildelingen  af  RSU'er  erbeskrevet
 i  Planen  samt  i  øvrige  dokumenter,  herunder  i  GlobalRestricted
 Stock Unit Agreement om tildeling af betingede aktier og dedertil
 hørende  landetillæg  (“Aftalen”),  som  er  udleveret  til  dig.Begreber,
 der  står  med  stort  begyndelsesbogstav  i  dennearbejdsgivererklæring,
 men  som  ikke  er  defineret  heri,  har  sammebetydning som de begreber, der er defineret i Planen og/eller Aftalen.
1.    
TildelingstidspunktTidspunktet
 for  tildelingen  af  RSU'erne  er  den  dag,  hvor  Bestyrelsen(defineret som 
Board  i  Planen og/eller Aftalen) har godkendt tildelingen og fastslået, at den er gyldig.
21.
2.    Rights to future RSU grants under the PlanThe
 grant of RSUs under the Plan is made at the solediscretion
 of the Board. Subject  to any limitations underthe
 Plan, the Plan may be wholly or partially amendedor
 otherwise modified, suspended or terminated at anytime
 or from time to time by the Board. Under the termsof
 the Plan, you have no entitlement or claim to receivefuture grants of RSUs.
3.    
Vesting DateThe
 RSUs will vest over a period of time, provided youremain
 in  Continuous  Service. The  exact  vestingconditions
 applicable  to  your  grant  will  be  set  forth  inyour
 Agreement.  Your  RSUs  shall  be  converted  intoshares of Common Stock upon vesting.
4.    
Exercise PriceYou
 pay  no  monetary  consideration  to  receive  theRSUs nor
 do you pay any price to receive the shares ofCommon Stock issued upon vesting.
5.    
Your rights upon termination of employmentOn
 the termination of your Continuous Service (for anyreason
 other  than  death),  the  RSUs  credited  to  theAccount that
2.    Ret til fremtidige RSU-tildelinger i henhold til PlanenTildelingen
 af  RSU'er  i  henhold  til  Planen  sker  efterBestyrelsens eget
 skøn. Bestyrelsen  kan til enhver tid ændre,modificere,
 suspendere eller ophæve Planen helt eller delvistmed
 de begrænsninger,  der fremgår  af Planen.  I henhold  tilPlanens
 bestemmelser  har  du  ikke  nogen  ret  til  eller  nogetkrav på fremover at få tildelt RSU'er.
3.    
ModningsdatoRSU'erne
 modnes over tid, forudsat, at du fortsat indgår i etLøbende
 Ansættelsesforhold  (defineret  som Continuous Service 
i  Planen  og/eller  Aftalen). De  nærmeremodningsbetingelser,
 som  gælder  for  tildelingen,  fremgår  afAftalen.
 RSU'erne  konverteres  til  Ordinære  Aktier  (defineretsom 
Common Stock  i Planen og/eller Aftalen) ved modning. 4.    
UdnyttelseskursDu
 skal ikke betale noget vederlag for RSU'erne, ligesom duikke
 skal betale noget for at modtage de Ordinære Aktier vedmodning.
5.    
Din retsstilling i forbindelse med fratrædenVed
 ophør af dit Løbende Ansættelsesforhold (uanset årsag,medmindre du afgår ved døden)
 bortfalder eventuelle RSU'er,som er krediteret
22.
were not vested on the date of such termination will beforfeited and
 returned to the Company at no cost to theCompany
 and  you  will  have  no  further  right,  title  orinterest
 in or to such RSUs or the underlying shares ofCommon Stock.
6.    
Financial aspects of participating in the PlanThe
 grant  of  RSUs  has  no  immediate  financialconsequences
 for  you. The  value  of  the  RSUs  is  nottaken
 into  account  when  calculating  any  severance,resignation,
 termination,  redundancy,  dismissal,  end-of-service
 payments,  bonuses,  long-service  awards,holiday
 allowances,  pension  or  retirement  or  welfarebenefits
 or  similar  payments  or  other  statutoryconsideration calculated on the basis of salary.
Shares
 of  Common  Stock  are  financial  instrumentsand
 investing in shares of Common Stock will alwayshave
 financial risk. The  possibility of profit at the timeyou
 sell  shares  of  Common  Stock  will  not  only  bedependent
 on  the  Company’s  financial  development,but
 also  on  the  general  development  of  the  stockmarket,
 among  other  things. The  future  value  of  theshares
 of Common Stock is unknown, indeterminableand cannot be predicted with certainty.
NVIDIA Corporation
Santa Clara, California, United States
Kontoen (defineret som Account i  Planen og/eller Aftalen), ogsom
 ikke  er  modnet  på  ophørsdatoen,  og  føres  tilbage  tilSelskabet
 uden  omkostninger  for  Selskabet,  og  du  vil  ikkelængere
 have  nogen  ret,  adkomst  eller  interesse  i  disseRSU'er eller i de bagvedliggende Ordinære Aktier.
6.     
Økonomiske aspekter ved deltagelse i PlanenTildelingen
 af  RSU'er  har  ingen  umiddelbare  økonomiskekonsekvenser
 for  dig.  Værdien  af  RSU'erne  indgår  ikke  iberegningen
 af  nogen  former  for  fratrædelsesgodtgørelse,godtgørelse
 for usaglig afskedigelse eller anden godtgørelse,bonus,
 belønning for tro tjeneste, feriepenge, pension, socialeydelser
 eller  lignende  betalinger  eller  andre  lovpligtige,vederlagsafhængige ydelser.
Ordinære
 Aktier  er  finansielle  instrumenter,  og  investering  iOrdinære
 Aktier  vil  altid  være  forbundet  med  en  økonomiskrisiko.
 Muligheden  for  en  gevinst  på  det  tidspunkt,  hvor  dusælger de Ordinære Aktier, afhænger ikke alene af udviklingen
i
 Selskabets  aktiekurs,  men  også  af  bl.a.  den  generelleudvikling
 på  aktiemarkedet.  Den  fremtidige  værdi  af  deOrdinære
 Aktier  kendes  ikke  og  kan  ikke  forudsiges  medsikkerhed.
NVIDIA Corporation
Santa Clara, California, United States
23.
FINLANDThere are no country specific provisions.
FRANCE
Terms and Conditions
Restricted
 Stock Units Not French-qualified. The Restricted Stock Units granted under this Agreement are not intendedto
 qualify for special tax and social security treatment pursuant to Sections L. 225-197-1 to L. 225-197-6 of the FrenchCommercial Code, as amended.
Language
 Consent. By  accepting  the  Award,  you  confirm  having  read  and  understood  the  Plan  and  the  Agreement,which were provided in the English language. 
You accept the terms of those documents accordingly. Consentement Relatif à la Langue Utilisée
. En acceptant cette Attribution, vous confirmez avoir lu et comprendre le Planet
 ce  Contrat  qui  ont  été  transmis  en  langue  anglaise.  Vous  acceptez  les  dispositions  de  ces  documents  enconnaissance de cause.
Notifications
Foreign
 Asset/Account Reporting Information.  French residents holding cash or securities (including shares of CommonStock
 acquired under the Plan) outside of France or maintaining foreign bank or brokerage account (including accountsopened
 or closed during the tax year) must declare such assets and accounts to the French tax authorities when filingan annual tax return. 
Failure to comply could trigger significant penalties. GERMANY
Notifications
Exchange
 Control Information. Cross-border payments in excess of €12,500 in connection with the sale of securities(including
 shares of Common Stock acquired under the Plan) and/or the receipt of dividends paid on securities must bereported
 on  a  monthly  basis  to  the  German  Federal  Bank  (Bundesbank). If  you  receive  a  payment  in  excess  of  thisamount,
 you must report the payment to Bundesbank electronically by the fifth day of the month following the month inwhich
 the payment was received. The  form of the report (“Allgemeine  Meldeportal Statistik”)  can be accessed via theBundesbank’s website (www.bundesbank.de) and is available in both German and English.
Foreign Asset/Account Reporting Information
. German residents holding shares of Common Stock must notify their local tax
 office of the acquisition of shares of Common Stock when they file their tax returns for the relevant year if the valueof
 the shares of Common Stock acquired exceeds €150,000 or in the unlikely event that the resident holds CommonStock
 exceeding  10% of the Company’s  total Common Stock outstanding.  However, if shares of Common Stock arelisted
 on  a  recognized  U.S.  stock  exchange  and  you  own  less  than  1%  of  the  total  shares  of  Common  Stock,  thisrequirement will not apply.
24.
GREECEThere are no country specific provisions.
HONG KONG
Terms and Conditions
Form
 of  Settlement.  Restricted  Stock  Units  granted  to  individuals  resident  in  Hong  Kong  shall  be  paid  in  shares  ofCommon
 Stock  only. In  no  event  shall  any  Restricted  Stock  Units  be  paid  in  cash,  notwithstanding  any  discretioncontained in the Plan to the contrary.
Issuance
 of Shares and Sale of Shares.  This provision supplements Sections 2 and 3 of the Global Restricted StockUnit Agreement:
Any
 shares of Common Stock issued in settlement of the Award are accepted as a personal investment. In  the eventshares
 of Common Stock subject to the Award are issued to you within six months of the Date of Grant, you agree thatyou
 will not offer the shares of Common Stock to the public in Hong Kong or otherwise dispose of any such shares priorto the six-month anniversary of the Date of Grant.
Notifications
Securities
 Law  Information: WARNING: The  contents  of  this  document  have  not  been  reviewed  by  any  regulatoryauthority
 in Hong Kong. You  should exercise caution in relation to the offer. If  you are in any doubt about any of thecontents
 of the Agreement, the Plan or any other incidental communication materials, you should obtain independentprofessional
 advice. The  Award and any shares of Common Stock issued upon settlement do not constitute a publicoffering
 of securities under Hong Kong law and are available only to service providers of the Company and its Affiliates.The
 Agreement, the Plan and other incidental communication materials have not been prepared in accordance with andare
 not intended to constitute a “prospectus” for a public offering of securities under the applicable securities legislationin
 Hong Kong. The  Awards and any related documents are intended only for the personal use of each eligible serviceprovider of the Service Recipient, the Company or any other Affiliate and may not be distributed to any other person.
HUNGARY
There are no country specific provisions.
INDIA
Notifications
Exchange
 Control  Information. You  understand  that  you  must  repatriate  any  proceeds  from  the  sale  of  shares  ofCommon
 Stock acquired under the Plan or from the receipt of dividends paid on such shares to India and convert theproceeds
 into local currency within such time as prescribed under applicable Indian exchange control laws, which maybe amended from time to time. 
You must obtain a foreign inward remittance certificate (“ FIRC ”) from the bank where you deposit
 the  foreign  currency  and  must  maintain  the  FIRC  as  evidence  of  the  repatriation  of  funds  in  the  event  theReserve Bank of India or the Service Recipient requests proof of repatriation. 
You also 25.
understand that it is your responsibility to comply with all exchange control laws in India and that you should consult withyour own legal advisor about the applicable requirements.
Foreign
 Asset/Account  Reporting  Information. Indian  residents  must  declare  the  following  items  in  their  annual  taxreturns:
 (i) any foreign assets held (including shares of Common Stock acquired under the Plan), and (ii) any foreignbank
 accounts for which the resident has signing authority. It  is your responsibility to comply with applicable tax laws inIndia. 
You  should consult with your personal tax advisor to ensure that you are properly reporting your foreign assetsand bank accounts.
INDONESIA
Terms and Conditions
Language Consent and Notification
.  By accepting the Award, you (i) confirm having read and understood the documentsrelating
 to this grant (i.e. , the Plan and the Agreement) which were provided in the English language, (ii) accept theterms of those documents accordingly,
 and (iii) agree not to challenge the validity of this document based on Law No. 24of
 2009 on National Flag, Language, Coat of Arms and National Anthem or the implementing Presidential Regulation(when issued).
Persetujuan
 dan  Pemberitahuan  Bahasa.   Dengan  menerima  pemberianRSU,  Peserta  (i)  mengkonfirmasi  bahwadirinya
 telah  membaca  dan  mengerti  dokumen-dokumen  yang  terkait  dengan  pemberian  ini  (yaitu,  Program  danPerjanjian) yang disedia
kan dalam Bahasa Inggris, (ii) menerima syarat-syarat dari dokumen-dokumen tersebut, dan (iii)setuju
 untuk tidak mengajukan keberatan atas keberlakuan dokumen ini berdasarkan Undang-Undang No. 24 Tahun2009
 tentang Bendera, Bahasa, dan Lambang Negara, Serta Lagu Kebangsaan atau Peraturan Presiden pelaksananya(ketika diterbitkan).
Notifications
Foreign
 Asset / Account Reporting. Indonesian residents must report worldwide assets (including foreign accounts andshares of Common Stock acquired under the Plan) in their annual individual income tax return.
Exchange
 Control  Information.  Indonesian  residents  must  report  information  on  foreign  exchange  activities  (i.e. , theinward
 and  outbound  remittance  of  funds,  including  the  remittance  of  proceeds  from  the  sale  of  shares  of  CommonStock
 or from the receipt of dividends paid on such shares into Indonesia) to Bank Indonesia on a monthly basis. Thereporting should be completed online through Bank Indonesia’s website.
Further,
 if  an  Indonesian  resident  remits  proceeds  from  the  sale  of  shares  of  Common  Stock  or  from  the  receipt  ofdividends
 paid on such shares into Indonesia, the Indonesian bank through which the transaction is made will submit areport
 on  the  transaction  to  Bank  Indonesia  for  statistical  reporting  purposes. The  Indonesian  bank  executing  thetransaction will
 request information, data and/or supporting documents from you, which you will be required to provide tothe bank.
26.
ISRAELTerms and Conditions
The following provision applies to you if you are in Israel on the Date of Grant.
Israeli Sub-plan
.  You acknowledge and agree that the Awards are granted under the Israeli sub-plan to the Plan whichcontains
 additional  terms  and  conditions  that  govern  your  Award. In  addition,  your  Award  is  subject  to  Section  102capital
 gains  route  of  the  Income  Tax  Ordinance  (New  Version)  –  1961,  the  rules  and  regulations  promulgated  inconnection therewith (the "
Ordinance "), any  tax ruling to be obtained by the Company (collectively, the "CGR "), and the Trust
 Agreement, copies of which have been provided to you or made available for your review. You  agree that theAwards
 will  be  issued  to  and  controlled  by  a  trustee  appointed  by  the  Company  (the  "Trustee ")  for  your  benefit,pursuant
 to the terms of the CGR and the Trust Agreement. You also confirm that you are familiar with the terms andprovisions
 of Section 102 of the Ordinance and the CGR and understand that the Awards will be subject to the lockupperiod
 and you undertake not to sell or require the Trustee to release the Awards or the underlying shares of CommonStock,
 prior to the expiration of the lockup period, unless you pay all taxes which may arise in connection with such saleand/or transfer.
The
 classification of the Restricted Stock Units as Trustee 102 Awards is conditioned upon the approval of the Plan, theSub-Plan
 and  the  Trustee  by  the  Israeli  Tax  Authorities  (“ITA ”).  In  the  event  that  such  approval  is  not  granted,regardless
 of reason, then the Restricted Stock Unit shall be deemed to be Non-Trustee 102 Award, unless otherwisedetermined
 by  the  ITA. In  addition,  the  Company  does  not  undertake  to  maintain  the  tax-qualified  status  and  youacknowledge
 that you will not be entitled to damages of any nature whatsoever if the Award becomes disqualified andno longer qualifies under the capital gains tax route.
The Restricted
 Stock Unit will be issued to the Trustee. The Trustee will hold the units and the shares of Common Stockto
 be issued and all other shares of Common Stock received following any realization  of rights, including bonus shares,dividends (whether in cash or in kind), or other rights issued or distributed in connection with the Restricted Stock Unit or
the
 shares of Common Stock, in trust, until  the later of: (i) the expiration of the minimum Lockup Period as requiredunder
 Section 102, or (ii) the full payment of all requisite taxes by you, as shall be determined by the Company and theTrustee,
 in  their  sole  discretion. You  agree  to  comply  with  any  additional  requirements  that  may  be  imposed  by  adesignated trustee for the Plan.
The
 Company and/or its Affiliate and/or the Trustee shall be entitled to withhold Taxes according to requirement of anyapplicable
 laws, rules and regulations and the CGR. The Company and/or the Trustee shall not be required to releaseany
 Restricted Stock Units and/or shares of Common Stock to you or to any third party until all required tax paymentshave been fully made or will be made to the full satisfaction of the Company and the Trustee.
The following provision applies if you transfer into Israel after the Date of Grant.
Settlement
.  The following provision supplements Sections 2 and 3 of the Global Restricted Stock Unit Agreement.27.
At  the  discretion  of  the  Company,  you  may  be  subject  to  an  immediate  forced  sale  restriction,  pursuant  to  which  allshares
 of Common Stock acquired at vesting will be immediately sold and you will receive the sale proceeds less anyTax-Related
 Items and applicable broker fees and commissions. In  this case, you will not be entitled to hold any sharesof Common Stock acquired at vesting.
ITALY
Terms and Conditions
Plan
 Document Acknowledgment. In participating in the Plan, you acknowledge that you have received a copy of thePlan
 and  the  Agreement  and  have  reviewed  the  Plan  and  the  Agreement  in  their  entirety  and  fully  understand  andaccept
 all provisions of the Plan and the Agreement. You  further acknowledge that you have read and specifically andexpressly
 approve  the  Sections  of  the  Agreement  addressing  (i)  Compliance  with  Law  (Section  4  of  the  GlobalRestricted Stock Unit
 Agreement), (ii) Limitations on Transfer (Section 5 of the Global Restricted Stock Unit Agreement),(iii) Responsibility for Taxes (Section
 10 of the Global Restricted Stock Unit Agreement), (iv) Nature of Grant (Section 11of
 the  Global  Restricted  Stock  Unit  Agreement),  (v)  Imposition  of  Other  Requirements  (Section  21  of  the  GlobalRestricted
 Stock  Unit  Agreement),  (vi)  Governing  Law/Venue  (Section  23  of  the  Global  Restricted  Stock  UnitAgreement)
 and  (vii)  the  Data  Privacy  Notification  For  Participants  Working  and/or  Residing  In  the  European  Union("EU")/European Economic Area ("EEA")/Switzerland/United Kingdom provision of this 
Appendix.Notifications
Foreign
 Asset/Account Reporting Information. Italian residents who, during any fiscal year, hold investments or financialassets outside of Italy (
e.g. , cash, shares of Common Stock) which may generate income taxable in Italy (or who are thebeneficial
 owners of such an investment or asset even if not directly holding the investment or asset), are required toreport
 such investments or assets on the annual tax return for such fiscal year (on UNICO Form, RW Schedule, or on aspecial form if not required to file a tax return).
Foreign
 Financial Asset Tax Notification.  The value of any shares of Common Stock (and certain other foreign assets)an
 Italian resident holds outside Italy may be subject to a foreign financial assets tax. You should consult your personaltax advisor for additional information.
JAPAN
Notifications
Foreign
 Asset/Account  Reporting  Information.  Japanese  residents  are  required  to  report  details  of  any  assets  heldoutside
 Japan (e.g., shares of Common Stock acquired under the Plan) to the extent such assets have a total net fairmarket
 value exceeding ¥50,000,000  as of December 31 each year. You  should consult with your personal tax advisorto ensure that you are properly complying with applicable reporting requirements in Japan.
28.
Exchange Control Information. If you acquire shares of Common Stock valued at more than ¥100,000,000 million in asingle
 transaction, you must file a Securities Acquisition Report with the Ministry of Finance through the Bank of Japanwithin
 20 days after the acquisition of the shares. You  should consult with your personal tax advisor to determine yourreporting obligations.
KOREA
Notifications
Foreign
 Asset/Account  Reporting  Information.   Korean  residents  are  required  to  declare  foreign  accounts  (i.e. , non-Korean
 bank accounts, brokerage accounts, etc.) to the Korean tax authorities if the monthly balance of such accountsexceeds
 a certain limit (currently KRW 500 million or an equivalent amount in foreign currency) on any month-end dateduring a calendar year.
MALAYSIA
Terms and Conditions
Data
 Privacy. This provision replaces the Data Privacy Consent For Participants Working and/or Residing Outside theEuropean Union/European Economic Area/Switzerland/United Kingdom of this Appendix:
29.
You  hereby  explicitly,  voluntarily  andunambiguously
 consent to the collection, use andtransfer,
 in  electronic  or  other  form,  of  yourpersonal
 data as described in this Agreement andany
 other award documentation by and among, asapplicable,
 the  Company,  the  Service  Recipientand
 any  other  Affiliate  or  any  third  partiesauthorized
 by  same  in  assisting  in  theimplementation,
 administration  and  managementof your participation in the Plan. 
You
 may  have  previously  provided  the  Companyand
 the Service Recipient with, and the Companyand
 the  Service  Recipient  may  hold,  certainpersonal
 information about you, including, but notlimited
 to,  your  name,  home  address,  emailaddress
 and  telephone  number,  date  of  birth,social
 insurance  number,  passport  number  orother
 identification number, salary, nationality, jobtitle,
 any  shares  of  Common  Stock  ordirectorships
 held  in  the  Company,  the  fact  andconditions of your
 participation in the Plan, detailsof
 all  Restricted  Stock  Units  or  any  otherentitlement
 to shares of Common Stock awarded,cancelled,
 exercised,  vested,  unvested  oroutstanding
 in  your  favor  (“Data”),  for  theexclusive
Anda  dengan  ini  secara  eksplicit,  secara  sukarela  dantanpa
 sebarang  keraguan  mengizinkan  pengumpulan,penggunaan
 dan  pemindahan,  dalam  bentuk  elektronikatau lain-lain, data peribadi anda seperti yang dinyatakan
dalam
 Perjanjian ini dan apa-apa dokumentasi anugerahlain
 oleh  dan  di  antara,  sepertimana  yang  berkenaan,Syarikat,
 Penerima  Perkhidmatan  dan  mana-manaSyarikat
 Sekutu lain atau mana-mana pihak ketiga yangdiberi
 kuasa  oleh  yang  sama  untuk  membantu  dalampelaksanaan,
 pentadbiran  dan  pengurusan  penyertaananda dalam Pelan.
Sebelum
 ini, anda mungkin telah membekalkan Syarikatdan
 Penerima  Perkhidmatan  dengan,  dan  Syarikat  danPenerima
 Perkhidmatan mungkin memegang, maklumatperibadi
 tertentu  tentang  anda,  termasuk,  tetapi  tidakterhad
 kepada,  nama  anda,  alamat  rumah,  alamat  e-meldan nombor telefon,
 tarikh lahir, nombor insurans sosial,nombor
 pasport  atau  nombor  pengenalan  lain,  gaji,kewarganegaraan,
 jawatan,  apa-apa  syer  dalam  SahamBiasa
 atau  jawatan  pengarah  yang  dipegang  dalamSyarikat,
 fakta dan syarat-syarat penyertaan anda dalamPelan,
 butir-butir  semua  Unit-unit  Saham  Terbatas  atauapa-apa
 hak  lain  untuk  syer  dalam  Saham  Biasa  yangdianugerahkan,
 dibatalkan,  dilaksanakan,  terletak  hak,tidak diletak hak ataupun yang belum
30.
purpose  of  implementing,  administering  andmanaging the Plan.
You
 also authorize any transfer of Data, as may berequired,
 to Charles Schwab & Co., Inc. and certainof its
 affiliates ("Schwab"), or such other stock planservice
 provider  as  may  be  selected  by  theCompany
 in  the  future,  which  is  assisting  theCompany
 with  the  implementation,  administrationand
 management of the Plan and/or with whom anyshares
 acquired  upon  vesting  of  the  RestrictedStock
 Units  are  deposited.   You  acknowledge  thatthese
 recipients may be located in your country orelsewhere, and that the
 recipient’s country (e.g., theUnited
 States) may have different data privacy lawsand
 protections  to  your  country,  which  may  notgive
 the  same  level  of  protection  to  Data.   Youauthorize
 the  Company,  Schwab  and  any  otherpossible
 recipients which may assist the Company(presently
 or  in  the  future)  with  implementing,administering
 and  managing  your  participation  inthe
 Plan  to  receive,  possess,  use,  retain  andtransfer
 Data,  in  electronic  or  other  form,  for  thesole
 purpose  of  implementing,  administering  andmanaging your participation in the Plan.
You understand
 that you may request a list with thenames
 and addresses of any potential recipients ofData
 by  contacting  your  local  human  resourcesrepresentative. 
You  understand  that  Data  will  beheld
 only  as  long  as  is  necessary  to  implement,administer
 and  manage  your  participation  in  thePlan. 
You understand that you may, at any dijelaskan  bagi  faedah  anda  (“Data”),  untuk  tujuaneksklusif
 bagi  melaksanakan,  mentadbir  danmenguruskan Pelan.
Anda
 juga  memberi  kuasa  untuk  membuat  apa-apapemindahan
 Data,  sebagaimana  yang  diperlukan,kepada
 Charles Schwab & Co., Inc. dan sekutu-sekututertentunya
 ("Schwab"),  atau  pembekal  perkhidmatanpelan
 saham  lain  sebagaimana  yang  dipilih  olehSyarikat
 pada  masa  depan,  yang  membantu  Syarikatdalam
 pelaksanaan, pentadbiran dan pengurusan Pelandan/atau
 dengan  sesiapa  mana-mana  syer  yangdiperolehi
 selepas  peletakan  hak  Unit-unit  SahamTerbatas 
didepositkan.  Anda  mengakui  bahawapenerima-penerima 
ini  mungkin berada di negara andaatau
 di  tempat  lain,  dan  bahawa  negara  penerima(contohnya,
 Amerika  Syarikat)  mungkin  mempunyaiundang-undang
 privasi  data  dan  perlindungan  yangberbeza
 daripada  negara  anda,  yang  mungkin  tidakboleh
 memberi tahap perlindungan yang sama kepadaData.
 Anda  memberi  kuasa  kepada  Syarikat,  Schwabdan
 mana-mana  penerima  lain  yang  mungkinmembantu
 Syarikat  (masa  sekarang  atau  pada  masadepan)
 untuk  melaksanakan,  mentadbir  danmenguruskan
 penyertaan  anda  dalam  Pelan  untukmenerima,
 memiliki,  menggunakan,  mengekalkan  danmemindahkan
 Data, dalam bentuk elektronik atau lain-lain,
 semata-mata  dengan  tujuan  untuk  melaksanakan,mentadbir
 dan  menguruskan  penyertaan  anda  dalamPelan.
Anda
 memahami  bahawa  anda  boleh  meminta  senarainama
 dan  alamat  mana-mana  penerima  Data  yangberpotensi
 dengan  menghubungi  wakil  sumbermanusia
 tempatan  anda.  Anda  faham  bahawa  Dataakan
 dipegang  hanya  untuk  tempoh  yang  diperlukanuntuk
 melaksanakan,  mentadbir  dan  menguruskanpenyertaan anda dalam Pelan. Anda memahami bahawa
anda boleh, pada bila-bila masa, melihat
31.
time,  view  Data,  request  additional  informationabout
 the  storage  and  processing  of  Data,  requireany
 necessary  amendments  to  Data  or  refuse  orwithdraw
 the consents herein, in any case, withoutcost,
 by  contacting  in  writing  your  local  humanresources
 representative.  Further, you understandthat
 you  are  providing  the  consents  herein  on  apurely
 voluntary basis.  If you do not consent, or ifyou
 later  seek  to  revoke  the  consent,  youremployment
 status  and  career  with  the  ServiceRecipient
 will  not  be  affected;  the  onlyconsequence
 of  refusing  or  withdrawing  theconsent
 is that  the Company  would  not  be able  togrant
 future  Restricted  Stock  Units  or other  equityawards
 to  you  or  administer  or  maintain  suchawards.
  Therefore, you understand that refusing orwithdrawing
 your consent may affect your ability toparticipate
 in the Plan. For  more information on theconsequences
 of  the  refusal  to  consent  orwithdrawal
 of  consent,  you  understand  that  youmay contact NVIDIA-StockAdmin@nvidia.com.
Data,  meminta  maklumat  tambahan  mengenaipenyimpanan dan
 pemprosesan Data, meminta apa-apapindaan
 yang  perlu  dilaksanakan  ke  atas  Data  ataumenolak
 atau  menarik  balik  persetujuan  dalam  ini,dalam
 mana-mana  kes,  tanpa  kos,  denganmenghubungi
 secara  bertulis  wakil  sumber  manusiatempatan
 anda.  Selanjutnya,  anda  memahami  bahawaanda
 memberikan  persetujuan  di  sini  secara  sukarela.Jika
 anda  tidak  bersetuju,  atau  jika  anda  kemudianmembatalkan
 persetujuan  anda,  status  pekerjaan  dankerjaya
 anda  dengan  Penerima  Perkhidmatan  tidakakan
 terjejas;  satu-satunya  akibat  jika  anda  tidakbersetuju
 atau  menarik  balik  persetujuan  anda  adalahbahawa Syarikat tidak akan dapat memberikan Unit-unit
Saham
 Terbatas  pada  masa  depan  atau  anugerah-anugerah
 ekuiti  lain  kepada  anda  atau  mentadbir  ataumengekalkan
 anugerah-anugerah  tersebut.  Oleh  itu,anda
 memahami  bahawa  keengganan  atau  penarikanbalik
 persetujuan  anda  boleh  menjejaskan  keupayaananda
 untuk  mengambil  bahagian  dalam  Pelan.  Untukmaklumat
 lanjut  mengenai  akibat  keengganan  andauntuk
 memberikan  keizinan  atau  penarikan  balikkeizinan,
 anda  memahami  bahawa  anda  bolehmenghubungi NVIDIA-StockAdmin@nvidia.com.
Notifications
Director
 Notification  Obligation. If  you  are  a  director  of  a  Malaysian  Affiliate,  you  are  subject  to  certain  notificationrequirements
 under the Malaysian Companies Act. Among  these requirements is an obligation to notify the MalaysianAffiliate
 in  writing  when  you  receive  or  dispose  of  an  interest  (e.g. ,  an  Award  under  the  Plan  or  shares  of  CommonStock)
 in the Company or any Affiliate. Such  notifications must be made within 14 days of receiving or disposing of anyinterest in the Company or any Affiliate.
MEXICO
Terms and Conditions
Acknowledgement
 of the Agreement. By accepting the Award, you acknowledge that you have received a copy of thePlan
 and the Agreement, which you have reviewed. You  further acknowledge that you accept all the provisions of thePlan and the Agreement. 
You also acknowledge that you have read and specifically and expressly 32.
approve the terms and conditions set forth in Section 11 of the Agreement, which clearly provide as follows:(1)    Your participation in the Plan does not constitute an acquired right;
(2)    The Plan and your participation in it are offered by the Company on a wholly discretionary basis;
(3)
    You shall not be considered to have any claim or entitlement to compensation or damages from the grant of theAward or from the forfeiture of this Award;
(4)    Your participation in the Plan is voluntary; and
(5)
    The Company and its Affiliates are not responsible for any decrease in the value of any shares of Common Stockacquired at vesting of the Restricted Stock Units.
Labor
 Law Acknowledgement and Policy Statement. By accepting the Award, you acknowledge that the Company, withregistered
 offices at 2788 San Tomas Expressway, Santa Clara, California 95051, U.S.A, is solely responsible for theadministration
 of the Plan. You  further  acknowledge  that  your  participation  in  the  Plan,  the  grant  of  Restricted  StockUnits
 and any acquisition of shares of Common Stock under the Plan do not constitute an employment or other servicerelationship between
 you and the Company because you are participating in the Plan on a wholly commercial basis andyour sole service recipient is NV Computing Mexi
co, S. de R.L. de C.V. (“NVIDIA Mexico ”). Based on the foregoing, youexpressly acknowledge
 that the Plan and the benefits that you may derive from participation in the Plan do not establishany
 rights  between  you  and  NVIDIA  Mexico,  and  do  not  form  part  of  any  employment  conditions  and/or  benefitsprovided
 by  NVIDIA  Mexico,  and  any  modification  of  the  Plan  or  its  termination  shall  not  constitute  a  change  orimpairment of the terms and conditions of your Continuous Service with NVIDIA Mexico.
You
 further understand that your participation in the Plan is the result of a unilateral and discretionary decision of theCompany; therefor
e, the Company reserves the absolute right to amend and/or discontinue your participation in the Planat any time, without any liability to you.
Finally,
 you  hereby  declare  that  you  do  not  reserve  to  yourself  any  action  or  right  to  bring  any  claim  against  theCompany
 for any compensation or damages regarding any provision of the Plan or the benefits derived under the Plan,and
 that you therefore grant a full and broad release to the Company, its Affiliates, branches, representation offices,shareholders, officers, agents and legal representatives, with respect to any claim that may arise.
Spanish Translation
Reconocimiento
 del Contrato. Al aceptar el Premio, usted reconoce que ha recibido una copia del Plan y del Contrato,los
 cuales  que  ha  revisado.  Además,  usted  reconoce  que  acepta  todas  las  disposiciones  del  Plan  y  del  Contrato.También,
 usted reconoce que ha leído y que específica y expresamente aprueba de los términos y condiciones de laSección 11 del Contrato, que claramente dispone lo siguiente:
(1)    Su participación en el Plan no constituye un derecho adquirido;
33.
(2)    El Plan y su participación en el Plan se ofrecen por la Compañía de una manera totalmente discrecional;(3)
    No  tendrá  ningún  derecho  o  reclamación  por  compensación  o  daño  derivado  de  la  concesión  del  Premio  oderivado de la pérdida de este Premio;
(4)    SU participación en el Plan es voluntaria; y
(5)
    La Compañía y sus Afiliadas no son responsables por ninguna disminución del valor de las Acciones adquiridascuando las Unidades de Acciones Restringidas se maduren.
Reconocimiento
 Ley Laboral y Declaración de la Política. Al aceptar el Premio, usted reconoce que la Compañía, conoficinas
 registradas  en  2788  San  Tomas  Expressway,  Santa  Clara,  California  95051,  EE.UU.,  es  únicamenteresponsable
 por la administración del Plan. Además,  usted reconoce que su participación en el Plan, la concesión delas
 Unidades de Acciones Restringidas y cualquier adquisición de Acciones de conformidad con el Plan no constituyenuna
 relación laboral u otra relación de servicio entre usted y la Compañía, ya que usted está participando en el Plansobre
 una base totalmente comercial y el único recipiente de servicio es NV Computing Mexico, S. de R.L. de C.V.(
“NVIDIA Mexico” ). Derivado de lo anterior, usted expresamente reconoce que el Plan y los beneficios que se podríanderivar
 al participar en el Plan no establecen ningún derecho entre usted y NVIDIA Mexico, y que no forman parte delas
 condiciones de cualquier empleo y/o las prestaciones otorgadas por NVIDIA Mexico, y cualquier modificación delPlan
 o su terminación no constituirán un cambio o deterioro de los términos y condiciones de su Servicio Continuo conNVIDIA Mexico.
Además,
 usted  entiende  que  su  participación  en  el  Plan  se  resulta  de  una  decisión  unilateral  y  discrecional  de  laCompañía;
 por lo tanto, la Compañía se reserva el derecho absoluto de modificar y/o discontinuar su participación en elPlan en cualquier momento, sin responsabilidad alguna hacia usted.
Finalmente,
 en este acto usted manifiesta que no se reserva acción o derecho alguno para interponer una reclamacióno
 demanda en contra de la Compañía, por cualquier compensación o daño en relación con cualquier disposición delPlan
 o  de  los  beneficios  derivados  del  Plan,  y,  por  lo  tanto,  otorga  un  amplio  y  total  finiquito  a  la  Compañía,  susAfiliadas,
 sucursales, oficinas de representación, sus accionistas, funcionarios, agentes y representantes legales conrespecto a cualquier reclamación o demanda que pudiera surgir.
Notifications
Securities
 Law Information. Any Award offered under the Plan and the shares of Common Stock underlying the Awardhave
 not  been  registered  with  the  National  Register  of  Securities  maintained  by  the  Mexican  National  Banking  andSecurities
 Commission and cannot be offered or sold publicly in Mexico.  In addition, the Plan and any other documentrelating
 to any Award may not be publicly distributed in Mexico. These materials are addressed to you only because ofyour
 existing relationship with the Company and its Affiliates and these materials should not be reproduced or copied inany form. The offer contained in these materials does not constitute a public offering of securities but rather constitutes a
private
 placement of securities addressed specifically to individuals who are present Employees or Contractors of theCompany or
34.
one of its Affiliates, made in accordance with the provisions of the Mexican Securities Market Law, and any rights undersuch offering shall not be assigned or transferred.
NETHERLANDS
There are no country specific provisions.
NORWAY
There are no country specific provisions.
PALESTINE (WEST BANK AND GAZA STRIP)
Notifications
Exchange
 Control  Information. Palestine  residents  may  be  subject  to  certain  tax,  exchange  control  or  foreignasset/account reporting requirements under
 applicable laws as a result of the acquisition, holding or transfer of shares ofCommon
 Stock or cash resulting from participation in the Plan. You  are responsible for being aware of and satisfyingany such requirements that may be necessary in connection with the Award. 
You should consult with your personal legal advisor to ensure compliance with local laws.
POLAND
Notifications
Exchange
 Control Information.  If you transfer funds into and out of Poland in excess of €15,000 (or PLN 15,000 if suchtransfer
 of funds is connected with business activity of an entrepreneur) must be made via a bank account held at abank
 in Poland. You  are required to store all documents connected with any foreign exchange transactions that youengaged in for a period of five years, as measured from the end of the year in which such transaction occurred.
If you
 hold shares of Common Stock acquired under the Plan and/or maintain a bank account abroad and the aggregatevalue
 of  shares  of  Common  Stock  and/or  cash  held  in  such  foreign  accounts  exceeds  PLN  7  million,  you  must  filereports
 on  the  transactions  and  balances  of  the  accounts  on  a  quarterly  basis  to  the  National  Bank  of  Poland. You should consult with your personal legal advisor to determine your reporting responsibilities.
RUSSIA
Terms and Conditions
U.S.
 Transaction. You understand that the acceptance of the Restricted Stock Units results in an agreement betweenyou
 and the Company that is completed in the U.S. and that this Agreement is governed by the laws of the State ofDelaware, without giving effect to the conflict of law principles thereof.
Notifications
Securities
 Law Information. You acknowledge that the Restricted Stock Units, this Agreement, the Plan and all othermaterials that you may receive regarding participation
35.
in the Plan do not constitute advertising or an offering of securities in Russia. The  shares of Common Stock acquiredpursuant
 to the Plan have not and will not be registered in Russia and therefore, neither the Restricted Stock Units northe
 shares  of  Common  Stock  may  be  offered  or  publicly  circulated  in  Russia. You  acknowledge  that  you  may  holdshares
 of  Common  Stock  acquired  upon  settlement  of  the  Restricted  Stock  Units  in  an  account  with  the  designatedbroker
 in the U.S. However,  in no event will shares of Common Stock issued to you under the Plan be delivered to youin Russia. 
Further, you are not permitted to sell shares of Common Stock directly to other Russian individuals. Exchange
 Control Information.  Under exchange control regulations in Russia, you may be required to repatriate certaincash
 amounts you receive with respect to the Restricted Stock Units to Russia. Such  funds must initially be credited toyou
 through a foreign currency account at an authorized bank in Russia. After  the funds are initially received in Russia,they may be further remitted to foreign banks in accordance with Russian exchange control laws.
Under
 the  Directive  of  the  Russian  Central  Bank  (the  “CBR ”)  N  5371-U  which  came  into  force  on  April  17,  2020,repatriation
 requirements do not apply for (i) accounts with foreign  banks in jurisdictions that are party to an internationalagreement on the automa
tic exchange of information with Russia and (ii) for accounts that are considered by the CBR tobe a foreign brokerage account opened with a financial market institution other than a bank.
You
 should contact your personal advisor to confirm the application of the exchange control restrictions prior to vestingin
 the Restricted Stock Units, selling shares of Common Stock and the receipt of cash dividends paid on such shares assignificant
 penalties  may  apply  in  case  of  non-compliance  with  the  exchange  control  restrictions  and  because  suchexchange control restrictions are subject to change.
Foreign
 Asset/Account Reporting Information.  As of January 1, 2020, the following reports or notifications must be filedwith the Russian tax authorities, if applicable:
•
Annual  cash  flow  and  financial  asset  (including  shares  of  Common  Stock)  reporting  for  an  offshorebrokerage
 account (due by June 1 each year for the previous year, with the first reporting due by June 1,2021 for calendar year 2020).
•
A one-time notification within one month of opening an offshore brokerage account. •
A one-time notification within one month of closing an offshore brokerage account.  •
A one-time notification within one month of changing details of an offshore brokerage account. You
 should consult with your personal legal advisor to determine the application of these reporting requirements to anyaccount opened in connection with your participation in the Plan.
Labor
 Law Information.  If you continue to hold shares of Common Stock acquired at settlement of the Restricted StockUnits after
 an involuntary termination of Continuous Service, you will not be eligible to receive unemployment benefits inRussia.
36.
Data  Privacy. You  hereby  acknowledge  that  you  have  read  and  understand  the  terms  regarding  the  collection,processing
 and  transfer  of  Data  contained  in  the  Data  Privacy  Consent  For  Participants  Working  and/or  ResidingOutside
 the  European  Union/European  Economic  Area/Switzerland/United  Kingdom  of  this  Appendix  and,  byparticipating in the
 Plan, agree to such terms. In this  regard, upon request of the Company or the Service Recipient, youagree
 to provide an executed data privacy consent form (or any other agreements or consents that may be required bythe
 Company  or  the  Service  Recipient)  should  the  Company  and/or  the  Service  Recipient  deem  such  agreement  orconsent
 necessary under applicable data privacy laws, either now or in the future. You  understand that you will not beable to participate in the Plan if you fail to execute any such consent or agreement.
SAUDI ARABIA
Notifications
Securities
 Law  Information.  This  document  may  not  be  distributed  in  the  Kingdom  except  to  such  persons  as  arepermitted under the Rules of the Offers of Securities and Continuing Obligations issued by the Capital Market Authority.
The
 Capital Market Authority does not make any representation as to the accuracy or completeness of this document,and
 expressly disclaims any liability whatsoever for any loss arising from, or incurred in reliance upon, any part of thisdocument.
 Prospective  purchasers  of  the  securities  offered  hereby  should  conduct  their  own  due  diligence  on  theaccuracy
 of the information relating to the securities. If you do not understand the contents of this document you shouldconsult an authorized financial adviser.
SINGAPORE
Notifications
Securities
 Law Information. The Award is being made to you in reliance on the “Qualifying Person” exemption undersection
 273(1)(f)  of  the  Securities  and  Futures  Act  (Chap.  289,  2006  Ed.),  is  exempt  from  the  prospectus  andregistration
 requirements  under  the  SFA  and  is  not  made  to  you  with  a  view  to  the  Award  or  underlying  shares  ofCommon
 Stock being subsequently offered for sale to any other party. The  Plan has not been and will not be lodged orregistered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority of Singapore.
Director
 Notification  Obligation. Directors  (including  alternate,  substitute,  associate  and  shadow  directors)  of  aSingapore
 Affiliate are subject to certain notification requirements under the Singapore Companies Act. Among  theserequirements
 is an obligation to notify such entity in writing within two business days of any of the following events: (i)the
 acquisition  or  disposal  of  an  interest  (e.g. ,  Awards  granted  under  the  Plan  or  shares  of  Common  Stock)  in  theCompany or
 any Affiliate, (ii) any change in previously-disclosed interests (e.g. , sale of shares of Common Stock), of (iii)becoming
 a director, an associate director or a shadow director of an Affiliate in Singapore, if the individual holds suchan
 interest  at  that  time. These  notification  requirements  apply  regardless  of  whether  directors  are  residents  of  oremployed
 in Singapore. You  understand that if you are the Chief Executive Officer (“CEO ”)  of a Singapore Affiliate andthe
 above notification requirements are determined to apply to the CEO of a Singapore Affiliate, the above notificationrequirements also may apply to you.
37.
SOUTH AFRICATerms and Conditions
Responsibility
 for  Taxes.  The  following  provision  supplements  Section  10  of  the  Global  Restricted  Stock  UnitAgreement:
By
 accepting the Award, you agree that, provided you are an Employee at the time of vesting and settlement of theAward,
 immediately upon vesting and settlement of the Award, you will notify the Service Recipient of the amount ofany
 income realized. If you fail to advise the Service Recipient of the income realized upon vesting and settlement, youmay
 be liable for a fine. You will be solely responsible for paying any difference between your actual tax liability andany amount withheld by the Service Recipient.
Notifications
Exchange
 Control Information.  You are responsible for ensuring compliance with all exchange control laws in SouthAfrica
 in connection with the Award. You  should consult with your personal legal advisor to ensure compliance with theapplicable requirements.
SPAIN
Terms and Conditions
Nature of Grant
. The following provision supplements Section 11 of the Global Restricted Stock Unit Agreement:By
 accepting the Award, you consent to participation in the Plan and acknowledge that you have received a copy of thePlan.
You
 understand  that  the  Company  has  unilaterally,  gratuitously  and  in  its  sole  discretion  decided  to  grant  an  Awardunder
 the Plan to individuals who may be Consultants, Directors, or Employees of the Service Recipient, the Company,or
 one  of  its  other  Affiliates  throughout  the  world. The  decision  is  limited  and  entered  into  based  upon  the  expressassumption and
 condition that any Award will not economically or otherwise bind the Company or any Affiliate, includingthe
 Service  Recipient,  on  an  ongoing  basis,  other  than  as  expressly  set  forth  in  the  Agreement. Consequently,  youunderstand
 that  the  Award  is  given  on  the  assumption  and  condition  that  the  Award  shall  not  become  part  of  anyemployment
 or other service contract (whether with the Company or any Affiliate, including the Service Recipient) andshall
 not be considered a mandatory benefit, salary for any purpose (including severance compensation) or any otherright whatsoever. 
Furthermore, you  understand and freely accept that there is no guarantee that any benefit whatsoevershall arise
 from the Award, which is gratuitous and discretionary, since the future value of the Award, and the underlyingshares of Common Stock, is unknown and unpredictable.
Further,
 your participation in the Plan is expressly conditioned on your continued and active rendering of service, suchthat,
 unless otherwise set forth in the Plan, if your Continuous Service terminates for any reason except for your death,your participation in the Plan will cease
 immediately. This will be  the case, for example, even if (1) you are considered tobe
 unfairly  dismissed  without  good  cause  (i.e. ,  subject  to  a  “despido  improcedente”);  (2)  you  are  dismissed  fordisciplinary or objective reasons or due to a
38.
collective  dismissal;  (3)  your  Continuous  Service  ceases  due  to  a  change  of  work  location,  duties  or  any  otheremployment
 or contractual condition; (4) your Continuous Service ceases due to a unilateral breach of contract by theCompany
 or  any  of  its  Affiliates;  or  (5)  your  Continuous  Service  terminates  for  any  other  reason  whatsoever.Consequently,
 upon termination of your Continuous Service for any of the above reasons, you automatically lose anyright
 to participate in the Plan on the date of your termination of Continuous Service, as described in the Plan and theAgreement.
Notifications
Securities
 Law Information.  The Award and shares of Common Stock described in the Agreement do not qualify underSpanish
 regulations as securities.  No “offer of securities to the public”, as defined under Spanish law, has taken placeor
 will  take  place  in  the  Spanish  territory. The  Agreement  has  not  been  nor  will  it  be  registered  with  the Comisión Nacional del Mercado de Valores
, and does not constitute a public offering prospectus. Exchange Control Information
.  The acquisition of shares of Common Stock and subsequent sales of shares of CommonStock
 must  be  declared  for  statistical  purposes  to  the Dirección  General  de  Comercio  e  Inversiones (the  “DGCI ”). Because
 you will not purchase or sell the shares of Common Stock through the use of a Spanish financial institution,you
 will need to make the declaration yourself by filing a D-6 form with the DGCI. Generally,  the D-6 form must be filedeach
 January while the shares of Common Stock are owned. However,  if the value of the shares of Common Stockacquired
 under the Plan or the amount of the sale proceeds exceeds €1,502,530, the declaration must be filed withinone month of the acquisition or sale, as applicable.
In
 addition,  any  securities  accounts  (including  brokerage  accounts  held  abroad),  as  well  as  the  securities  (includingshares
 of  Common  Stock)  held  in  such  accounts,  may  need  to  be  declared  electronically  to  the  Bank  of  Spain,depending on the value of the transactions during the prior tax year or the balances in such accounts as of December 31
of the prior tax year.
Foreign Asset/Account Reporting Information
. Rights or assets (e.g. , shares of Common Stock or cash held in a bank orbrokerage
 account) held outside of Spain with a value in excess of €50,000 per type of right or asset (e.g. , shares ofCommon
 Stock, cash, etc.) as of December 31, must be reported on your annual tax return.  After such rights and/orassets
 are initially reported, the reporting obligation will only apply for subsequent years if the value of any previously-reported
 rights or assets increases by more than €20,000. Shares  of Common Stock acquired under the Plan or otherequity
 programs offered by the Company constitute assets for purposes of this requirement, but unvested rights (e.g.,Restricted Stock Units, etc.) are not considered assets or rights for purposes of this requirement.
SWEDEN
Terms and Conditions
Authorization
 to  Withhold.  The  following  provision  supplements  Section  10  of  the  Global  Restricted  Stock  UnitAgreement:
Without
 limiting  the  Company’s  and  the  Service  Recipient's  authority  to  satisfy  their  withholding  obligations  for  Tax-Related
 Items as set forth in Section 10 of the Global Restricted Stock Unit Agreement, in accepting the Award, youauthorize the Company
39.
and/or  the  Service  Recipient  to  withhold  shares  of  Common  Stock  or  to  sell  shares  of  Common  Stock  otherwisedeliverable
 to you upon vesting/settlement to satisfy Tax-Related Items, regardless of whether the Company and/or theService Recipient have an obligation to withhold such Tax-Related Items.
SWITZERLAND
Notifications
Securities
 Law  Information. Because  the  offer  of  the  Award  is  considered  a  private  offering  in  Switzerland;  it  is  notsubject
 to registration in Switzerland. Neither  this document nor any other materials relating to the Award (i) constitute aprospectus
 according to articles 35 et seq. of the Swiss Federal Act on Financial Services (“FinSA”), (ii) may be publiclydistributed
 nor otherwise made publicly available in Switzerland to any person other than an Employee of the Companyor Service Recipient or (i
ii) has been or will be filed with, approved or supervised by any Swiss reviewing body accordingto
 article  51  FinSA  or  any  Swiss  regulatory  authority,  including  the  Swiss  Financial  Market  Supervisory  Authority(“FINMA”).
TAIWAN
Notifications
Securities
 Law  Information.  The  offer  of  participation  in  the  Plan  is  available  only  for  Consultants,  Directors  andEmployees
 of the Company and its Affiliates. The  offer of participation in the Plan is not a public offer of securities by aTaiwanese company.
Exchange
 Control Information. Taiwanese residents may acquire and remit foreign currency (including proceeds fromthe
 sale  of  shares  of  Common  Stock  and  the  receipt  of  any  dividends  paid  on  such  shares  of  Common  Stock)  intoTaiwan
 up to US$5,000,000 per year without justification. If  the transaction amount is TWD 500,000 or more in a singletransaction,
 a  Foreign  Exchange  Transaction  Form  must  be  submitted,  along  with  supporting  documentation,  to  thesatisfaction
 of the remitting bank. You  should consult your personal legal advisor to ensure compliance with applicableexchange control laws in Taiwan.
THAILAND
Notifications
Exchange
 Control Information. If you realize US$1,000,000 or more in a single transaction from the sale of shares ofCommon
 Stock or the payment of dividends, you are required to repatriate the funds to Thailand immediately followingthe receipt of the funds unless you can rely on any applicable exemptions (e.g., where the funds will be used offshore for
any
 permissible purposes under exchange control regulations and the relevant form and supporting documents havebeen
 submitted to a commercial bank in Thailand). Any foreign currency repatriated to Thailand must be converted toThai
 Baht or deposited into a foreign currency deposit account opened with any commercial bank in Thailand acting asthe authorized agent within 360 days from the date the funds are repatriated to Thailand. You are also
 required to informthe
 authorized agent of the details of the foreign currency transaction, including your identification information and thepurpose of the transaction. You are personally responsible for complying with exchange control restrictions in Thailand.
40.
TURKEYNotifications
Securities
 Law  Information. The  Award  is  made  available  only  to  Employees  or  Consultants,  and  the  offer  ofparticipation
 in the Plan is a private offering in Turkey. The  grant of the Award and the issuance of shares of CommonStock at vesting take place outside of Turkey.
Financial
 Intermediary Obligation.  Any  activity  related  to  investments  in  foreign  securities  (e.g ., the  sale of  shares ofCommon Stock)
 should be conducted through a bank or financial intermediary institution licensed by the Turkish CapitalMarkets
 Board and should be reported to the Turkish Capital Markets Board.  You are solely responsible for complyingwith this
 requirement and should consult with a personal legal advisor for further information regarding any obligations inthis respect.
UKRAINE
Notifications
Exchange
 Control Information.  You  understand  that  you  are  responsible  for  complying  with  the  applicable  exchangecontrol
 regulations  in  Ukraine.  As  the  exchange  control  regulations  in  Ukraine  may  change  without  notice,  you  havebeen
 advised  to  consult  a  legal  advisor  prior  to  opening  any  account  outside  of  Ukraine  and  in  connection  with  theacquisition and the sale of any shares of Common Stock under the Plan to ensure your compliance with the regulations.
UNITED ARAB EMIRATES (DUBAI)
Notifications
Securities Law Information
. Participation in the Plan is being offered only to eligible service providers and is in the natureof
 providing equity incentives to employees in the United Arab Emirates. The  Plan and the Agreement are intended fordistribution
 only to such service providers and must not be delivered to, or relied on by, any other person. Prospective purchasers
 of the securities offered should conduct their own due diligence on the securities. If  you do not understandthe
 contents of the Plan or the Agreement, you should consult an authorized financial adviser. The  Emirates Securitiesand
 Commodities Authority has no responsibility for reviewing or verifying any documents in connection with the Plan.Neither
 the Ministry of Economy nor the Dubai Department of Economic Development have approved the Plan or theAgreement nor taken steps to verify the information set out therein, and have no responsibility for such documents.
UNITED KINGDOM
Terms and Conditions
Form of Settlement
.  Restricted Stock Units granted to individuals resident in the United Kingdom shall be paid in sharesof
 Common Stock only. In  no event shall any Restricted Stock Units be paid in cash, notwithstanding any discretioncontained in the Plan to the contrary.
Responsibility
 for  Taxes. The  following  provisions  supplement  Section  10  of  the  Global  Restricted  Stock  UnitAgreement:
41.
Without limitation to Section 10 of the Global Restricted Stock Unit Agreement, you agree that you are liable for all Tax-Related
 Items and hereby covenant to pay all such Tax-Related Items, as and when requested by the Company or theService
 Recipient or by Her Majesty’s Revenue and Customs (“HMRC ”)  (or any other tax authority or any other relevantauthority). 
You  also agree to indemnify and keep indemnified the Company and the Service Recipient against any Tax-Related Items that
 they are required to pay or withhold or have paid or will pay to HMRC on your behalf (or any other taxauthority or any other relevant authority).
Notwithstanding
 the foregoing, if you are a director or an executive officer of the Company (within the meaning of suchterms
 for  purposes  of  Section  13(k)  of  the  Exchange  Act),  you  acknowledge  that  may  not  be  able  to  indemnify  theCompany or the Employer for the amount of any income tax not collected from or paid by you, as it
 may be considered aloan. 
In  this case, the amount of any income tax not collected within 90 days of the end of the U.K. tax year in which theevent
 giving  rise  to  the  Tax-Related  Item(s)  occurs  may  constitute  an  additional  benefit  to  you  on  which  additionalincome
 tax and National Insurance Contributions may be payable. You  will be responsible for reporting and paying anyincome
 tax due on this additional benefit directly to HMRC under the self-assessment regime and for reimbursing theCompany
 or the Service Recipient (as appropriate) for the value of any National Insurance Contributions due on thisadditional
 benefit, which the Company or the Service Recipient collect by any of the means referred to in the Plan orSection 10 of the Global Restricted Stock Unit Agreement.
42.
Attachment IIINVIDIA Corporation
Amended and Restated 2007 
Equity Incentive PlanEXHIBIT 21.1LIST OF REGISTRANT'S SUBSIDIARIES
Subsidiaries of Registrant (All 100% owned)
Country of Organization Beijing DeepMap Chuxing Technology
 Co., Ltd.China Beijing Mellanox Technologies Co
. Ltd.China Bright Computing B
.V.Netherlands Bright Computing Holding
 B.V.Netherlands Bright Computing,
 IncUnited States Cigol Digital Systems Ltd.
Israel Cumulus Networks India LLP
India Cumulus Networks, Inc
United States DeepMap Cayman Limited
Cayman Island DeepMap GmbH i.L.
Germany DeepMap (Guangzhou) Chuxing Tec
hnology Co., Ltd.China DeepMap HongKong Limited
Hong Kong DeepMap US LLC
United States Icera LLC
United States Icera Semiconductor LLC
United States JAH Venture Holdings, Inc.
United States LPN Facilitator LLC
United States Mellanox Technologies B
elfast Ltd. (fka Titan IC Systems Ltd.)UK-Northern I relandMellanox Technologies D
enmark ApS (fka Iptronics A/S)Denmark Mellanox Technologies Dist
ribution, Ltd.Israel Mellanox Technologies India
 Private LimitedIndia Mellanox Technologies S
ilicon Photonics, Inc. (fka Kotura, Inc.)United States Mellanox Technologies S
ingapore Pte. Ltd. (Singapore)Singapore Mellanox Technologies S
weden AB (fka OptiGOT AB)Sweden Mellanox Technologies UK Holdings
 Ltd.United Kingdom Mellanox Technologies UK L
td. (fka Voltaire (UK) Ltd.)
United Kingdom Mellanox Technologies Ukraine
 LLCUkraine Mellanox Technologies, Inc
United States Mellanox Technologies, Ltd
Israel NVentures LLC
United States NVIDIA (BVI) Holdings Limited
Virgin Islands, British NVIDIA ARC GmbH
Germany NVIDIA Brasil Compu
tação Visual LimitadaBrazil NVIDIA Bulgaria EO
ODBulgaria NVIDIA Corporation
United States NV Computing Mexico S de R L de CV
Mexico NVIDIA Development France SAS
France NVIDIA Development UK Limited
United Kingdom NVIDIA Development, Inc.
Canada NVIDIA Dutch B.V.
Netherlands NVIDIA Entertainment Devices (Shanghai) Co., Ltd
China NVIDIA FZ-LLC
United Arab Emira tes43.EXHIBIT 21.1LIST OF REGISTRANT'S SUBSIDIARIES
NVIDIA GK
Japan NVIDIA GmbH
Germany NVIDIA Graphics Holding Company
Mauritius NVIDIA Graphics Private Limited
India NVIDIA Helsinki Oy
Finland NVIDIA Hong Kong Developmen
t LimitedHong Kong NVIDIA Hong Kong Holdings Li
mitedHong Kong NVIDIA International Holdings Inc.
United States NVIDIA International, Inc.
United States NVIDIA International Technology LLC
United States NVIDIA Israel Technologies Ltd (fka NVIDIA Israel Ltd)
Israel NVIDIA Italy S.r.l.
Italy NVIDIA Ltd.
United Kingdom NVIDIA New Zealand Limited
New Zealand NVIDIA Poland sp.z o.o
Poland NVIDIA Pty Limited
Australia NVIDIA Saudi Limited
Saudi Arabia NVIDIA Semiconductor (Shenzhen) Co., Ltd.
China NVIDIA Semiconducto
r Holding CompanyMauritius NVIDIA Semiconducto
r Shenzhen Holding CompanyMauritius NVIDIA Semiconductor Technical Service (Sh
anghai) Co., Ltd.China NVIDIA Semiconductor Technology (Bei
jing) Co., Ltd.China NVIDIA Semiconductor Technology (Sha
nghai) Co., Ltd.China NVIDIA Singapore Developmen
t Pte. Ltd.Singapore NVIDIA Singapore Pte
 LtdSingapore NVIDIA Switzerland AG
Switzerland NVIDIA Technical Service (Beijin
g) Co., Ltd.China NVIDIA Technology UK Limited
United Kingdom NVIDIA (Thailand) Ltd
Thailand Oski Technology Hungary Korlátolt Fele
lősségű TársaságHungary Oski Technology, Inc
United States Oski Technology Private Limited
India SwiftStack, Inc
United States VC Worldwide Ltd.
Virgin Islands, British EXHIBIT 23.1CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM
We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-3 (No. 333-237390) and For
m S‑ 8 (Nos. 333-74905,333-51520, 333-74868, 333-100010, 333-106191, 333-
114375, 333-123933, 333-132493, 333-140021, 333-143953, 333-181625, 333-185036, 333-188775, 333-196259, 333-211615, 333-229774, 333-237833, 333
-239164, 333-249570, and 333-259044) of NVIDIA Corporation of our report datedMarch 17, 2022 relating to the financial statements and financial statement schedule and the effectiveness of internal control over financial
reporting, which appears in this Form 10
‑ K./s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP
San Jose, California
March 17, 2022
  EXHIBIT 31.1CERTIFICATION
 
I, Jen-Hsun Huang, certify that:
 
1.  I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of NVIDIA Corporation;
2.
  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to makethe
 statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered bythis report;
 
3.
  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects thefinancial condition, results of operations a
nd cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
4. 
 The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined inExchange
 Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:  
(a)
 designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, toensure that material information relati
ng to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities,particularly during the period in whic
h this report is being prepared;(b)
 designed  such  internal  control  over  financial  reporting,  or  caused  such  internal  control  over  financial  reporting  to  be  designed  under  oursupervision,
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for externalpurposes in accordance
 with generally accepted accounting principles;(c)
 evaluated  the  effectiveness  of  the  registrant's  disclosure  controls  and  procedures  and  presented  in  this  report  our  conclusions  about  theeffectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the perio
d covered by this report based on such evaluation; and(d)
 disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recentfiscal
 quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materiallyaffect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and
5.
  The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, tothe registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equiva
lent functions):  (a)
 all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonablylikely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial informatio
n; and(b)
 any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal controlover financial reporting.
Date:  March 17, 2022
 
 
/s/ JEN-HSUN HUANG
Jen-Hsun Huang        
President and Chief Executive Officer 
EXHIBIT 31.2 
CERTIFICATION
 
I, Colette M. Kress, certify that:
1.  I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of NVIDIA Corporation;
 
2.
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to makethe
 statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered bythis report;
 
3.
  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects thefinancial condition, results of operations a
nd cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
4. 
 The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined inExchange
 Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:  
(a)
 designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, toensure that material information relati
ng to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities,particularly during the period in whic
h this report is being prepared;(b)
 designed  such  internal  control  over  financial  reporting,  or  caused  such  internal  control  over  financial  reporting  to  be  designed  under  oursupervision,
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for externalpurposes in accordance
 with generally accepted accounting principles;(c)
 evaluated  the  effectiveness  of  the  registrant's  disclosure  controls  and  procedures  and  presented  in  this  report  our  conclusions  about  theeffectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the perio
d covered by this report based on such evaluation; and(d)
 disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recentfiscal
 quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materiallyaffect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and
5.
  The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, tothe registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equiva
lent functions): 
(a)
 all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonablylikely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial informatio
n; and(b)
 any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal controlover financial reporting.
 Date:  March 17, 2022
 
/s/ COLETTE M. KRESS 
Colette M. Kress
Executive Vice President and Chi
ef Financial OfficerEXHIBIT 32.1 
CERTIFICATION 
 
Pursuant
 to the requirement set forth in Rule 13a-14(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”), and Section1350 of
 Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States Code (18 U.S.C. § 1350), Jen-Hsun Huang, the President and Chief Executive Officer of NVIDIACorporation (the “Company”), hereby certifies that, to the best of his knowledge:
1.
  The Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended January 30, 2022, to which this Certification is attached as Exhibit 32.1 (the“Periodic Report”), fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 1
5(d) of the Exchange Act; and2.
  The information contained in the Periodic Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition of the Company at the end of theperiod covered by the Periodic Report and resu
lts of operations of the Company for the period covered by the Periodic Report.Date:  March 17, 2022
 
 
/s/ JEN-HSUN HUANG
Jen-Hsun Huang    
President and Chief Executive Officer
 
 
A
 signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 of 18 U.S.C. § 1350 has been provided to NVIDIA Corporation and will beretained by NVIDIA Corporation and furnishe
d to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.  
This certificatio
n accompanies the Form 10-K to which it relates, is not deemed filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and is not tobe
 incorporated by reference into any filing of the Company under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act (whether madebefore or after the date of the Form 10-K), irrespective of any general incorporation languag
e contained in such filing.EXHIBIT 32.2 
CERTIFICATION
 
Pursuant
 to the requirement set forth in Rule 13a-14(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”), and Section1350 of
 Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States Code (18 U.S.C. § 1350), Colette M. Kress, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officerof NVIDIA Corporation (the “Company”), hereby certifies that, to the best of her knowledge:
1.
 The Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended January 30, 2022, to which this Certification is attached as Exhibit 32.2 (the“Periodic Report”), fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 1
5(d) of the Exchange Act; and2.
 The information contained in the Periodic Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition of the Company at the end of theperiod covered by the Periodic Report and resu
lts of operations of the Company for the period covered by the Periodic Report.Date:  March 17, 2022
 
/s/ COLETTE M. KRESS 
Colette M. Kress
Executive Vice President and Chi
ef Financial Officer   
 
A
 signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 of 18 U.S.C. § 1350 has been provided to NVIDIA Corporation and will beretained by NVIDIA Corporation and furnishe
d to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.  
This certificatio
n accompanies the Form 10-K to which it relates, is not deemed filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and is not tobe
 incorporated by reference into any filing of the Company under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act (whether madebefore or after the date of the Form 10-K), irrespective of any general incorporation languag
e contained in such filing.