Table of Contents  
 
UNITED STATES  
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  
Washington, D.C. 20549  
___________________________________________________ _________________________________________  
FORM 10-K  
OR  
Commission file number: 0-23985  
      
NVIDIA CORPORATION  
(Exact name of registrant as specified in its chart er)  
2701 San Tomas Expressway  
Santa Clara, California 95050  
(408) 486-2000  
(Address, including zip code, and telephone number,  including area code, of principal executive office s)  
Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:  
Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:  
None  
Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well- known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of th e Securities Act.    Yes /boxxmarkbld No /box3  
Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not req uired to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Sec tion 15(d) of the Act.     Yes /box3 No /boxxmarkbld  
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) h as filed all reports required to be filed by Sectio n 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 193 4 during the 
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period tha t the registrant was required to file such reports) , and (2) has been subject to such filing requireme nts for the past 
90 days.        Yes /boxxmarkbld No /box3  
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has s ubmitted electronically and posted on its corporate  Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File requ ired to be 
submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regula tion S-T (§232.405 of this chapter) during the prec eding 12 months (or for such shorter period that th e registrant 
was required to submit and post such files). Yes /boxxmarkbld No /box3  
Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K (§ 22 9.405 of this chapter) is not contained herein, and  will not be 
contained, to the best of registrant’s knowledge, i n definitive proxy or information statements incorp orated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K o r any 
amendment to this Form 10-K. /box3  
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a  large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a n on-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting compan y. See definitions 
of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer” a nd “smaller reporting company” in Rule 12b-2 of the  Exchange Act. (Check one) 
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act) .     Yes /box3 No /boxxmarkbld    
The aggregate market value of the voting stock held  by non-affiliates of the registrant as of July 25, 2014 wa s approximately $9.38 billion (based on the closing  sales 
price of the registrant's common stock as reported by the NASDAQ Global Select Market on July 25, 2014 ). This calculation excludes approximately 25,531,5 65 
shares held by directors and executive officers of the registrant. This calculation does not exclude s hares held by such organizations whose ownership ex ceeds 5% of 
the registrant's outstanding common stock that have  represented to the registrant that they are registered investment advisers or inv estment companies registered under 
section 8 of the Investment Company Act of 1940.  
 
The number of shares of common stock outstanding as  of March 6, 2015 was 549,840,211 .  
   
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE  
   
Portions of the registrant's Proxy Statement for it s 2015 Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be filed w ith the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant  to 
Regulation 14A not later than 120 days after the en d of the fiscal year covered by this Annual Report on Form 10- K are incorporated by reference into Part III, Item s 
10-14 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.  
 [x]  ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF TH E SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934  
   For the fiscal year ended January 25, 2015  
[_]  TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) O F THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934  
Delaware  94-3177549  
(State or other jurisdiction of  (I.R.S. Employer  
Incorporation or Organization)  Identification No.)  
Title of each class  Name of each exchange on which registered  
Common Stock, $0.001 par value per share  The NASDA Q Global Select Market  
Large accelerated filer                     Accelerated filer /box3                           
Non-accelerated filer /box3  (Do not check if a smaller reporting company)         Smaller reporting company /box3  Table of Contents  
 
NVIDIA CORPORATION  
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS  
 
 
2        Page  
      
PART I     
   
Item 1.     
Business    4 
   
Item 1A.     
Risk Factors    12 
   
Item 1B.     
Unresolved Staff Comments    19 
   
Item 2.     
Properties    20 
   
Item 3.     
Legal Proceedings    20 
   
Item 4.  Mine Safety Disclosures    20 
      
PART II    
   
Item 5.     
Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stoc kholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Secu rities    21 
   
Item 6.     
Selected Financial Data  25 
   
Item 7.     
Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial C ondition and Results of Operations    26 
   
Item 7A.     
Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Mark et Risk    41 
   
Item 8.     
Financial Statements and Supplementary Data    41 
   
Item 9.     
Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Ac counting and Financial Disclosure    41 
   
Item 9A.     
Controls and Procedures    42 
   
Item 9B.     
Other Information    42 
      
PART III    
   
Item 10.     
Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governa nce    43 
   
Item 11.     
Executive Compensation    43 
   
Item 12.     
Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and  Management and Related Stockholder Matters  44 
   
Item 13.     
Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and  Director Independence  44 
   
Item 14.     
Principal Accounting Fees and Services    44 
      
PART IV    
   
Item 15.     
Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules    45 
   
Signatures     
  91 Table of Contents  
 
WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION  
 
Investors and others should note that we announce material fin ancial information to our investors using our investor r elations 
website, press releases, SEC filings and public conference calls an d webcasts. We also use the following social media channels as a 
means of disclosing information about the company, our pro ducts, our planned financial and other announcements and attendance at 
upcoming investor and industry conferences, and other matters and for complying with our disclosure obligations under R egulation FD: 
   
NVIDIA Twitter Account (https://twitter.com/NVIDIA)  
 
NVIDIA Company Blog (http://blogs.nvidia.com/)  
   
NVIDIA Facebook Page (https://www.facebook.com/NVIDIA)  
   
NVIDIA LinkedIn Page (http://www.linkedin.com/company/nvi dia?trk=hb_tab_compy_id_3608)  
 
In addition, investors and others can use the Pulse news reader to subscribe to the NVIDIA Daily News feed and can view NVIDIA  
videos on YouTube.  
                
The information we post through these social media channels may  be deemed material. Accordingly, investors should monitor these 
accounts and the blog, in addition to following our press releases, SEC filings and public conference calls and webcasts. Thi s list may 
be updated from time to time. The information we post throu gh these channels is not a part of this annual report on For m 10-K. These 
channels may be updated from time to time on NVIDIA's invest or relations website.  
 
Forward-Looking Statements  
 
This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward- looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of th e Securities Act of 
1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange A ct of 1934, as amended, which are subject to the “safe harb or”
created by those sections. Forward- looking statements are based on our management's beliefs and  assumptions and on information 
currently available to our management. In some cases, you can i dentify forward-looking statements by terms such as “may,” “ will,”
“should,” “could,” “goal,” “would,” “expect,” “plan,” “ anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “project,” “predict,” “poten tial” and 
similar expressions intended to identify forward- looking statements. These statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties 
and other factors, which may cause our actual results, perfo rmance, time frames or achievements to be materially different from any 
future results, performance, time frames or achievements expressed  or implied by the forward -looking statements. We discuss many of 
these risks, uncertainties and other factors in this Annua l Report on Form 10-K in greater detail under the headi ng “Risk Factors.”
Given these risks, uncertainties and other factors, you shoul d not place undue reliance on these forward- looking statements. Also, these 
forward -looking statements represent our estimates and assumptions only as of the date of this filing. You should read thi s Annual 
Report on Form 10 -K completely and with the understanding that our actual fu ture results may be materially different from what we 
expect. We hereby qualify our forward- looking statements by these cautionary statements. Except as required by law, we assume no 
obligation to update these forward- looking statements publicly, or to update the reasons actual  results could differ materially from 
those anticipated in these forward-looking statements, even i f new information becomes available in the future.  
 
All references to “NVIDIA,” “we,” “us,” “our” or the “Comp any” mean NVIDIA Corporation and its subsidiaries, except where 
it is made clear that the term means only the parent company.  
 
© 2015 NVIDIA Corporation. All rights reserved. NVIDIA, t he NVIDIA logo, GeForce, Quadro, Tegra, Tesla, CUDA, GTX,  
ICERA, Kepler, Maxwell, Pascal, NVIDIA SHIELD, NVIDIA DR IVE, NVIDIA GRID, NVLink and Pascal are trademarks and/o r 
registered trademarks of NVIDIA Corporation in the U.S. a nd other countries. Other company and product names may be trademarks 
of the respective companies with which they are associated.  
 
 
3  Table of Contents  
 
PART I  
   
ITEM 1. BUSINESS  
 
Our Company  
 
NVIDIA is dedicated to advancing visual computing. We enable individuals to interact with digital idea s, data and entertainment with an ease 
and efficiency unmatched by any other communication  medium.  
 
Our business model has three elements: creating NVI DIA-branded products and services, offering our process ors to original equipment 
manufacturers, or OEMs, and licensing our intellect ual property. NVIDIA- branded products and services are visual computing platforms that address 
four large markets: Gaming, Enterprise, High Perfor mance Computing (HPC) & Cloud, and Automotive.  
 
From our inception, we have been known for bringing  computer information to life through computer grap hics. Our invention of the GPU 
introduced the world to the power of programmable g raphics. Our subsequent invention of CUDA has enabl ed the massively parallel processing 
capabilities of GPUs to be harnessed to accelerate general purpose computing. We have invested more th an $10 billion in research and development 
since our inception, yielding some 7,000 patent ass ets, including inventions essential to modern compu ting.  
 
NVIDIA GPUs are chosen by gamers to enjoy immersive , beautiful fantasy worlds. They are used by profes sional designers to create visual 
effects in movies and design products ranging from soft drink bottles to commercial aircraft. And they  are used by scientists and researchers to 
accelerate a wide range of important applications, from simulations of viruses to deep learning and gl obal oil exploration.  
 
GPUs, the engines of visual computing, are among th e world's most complex processors. Our GPU product brands aimed at specialized markets 
include GeForce for gamers; Quadro for designers; T esla for researchers, deep learning and big-data an alysts; and GRID for cloud- based visual 
computing users.  
 
We also integrate our GPUs into tiny mobile chips c alled system-on-a- chip (SOC) processors, which power tablets, and aut omotive infotainment 
and safety systems. Our Tegra brand integrates an e ntire computer onto a single chip, incorporating GP Us and multi- core CPUs with audio, video 
and input/output capabilities. They can also be int egrated with baseband processors to add voice and d ata communication. Tegra conserves power 
while delivering state-of-the-art graphics and mult imedia processing.  
 
Headquartered in Santa Clara, California, NVIDIA wa s incorporated in California in April 1993 and rein corporated in Delaware in April 1998.  
 
4  Table of Contents  
 
Our Businesses  
 
Our two reporting segments - GPU and Tegra Processo r - are based on a single underlying graphics architec ture. From our proprietary 
processors, we have created platforms that address four large markets where our visual computing exper tise is critically important: Gaming, 
Enterprise, HPC & Cloud, and Automotive.  
 
Our Markets  
 
We focus on specializing in markets in which visual  computing and accelerated computing platforms are important, including:  
 
Gaming  
 
By focusing on open platforms and end-to-end experi ences, we bring high fidelity and quality to gaming  devices.  
 
Our GPUs enhance the gaming experience by improving  the visual quality of graphics, increasing the fra me rate for smoother gameplay and 
improving realism by replicating the behavior of li ght and physical objects. These can be enjoyed inde pendently or together to extend the gaming 
experience across platforms.  
 
Our gaming platforms utilize sophisticated 3D softw are and algorithms - including our GameWorks invest ment in real- time graphics and 
simulation. These enable us to deliver realism and immersion, even when playing games remotely from th e cloud. We further enhance gaming with 
GeForce Experience, our application for the gaming ecosystem that optimizes the PC user’ s settings for each title and enables players to re cord and 
share their victories. It has been downloaded by mo re than 50 million users.  
 
Our products for the gaming market include GeForce GTX GPUs for PC gaming, the SHIELD family of tablet  and portable devices for mobile 
gaming, and GRID for cloud-based streaming on gamin g devices.  
 
Enterprise  
 
We serve the Enterprise market by working closely w ith independent software vendors to optimize their offerings for NVIDIA GPUs. Our visual 
computing solutions enhance productivity for critic al parts of the workflow of such major industries a s automotive, media and entertainment, oil and 
gas, and medical imaging - where our GPUs improve productivity and introduce n ew capabilities. For example, an architect designin g a building with 
a computer- aided design package can interact with the model in  real time, view the model in greater detail, and g enerate photorealistic renderings for 
the client.  
 
 
5  Businesses        NVIDIA Visual Computing Platforms and Brands  
        
GPU     ·  GeForce  for PC gaming  
      ·  Quadro  for design professionals working in computer- aided design, video editing, special effects and ot her 
creative applications  
      ·  Tesla  for deep learning and accelerated computing, lever aging the parallel computing capabilities of GPUs f or 
general purpose computing  
      ·  GRID  to provide the power of NVIDIA graphics through th e cloud and datacenters  
        
Tegra Processor  
   ·  Tegra  processors are primarily designed to enable our br anded platforms -  DRIVE and SHIELD. Tegra is also 
sold to OEMs for devices where graphics and overall  performance is of great importance  
      ·  DRIVE  automotive computers that provide supercomputing c apabilities to make driving safer and more 
enjoyable  
      ·  SHIELD  composed of a family of devices designed to harnes s the power of mobile- cloud to revolutionize 
gaming  Table of Contents  
 
Visual computing is vital to productivity in many e nvironments:  
 
 
 
 
NVIDIA brands for this market are Quadro GPUs for w orkstations and GRID for virtualizing enterprise gr aphics. Quadro GPUs enhance the 
productivity of designers by improving performance and adding functionality, such as photorealistic re ndering, high color fidelity and advanced 
scalable display capabilities. GRID makes it possib le to run graphics- intensive applications remotely on a server in the datacenter, instead of locally 
on a PC or workstation. Applications include accele rating virtual desktop infrastructures and deliveri ng graphics- intensive applications from the 
cloud.  
 
HPC & Cloud  
 
The NVIDIA Tesla accelerated computing platform app lies the parallel-processing capability of GPUs and  enabling software to general- purpose 
computing problems, greatly increasing performance and power efficiency over CPU-only solutions. Tesla -based servers and supercomputers 
increase the speed of applications used in such fie lds as aerospace, bio- science research, mechanical and fluid simulations,  energy exploration, deep 
learning, computational finance and data analytics.   
 
The fastest supercomputers in the U.S. and in Europ e are powered by Tesla GPU accelerators. The U.S. D epartment of Energy recently 
announced that its next generation of supercomputer s will be based on Tesla GPU accelerators.  
 
Tesla has had a significant impact on scientific di scovery, ranging from better understanding the HIV virus to enabling heart surgery on beating 
hearts. Consumer web and mobile companies like Chin a’s Baidu use Tesla GPU accelerators to provide voice  assistants, translation services and 
image analytics.  
 
Automotive  
 
As technology gets increasingly important in the au tomotive market, the car is on its way to becoming each individual’ s most powerful 
computer. Cars will feature a multitude of devices,  driven by sophisticated software algorithms. These  devices are designed to ensure our safety and 
the safety of those around us, enhance our comfort and enjoyment, and search and navigate. They will u se the tools of deep learning to sense their 
environment, ultimately driving themselves.  
 
NVIDIA has the potential to own the entire stack of  technology that makes this possible, including com puting vision, deep learning and natural-
language processing.  
 
Beyond Automotive, we see the opportunity for Tegra  in other embedded areas where visual computing is valued. Examples include robots that 
respond to voice and gesture commands, drones that process enormous amounts of visual- based data and smart monitors powered by Android th at 
make a PC optional.  
 
Business Strategies  
 
NVIDIA ’s key strategies that shape our overall business a pproach include:  
 
Extending our technology leadership in visual compu ting. We believe that visual computing is fundamental to the continued expansion 
and evolution of computing. We apply our research a nd development resources to extending our leadershi p in visual computing, enabling us 
to enhance the user experience for consumer enterta inment and professional visualization applications.   
 
 
6  •  Design and Manufacturing  - including computer-aided design, architectural d esign, consumer- products manufacturing, medical 
instrumentation and aerospace  
•  Digital Content Creation  - including professional video editing and post pr oduction, special effects for films and broadcast- television 
graphics  
•  Enterprise Graphics Virtualization - including enterprises that virtualize their IT infr astructure using software from companies such 
as VMware, Inc. and Citrix Systems, Inc., which are  significantly improved by NVIDIA GRID hardware and  software  Table of Contents  
 
Extending our visual computing leadership into mobi le and cloud-computing platforms. We believe that visual computing will remain a 
key component in the computing paradigm circumscrib ed by mobile, cloud and software as a service. We e nable interactive graphics 
applications - such as games, movie and photo editi ng and design software - to be accessed by any device, anywhere. We believe that the 
user experience in virtual desktop infrastructures should be indistinguishable from physical environme nts and, accordingly, leverage our 
research and development resources to create differ entiated devices and products that deliver this cap ability.  
 
Revolutionizing computing with the GPU’s parallel p rocessing capability. We believe that the massively parallel processing c apabilities of 
NVIDIA GPUs can solve complex computational problem s in significantly less time and with less power co nsumption than a CPU. We 
work with developers worldwide who write programs f or the CUDA platform using various high- level programming languages. Developers 
are able to accelerate applications in areas rangin g from molecular dynamics to image processing, deri vatives modeling for financial risk 
analysis and big-data analytics.  
 
Protecting our intellectual property, and using it to enter into license and development contracts. We believe our intellectual property 
portfolio is a valuable asset that can be monetized  by licensing our technology to customers that desi re to build such capabilities directly into 
their own products. Such license and development ar rangements can further enhance the reach of our gra phics and mobile technology.  
 
Enabling visual computing platforms in key focus ar eas. We believe that we are well positioned to use our e xpertise in visual and parallel 
computing to make contributions in four key markets  where our visual computing expertise is valued:  
 
- Gaming : Our strategy is to use advanced graphics technologi es to create a range of gaming platforms, stretchin g across PCs, 
mobile devices and the cloud.  
- Enterprise : Our strategy is to serve as our customers' most t rusted graphics partner, working closely with indep endent software 
vendors to optimize their offerings for NVIDIA GPUs .  
- HPC & Cloud : Our strategy is to serve growing demand for deep le arning, big-data analytics and scientific computing .  
- Automotive : Our strategy is to utilize Tegra’ s visual computing capabilities and extreme efficie ncy, as well as our significant 
computing software assets, to augment the driving e xperience.  
Sales and Marketing  
 
Our worldwide sales and marketing strategy is key t o our objective of providing markets with our high- performance and efficient GPUs and 
mobile SOC products. Our sales and marketing teams work closely with each industry's respective OEMs, original design manufacturers, or ODMs, 
system builders, motherboard manufacturers, add- in board manufacturers, or AIBs, retailers/distribu tors and industry trendsetters, collectively 
referred to as our Channel, to define product featu res, performance, price and timing of new products.  Members of our sales team have a high level of 
technical expertise and product and industry knowle dge to support the competitive and complex design w in process. We also employ a highly skilled 
team of application engineers to assist our Channel  in designing, testing and qualifying system design s that incorporate our products. We believe that 
the depth and quality of our design support are key s to improving our Channel's time-to- market, maintaining a high level of customer satisf action 
within our Channel and fostering relationships that  encourage customers to use the next generation of our products.  
 
As a result of our Channel strategy, a small number  of our customers represent the majority of our rev enue. However, their end customers 
consist of a large number of OEMs and system builde rs throughout the world. Sales to our largest custo mer accounted for 11% of our total revenue 
for fiscal year 2015.   
 
Additionally, to encourage software title developer s and publishers to develop games optimized for pla tforms utilizing our products and 
enterprise applications optimized for our GPUs, we seek to establish and maintain strong relationships  in the software development community. 
Engineering and marketing personnel interact with a nd visit key software developers to promote and dis cuss our products, as well as to ascertain 
product requirements and solve technical problems. Our developer program makes certain that our produc ts are available to developers prior to 
volume availability in order to encourage the devel opment of software applications and game titles tha t are optimized for our products.  
 
 
7  Table of Contents  
 
Backlog  
 
Our sales are primarily made pursuant to standard p urchase orders. The quantity of products purchased by our customers as well as our shipment 
schedules are subject to revisions that reflect cha nges in both the customers' requirements and in man ufacturing availability. The semiconductor 
industry is characterized by short lead time orders  and quick delivery schedules. In light of industry  practice and experience, we believe that only a 
small portion of our backlog is non-cancelable and that the dollar amount associated with the non-canc elable portion is not significant.  
 
Seasonality  
 
Our GPU and Tegra processor products serve many mar kets from consumer PC gaming to enterprise workstat ions to government and service 
provider cloud datacenters; however, a majority of our revenue is consumer focused. Our consumer produ cts have typically seen stronger revenue in 
the second half of our fiscal year. However, there can be no assurance that this trend will continue.  
 
Manufacturing  
 
We do not directly manufacture semiconductor wafers  used for our products. Instead, we utilize what is  known as a fabless manufacturing 
strategy for all of our product-line operating segm ents whereby we employ world- class suppliers for all phases of the manufacturing  process, 
including wafer fabrication, assembly, testing and packaging. This strategy uses the expertise of indu stry-leading suppliers that are certified by the 
International Organization for Standardization in s uch areas as fabrication, assembly, quality control  and assurance, reliability and testing. In 
addition, this strategy allows us to avoid many of the significant costs and risks associated with own ing and operating manufacturing operations. Our 
suppliers are also responsible for procurement of m ost of the raw materials used in the production of our products. As a result, we can focus our 
resources on product design, additional quality ass urance, marketing and customer support.  
 
We utilize industry- leading suppliers, such as Taiwan Semiconductor Man ufacturing Company Limited and Samsung Electronics Co. Ltd, to 
produce our semiconductor wafers. We then utilize i ndependent subcontractors, such as Advanced Semicon ductor Engineering, Inc., BYD Auto Co. 
Ltd., Hon Hai Precision Industry Co., Ltd., JSI Log istics Ltd., King Yuan Electronics Co., Ltd. and Si liconware Precision Industries Company Ltd. to 
perform assembly, testing and packaging of most of our products. We purchase substrates from IbidenCo. , Ltd., Nanya Technology Corporation, and 
Unimicron Technology Corporation.  
 
We typically receive semiconductor products from ou r subcontractors, perform incoming quality assuranc e and then ship the semiconductors to 
contract equipment manufacturers, or CEMs, distribu tors, motherboard and AIB customers from our third- party warehouse in Hong Kong. Generally, 
these manufacturers assemble and test the boards ba sed on our design kit and test specifications, and then ship our products to retailers, system 
builders or OEMs as motherboard and add-in board so lutions.  
 
Working Capital  
   
We focus considerable attention on managing our inv entories and other working-capital- related items. We manage inventories by 
communicating with our customers and then using our  industry experience to forecast demand on a produc t-by-product basis. We then place 
manufacturing orders for our products that are base d on forecasted demand. The quantity of products ac tually purchased by our customers as well as 
shipment schedules are subject to revisions that re flect changes in both the customers' requirements a nd in manufacturing availability. We generally 
maintain substantial inventories of our products be cause the semiconductor industry is characterized b y short lead time orders and quick delivery 
schedules. A substantial amount of our inventories are maintained as semi- finished products that can be leveraged across a wi de range of our 
processors to balance our customer demands.  
 
Our existing cash and marketable securities balance s decreased by 1.0% to $4.62 billion at the end of fiscal year 2015 compared with the end of 
fiscal year 2014. We believe that these balances an d our anticipated cash flows from operations will b e sufficient to meet our operating, acquisition, 
capital purchases and intended capital return to sh areholders needs for at least the next twelve month s.  
   
 
8  Table of Contents  
 
Research and Development  
   
We believe that the continued introduction of new a nd enhanced products designed to deliver leading vi sual computing technology including 3D 
graphics, HD video, audio, ultra- low power consumption and SOC architectures is esse ntial to our future success. Our research and devel opment 
strategy is to focus on concurrently developing mul tiple generations of GPUs and Tegra Processors, inc luding GPUs for high- performance 
computing, and Tegra SOCs for SHIELD and other mobi le products using independent design teams. Our res earch and development efforts are 
performed within specialized groups consisting of s oftware engineering, hardware engineering, very lar ge scale integration design engineering, 
process engineering, architecture and algorithms. T hese groups act as a pipeline designed to allow the  efficient simultaneous development of multiple 
generations of products.  
   
A critical component of our product development eff ort is our partnerships with leaders in the compute r-aided design industry. We invest 
significant resources in the development of relatio nships with industry leaders, often assisting these  companies in the product definition of their new 
products. We believe that forming these relationshi ps and utilizing next- generation development tools to design, simulate an d verify our products will 
help us remain at the forefront of the 3D graphics market and develop products that utilize leading- edge technology on a rapid basis. We believe this 
approach assists us in meeting the new design sched ules of PC OEMs and other manufacturers. We believe  in leveraging our significant research and 
development depth and scale to create differentiate d products.  
   
As of January 25, 2015 , we had 6,658 full-time emp loyees engaged in research and development. During fiscal years 2015 , 2014 and 2013, we 
incurred research and development expense of $ 1.36  billion , $1.34 billion and $ 1.15 billion , respe ctively.  
 
Competition  
   
The market for our products is intensely competitiv e and is characterized by rapid technological chang e, evolving industry standards and 
declining average selling prices. We believe that t he principal competitive factors in this market are  performance, breadth of product offerings, access 
to customers and distribution channels, software su pport, conformity to industry standard Application Programming Interfaces, manufacturing 
capabilities, processor pricing and total system co sts. We believe that our ability to remain competit ive will depend on how well we are able to 
anticipate the features and functions that customer s will demand and whether we are able to deliver co nsistent volumes of our products at acceptable 
levels of quality and at competitive prices. We exp ect competition to increase from both existing comp etitors and new market entrants with products 
that may be less costly than ours, or may provide b etter performance or additional features not provid ed by our products. In addition, it is possible 
that new competitors or alliances among competitors  could emerge and acquire significant market share .  
 
A significant source of competition comes from comp anies that provide or intend to provide GPUs and mo bile SOC products. Some of our 
competitors may have greater marketing, financial, distribution and manufacturing resources than we do  and may be more able to adapt to customer 
or technological changes.  
   
Our current competitors include:  
 
 
 
 
 
9  •  suppliers of discrete and integrated GPUs, includin g supercomputers and chipsets that incorporate 3D g raphics functionality as part of their 
existing solutions, such as Advanced Micro Devices,  or AMD, and Intel Corporation, or Intel;  
•  suppliers of SOC products that are embedded into  smart devices such as televisions, monitors, set- top boxes, gaming devices and 
automobiles, such as AMD, Apple, Inc., Freescale Se miconductor, Inc., Fuzhou Rockchip Electronics Co.,  Ltd., Intel, Marvell Technology 
Group Ltd., Mediatek, Mobileye N.V., Qualcomm Incor porated, Samsung, ST Microelectronics, and Texas In struments Incorporated; and  
•  licensors of graphics technologies, such as ARM Hol dings plc, or ARM, and Imagination Technologies Gro up plc. Table of Contents  
 
Patents and Proprietary Rights  
 
We rely primarily on a combination of patents, trad emarks, trade secrets, employee and third- party nondisclosure agreements and licensing 
arrangements to protect our intellectual property i n the United States and internationally. Our curren tly issued patents have expiration dates from 
April 2015 to December 2034. We have numerous paten ts issued, allowed and pending in the United States  and in foreign jurisdictions. Our patents 
and pending patent applications primarily relate to  our products and the technology used in connection  with our products. We also rely on 
international treaties, organizations and foreign l aws to protect our intellectual property. The laws of certain foreign countries in which our products 
are or may be manufactured or sold, including vario us countries in Asia, may not protect our products or intellectual property rights to the same 
extent as the laws of the United States. This decre ased protection makes the possibility of piracy of our technology and products more likely. We 
continuously assess whether and where to seek forma l protection for particular innovations and technol ogies based on such factors as:  
 
 
 
 
 
We have also licensed technology from third parties  for incorporation in some of our products and for defensive reasons, and expect to continue 
to enter into such license agreements.  
 
Employees  
   
As of January 25, 2015 , we had 9,228 employees, 6, 658 of whom were engaged in research and developmen t and 2,570 of whom were engaged 
in sales, marketing, operations and administrative positions.  
 
Environmental Regulatory Compliance  
 
To date, we have not incurred significant expenses related to environmental regulatory compliance matt ers.  
 
Financial Information by Reporting Segment and Geog raphic Data  
 
The information included in Note 16 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statemen ts in Part IV, Item 15 of this Annual Report on For m 
10-K, including financial information by reporting segment and revenue and long- lived assets by geographic region, is hereby incorp orated by 
reference. For additional detail regarding the risk s attendant to our foreign operations see “Item 1A.  Risk Factors - Risks Related to Our Business, 
Industry and Partners - We are subject to risks and uncertainties associate d with international operations which may harm our business. ”  
 
Executive Officers of the Registrant  
 
The following sets forth certain information regard ing our executive officers, their ages and position s as of March 6, 2015 :  
   
Jen-Hsun Huang co-founded NVIDIA in April 1993 and has served as its President, Chief Executive Officer and a member of the Board of 
Directors since its inception. From 1985 to 1993, M r. Huang was employed at LSI Logic Corporation, a c omputer chip manufacturer, where he held a 
variety of positions including as Director of Corew are, the business unit responsible for LSI's “syste m-on-chip”. From 1983 to 1985, Mr. Huang was 
a microprocessor designer for Advanced Micro Device s, Inc., a semiconductor company. Mr. Huang holds a  B.S.E.E. degree from Oregon State 
University and an M.S.E.E. degree from Stanford Uni versity.  
 
10  •  the location in which our products are manufactured ; 
•  our strategic technology or product directions in d ifferent countries; 
•  the degree to which intellectual property laws exis t and are meaningfully enforced in different jurisd ictions; and 
•  the commercial significance of our operations and o ur competitors' operations in particular countries and regions. 
Name    Age    Position  
Jen-Hsun Huang    52    President, Chief Executive Officer and Director  
Colette M. Kress    47    Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Office r  
Ajay K. Puri    60    Executive Vice President, Worldwide Field Operation s  
David M. Shannon    59    Executive Vice President, Chief Administrative Offi cer and Secretary  
Debora Shoquist    60    Executive Vice President, Operations  Table of Contents  
 
 
Colette M. Kress joined NVIDIA in September 2013 as Executive Vice P resident and Chief Financial Officer. Prior to NVID IA, Ms. Kress most 
recently served as Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Business Technology and Op erations Finance organization at Cisco 
Systems, Inc., a networking equipment company, sinc e 2010. At Cisco, Ms. Kress was responsible for fin ancial strategy, planning, reporting and 
business development for all business segments, eng ineering and operations. From 1997 to 2010 Ms. Kres s held a variety of positions at Microsoft 
Corporation, a software company, including, beginni ng in 2006, Chief Financial Officer of the Server a nd Tools division, where Ms. Kress was 
responsible for financial strategy, planning, repor ting and business development for the division. Pri or to joining Microsoft, Ms. Kress spent eight 
years at Texas Instruments Incorporated, a semicond uctor company, where she held a variety of finance positions. Ms. Kress holds a B.S. degree in 
Finance from University of Arizona and an M.B.A. de gree from Southern Methodist University.  
 
Ajay K. Puri joined NVIDIA in December 2005 as Senior Vice Presi dent, Worldwide Sales and became Executive Vice Pre sident, Worldwide 
Sales (subsequently renamed to Worldwide Field Oper ations) in January 2009. Prior to NVIDIA, he held p ositions in sales, marketing, and general 
management over a 22- year career at Sun Microsystems, Inc., a computing systems company. Mr. Puri previously held marketing , management 
consulting, and product development positions at He wlett-Packard Company, an information technology company,  Booz Allen Hamilton Inc., a 
management and technology consulting company, and T exas Instruments. Mr. Puri holds a B.S.E.E. degree from the University of Minnesota, an 
M.S.E.E. degree from the California Institute of Te chnology and an M.B.A. degree from Harvard Business  School.  
   
David M. Shannon serves as Executive Vice President, Chief Administr ative Officer and Secretary of NVIDIA. In this role , he is responsible for 
NVIDIA ’s legal and human resources functions, as well as i ntellectual property licensing. Mr. Shannon joined NVIDIA in August 2002 as Vice 
President and General Counsel. Mr. Shannon became S ecretary of NVIDIA in April 2005, a Senior Vice Pre sident in December 2005 and an 
Executive Vice President in January 2009. In Januar y 2013, Mr. Shannon also became the head of Human R esources. Mr. Shannon was promoted to 
the role of Chief Administrative Officer in January  2014. From 1993 to 2002, Mr. Shannon held various counsel positions at Intel, most recently the 
position of Vice President and Assistant General Co unsel. Mr. Shannon also practiced for eight years i n the law firm of Gibson Dunn and Crutcher, 
focusing on complex commercial and high-technology related litigation. Mr. Shannon holds B.A. and J.D.  degrees from Pepperdine University.  
   
Debora Shoquist joined NVIDIA in September 2007 as Senior Vice Pres ident of Operations and became Executive Vice Presi dent of Operations 
in January 2009. From 2004 to 2007, Ms. Shoquist se rved as Executive Vice President of Operations at J DS Uniphase Corporation, a provider of 
communications test and measurement solutions and o ptical products for the telecommunications industry . From 2002 to 2004, Ms. Shoquist served 
as Senior Vice President and General Manager of the  Electro-Optics business at Coherent, Inc., a manufacturer o f commercial and scientific laser 
equipment. Ms. Shoquist’ s experience includes her role at Quantum Corporati on, a data protection company, as the President of the Personal 
Computer Hard Disk Drive Division. Ms. Shoquist’s e xperience also includes senior roles at Hewlett- Packard. Ms. Shoquist holds a B.S. degree in 
Electrical Engineering from Kansas State University  and a B.S. degree in Biology from Santa Clara Univ ersity.  
 
Available Information  
   
Our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8- K and, if applicable, amendments to those reports 
filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) of the  Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, are a vailable free of charge on or through our web 
site, http://www.nvidia.com , as soon as reasonably practicable after we electr onically file such material with, or furnish it to,  the Securities and 
Exchange Commission, or the SEC. Our web site and t he information on it or connected to it are not a p art of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.  
 
11  Table of Contents  
 
ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS  
 
In evaluating NVIDIA and our business, the followin g factors should be considered in addition to the o ther information in this Annual Report on 
Form 10 -K. Before you buy our common stock, you should know  that making such an investment involves risks incl uding, but not limited to, the risks 
described below. Any one of the following risks cou ld harm our business, financial condition and resul ts of operations, which could cause our stock 
price to decline. Additional risks, trends and unce rtainties not presently known to us or that we curr ently deem immaterial may also harm our 
business.  
 
Risks Related to Our Business, Industry and Partner s  
 
If we are unable to successfully compete in our tar get markets, our revenue and financial results will  be adversely impacted .  
 
NVIDIA- branded products and services are visual computing platforms that address four large markets: Gaming, Enterprise, High Performance 
Computing & Cloud, and Automotive. Our GPUs and Teg ra processors are designed to meet the evolving nee ds of these markets; however, these 
markets remain extremely competitive, and we expect  competition to intensify as current competitors ex pand their product and/or service offerings, 
industry standards continue to evolve and new compe titors enter these markets. Our success depends to a significant extent on our ability to identify 
and develop new products, services and technologies , and enhancements to our existing products, servic es and technologies, in a timely and cost-
effective manner and to achieve consumer and market  acceptance of our products, services and technolog ies.  
 
If we are unable to successfully compete in our tar get markets, including in significant international  markets, such as China, demand for our 
products, services and technologies could decrease which would cause our revenue to decline and our fi nancial results to suffer. In addition, if we fail 
to anticipate the changing needs of our target mark ets and emerging technology trends, our business wi ll be harmed.   
 
Our competitors’ products, services and technologies may be less cos tly, or their products, services and technologies m ay offer superior 
functionality or different features than ours. In a ddition, many of our competitors operate and mainta in their own fabrication facilities and have 
longer operating histories, greater name recognitio n, larger customer bases, and greater financial, sa les, marketing and distribution resources than we 
do. These competitors may be able to more effective ly identify and capitalize upon opportunities in ne w markets, quickly transition their 
semiconductor products to increasingly smaller line  width geometries and obtain sufficient foundry cap acity and packaging materials, which could 
harm our business.  
 
If we fail to achieve design wins for our products our business will be harmed.  
 
For our products that we do not sell directly to co nsumers, achieving design wins is an integral part of our future success. Our OEM, ODM, and 
AIB and motherboard manufacturers' customers typica lly introduce new system configurations as often as  twice per year, typically based on spring 
and fall design cycles or in connection with trade shows. If OEMs, ODMs, and AIB and motherboard manuf acturers do not include our products in 
their systems, they will typically not use our prod ucts in their systems until at least the next desig n configuration. In order to achieve design wins, w e 
must:  
 
 
In general, we are limited in our ability to introd uce new products and enhancements to our customers'  design cycles and we must maintain 
compliance with evolving industry standards. Unanti cipated changes in industry standards could render our products incompatible with products 
developed by major hardware manufacturers and softw are developers. If our products are not in complian ce with prevailing industry standards, our 
customers may not incorporate our products into the ir design strategies.  
 
 
12  •  anticipate the features and functionality that cust omers and consumers will demand; 
•  incorporate those features and functionalities into  products that meet the exacting design requirement s of our customers; and 
•  price our products competitively. Table of Contents  
 
If our intellectual property licensing strategy is not successful, our licensing revenues may decline.   
 
We intend to license our GPU cores and visual compu ting patent portfolio to device manufacturers who o ffer products in markets such as 
mobile. The extent of the demand to license our GPU  cores or other elements of our visual computing pa tent portfolio is unknown and may be 
limited. In addition, we may not be able to renew o ur existing license agreements. In January 2011, we  entered into a patent cross licensing 
agreement under which Intel agreed to pay us an agg regate of $1.50 billion over six years. The final $ 200.0 million payment under this agreement is 
scheduled to be received in January 2016, and recog nized as revenue into the first quarter of fiscal y ear 2018. If we are unable to enter into new 
licensing agreements or renew our existing agreemen ts, and these agreements are not offset by other gr owth in income, our financial results may be 
adversely affected.  
 
If our products contain significant defects, we cou ld incur significant expenses to remediate such def ects, our reputation could be damaged and 
we could lose market share.  
 
Our products are complex and may contain defects or  experience failures or unsatisfactory performance due to any number of issues in design, 
fabrication, packaging, materials and/or use within  a system. Our products are used by a variety of in dustries, including the automotive industry. 
Failure of our products to perform to specification s, or other product defects, could lead to substant ial damage to the products we sell directly to 
customers, the end product in which our device has been integrated by OEMs, ODMs, AIBs and Tier 1 auto motive suppliers, and to the user of such 
end product. Any such defect may cause us to incur significant warranty, support and repair or replace ment costs, cause us to lose market share, and 
divert the attention of our engineering personnel f rom our product development efforts to find and cor rect the issue. In addition, an error or defect in 
new products or releases or related software driver s after commencement of commercial shipments could result in failure to achieve market 
acceptance or loss of design wins and harm our rela tionships with customers. Also, we may be required to reimburse customers, including our 
customers' costs to repair or replace products in t he field. A product recall, particularly an automot ive recall, or a significant number of product 
returns could be expensive, could damage our reputa tion, could result in the shifting of business to o ur competitors and could result in litigation 
against us such as product liability suits. If a pr oduct liability claim is brought against us, the co st of defending the claim could be significant and 
would divert the efforts of our technical and manag ement personnel, and harm our business.  
 
System security and data protection breaches, as we ll as cyber- attacks, could disrupt our operations, reduce our e xpected revenue and increase 
our expenses, which could adversely affect our stoc k price and damage our reputation.  
 
Security breaches, computer malware and cyber- attacks have become more prevalent and sophisticate d in recent years. These attacks have 
occurred on our systems in the past and may occur i n the future. Experienced computer programmers, hac kers and employees may be able to 
penetrate our security controls and misappropriate or compromise our confidential information, or that  of our employees or third parties. These 
attacks may create system disruptions or cause shut downs. These hackers may also develop and deploy vi ruses, worms and other malicious software 
programs that attack or otherwise exploit security vulnerabilities in our products. For portions of ou r IT infrastructure, including business 
management and communication software products, we rely on products and services provided by third par ties. These providers may also experience 
breaches and attacks to their products which may im pact our systems. Data security breaches may also r esult from non- technical means, such as 
actions by an employee with access to our systems.  
   
Actual or perceived breaches of our security measur es or the accidental loss, inadvertent disclosure o r unapproved dissemination of proprietary 
information or sensitive or confidential data about  us, our partners, our customers or third parties c ould expose us, our partners, our customers, third 
parties or the individuals affected, to a risk of l oss or misuse of this information, resulting in lit igation and potential liability, damage to our bran d and 
reputation or other harm to our business. Our effor ts to prevent and overcome these challenges could i ncrease our expenses and may not be 
successful. We may experience interruptions, delays , cessation of service and loss of existing or pote ntial customers. Such disruptions could 
adversely impact our ability to fulfill orders and interrupt other critical functions. Delayed sales, lower margins or lost customers as a result of thes e 
disruptions could adversely affect our financial re sults, stock price and reputation.  
 
 
13  Table of Contents  
 
We depend on third parties and their technology to manufacture, assemble, test and/or package our prod ucts, which reduces our control over 
product quantity and quality, development, enhancem ent and product delivery schedule and could harm ou r business .  
 
We do not manufacture the silicon wafers used for o ur GPUs and Tegra processors and do not own or oper ate a wafer fabrication facility. 
Instead, we are dependent on industry- leading foundries, such as Taiwan Semiconductor Man ufacturing Company Limited and Samsung Electronics 
Co. Ltd., to manufacture our semiconductor wafers u sing their fabrication equipment and techniques. Si milarly, we do not assemble, test or package 
our products, but instead rely on independent subco ntractors, such as Advanced Semiconductor Engineeri ng, Inc., BYD Auto Co., Ltd., Hon Hai 
Precision Industry Co., Ltd., JSI Logistics, Ltd., King Yuan Electronics Co. and Siliconware Precision  Industries Co. Ltd. We do not have long- term 
commitment contracts with these foundries or subcon tractors. As a result, we face several significant risks which could have an adverse effect on our 
ability to meet customer demands and/or negatively impact our business operations, gross margin, reven ue and/or financial results, including:  
 
 
We also rely on third- party software development tools to assist us in th e design, simulation and verification of new produc ts or product 
enhancements. To bring new products and enhancement s to market in a timely manner, we utilize sophisti cated and technologically advanced 
software development tools to complete our design, simulations and verifications. In the past, we have  experienced delays in the introduction of 
products and enhancements as a result of the inabil ity of then available software development tools to  fully simulate the complex features and 
functionalities of our products. In the future, the  design requirements necessary to meet consumer dem ands for more features and greater 
functionality from our products may exceed the capa bilities of available software development tools. I f we miss design cycles or lose design wins 
due to the unavailability of such software developm ent tools, we could lose market share and our reven ues could decline.  
 
If our products fail to achieve expected manufactur ing yields, our financial results could be adversel y impacted and our reputation with our 
customers may be harmed.  
 
Manufacturing yields for our products are a functio n of product design, which is developed largely by us, and process technology, which 
typically is proprietary to the foundry. Low yields  may result from either product design or process t echnology failure. We do not know whether a 
yield problem will exist until our design is actual ly manufactured by the foundry. When a yield issue is identified, the product is analyzed and tested 
to determine the cause. As a result, yield problems  may not be identified until well into the manufact uring process and require us and the foundry to 
cooperate to resolve the problem. Because of our po tentially limited access to wafer foundry capacity,  any decrease in manufacturing yields could 
result in higher manufacturing costs and require us  to allocate our available product supply among our  customers. Lower than expected yields could 
harm customer relationships, our reputation and our  financial results.  
    
 
14  •  a lack of guaranteed supply of wafers and other com ponents and potential higher wafer and component pr ices due to supply constraints; 
•  a failure by our foundries to procure raw materials  or to provide or allocate adequate manufacturing o r test capacity for our products; 
•  a failure to develop, obtain or successfully imp lement high quality, leading- edge process technologies, including transitions to  smaller 
geometry process technologies, needed to manufactur e our products profitably or on a timely basis;  
•  loss of a supplier and additional expense and/or pr oduction delays as a result of qualifying a new fou ndry or subcontractor and 
commencing volume production or testing in the even t of a loss of or a decision to add or change a sup plier;  
•  a lack of direct control over delivery schedules or  product quantity and quality; and 
•  delays in product shipments, shortages, a decrease in product quality and/or higher expenses in the ev ent our subcontractors or 
foundries prioritize our competitors orders over ou r orders or otherwise.  Table of Contents  
 
Business disruptions could harm our business, lead to a decline in revenues and increase our costs.  
 
Our worldwide operations could be disrupted by eart hquakes, telecommunications failures, power or wate r shortages, tsunamis, floods, 
hurricanes, typhoons, fires, extreme weather condit ions, medical epidemics or pandemics and other natu ral or man- made disasters, catastrophic 
events or climate change. The occurrence of any of these business disruptions could harm our business and result in significant losses, a decline in 
revenue and increase our costs and expenses. Any of  these business disruptions could require substanti al expenditures and recovery time in order to 
fully resume operations. Our corporate headquarters , and a portion of our research and development act ivities, are located in California, and other 
critical business operations and some of our suppli ers are located in Asia, near major earthquake faul ts known for seismic activity. In addition, a 
majority of our principal IT datacenters are locate d in California, making our operations vulnerable t o natural disasters or other business disruptions 
occurring in this geographical area. The manufactur e of product components, the final assembly of our products and other critical operations are 
concentrated in certain geographic locations, inclu ding Taiwan, China and Korea. Our operations could be harmed if manufacturing, logistics or 
other operations in these locations are disrupted f or any reason, including natural disasters, high he at events or water shortages, information 
technology system failures, military actions or eco nomic, business, labor, environmental, public healt h, regulatory or political issues. The ultimate 
impact on us, our third- party foundries and other suppliers and our general  infrastructure of being located near major earthqu ake faults and being 
consolidated in certain geographical areas is unkno wn. In the event of a major earthquake or other nat ural disaster or catastrophic event, our revenue 
could decline and our business may be harmed.  
 
We receive a significant amount of our revenue from  a limited number of customers and our revenue coul d decline if we lose any of these 
customers.  
 
We receive a significant amount of our revenue from  a limited number of customers. Revenue from signif icant customers, those representing 
10% or more of total revenue, was  11%  of our tota l revenue from one customer in fiscal year 2015, 21 % of our total revenue from two customers in 
fiscal year 2014, and 13% of our total revenue from one customer in fiscal ye ar 2013. The percentage of revenue we receive from our largest 
customers has fluctuated significantly from period to period primarily due to the timing and number of  design wins with each customer, as well as the 
continued diversification of our customer base as w e expand into new markets, and will likely continue  to fluctuate in the future. Our operating 
results in the foreseeable future will continue to depend on sales to a relatively small number of cus tomers, as well as the ability of these customers t o 
sell products that incorporate our GPUs and Tegra p rocessors. In the future, these customers may decid e not to purchase our products at all, purchase 
fewer products than they did in the past, or alter their purchasing patterns in some other way, partic ularly because:  
 
 
The loss of any of our large customers or a signifi cant reduction in purchases by them would likely ha rm our financial condition and results of 
operations and any difficulties in collecting accou nts receivable could harm our operating results and  financial condition.  
 
We maintain an allowance for doubtful accounts for estimated losses resulting from the inability of ce rtain of our customers to make required 
payments and obtain credit insurance over the purch asing credit extended to these customers. In the fu ture, we may have to record additional 
provisions or write- offs and/or defer revenue on certain sales transact ions which could negatively impact our financial re sults and we may not be able 
to acquire credit insurance on the credit we extend  to these customers or in amounts that we deem suff icient.  
 
Our gross margin depends on a number of factors and  changes in any of these factors could adversely af fect our gross margin.  
 
Our gross margin for any period depends on a number  of factors, including the mix of our products sold , average selling prices, introduction of 
new products, product transitions, sales discounts,  pricing actions by our competitors, the cost of pr oduct components and the yield of wafers 
produced by the foundries that manufacture our prod ucts. We are focused on improving our gross margin and if we are not able to control or estimate 
the impact of the above factors or other factors we  do not foresee, our gross margins may be negativel y impacted. In addition, gross margins for our 
Tegra processors are lower than our overall corpora te gross margins. If Tegra processors comprise a hi gher percentage of our future revenue, or if we 
continue to enter into new business areas with comp aratively lower margins, our overall gross margins may decline.  
 
15  •  substantially all of our sales are made on a purcha se order basis, which permits our customers to canc el, change or delay product purchase 
commitments with little or no notice to us and with out penalty;  
•  our customers may develop their own solutions; 
•  our customers may purchase products from our compet itors; or 
•  our customers may discontinue sales or lose market share in the markets for which they purchase our pr oducts. Table of Contents  
 
If we fail to estimate customer demand properly our  financial results could be harmed.  
 
We manufacture our GPUs and Tegra processors based on estimates of customer demand. In order to have s horter shipment lead times and 
quicker delivery schedules for our customers, we ma y build inventories for anticipated periods of grow th which do not occur, or may build inventory 
anticipating demand for a customer’ s product that does not materialize. In estimating demand, we make multiple assumptions any of which m ay 
prove to be incorrect. Situations that may result i n excess or obsolete inventory include:  
 
 
In addition, the cancellation or deferral of custom er purchase orders could result in our holding exce ss inventory, which could adversely affect 
our gross margins. In addition, because we often se ll a substantial portion of our products in the las t month of each quarter, we may not be able to 
reduce our inventory purchase commitments in a time ly manner in response to customer cancellations or deferrals. We could be required to write-
down our inventory to the lower of cost or market o r write-off excess inventory, and we could experience a red uction in average selling prices if we 
incorrectly forecast product demand, any of which c ould harm our financial results.  
 
Conversely, if we underestimate our customers' dema nd for our products, our foundry partners may not h ave adequate lead- time or capacity to 
increase production and we may not be able to obtai n sufficient inventory to fill customers' orders on  a timely basis. Even if we are able to increase 
production levels to meet customer demand, we may n ot be able to do so in a cost- effective or timely manner. If we fail to fulfill o ur customers' 
orders on a timely basis, or at all, our customer r elationships could be damaged, we could lose revenu e and market share and our reputation could be 
damaged.  
 
We are subject to risks and uncertainties associate d with international operations which may harm our business.  
 
We conduct our business worldwide and we have offic es in various countries outside of the United State s. Our semiconductor wafers are 
manufactured, assembled, tested and packaged by thi rd parties located outside of the United States and  Other Americas. We also generate a 
significant portion of our revenue from sales to cu stomers outside the United States and Other America s. Revenue from sales to customers outside of 
the United States and Other Americas accounted for  75%  of total revenue for both fiscal year 2015 an d 2014 and  74%  of total revenue for fiscal 
year 2013. The global nature of our business subjec ts us to a number of risks and uncertainties, inclu ding:  
 
 
If sales to any of our customers outside of the Uni ted States and Other Americas are delayed or cancel led because of any of the above factors, 
our revenue may be negatively impacted.  
 
 
16  •  changes in business and economic conditions, includ ing downturns in our target markets and/or overall economy; 
•  changes in consumer confidence caused by changes in  market conditions, including changes in the credit  market; 
•  a sudden and significant decrease in demand for our  products; 
•  a higher incidence of inventory obsolescence becaus e of rapidly changing technology or customer requir ements; 
•  our introduction of new products resulting in lower  demand for older products ; or 
•  increased competition, including competitive pricin g actions. 
•  international economic and political conditions, su ch as political tensions between countries in which  we do business; 
•  unexpected changes in, or impositions of, legislati ve or regulatory requirements;   
•  differing legal standards with respect to protectio n of intellectual property and employment practices ; 
•  local business and cultural factors that differ fro m our normal standards and practices, including bus iness practices that we are prohibited 
from engaging in by the Foreign Corrupt Practices A ct and other anticorruption laws and regulations;  
•  exporting or importing issues related to export or import restrictions, tariffs, quotas and other trad e barriers and restrictions;  
•  financial risks such as longer payment cycles, diff iculty in collecting accounts receivable and foreig n exchange rate fluctuations; and 
•  increased costs due to imposition of climate change  regulations, such as carbon taxes, fuel or energy taxes, and pollution limits. Table of Contents  
 
We may not be able to realize the potential financi al or strategic benefits of business acquisitions o r strategic investments and we may not be 
able to successfully integrate acquisition targets,  which could hurt our ability to grow our business,  develop new products or sell our products.  
 
We have in the past and intend to continue to acqui re and invest in other businesses that offer produc ts, services and technologies that we believe 
will help expand or enhance our existing products a nd business. Any of the following risks associated with past or future acquisitions or investments 
could impair our ability to grow our business, deve lop new products or sell our products, and ultimate ly could have a negative impact on our growth 
or our financial results:  
 
    
Risks Related to Regulatory, Legal, Our Common Stoc k and Other Matters  
 
Actions to adequately protect our intellectual prop erty rights, such as litigation to defend against a lleged infringement of intellectual property 
rights or to enforce our intellectual property righ ts, could result in substantial costs to us and our  ability to compete could be harmed if we fail to 
take such actions or are unsuccessful in doing so.  
 
We rely primarily on a combination of patents, trad emarks, trade secrets, employee and third- party nondisclosure agreements, licensing 
arrangements, and the laws of the countries in whic h we operate to protect our intellectual property i n the United States and internationally. The laws 
of certain foreign countries may not protect our pr oducts or intellectual property rights to the same extent as the laws of the United States. This makes  
the possibility of piracy of our technology and pro ducts more likely. We continuously assess whether a nd where to seek formal protection for 
existing and new innovations and technologies, but cannot be certain whether our applications for such  protections will be approved, and, if 
approved, whether we will be able to enforce such p rotections.  
 
We have in the past and may in the future become in volved in lawsuits or other legal proceedings alleg ing patent infringement or other 
intellectual property rights violations by us, our employees or parties that we have agreed to indemni fy for certain claims of infringement. An 
unfavorable ruling in any such intellectual propert y related litigation could include significant dama ges, invalidation of a patent or family of patents,  
indemnification of customers, payment of lost profi ts, or, when it has been sought, injunctive relief.   
 
We may commence litigation or other legal proceedin gs in order to protect our intellectual property ri ghts. Such proceedings may increase our 
operating expenses, which could negatively impact o ur operating results. Further, we could be subject to countersuits as a result of our initiation of 
litigation. For example, in September 2014, we file d complaints against Qualcomm, Inc. and various Sam sung entities with both the ITC and the 
United States District Court for the District of De laware for infringement of seven patents relating t o graphics processing. In November 2014, various 
Samsung entities filed a complaint against us and V elocity Micro for alleged infringement of Samsung’ s patents. If infringement claims are made 
against us or our products are found to infringe a third parties' patent or intellectual property, we or one of our indemnitees may have to seek a licens e 
to the third parties' patent or other intellectual property rights. However, we may not be able to obt ain licenses at all or on terms acceptable to us 
particularly from our competitors. If we or one of our indemnitees is unable to obtain a license from a third party for technology that we use or that is  
used in one of our products, we could be subject to  substantial liabilities or have to suspend or disc ontinue the manufacture and sale of one or more of 
our products. We may also have to make royalty or o ther payments, or cross license our technology. If these arrangements are not concluded on 
commercially reasonable terms, our business could b e negatively impacted. Furthermore, the indemnifica tion of a customer or other indemnitee may 
increase our operating expenses which could negativ ely impact our operating results.  
 
 
17  •  difficulty in combining the technology, products, o perations or workforce of the acquired business wit h our business; 
•  diversion of capital and other resources, including  management's attention; 
•  assumption of liabilities; 
•  incurring amortization expenses, impairment char ges to goodwill or write- downs of acquired assets; 
•  potential failure of our due diligence processes to  identify significant issues with product quality, architecture and development, or legal and 
financial contingencies, among other things; and  
•  impairment of relationships with employees, vendors  and customers, or the loss of any of our key emplo yees, vendors or customers or our 
target's key employees, vendors or customers, as a result of our acquisition or investment.  Table of Contents  
 
Our operating results have in the past fluctuated a nd may in the future fluctuate, and if our operatin g results are below the expectations of 
securities analysts or investors, our stock price c ould decline.  
 
Our operating results have in the past fluctuated a nd may in the future continue to fluctuate due to n umerous factors. For example, our operating 
expenses represent a significant portion of total r evenue and are largely independent of revenue in an y particular period. In particular, our research 
and development expenses reflect multi- year commitments to the development of new products  and enhancements that will not result in revenue, if 
any, until future periods. Therefore, investors sho uld not rely on quarterly comparisons of our result s of operations as an indication of our future 
performance.  
 
Factors that could affect our results of operations  in the future include:  
 
 
Any one or more of the factors discussed above coul d prevent us from achieving our expected future fin ancial results. Any such failure to meet 
our expectations or the expectations of our investo rs or security analysts could cause our stock price  to decline or experience substantial price 
volatility and, as a result, investors may suffer l osses.  
 
In the past, securities class action litigation has  often been brought against a company following per iods of volatility in the market price of its 
securities. We have been in the past, and may be in  the future, the target of securities litigation. S uch lawsuits generally result in the diversion of 
management's time and attention away from business operations, which could harm our business. In addit ion, the costs of defense and any damages 
resulting from litigation, a ruling against us, or a settlement of the litigation could adversely affe ct our cash flow and financial results.  
 
 
18  •  demand and market acceptance for our products an d/or our customers’ products; 
•  the successful development and volume production  of our next- generation products; 
•  our inability to adjust spending to offset reven ue shortfalls due to multi- year development cycle for some of our products and  services; 
•  new product announcements or product introductions by our competitors; 
•  our introduction of new products in accordance w ith OEMs’ design requirements and design cycles; 
•  changes in the timing of product orders due to u nexpected delays in the introduction of our custome rs’ products; 
•  the level of growth or decline of the PC industry i n general; 
•  seasonal fluctuations associated with the PC and co nsumer products market; 
•  contraction in automotive and consumer end- market demand due to adverse regional or worldwide economic conditions; 
•  slower than expected growth of demand for new techn ologies; 
•  fluctuations in the availability of manufacturing c apacity or manufacturing yields; 
•  our ability to reduce the manufacturing costs of ou r products; 
•  competitive pressures resulting in lower than expec ted average selling prices; 
•  product rates of return in excess of that forecaste d or expected due to quality issues; 
•  rescheduling or cancellation of customer orders; 
•  the loss of a significant customer; 
•  substantial disruption in the operations of our foundries or other third- party subcontractors, as a result of a natural disa ster, equipment 
failure, terrorism or other causes;  
•  supply constraints for and changes in the cost o f the other components incorporated into our custom ers’ products, including memory 
devices;  
•  costs associated with the repair and replacement of  defective products; 
•  unexpected inventory write-downs or write- offs; 
•  legal and other costs related to defending intellec tual property and other types of lawsuits; 
•  availability of software and technology licenses at  commercially reasonable terms for the continued sa le or development of new products; 
•  customer bad debt write- offs; 
•  changes in our effective tax rate as a result of ch anges in the mix of earnings in countries with diff ering statutory tax rates, applicable tax 
laws or interpretations of tax laws;  
•  any unanticipated costs associated with environment al liabilities; 
•  unexpected costs related to our ownership of real p roperty; 
•  costs to comply with new government regulations,  such as the SEC’ s conflict mineral regulations, and regulatory enfo rcement actions; 
•  costs to maintain effective internal control over f inancial reporting; 
•  our inability to forecast changes in financial acco unting standards or interpretations of existing sta ndards; and 
•  general macroeconomic events and factors affecting the overall semiconductor industry. Table of Contents  
 
We have a substantial amount of indebtedness which could adversely affect our financial position and p revent us from implementing our 
strategy or fulfilling our contractual obligations .  
 
In December 2013, we issued $1.5 billion of 1.00% C onvertible Senior Notes due 2018, or 1.00% Notes. O ur substantial indebtedness may:  
 
 
The exercise of warrants issued to Goldman, Sachs &  Co. concurrently with our 1.00% Notes would, and t he conversion of our 1.00% Notes 
could, dilute the ownership interest of our existin g shareholders .  
 
The warrants issued concurrently with our 1.00% Not es will be deemed to be automatically exercised on certain dates between March 2019 and 
June 2019, unless Goldman, Sachs & Co. notifies us otherwise. Any issuance by us of additional shares to Goldman, Sachs & Co. upon exercise of 
the warrants will dilute the ownership interest of our existing shareholders. In addition, the convers ion of our 1.00% Notes will dilute the ownership 
interests of our existing shareholders and could ha ve a dilutive effect on our net income per share to  the extent that the price of our common stock 
exceeds the conversion price of the 1.00% Notes. An y sales in the public market by Goldman, Sachs & Co . of our common stock upon exercise of 
the warrants or sales in the public market of our c ommon stock issuable upon conversion of the 1.00% N otes could adversely affect prevailing market 
prices of our common stock.  
 
Delaware law and provisions in our certificate of i ncorporation, our bylaws and our agreement with Mic rosoft Corporation could delay or 
prevent a change in control.  
 
Our status as a Delaware corporation and the anti- takeover provisions of the Delaware General Corpora tion Law may discourage, delay, or 
prevent a change in control by prohibiting us from engaging in a business combination with an interest ed shareholder for a period of three years after 
the person becomes an interested shareholder, even if a change of control would be beneficial to our e xisting shareholders. In addition, our certificate 
of incorporation and bylaws contain provisions that  could make it more difficult for a third party to acquire a majority of our outstanding voting 
stock. These provisions include the following:  
 
 
On March 5, 2000, we entered into an agreement with  Microsoft in which we agreed to develop and sell g raphics chips and to license certain 
technology to Microsoft and its licensees for use i n the Xbox. Under the agreement, if an individual o r corporation makes an offer to purchase shares 
equal to or greater than 30% of the outstanding sha res of our common stock, Microsoft may have first a nd last rights of refusal to purchase the stock. 
The Microsoft provision and the other factors liste d above could also delay or prevent a change in con trol of NVIDIA. These provisions could also 
discourage proxy contests and make it more difficul t for shareholders to elect directors of their choo sing and to cause us to take other corporate 
actions they desire.  
 
ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS  
   
Not applicable.  
   
 
19  •  limit our ability to use our cash flow or borrow ad ditional funds for working capital, capital expendi tures, acquisitions and general corporate 
and other purposes;    
•  make it difficult for us to satisfy our financial o bligations; 
•  place us at a competitive disadvantage compared to our less leveraged competitors; and 
•  increase our vulnerability to the impact of adverse  economic and industry conditions. 
•  the ability of our Board of Directors to create and  issue preferred stock without prior shareholder ap proval; 
•  the prohibition of shareholder action by written co nsent; 
•  advance notice requirements for director nomination s and shareholder proposals; 
•  the ability of our Board of Directors to increase o r decrease the number of directors without sharehol der approval; 
•  a super- majority voting requirement to amend some provision s in our certificate of incorporation and bylaws; 
•  the inability of our shareholders to call special m eetings of shareholders; and 
•  the ability of our Board of Directors to make, amen d or repeal our bylaws. Table of Contents  
 
ITEM 2. PROPERTIES  
 
Our headquarters complex is located in Santa Clara,  California. It includes eight leased commercial bu ildings totaling 887,993 square feet and 
real property that we own, which consists of twelve  commercial buildings on 36 acres of land. We expec t to eventually build a new corporate 
headquarters campus on this owned property. However , during fiscal year 2014 we leased and occupied an  office building within the boundaries of 
our Santa Clara campus that balanced the workspace needs for our Santa Clara staff and provided us the  opportunity to delay the start of the new 
campus building and refine our design to further op timize for functionality and cost. In addition, we also lease datacenter space in Santa Clara.  
 
Outside of Santa Clara, we lease space in Austin, T exas and a number of regional facilities in other U .S. locations, which are used as research 
and development centers and/or sales and administra tive offices. Outside of the United States, we own a building in Hyderabad, India, which is being 
used primarily as a research and development center . We also lease facilities in various international  locations as research and development centers 
and/or sales and administrative offices. These leas ed facilities are located primarily in Asia and Eur ope.  
   
We believe that we currently have sufficient facili ties to conduct our operations for the next twelve months. For additional information regarding 
obligations under leases, see  Note 12 of the Notes  to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part I V, Item 15 of this Annual Report on Form 10- K 
under the subheading “Lease Obligations,” which inf ormation is hereby incorporated by reference.  
 
ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS  
   
Please see Note 12 of the Notes to the Consolidated  Financial Statements in Part IV, Item 15 of this A nnual Report on Form 10- K for a discussion 
of our legal proceedings.  
 
ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES  
 
Not Applicable.  
 
20  Table of Contents  
 
PART II  
 
      
ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT’ S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND IS SUER PURCHASES 
OF EQUITY SECURITIES  
   
Our common stock is traded on the NASDAQ Global Sel ect Market under the symbol NVDA. Public trading of  our common stock began on 
January 22, 1999. Prior to that, there was no publi c market for our common stock. As of March 6, 2015,  we had approximately 349 registered 
shareholders, not including those shares held in st reet or nominee name. The following table sets fort h for the periods indicated the high and low 
sales price for our common stock as quoted on the N ASDAQ Global Select Market:  
 
Dividend Policy    
 
On November 8, 2012, we announced the initiation of  a quarterly cash dividend program. The initial qua rterly dividend was $0.075 per share, or 
$0.30 per share on an annual basis, which was subse quently increased on November 7, 2013 by 13% to a q uarterly dividend of $0.085 per share, or 
$0.34 per share on an annual basis. In fiscal years  2015 and 2014, we paid $186.5 million and $181.3 m illion , respectively, in cash dividends to our 
common shareholders.  
 
Our cash dividend program and the payment of future  cash dividends under that program are subject to c ontinued capital availability and our 
Board of Directors' continuing determination that t he dividend program and the declaration of dividend s thereunder are in the best interests of our 
shareholders and are in compliance with all laws an d agreements of NVIDIA applicable to the declaratio n and payment of cash dividends. In fiscal 
year 2015, based upon our earnings and profits, 50%  of our dividend payments were considered qualified  dividends and 50% of our dividend 
payments were considered to be a return of capital for U.S. federal income tax purposes. It is possibl e that a portion of our dividend payments in 
fiscal year 2016 may be considered a return of capi tal for U.S. federal income tax purposes.  
 
Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities  
 
Beginning August 2004, our Board of Directors autho rized us, subject to certain specifications, to rep urchase shares of our common stock. Most 
recently, in November 2013, the Board extended the previously authorized repurchase program through Ja nuary 2016 and authorized an additional 
$1.00 billion for an aggregate of $3.70 billion under the repurchase program. Through January 25, 2 015, we have repurchased an aggregate of 205.6 
million shares under our share repurchase program f or a total cost of $3,265.2 million. As of January 25, 2015, we are authorized, subject to certain 
specifications, to repurchase shares of our common stock up to $434.8 million through January 2016. In  November 2014, we announced our intention 
to return approximately $600.0 million to sharehold ers in fiscal year 2016 in the form of share repurc hases and cash dividends.  
 
21     High    Low  
Fiscal year ending January 31, 2016          
First Quarter (through March 6, 2015)  $ 22.90    $ 18.94  
Fiscal year ended January 25, 2015          
Fourth Quarter  $ 21.25    $ 18.27  
Third Quarter  $ 20.15    $ 16.77  
Second Quarter  $ 19.73    $ 17.71  
First Quarter  $ 19.46    $ 15.32  
Fiscal year ended January 26, 2014          
Fourth Quarter  $ 16.44    $ 14.52  
Third Quarter  $ 16.10    $ 13.11  
Second Quarter  $ 15.48    $ 13.37  
First Quarter  $ 13.50    $ 12.04  Table of Contents  
 
The repurchases will be made from time to time in t he open market, in privately negotiated transaction s, or in structured share repurchase 
programs, and may be made in one or more larger rep urchases, in compliance with Rule 10b- 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amend ed, 
or the Exchange Act, subject to market conditions, applicable legal requirements, and other factors. T he program does not obligate NVIDIA to 
acquire any particular amount of common stock and t he program may be suspended at any time at our disc retion. As part of our share repurchase 
program, we have entered into, and we may continue to enter into, structured share repurchase transact ions with financial institutions. These 
agreements generally require that we make an up- front payment in exchange for the right to receive a fixed number of shares of our common stock 
upon execution of the agreement, and a potential in cremental number of shares of our common stock, wit hin a pre- determined range, at the end of the 
term of the agreement.  
The following table presents details of our share r epurchase transactions during the three months ende d January 25, 2015 (in millions, except per 
share amounts):  
In December 2014, we repurchased in the open market  0.2 million shares for $3.6 million at an average price of $19.86 per share.  
 
In addition to our share repurchase program, we wit hhold common stock shares associated with net share  settlements to cover tax withholding 
obligations upon the vesting of restricted stock un it, or RSU, and performance stock unit, or PSU, awa rds under our equity incentive program.  
During fiscal year 2015, we withheld approximately 2.3 million shares at a total cost of $43.7 million  through net share settlements.  Please refer to 
Note 2 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial S tatements in Part IV, Item 15 of this Form 10 -K for further discussion regarding our equity 
incentive plans.  
 
22  Period     Total Number of 
Shares Purchased     Average Price 
Paid per Share     Total Number of Shares 
Purchased as Part of 
Publicly Announced Plans 
or Programs     Approximate Dollar Value 
of Shares that May Yet Be 
Purchased Under the Plans 
or Programs  
October 27, 2014 - November 
23, 2014     —     —     —     $438.4  
November 24, 2014 - 
December 21, 2014     0.2     $19.86     0.2     $434.8  
December 22, 2014 - January 
25, 2015     —     —     —     $434.8  
Total     0.2     $19.86     0.2        Table of Contents  
 
Stock Performance Graphs    
The following graph compares the cumulative total s hareholder return for our common stock, the S&P 500  Index and the S&P Semiconductors 
Index for the five years ended January 25, 2015 . The graph assumes that $100 was invested on Janua ry 31, 2010 in our common stock and in each of 
the S&P 500 Index and the S&P Semiconductors Index.  Total return assumes reinvestment of dividends in each of the indices indicated. Total return 
is based on historical results and is not intended to indicate future performance.  
  
 
*$100 invested on 1/31/10 in stock and in indices, including reinvestment of dividends.  
The S&P 500 index and S&P Semiconductor Select Indu stry index are proprietary to and are calculated, d istributed and marketed by S&P Opco, 
LLC (a subsidiary of S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC), it s affiliates and/or its licensors and has been lice nsed for use. S&P® and S&P 500®, among 
other famous marks, are registered trademarks of St andard & Poor’s Financial Services LLC, and Dow Jon es® is a registered trademark of Dow 
Jones Trademark Holdings LLC. © 2015 S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC, its affiliates and/or its licensors. A ll rights reserved.  
 
 
23  
   1/31/2010    1/30/2011    1/29/2012    1/27/2013    1/26/2014    1/25/2015    
NVIDIA Corporation  $  100.00    $  154.39    $  96.88    $  81.12    $  103.61    $  139.28    
S&P 500  $  100.00    $  122.18    $  127.34    $  148.70    $  180.70    $  206.41    
S&P Semiconductors  $  100.00    $  130.50    $  138.76    $  124.79    $  160.36    $  207.78    Table of Contents  
 
The following graph compares the cumulative total s hareholder return for our common stock, the S&P 500  Index and the S&P Semiconductors 
Index for the ten years ended January 25, 2015 . The graph assumes that $100 was invested on Janua ry 30, 2005 in our common stock and in each of 
the S&P 500 Index and the S&P Semiconductors Index.  Total return assumes reinvestment of dividends in each of the indices indicated. Total return 
is based on historical results and is not intended to indicate future performance.   
       
  
 
*$100 invested on 1/30/05 in stock or in indices, i ncluding reinvestment of dividends.  
The S&P 500 index and S&P Semiconductor Select Indu stry index are proprietary to and are calculated, d istributed and marketed by S&P Opco, 
LLC (a subsidiary of S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC), it s affiliates and/or its licensors and has been lice nsed for use. S&P® and S&P 500®, among 
other famous marks, are registered trademarks of St andard & Poor’s Financial Services LLC, and Dow Jon es® is a registered trademark of Dow 
Jones Trademark Holdings LLC. © 2015 S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC, its affiliates and/or its licensors. A ll rights reserved.  
 
 
24  
   1/30/2005    1/29/2006    1/28/2007    1/27/2008    1/25/2009    1/31/2010    1/30/2011    1/29/2012    1/27/2013    1/26/2014    1/25/2015  
NVIDIA Corporation  $ 100.00    $ 202.14    $ 275.09    $ 327.14    $ 101.09    $ 201.79    $ 311.54    $ 195.50    $ 163.70    $ 209.07    $ 281.05  
S&P 500  $ 100.00    $ 110.37    $ 126.39    $ 123.46    $ 75.77    $ 100.88    $ 123.26    $ 128.46    $ 150.02    $ 182.30    $ 208.23  
S&P Semiconductors  $ 100.00    $ 115.62    $ 108.86    $ 101.45    $ 60.82    $ 95.46    $ 124.59    $ 132.46    $ 119.13    $ 153.09    $ 198.36  Table of Contents  
 
ITEM 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA    
 
The following selected financial data should be rea d in conjunction with our financial statements and the notes thereto, and with Item 7, 
“Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.” The consolidated statements of operations data for the 
fiscal years ended January 25, 2015 , January 26, 2 014 and January 27, 2013 and the consolidated balan ce sheet data as of January 25, 2015 and 
January 26, 2014 have been derived from and should be read in conjun ction with our audited consolidated financial state ments and the notes thereto 
included in Part IV, Item 15 in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We operate on a 52- or 53- week year, ending on the last Sunday in January.  F iscal 
years 2015, 2014, 2013, 2012 and 2011 were 52-week years.  
  
   
 
 
 
 
 
25     Year Ended  
   January 25,  
2015    January 26,  
2014    January 27,  
2013    January 29,  
2012    January 30,  
2011 (A,B)  
   (In thousands, except per share data)  
Consolidated Statement of Operations Data:                         
Revenue  $ 4,681,507    $ 4,130,162    $ 4,280,159    $ 3,997,930    $ 3,543,309  
Income from operations  $ 758,989    $ 496,227    $ 648,239    $ 648,299    $ 255,747  
Net income  $ 630,587    $ 439,990    $ 562,536    $ 581,090    $ 253,146  
Net income per share:                         
Basic  $ 1.14    $ 0.75    $ 0.91    $ 0.96    $ 0.44  
Diluted  $ 1.12    $ 0.74    $ 0.90    $ 0.94    $ 0.43  
Weighted average shares used in per share computati on:                         
Basic  552,319    587,893    619,324    603,646    575,177  
Diluted  563,068    594,517    624,957    616,371    588,684  
   Year Ended  
   January 25,  
2015 (C)    January 26,  
2014 (C,D)    January 27,  
2013 (C)    January 29,  
2012 (E)    January 30,  
2011  
   (In thousands, except per share data)  
Consolidated Balance Sheet Data:                         
Cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities  $ 4,623,339    $ 4,671,810    $ 3,727,883    $ 3,129,576    $ 2,490,563  
Total assets  $ 7,201,368    $ 7,250,894    $ 6,412,245    $ 5,552,928    $ 4,495,246  
Long-term debt  $ 1,384,342    $ 1,356,375    $ —   $ —   $ — 
Capital lease obligations, less current portion  $ 14,086    $ 17,500    $ 18,998    $ 21,439    $ 23,389  
Total shareholders’ equity  $ 4,417,982    $ 4,456,398    $ 4,827,703    $ 4,145,724    $ 3,181,462  
Cash dividends declared and paid per common share  $ 0.340    $ 0.310    $ 0.075    $ —   $ — 
(A)  We recorded a net warranty charge of $193.9 million  during fiscal year 2011 towards the repair and rep lacement of products arising from a weak 
die/packaging material set used in certain versions  of our previous generation MCP and GPU products.  
(B)  In fiscal year 2011, we entered into a six- year cross licensing agreement with Intel and also mutually agreed to settle all outstanding legal 
disputes. We valued the settlement portion at $57.0  million, which was recorded within income from ope rations in fiscal year 2011.  
(C)  On November 8, 2012, we initiated a quarterly divid end payment of 7.5 cents per share, or 30 cents on an annual basis. On November 7, 2013, 
we increased the quarterly cash dividend to 8.5 cen ts per share, or 34 cents on an annual basis.  
(D)  On December 2, 2013, we issued $1.5 billion aggrega te principal amount of 1.00% Convertible Senior Notes due 2018. 
(E)  On June 10, 2011, we completed the acquisition of I cera, Inc. for total cash consideration of $352.2 m illion, and recorded goodwill of $271.2 
million.  Table of Contents  
 
ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FIN ANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS    
 
The following discussion and analysis of our financ ial condition and results of operations should be r ead in conjunction with “ Item 1A. Risk 
Factors”, “Item 6. Selected Financial Data”, our Consolidated Financial Statements and related N otes thereto, as well as other cautionary statement s 
and risks described elsewhere in this Annual Report  on Form 10-K, before deciding to purchase, hold or  sell shares of our common stock.    
 
Overview  
 
Our Company and Our Businesses  
 
NVIDIA is dedicated to advancing visual computing, enabling individuals to interact with digital ideas , data and entertainment with an ease and 
efficiency unmatched by any other communication med ium.  
 
Our business model has three elements: creating NVI DIA-branded products and services, offering our process ors to original equipment 
manufacturers, or OEMs, and licensing our intellect ual property. NVIDIA- branded products and services are visual computing platforms that address 
four large markets: Gaming, Enterprise, High Perfor mance Computing & Cloud, and Automotive.  
 
Our two business segments - GPU and Tegra Processor  - are based on a single underlying graphics architect ure. In addition to the two reporting 
segments, the “All Other” category primarily includes licensing revenue from our patent cross licensing agreement with Intel, wh ich we expect to 
recognize through March 2017.  
 
GPUs, the engines of visual computing, are among th e world's most complex processors. Our GPU product brands aimed at specialized markets 
include GeForce for gamers; Quadro for designers; T esla for researchers, deep learning and big-data an alysts; and GRID for cloud- based visual 
computing users.  
 
We also integrate our GPUs into tiny mobile chips c alled system-on-a- chip (SOC) processors, which power tablets, and aut omotive infotainment 
and safety systems. Our Tegra brand integrates an e ntire computer onto a single chip, incorporating GP Us and multi- core CPUs with audio, video 
and input/output capabilities. They can also be int egrated with baseband processors to add voice and d ata communication. Tegra conserves power 
while delivering state-of-the-art graphics and mult imedia processing.  
 
Headquartered in Santa Clara, California, NVIDIA wa s incorporated in California in April 1993 and rein corporated in Delaware in April 1998.  
 
Recent Developments, Future Objectives and Challeng es  
 
GPU Business  
 
During fiscal year 2015, we announced and shipped G eForce GPUs based on our new Maxwell architecture a nd we surpassed fifty million 
installations of our GeForce Experience client, whi ch provides game- ready drivers, optimized play settings, and streami ng and sharing of gameplay. 
We also disclosed the first details of our Pascal G PU architecture, which will succeed Maxwell. Pascal  is expected to feature 3D memory and 
NVLink interconnect technology.  
 
Quadro professional graphics continue to maintain m arket leadership. We refreshed our Quadro product l ineup during fiscal year 2015 and also 
extended our product lineup to include Maxwell-base d GPUs.  
 
We extended our reach in accelerated datacenter com puting, with the world’s fifteen most highly- efficient supercomputers all utilizing our Tesla 
GPUs. We continued to expand our reach in the big d ata analytics market, with IBM announcing future su pport for GPU acceleration in its IBM DB2 
with BLU acceleration. We launched our Tesla K80 du al-GPU accelerator, which is designed to power a wi de range of machine learning, data-
analytics and high performance computing applicatio ns. In addition, we announced that our Tesla GPUs w ill power the U.S. Department of Energy’ s 
next-generation supercomputers in conjunction with our NVIDIA NVLink high- speed interconnect technology. These systems are to  be deployed at 
Oak Ridge and Lawrence Livermore National Laborator ies and will serve scientists to accelerate their r esearch.  
 
 
26  Table of Contents  
 
We announced that NVIDIA GRID technology will be av ailable on the VMware Horizon DaaS Platform to deli ver 3D graphics on virtualized 
desktops and applications delivered through the clo ud, partnered with VMware on a customer access prog ram for NVIDIA GRID with companies 
like Airbus, CH2M Hill, MetroHealth and Halliburton , and announced that the new version of VMware’ s virtualization suite, VMware Horizon 6, 
includes the capability to deliver scalable, virtua lized 3D graphics enabled by NVIDIA GRID vGPU. NVID IA GRID graphics virtualization 
continued to gain momentum as more companies come f orward to experience cloud-based GPU-accelerated vi rtual desktops through our “ Try 
GRID” online demonstration.  
 
Tegra Processor Business  
 
During fiscal year 2015, we expanded our SHIELD fam ily of gaming devices, adding the SHIELD tablet and  SHIELD wireless controller to the 
product family that also includes the SHIELD portab le. We also launched our GRID On- Demand Streaming Service, providing it free for SHI ELD 
users through June 30, 2015.  
 
We announced the NVIDIA Tegra X1 mobile processor, a 256-core Maxwell architecture- based mobile super chip with over one teraflops of 
computing power. Our Tegra K1 processor was feature d in Google’ s Nexus 9 and Project Tango tablets, in NVIDIA's SH IELD tablet and in 
Chromebooks made by Acer and HP, and was one of the  first processors to support Android TV. Tegra K1 w as also included in our launch of Jetson 
TK1, a development platform aimed at automotive, ro botics, defense and embedded applications.  
 
In automotive, we launched NVIDIA DRIVE automotive computers - a computing platform for advanced driver assistance  systems and digital 
cockpits that could enable auto- piloted cars and run state of the art infotainment systems. NVIDIA DRIVE is powered by the Tegra X1. W e also 
announced that many automobile manufacturers were s hipping various new models with infotainment system s powered by NVIDIA, including the 
BMW i8 and i3, the Volkswagen Golf and Passat, and the Honda Civic, Civic Tourer and CR-V.  
 
Capital Return to Shareholders  
 
During fiscal year 2015, we repurchased 44.4 millio n shares of our common stock for $813.6 million and  paid $186.5 million in cash dividends. 
As a result, we returned $1.00 billion to sharehold ers during fiscal year 2015 in the form of share re purchases and dividend payments.  
 
On November 6, 2014 we announced our intention to r eturn approximately $600.0 million to our sharehold ers in fiscal year 2016 through a 
combination of share repurchases and cash dividends . On February 11, 2015, we declared that we would p ay our next quarterly cash dividend of 
$0.085 per share on March 19, 2015, to all sharehol ders of record on February 26, 2015.  
 
Please refer to Note 14 of the Notes to the Consoli dated Financial Statements in Part IV, Item 15 of t his Annual Report on Form 10- K for further 
discussion.  
 
Litigation  
 
In September 2014, we filed lawsuits against Qualco mm, Inc. and various Samsung entities in the United  States International Trade 
Commission, or ITC, and the United States District Court for the District of Delaware for using our GP U patents without a license. On November 10, 
2014, Samsung filed a complaint against NVIDIA and Velocity Micro, Inc., in the United States District  Court for the Eastern District of Virginia. 
The complaint alleges that NVIDIA infringed six pat ents and falsely advertised that the Tegra K1 proce ssor is the world’ s fastest mobile processor. 
On December 19, 2014, Samsung filed an amended, lon ger complaint but asserting the same claims against  NVIDIA.  
 
Please refer to Note 12 of the Notes to the Consoli dated Financial Statements in Part IV, Item 15 of t his Annual Report on Form 10- K for further 
discussion.  
 
 
27  Table of Contents  
 
Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates  
 
Management’ s discussion and analysis of financial condition an d results of operations are based upon our consolid ated financial statements, 
which have been prepared in accordance with account ing principles generally accepted in the United Sta tes, or U.S. GAAP. The preparation of these 
financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of a ssets, liabilities, revenue, cost of revenue, 
expenses and related disclosure of contingencies. O n an on-going basis, we evaluate our estimates, including t hose related to revenue recognition, 
inventories, income taxes, goodwill, cash equivalen ts and marketable securities, stock- based compensation, and litigation, investigation a nd 
settlement costs and other contingencies. We base o ur estimates on historical experience and on variou s other assumptions that are believed to be 
reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the  carrying values of assets and liabilities.  
 
We believe the following critical accounting polici es affect our significant judgments and estimates u sed in the preparation of our consolidated 
financial statements. Our management has discussed the development and selection of these critical acc ounting policies and estimates with the Audit 
Committee of our Board of Directors. The Audit Comm ittee has reviewed our disclosures relating to our critical accounting policies and estimates in 
this Annual Report on Form 10-K.  
 
Revenue Recognition  
 
Product Revenue  
 
We recognize revenue from product sales when persua sive evidence of an arrangement exists, the product  has been delivered, the price is fixed 
or determinable and collection of the related recei vable is reasonably assured.  
 
For sales to certain distributors with rights of re turn for which the level of returns cannot be reaso nably estimated, our policy is to defer 
recognition of revenue and related cost of revenue until the distributors resell the product and, in s ome cases, when customer return rights lapse.  
 
Our customer programs primarily involve rebates, wh ich are designed to serve as sales incentives to re sellers of our products in various target 
markets. We account for rebates as a reduction of r evenue and accrue for 100% of the potential rebates  and do not apply a breakage factor. While we 
have a long history of rebate arrangements with OEM s, we believe we are unable to apply our historical  experience to reliably estimate the amount of 
rebates that will eventually be claimed by individu al OEMs. In such cases, the OEMs may not be our dir ect customers and therefore the quantity and 
mix of demand they place on their CEMs/ODMs may shi ft as we introduce new generations and iterations o f products and as we experience changes 
in new competitor offerings. In addition, we typica lly find that approximately 95% of the rebates we a ccrue each year are eventually claimed, which 
is substantially close to 100%, and that this perce ntage varies by program and by customer. We recogni ze a liability for these rebates at the later of 
the date at which we record the related revenue or the date at which we offer the rebate. Rebates typi cally expire six months from the date of the 
original sale, unless we reasonably believe that th e customer intends to claim the rebate. Unclaimed r ebates are reversed to revenue, the amount of 
which typically represents approximately 0.5% of to tal revenue.  
   
Our customer programs also include marketing develo pment funds, or MDFs. MDFs represent monies paid to  retailers, system builders, OEMs, 
distributors, add- in card partners and other channel partners that ar e earmarked for market segment development and expa nsion and typically are 
designed to support our partners’ activities while also promoting NVIDIA products. De pending on market conditions, we may take actions t o 
increase amounts offered under customer programs, p ossibly resulting in an incremental reduction of re venue at the time such programs are offered. 
We account for MDFs as a reduction of revenue and a pply a breakage factor to certain types of MDF prog ram accruals for which we believe we can 
make a reasonable and reliable estimate of the amou nt that will ultimately be unclaimed.   
 
We also record a reduction to revenue by establishi ng a sales return allowance for estimated product r eturns at the time revenue is recognized, 
based primarily on historical return rates. However , if product returns for a particular fiscal period  exceed historical return rates we may determine 
that additional sales return allowances are require d to properly reflect our estimated exposure for pr oduct returns.  
 
 
28  Table of Contents  
 
License and Development Revenue  
 
For license arrangements that require significant c ustomization of our intellectual property component s, we generally recognize the related 
revenue over the period that services are performed . For most license and service arrangements, we det ermine progress to completion based on actual 
direct labor hours incurred to date as a percentage  of the estimated total direct labor hours required  to complete the project. We periodically evaluate 
the actual status of each project to ensure that th e estimates to complete each contract remain accura te. Revenue recognized in any period is 
dependent on our progress toward completion of proj ects in progress. Significant management judgment a nd discretion are used to estimate total 
direct labor hours. Any changes in or deviations fr om these estimates could have a material effect on the amount of revenue we recognize in any 
period.  
 
For license arrangements that do not require signif icant customization but where we are obligated to p rovide further deliverables over the term of 
the license agreement, we record revenue over the l ife of the license term, with consideration receive d in advance of the performance period 
classified as deferred revenue.  
 
Please refer to Note 1 of the Notes to the Consolid ated Financial Statements in Part IV, Item 15 of th is Annual Report on Form 10- K for 
additional information.  
 
Inventories  
 
Inventory cost is computed on an adjusted standard basis, which approximates actual cost on an average  or first-in, first- out basis. We charge 
cost of sales for inventory provisions to write dow n our inventory to the lower of cost or estimated m arket value or to completely write off obsolete 
or excess inventory. Most of our inventory provisio ns relate to the write- off of excess quantities of products, based on our inventory levels and future 
product purchase commitments compared to assumption s about future demand and market conditions.  
 
Situations that may result in excess or obsolete in ventory include changes in business and economic co nditions, changes in consumer confidence 
caused by changes in market conditions, sudden and significant decreases in demand for our products, i nventory obsolescence because of rapidly 
changing technology and customer requirements, fail ure to estimate customer demand properly for older products as newer products are introduced, 
or unexpected competitive pricing actions by our co mpetition. In addition, cancellation or deferral of  customer purchase orders could result in our 
holding excess inventory. Also, because we often se ll a substantial portion of our products in the las t month of each quarter, we may not be able to 
reduce our inventory purchase commitments in a time ly manner in response to customer cancellations or deferrals.  
 
Charges to cost of sales for inventory provisions t otaled $59.4 million, $50.1 million and $89.9 milli on for fiscal years 2015, 2014 and 2013, 
unfavorably impacting our gross margin by 1.3%, 1.2 % and 2.1%, respectively. Sales of inventory that w as previously written-off or written- down 
totaled $32.4 million, $43.4 million and $53.7 mill ion for fiscal years 2015, 2014 and 2013, favorably  impacting our gross margin by 0.7%, 1.1% and 
1.3%, respectively. As a result, the overall net ef fect on our gross margin from inventory provisions and sales of items previously written down was 
an unfavorable impact of 0.6%, 0.1% and 0.8% in fis cal years 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively.  
 
During fiscal years 2015, 2014 and 2013, the charge s we took to cost of sales for inventory provisions  were primarily related to the write- off of 
excess quantities of GPU and Tegra Processor produc ts whose inventory levels were higher than our upda ted forecasts of future demand for those 
products. As a fabless semiconductor company, we mu st make commitments to purchase inventory based on forecasts of future customer demand. In 
doing so, we must account for our third- party manufacturers' lead times and constraints. We  also adjust to other market factors, such as produ ct 
offerings and pricing actions by our competitors, n ew product transitions, and macroeconomic condition s - all of which may impact demand for our 
products.  
 
Please refer to the Gross Profit and Gross Margin d iscussion below in this Management's Discussion and  Analysis for further discussion.  
 
Income Taxes  
 
We recognize federal, state and foreign current tax  liabilities or assets based on our estimate of tax es payable or refundable in the current fiscal 
year by tax jurisdiction. We recognize federal, sta te and foreign deferred tax assets or liabilities, as appropriate, for our estimate of future tax effe cts 
attributable to temporary differences and carryforw ards; and we record a valuation allowance to reduce  any deferred tax assets by the amount of any 
tax benefits that, based on available evidence and judgment, are not expected to be realized.  
 
 
29  Table of Contents  
 
United States income tax has not been provided on a  portion of earnings of our non- U.S. subsidiaries to the extent that such earnings are 
considered to be indefinitely reinvested.  
 
Our calculation of current and deferred tax assets and liabilities is based on certain estimates and j udgments and involves dealing with 
uncertainties in the application of complex tax law s. Our estimates of current and deferred tax assets  and liabilities may change based, in part, on 
added certainty or finality to an anticipated outco me, changes in accounting standards or tax laws in the United States, or foreign jurisdictions where 
we operate, or changes in other facts or circumstan ces. In addition, we recognize liabilities for pote ntial United States and foreign income tax 
contingencies based on our estimate of whether, and  the extent to which, additional taxes may be due. If we determine that payment of these amounts 
is unnecessary or if the recorded tax liability is less than our current assessment, we may be require d to recognize an income tax benefit or additional 
income tax expense in our financial statements acco rdingly.  
 
As of January 25, 2015, we had a valuation allowanc e of $261.0 million related to state and certain fo reign deferred tax assets that management 
determined are not likely to be realized due, in pa rt, to projections of future taxable income and pot ential utilization limitations of tax attributes 
acquired as a result of stock ownership changes. To  the extent realization of the deferred tax assets becomes more-likely-than- not, we would 
recognize such deferred tax asset as an income tax benefit during the period.  
 
Goodwill  
 
Goodwill is subject to our annual impairment test d uring the fourth quarter of our fiscal year, or ear lier if indicators of potential impairment 
exist, using either a qualitative or a quantitative  assessment.  Our impairment review process compare s the fair value of the reporting unit in which 
the goodwill resides to its carrying value.  We hav e identified two reporting units, GPU and Tegra Pro cessor, for the purposes of completing our 
goodwill analysis. Goodwill assigned to these repor ting units as of January 25, 2015 was $209.7 millio n and $408.5 million , respectively. 
Determining the number of reporting units and the f air value of a reporting unit requires us to make j udgments and involves the use of significant 
estimates and assumptions. We also make judgments a nd assumptions in allocating assets and liabilities  to each of our reporting units. We base our 
fair value estimates on assumptions we believe to b e reasonable but that are unpredictable and inheren tly uncertain.  
 
During the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2015, we e lected to use the quantitative assessment to test g oodwill for impairment for each reporting 
unit. In applying the fair value based test of each  reporting unit, the results from the income approa ch and the market approach were equally 
weighted. These valuation approaches consider a num ber of factors that include, but are not limited to , prospective financial information, growth 
rates, terminal or residual values, discount rates and comparable multiples from publicly traded compa nies in our industry and require us to make 
certain assumptions and estimates regarding industr y economic factors and the future profitability of our business.  
 
When performing an income approach valuation, we in corporate the use of projected financial informatio n and a discount rate that are developed 
using market participant based assumptions to our d iscounted cash flow model. Our estimates of discoun ted cash flow were based upon, among other 
things, certain assumptions about our expected futu re operating performance, such as revenue growth ra tes, operating margins, risk- adjusted discount 
rates, and future economic and market conditions. O ur estimates may differ from actual cash flow due t o, among other things, economic conditions, 
changes to our business model or changes in operati ng performance. Additionally, certain estimates of discounted cash flow involve businesses with 
limited financial history and developing revenue mo dels, which increases the risk of differences betwe en the projected and actual performance. The 
long-term financial forecasts that we utilize represent the best estimate that we have at this time and we believe that its underlying assumptions are 
reasonable. Significant differences between our est imates and actual cash flow could materially affect  our future financial results, which could impact 
our future estimates of the fair value of our repor ting units.  
 
During the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2015, we c oncluded that there was no impairment of our goodwi ll. The fair value of our GPU reporting 
unit significantly exceeded its carrying value and the fair value of our Tegra Processor reporting uni t exceeded its carrying value by 21%. As such, 
even if we applied a hypothetical 10% decrease to t he fair value of each reporting unit, it still woul d not have resulted in the fair value of our 
reporting units being less than their carrying valu es. As an overall test of the reasonableness of est imated fair values of our reporting units, we 
reconciled the combined fair value estimates of our  reporting units to our market capitalization as of  the valuation date. The reconciliation confirmed 
that the fair values were relatively representative  of the market views when applying a reasonable con trol premium to the market capitalization. 
However, any significant reductions in the actual a mount of future cash flows realized by our reportin g units, reductions in the value of market 
comparables, or reductions in our market capitaliza tion could impact future estimates of the fair valu es of our reporting units. Such events could 
ultimately result in a charge to our earnings in fu ture periods due to the potential for a write- down of the goodwill associated with our reporting units. 
 
 
30  Table of Contents  
 
In particular, the fair value of our Tegra reportin g unit exceeded its carrying value by approximately  21%. The fair value of this reporting unit 
was assessed using a combination of income and mark et approaches. The underlying assumptions we used i n assessing the fair value of the Tegra 
reporting unit include, but are not limited to, ass umptions around future revenue growth rates, gross margins, operating expense investment levels, 
overall market growth rates, our market share of th e overall market, and the appropriate discount rate s to apply to future cash flows. If the actual 
future results of the Tegra reporting unit do not a chieve the levels we estimated in assessing its fai r value, the fair value of the Tegra reporting unit  
could decline. A future decline in the fair value o f the Tegra reporting unit could result a charge to  our earnings as a result of a write- down of the 
value of the goodwill associated with that reportin g unit.  
 
Our next annual evaluation of the goodwill by repor ting unit will be performed during the fourth quart er of fiscal year 2016, or earlier if 
indicators of potential impairment exist. Such indi cators include, but are not limited to, challenging  economic conditions, such as a decline in our 
operating results, an unfavorable industry or macro economic environment, a substantial decline in our stock price, or any other adverse change in 
market conditions. Such conditions could have the e ffect of changing one of the critical assumptions o r estimates we use to calculate the fair value of 
our reporting units, which could result in a decrea se in fair value and require us to record goodwill impairment charges.  
 
Cash Equivalents and Marketable Securities  
 
Cash equivalents consist of financial instruments w hich are readily convertible into cash and have ori ginal maturities of three months or less at 
the time of acquisition.  Marketable securities con sist primarily of highly liquid investments with ma turities of greater than three months when 
purchased.    
 
We measure our cash equivalents and marketable secu rities at fair value. The fair values of our financ ial assets and liabilities are determined 
using quoted market prices of identical assets or q uoted market prices of similar assets from active m arkets. Our Level 1 assets consist of our money 
market funds. We classify securities within Level 1  assets when the fair value is obtained from real t ime quotes for transactions in active exchange 
markets involving identical assets. Our available-f or-sale securities are classified as having Level 2 in puts. Our Level 2 assets are valued utilizing a 
market approach where the market prices of similar assets are provided by a variety of independent ind ustry standard data providers to our 
investment custodian. Most of our cash equivalents and marketable securities are valued based on Level  2 inputs. We did not have any investments 
classified as Level 3 as of January 25, 2015 .  
 
All of our available-for- sale investments are subject to a periodic impairme nt review. We record a charge to earnings when a de cline in fair value 
is significantly below cost basis and judged to be other-than-temporary, or have other indicators of i mpairments.  
 
If the fair value of an available-for-sale debt ins trument is less than its amortized cost basis, an o ther-than- temporary impairment is triggered in 
circumstances where (1) we intend to sell the instr ument, (2) it is more likely than not that we will be required to sell the instrument before recovery 
of its amortized cost basis, or (3) a credit loss e xists where we do not expect to recover the entire amortized cost basis of the instrument. In these 
situations, we recognize an other-than-temporary im pairment in earnings equal to the entire difference  between the debt instruments’ amortized cost 
basis and its fair value. For available-for-sale de bt instruments that are considered other-than- temporarily impaired due to the existence of a cred it 
loss, if we do not intend to sell and it is more li kely than not that we will not be required to sell the instrument before recovery of its remaining 
amortized cost basis (amortized cost basis less any  current-period credit loss), we separate the amount of the impairment into the amount that is credit 
related and the amount due to all other factors. Th e credit loss component is recognized in earnings.  
 
We performed an impairment review of our investment  portfolio as of January 25, 2015. We concluded tha t our investments were appropriately 
valued and that no other than temporary impairment charges were necessary on our portfolio of availabl e-for-sale investments as of January 25, 2015. 
 
Stock-based Compensation  
 
Our stock- based compensation expense is associated with stock  options, restricted stock units, or RSUs, performa nce stock units, or PSUs, and 
our employee stock purchase plan, or ESPP.  
 
During fiscal year 2015, we shifted away from grant ing stock options and toward granting RSUs and PSUs  to reflect changing market trends for 
equity incentives at our peer companies. The number  of PSUs that will ultimately vest is contingent on  the Company’ s level of achievement 
compared with the corporate financial performance t arget established by our Compensation Committee in the beginning of each fiscal year. The 
number of shares of our stock to be received at ves ting ranges from 0% to 200% of the target amount.  
 
 
31  Table of Contents  
 
We use the closing trading price of our common stoc k on the date of grant, minus a dividend yield disc ount, as the fair value of awards of RSUs 
and PSUs. The compensation expense for RSUs is reco gnized using a straight- line attribution method over the requisite employee  service period, 
while compensation expense for PSUs is recognized u sing an accelerated amortization model. We estimate  the fair value of shares to be issued under 
our ESPP using the Black-Scholes model at the comme ncement of an offering period in March and Septembe r of each year. Stock- based 
compensation for our ESPP is expensed using an acce lerated amortization model.  
 
Our RSU and PSU awards are not eligible for cash di vidends prior to vesting; therefore, the fair value  of RSUs and PSUs is discounted by the 
dividend yield. Additionally, we estimate forfeitur es annually based on historical experience and revi se the estimates of forfeiture in subsequent 
periods if actual forfeitures differ from those est imates. If factors change, the compensation expense  that we record under these accounting standards 
may differ significantly from what we have recorded  in the current period.  
 
Litigation, Investigation and Settlement Costs  
 
From time to time, we are involved in legal actions  and/or investigations by regulatory bodies. We are  aggressively defending our current 
litigation matters. However, there are many uncerta inties associated with any litigation or investigat ions, and we cannot be certain that these actions 
or other third- party claims against us will be resolved without co stly litigation, fines and/or substantial settlemen t payments. If that occurs, our 
business, financial condition and results of operat ions could be materially and adversely affected. If  information becomes available that causes us to 
determine that a loss in any of our pending litigat ion, investigations or settlements is probable, and  we can reasonably estimate the loss associated 
with such events, we will record the loss in accord ance with U.S. GAAP. However, the actual liability in any such litigation or investigation may be 
materially different from our estimates, which coul d require us to record additional costs.  
 
Results of Operations  
   
The following table sets forth, for the periods ind icated, certain items in our consolidated statement s of operations expressed as a percentage of 
revenue.   
 
 
32      Year Ended  
   January 25, 2015    January 26, 2014    January 27, 2013  
Revenue  100.0  %   100.0  %   100.0  % 
Cost of revenue  44.5    45.1    48.0  
Gross profit  55.5    54.9    52.0  
Operating expenses:               
Research and development  29.0    32.3    26.8  
Sales, general and administrative  10.3    10.5    10.1  
Total operating expenses  39.3    42.8    36.9  
Income from operations  16.2    12.1    15.1  
Interest income  0.6    0.4    0.5  
Interest expense  (1.0 )    (0.3 )    (0.1 )  
Other income (expense), net  0.3    0.2    (0.1 )  
Income before income taxes  16.1    12.4    15.4  
Income tax expense  2.6    1.7    2.3  
Net income  13.5  %   10.7  %   13.1  % Table of Contents  
 
Revenue  
 
Revenue was $4.68 billion , $4.13 billion and $4.28 billion for fiscal years 2015, 2014 and 2 013, respectively. A discussion of our revenue 
results for each of our reporting segments and the All Other category is as follows:  
 
GPU Business. GPU business revenue increased by 11% in fiscal year 2015 compared to fiscal year 2014. T his increase was due primarily to 
higher revenue from GeForce GTX GPUs and associated  memory for gaming, reflecting a combination of con tinued strength in PC gaming and 
increased sales of our Maxwell- based GPU products. Revenue from Tesla for accelera ted datacenter computing increased due to large pro ject wins 
with cloud service providers and revenue from our N VIDIA GRID virtualization products also increased a s this platform gained momentum. 
Revenue from GPU products for mainstream PC OEMs de clined compared to last year.  
 
GPU business revenue increased by 7% in fiscal year 2014 compared to fiscal year 2013. T his increase was largely attributable to strength i n our 
high-end GeForce GTX GPUs driven by gaming market segmen t demand. The GPU business also benefited from high er sales of Tesla accelerated 
datacenter computing and Quadro enterprise products  in fiscal year 2014. Offsetting these growth areas  were declines in the overall market for 
mainstream desktop PCs and notebooks, which contrib uted to lower unit volumes of our mainstream GeForc e GPUs.  
 
Tegra Processor Business.   Tegra Processor business revenue increased by 45%  in fiscal year 2015 compared to fiscal year 2014 . This increase 
was driven by higher sales of Tegra products servin g automotive infotainment systems, smartphones and tablet devices, and the onset of SHIELD 
tablet sales in fiscal year 2015.  
 
Tegra Processor business revenue decreased by 48% in fiscal year 2014 compared to fiscal year 2013. T his decrease was primarily due to lower 
sales of our previous generation Tegra 3- based products for smartphones and tablet devices. Additionally, sales of our embedded products for 
entertainment devices and revenue from license fees  related to game consoles also decreased during fis cal year 2014. These decreases were partially 
offset by increased sales of Tegra 4-based products  for smartphones and tablet devices, as well as for  automotive infotainment systems.  
 
All Other. License revenue from the patent cross licensing arr angement we entered into with Intel in January 2011  was flat at $264.0 million for 
fiscal years 2015, 2014 and 2013.  
 
Concentration of Revenue  
 
Revenue from sales to customers outside of the Unit ed States and Other Americas accounted for  75%  of total revenue for both fiscal years 2015 
and 2014, and  74%  of total revenue for fiscal year 2013. Revenue by geographic region is allocated to individual countr ies based on the location to 
which the products are initially billed even if the  revenue is attributable to end customers in a diff erent location.  
 
Revenue from significant customers, those represent ing 10% or more of total revenue for the respective  dates, is summarized as follows:   
   
 
33     Year Ended    Year Ended  
   January 25,  
2015   January 26,  
2014    $  
Change    %  
Change    January 26,  
2014    January 27,  
2013    $  
Change    %  
Change  
   (In millions)    (In millions)  
GPU  $3,838.9   $3,468.1   $370.8   11 %   $3,468.1   $3,251.7   $216.4   7  % 
Tegra Processor  578.6    398.0    180.6    45 %   398.0    764.4    (366.4 )   (48 )% 
All Other  264.0    264.0    —   —%   264.0    264.0    —   — % 
Total  $4,681.5   $4,130.1   $551.4   13 %   $4,130.1   $4,280.1   $(150.0)   (4 )% 
   Year Ended  
   January 25,  
2015    January 26,  
2014    January 27,  
2013  
Revenue:               
Customer A  11 %   11 %   13 % 
Customer B  9 %   10 %   9 % Table of Contents  
 
Gross Profit and Gross Margin  
   
Gross profit consists of total revenue, net of allo wances, less cost of revenue. Cost of revenue consi sts primarily of the cost of semiconductors 
purchased from subcontractors, including wafer fabr ication, assembly, testing and packaging, board and  device costs, manufacturing support costs, 
including labor and overhead associated with such p urchases, final test yield fallout, inventory and w arranty provisions and shipping costs. Cost of 
revenue also includes development costs for license  and service arrangements and stock- based compensation related to personnel associated with 
manufacturing.  
 
Gross margin is the percentage of gross profit to r evenue. Our gross margin can vary in any period dep ending on the mix of types of products 
sold. Our gross margin is significantly impacted by  the mix of products we sell, which is often diffic ult to estimate with accuracy. Therefore, if we 
experience product transition challenges, if we ach ieve significant revenue growth in our lower margin  product lines, or if we are unable to earn as 
much revenue as we expect from higher margin produc t lines, our gross margin may be negatively impacte d.  
 
Our overall gross margin was 55.5% , 54.9% and 52.0 % for fiscal years 2015 , 2014 and 2013 , respectively. The increase over these fiscal year s 
was driven primarily by a richer product mix in our  GPU business, partially offset by lower Tegra busi ness margins.  
 
Charges to cost of sales for inventory provisions t otaled $59.4 million, $50.1 million and $89.9 milli on for fiscal years 2015, 2014 and 2013, 
unfavorably impacting our gross margin by 1.3%, 1.2 % and 2.1%, respectively. Sales of inventory that w as previously written-off or written- down 
totaled $32.4 million, $43.4 million and $53.7 mill ion for fiscal years 2015, 2014 and 2013, favorably  impacting our gross margin by 0.7%, 1.1% and 
1.3%, respectively. As a result, the overall net ef fect on our gross margin from inventory provisions and sales of items previously written down was 
an unfavorable impact of 0.6%, 0.1% and 0.8% in fis cal years 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively.  
 
A discussion of our gross margin results for each o f our reporting segments is as follows:  
 
GPU Business . The gross margin of our GPU business increased du ring fiscal year 2015 when compared to fiscal year 2014 due to richer 
product mix resulting from strong sales of high- end GeForce GTX GPU products based on our Maxwell a rchitecture and the volume increase in our 
Tesla accelerated computing products. The increase in fiscal year 2014 when compared to fiscal year 20 13 was primarily due to a combination of a 
richer product mix of our high- end GeForce GTX GPU, Tesla high performance computi ng, and Quadro professional workstation products. L ower 
inventory provisions for excess inventory in fiscal  year 2014 also contributed to the increase.  
 
Tegra Processor Business.  The gross margin of our Tegra Processor business d ecreased during fiscal year 2015 when compared to f iscal year 
2014, and during fiscal year 2014 when compared to fiscal year 2013. These decreases were driven prima rily by a combination of an overall decline 
in margins of our Tegra products and a less rich mi x between tablet products, which have had higher gr oss margins, and smartphone and automotive 
module products, which have had comparably lower gr oss margins.  
 
 
34  Table of Contents  
 
Operating Expenses  
   
Research and Development  
 
Research and development expenses remained relative ly flat during fiscal year 2015 compared to fiscal year 2014. Compensation and benefits 
increased by $56.5 million resulting from employee additions, employee compensation increases and rela ted costs, including stock- based 
compensation expense. Offsetting this increase was a $38.9 million decrease in engineering development  expenses.  
 
Research and development expenses increased by 16% in fiscal year 2014 compared to fiscal year 2013. C ompensation and benefits increased by 
$101.9 million resulting from employee additions, e mployee compensation increases and related costs. T he growth in engineering employees also 
drove an increase in facilities and IT support expe nse of $34.6 million, purchases of computer and sof tware supplies of $14.1 million and 
depreciation and amortization of $11.0 million. In addition, engineering development expenses increase d by $23.2 million, primarily related to the 
ramp up of Tegra products.  
 
Sales, General and Administrative  
 
Sales, general and administrative expenses increase d by 10% in fiscal year 2015 compared to fiscal year 2014. C ompensation and benefits 
increased by $53.7 million resulting from employee additions, employee compensation increases and rela ted costs, including stock- based 
compensation expense. Facilities costs increased by  $10.3 million as we expanded our offices internati onally and leased an office building within the 
boundaries of our main Santa Clara campus. Offsetti ng these increases were a decrease in outside profe ssional fees of $8.8 million as well as more 
favorable international taxes and government subsid ies.  
 
Sales, general and administrative expenses remained  relatively flat during fiscal year 2014 compared t o fiscal year 2013. Compensation and 
benefits increased by $37.9 million resulting from employee additions, employee compensation increases  and related costs. Offsetting this increase 
were the absence of both a $20.1 million charge for  a charitable contribution and a charge of $3.1 mil lion for a class action settlement that we 
recorded in fiscal year 2013.  
 
 
35     Year Ended    Year Ended  
   January 25,  
2015   January 26,  
2014    $  
Change    %  
Change    January 26,  
2014    January 27,  
2013    $  
Change    %  
Change  
   (In millions)    (In millions)  
Research and 
development expenses  $ 1,359.7    $ 1,335.8    $ 23.9    2 %   $ 1,335.8    $ 1,147.3    $ 188.5    16 % 
Sales, general and 
administrative expenses  480.8    435.7    45.1    10 %   435.7    430.8    4.9    1 % 
Total operating 
expenses  $ 1,840.5    $ 1,771.5    $ 69.0    4 %   $ 1,771.5    $ 1,578.1    $ 193.4    12 % 
Research and 
development as a 
percentage of net 
revenue  29.0 %   32.3 %             32.3 %   26.8 %           
Sales, general and 
administrative as a 
percentage of net 
revenue  10.3 %   10.5 %             10.5 %   10.1 %           Table of Contents  
 
Interest Income and Interest Expense  
 
Interest income consists of interest earned on cash , cash equivalents and marketable securities. Inter est expense is primarily comprised of coupon 
interest and debt discount amortization related to the convertible notes issued in the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2014.  
 
Interest income was $28.1 million , $17.1 million a nd $19.9 million in fiscal years 2015 , 2014 and 20 13 , respectively. The increase in fiscal 
year 2015 compared to fiscal year 2014 was primaril y due to higher average cash balances as we investe d the proceeds from the convertible notes we 
issued in December 2013 in interest bearing securit ies. The decrease in fiscal year 2014 compared to f iscal year 2013 was primarily due to the result 
of lower average cash balances as we liquidated a p ortion of our investment portfolio to fund an accel erated share repurchase transaction during the 
second quarter of fiscal year 2014.  
 
Interest expense was $46.1 million , $10.4 million and $3.3 million in fiscal years 2015 , 2014 and 20 13 , respectively. The increases in fiscal 
years 2015 and 2014 compared to fiscal years 2014 a nd 2013, respectively, were primarily due to coupon  interest and debt discount amortization 
related to the convertible notes we issued in Decem ber 2013.  
 
Other Income and Expense  
 
Other income and expense primarily consists of real ized gains and losses from the sale of marketable s ecurities, sales or impairments of 
investments in non-affiliated companies, and the im pact of changes in foreign currency rates.  
 
Net other income (expense) was $ 13.9 million , $ 7 .4 million and $ (2.8) million in fiscal years 2015  , 2014 and 2013 , respectively. The 
increase for fiscal year 2015 compared to fiscal ye ar 2014 was primarily due to a gain from the sale o f a non-affiliated investment, partially offset by 
the recognition of an impairment loss of a non- affiliated investment during the second quarter of fiscal year 2015 and losses from foreign currency 
remeasurement. The increase in other income for fis cal year 2014 compared to fiscal year 2013 was prim arily due to an increase in gains from 
foreign currency remeasurements and a gain from the  sale of a non-affiliated investment.  
    
Income Taxes  
   
We recognized income tax expense of $ 124.2 million  , $ 70.3 million and $ 99.5 million during fiscal years 2015 , 2014 and 2013 , respectively. 
Income tax expense as a percentage of income before  taxes, or our annual effective tax rate, was 16.5%  , 13.8% , and 15.0% in fiscal years 2015 , 
2014 and 2013 , respectively. The difference in the effective tax  rates amongst the three years was primarily due to  an increase in the amount of 
earnings subject to United States tax in fiscal yea r 2015 and a higher percentage of research tax cred it benefit in fiscal year 2014.  
 
Our effective tax rate on income before tax for the  fiscal years was lower than the United States fede ral statutory rate of 35% due to income 
earned in jurisdictions, including British Virgin I slands, Hong Kong, China, Taiwan and United Kingdom , where the tax rate is lower, favorable 
recognition of the U.S. federal research tax credit  and release of tax reserves as a result of the exp iration of statutes of limitations in certain non- U.S. 
jurisdictions for which we had not previously recog nized related tax benefits.  
 
Please refer to Note 13 of the Notes to the Consoli dated Financial Statements in Part IV, Item 15 of t his Annual Report on Form 10- K for 
additional information.  
 
 
36  Table of Contents  
 
Liquidity and Capital Resources    
 
 
As of January 25, 2015 , we had $4.62 billion in ca sh, cash equivalents and marketable securities, a d ecrease of $48.5 million from the end of 
fiscal year 2014 . Our portfolio of cash equivalents and marketable securities is managed on our behalf by several fina ncial institutions which are 
required to follow our investment policy, which req uires the purchase of high grade investment securit ies, the diversification of asset types and 
includes certain limits on our portfolio duration.  
    
Cash provided by operating activities increased in fiscal year 2015 compared to fiscal year 2014 prima rily due to higher net income from 
revenue growth and contained operating expenses, pa rtially offset by an increase in inventories result ing from the introduction of newly launched 
Maxwell- based GPUs and certain Tegra SOCs and SHIELD device s, and an increase in accounts receivable. Cash pro vided by operating activities 
increased slightly in fiscal year 2014 compared to fiscal year 2013 primarily due to a decrease in ope rating assets offset by a decrease in net 
income. The decrease in operating assets was driven  mainly by a combination of a decrease in accounts receivable, resulting from strong collections 
and linear monthly shipments in the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2014, and a decrease in inventories.   
 
Cash used in investing activities for fiscal year 2 015 decreased from fiscal year 2014 primarily due t o lower purchases of property and 
equipment and intangible assets. Cash used in inves ting activities for fiscal year 2014 increased from  fiscal year 2013 driven primarily by capital 
expenditures in fiscal year 2014 for new technology  licenses and leasehold improvements at our facilit ies in various locations.  
 
Cash used in financing activities in fiscal year 20 15 resulted primarily from our repurchase of $ 813. 6 million of shares of our common stock and 
our cash dividend payments totaling $186.5 million . These uses of cash were offset by cash proceeds o f $153.5 million from common stock issued 
under our employee stock plans. Cash provided by fi nancing activities increased in fiscal year 2014 du e primarily to the net proceeds of $1.48 billion 
we received from the convertible note offering that  was completed during the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2014, as well as cash proceeds of $70.2 
million from common stock issued under our employee  stock plans. Concurrent with the convertible note offering, we used net proceeds of $108.0 
million to fund the related note hedge and warrant transactions. During fiscal year 2014, we also used  $887.3 million to repurchase shares of our 
common stock and paid $181.3 million of cash divide nds to shareholders.  
 
 
37     January 25, 2015    January 26, 2014  
   (In millions)  
Cash and cash equivalents  $ 496.7    $ 1,151.6  
Marketable securities  4,126.7    3,520.2  
Cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities  $ 4,623.4    $ 4,671.8  
   Year Ended  
   January 25,  
2015    January 26,  
2014    January 27,  
2013  
   (In millions)  
Net cash provided by operating activities  $ 905.7    $ 835.1    $ 824.2  
Net cash (used in) investing activities  $ (727.0 )   $ (805.9 )   $ (744.0 ) 
Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities   $ (833.5 )   $ 389.6    $ (15.3 ) Table of Contents  
 
Liquidity  
 
Our primary source of liquidity is cash generated b y our operations. Our investment portfolio consists  principally of cash and cash equivalents, 
debt securities of corporations and United States g overnment and its agencies, asset-backed securities , mortgage- backed securities issued by 
government- sponsored enterprises, money market funds and forei gn government bonds. These investments are denomina ted in United States dollars. 
As of January 25, 2015 , we did not have any invest ments in auction-rate preferred securities.  
 
Please refer to Note 7 of the Notes to the Consolid ated Financial Statements in Part IV, Item 15 of th is Annual Report on Form 10- K for 
additional information.  
 
As of January 25, 2015 and January 26, 2014 , we ha d $ 4.62 billion and $ 4.67 billion , respectively, in cash, cash equivalents and marke table 
securities. Our investment policy requires the purc hase of high grade investment securities and the di versification of asset types and includes certain 
limits on our portfolio duration, as specified in o ur investment policy guidelines. These guidelines a lso limit the amount of credit exposure to any one 
issue, issuer or type of instrument. As of January 25, 2015 , we were in compliance with our investmen t policy. As of January 25, 2015 , our 
investments in U.S. government agencies and U.S. go vernment sponsored enterprises represented 35% of our total investment portfolio, while the 
financial sector accounted for 30% of our total inv estment portfolio. All of our investments are with A/A3 or better rated securities.  
 
We performed an impairment review of our investment  portfolio as of January 25, 2015 .  Based on our quarterly impairment review, we 
concluded that our investments were appropriately v alued and did not record any impairment during fisc al year 2015 .     
 
Net realized gains were $ 0.1 million , $ 2.4 milli on and $ 0.5 million for fiscal years 2015 , 2014 a nd 2013 , respectively.  As of January 25, 
2015 , we had a net unrealized gain of $ 8.4 millio n , which was comprised of gross unrealized gains o f $ 11.0 million , offset by $ 2.6 million of 
gross unrealized losses.  As of January 26, 2014 , we had a net unrealized gain of $ 4.8 million , which was comprised of gross unrealized gains of 
$7.2 million , offset by $ 2.4 million of gross unr ealized losses.   
 
Our accounts receivable are highly concentrated.  T wo customers accounted for 30% of our accounts rece ivable balance at January 25, 2015 . 
We maintain an allowance for doubtful accounts for estimated losses resulting from the inability of ou r customers to make required payments. This 
allowance consists of an amount identified for spec ific customers and an amount based on overall estim ated exposure.  
 
Our cash balances are held in numerous locations th roughout the world, including substantial amounts h eld outside of the United States. As of 
January 25, 2015, we had cash, cash equivalents and  marketable securities of $1.72 billion held within  the United States and $2.90 billion held 
outside of the United States.  Most of the amounts held outside the United States may be repatriated t o the United States but, under current law, 
would be subject to U.S. federal income taxes, less  applicable foreign tax credits.  Further, repatria tion of some foreign balances may be restricted by 
local laws. As of January 25, 2015, we have not pro vided for U.S. federal and state income taxes on ap proximately $2.27 billion of undistributed 
earnings of non- United States subsidiaries, as such earnings are co nsidered indefinitely reinvested outside the United  States.  Although we have no 
current need to do so, if we repatriate foreign ear nings for cash requirements in the United States, w e would incur U.S. federal and state income tax, 
less applicable foreign tax credits, and reduced by  the current amount of our U.S. federal and state n et operating loss and tax credit carryforwards.  
Further, in addition to the $1.72 billion of cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities held wit hin the United States and available to fund our 
U.S. operations and any other U.S. cash needs, we h ave access to external sources of financing if cash  is needed in the United States other than by 
repatriation of foreign earnings where U.S. income tax may otherwise be due.  Accordingly, we do not r easonably expect any material effect on our 
business, as a whole, or to our financial flexibili ty with respect to our current cash balances held o utside of the United States.  
 
Dividend payments and any share repurchases must be  made from cash held in the United States. For fisc al year 2015, we made total cash 
dividend payments of $186.5 million and repurchased  $813.6 million of our common stock, utilizing a significant amount  of our U.S. cash balance 
previously taxed as of January 25, 2015 .  
 
 
38  Table of Contents  
 
Convertible Notes  
 
On December 2, 2013, we issued $1.50 billion of 1.0 0% Convertible Senior Notes, or the Notes, due in 2 018 and concurrently entered into 
separate note hedge and warrant transactions and us ed $14.3 million to repurchase shares of our common  stock from purchasers of the Notes in 
privately negotiated transactions. The Notes will m ature on December 1, 2018 unless earlier repurchase d or converted in accordance with their terms 
prior to such date. As of January 25, 2015, none of  the conditions allowing holders of the Notes to co nvert had been met. Please refer to Note 11 of 
the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part IV, Item 15 of this Annual Report on Form 1 0-K for further discussion.  
   
Capital Return to Shareholders  
 
Our Board of Directors has authorized us to repurch ase up to $3.70 billion of our common stock through  January 2016. As of January 25, 2015 , 
we had repurchased $3,265.2 million of that amount,  leaving up to $434.8 million available under this authorization through January 2016. During 
fiscal year 2015, we repurchased 44.4 million share s of our common stock for $813.6 million and paid $ 186.5 million in cash dividends -  equivalent 
to $0.085 per share on a quarterly basis, or $0.34 per share on an annual basis -  to our common shareholders. As a result, we return ed $1.0 billion to 
shareholders during fiscal year 2015 in the form of  share repurchases and dividend payments.  
 
On November 6, 2014 we announced our intention to r eturn approximately $600.0 million to our sharehold ers in fiscal year 2016 through a 
combination of share repurchases and cash dividends . On February 11, 2015, we declared that we would p ay our next quarterly cash dividend of 
$0.085 per share on March 19, 2015, to all sharehol ders of record on February 26, 2015.  
 
Our cash dividend program and the payment of future  cash dividends under that program are subject to c ontinued capital availability and our 
Board's continuing determination that the dividend program and the declaration of dividends thereunder  are in the best interests of our shareholders 
and are in compliance with all laws and agreements of NVIDIA applicable to the declaration and payment  of cash dividends. Please refer to Note 14 
of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements i n Part IV, Item 15 of this Annual Report on Form 10 -K for further discussion.  
 
Operating Capital and Capital Expenditure Requireme nts  
   
We believe that our existing cash balances and anti cipated cash flows from operations will be sufficie nt to meet our operating, acquisition, share 
repurchase, cash dividend and capital requirements for at least the next twelve months. However, there  is no assurance that we will not need to raise 
additional equity or debt financing within this tim e frame. Additional financing may not be available on favorable terms or at all and may be dilutive 
to our then- current shareholders. We also may require additiona l capital for other purposes not presently contempl ated. If we are unable to obtain 
sufficient capital, we could be required to curtail  capital equipment purchases or research and develo pment expenditures, which could harm our 
business. Factors that could affect our cash used o r generated from operations and, as a result, our n eed to seek additional borrowings or capital 
include:  
   
 
We expect to spend approximately $150.0 million to $200.0 million for capital expenditures during fisc al year 2016, primarily for facilities, 
emulation equipment, computers and engineering work stations.    
 
 
39  •  decreased demand and market acceptance for our p roducts and/or our customers’ products; 
•  inability to successfully develop and produce in  volume production our next- generation products; 
•  competitive pressures resulting in lower than expec ted average selling prices; and 
•  new product announcements or product introductions by our competitors. Table of Contents  
 
Contractual Obligations  
 
The following table summarizes our contractual obli gations as of January 25, 2015 :  
 
Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements  
 
During fiscal years 2015 , 2014 and 2013 , we had n o material off-balance sheet arrangements as define d in Regulation S-K 303(a)(4)(ii).  
 
Adoption of New and Recently Issued Accounting Pron ouncements  
 
Please see Note 1  of the Notes to the Consolidated  Financial Statements in Part IV, Item 15 of this A nnual Report on Form 10- K for a 
discussion of adoption of new and recently issued a ccounting pronouncements.  
   
 
40     Payment Due By Period  
Contractual Obligations  Total    Less than  
1 Year    1-3 Years    4-5 Years    More than  
5 Years    All Other  
   (In thousands)       
1.00% Convertible Senior Notes due 2018 
(1)  $ 1,560,000    $ 15,000    $ 30,000    $ 1,515,000    $ —   $ — 
Inventory purchase obligations  456,000    456,000    —   —   —   — 
Operating leases (2)  241,311    76,741    100,312    36,781    27,477    — 
Uncertain tax positions, interest and 
penalties (3)  120,961    —   —   —   —   120,961  
Capital purchase obligations  51,000    51,000   —  —  —  — 
Capital lease  22,156   5,303   11,060   5,793   —  — 
Retention program (4)  3,521    3,521    —   —   —   — 
Total contractual obligations  $ 2,454,949    $ 607,565    $ 141,372    $ 1,557,574    $ 27,477    $ 120,961  
(1)  Represents the aggregate principal amount of $ 1.50 billion and anticipated interest payments of $ 60.0 million of the Notes. See Note 11 of 
the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part IV, Item 15 of this Annual Report on Form 1 0-K.  
(2)  Includes facilities leases as well as non- cancelable obligations under certain software licen sing arrangements in the operating lease category. 
(3)  Represents unrecognized tax benefits of $121.0 mill ion which consists of $106.6 million plus the relat ed interest and penalties of $14.4 
million recorded in non- current income tax payable as of January 25, 2015.  We are unable to reasonably estimate the timing of  any 
potential tax liability or interest/penalty payment s in individual years due to uncertainties in the u nderlying income tax positions and the 
timing of the effective settlement of such tax posi tions.  
(4)  Represents the remaining portion of a retentio n program totaling approximately  $61.5 million that we initiated in fiscal year 2012 in 
connection with our acquisition of Icera. As of Jan uary 25, 2015 , we have made payments of $58.0 mill ion in connection with this program. 
The remaining payments will be paid out within the next year.  Table of Contents  
 
ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES A BOUT MARKET RISK  
 
Investment and Interest Rate Risk  
   
As of January 25, 2015 and January 26, 2014 , we ha d $4.62 billion and $4.67 billion , respectively, in cash, cash equivalents and marke table 
securities. We invest in a variety of financial ins truments, consisting principally of cash and cash e quivalents, debt securities of corporations and 
United States government and its agencies, asset-ba cked securities, mortgage-backed securities issued by government- sponsored enterprises, money 
market funds and foreign government bonds. As of Ja nuary 25, 2015 , we did not have any investments in  auction-rate preferred securities. All of our 
investments are denominated in United States dollar s.  
 
As of January 25, 2015 , we performed a sensitivity analysis on our floati ng and fixed rate financial investments. According to our analysis, 
parallel shifts in the yield curve of both plus or minus 0.5% would result in changes in fair values f or these investments of $26 million - $28 million . 
Please refer to Note 7 of the Notes to the Consolid ated Financial Statements in Part IV, Item 15 of th is Annual Report on Form 10- K for additional 
information.  
   
Other income and expense could also vary materially  from expectations depending on gains or losses rea lized on the sale or exchange of 
financial instruments; impairment charges related t o debt securities as well as equity and other inves tments; interest rates; and cash, cash equivalent 
and marketable securities balances. Volatility in t he financial markets and economic uncertainty incre ases the risk that the actual amounts realized in 
the future on our financial instruments could diffe r significantly from the fair values currently assi gned to them. As of January 25, 2015 , our 
investments in government agencies and government s ponsored enterprises represented 35% of our total investment portfolio, while the financ ial 
sector accounted for 30% of our total investment portfolio. Substantially al l of our investments are with A/A3 or better rated securities. If the fair 
value of our investments in these sectors was to de cline by 2% - 5%, the fair values of these investme nts could decline by approximately $57 million 
- $144 million .   
 
On December 2, 2013, we issued $1.50 billion of 1.00 % Convertible Senior Notes due 2018, or the  Notes. The Notes are unsecured, 
unsubordinated obligations of the Company, which pa y interest in cash semi- annually at a rate of 1.00% per annum. We carry the  Notes at face value 
less unamortized discount on our consolidated balan ce sheets. Since the Notes bear interest at a fixed  rate, we have no financial statement risk 
associated with changes in interest rates. However,  the fair value of the Notes changes primarily when  the market price of our stock fluctuates.  
 
Exchange Rate Risk  
   
We consider our direct exposure to foreign exchange  rate fluctuations to be minimal. Gains or losses f rom foreign currency remeasurement are 
included in “Other expense, net” in our Consolidated Financial Statements and to dat e have not been significant. The impact of foreign currency 
transaction gain (loss) included in determining net  income for fiscal years 2015 , 2014 and 2013 was $ 0.5 million , $4.7 million and $(1.5) million, 
respectively.    
 
Sales and arrangements with third- party manufacturers provide for pricing and payment  in United States dollars, and, therefore, are not subject to 
exchange rate fluctuations. Increases in the value of the United States’ dollar relative to other currencies would make our products more expensive, 
which could negatively impact our ability to compet e. Conversely, decreases in the value of the United  States’ dollar relative to other currencies 
could result in our suppliers raising their prices in order to continue doing business with us. Additi onally, we have international operations and incur 
expenditures in currencies other than U.S. dollars.  Our operating expenses benefit from a stronger dol lar and are adversely affected by a weaker 
dollar.  
   
We may enter into certain transactions such as forw ard contracts which are designed to reduce the futu re potential impact resulting from changes 
in foreign currency exchange rates. There were no f orward exchange contracts outstanding at January 25 , 2015 .  
 
ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA   
   
The information required by this Item is set forth in our Consolidated Financial Statements and Notes thereto included in this Annual Report on 
Form 10-K.  
   
ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTAN TS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE  
 
None.  
   
 
41  Table of Contents  
 
ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES  
   
Controls and Procedures  
   
Disclosure Controls and Procedures  
   
Based on their evaluation as of January 25, 2015 , our management, including our Chief Executive Off icer and Chief Financial Officer, has 
concluded that our disclosure controls and procedur es (as defined in Rule 13a- 15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as  amended, or the 
Exchange Act) were effective to provide reasonable assurance.  
   
Management’s Annual Report on Internal Control Over  Financial Reporting  
   
Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financia l reporting, as such term is defined in 
Exchange Ac t Rule 13a- 15(f). Under the supervision and with the participa tion of our management, including our Chief Executi ve Officer and 
Chief Financial Officer, we conducted an evaluation  of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of January 25, 2015 based 
on the criteria set forth in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations  of the Treadway 
Commission. Based on our evaluation under the crite ria set forth in Internal Control — Integrated Framework , our management concluded that our 
internal control over financial reporting was effec tive as of January 25, 2015 .  
   
The effectiveness of our internal control over fina ncial reporting as of January 25, 2015 has been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, an 
independent registered public accounting firm, as s tated in its report which is included herein.  
   
Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reportin g  
   
There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during our last fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are 
reasonably likely to materially affect, our interna l control over financial reporting.  
   
Inherent Limitations on Effectiveness of Controls  
   
Our management, including our Chief Executive Offic er and Chief Financial Officer, does not expect tha t our disclosure controls and procedures 
or our internal controls, will prevent all error an d all fraud. A control system, no matter how well c onceived and operated, can provide only 
reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the object ives of the control system are met. Further, the de sign of a control system must reflect the fact that  
there are resource constraints, and the benefits of  controls must be considered relative to their cost s. Because of the inherent limitations in all contr ol 
systems, no evaluation of controls can provide abso lute assurance that all control issues and instance s of fraud, if any, within NVIDIA have been 
detected.  
   
ITEM 9B.  OTHER INFORMATION  
   
None.  
 
42  Table of Contents  
 
PART III  
   
Certain information required by Part III is omitted  from this report because we will file with the SEC  a definitive proxy statement pursuant to 
Regulation 14A, or the 2015 Proxy Statement, no lat er than 120 days after the fiscal year ended Januar y 25, 2015 , and certain information included 
therein is incorporated herein by reference.  
 
ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORAT E GOVERNANCE  
   
Identification of Directors  
   
Reference is made to the information regarding dire ctors appearing under the heading “Proposal 1 - Ele ction of Directors” in our 2015 Proxy 
Statement, which information is hereby incorporated  by reference.  
   
Identification of Executive Officers  
   
Reference is made to the information regarding exec utive officers appearing under the heading “Executi ve Officers of the Registrant” in Part I of 
this Annual Report on Form 10-K, which information is hereby incorporated by reference.  
   
Identification of Audit Committee and Financial Exp erts  
   
Reference is made to the information regarding dire ctors appearing under the heading “ Report of the Audit Committee of the Board of 
Directors” and “Information About the Board of Dire ctors and Corporate Governance” in our 2015 Proxy Statement, which information is hereby 
incorporated by reference.  
   
Material Changes to Procedures for Recommending Dir ectors  
   
Reference is made to the information regarding dire ctors appearing under the heading “ Information About the Board of Directors and Corpor ate 
Governance” in our 2015 Proxy Statement, which info rmation is hereby incorporated by reference.  
   
Compliance with Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act  
 
Reference is made to the information appearing unde r the heading “Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership R eporting Compliance” in our 2015 
Proxy Statement, which information is hereby incorp orated by reference.  
   
Code of Conduct  
   
Reference is made to the information appearing unde r the heading “Information About the Board of Direc tors and Corporate Governance - Code 
of Conduct” in our 2015 Proxy Statement, which info rmation is hereby incorporated by reference. The fu ll text of our “Code” and “ Financial Team 
Code” are published on the Investor Relations porti on of our web site, under Corporate Governance, at www.nvidia.com . The contents of our website 
are not a part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.  
     
ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION  
   
The information required by this item is hereby inc orporated by reference from the sections entitled “ Executive Compensation”, “ Compensation 
Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation”, “D irector Compensation” and “Compensation Committee R eport” in our 2015 Proxy Statement.  
 
 
43  Table of Contents  
 
ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL O WNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER 
MATTERS  
 
Ownership of NVIDIA Securities  
   
The information required by this item is hereby inc orporated by reference from the section entitled “ Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial 
Owners and Management” in our 2015 Proxy Statement.   
 
Equity Compensation Plan Information  
             
Information regarding our equity compensation plans , including both shareholder approved plans and non -shareholder approved plans, will be 
contained in our 2015 Proxy Statement under the cap tion ”Equity Compensation Plan Information,” and is  hereby incorporated by reference.  
 
ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACT IONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE  
   
The information required by this item is hereby inc orporated by reference from the sections entitled “ Review of Transactions with Related 
Persons” and “Information About the Board of Direct ors and Corporate Governance - Independence of the Members of the Board of Directors” in 
our 2015 Proxy Statement.  
 
ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES  
   
The information required by this item is hereby inc orporated by reference from the section entitled “ Fees Billed by the Independent Registered 
Public Accounting Firm” in our 2015 Proxy Statement .   
 
44  Table of Contents  
 
PART IV  
   
ITEM 15.                      EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL S TATEMENT SCHEDULE  
               
 
 
45             Page  
(a)  1.    Consolidated Financial Statements     
          
        Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm, PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP  46 
          
        Consolidated Statements of Income for the years end ed January 25, 2015, January 26, 2014 and 
January 27, 2013  47 
          
        Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for  the years ended January 25, 2015, January 
26, 2014 and January 27, 2013  48 
          
        Consolidated Balance Sheets as of January 25, 2015 and January 26, 2014  49 
          
        Consolidated Statements of Shareholders’ Equity for  the years ended January 25, 2015, January 26, 
2014 and January 27, 2013  50 
          
        Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years  ended January 25, 2015, January 26, 2014 and 
January 27, 2013  51 
          
        Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements  53 
          
   2.    Financial Statement Schedule    
          
        Schedule II Valuation and Qualifying Accounts  87 
          
   3.    Exhibits    
          
        The exhibits listed in the accompanying index to ex hibits are filed or incorporated by reference as a 
part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.  88 Table of Contents  
 
REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM    
 
To the   Stockholders and Board of Directors of NVIDIA Corpo ration:  
 
In our opinion, the accompanying consolidated finan cial statements listed in the index appearing under  item 15(a)(1) present fairly, in all material 
respects, the financial position of NVIDIA Corporat ion and its subsidiaries at January 25, 2015 and Ja nuary 26, 2014 , and the results of their 
operations and their cash flows for each of the thr ee years in the period ended January 25, 2015 in conformity with accounting principles generally 
accepted in the United States of America. In additi on, in our opinion, the financial statement schedul e listed in the index appearing under item 15(a) 
(2) presents fairly, in all material respects, the information set forth therein when read in conjunct ion with the related consolidated financial 
statements. Also in our opinion, the Company mainta ined, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of January 25, 
2015 , based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organi zations of the 
Treadway Commission (COSO). The Company's managemen t is responsible for these financial statements, an d financial statement schedule, for 
maintaining effective internal control over financi al reporting and for its assessment of the effectiv eness of internal control over financial reporting,  
included in Management's Report on Internal Control  over Financial Reporting appearing under Item9A. O ur responsibility is to express opinions on 
these financial statements, on the financial statem ent schedule, and on the Company's internal control  over financial reporting based on our integrated 
audits. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Over sight Board (United States). Those 
standards require that we plan and perform the audi ts to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the  financial statements are free of material 
misstatement and whether effective internal control  over financial reporting was maintained in all mat erial respects. Our audits of the financial 
statements included examining, on a test basis, evi dence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the  financial statements, assessing the accounting 
principles used and significant estimates made by m anagement, and evaluating the overall financial sta tement presentation. Our audit of internal 
control over financial reporting included obtaining  an understanding of internal control over financia l reporting, assessing the risk that a material 
weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the des ign and operating effectiveness of internal control  based on the assessed risk. Our audits also 
included performing such other procedures as we con sidered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis 
for our opinions.  
 
A company’ s internal control over financial reporting is a pr ocess designed to provide reasonable assurance rega rding the reliability of financial 
reporting and the preparation of financial statemen ts for external purposes in accordance with general ly accepted accounting principles. A company’ s 
internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to t he maintenance of records that, in reasonable detai l, 
accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (ii) pro vide reasonable assurance that transactions are 
recorded as necessary to permit preparation of fina ncial statements in accordance with generally accep ted accounting principles, and that receipts and 
expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and di rectors of the company; and (iii) provide 
reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely  detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or dis position of the company’ s assets that could have 
a material effect on the financial statements.  
 
Because of its inherent limitations, internal contr ol over financial reporting may not prevent or dete ct misstatements. Also, projections of any 
evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are s ubject to the risk that controls may become inadequ ate because of changes in conditions, or that the 
degree of compliance with the policies or procedure s may deteriorate.  
 
/s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP  
San Jose, California  
 
March 11, 2015  
 
 
46  Table of Contents  
 
NVIDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES  
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME  
(In thousands, except per share data)  
 
    
See accompanying notes to the consolidated financia l statements.  
 
 
47     Year Ended  
   January 25,  
2015    January 26,  
2014    January 27,  
2013  
Revenue  $ 4,681,507    $ 4,130,162    $ 4,280,159  
Cost of revenue  2,082,030    1,862,399    2,053,816  
Gross profit  2,599,477    2,267,763    2,226,343  
Operating expenses:               
Research and development  1,359,725    1,335,834    1,147,282  
Sales, general and administrative  480,763    435,702    430,822  
Total operating expenses  1,840,488    1,771,536    1,578,104  
Income from operations  758,989    496,227    648,239  
Interest income  28,090    17,119    19,908  
Interest expense  46,133    10,443    3,294  
Other income (expense), net  13,890    7,351    (2,814 ) 
Income before income tax  754,836    510,254    662,039  
Income tax expense  124,249    70,264    99,503  
Net income  $ 630,587    $ 439,990    $ 562,536  
            
Net income per share:               
Basic  $ 1.14    $ 0.75    $ 0.91  
Diluted  $ 1.12    $ 0.74    $ 0.90  
            
Weighted average shares used in per share computati on:               
Basic  552,319    587,893    619,324  
Diluted  563,068    594,517    624,957  
            
Cash dividends declared and paid per common share  $ 0.340    $ 0.310    $ 0.075  Table of Contents  
 
NVIDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES  
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME  
(In thousands)  
 
See accompanying notes to the consolidated financia l statements.  
 
 
48       Year Ended  
     January 25, 2015   January 26, 2014   January 27, 2013 
Net income    $ 630,587    $ 439,990    $ 562,536  
Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax:                 
Net change in unrealized gains (losses) on availabl e-for-sale securities, net of 
taxes of $(747), $134 and $(126) in fiscal years 20 15, 2014 and 2013, respectively   3,061    (3,555 )   (303 ) 
Reclassification adjustments for net realized gains  on available-for-sale securities 
included in net income, net of taxes of $51, $834 a nd $178 in fiscal years 2015, 
2014 and 2013, respectively    (94 )   (1,549 )   (330 ) 
Other comprehensive income (loss)    2,967    (5,104 )   (633 ) 
Total comprehensive income    $ 633,554    $ 434,886    $ 561,903  Table of Contents  
 
NVIDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES  
CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS  
(In thousands, except per share data)  
 
   
See accompanying notes to the consolidated financia l statements.  
 
 
49     January 25, 
2015    January 26, 2014  
ASSETS          
Current assets:          
Cash and cash equivalents  $ 496,654    $ 1,151,587  
Marketable securities  4,126,685    3,520,223  
Accounts receivable, less allowances of $16,982 as of January 25, 2015 and $14,959 as of January 
26, 2014  473,637    426,357  
Inventories  482,893    387,765  
Prepaid expenses and other current assets  70,174    70,285  
Deferred income taxes  63,254    68,494  
Total current assets  5,713,297    5,624,711  
Property and equipment, net  557,282    582,740  
Goodwill  618,179    643,179  
Intangible assets, net  221,714    296,012  
Other assets  90,896    104,252  
Total assets  $ 7,201,368    $  7,250,894  
LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY          
Current liabilities:          
Accounts payable  $ 293,223    $ 324,391  
Accrued liabilities and other current liabilities  602,807    621,105  
Total current liabilities  896,030    945,496  
        
Long-term debt  1,384,342    1,356,375  
Other long-term liabilities  488,928    475,125  
Capital lease obligations, long-term  14,086    17,500  
Commitments and contingencies - see  Note 12  —   — 
Shareholders’ equity:          
Preferred stock, $.001 par value; 2,000 shares auth orized; none issued  —   — 
Common stock, $.001 par value; 2,000,000 shares aut horized; 758,872 shares issued and 544,913 
outstanding as of January 25, 2015; 735,242 shares issued and 567,997 outstanding as of January 26, 
2014  754    732  
Additional paid-in capital  3,855,092    3,483,342  
Treasury stock, at cost (213,959 shares in 2015 and  167,246 shares in 2014)  (3,394,585 )   (2,537,295 ) 
Accumulated other comprehensive income  7,844    4,877  
Retained earnings  3,948,877    3,504,742  
Total shareholders' equity  4,417,982    4,456,398  
Total liabilities and shareholders' equity  $ 7,201,368    $  7,250,894  Table of Contents  
 
NVIDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES  
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY  
(In thousands)  
 
 See accompanying notes to the consolidated financi al statements.   
 
50     Common  Stock  
Outstanding    Additional    Treasury    Accumulated 
Other 
Comprehensive   Retained    Total 
Shareholders' 
   Shares 
                                        Amount    Paid-in 
Capital     Stock     Income     Earnings     Equity  
Balances, January 29, 2012  612,191    $ 700    $ 2,900,896    $ (1,496,904 )   $ 10,614    $ 2,730,418    $ 4,145,724  
Other comprehensive loss  —   —   —   —   (633 )    —   (633 )  
Net income  —   —   —   —   —   562,536    562,536  
Issuance of common stock from stock plans   14,801   20   90,721   —  —  —   90,741  
Tax withholding related to vesting of restricted 
stock units  (1,836 )   —  —  (25,805 )  —  —   (25,805 )  
Share repurchase  (8,400 )   —  —  (100,000 )  —  —   (100,000 )  
Cash dividends declared and paid ($0.075 per 
common share)  —  —  —  —  —  (46,866 )   (46,866 )  
Tax benefit from stock-based compensation    —  —  64,905   —  —  —   64,905  
Stock-based compensation  —  —  137,101   —  —  —   137,101  
Balances, January 27, 2013  616,756   720   3,193,623   (1,622,709 )  9,981   3,246,088    4,827,703  
Other comprehensive loss  —  —  —  —  (5,104 )   —   (5,104 )  
Net income  —  —  —  —  —  439,990    439,990  
Issuance of common stock from stock plans   15,089   12   97,442   —  —  —   97,454  
Tax withholding related to vesting of restricted 
stock units  (1,944 )   —  —  (27,282 )  —  —   (27,282 )  
Share repurchase  (61,904 )   —  —  (887,304 )  —  —   (887,304 )  
Discount on convertible notes  —  —  125,725   —  —  —   125,725  
Purchase of convertible note hedges  —  —  (167,100 )  —  —  —   (167,100 )  
Proceeds from the sale of common stock 
warrants  —  —  59,100   —  —  —   59,100  
Deferred tax asset associated with convertible 
notes  —  —  14,481   —  —  —   14,481  
Cash dividends declared and paid ($0.310 per 
common share)  —  —  —  —  —  (181,336 )   (181,336 )  
Tax benefit from stock-based compensation    —  —  23,827   —  —  —   23,827  
Stock-based compensation  —  —  136,244   —  —  —   136,244  
Balances, January 26, 2014  567,997   732   3,483,342   (2,537,295 )  4,877   3,504,742    4,456,398  
Other comprehensive income  —  —  —  —  2,967   —   2,967  
Net income  —  —  —  —  —  630,587    630,587  
Issuance of common stock from stock plans   23,629   22   197,140   (6 )  —  —   197,156  
Tax withholding related to vesting of restricted 
stock units  (2,326 )   —  —  (43,684 )  —  —   (43,684 )  
Share repurchase  (44,387 )   —  —  (813,600 )  —  —   (813,600 )  
Cash dividends declared and paid ($0.340 per 
common share)  —  —  —  —  —  (186,452 )   (186,452 )  
Tax benefit from stock-based compensation    —  —  16,625   —  —  —   16,625  
Stock-based compensation  —  —  157,985   —  —  —   157,985  
Balances, January 25, 2015  544,913   $ 754   $ 3,855,092   $ (3,394,585 )  $ 7,844   $ 3,948,877    $ 4,417,982  Table of Contents  
 
 
NVIDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES  
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS  
(In thousands)  
 
 
 
51          Year Ended        
   January 25, 2015    January 26, 2014     January 27, 2013  
Cash flows from operating activities:                
Net income  $ 630,587    $ 439,990     $ 562,536  
Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash pro vided by operating activities:                
Depreciation and amortization  220,125    239,148     226,235  
Stock-based compensation expense  157,841    136,295     136,662  
Amortization of debt discount  27,967    4,600     — 
Net gain on sale and disposal of long-lived assets and investments  (16,549 )    (8,140 )     — 
Deferred income taxes  82,569    15,430     31,860  
Tax benefit from stock-based compensation  (18,456 )    (25,801 )     (68,710 )  
Others  24,099    21,387     47,911  
Changes in operating assets and liabilities, net of  effects of acquisitions:                
Accounts receivable  (49,324 )    28,852     (118,940 )  
Inventories  (94,984 )    24,651     (78,949 )  
Prepaid expenses and other assets  4,427    11,552     (11,723 )  
Accounts payable  (26,895 )    (20,382 )     10,885  
Accrued liabilities and other current liabilities  5,322    5,352     17,353  
Other long-term liabilities  (41,073 )    (37,788 )     69,052  
Net cash provided by operating activities  905,656    835,146     824,172  
Cash flows from investing activities:                
Purchases of marketable securities  (2,861,809 )    (3,065,404 )     (2,378,445 )  
Proceeds from sales of marketable securities  1,371,982    1,926,817     854,993  
Proceeds from maturities of marketable securities  864,798    585,150     962,417  
Purchases of property and equipment and intangible assets  (122,381 )    (255,186 )     (183,309 )  
Proceeds from sale of long-lived assets and investm ents  20,862    24,781     — 
Acquisition of businesses, net of cash and cash equ ivalents  —   (17,145 )     — 
Others  (500 )    (4,950 )     352  
Net cash used in investing activities  (727,048 )    (805,937 )     (743,992 )  
Cash flows from financing activities:                
Proceeds from issuance of convertible notes, net  —   1,477,500     — 
Purchase of convertible note hedges  —   (167,100 )     — 
Proceeds from the sale of common stock warrants  —   59,100     — 
Proceeds from issuance of common stock under employ ee stock plans  153,472    70,170     64,935  
Payments related to repurchases of common stock  (813,600 )    (887,304 )     (100,000 )  
Dividends paid  (186,452 )    (181,336 )     (46,866 )  
Tax benefit from stock-based compensation  18,456    25,801     68,710  
Payments under capital lease obligations  (2,917 )    (2,239 )     (2,049 )  
Others  (2,500 )    (5,000 )     — 
Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities   (833,541 )    389,592     (15,270 )  
Change in cash and cash equivalents  (654,933 )    418,801     64,910  
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period  1,151,587    732,786     667,876  
Cash and cash equivalents at end of period  $ 496,654    $ 1,151,587     $ 732,786  Table of Contents  
 
 
See accompanying notes to the consolidated financia l statements.  
 
52     Year Ended  
   January 25, 2015     January 26, 2014    January 27, 2013  
Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information:                
Cash (received) paid for income taxes, net  $ 14,470     $ 14,615    $ (38,608 )  
Cash paid for interest on capital lease obligations   $ 17,208     $ 2,518    $ 2,772  
            
Non-cash investing and financing activities:                
Change in unrealized gains (losses) from marketable  securities  $ 2,967     $ (5,104 )    $ (633 )  
Assets acquired by assuming related liabilities  $ 9,605     $ 3,327    $ 45,195  
Goodwill adjustment related to previously acquired business  $ (25,000 )     $ —   $ — Table of Contents  
 
NVIDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES  
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
  
Note 1 - Organization and Summary of Significant Ac counting Policies  
   
Our Company  
 
NVIDIA is dedicated to advancing visual computing. We enable individuals to interact with digital idea s, data and entertainment with an ease 
and efficiency unmatched by any other communication  medium.  
 
Our two reporting segments - GPU and Tegra Processo r - are based on a single underlying graphics archi tecture.  
 
Our GPU product brands aimed at specialized markets  include GeForce for gamers; Quadro for designers; Tesla for researchers, deep learning 
and big-data analysts; and GRID for cloud-based vis ual computing users.  
 
We also integrate our GPUs into tiny mobile chips c alled system-on-a- chip (SOC) processors, which power tablets, and aut omotive infotainment 
and safety systems. Our Tegra brand integrates an e ntire computer onto a single chip, incorporating GP Us and multi- core CPUs with audio, video 
and input/output capabilities. They can also be int egrated with baseband processors to add voice and d ata communication. Tegra conserves power 
while delivering state-of-the-art graphics and mult imedia processing.  
 
Headquartered in Santa Clara, California, NVIDIA wa s incorporated in California in April 1993 and rein corporated in Delaware in April 1998.  
 
All references to “NVIDIA,” “we,” “us,” “our” or th e “Company” mean NVIDIA Corporation and its subsidiaries, excep t where it is made clear 
that the term means only the parent company.  
 
Fiscal Year  
   
We operate on a 52- or a 53-week year, ending on th e last Sunday in January. Fiscal years 2015 , 2014 and 2013 were 52-week years.  
   
Reclassifications  
 
Certain prior fiscal year balances have been reclas sified to conform to the current fiscal year presen tation.  
 
Principles of Consolidation  
   
Our consolidated financial statements include the a ccounts of NVIDIA Corporation and its wholly- owned subsidiaries. All material 
intercompany balances and transactions have been el iminated in consolidation.  
 
Use of Estimates  
   
The preparation of financial statements in conformi ty with accounting principles generally accepted in  the United States, or U.S. GAAP, requires 
management to make estimates and assumptions that a ffect the reported amounts of assets and liabilitie s and disclosures of contingent assets and 
liabilities at the date of the financial statements  and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses d uring the reporting period. Actual results could 
differ from those estimates. On an on- going basis, we evaluate our estimates, including t hose related to revenue recognition, inventories, i ncome 
taxes, goodwill, cash equivalents and marketable se curities, stock- based compensation, and litigation, investigation a nd settlement costs and other 
contingencies. These estimates are based on histori cal facts and various other assumptions that we bel ieve are reasonable.  
 
 
53  Table of Contents  
NVIDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES  
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
(Continued)  
 
 
Revenue Recognition  
   
Product Revenue  
 
We recognize revenue from product sales when persua sive evidence of an arrangement exists, the product  has been delivered, the price is fixed 
or determinable and collection of the related recei vable is reasonably assured. For most sales, we use  a binding purchase order and in certain cases we 
use a contractual agreement as evidence of an arran gement. We consider delivery to occur upon shipment  provided title and risk of loss have passed 
to the customer. At the point of sale, we assess wh ether the arrangement fee is fixed or determinable and whether collection is reasonably assured. If 
we determine that collection of a fee is not reason ably assured, we defer the fee and recognize revenu e at the time collection becomes reasonably 
assured, which is generally upon receipt of payment .  
For sales to certain distributors with rights of re turn for which the level of returns cannot be reaso nably estimated, our policy is to defer 
recognition of revenue and related cost of revenue until the distributors resell the product and, in s ome cases, when customer return rights lapse.  
Our customer programs primarily involve rebates, wh ich are designed to serve as sales incentives to re sellers of our products in various target 
markets. We account for rebates as a reduction of r evenue and recognize a liability for these rebates at the later of the date at which we record the 
related revenue or the date at which we offer the r ebate. Unclaimed rebates are reversed to revenue.  
Our customer programs also include marketing develo pment funds, or MDFs.  MDFs represent monies paid t o retailers, system builders, original 
equipment manufacturers, or OEMs, distributors, add -in card partners and other channel partners that ar e earmarked for market segment development 
and expansion and typically are designed to support  our partners’ activities while also promoting NVIDIA products. We  account for MDFs as a 
reduction of revenue and apply a breakage factor to  certain types of MDF programs.  
 
We also record a reduction to revenue by establishi ng a sales return allowance for estimated product r eturns at the time revenue is recognized, 
based primarily on historical return rates. However , if product returns for a particular fiscal period  exceed historical return rates we may determine 
that additional sales return allowances are require d to properly reflect our estimated exposure for pr oduct returns.  
 
License and Development Revenue  
 
For license arrangements that require significant c ustomization of our intellectual property component s, we generally recognize the related 
revenue over the period that services are performed . For most license and service arrangements, we det ermine progress to completion based on actual 
direct labor hours incurred to date as a percentage  of the estimated total direct labor hours required  to complete the project. A provision for estimated  
losses on contracts is made in the period in which the loss becomes probable and can be reasonably est imated. Costs incurred in advance of revenue 
recognized are recorded as deferred costs on uncomp leted contracts. If the amount billed exceeds the a mount of revenue recognized, the excess 
amount is recorded as deferred revenue.  
 
For license arrangements that do not require signif icant customization but where we are obligated to p rovide further deliverables over the term of 
the license agreement, we record revenue over the l ife of the license term, with consideration receive d in advance of the performance period 
classified as deferred revenue.  
 
Royalty revenue is recognized related to the distri bution or sale of products that use our technologie s under license agreements with third 
parties.  We recognize royalty revenue upon receipt  of a confirmation of earned royalties and when col lectability is reasonably assured from the 
applicable licensee.  
 
Research and Development Expense  
 
Research and development expense includes the conce ptual formulation, design, and testing of product a lternatives, construction of prototypes, 
and operation of pilot plants Research and developm ent costs are charged to expense as incurred.  
 
 
54  Table of Contents  
NVIDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES  
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
(Continued)  
 
 
Advertising Expenses  
 
We expense advertising costs in the period in which  they are incurred. Advertising expenses for fiscal  years 2015 , 2014 and 2013 were $ 14.6 
million , $13.1 million and $9.2 million , respecti vely.   
 
Rent Expense  
   
We recognize rent expense on a straight-line basis over the lease period and accrue for rent expense i ncurred, but not paid.  
   
Product Warranties  
   
We generally offer limited warranty to end- users that ranges from one to three years for produ cts in order to repair or replace products for any 
manufacturing defects or hardware component failure s. Cost of revenue includes the estimated cost of p roduct warranties that are calculated at the 
point of revenue recognition. Under limited circums tances, we may offer an extended limited warranty t o customers for certain products. We also 
accrue for known warranty and indemnification issue s if a loss is probable and can be reasonably estim ated.  
 
Stock-based Compensation  
        
We estimate the fair value of employee stock option s on the date of grant using a binomial model and r ecognize the expense using a straight- line 
attribution method over the requisite employee serv ice period. We use the closing trading price of our  common stock on the date of grant, minus a 
dividend yield discount, as the fair value of award s of restricted stock units, or RSUs, and performan ce stock units, or PSUs. The compensation 
expense for the RSUs is recognized using a straight -line attribution method over the requisite employee  service period while compensation expense 
for PSUs is recognized using an accelerated amortiz ation model. We estimate the fair value of shares t o be issued under our employee stock purchase 
plan, or ESPP, using the Black-Scholes model at the  commencement of an offering period in March and Se ptember of each year. Stock- based 
compensation for our ESPP is expensed using an acce lerated amortization model.  
 
Litigation, Investigation and Settlement Costs  
 
From time to time, we are involved in legal actions  and/or investigations by regulatory bodies. We are  aggressively defending our current 
litigation matters. However, there are many uncerta inties associated with any litigation or investigat ion, and we cannot be certain that these actions or  
other third- party claims against us will be resolved without li tigation, fines and/or substantial settlement payme nts. If that occurs, our business, 
financial condition and results of operations could  be materially and adversely affected. If informati on becomes available that causes us to determine 
that a loss in any of our pending litigation, inves tigations or settlements is probable, and we can re asonably estimate the loss associated with such 
events, we will record the loss in accordance with U.S. GAAP. However, the actual liability in any suc h litigation or investigation may be materially 
different from our estimates, which could require u s to record additional costs.  
 
Foreign Currency Remeasurement  
   
We use the United States dollar as our functional c urrency for all of our subsidiaries. Foreign curren cy monetary assets and liabilities are 
remeasured into United States dollars at end-of-per iod exchange rates. Non- monetary assets and liabilities such as property an d equipment, and 
equity are remeasured at historical exchange rates.  Revenue and expenses are remeasured at average exc hange rates in effect during each period, 
except for those expenses related to the previously  noted balance sheet amounts, which are remeasured at historical exchange rates. Gains or losses 
from foreign currency remeasurement are included in  “Other income (expense), net” in our Consolidated Statements of Income and to dat e have not 
been significant.  
 
The impact of gain or loss from foreign currency re measurement included in determining other income (e xpense), net for fiscal years 2015 , 
2014 and 2013 was $ 0.5 million , $ 4.7 million and  $ (1.5) million , respectively.    
 
 
55  Table of Contents  
NVIDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES  
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
(Continued)  
 
 
Income Taxes  
   
We recognize federal, state and foreign current tax  liabilities or assets based on our estimate of tax es payable or refundable in the current fiscal 
year by tax jurisdiction. We recognize federal, sta te and foreign deferred tax assets or liabilities, as appropriate, for our estimate of future tax effe cts 
attributable to temporary differences and carryforw ards; and we record a valuation allowance to reduce  any deferred tax assets by the amount of any 
tax benefits that, based on available evidence and judgment, are not expected to be realized.  
 
United States income tax has not been provided on a  portion of earnings of our non- U.S. subsidiaries to the extent that such earnings are 
considered to be indefinitely reinvested.  
 
Our calculation of current and deferred tax assets and liabilities is based on certain estimates and j udgments and involves dealing with 
uncertainties in the application of complex tax law s. Our estimates of current and deferred tax assets  and liabilities may change based, in part, on 
added certainty or finality to an anticipated outco me, changes in accounting standards or tax laws in the United States, or foreign jurisdictions where 
we operate, or changes in other facts or circumstan ces. In addition, we recognize liabilities for pote ntial United States and foreign income tax 
contingencies based on our estimate of whether, and  the extent to which, additional taxes may be due. If we determine that payment of these amounts 
is unnecessary or if the recorded tax liability is less than our current assessment, we may be require d to recognize an income tax benefit or additional 
income tax expense in our financial statements acco rdingly.  
 
As of January 25, 2015, we had a valuation allowanc e of $261.0 million related to state and certain foreign deferred tax a ssets that management 
determined are not likely to be realized due, in pa rt, to projections of future taxable income and pot ential utilization limitations of tax attributes 
acquired as a result of stock ownership changes.  T o the extent realization of the deferred tax assets  becomes more-likely-than- not, we would 
recognize such deferred tax asset as an income tax benefit during the period.  
 
Our deferred tax assets do not include the excess t ax benefit related to stock- based compensation that are a component of our fede ral and state 
net operating loss and research tax credit carryfor wards in the amount of $411.9 million as of January 25, 2015. Consistent with prior years , the 
excess tax benefit reflected in our net operating l oss and research tax credit carryforwards will be a ccounted for as a credit to shareholders' equity, i f 
and when realized. In determining if and when exces s tax benefits have been realized, we have elected to utilize the with-and- without approach with 
respect to such excess tax benefits. We have also e lected to ignore the indirect tax effects of stock- based compensation deductions for financial and 
accounting reporting purposes, and specifically to recognize the full effect of the research tax credi t in income from operations.  
   
We recognize the benefit from a tax position only i f it is more-likely-than- not that the position would be sustained upon audit  based solely on the 
technical merits of the tax position. Our policy is  to include interest and penalties related to unrec ognized tax benefits as a component of income tax 
expense. Please refer to Note 13 of these Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additiona l information.  
 
Comprehensive Income  
   
Comprehensive income consists of net income and oth er comprehensive income (loss). Other comprehensive  income (loss) components include 
unrealized gains (losses) on available-for-sale sec urities, net of tax.  
 
Net Income Per Share  
   
Basic net income per share is computed using the we ighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period. Diluted net income 
per share is computed using the weighted average nu mber of common and potentially dilutive shares outs tanding during the period, using the treasury 
stock method. Under the treasury stock method, the effect of stock options outstanding is not included  in the computation of diluted net income per 
share for periods when their effect is anti- dilutive. Additionally, we issued convertible notes  with a net settlement feature that requires us, up on 
conversion, to settle the principal amount of debt for cash and the conversion premium for cash or sha res of our common stock. Our convertible 
notes, note hedges, and related warrants contain va rious conversion features, which are further descri bed in Note 11 of these Notes to the 
Consolidated Financial Statements. The potentially dilutive shares resulting from the convertible note s and warrants under the treasury stock method 
will be included in the calculation of diluted inco me per share when their inclusion is dilutive. Howe ver, unless actually exercised, the note hedges 
will not be included in the calculation of diluted net income per share, as their pre-exercised effect  would be anti- dilutive under the treasury stock 
method.  
 
56  Table of Contents  
NVIDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES  
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
(Continued)  
 
 
 
Cash and Cash Equivalents  
   
We consider all highly liquid investments that are readily convertible into cash and have an original maturity of three months or less at the time 
of purchase to be cash equivalents. As of January 2 5, 2015 and January 26, 2014 , our cash and cash eq uivalents were $496.7 million and $1,151.6 
million , respectively, which include $ 132.5 milli on and $307.9 million invested in money market fund s for fiscal year 2015 and fiscal year 2014 , 
respectively.  
 
Marketable Securities  
   
Marketable securities consist primarily of highly l iquid investments with maturities of greater than t hree months when purchased. We generally 
classify our marketable securities at the date of a cquisition as available-for- sale. These securities are reported at fair value w ith the related unrealized 
gains and losses included in accumulated other comp rehensive income, a component of shareholders’ equi ty, net of tax. The fair value of interest-
bearing securities includes accrued interest. Any u nrealized losses which are considered to be other-t han-temporary impairments are recorded in the 
other income and expense section of our consolidate d statements of income. Realized gains and losses o n the sale of marketable securities are 
determined using the specific-identification method  and recorded in the other income and expense secti on of our consolidated statements of income.  
 
All of our available-for- sale investments are subject to a periodic impairme nt review. We record a charge to earnings when a de cline in fair value 
is significantly below cost basis and judged to be other-than-temporary, or have other indicators of i mpairments. If the fair value of an available-for-
sale debt instrument is less than its amortized cos t basis, an other-than- temporary impairment is triggered in circumstances where (1) we intend to 
sell the instrument, (2) it is more likely than not  that we will be required to sell the instrument be fore recovery of its amortized cost basis, or (3) a  
credit loss exists where we do not expect to recove r the entire amortized cost basis of the instrument . In these situations, we recognize an other-than-
temporary impairment in earnings equal to the entir e difference between the debt instruments’ amortize d cost basis and its fair value. For available-
for-sale debt instruments that are considered other -than-temporarily impaired due to the existence of a cred it loss, if we do not intend to sell and it is 
not more likely than not that we will not be requir ed to sell the instrument before recovery of its re maining amortized cost basis (amortized cost basis 
less any current- period credit loss), we separate the amount of the impairment into the amount that is credit related a nd the amount due to all other 
factors. The credit loss component is recognized in  earnings while loss related to all other factors i s recorded as other comprehensive income.  
   
Fair Value of Financial Instruments  
   
The carrying value of cash equivalents, accounts re ceivable, accounts payable and accrued liabilities approximate their fair values due to their 
relatively short maturities as of January 25, 2015 and January 26, 2014 . Marketable securities are co mprised of available-for- sale securities that are 
reported at fair value with the related unrealized gains and losses included in accumulated other comp rehensive income, a component of 
shareholders’ equity, net of tax. Fair value of the  marketable securities is determined based on quote d market prices.  
 
Concentration of Credit Risk  
   
Financial instruments that potentially subject us t o concentrations of credit risk consist primarily o f cash equivalents, marketable securities, 
accounts receivable and the note hedge. Our investm ent policy requires the purchase of high grade inve stment securities, the diversification of asset 
type and includes certain limits on our portfolio d uration. All marketable securities are held in our name, managed by several investment managers 
and held by one major financial institution under a  custodial arrangement. Accounts receivable from si gnificant customers, those representing 10% or 
more of total accounts receivable, aggregated appro ximately 30% of our accounts receivable balance fro m two customers at January 25, 2015 and 
approximately 23% of our accounts receivable balanc e from one customer at January 26, 2014 . We perform ongoing credit evaluations of our 
customers’ financial condition and maintain an allowance for p otential credit losses. This allowance consists of an amount identified for specific 
customers and an amount based on overall estimated exposure. Our overall estimated exposure excludes a mounts covered by credit insurance and 
letters of credit.  
 
 
57  Table of Contents  
NVIDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES  
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
(Continued)  
 
 
Accounts Receivable  
   
We maintain an allowance for doubtful accounts rece ivable for estimated losses resulting from the inab ility of our customers to make required 
payments. We determine this allowance, which consis ts of an amount identified for specific customer is sues as well as an amount based on overall 
estimated exposure. Factors impacting the allowance  include the level of gross receivables, the financ ial condition of our customers and the extent to 
which balances are covered by credit insurance or l etters of credit.  
 
Inventories  
 
Inventory cost is computed on an adjusted standard basis, which approximates actual cost on an average  or first-in, first- out basis. Inventory 
costs consist primarily of the cost of semiconducto rs purchased from subcontractors, including wafer f abrication, assembly, testing and packaging, 
manufacturing support costs, including labor and ov erhead associated with such purchases, final test y ield fallout, and shipping costs, as well as the 
cost of purchased memory products and other compone nt parts. We charge cost of sales for inventory pro visions to write down our inventory to the 
lower of cost or estimated market value or to compl etely write off obsolete or excess inventory. Most of our inventory provisions relate to the write-
off of excess quantities of products, based on our inventory levels and future product purchase commit ments compared to assumptions about future 
demand and market conditions. Once inventory has be en written-off or written- down, it creates a new cost basis for the inventory  that is not 
subsequently written-up.  
Property and Equipment  
   
Property and equipment are stated at cost. Deprecia tion of property and equipment is computed using th e straight- line method based on the 
estimated useful lives of the assets, generally thr ee to five years. Once an asset is identified for r etirement or disposition, the related cost and 
accumulated depreciation or amortization are remove d, and a gain or loss is recorded. The estimated us eful lives of our buildings are up to twenty 
five years. Depreciation expense includes the amort ization of assets recorded under capital leases. Le asehold improvements and assets recorded 
under capital leases are amortized over the shorter  of the expected lease term or the estimated useful  life of the asset.  
Goodwill  
 
Goodwill is subject to our annual impairment test d uring the fourth quarter of our fiscal year, or ear lier if indicators of potential impairment 
exist.  For the purposes of completing our impairme nt test, we perform either a qualitative or a quant itative analysis on a reporting unit basis.   
For those reporting units where a significant chang e or event has occurred, where potential impairment  indicators exist, or for which we have not 
performed a quantitative assessment recently, we ut ilize a two- step quantitative assessment to testing goodwill fo r impairment. The first step tests for 
possible impairment by applying a fair value- based test by weighing the results from the income approach and the market approach. The second step, 
if necessary, measures the amount of such impairmen t by applying fair value-based tests to individual assets and liabilities. Please refer to Note 5 of 
these Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement s for additional information.   
 
Intangible Assets  
 
Intangible assets primarily represent rights acquir ed under technology licenses, patents, acquired int ellectual property, trademarks and customer 
relationships and are subject to an annual impairme nt test. We currently amortize our intangible asset s with definitive lives over periods ranging from 
one to ten years using a method that reflects the p attern in which the economic benefits of the intang ible asset are consumed or otherwise used up or, 
if that pattern cannot be reliably determined, usin g a straight-line amortization method.  
 
 
58  Table of Contents  
NVIDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES  
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
(Continued)  
 
 
Impairment of Long-Lived Assets  
   
Long-lived assets, such as property and equipment and in tangible assets subject to amortization are reviewe d for impairment whenever events or 
changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying  amount of an asset, or asset group may not be reco verable. Recoverability of assets to be held and 
used is measured by a comparison of the carrying am ount of an asset, or asset group to estimated undis counted future cash flows expected to be 
generated by the asset, or asset group. If the carr ying amount of an asset or asset group exceeds its estimated future cash flows, an impairment charge 
is recognized for the amount by which the carrying amount of the asset or asset group exceeds the esti mated fair value of the asset or asset group. 
Fair value is determined based on the estimated dis counted future cash flows expected to be generated by the asset or asset group. Assets and 
liabilities to be disposed of would be separately p resented in the consolidated balance sheet and the assets would be reported at the lower of the 
carrying amount or fair value less costs to sell, a nd would no longer be depreciated.  
 
Accounting for Asset Retirement Obligations  
   
We account for asset retirement obligations associa ted with the retirement of tangible long- lived assets and the associated asset retirement co sts. 
The accounting guidance applies to legal obligation s associated with the retirement of long- lived assets that result from the acquisition, cons truction, 
development and/or normal use of the assets and req uires that the fair value of a liability for an ass et retirement obligation be recognized in the perio d 
in which it is incurred if a reasonable estimate of  fair value can be made. The fair value of the liab ility is added to the carrying amount of the 
associated asset and this additional carrying amoun t is depreciated over the life of the asset. As of January 25, 2015 and January 26, 2014 , our asset 
retirement obligations to return the leasehold impr ovements at our headquarters facility and certain l aboratories at our domestic and international 
facilities to their original condition upon lease t ermination were $7.4 million and $11.1 million , re spectively.  
 
Adoption of New and Recently Issued Accounting Pron ouncements  
 
In May 2014, the FASB issued a new accounting stand ard update that creates a single source of revenue guidance under U.S. GAAP for all 
companies, in all industries. Under the new standar d, recognition of revenue occurs when a customer ob tains control of promised goods or services in 
an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for t hose goods or services. In addition, the new 
guidance requires that reporting companies disclose  the nature, amount, timing, and uncertainty of rev enue and cash flows arising from contracts 
with customers, including significant judgments and  estimates used. This new guidance is effective for  annual reporting periods beginning after 
December 15, 2016, including interim periods within  that reporting period. Early adoption is not permi tted. We will adopt this guidance either by 
using a full retrospective approach for all periods  presented in the period of adoption or a modified retrospective approach. We are currently 
evaluating the impact of this accounting guidance o n our consolidated financial statements and have no t yet determined which transition method we 
will apply.  
 
Note 2 - Stock-Based Compensation  
 
Our stock-based compensation expense is associated with stock options, RSUs, PSUs and our ESPP.  
 
Our consolidated statements of income include stock -based compensation expense, net of amounts capital ized as inventory, as follows:  
 
Stock-based compensation capitalized in inventories  resulted in a net charge of $0.1 million , $0.1 mi llion and $0.4 million in cost of revenue 
during the fiscal years 2015, 2014 and 2013, respec tively.  
 
 
59     Year Ended  
   January 25,  
2015    January 26,  
2014    January 27,  
2013  
   (In thousands)  
Cost of revenue  $ 12,022    $ 10,688    $ 10,490  
Research and development  88,355    82,940    82,157  
Sales, general and administrative  57,464    42,667    44,015  
Total  $ 157,841    $ 136,295    $ 136,662  Table of Contents  
NVIDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES  
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
(Continued)  
 
 
The following is a summary of equity awards granted  under our equity incentive plans:  
 
During fiscal year 2015, we shifted away from grant ing stock options and toward granting RSUs and PSUs  to reflect changing market trends for 
equity incentives at our peer companies. The number  of PSUs that will ultimately vest is contingent on  the Company’ s level of achievement versus 
the corporate financial performance target establis hed by our Compensation Committee in the beginning of each fiscal year. The number of shares of 
our stock to be received at vesting typically range s from 0% to 200% of the target amount.  
 
Of the estimated total grant-date fair value, we es timated that the stock- based compensation expense related to the equity aw ards that are not 
expected to vest for fiscal years 2015 , 2014 and 2 013 was $36.6 million , $29.7 million and $27.1 mil lion , respectively.    
 
Valuation Assumptions    
 
We use the closing trading price of our common stoc k on the date of grant, minus a dividend yield disc ount, as the fair value of awards of RSUs 
and PSUs. Compensation expense for RSUs is recogniz ed using a straight- line attribution method over the requisite employee  service period, while 
compensation expense for PSUs is recognized using a n accelerated amortization model.  
 
We estimate the fair value of employee stock option s on the date of grant using a binomial model and r ecognize the expense using a straight- line 
attribution method over the requisite employee serv ice period.  
 
 
60     Year Ended  
   January 25,   January 26,    January 27,  
2015   2014    2013  
   (In thousands, except per share data)  
Stock Options               
Awards granted  86   6,149   7,119  
Estimated total grant-date fair value  $ 345    $ 21,310    $ 38,326  
Weighted average grant-date fair value (per share)  $ 4.02    $ 3.47    $ 5.38  
            
RSUs and PSUs               
Awards granted  12,912    10,757    8,136  
Estimated total grant-date fair value  $ 228,223    $ 144,798    $ 112,795  
Weighted average grant-date fair value (per share)  $ 17.68    $ 13.46    $ 13.86  
            
ESPP               
Shares purchased  6,672    6,124    5,463  
Weighted average price (per share)  $ 10.99    $ 10.79    $ 10.83  
Weighted average grant-date fair value (per share)  $ 4.99    $ 5.60    $ 5.16  
   January 25,   January 26,  
   2015   2014  
   (In thousands)  
Aggregated unearned stock-based compensation expens e  $ 291,416     $ 256,500  
        
Estimated weighted average amortization period  (In years)  
Stock Options  1.8     2.5  
RSUs and PSUs  2.8     2.7  
ESPP  0.5     0.6  Table of Contents  
NVIDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES  
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
(Continued)  
 
 
We estimate the fair value of shares to be issued u nder our ESPP using the Black- Scholes model at the commencement of an offering pe riod in 
March and September of each year. Stock-based compe nsation for our ESPP is expensed using an accelerat ed amortization model.  
 
The fair value of stock options granted under our s tock option plans and shares issued under our ESPP have been estimated with the following 
assumptions:  
 
The expected life of employee stock options is a de rived output of our valuation model and is impacted  by the underlying assumptions of our 
company. For ESPP shares, the expected term represe nts the average term from the first day of the offe ring period to the purchase date.  
 
The risk-free interest rate assumption used to value stock o ptions and ESPP is based upon observed interest rat es on Treasury bills appropriate 
for the expected term of the award.  
 
Our expected stock price volatility assumption for stock options and ESPP is estimated using implied v olatility.  
 
For awards granted on or subsequent to November 8, 2012, we use a dividend yield at grant date, based on the per share dividends declared 
during the most recent quarter. Our RSU and PSU awa rds are not eligible for cash dividends prior to ve sting; therefore, the fair value of RSUs and 
PSUs is discounted by the dividend yield.  
 
Additionally, for employee stock options and RSU an d PSU awards, we estimate forfeitures annually and revise the estimates of forfeiture in 
subsequent periods if actual forfeitures differ fro m those estimates. Forfeitures are estimated based on historical experience.  
 
Equity Incentive Program  
   
We grant stock options, RSUs, PSUs, and stock purch ase rights under the following equity incentive pla ns.    
 
Amended and Restated 2007 Equity Incentive Plan  
   
In 2007, our shareholders approved the NVIDIA Corpo ration 2007 Equity Incentive Plan, or the 2007 Plan . The 2007 Plan was amended and 
restated in 2012, 2013 and 2014, or the Restated 20 07 Plan.  
 
 
61     Year Ended  
   January 25,  
2015    January 26,  
2014    January 27,  
2013  
   (Using a binomial model)  
Stock Options               
Weighted average expected life (in years)  2.5-3.2   2.4-3.5   3.1-4.9 
Risk-free interest rate  2.5%-2.8%   1.8%-3.0%   1.5%-2.3% 
Volatility  31%   28%-37%   39%-49% 
Dividend yield  1.8%-1.9%   1.9%-2.4%   2.4% 
   Year Ended  
   January 25,  
2015    January 26,  
2014    January 27,  
2013  
   (Using the Black-Scholes model)  
ESPP               
Weighted average expected life (in years)  0.5-2.0   0.5-2.0   0.5-2.0  
Risk-free interest rate  0.1%-0.5%   0.1%-0.4%   0.1%-0.3%  
Volatility  23%-31%   32%-37%   44%-47%  
Dividend yield  1.7%-1.9%   2.0%-2.4%   — Table of Contents  
NVIDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES  
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
(Continued)  
 
 
The Restated 2007 Plan authorizes the issuance of i ncentive stock options, non- statutory stock options, restricted stock, restrict ed stock unit, 
stock appreciation rights, performance stock awards , performance cash awards, and other stock- based awards to employees, directors and 
consultants. Only our employees may receive incenti ve stock options. With the 2014 amendment and resta tement of the 2007 Plan, which increased 
the number of shares of common stock authorized for  issuance under the 2007 Plan by 10,000,000 shares,  up to 187,767,766 shares of our common 
stock may be issued pursuant to stock awards grante d under the Restated 2007 Plan. Currently, we grant  stock options, RSUs and PSUs under the 
Restated 2007 Plan, under which, as of January 25, 2015, there were 24,501,781 shares available for fu ture issuance.  
 
Stock options granted to employees, subject to cert ain exceptions, vest over a four year period, subje ct to continued service, with 25% vesting on 
the anniversary of the hire date in the case of new  hires or the anniversary of the date of grant in t he case of grants to existing employees and 6.25% 
vesting at the end of each quarterly period thereaf ter. Options granted under the 2007 Plan generally expire ten years from the date of grant.  
 
Subject to certain exceptions, RSUs granted to empl oyees vest over a four year period, subject to cont inued service, with 25% vesting on a pre-
determined date that is close to the anniversary of  the date of grant and 12.5% vesting semi-annually thereafter until fully vested.  
 
PSUs granted to employees vest on a similar schedul e, although the number of shares subject to PSUs th at are eligible to vest is generally 
determined by the Compensation Committee based on a chievement of pre-determined criteria.  
 
Unless terminated sooner, the Restated 2007 Plan is  scheduled to terminate on March 21, 2022. Our Boar d may suspend or terminate the 
Restated 2007 Plan at any time. No awards may be gr anted under the Restated 2007 Plan while the Restat ed 2007 Plan is suspended or after it is 
terminated. The Board may also amend the Restated 2 007 Plan at any time. However, if legal, regulatory  or listing requirements require shareholder 
approval, the amendment will not go into effect unt il the shareholders have approved the amendment.  
   
PortalPlayer, Inc. 1999 Stock Option Plan  
 
We assumed options issued under the PortalPlayer, I nc. 1999 Stock Option Plan, or the 1999 Plan, when we completed our acquisition of 
PortalPlayer on January 5, 2007.  As of January 25,  2015, there were no outstanding options to purchas e NVIDIA common stock under the 1999 Plan 
and we do not intend to grant future stock awards u nder the 1999 Plan as the plan expired on July 28, 2014.  
 
1998 and 2012 Employee Stock Purchase Plans  
   
In February 1998, our Board approved the 1998 Emplo yee Stock Purchase Plan, or the 1998 Plan. At the A nnual Meeting of Shareholders held 
on May 17, 2012, our shareholders approved the 2012  Employee Stock Purchase Plan, or the 2012 Plan, as  the successor to the 1998 Plan. At the 
Annual Meeting of Shareholders held on May 23, 2014 , our shareholders approved an amendment and restat ement of the 2012 Plan, or the Restated 
2012 Plan.  
 
Prior to the effective date of the 2012 Plan, we ha d authorized a total of 78,000,000 shares for issua nce under the 1998 Plan, 54,567,667 shares 
of which had been issued, 15,000,000 shares of whic h were reserved for issuance pursuant to outstandin g purchase rights and 8,432,333 shares of 
which were available for future issuance. Upon its approval by our shareholders in 2012, the maximum a ggregate number of shares that could be 
issued under the 2012 Plan would not exceed 55,432, 333 shares.  
 
Effective upon the August 31, 2012 purchase date pu rsuant to the 1998 Plan, of the 15,000,000 shares which had been reserved for issuance 
pursuant to outstanding purchase rights, 2,687,698 shares were issued pursuant to outstanding purchase  rights, 183,000 shares were available but 
reserved for future issuance, and the remaining 12, 129,302 shares were moved into the share reserve of the 201 2 Plan. Effective upon the final 
February 28, 2013 purchase date pursuant to the 199 8 Plan, 8,819 shares were issued pursuant to outstanding purchase  rights, and the remaining 
174,181 shares were moved into the share reserve of the 201 2 Plan. With the 2014 amendment and restatement of the 2012 Plan, which increased the 
share reserve of the Restated 2012 Plan by 12,500,0 00 shares, up to 65,235,816 shares of our common stock may be issued pursuant t o purchases 
under the Restated 2012 Plan. At January 25, 2015, we had issued 12,787,748 shares and reserved 52,448 ,068 shares for future issuance under the 
Restated 2012 Plan.  
 
 
62  Table of Contents  
NVIDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES  
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
(Continued)  
 
 
The Restated 2012 Plan is intended to qualify as an  “employee stock purchase plan” under Section 423 of the Internal Revenue Code. Und er the 
current offerings adopted pursuant to the Restated 2012 Plan, each offering period is 24 months, which is divided into four purchase peri ods of six 
months .  
 
Employees are eligible to participate if they are e mployed by us or an affiliate of us as designated b y the Board. Employees who participate in an 
offering may have up to 10% of their earnings withheld up to certain limitation s and applied on specified dates determined by the Board to the 
purchase of shares of common stock. The Board may i ncrease this percentage at its discretion, up to 15 % . The price of common stock purchased 
under our ESPP will be equal to 85% of the lower of the fair market value of the common  stock on the commencement date of each offering pe riod 
and the purchase date of each offering period. Empl oyees may end their participation in the ESPP at an y time during the offering period, and 
participation ends automatically on termination of employment with us. In each case, the employee’s co ntributions are refunded.      
 
The following is a summary of our equity award tran sactions under our equity incentive plans:   
 
 
As of  January 25, 2015  and  January 26, 2014 , th ere were 24.5 million and 24.7 million shares of co mmon stock reserved for future issuance 
under our equity incentive plans.  
 
The total intrinsic value of options exercised was $61.9 million , $14.4 million and $21.1 million for  fiscal years 2015 , 2014 and 2013 , 
respectively. Upon exercise of an option, we issue new shares of stock. The total fair value of option s vested was $32.6 million , $34.6 million and 
$40.3 million for fiscal years 2015 , 2014 and 2013  , respectively.  
   
 
63     Options Outstanding    RSUs and PSUs Outstanding  
   Number   of  
Shares    Weighted  
Average  
Exercise Price  
Per Share    Weighted  
Average  
Remaining    
Contractual  
Life    Aggregate  
Intrinsic  
Value (1)    Number of  
Shares    Weighted  
Average  
Grant-Date  
Fair Value  
   (In thousands, except years and per share data)  
Balances, January 26, 2014  32,504    $ 14.22              18,852    $ 13.82  
Granted (2)  86    $ 18.75              12,912    $ 17.68  
Exercised  (9,795 )    $ 12.64              —   — 
Vested restricted stock  —   —             (7,163 )    $ 13.78  
Canceled and forfeited  (1,450 )    $ 19.27              (1,326 )    $ 14.44  
Balances, January 25, 2015  21,345    $ 14.61    5.9   $ 130,923    23,275    $ 15.94  
Exercisable at January 25, 2015  15,120    $ 14.70    5.1   $ 91,434            
Vested and expected to vest after January 25, 
2015  20,356    $ 14.62    5.8   $ 124,575    18,988    $ 15.96  
(1)  The aggregate intrinsic value in the table abo ve represents the total pre-tax intrinsic value for  in-the-money options at January 25, 2015 , based 
on the $20.71 closing stock price of our common sto ck on the NASDAQ Global Select Market on January 23 , 2015, the last trading day of fiscal 
year 2015 , which would have been received by the o ption holders had all in-the- money option holders exercised their options as of that date. 
The total number of in-the-money options outstandin g and exercisable as of January 25, 2015 was 21.1 m illion shares and 14.9 million shares, 
respectively.  
(2)  Includes the total number of PSUs issuable if the m aximum corporate financial performance target level  for fiscal year 2015 is achieved. 
Depending on the actual level of achievement of the  corporate performance target at the end of fiscal year 2015, the range of PSUs issued could 
be from  1.3 million  to  2.5 million  shares. The PSUs were granted during the first qua rter of fiscal year 2015 to our CEO and senior 
management as approved by our Compensation Committe e.  Table of Contents  
NVIDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES  
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
(Continued)  
 
 
 
Note 3 - Net Income Per Share  
   
The following is a reconciliation of the numerators  and denominators of the basic and diluted net inco me per share computations for the periods 
presented:  
 
The denominator for diluted net income per share fo r fiscal years 2015 and 2014 does not include any e ffect from the 1.00 % Convertible Senior 
Notes due 2018, or the Notes. In accordance with AS C 260, Earnings per Share, commencing after the fiscal quarter ending on April  27, 2014, the 
Notes will not impact the denominator for diluted n et income per share unless the average price of our  common stock, as calculated under the terms 
of the Notes, exceeds the conversion price of $20.1 6 per share. Likewise, the denominator for diluted ne t income per share will not include any effect 
from the warrants unless the average price of our c ommon stock, as calculated under the terms of the w arrants, exceeds $27.14 per share.  
 
The denominator for diluted net income per share fo r fiscal years 2015 and 2014 also does not include any effect from the convertible note hedge 
transaction, or the Note Hedges. In future periods,  the denominator for diluted net income per share w ill exclude any effect of the Note Hedges, as 
their effect would be anti- dilutive. In the event an actual conversion of any or all of the Notes occurs, the shares that would b e delivered to us under 
the Note Hedges are designed to neutralize the dilu tive effect of the shares that we would issue under  the Notes. Please refer to Note 11 of these 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for discussion regarding the Notes.  
 
 
64     Year Ended  
   January 25,  
2015    January 26,  
2014    January 27,  
2013  
   (In thousands, except per share data)  
Numerator:               
Net income  $ 630,587    $ 439,990    $ 562,536  
Denominator:               
Denominator for basic net income per share, weighte d average shares  552,319    587,893    619,324  
Effect of dilutive securities:               
Stock awards outstanding  10,749    6,624    5,633  
Denominator for diluted net income per share, weigh ted average shares  563,068    594,517    624,957  
Net income per share:               
Basic  $ 1.14    $ 0.75    $ 0.91  
Diluted  $ 1.12    $ 0.74    $ 0.90  
Potentially dilutive securities excluded from incom e per diluted share because their 
effect would have been anti-dilutive  11,807    25,630    26,784  Table of Contents  
NVIDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES  
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
(Continued)  
 
 
Note 4 - 3dfx  
 
During fiscal year 2002, we completed the purchase of certain assets from 3dfx Interactive, Inc., or 3 dfx, for an aggregate purchase price of 
$74.2 million . On December 15, 2000, NVIDIA Corporation and one of our indirect subsidiaries entered into an Asset Purchase Agreement, or the 
APA, which closed on April 18, 2001, to purchase ce rtain graphics chip assets from 3dfx.  
   
In October 2002, 3dfx filed for Chapter 11 bankrupt cy protection in the United States Bankruptcy Court  for the Northern District of California. 
In March 2003, the Trustee appointed by the Bankrup tcy Court to represent 3dfx’s bankruptcy estate ser ved his complaint on NVIDIA. The Trustee’ s 
complaint asserted claims for, among other things, successor liability and fraudulent transfer and sou ght additional payments from us. In early 
November 2005, NVIDIA and the Official Committee of  Unsecured Creditors, or the Creditors ’ Committee, agreed to a Plan of Liquidation of 3dfx,  
which included a conditional settlement of the Trus tee’s claims against us. This conditional settlement wa s subject to a confirmation process through 
a vote of creditors and the review and approval of the Bankruptcy Court. The conditional settlement ca lled for a payment by NVIDIA of $30.6 
million to the 3dfx estate. Under the settlement, $ 5.6 million related to various administrative expen ses and Trustee fees, and $25.0 million related to 
the satisfaction of debts and liabilities owed to t he general unsecured creditors of 3dfx. Accordingly , during the three month period ended October 
30, 2005, we recorded $5.6 million as a charge to s ettlement costs and $25.0 million as additional pur chase price for 3dfx.  The Trustee advised that 
he intended to object to the settlement.   
   
The conditional settlement never progressed substan tially through the confirmation process. On Decembe r 20, 2010, the District Court issued an 
Order affirming the Bankruptcy Court's entry of sum mary judgment in NVIDIA's favor, and on January 19,  2011, the Trustee filed a Notice of 
Appeal to the United States Court of Appeals for th e Ninth Circuit. Oral argument on the appeal was he ld on October 8, 2014. On November 6, 2014, 
the Ninth Circuit affirmed the District Court’ s decision upholding the ruling of the Bankruptcy C ourt. As a result, we paid $5.6 million in related 
legal expenses. The case concluded on February 5, 2 015 and we reversed the $25.0 million liability for additional contingent consideration a nd 
reduced the goodwill related to our 3dfx acquisitio n by the same amount as of January 25, 2015.  
   
Please refer to  Note 12 of these Notes to the Cons olidated Financial Statements for further informati on regarding this litigation.  
 
Note 5 - Goodwill  
   
The carrying amount of goodwill is as follows:  
   
The $25.0 million decrease in goodwill as of January 25, 2015, when c ompared to January 26, 2014 is due to conclusion of  the 3dfx case without 
requiring additional contingent consideration. Plea se refer to Note 4 of these Notes to the Consolidat ed Financial Statements for further discussion 
regarding the 3dfx case.  
 
The amount of goodwill allocated to our GPU and Teg ra Processor segments as of January 25, 2015 was $2 09.7 million and $408.5 million , 
respectively, and as of January 26, 2014 was $230.4  million and $412.8 million , respectively. Please refer to Note 16 of these Notes to the 
Consolidated Financial Statements for further discu ssion regarding segments.  
 
65     January 25,  
2015    January 26,  
2014  
   (In thousands)  
Icera  $ 271,186    $ 271,186  
PortalPlayer  104,896    104,896  
3dfx  50,326    75,326  
Mental Images  59,252    59,252  
MediaQ  35,167    35,167  
ULi  31,115    31,115  
Hybrid Graphics  27,906    27,906  
Ageia  19,198    19,198  
Portland Group Inc.  2,149    2,149  
Other  16,984    16,984  
Total goodwill  $ 618,179    $ 643,179  Table of Contents  
NVIDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES  
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
(Continued)  
 
 
 
We allocate goodwill to our reporting units and per form our annual impairment test during the fourth q uarter of our fiscal year, or earlier if 
indicators of potential impairment exist. For the p urposes of completing our impairment test, we perfo rm either a qualitative or a quantitative 
analysis on a reporting unit basis. We utilized a q uantitative analysis to complete our most recent an nual impairment test during the fourth quarter of 
fiscal year 2015 and concluded that there was no im pairment, as the fair value of our reporting units exceeded their carrying values.  
 
In a qualitative analysis, we evaluate factors incl uding, but not limited to, macro- economic conditions, market and industry conditions , the 
competitive environment, the operational stability and the overall financial performance of the report ing units, including cost factors and actual 
revenue results. For reporting units in which the q ualitative assessment concludes it is more likely t han not that the fair value is more than its carryi ng 
value, no further goodwill impairment testing is re quired.  
 
For those reporting units where a significant chang e or event has occurred, where potential impairment  indicators exist, or for which we have not 
performed a quantitative assessment recently, we ut ilize a two- step quantitative assessment to testing goodwill fo r impairment. The first step tests for 
possible impairment by applying a fair value- based test by weighing the results from the income approach and the market approach. These valuation 
approaches consider a number of factors that includ e, but are not limited to, prospective financial in formation, growth rates, terminal or residual 
values, discount rates and comparable multiples fro m publicly traded companies in our industry and req uire us to make certain assumptions and 
estimates regarding industry economic factors and t he future profitability of our business.  
 
When performing an income approach valuation, we in corporate the use of projected financial informatio n and a discount rate that are developed 
using market participant based assumptions to our d iscounted cash flow model. Our estimates of discoun ted cash flow were based upon, among other 
things, certain assumptions about our expected futu re operating performance, such as revenue growth ra tes, operating margins, risk- adjusted discount 
rates, and future economic and market conditions. T he market method of determining the fair value of o ur reporting units requires us to use judgment 
in the selection of appropriate market comparables.   
 
Note 6 - Amortizable Intangible Assets  
   
The components of our amortizable intangible assets  are as follows:  
 
Amortization expense associated with intangible ass ets for fiscal years 2015 , 2014 and 2013 was $77.0  million , $72.7 million and $68.4 
million , respectively. Amortization expense increased comp ared to the prior year primarily due to the additio n of licensed technology during fiscal 
year 2015. Future amortization expense for the net carrying amount of intangible assets at January 25,  2015 is estimated to be $71.9 million in fiscal 
year 2016 , $63.6 million in fiscal year 2017 , $49 .1 million in fiscal year 2018 , $20.4 million in f iscal year 2019 , $11.9 million in fiscal year 2020 
and $4.8 million in fiscal years subsequent to fisc al year 2020 until fully amortized.  
 
 
66     January 25, 2015    January 26, 2014  
   Gross    
Carrying  
Amount    Accumulated  
Amortization    Net   
Carrying  
Amount    Weighted 
Average  
Useful Life    Gross    
Carrying  
Amount    Accumulated  
Amortization    Net   
Carrying  
Amount    Weighted 
Average 
Useful Life  
   (In thousands)    (In years)    (In thousands)    (In years)  
Acquisition-
related 
intangible 
assets  $ 189,239    $ (134,062 )   $ 55,177    6.8    $ 189,239    $ (114,104 )   $ 75,135    6.5  
Patents and 
licensed 
technology  448,873    (282,336 )   166,537    7.2    446,196    (225,319 )   220,877    7.2  
Total 
intangible 
assets  $ 638,112    $ (416,398 )   $ 221,714         $ 635,435    $ (339,423 )   $ 296,012       Table of Contents  
NVIDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES  
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
(Continued)  
 
 
Note 7 - Marketable Securities  
   
All of the cash equivalents and marketable securiti es are classified as “available-for-sale” securities. Investments in both fixed and floating rate 
interest earning instruments carry a degree of inte rest rate risk. Fixed rate debt securities may have  their market value adversely impacted due to a 
rise in interest rates, while floating rate securit ies may produce less income than expected if intere st rates fall. Due in part to these factors, our fu ture 
investment income may fall short of expectations du e to changes in interest rates or if the decline in  fair value of our publicly traded debt or equity 
investments is judged to be other-than- temporary. We may suffer losses in principal if we are forced to sell securities that decline in marke t value due 
to changes in interest rates. However, because any debt securities we hold are classified as “availabl e-for-sale,” no gains or losses are realized in our 
consolidated statement of income due to changes in interest rates unless such securities are sold prio r to maturity or unless declines in market values 
are determined to be other-than- temporary. These securities are reported at fair va lue with the related unrealized gains and losses in cluded in 
accumulated other comprehensive income, a component  of shareholders’ equity, net of tax.  
 
The following is a summary of cash equivalents and marketable securities at January 25, 2015 and Janua ry 26, 2014 :  
 
67     January 25, 2015  
   Amortized  
Cost    Unrealized  
Gain    Unrealized  
Loss    Estimated  
Fair Value  
   (In thousands)  
Corporate debt securities  $ 2,184,925    $ 2,600    $ (1,214 )   $ 2,186,311  
Debt securities of United States government agencie s  749,630    917    (227 )   750,320  
Debt securities issued by United States Treasury  533,673    2,694    (3 )   536,364  
Asset-backed securities  453,088    125    (329 )   452,884  
Mortgage backed securities issued by United States government-
sponsored enterprises  274,366    4,589    (850 )   278,105  
Money market funds  132,495    —   —   132,495  
Foreign government bonds  84,800    121    (5 )   84,916  
Total  $ 4,412,977    $ 11,046    $ (2,628 )   $ 4,421,395  
Classified as:                    
Cash equivalents                 $ 294,710  
Marketable securities                 4,126,685  
Total                 $ 4,421,395  Table of Contents  
NVIDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES  
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
(Continued)  
 
 
  
    
The following table provides the breakdown of the i nvestments that were in a continuous unrealized los s position at January 25, 2015 :  
  
   
We performed an impairment review of our investment  portfolio as of January 25, 2015 . Factors considered included general market condit ions, 
the duration and extent to which fair value is belo w cost, and our intent and ability to hold an inves tment for a sufficient period of time to allow for 
recovery in value. We also consider specific advers e conditions related to the financial health of and  business outlook for an investee, including 
industry and sector performance, changes in technol ogy, operational and financing cash flow factors, a nd changes in an investee’ s credit rating. 
Investments that we identify as having an indicator  of impairment are subject to further analysis to d etermine if the investment was other than 
temporarily impaired. Based on our quarterly impair ment review and having considered the guidance in t he relevant accounting literature, we 
concluded that our investments were appropriately v alued and that no other than temporary impairment c harges were necessary on our portfolio of 
available for sale investments as of January 25, 20 15 .   
   
 
68     January 26, 2014  
   Amortized  
Cost    Unrealized  
Gain    Unrealized  
Loss    Estimated  
Fair Value  
   (In thousands)  
Corporate debt securities  $ 1,762,833    $ 1,837    $ (945 )   $ 1,763,725  
Debt securities of United States government agencie s  1,012,740    848    (261 )   1,013,327  
Debt securities issued by United States Treasury  495,889    621    (57 )   496,453  
Money market funds  307,865    —   —   307,865  
Asset-backed securities  258,017    15    (315 )   257,717  
Mortgage backed securities issued by United States government-
sponsored enterprises  185,594    3,837    (725 )   188,706  
Foreign government bonds  64,955    20    (120 )   64,855  
Total  $ 4,087,893    $ 7,178    $ (2,423 )   $ 4,092,648  
Classified as:                    
Cash equivalents                 $ 572,425  
Marketable securities                 3,520,223  
Total                 $ 4,092,648  
   Less than 12 Months    12 Months or Greater    Total  
   Fair Value    Gross  
Unrealized  
Losses    Fair Value    Gross  
Unrealized  
Losses    Fair Value    Gross  
Unrealized  
Losses  
   (In thousands)  
Corporate debt securities  $ 709,392    $ (1,199 )   $ 10,085    $ (15 )   $ 719,477    $ (1,214 ) 
Mortgage backed securities issued by 
United States government- sponsored 
enterprises  81,245    (639 )   21,314    (211 )   102,559    (850 ) 
Debt securities of United States Treasury  10,026    (3 )   —   —   10,026    (3 ) 
Debt securities issued by United States 
government agencies  246,480    (227 )   —   —   246,480    (227 ) 
Asset-backed securities  306,066    (323 )   4,476    (6 )   310,542    (329 ) 
Foreign government bonds  11,008    (5 )   —   —   11,008    (5 ) 
Total  $ 1,364,217    $ (2,396 )   $ 35,875    $ (232 )   $ 1,400,092    $ (2,628 ) Table of Contents  
NVIDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES  
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
(Continued)  
 
 
As of January 25, 2015 , we had  nine investments t hat were in an unrealized loss position with total unrealized losses amounting to $2.4 million 
and with a duration of less than one year. The gros s unrealized losses related to fixed income securit ies were due to changes in interest rates. We have 
determined that the gross unrealized losses on inve stment securities at January 25, 2015 are temporary in nature. Currently, we have the int ent and 
ability to hold our investments with impairment ind icators until maturity.  
 
Net realized gains were $0.1 million , $2.4 million  and $0.5 million for fiscal years 2015 , 2014 , an d 2013 , respectively.  As of January 25, 
2015 , we had a net unrealized gain of $8.4 million  , which was comprised of gross unrealized gains of  $11.0 million , offset by $2.6 million of gross 
unrealized losses. As of January 26, 2014 , we had a net unrealized gain of $4.8 million , which was c omprised of gross unrealized gains of $7.2 
million , offset by $2.4 million of gross unrealize d losses.  
 
The amortized cost and estimated fair value of cash  equivalents and marketable securities which are pr imarily debt instruments are classified as 
available-for-sale at January 25, 2015 and January 26, 2014 and are shown below by contractual maturit y.  
 
 
Note 8 - Fair Value of Financial Assets and Liabili ties  
 
Financial assets measured at fair value  
 
We measure our cash equivalents and marketable secu rities at fair value. The fair values of our financ ial assets and liabilities are determined 
using quoted market prices of identical assets or q uoted market prices of similar assets from active m arkets. Our Level 1 assets consist of our money 
market funds. We classify securities within Level 1  assets when the fair value is obtained from real t ime quotes for transactions in active exchange 
markets involving identical assets. Our available-f or-sale securities are classified as having Level 2 in puts. Our Level 2 assets are valued utilizing a 
market approach where the market prices of similar assets are provided by a variety of independent ind ustry standard data providers to our 
investment custodian. We review the fair value hier archy classification on a quarterly basis. Changes in the observability of valuation inputs may 
result in a reclassification of levels for certain securities within the fair value hierarchy. There w ere no significant transfers between Levels 1 and 2  
assets for the year ended January 25, 2015 . Level 3 assets are based on unobservable inputs t o the valuation methodology and include our own dat a 
about assumptions market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability based on the best in formation available under the circumstances. 
Most of our cash equivalents and marketable securit ies are valued based on Level 2 inputs. We did not have any investments classified as Level 3 as 
of January 25, 2015 .  
  
 
69     January 25, 2015    January 26, 2014  
   Amortized  
Cost    Estimated  
Fair Value    Amortized  
Cost    Estimated  
Fair Value  
   (In thousands)  
Less than one year  $ 1,570,233    $ 1,570,622    $ 1,883,132    $ 1,883,753  
Due in 1 - 5 years  2,719,852    2,725,945    2,114,289    2,117,387  
Mortgage-backed securities issued by government- sponsored 
enterprises not due at a single maturity date  122,893    124,828    90,472    91,508  
Total  $ 4,412,978    $ 4,421,395    $ 4,087,893    $ 4,092,648  Table of Contents  
NVIDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES  
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
(Continued)  
 
 
Financial assets measured at fair value are summari zed below:  
 
   
Financial liabilities measured at fair value  
 
We issued $1.50 billion Convertible Senior Notes, or Notes, in December 201 3. The Notes are carried at their original issuance  value, net of 
unamortized debt discount, and are not marked to ma rket each period. The estimated fair value of the N otes was $1,679.6 million and $1,528.4 
million , respectively, as of January 25, 2015 and January 26, 2014. The estimated fair value of t he Notes was determined on the basis of market 
prices observable for similar instruments and is co nsidered Level 2 in the fair value hierarchy. Pleas e refer to Note 11 of these Notes to the 
Consolidated Financial Statements for further infor mation regarding the Notes.  
 
 
70          Fair Value Measurement at Reporting 
Date Using    
        Quoted Prices in 
Active Markets for 
Identical Assets    Significant Other 
Observable 
Inputs  
   January 25, 2015    (Level 1)    (Level 2)  
   (In thousands)  
Debt securities of United States government agencie s (1)  $ 750,320    $ —   $ 750,320  
Corporate debt securities (2)  2,186,311    —   2,186,311  
Mortgage backed securities issued by United States government- sponsored 
enterprises (3)  278,105    —   278,105  
Money market funds (4)  132,495    132,495    — 
Debt securities issued by United States Treasury (3 )  536,364    —   536,364  
Asset-backed securities (3)  452,884    —   452,884  
Foreign government bonds (3)  84,916    —   84,916  
Total assets  $ 4,421,395    $ 132,495   $ 4,288,900  
(1)  Includes $15.0 million in Cash Equivalents and  $735.3 million in Marketable Securities on the Consolidated Balanc e Sheet. 
(2)  Includes $ 147.2 million in Cash Equivalents a nd $ 2.0 billion in Marketable Securities on the Consolidated Balanc e Sheet. 
(3)  Included in Marketable Securities on the Consolidat ed Balance Sheet. 
(4)  Included in Cash Equivalents on the Consolidated Ba lance Sheet. Table of Contents  
NVIDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES  
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
(Continued)  
 
 
Note 9 - Balance Sheet Components  
   
Certain balance sheet components are as follows:  
 
(A) Land is a non-depreciable asset.  
(B) Leasehold improvements and capital leases are a mortized based on the lesser of either the asset’ s estimated useful life or the remaining expected 
lease term.  
(C) Construction in process represents assets that are not in service as of the balance sheet date.  
 
Depreciation expense for fiscal years 2015 , 2014 a nd 2013 was $143.1 million , $164.0 million and $15 7.6 million , respectively.  
 
Accumulated amortization of leasehold improvements and capital leases was $139.6 million and $146.4 mi llion at January 25, 2015 and 
January 26, 2014 , respectively. Amortization of le asehold improvements and capital leases is included  in depreciation and amortization expense.  
 
71     January 25,  
2015    January 26,  
2014  
   (In thousands)  
Inventories:          
Raw materials  $ 156,846    $ 126,896  
Work in-process  91,778    94,844  
Finished goods  234,269    166,025  
     Total inventories  $ 482,893    $ 387,765  
   January 25,  
2015    January 26,  
2014    Estimated  
Useful Life  
   (In thousands)    (In years)  
Property and Equipment:               
Land  $ 218,496    $ 218,496    (A)  
Building  19,268    19,268    5-25  
Test equipment  397,319    412,862    3-5  
Software and licenses  112,967    120,435    3-5  
Leasehold improvements  173,691    178,884    (B)  
Computer equipment  152,733    204,344    3  
Office furniture and equipment  48,692    58,874    5  
Capital leases  28,481    28,481    (B)  
Construction in process  27,610    41,176    (C)  
Total property and equipment, gross  1,179,257    1,282,820       
Accumulated depreciation and amortization  (621,975 )    (700,080 )       
     Total property and equipment, net  $ 557,282    $ 582,740       Table of Contents  
NVIDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES  
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
(Continued)  
 
 
(1)  The increase in fiscal year 2015 compared to f iscal year 2014 was due primarily to higher volumes  with certain distributors.  
(2)  This includes primarily accrued customer progr ams. Please refer to Note 1 of these Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statem ents for discussion 
regarding the nature of accrued customer programs a nd their accounting treatment related to our revenu e recognition policies and estimates.  
(3)  Please refer to Note 10 of these Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for discussion re garding the warranty accrual.  
(4)  Please refer to Note 4 and  Note 12 of these N otes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for d iscussion regarding the 3dfx litigation.  
 
 
72     January 25,  
2015    January 26,  
2014  
   (In thousands)  
Accrued Liabilities:          
Deferred revenue (1)  $ 292,735    $ 268,808  
Customer related liabilities (2)  146,724    163,945  
Accrued payroll and related expenses  112,173    109,721  
Professional service fees  17,025    13,572  
Facilities related liabilities  7,603    5,216  
Warranty accrual (3)  7,523    7,571  
Taxes payable, short- term  2,810    2,378  
Coupon interest on Notes  2,542    2,500  
Accrued legal settlement (4)  —   30,600  
Other  13,672    16,794  
Total accrued liabilities and other  $ 602,807    $ 621,105  
   January 25,  
2015    January 26, 
2014  
   (In thousands)  
Other Long Term Liabilities:          
Deferred income tax liability  $ 232,307    $ 157,953 
Income tax payable  120,961    119,977 
Deferred revenue  107,838    172,199 
Asset retirement obligations  7,428    11,056 
Other  20,394    13,940 
Total other long-term liabilities  $ 488,928    $ 475,125 Table of Contents  
NVIDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES  
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
(Continued)  
 
 
Note 10 - Guarantees  
   
U.S. GAAP requires that upon issuance of a guarante e, the guarantor must recognize a liability for the  fair value of the obligation it assumes 
under that guarantee. In addition, U.S. GAAP requir es disclosures about the guarantees that an entity has issued, including a tabular reconciliation of 
the changes of the entity’s product warranty liabil ities.  
   
Accrual for Product Warranty Liabilities  
 
We record a reduction to revenue for estimated prod uct returns at the time revenue is recognized prima rily based on historical return rates. Cost 
of revenue includes the estimated cost of product w arranties. Under limited circumstances, we may offe r an extended limited warranty to customers 
for certain products. Additionally, we accrue for k nown warranty and indemnification issues if a loss is probable and can be reasonably estimated. 
During periods prior to fiscal year 2013, we record ed a cumulative net charge of $475.9 million , most of which was charged against cost of revenue , 
to cover customer warranty, repair, return, replace ment and other costs arising from a weak die/packag ing material set in certain versions of our 
previous generation MCP and GPU products used in no tebook configurations. During fiscal year 2014, we released the remaining $7.8 million 
unclaimed balance of that warranty accrual.  
 
The estimated product returns and estimated product  warranty liabilities for fiscal years 2015 , 2014 and 2013 are as follows:  
   
(1)  Includes a balance of $9.6 million and $13.2 m illion for fiscal years 2014 and 2013 , respectively, for the remaining amount of the war ranty 
accrual associated with incremental repair and repl acement costs from a weak die/packaging material se t, which we recorded prior to fiscal year 
2013.  
(2) Includes $1.8 million and $3.0 million for fisc al years 2014 and 2013 , respectively, in payments related to weak die/pac kaging set warranty 
accrual recorded prior to fiscal year 2013, and $7. 8 million related to the release of the final unclaimed porti on of that accrual during fiscal year 
2014.  
In connection with certain agreements that we have executed in the past, we have at times provided ind emnities to cover the indemnified party 
for matters such as tax, product and employee liabi lities. We have also on occasion included intellect ual property indemnification provisions in our 
technology related agreements with third parties. M aximum potential future payments cannot be estimate d because many of these agreements do not 
have a maximum stated liability. As such, we have n ot recorded any liability in our Consolidated Finan cial Statements for such indemnifications.     
 
 
73     January 25,  
2015    January 26,  
2014    January 27,  
2013  
   (In thousands)  
Balance at beginning of period (1)  $ 7,571    $ 14,874    $ 18,406  
Additions  5,441    6,786    5,738  
Deductions (2)  (5,489 )   (14,089 )   (9,270 ) 
Balance at end of period   $ 7,523    $ 7,571    $ 14,874  Table of Contents  
NVIDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES  
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
(Continued)  
 
 
Note 11 - Long-Term Debt  
 
1.00 % Convertible Senior Notes Due 2018  
 
On December 2, 2013, we issued $1.50 billion of the Notes. The Notes are unsecured, unsubordinat ed obligations of the Company, which pay 
interest in cash semi-annually at a rate of 1.00% per annum. The Notes will mature on December 1, 201 8 unless earlier repurchased or converted in 
accordance with their terms prior to such date. The  Notes may be converted, under the conditions speci fied below, based on an initial conversion rate 
of 49.60 shares of common stock per $1,000 principa l amount of Notes (equivalent to an initial convers ion price of $20.16 per share of common 
stock), subject to adjustment as described in the i ndenture governing the Notes.  
 
Holders may convert their notes at their option at any time prior to August 1, 2018 only under the fol lowing circumstances: (1) during any fiscal 
quarter commencing after the fiscal quarter ended o n April 27, 2014 (and only during such fiscal quart er), if the last reported sale price of the 
common stock for at least 20 trading days (whether or not consecutive) during a period of 30 consecuti ve trading days ending on the last trading day 
of the immediately preceding fiscal quarter is grea ter than or equal to 130% of the conversion price o n each applicable trading day; (2) during the 
five business day period after any five consecutive  trading day period (the measurement period) in whi ch the trading price per $1,000 principal 
amount of notes for each trading day of the measure ment period was less than 98% of the product of the  last reported sale price of our common stock 
and the conversion rate on each such trading day; o r (3) upon the occurrence of specified corporate ev ents. On or after August 1, 2018 to the close of 
business on the second scheduled trading day immedi ately preceding the maturity date, holders may conv ert all or any portion of their notes 
regardless of the foregoing conditions. Upon conver sion, we will pay cash up to the aggregate principa l amount of the notes to be converted and pay 
or deliver, as the case may be, cash, shares of our  common stock or a combination of cash and shares o f our common stock, at our election, in respect 
of the remainder, if any, of our conversion obligat ion in excess of the aggregate principal amount of the notes being converted.  
 
As of January 25, 2015 , none of the conditions allowing holders of the No tes to convert had been met. The determination of w hether or not the 
Notes are convertible must be performed quarterly. If the Notes become convertible at the option of th e holder, the difference between the principal 
amount and the carrying value of the Notes would be  reflected as convertible debt in the mezzanine equ ity section on our Consolidated Balance 
Sheets.  
 
In accordance with ASC 470-20 Debt with Conversion and Other Options , all cash- settled convertible debt should be separated into d ebt and 
equity components at issuance and be assigned a fai r value. The value assigned to the debt component i s the estimated fair value, as of the issuance 
date, of a similar debt without the conversion feat ure. The difference between the net cash proceeds a nd this estimated fair value, represents the value 
assigned to the equity component and is recorded as  a debt discount. The debt discount is amortized us ing the effective interest method from the 
origination date through its stated contractual mat urity date.  
 
The initial debt component of the Notes was valued at $1,351.8 million based on the contractual cash flows discounted at a n appropriate market 
rate for a non-convertible debt at the date of issu ance, which was determined to be 3.15% . The carrying value of the permanent equity compon ent 
reported in additional paid-in-capital was valued a t $125.7 million and recorded as a debt discount. T his amount, together with the $22.5 million 
purchaser's discount to the par value of the Notes represents the total unamortized debt discount of $ 148.2 million we recorded at the time of issuance 
of the Notes. The aggregate debt discount is amorti zed as interest expense over the contractual term o f the Notes using the effective interest method 
using an interest rate of 3.15% .  
 
 
74  Table of Contents  
NVIDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES  
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
(Continued)  
 
 
The following table presents the carrying amounts o f the liability and equity components:  
(1) As of January 25, 2015 , the remaining period o ver which the unamortized debt discount will be amo rtized is 3.9 years.  
The following table presents the interest expense f or the contractual interest and the accretion of de bt discount: 
Note Hedges and Warrants  
 
The net proceeds from the Notes were approximately $1,477.5 million after payment of the initial purchaser's discount. Concurrently with the 
offering of the Notes, we entered into the Note Hed ges with a strike price equal to the initial conver sion price of the Notes, or approximately $20.16 
per share. The Note Hedges allow us to receive shar es of our common stock and/or cash related to the e xcess conversion value that we would pay to 
the holders of the Notes upon conversion. We paid $ 167.1 million for the Note Hedges.  
 
In addition, concurrent with the offering of the No tes and the purchase of the Note Hedges, we entered  into a separate warrant transaction, or the 
Warrants, with a strike price to the holders of the  Warrants of $27.14 per share. The Warrants are net share settled and c over, subject to customary 
antidilution adjustments, 74.4 million shares of ou r common stock. We received $59.1 million for the W arrants transaction.  
 
The $108.0 million net cost of the Note Hedges offs et by the proceeds from the Warrants was included a s a net reduction to additional paid- in 
capital in the shareholders’ equity section of our consolidated balance sheets, in accordance with the  guidance in ASC 815-40 Derivatives and 
Hedging -Contracts in Entity's Own Equity.  
 
 
75     January 25, 2015     January 26, 2014  
   (In thousands)  
Amount of the equity component  $ 125,725     $ 125,725  
        
1.00% convertible senior notes due 2018  $ 1,500,000     $ 1,500,000  
Unamortized debt discount (1)  (115,658 )    (143,625 ) 
Net carrying amount  $ 1,384,342     $ 1,356,375  
   Year Ended  
   January 25, 2015     January 26, 2014  
   (In thousands)  
Contractual coupon interest expense  $ 15,000     $ 2,500  
Amortization of debt discount  27,967     4,600  
Amortization of debt issuance costs  195     34  
Total interest expense related to Notes  $ 43,162     $ 7,134  Table of Contents  
NVIDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES  
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
(Continued)  
 
 
 Note 12 - Commitments and Contingencies  
   
Inventory Purchase Obligations  
   
At January 25, 2015 , we had outstanding inventory purchase obligations totaling $456.0 million .  
 
Capital Purchase Obligations  
   
At January 25, 2015 , we had outstanding capital pu rchase obligations totaling $51.0 million .  
   
Lease Obligations  
 
Our headquarters complex is located in Santa Clara,  California and includes eight buildings that are l eased properties. Future minimum lease 
payments related to headquarters operating leases t otal $73.1 million over the remaining terms of the leases, including p redetermined rent escalations, 
and are included in the future minimum lease paymen t schedule below.  
      
In addition to the commitment of our headquarters, we have other domestic and international office fac ilities under operating leases expiring 
through fiscal year 2025. We also include non-cance lable obligations under certain software licensing arrangements as operating leases.  
 
Future minimum lease payments under our non-cancela ble operating leases as of January 25, 2015 , are a s follows:     
   
Rent expense for the years ended January 25, 2015 ,  January 26, 2014 and January 27, 2013 was $47.3 mi llion , $43.8 million and $38.4 million , 
respectively.  
 
 
76     Future Minimum Lease 
Obligations  
   (In thousands)  
Fiscal Year:     
2016  $ 76,741  
2017  66,242  
2018  34,070  
2019  26,793  
2020  9,988  
2021 and thereafter  27,477  
Total  $ 241,311  Table of Contents  
NVIDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES  
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
(Continued)  
 
 
Capital lease obligations include building and offi ce equipment lease obligations. The building lease relates to our datacenter in Santa Clara, 
California. Future minimum lease payments under the  building capital lease total $20.9 million over the remaining lease term, including 
predetermined rent escalations, and are included in  the future minimum lease payment schedule below:  
   
Litigation  
   
3dfx  
 
On December 15, 2000, NVIDIA and one of our indirec t subsidiaries entered into an Asset Purchase Agree ment, or APA, to purchase certain 
graphics chip assets from 3dfx. The transaction clo sed on April 18, 2001. In October 2002, 3dfx filed for bankruptcy.  
 
Following the bankruptcy, in March 2003, the Truste e appointed by the Bankruptcy Court to represent 3d fx's bankruptcy estate served a 
complaint on NVIDIA asserting claims for, among oth er things, successor liability and fraudulent trans fer and seeking additional payments from us. 
The Trustee's fraudulent transfer theory alleged th at NVIDIA had failed to pay reasonably equivalent v alue for 3dfx's assets, and sought recovery of 
the difference between the $70.0 million paid and t he alleged fair value, which difference the Trustee  estimated to exceed $50.0 million . The 
Trustee's successor liability theory alleged NVIDIA  was effectively 3dfx's legal successor and therefo re was responsible for all of 3dfx's unpaid 
liabilities.  
 
In early November 2005, after several months of med iation, NVIDIA and the Official Committee of Unsecu red Creditors, or the Creditors' 
Committee, agreed to a Plan of Liquidation of 3dfx,  which included a conditional settlement of the Tru stee's claims against us. This conditional 
settlement was subject to a confirmation process th rough a vote of creditors and the review and approv al of the Bankruptcy Court. The conditional 
settlement never progressed substantially through t he confirmation process.  
 
In March 2007, a trial was held regarding certain v aluation issues in the Trustee's constructive fraud ulent transfer claims against NVIDIA. On 
April 30, 2008, the Bankruptcy Court issued its Mem orandum Decision After Trial, in which it provided a detailed summary of the trial proceedings 
and the parties' contentions and evidence and concl uded that “the creditors of 3dfx were not injured b y the Transaction.” This decision did not 
entirely dispose of the Trustee's action, however, as the Trustee's claims for successor liability and  intentional fraudulent conveyance were still 
pending. On June 19, 2008, NVIDIA filed a motion fo r summary judgment to convert the Memorandum Decisi on After Trial to a final judgment. 
That motion was granted in its entirety and judgmen t was entered in NVIDIA's favor on September 11, 20 08. The Trustee filed a Notice of Appeal 
from that judgment on September 22, 2008, and on Se ptember 25, 2008, NVIDIA exercised its election to have the appeal heard by the United States 
District Court.  
 
On December 20, 2010, the District Court issued an Order affirming the Bankruptcy Court's entry of sum mary judgment in NVIDIA's favor, and 
on January 19, 2011, the Trustee filed a Notice of Appeal to the United States Court of Appeals for th e Ninth Circuit. Oral argument on the appeal 
was held on October 8, 2014. On November 6, 2014, t he Ninth Circuit affirmed the District Court’ s decision upholding the ruling of the Bankruptcy 
Court and the case concluded on February 5, 2015.  
 
 
77     Future Capital Lease 
Obligations  
   (In thousands)  
Fiscal Year:     
2016  $ 5,303  
2017  5,453  
2018  5,607  
2019  5,767  
2020  26  
2021 and thereafter  — 
Total  $ 22,156  
Present value of minimum lease payments  $ 17,500  
      
Current portion  $ 3,414  
Long-term portion  $ 14,086  Table of Contents  
NVIDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES  
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
(Continued)  
 
 
Securities Cases  
 
In September 2008, three putative securities class actions were filed in the United States District Co urt for the Northern District of California 
arising out of our announcements on July 2, 2008, t hat we would take a charge against cost of revenue to cover anticipated costs and expenses arising 
from a weak die/packaging material set in certain v ersions of our previous generation MCP and GPU prod ucts and that we were revising financial 
guidance for our second quarter of fiscal year 2009 . The actions purport to be brought on behalf of pu rchasers of NVIDIA stock and assert claims for 
violations of Sections 10(b) and 20(a) of the Secur ities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.  
 
On January 22, 2010, Plaintiffs filed a Consolidate d Amended Class Action Complaint, asserting claims for violations of Section 10(b), Rule 
10b-5, and Section 20(a) of the Securities Exchange Act  and seeking unspecified compensatory damages. We m oved to dismiss the consolidated 
complaint and on October 19, 2010, Judge Seeborg gr anted our motion with leave to amend. On December 2 , 2010, Plaintiffs filed a Second 
Consolidated Amended Complaint. We again moved to d ismiss and on October 12, 2011, Judge Seeborg again  granted our motion to dismiss, this 
time denying Plaintiffs leave to amend. On November  8, 2011, Plaintiffs filed a Notice of Appeal to th e Ninth Circuit. Oral argument was held on 
January 14, 2014. On October 2, 2014, the Ninth Cir cuit issued an order affirming the dismissal. On Oc tober 16, 2014, Plaintiffs requested a 
rehearing or en banc review of the Ninth Circuit’s opinion affirming the dismissal. Plaintiffs’ request was denied on November 10, 2014. On 
February 9, 2015, Plaintiffs filed a petition for w rit of certiorari to the United States Supreme Cour t.  
 
Patent Infringement Cases  
 
On September 4, 2014, NVIDIA filed complaints again st Qualcomm, Inc., or Qualcomm, and various Samsung  entities with both the United 
States International Trade Commission, or ITC, and the United States District Court for the District o f Delaware for alleged infringement of seven 
patents relating to graphics processing. In the ITC  action, NVIDIA seeks to block shipments of Samsung  Galaxy mobile phones and tablets 
containing Qualcomm’s Adreno, ARM’s Mali or Imagina tion’s PowerVR graphics architectures. On October 6, 201 4, the ITC initiated an 
investigation of NVIDIA’ s claim and the investigation is currently underway . On February 2 and 3, 2015, the court conducted a claim construction 
hearing on certain claim language from five of the patents at issue. A decision on claim construction is expected in March 2015.  
 
In the Delaware action, NVIDIA seeks unspecified da mages for Samsung and Qualcomm’ s alleged patent infringement. On October 22, 2014,  
Samsung and Qualcomm moved to stay the Delaware pro ceedings in light of the pending ITC action. The co urt granted the motion to stay on 
October 23, 2014.  
 
On November 10, 2014, Samsung filed a complaint aga inst NVIDIA and Velocity Micro, Inc., in the United  States District Court for the Eastern 
District of Virginia, alleging that NVIDIA infringe d six patents and falsely advertised that the Tegra  K1 processor is the world’ s fastest mobile 
processor. On December 19, 2014, Samsung filed an a mended, longer complaint but asserting the same cla ims against NVIDIA. Samsung seeks 
unspecified damages and an injunction prohibiting N VIDIA from any future violations. NVIDIA answered t he amended complaint on January 26, 
2015 and filed an amended answer on March 3, 2015. On January 12, 2015, NVIDIA moved to transfer the a ction to the Northern District of 
California and to sever and stay the proceedings ag ainst Velocity Micro, Inc. Briefing on the motion t o transfer is now complete and submitted to the 
court for decision.  
 
Accounting for Loss Contingencies  
 
While there can be no assurance of favorable outcom es, we believe the claims made by other parties in the above ongoing matters are without 
merit and we intend to vigorously defend the action s. As of January 25, 2015, we have not recorded any  accrual for contingent liabilities associated 
with the legal proceedings described above based on  our belief that liabilities, while possible, are n ot probable. Further, any possible range of loss in  
these matters cannot be reasonably estimated at thi s time. We are engaged in other legal actions not d escribed above arising in the ordinary course of 
its business and, while there can be no assurance o f favorable outcomes, we believe that the ultimate outcome of these actions will not have a 
material adverse effect on our operating results, l iquidity or financial position.  
 
 
78  Table of Contents  
NVIDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES  
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
(Continued)  
 
 
Note 13 - Income Taxes  
   
The income tax expense applicable to income before income taxes consists of the following:  
   
Income before income tax consists of the following:   
   
The income tax expense differs from the amount comp uted by applying the federal statutory income tax r ate of 35% to income before income 
taxes as follows:  
 
 
79     Year Ended  
   January 25,  
2015    January 26,  
2014    January 27,  
2013  
   (In thousands)  
Current income taxes:               
Federal  $ 7,995    $ 7,896    $ 7,506  
State  818    1,234    1,016  
Foreign  17,356    18,513    16,766  
Total current  26,169    27,643    25,288  
Deferred taxes:               
Federal  83,827    17,070    28,143  
State  —   —   — 
Foreign  (1,258 )   (1,640 )   3,717  
Total deferred  82,569    15,430    31,860  
Charge in lieu of taxes attributable to employer st ock option plans  15,511    27,191    42,355  
Income tax expense  $ 124,249    $ 70,264    $ 99,503  
   Year Ended  
   January 25,  
2015    January 26,  
2014    January 27,  
2013  
   (In thousands)  
Domestic  $ 173,865    $ 79,136    $ 99,422  
Foreign  580,971    431,118    562,617  
Income before income tax  $ 754,836    $ 510,254    $ 662,039  
   Year Ended  
   January 25,  
2015    January 26,  
2014    January 27,  
2013  
   (In thousands)  
Tax expense computed at federal statutory rate  $ 264,192    $ 178,589    $ 231,714  
State income taxes, net of federal tax effect  681    1,608    1,048  
Foreign tax rate differential  (119,786 )   (93,831 )   (123,626 ) 
U.S. federal R&D tax credit  (34,319 )   (30,155 )   (29,294 ) 
Stock-based compensation  4,332    8,900    11,876  
Tax expense related to intercompany transaction  9,785    9,785    9,785  
Other  (636 )   (4,632 )   (2,000 ) 
Income tax expense  $ 124,249    $ 70,264    $ 99,503  Table of Contents  
NVIDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES  
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
(Continued)  
 
 
The tax effect of temporary differences that gives rise to significant portions of the deferred tax as sets and liabilities are presented below:      
 
We recognized income tax expense of $124.2 million , $70.3 million and $99.5 million during fiscal years 2015, 2014 and 2013, respective ly. 
Income tax expense as a percentage of income before  taxes, or our annual effective tax rate, was 16.5%  in fiscal year 2015, 13.8% in fiscal year 2014 
and 15.0% in fiscal year 2013. The difference in the effectiv e tax rates amongst the three years was primarily d ue to an increase in the amount of 
earnings subject to United States tax in fiscal yea r 2015 and a higher percentage of research tax cred it benefit in fiscal year 2014.  
 
Our effective tax rate on income before tax for the  fiscal years was lower than the United States fede ral statutory rate of 35% due to income 
earned in jurisdictions, including British Virgin I slands, Hong Kong, China, Taiwan and United Kingdom , where the tax rate is lower, favorable 
recognition of the U.S. federal research tax credit  and release of tax reserves as a result of the exp iration of statutes of limitations in certain non- U.S. 
jurisdictions for which we had not previously recog nized related tax benefits.   
   
As of January 25, 2015 and January 26, 2014 we had a valuation allowance of $261.0 million and $244.5 million , respectively, related to state 
and certain foreign deferred tax assets that manage ment determined not likely to be realized due, in p art, to projections of future taxable income. To 
the extent realization of the deferred tax assets b ecomes more-likely-than- not, we would recognize such deferred tax asset as an income tax benefit 
during the period.  
 
Our deferred tax assets do not include the excess t ax benefit related to stock- based compensation that are a component of our fede ral and state 
net operating loss and research tax credit carryfor wards in the amount of $411.9 million as of January 25, 2015. Consistent with prior years , the 
excess tax benefit reflected in our net operating l oss and research tax credit carryforwards will be a ccounted for as a credit to shareholders' equity, i f 
and when realized.  
   
 
80     January 25,  
2015    January 26,  
2014  
   (In thousands)  
Deferred tax assets:     
Net operating loss carryforwards  $ 72,322    $ 81,629  
Accruals and reserves, not currently deductible for  tax purposes  109,123    131,932  
Property, equipment and intangible assets  45,593    48,358  
Research and other tax credit carryforwards  350,655    306,975  
Stock-based compensation  29,850    33,135  
Convertible debt  12,327    14,885  
Gross deferred tax assets  619,870    616,914  
Less valuation allowance  (260,985 )   (244,487 ) 
Total deferred tax assets  358,885    372,427  
Deferred tax liabilities:          
Acquired intangibles  (24,463 )   (33,244 ) 
Unremitted earnings of foreign subsidiaries  (500,031 )   (425,401 ) 
Gross deferred tax liabilities  (524,494 )   (458,645 ) 
Net deferred tax liability  $ (165,609 )   $ (86,218 ) Table of Contents  
NVIDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES  
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
(Continued)  
 
 
As of January 25, 2015, we had federal, state and f oreign net operating loss carryforwards of $521.5 m illion , $667.2 million and $332.6 
million , respectively. The federal and state carryforwards  will expire beginning in fiscal year 2022 and 2016 , respectively. The foreign net operating 
loss carryforwards of $316.7 million may be carried  forward indefinitely and the remainder of $15.9 mi llion will begin to expire in fiscal year 2016. 
As of January 25, 2015, we had federal research tax  credit carryforwards of $429.6 million that will begin to expire in fiscal year 2018. We h ave state 
research tax credit carryforwards of $411.7 million  , of which $395.9 million is attributable to the State of California and may be carried over 
indefinitely, and $15.8 million is attributable to various other states and will ex pire beginning in fiscal year 2016. We have other s tate tax credit 
carryforwards of $3.0 million that will expire in f iscal year 2026 and foreign tax credit carryforward s of $18.4 million , which may be refunded in 
fiscal years 2016 through 2019 if not utilized. Our  tax attributes, net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards, remain subject to audit and may be 
adjusted for changes or modification in tax laws, o ther authoritative interpretations thereof, or othe r facts and circumstances. Utilization of federal, 
state, and foreign net operating losses and tax cre dit carryforwards may also be subject to limitation s due to ownership changes and other limitations 
provided by the Internal Revenue Code and similar s tate and foreign tax provisions. If any such limita tions apply, the federal, states, or foreign net 
operating loss and tax credit carryforwards, as app licable, may expire or be denied before utilization .  
 
As of January 25, 2015, U.S. federal and state inco me taxes have not been provided on approximately $2 .27 billion of undistributed earnings of 
non-United States subsidiaries as such earnings are con sidered to be indefinitely reinvested. We have not provided the amount of unrecognized 
deferred tax liabilities for temporary differences related to investments in our foreign subsidiaries as the determination of such amount is not 
practicable.  
   
As of January 25, 2015, we had $253.7 million of gr oss unrecognized tax benefits, of which $228.7 mill ion would affect our effective tax rate if 
recognized. However, approximately $45.3 million of the unrecognized tax benefits were related to st ate income tax positions taken, that, if 
recognized, would be in the form of a carryforward deferred tax asset that would likely attract a full  valuation allowance. The $228.7 million of 
unrecognized tax benefits as of January 25, 2015 co nsisted of $106.6 million recorded in non-current i ncome taxes payable and $122.1 million 
reflected as a reduction to the related deferred ta x assets.  
 
A reconciliation of gross unrecognized tax benefits  is as follows:  
 
We classify an unrecognized tax benefit as a curren t liability, or as a reduction of the deferred tax assets or amount refundable, to the extent that 
we anticipate payment or receipt of cash for income  taxes within one year. Likewise, the amount is cla ssified as a long- term liability, reduction of 
long-term deferred tax assets or amount refundable,  if we anticipate payment or receipt of cash for in come taxes during a period beyond a year.  
 
Our policy is to include interest and penalties rel ated to unrecognized tax benefits as a component of  income tax expense. As of January 25, 
2015, January 26, 2014, and January 27, 2013, we ha d accrued $14.4 million , $12.9 million and $11.3 m illion , respectively, for the payment of 
interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits, which is not included as a component of o ur unrecognized tax benefits. As of January 25, 
2015, non-current income taxes payable of $121.0 mi llion consisted of unrecognized tax benefits of $10 6.6 million and the related interest and 
penalties of $14.4 million.  
 
While we believe that we have adequately provided f or all tax positions, amounts asserted by tax autho rities could be greater or less than our 
accrued position. Accordingly, our provisions on fe deral, state and foreign tax- related matters to be recorded in the future may ch ange as revised 
estimates are made or the underlying matters are se ttled or otherwise resolved. As of January 25, 2015 , we do not believe that our estimates, as 
otherwise provided for, on such tax positions will significantly increase or decrease within the next twelve months.  
 
 
81     January 25,  
2015    January 26,  
2014    January 27,  
2013  
   (In thousands)  
Balance at beginning of period  $ 237,738    $ 220,543    $ 138,262  
Increases in tax positions for prior years  —   —   18,800  
Decreases in tax positions for prior years  (871 )   (714 )   (304 ) 
Increases in tax positions for current year  22,865    22,787    67,764  
Lapse in statute of limitations  (5,997 )   (4,878 )   (3,979 ) 
Balance at end of period  $ 253,735    $ 237,738    $ 220,543  Table of Contents  
NVIDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES  
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
(Continued)  
 
 
We are subject to taxation by a number of taxing au thorities both in the United States and throughout the world. As of January 25, 2015, the 
material tax jurisdictions that may be subject to e xamination include the United States, Taiwan, Canad a, China, Germany, Hong Kong, France, Japan, 
and India for fiscal years 2003 through 2014. As of  January 25, 2015, the material tax jurisdictions f or which we are currently under examination 
include the state of California for fiscal years 20 11 through 2012, and India, France and Germany for fiscal years 2003 through 2014.  
 
Note 14 - Shareholders’ Equity  
 
Share Repurchase Program  
 
Beginning August 2004, our Board of Directors autho rized us, subject to certain specifications, to rep urchase shares of our common stock. Most 
recently, in November 2013, the Board extended the previously authorized repurchase program through Ja nuary 2016 and authorized an additional 
$1.00 billion for an aggregate of $3.70 billion und er the repurchase program.  
 
During fiscal year 2015, we repurchased a total of 44.4 million shares of our common stock for $813.6 million and paid $186.5 million in cash 
dividends - equivalent to $0.085 per share on a qua rterly basis, or $0.34 per share on an annual basis  - to our common shareholders. As a result, we 
returned $1.0 billion to shareholders during fiscal  year 2015 in the form of share repurchases and div idend payments.  
 
Through the end of fiscal year 2015, we have repurc hased an aggregate of 205.6 million shares under our share repurchase program for a tot al 
cost of $3,265.2 million . All shares delivered from these repurchases have been placed into treasury stock. As of January 25, 2015, we are 
authorized, subject to certain specifications, to r epurchase shares of our common stock up to $434.8 m illion through January 2016.  
 
On November 6, 2014, we announced our intention to return approximately $600.0 million to our shareholders in fiscal year 2016 through a 
combination of share repurchases and cash dividends . On February 11, 2015, we declared that we would p ay our next quarterly cash dividend of 
$0.085 per share on March 19, 2015, to all sharehol ders of record on February 26, 2015.  
 
In addition to our Board authorized share repurchas es, we withhold common stock shares associated with  net share settlements to cover tax 
withholding obligations upon the vesting of RSU and  PSU awards under our equity incentive program. Dur ing fiscal year 2015, we withheld 
approximately 2.3 million shares at a total cost of  $43.7 million through net share settlements. Pleas e refer to Note 2 of these Notes to the 
Consolidated Financial Statements for further infor mation regarding stock- based compensation related to equity awards granted  under our equity 
incentive programs.  
 
Convertible Preferred Stock  
 
As of January 25, 2015 and January 26, 2014 , there  were no shares of preferred stock outstanding.  
 
Note 15 - Employee Retirement Plans  
   
We have a 401(k) Retirement Plan covering substanti ally all of our United States employees. Under the plan, participating employees may defer 
up to 100% of their pre- tax earnings, subject to the Internal Revenue Servi ce annual contribution limits. Effective January 20 13, we began matching 
a portion of the employee contributions. Our contri bution expense in fiscal years 2015 and 2014 was $5 .8 million and $5.1 million , respectively. We 
also have defined contribution retirement plans out side of the United States to which we contributed $ 19.7 million , $16.2 million and $16.7 million 
for fiscal years 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively.   
 
 
82  Table of Contents  
NVIDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES  
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
(Continued)  
 
 
Note 16 - Segment Information    
Our Chief Executive Officer, who is considered to b e our chief operating decision maker, or CODM, revi ews financial information presented on 
an operating segment basis for purposes of making o perating decisions and assessing financial performa nce. Our operating segments are equivalent 
to our reportable segments.  
 
We report our business in two primary reporting seg ments - the GPU business and the Tegra Processor bu siness - based on a single underlying 
graphics architecture.  
 
Our GPU product brands aimed at specialized markets  include GeForce for gamers; Quadro for designers; Tesla for researchers, deep learning 
and big-data analysts; and GRID for cloud-based vis ual computing users.  
 
We also integrate our GPUs into tiny mobile chips c alled system-on-a- chip (SOC) processors, which power tablets, and aut omotive infotainment 
and safety systems. Our Tegra brand integrates an e ntire computer onto a single chip, incorporating GP Us and multi- core CPUs with audio, video 
and input/output capabilities. They can also be int egrated with baseband processors to add voice and d ata communication. Tegra conserves power 
while delivering state-of-the-art graphics and mult imedia processing.  
 
We have a single unifying architecture for our GPU and Tegra Processors. This architecture unification  leverages our visual computing expertise 
by charging the operating expenses of certain core engineering functions to the GPU business, while ch arging the Tegra Processor business for the 
incremental cost of the teams working directly for that business. In instances where the operating exp enses of certain functions benefit both reporting 
segments, our CODM assigns 100% of those expenses t o the reporting segment that benefits the most. The  revenue and cost of revenue of the 
reporting segments was not affected, and comparativ e periods presented below reflect the impact of thi s change.  
 
The “All Other” category presented below represents the revenue and  expenses that our CODM does not assign to either t he GPU business or the 
Tegra Processor business for purposes of making ope rating decisions or assessing financial performance . The revenue includes primarily patent 
licensing revenue and the expenses include corporat e infrastructure and support costs, stock-based com pensation costs, amortization of acquisition-
related intangible assets, other acquisition-relate d costs, and other non- recurring charges and benefits that our CODM deems to be enterprise in 
nature.  
 
 
 
83  Table of Contents  
NVIDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES  
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
(Continued)  
 
 
Our CODM does not review any information regarding total assets on a reporting segment basis. Reportin g segments do not record intersegment 
revenue, and, accordingly, there is none to be repo rted. The accounting policies for segment reporting  are the same as for NVIDIA as a whole. The 
table below presents details of our reportable segm ents and the “All Other” category.  
Revenue by geographic region is allocated to indivi dual countries based on the location to which the p roducts are initially billed even if our 
customers’ revenue is attributable to end customers that are l ocated in a different location. The following table s summarize information pertaining to 
our revenue from customers based on invoicing addre ss in different geographic regions:   
 
84     GPU    Tegra Processor    All Other    Consolidated  
   (In thousands)  
Year Ended January 25, 2015:                    
Revenue  $ 3,838,906    $ 578,601    $ 264,000    $ 4,681,507  
Depreciation and amortization expense  $ 116,683    $ 57,282    $ 46,160    $ 220,125  
Operating income (loss)  $ 1,113,350    $ (254,435 )   $ (99,926 )   $ 758,989  
Year Ended January 26, 2014:                    
Revenue  $ 3,468,144    $ 398,018    $ 264,000    $ 4,130,162  
Depreciation and amortization expense  $ 146,571    $ 49,839    $ 42,738    $ 239,148  
Operating income (loss)  $ 834,763    $ (268,068 )   $ (70,468 )   $ 496,227  
Year Ended January 27, 2013:                    
Revenue  $ 3,251,712    $ 764,447    $ 264,000    $ 4,280,159  
Depreciation and amortization expense  $ 143,262    $ 40,793    $ 42,180    $ 226,235  
Operating income (loss)  $ 694,338    $ 40,508    $ (86,607 )   $ 648,239  
     Year Ended  
     January 25,  
2015    January 26,  
2014    January 27,  
2013  
     (In thousands)  
Reconciling items included in "All Other" category:             
Revenue not allocated to reporting segments    $ 264,000    $ 264,000    $ 264,000  
Unallocated corporate operating expenses and other expenses    (168,730 )   (166,483 )   (157,680 ) 
Stock-based compensation    (157,841 )   (136,295 )   (136,662 ) 
Acquisition-related costs, net    (37,355 )   (31,652 )   (36,138 ) 
Other non-recurring expenses and benefits    —   (38 )   (20,127 ) 
Total    $ (99,926 )   $ (70,468 )   $ (86,607 ) 
   Year Ended  
   January 25,  
2015    January 26,  
2014    January 27,  
2013  
Revenue:  (In thousands)  
Taiwan  $ 1,594,435    $ 1,321,503    $ 1,356,838  
China  922,121    793,790    780,493  
United States  790,614    726,830    799,430  
Other Asia Pacific  637,029    675,339    783,573  
Europe  368,921    295,160    263,488  
Other Americas  368,387    317,540    296,337  
Total revenue  $ 4,681,507    $ 4,130,162    $ 4,280,159  Table of Contents  
NVIDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES  
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
(Continued)  
 
 
The following table presents summarized information  for long-lived assets by geographic region. Long- lived assets consist of property and 
equipment and deposits and other assets, and exclud e goodwill and intangible assets.  
 
Revenue from significant customers, those represent ing 10% or more of total revenue for the respective  dates, is summarized as follows:  
 
Revenue from customer A was attributable to both th e GPU and Tegra Processor businesses, while revenue  from customer B was attributable to 
the GPU business.  
 
Accounts receivable from significant customers, tho se representing 10% or more of total accounts recei vable for the respective periods, is 
summarized as follows:   
 
85     January 25,  
2015    January 26,  
2014  
Long-lived assets:  (In thousands)  
United States  $ 467,277    $ 522,461  
Taiwan  52,176    51,993  
Europe  51,521    50,677  
India  48,544    31,456  
China  28,073    29,313  
Other Asia Pacific  587    1,092  
Total long-lived assets  $ 648,178    $ 686,992  
   Year Ended  
   January 25,  
2015    January 26,  
2014    January 27,  
2013  
Revenue:               
Customer A  11 %   11 %   13 % 
Customer B  9 %   10 %   9 % 
   January 25,  
2015    January 26,  
2014  
Accounts Receivable:          
Customer B  20 %   23 % 
Customer C  10 %   9 % Table of Contents  
NVIDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES  
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
(Continued)  
 
 
Note 17 - Quarterly Summary (Unaudited)  
   
The following table sets forth our unaudited consol idated financial results, for the last eight fiscal  quarters:  
 
 
 
86     Fiscal Year 2015  
Quarters Ended  
   January 25,  
2015    October 26,  
2014    July 27,  
2014    April 27,  
2014  
   (In thousands, except per share data)  
Statement of Income Data:                    
Revenue  $ 1,250,514    $ 1,225,382    $ 1,102,824    $ 1,102,787  
Cost of revenue  $ 550,911    $ 548,684    $ 483,850    $ 498,585  
Gross profit  $ 699,603    $ 676,698    $ 618,974    $ 604,202  
Net income  $ 193,128    $ 172,967    $ 127,976    $ 136,516  
Net income per share:                    
Basic  $ 0.35    $ 0.32    $ 0.23    $ 0.24  
Diluted  $ 0.35    $ 0.31    $ 0.22    $ 0.24  
   Fiscal Year 2014  
Quarters Ended  
   January 26,  
2014    October 27,  
2013    July 28,  
2013    April 28,  
2013  
   (In thousands, except per share data)  
Statement of Income Data:                    
Revenue  $ 1,144,218    $ 1,053,967    $ 977,238    $ 954,739  
Cost of revenue  $ 524,976    $ 469,552    $ 431,700    $ 436,171  
Gross profit  $ 619,242    $ 584,415    $ 545,538    $ 518,568  
Net income  $ 146,917    $ 118,734    $ 96,448    $ 77,891  
Net income per share:                    
Basic  $ 0.26    $ 0.20    $ 0.16    $ 0.13  
Diluted  $ 0.25    $ 0.20    $ 0.16    $ 0.13  Table of Contents  
 
NVIDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES  
SCHEDULE II – VALUATION AND QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS  
  
   
(1)  Additions represent allowance for doubtful acc ounts charged to expense and deductions represent a mounts recorded as reduction to expense upon 
reassessment of allowance for doubtful accounts at period end.  
(2) Represents allowance for sales returns estimate d at the time revenue is recognized primarily based  on historical return rates and is charged as a 
reduction to revenue.  
(3)  Represents change in valuation allowance prima rily related to state and certain foreign deferred tax assets that management has determined not 
likely to be realized due, in part, to projections of future taxable income of the respective jurisdic tions.  
(4) Represents allowance for sales returns written off.  
 
 
87  Description     Balance at  
Beginning of 
Period     Additions     Deductions     Balance at  
End of Period  
      (In thousands)  
Year ended January 25, 2015                          
Allowance for doubtful accounts     $ 848     $ 2,837  (1)  $ (793 ) (1)  $ 2,892  
Sales return allowance     $ 14,111     $ 12,427  (2)  $ (12,447 ) (4)  $ 14,091  
Deferred tax valuation allowance     $ 244,487     $ 16,498  (3)  $ —    $ 260,985  
Year ended January 26, 2014                          
Allowance for doubtful accounts     $ 1,804     $ 309  (1)  $ (1,265 ) (1)  $ 848  
Sales return allowance     $ 14,790     $ 15,881  (2)  $ (16,560 ) (4)  $ 14,111  
Deferred tax valuation allowance     $ 224,774     $ 19,713  (3)  $ —    $ 244,487  
Year ended January 27, 2013                          
Allowance for doubtful accounts     $ 973     $ 1,139  (1)  $ (308 ) (1)  $ 1,804  
Sales return allowance     $ 13,881     $ 16,533  (2)  $ (15,624 ) (4)  $ 14,790  
Deferred tax valuation allowance     $ 212,285     $ 12,489  (3)  $ —    $ 224,774  Table of Contents  
 
EXHIBIT INDEX  
 
 
88            Incorporated by Reference          
Exhibit No.   Exhibit Description    Schedule/Form   File Number    Exhibit    Filing Date  
3.1    Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation    S-8    333-74905    4.1    3/23/1999  
3.2  
  Certificate of Amendment of Amended and Restated 
Certificate of Incorporation    10-Q  
  0-23985  
  3.1  
  8/21/2008  
3.3  
  Certificate of Amendment of Amended and Restated 
Certificate of Incorporation    8-K  
  0-23985  
  3.1  
  5/24/2011  
3.4  
  Bylaws of NVIDIA Corporation, Amended and Restated 
as of November 11, 2013    8-K  
  0-23985  
  3.1  
  11/14/2013  
4.1    Reference is made to Exhibits 3.1, 3.2, 3.3 and 3.4                       
4.2    Specimen Stock Certificate    S-1/A    333-47495    4.2    4/24/1998  
4.3  
  Indenture (including the form of Notes) dated Decem ber 
2, 2013 between NVIDIA Corporation and Wells Fargo 
Bank, National Association    8-K  
  0-23985  
  4.1  
  12/2/2013  
4.4  
  Form of 1.00% Convertible Senior Note due 2018 
(included in Exhibit 4.3)    8-K  
  0-23985  
  4.2  
  12/2/2013  
10.1  
  Form of Indemnity Agreement between NVIDIA 
Corporation and each of its directors and officers    8-K  
  0-23985  
  10.1  
  3/7/2006  
10.2+    1998 Equity Incentive Plan, as amended    8-K    0-23985    10.2    3/13/2006  
10.3+    1998 Equity Incentive Plan ISO, as amended    10-Q    0-23985    10.5    11/22/2004  
10.4+    1998 Equity Incentive Plan NSO, as amended    10-Q    0-23985    10.6    11/22/2004  
10.5+    Certificate of Stock Option Grant    10-Q    0-23985    10.7    11/22/2004  
10.6+  
  PortalPlayer, Inc. 1999 Stock Option Plan and Form of 
Agreements thereunder    S-8  
  333-140021  
  99.1  
  1/16/2007  
10.7+  
  PortalPlayer, Inc. Amended and Restated 2004 Stock 
Incentive Plan    S-8  
  333-140021  
  99.2  
  1/16/2007  
10.8+    Amended and Restated 2007 Equity Incentive Plan    10-Q    0-23985    10.1    8/20/2014  
10.9+  
  2007 Equity Incentive Plan - Non Statutory Stock 
Option (Annual Grant - Board Service (2007))    10-Q  
  0-23985  
  10.2  
  8/22/2007  
10.10+  
  2007 Equity Incentive Plan - Non Statutory Stock 
Option (Annual Grant - Committee Service (2007))    10-Q  
  0-23985  
  10.3  
  8/22/2007  
10.11+  
  2007 Equity Incentive Plan - Non Statutory Stock 
Option (Initial Grant - Board Service (2007))    10-Q  
  0-23985  
  10.4  
  8/22/2007  
10.12+  
  2007 Equity Incentive Plan - Non-Statutory Stock 
Option (Annual Grant - Board Service (2009))    10-Q  
  0-23985  
  10.1  
  8/20/2009  
10.13+  
  2007 Equity Incentive Plan - Non-Statutory Stock 
Option (Annual Grant - Board Service (2011))    10-Q  
  0-23985  
  10.41  
  5/27/2011  
10.14+  
  2007 Equity Incentive Plan - Non-Statutory Stock 
Option (Initial Grant - Board Service (2011))    8-K  
  0-23985  
  10.1  
  12/14/2011  
10.15+  
  Amended and Restated 2007 Equity Incentive Plan - 
Non-Employee Director Stock Option Grant (2012 
Annual Board Retainer)    10-Q  
  0-23985  
  10.4  
  5/23/2012  
10.16+  
  2007 Equity Incentive Plan -  Non Statutory Stock 
Option    8-K  
  0-23985  
  10.2  
  9/13/2010  Table of Contents  
 
 
89  10.17+    2007 Equity Incentive Plan - Incentive Stock Option     8-K    0-23985    10.21    9/13/2010  
10.18+  
  Amended and Restated 2007 Equity Incentive Plan - N on 
Statutory Stock Option    10-Q  
  0-23985  
  10.1  
  8/22/2012  
10.19+  
  Amended and Restated 2007 Equity Incentive Plan - 
Incentive Stock Option    10-Q  
  0-23985  
  10.2  
  8/22/2012  
10.20+  
  2007 Equity Incentive Plan - Restricted Stock Unit Grant 
Notice and Restricted Stock Unit Purchase Agreement     10-Q  
  0-23985  
  10.22  
  12/7/2010  
10.21+  
  Amended and Restated 2007 Equity Incentive Plan - 
Restricted Stock Unit Grant Notice and Restricted S tock 
Unit Purchase Agreement    10-Q  
  0-23985  
  10.3  
  8/22/2012  
10.22+  
  Amended and Restated 2007 Equity Incentive Plan - 
Non-Employee Director Restricted Stock Unit (withou t 
deferral option)    10-Q  
  0-23985  
  10.2  
  5/23/2012  
10.23+  
  Amended and Restated 2007 Equity Incentive Plan - 
Non-Employee Director Restricted Stock Unit (with 
deferral option)    10-Q  
  0-23985  
  10.3  
  5/23/2012  
10.24+  
  Amended and Restated 2007 Equity Incentive Plan - N on 
Statutory Stock Option (Initial Grant - Board Servi ce)    8-K  
  0-23985  
  10.1  
  7/23/2013  
10.25+*  
  Amended and Restated 2007 Equity Incentive Plan - 
Non-Employee Director Deferred Restricted Stock Uni t 
Grant Notice and Deferred Restricted Stock Unit 
Agreement (2015)                      
10.26+*  
  Amended and Restated 2007 Equity Incentive Plan - 
Non-Employee Director Deferred Restricted Stock Uni t 
Grant Notice and Deferred Restricted Stock Unit 
Agreement (2016)                      
10.27+*  
  Amended and Restated 2007 Equity Incentive Plan - 
Non-Employee Director Restricted Stock Unit Grant 
Notice and Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (2016)                      
10.28+  
  Amended and Restated 2012 Employee Stock Purchase 
Plan    10-Q  
  0-23985  
  10.2  
  8/20/2014  
10.29+    Fiscal Year 2015 Variable Compensation Plan    8-K    0-23985    10.1    4/15/2014  
10.30+    Fiscal Year 2014 Variable Compensation Plan    8-K    0-23985    10.1    4/2/2013  
10.31+  
  Offer Letter between NVIDIA Corporation and Colette  
Kress, dated September 13, 2013    8-K  
  0-23985  
  10.1  
  9/16/2013  
10.32  
  Lease dated April 4, 2000 between NVIDIA Corporatio n 
and Sobrato Interests III for Building A    S-3/A  
    333-33560  
  10.1  
  4/20/2000  
10.33  
  Lease dated April 4, 2000 between NVIDIA Corporatio n 
and Sobrato Interests III for Building B    S-3/A  
    333-33560  
  10.2  
  4/20/2000  
10.34  
  Lease dated April 4, 2000 between NVIDIA Corporatio n 
and Sobrato Interests III for Building C    S-3/A  
    333-33560  
  10.3  
  4/20/2000  
10.35  
  Lease dated April 4, 2000 between NVIDIA Corporatio n 
and Sobrato Interests III for Building D    S-3/A  
    333-33560  
  10.4  
  4/20/2000  
10.36  
  Memory Controller Patent License Agreement Between 
Rambus Inc. and NVIDIA Corporation, dated August 12 , 
2010    10-Q  
     0-23985  
  10.32  
  12/7/2010  
10.37  
  Second Amendment to Lease, dated August 18, 2010 
between NVIDIA Corporation and Sobrato Interests II I 
for Building A    10-Q  
     0-23985  
  10.33  
  12/7/2010  Table of Contents  
 
 
*  Filed herewith.  
 
+  Management contract or compensatory plan or arra ngement.  
 
#  In accordance with Item 601(b)(32)(ii) of Regula tion S-K and SEC Release Nos. 33-8238 and 34- 47986, Final Rule: Management's Reports on 
Internal Control Over Financial Reporting and Certi fication of Disclosure in Exchange Act Periodic Rep orts, the certifications furnished in 
Exhibits 32.1 and 32.2 hereto are deemed to accompa ny this Annual Report on Form 10-K and will not be deemed “filed” for purpose of 
Section 18 of the Exchange Act. Such certifications  will not be deemed to be incorporated by reference  into any filing under the Securities Act or 
the Exchange Act, except to the extent that the reg istrant specifically incorporates it by reference.  
 
Copies of above exhibits not contained herein are a vailable to any shareholder upon written request to :  
Investor Relations: NVIDIA Corporation, 2701 San To mas Expressway, Santa Clara, CA 95050  
 
90  10.38  
  Third Amendment to Lease, dated August 18, 2010, 
between NVIDIA Corporation and Sobrato Interests II I 
for Building B    10-Q  
     0-23985  
  10.34  
  12/7/2010  
10.39  
  Third Amendment to Lease, dated August 18, 2010, 
between NVIDIA Corporation and Sobrato Interests II I 
for Building C    10-Q  
     0-23985  
  10.35  
  12/7/2010  
10.40  
  Second Amendment to Lease, dated August 18, 2010, 
between NVIDIA Corporation and Sobrato Interests II I 
for Building D    10-Q  
     0-23985  
  10.36  
  12/7/2010  
10.41  
  Patent Cross License Agreement dated as of January 10, 
2011, between NVIDIA Corporation and Intel 
Corporation    8-K  
    0-23985  
  10.1  
  1/10/2011  
10.42  
  Master Confirmation and Supplemental Confirmation 
between NVIDIA Corporation and Goldman, Sachs & 
Co., dated May 14, 2013    10-Q  
  0-23985  
  10.3  
  5/22/2013  
10.43  
  Supplemental Confirmation between NVIDIA 
Corporation and Goldman, Sachs & Co., dated Februar y 
14, 2014    10-Q  
  0-23985  
  10.1  
  5/21/2014  
10.44    Base Convertible Note Hedge Transaction Confirmatio n    8-K    0-23985    99.1    12/2/2013  
10.45    Base Warrant Transaction Confirmation    8-K    0-23985    99.2    12/2/2013  
10.46  
  Additional Convertible Note Hedge Transaction 
Confirmation    8-K  
  0-23985  
  99.3  
  12/2/2013  
10.47    Additional Warrant Transaction Confirmation    8-K    0-23985    99.4    12/2/2013  
21.1*    List of Registrant's Subsidiaries      
23.1*    Consent of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP     
24.1*    Power of Attorney (included in signature page)     
31.1*    Certification of Chief Executive Officer as require d by Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934  
31.2*    Certification of Chief Financial Officer as require d by Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934  
32.1#*    Certification of Chief Executive Officer as require d by Rule 13a-14(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934  
32.2#*    Certification of Chief Financial Officer as require d by Rule 13a-14(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934  
101.INS*     XBRL Instance Document     
101.SCH*     XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document     
101.CAL*     XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Docum ent     
101.DEF*     XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Docume nt      
101.LAB*     XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase Document     
101.PRE*    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Docum ent     Table of Contents  
 
SIGNATURES  
   
    Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 1 5(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Re gistrant has duly caused this report to 
be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereun to duly authorized, on March 11, 2015 .  
   
   
POWER OF ATTORNEY  
   
KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each perso n whose signature appears below constitutes and app oints Jen-
Hsun Huang and Colette M. Kress, and each or any on e of them, his true and lawful attorney-in- fact and agent, with full power of 
substitution and resubstitution, for him and in his  name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign any and all amendments to this 
report, and to file the same, with all exhibits the reto, and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange 
Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in- facts and agents, and each of them, full power and authority to do and perform each and every 
act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in  connection therewith, as fully to all intents and purposes as he might or could do in 
person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that sa id attorneys-in- fact and agents, or any of them, or their or his su bstitutes or substitutes, 
may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereo f.  
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exch ange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below  by the following persons on 
behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.  
 
   
 
91  NVIDIA Corporation  
By:  /s/  Jen-Hsun Huang   
   Jen-Hsun Huang  
   President and Chief Executive Officer  Table of Contents  
 
 
92  Signature  Title  Date  
/s/ JEN-HSUN HUANG   President, Chief Executive Officer and Director  
(Principal Executive Officer)  March 11, 2015  
Jen-Hsun Huang        
/s/ COLETTE M. KRESS   Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Office r  
(Principal Financial Officer)  March 11, 2015  
Colette M. Kress        
/s/ MICHAEL J. BYRON   Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer  
(Principal Accounting Officer)  March 11, 2015  
Michael J. Byron        
/s/ TENCH COXE    Director  March 11, 2015  
Tench Coxe         
/s/ MARK STEVENS   Director  March 11, 2015  
Mark Stevens         
/s/ JAMES C. GAITHER  Director  March 11, 2015  
James C. Gaither         
/s/ HARVEY C. JONES   Director  March 9, 2015  
Harvey C. Jones        
/s/ MARK L. PERRY   Director  March 11, 2015  
Mark L. Perry         
/s/ WILLIAM J. MILLER  Director  March 11, 2015  
William J. Miller         
/s/ A. BROOKE SEAWELL  Director  March 11, 2015  
A. Brooke Seawell         
/s/ ROBERT BURGESS  Director  March 11, 2015  
Robert Burgess        
/s/ DAWN HUDSON  Director  March 11, 2015  
Dawn Hudson        
   Director     
Michael McCaffery        
   Director     
Persis Drell        Table of Contents  
 
 
 
EXHIBIT INDEX  
 
 
93            Incorporated by Reference          
Exhibit No.   Exhibit Description    Schedule/Form   File Number    Exhibit    Filing Date  
3.1    Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation    S-8    333-74905    4.1    3/23/1999  
3.2  
  Certificate of Amendment of Amended and Restated 
Certificate of Incorporation    10-Q  
  0-23985  
  3.1  
  8/21/2008  
3.3  
  Certificate of Amendment of Amended and Restated 
Certificate of Incorporation    8-K  
  0-23985  
  3.1  
  5/24/2011  
3.4  
  Bylaws of NVIDIA Corporation, Amended and Restated 
as of November 11, 2013    8-K  
  0-23985  
  3.1  
  11/14/2013  
4.1    Reference is made to Exhibits 3.1, 3.2, 3.3 and 3.4                       
4.2    Specimen Stock Certificate    S-1/A    333-47495    4.2    4/24/1998  
4.3  
  Indenture (including the form of Notes) dated Decem ber 
2, 2013 between NVIDIA Corporation and Wells Fargo 
Bank, National Association    8-K  
  0-23985  
  4.1  
  12/2/2013  
4.4  
  Form of 1.00% Convertible Senior Note due 2018 
(included in Exhibit 4.3)    8-K  
  0-23985  
  4.2  
  12/2/2013  
10.1  
  Form of Indemnity Agreement between NVIDIA 
Corporation and each of its directors and officers    8-K  
  0-23985  
  10.1  
  3/7/2006  
10.2+    1998 Equity Incentive Plan, as amended    8-K    0-23985    10.2    3/13/2006  
10.3+    1998 Equity Incentive Plan ISO, as amended    10-Q    0-23985    10.5    11/22/2004  
10.4+    1998 Equity Incentive Plan NSO, as amended    10-Q    0-23985    10.6    11/22/2004  
10.5+    Certificate of Stock Option Grant    10-Q    0-23985    10.7    11/22/2004  
10.6+  
  PortalPlayer, Inc. 1999 Stock Option Plan and Form of 
Agreements thereunder    S-8  
  333-140021  
  99.1  
  1/16/2007  
10.7+  
  PortalPlayer, Inc. Amended and Restated 2004 Stock 
Incentive Plan    S-8  
  333-140021  
  99.2  
  1/16/2007  
10.8+    Amended and Restated 2007 Equity Incentive Plan    10-Q    0-23985    10.1    8/20/2014  
10.9+  
  2007 Equity Incentive Plan - Non Statutory Stock 
Option (Annual Grant - Board Service (2007))    10-Q  
  0-23985  
  10.2  
  8/22/2007  
10.10+  
  2007 Equity Incentive Plan - Non Statutory Stock 
Option (Annual Grant - Committee Service (2007))    10-Q  
  0-23985  
  10.3  
  8/22/2007  
10.11+  
  2007 Equity Incentive Plan - Non Statutory Stock 
Option (Initial Grant - Board Service (2007))    10-Q  
  0-23985  
  10.4  
  8/22/2007  
10.12+  
  2007 Equity Incentive Plan - Non-Statutory Stock 
Option (Annual Grant - Board Service (2009))    10-Q  
  0-23985  
  10.1  
  8/20/2009  
10.13+  
  2007 Equity Incentive Plan - Non-Statutory Stock 
Option (Annual Grant - Board Service (2011))    10-Q  
  0-23985  
  10.41  
  5/27/2011  
10.14+  
  2007 Equity Incentive Plan - Non-Statutory Stock 
Option (Initial Grant - Board Service (2011))    8-K  
  0-23985  
  10.1  
  12/14/2011  
10.15+  
  Amended and Restated 2007 Equity Incentive Plan - 
Non-Employee Director Stock Option Grant (2012 
Annual Board Retainer)    10-Q  
  0-23985  
  10.4  
  5/23/2012  Table of Contents  
 
 
94  10.16+    2007 Equity Incentive Plan - Non Statutory Stock Op tion    8-K    0-23985    10.2    9/13/2010  
10.17+    2007 Equity Incentive Plan - Incentive Stock Option     8-K    0-23985    10.21    9/13/2010  
10.18+  
  Amended and Restated 2007 Equity Incentive Plan - N on 
Statutory Stock Option    10-Q  
  0-23985  
  10.1  
  8/22/2012  
10.19+  
  Amended and Restated 2007 Equity Incentive Plan - 
Incentive Stock Option    10-Q  
  0-23985  
  10.2  
  8/22/2012  
10.20+  
  2007 Equity Incentive Plan - Restricted Stock Unit Grant 
Notice and Restricted Stock Unit Purchase Agreement     10-Q  
  0-23985  
  10.22  
  12/7/2010  
10.21+  
  Amended and Restated 2007 Equity Incentive Plan - 
Restricted Stock Unit Grant Notice and Restricted S tock 
Unit Purchase Agreement    10-Q  
  0-23985  
  10.3  
  8/22/2012  
10.22+  
  Amended and Restated 2007 Equity Incentive Plan - 
Non-Employee Director Restricted Stock Unit (withou t 
deferral option)    10-Q  
  0-23985  
  10.2  
  5/23/2012  
10.23+  
  Amended and Restated 2007 Equity Incentive Plan - 
Non-Employee Director Restricted Stock Unit (with 
deferral option)    10-Q  
  0-23985  
  10.3  
  5/23/2012  
10.24+  
  Amended and Restated 2007 Equity Incentive Plan - N on 
Statutory Stock Option (Initial Grant - Board Servi ce)    8-K  
  0-23985  
  10.1  
  7/23/2013  
10.25+*  
  Amended and Restated 2007 Equity Incentive Plan - 
Non-Employee Director Deferred Restricted Stock Uni t 
Grant Notice and Deferred Restricted Stock Unit 
Agreement (2015)                      
10.26+*  
  Amended and Restated 2007 Equity Incentive Plan - 
Non-Employee Director Deferred Restricted Stock Uni t 
Grant Notice and Deferred Restricted Stock Unit 
Agreement (2016)                      
10.27+*  
  Amended and Restated 2007 Equity Incentive Plan - 
Non-Employee Director Restricted Stock Unit Grant 
Notice and Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (2016)                      
10.28+  
  Amended and Restated 2012 Employee Stock Purchase 
Plan    10-Q  
  0-23985  
  10.2  
  8/20/2014  
10.29+    Fiscal Year 2015 Variable Compensation Plan    8-K    0-23985    10.1    4/15/2014  
10.30+    Fiscal Year 2014 Variable Compensation Plan    8-K    0-23985    10.1    4/2/2013  
10.31+  
  Offer Letter between NVIDIA Corporation and Colette  
Kress, dated September 13, 2013    8-K  
  0-23985  
  10.1  
  9/16/2013  
10.32  
  Lease dated April 4, 2000 between NVIDIA Corporatio n 
and Sobrato Interests III for Building A    S-3/A  
    333-33560  
  10.1  
  4/20/2000  
10.33  
  Lease dated April 4, 2000 between NVIDIA Corporatio n 
and Sobrato Interests III for Building B    S-3/A  
    333-33560  
  10.2  
  4/20/2000  
10.34  
  Lease dated April 4, 2000 between NVIDIA Corporatio n 
and Sobrato Interests III for Building C    S-3/A  
    333-33560  
  10.3  
  4/20/2000  
10.35  
  Lease dated April 4, 2000 between NVIDIA Corporatio n 
and Sobrato Interests III for Building D    S-3/A  
    333-33560  
  10.4  
  4/20/2000  
10.36  
  Memory Controller Patent License Agreement Between 
Rambus Inc. and NVIDIA Corporation, dated August 12 , 
2010    10-Q  
     0-23985  
  10.32  
  12/7/2010  Table of Contents  
 
 
*  Filed herewith.  
 
+  Management contract or compensatory plan or arra ngement.  
 
#  In accordance with Item 601(b)(32)(ii) of Regula tion S-K and SEC Release Nos. 33-8238 and 34- 47986, Final Rule: Management's Reports on 
Internal Control Over Financial Reporting and Certi fication of Disclosure in Exchange Act Periodic Rep orts, the certifications furnished in 
Exhibits 32.1 and 32.2 hereto are deemed to accompa ny this Annual Report on Form 10-K and will not be deemed “filed” for purpose of 
Section 18 of the Exchange Act. Such certifications  will not be deemed to be incorporated by reference  into any filing under the Securities Act or 
the Exchange Act, except to the extent that the reg istrant specifically incorporates it by reference.  
 
Copies of above exhibits not contained herein are a vailable to any shareholder upon written request to :  
Investor Relations: NVIDIA Corporation, 2701 San To mas Expressway, Santa Clara, CA 95050  
 
 
95  10.37  
  Second Amendment to Lease, dated August 18, 2010 
between NVIDIA Corporation and Sobrato Interests II I 
for Building A    10-Q  
     0-23985  
  10.33  
  12/7/2010  
10.38  
  Third Amendment to Lease, dated August 18, 2010, 
between NVIDIA Corporation and Sobrato Interests II I 
for Building B    10-Q  
     0-23985  
  10.34  
  12/7/2010  
10.39  
  Third Amendment to Lease, dated August 18, 2010, 
between NVIDIA Corporation and Sobrato Interests II I 
for Building C    10-Q  
     0-23985  
  10.35  
  12/7/2010  
10.40  
  Second Amendment to Lease, dated August 18, 2010, 
between NVIDIA Corporation and Sobrato Interests II I 
for Building D    10-Q  
     0-23985  
  10.36  
  12/7/2010  
10.41  
  Patent Cross License Agreement dated as of January 10, 
2011, between NVIDIA Corporation and Intel 
Corporation    8-K  
    0-23985  
  10.1  
  1/10/2011  
10.42  
  Master Confirmation and Supplemental Confirmation 
between NVIDIA Corporation and Goldman, Sachs & 
Co., dated May 14, 2013    10-Q  
  0-23985  
  10.3  
  5/22/2013  
10.43  
  Supplemental Confirmation between NVIDIA 
Corporation and Goldman, Sachs & Co., dated Februar y 
14, 2014    10-Q  
  0-23985  
  10.1  
  5/21/2014  
10.44    Base Convertible Note Hedge Transaction Confirmatio n    8-K    0-23985    99.1    12/2/2013  
10.45    Base Warrant Transaction Confirmation    8-K    0-23985    99.2    12/2/2013  
10.46  
  Additional Convertible Note Hedge Transaction 
Confirmation    8-K  
  0-23985  
  99.3  
  12/2/2013  
10.47    Additional Warrant Transaction Confirmation    8-K    0-23985    99.4    12/2/2013  
21.1*    List of Registrant's Subsidiaries      
23.1*    Consent of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP     
24.1*    Power of Attorney (included in signature page)     
31.1*    Certification of Chief Executive Officer as require d by Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934  
31.2*    Certification of Chief Financial Officer as require d by Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934  
32.1#*    Certification of Chief Executive Officer as require d by Rule 13a-14(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934  
32.2#*    Certification of Chief Financial Officer as require d by Rule 13a-14(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934  
101.INS*     XBRL Instance Document     
101.SCH*     XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document     
101.CAL*     XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Docum ent     
101.DEF*     XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Docume nt      
101.LAB*     XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase Document     
101.PRE*    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Docum ent      
 
EXHIBIT 10.25 
 
NVIDIA Corporation  
Deferred Restricted Stock Unit Grant Notice  
Amended & Restated 2007 Equity Incentive Plan  
 
NVIDIA Corporation (the “ Company ”), pursuant to its Amended & Restated 2007 Equity Incentive Plan (the “ Plan ”), hereby awards to 
Participant a Deferred Restricted Stock Unit Award for the number of shares of the Company’s Common St ock set forth below (the “ Award ”). The 
Award is subject to all of the terms and conditions  as set forth in this Grant Notice, and in the Plan  and the Deferred Restricted Stock Unit 
Agreement, the latter two being incorporated by ref erence herein. In the event of any conflict between  the terms in this Agreement and the Plan, the 
terms of the Agreement will control. Capitalized te rms not otherwise defined in this Deferred Restrict ed Stock Unit Grant Notice or the Deferred 
Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (collectively, the “ Agreement ”) will have the meanings set forth in the Plan.  
Participant:                       
Date of Grant:                      
Vesting Commencement Date:              
Number of RSUs/Shares Subject to Award:                   
      
   
 
 
409A Change in  
Additional Terms/Acknowledgments The undersigned Participant acknowledges receipt of , and understands and agrees to, the Agreement and the 
Plan. Participant further acknowledges that as of t he Date of Grant (specified above), the Agreement s ets forth the entire understanding between 
Participant and the Company regarding this Award, w hich is granted as a result of the Company’s [_____ ] Compensation Program for Non-
Employee Directors and pursuant to the Participant’ s [_____] Election Form thereunder, and supersede a ll prior oral and written agreements on that 
subject with the exception of the following agreeme nts, if any:  
 
 
 
 Vesting Schedule :  This Award will vest as to 50% of the Restricted  Stock Units (“ RSUs ”) on the third Wednesday of November of the year 
of grant and as to the remaining 50% on the third W ednesday of May of the year following the year of g rant, subject to 
Participant’ s Continuous Service through such vesting date. How ever, this Award will become fully vested prior to such 
date on the Participant’s “separation from service”  (as defined under Treasury Regulation Section 1.40 9A-1(h), without 
regard to any alternative definitions therein, a “ Separation from Service ”) by reason of death. If the Award is not vested 
as of the Participant’s Separation from Service for  any other reason, it will immediately expire.  
Issuance Schedule:  Except as provided in Section 6 of the Agreement, t he Company will issue and deliver one (1) share of Common Stock for 
each RSU that has vested under this Award on the ea rliest to occur of the following (such date, the “ Settlement Date ”):  
•  The third Wednesday in March, 20[___]; 
•  The date of the Participant’s Separation from Se rvice as a Director, unless the Participant is a “S pecified Employee” ( as 
defined under Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A- 1(i)) as of the date of the Separation from Service , in which case 
issuance will occur on the earlier of (i) the date of the Participant’ s death and (ii) the date that is 6 months and one day 
after the Separation from Service (as further descr ibed and interpreted under Section 20 of the Agreem ent); and  
•  A 409A Change in Control (as defined below). 
Control:  A “ 409A Change in Control ” will mean a transaction or series of transactions t hat results in a Change in Control of the 
Company that also constitutes a “change in the owne rship or effective control of” the Company or “ a change in the 
ownership of a substantial portion of the assets of ” the Company as determined under Treasury Regulation  Section 
1.409A-3(i)(5) (without regard to any alternative d efinition thereunder).   
 
OTHER AGREEMENTS:                                            
                         
                                       
NVIDIA CORPORATION                      PARTICIPANT:  
By:                                                                  
Signature                            Signature  
Title:                                  Date:                                
Date:                                    
 
 
 
      
 
 ATTACHMENTS:  Deferred Restricted Stock Unit Agreement  
 
Attachment I  
 
NVIDIA Corporation  
Amended & Restated 2007 Equity Incentive Plan  
Deferred Restricted Stock Unit Agreement  
Pursuant to the Deferred Restricted Stock Unit Gran t Notice (“ Grant Notice ”) and this Deferred Restricted Stock 
Unit Agreement (collectively, the “ Agreement ”), NVIDIA Corporation (the “ Company ”) has awarded you a Restricted 
Stock Unit Award (the “ Award ”) under its Amended & Restated 2007 Equity Incenti ve Plan (the “ Plan ”).  
1. Grant of the Award. The Award represents the right to be issued on a fu ture date one share of Common 
Stock for each Restricted Stock Unit that vests und er this Award, subject to the terms and conditions provided in this 
Agreement and in the Plan. As of the Date of Grant,  the Company will credit to a bookkeeping account m aintained by the 
Company for your benefit (the “ Account ”) the number of RSUs subject to the Award. Except as otherwise provided in this 
Agreement, you will not be required to make any pay ment to the Company (other than past and future ser vices to the 
Company or an Affiliate) with respect to your recei pt of the Award, the vesting of the RSUs or the del ivery of the 
underlying Common Stock.  
 
2. Vesting. Subject to the limitations contained in this Agreem ent, your Award will vest, if at all, in 
accordance with the vesting schedule provided in th e Grant Notice, provided that vesting will cease up on the termination of 
your Continuous Service (subject to any acceleratio n provided for in the Agreement or the Plan). On th e termination of your 
Continuous Service, the RSUs credited to the Accoun t that were not vested on the date of such terminat ion will be forfeited 
and returned to the Company at no cost to the Compa ny and you will have no further right, title or int erest in or to such 
RSUs or the underlying shares of Common Stock.  
 
3. Number of Shares.  
(a) The number of RSUs (and the related shares of Commo n Stock) subject to your Award will be 
adjusted from time to time for Capitalization Adjus tments, as provided in the Plan.  
 
(b) Any RSUs, shares, cash or other property that becom es subject to the Award as a result of a 
Capitalization Adjustment, if any, will be subject to the same forfeiture restrictions, restrictions o n transferability, and time 
and manner of delivery as applicable to the other s hares covered by your Award.  
 
(c) No fractional shares or rights for fractional share s of Common Stock will be created by this Section 
3. The Board will round down, to the nearest whole share or whole unit of rights, any fractional share s or rights for 
fractional shares.  
 
4. Securities Law Compliance. You will not be issued any shares under your Award unless either (a) the 
shares are registered under the Securities Act; or (b) the Company has determined that such issuance w ould be exempt from 
the registration requirements of the Securities Act . Your Award also must comply with other applicable  laws and regulations 
governing the Award, and you will not receive such shares if the Company determines that such receipt would not be in 
material compliance with such laws and regulations.   
 
 
  
 
5. Limitations on Transfer. Your Award is not transferable, except by will or b y the laws of descent and 
distribution. In addition to any other limitation o n transfer created by applicable securities laws, y ou agree not to assign, 
hypothecate, donate, encumber or otherwise dispose of any interest in any of the shares of Common Stoc k subject to the 
Award until the shares are issued to you. After the  shares have been issued to you, you are free to as sign, hypothecate, 
donate, encumber or otherwise dispose of any intere st in such shares provided that any such actions ar e in compliance with 
the provisions in this Agreement and applicable sec urities laws. If permitted by the Board, you may, b y delivering written 
notice to the Company, in a form satisfactory to th e Company, designate a third party who, in the even t of your death, will 
thereafter be entitled to receive any distribution of Common Stock to which you were entitled at the t ime of your death 
pursuant to this Agreement.  
 
6. Date of Issuance. In the event that one or more RSUs vests, the Compa ny will issue to you one (1) share of 
Common Stock for each RSU on the Settlement Date de termined under the Grant Notice, but in all cases n ot later than 
December 31 of the calendar year in which the Settl ement Date occurs.  
 
7. Dividends. You will receive no benefit or adjustment to your A ward and any unissued shares thereunder 
with respect to any cash dividend, stock dividend o r other distribution that does not result from a Ca pitalization Adjustment. 
Following the date of vesting, in the event of any cash dividend, stock dividend or other distribution  that does not result 
from a Capitalization Adjustment, no cash, stock or  other property related to such dividend or distrib ution will be issuable in 
respect of your vested RSUs.  
 
8. Restrictive Legends. The shares issued under your Award will be endorsed  with appropriate legends if 
determined by the Company that legends are required  under applicable law or otherwise.  
 
9. Award not a Service Contract.  
(a) Your Continuous Service with the Company or an Affi liate is not for any specified term and may 
be terminated by you or by the Company or an Affili ate at any time, for any reason, with or without ca use and with or 
without notice.  Nothing in this Agreement (includi ng, but not limited to, the vesting of your Award p ursuant to the schedule 
set forth in Section 2 in this Agreement or the iss uance of the shares subject to your Award), the Pla n or any covenant of 
good faith and fair dealing that may be found impli cit in this Agreement or the Plan will:  (i) confer  upon you any right to 
continue in the employ of, or affiliation with, the  Company or an Affiliate; (ii) constitute any promi se or commitment by the 
Company or an Affiliate regarding the fact or natur e of future positions, future work assignments, fut ure compensation or 
any other term or condition of employment or affili ation; (iii) confer any right or benefit under this  Agreement or the Plan 
unless such right or benefit has specifically accru ed under the terms of this Agreement or Plan; or (i v) deprive the Company 
or an Affiliate of the right to terminate you at wi ll and without regard to any future vesting opportu nity that you may have.  
 
(b) By accepting this Award, you acknowledge and agree that the right to continue vesting in the 
Award is earned only through Continuous Service (no t through the act of being hired, being granted thi s Award or any other 
award or benefit) and that the Company has the righ t to reorganize, sell, spin- out or otherwise restructure one or more of its 
businesses or Affiliates at any time or from time t o time, as it deems appropriate (a “ reorganization ”).  You further 
acknowledge and agree that such a reorganization co uld result in the termination of your Continuous Se rvice, or the 
termination of Affiliate status of your employer an d the loss of benefits available to you under this Agreement, including but 
not limited to, the termination of the right to con tinue vesting in the Award. You further acknowledge  and agree that this 
Agreement, the Plan, the transactions contemplated hereunder and the vesting schedule set forth in thi s Agreement or any 
covenant of good faith and fair dealing that may be  found implicit in any of them do not constitute an  express or implied 
promise of continued engagement as an Employee, Dir ector or Consultant for the term of this Agreement,   
 
  
 
for any period, or at all, and will not interfere i n any way with your right or the Company’s or an Af filiate’s right to 
terminate your Continuous Service at any time, with  or without cause and with or without notice.  
 
10. Withholding Obligations. On or before the time you receive a distribution of  the cash, shares or other 
property subject to your Award, or at any time ther eafter as reasonably requested by the Company in co mpliance with 
applicable law, you hereby authorize any required w ithholding from the Common Stock issuable to you an d/or otherwise 
agree to make adequate provision in cash for any su ms required to satisfy the federal, state, local an d foreign tax 
withholding obligations of the Company or any Affil iate which arise in connection with your Award (the  “ Withholding 
Taxes ”). Without limiting the foregoing, the Company or an A ffiliate, or their respective agents, may, in their  sole 
discretion, satisfy all or any portion of the Withh olding Taxes obligation relating to your Award by a ny of the following 
means or by a combination of such means: (i) withho lding from any compensation otherwise payable to yo u by the 
Company; (ii) causing you to tender a cash payment;  (iii) permitting you to enter into a “same day sal e” commitment with a 
broker-dealer that is a member of the Financial Ind ustry Regulatory Authority (a “ FINRA Dealer ”) whereby you 
irrevocably elect to sell a portion of the shares t o be delivered under the Award to satisfy the Withh olding Taxes and 
whereby the FINRA Dealer irrevocably commits to for ward the proceeds necessary to satisfy the Withhold ing Taxes 
directly to the Company and/or its Affiliates, incl uding a commitment pursuant to a previously establi shed Company-
approved 10b5- 1 plan, and/or (iv) if approved by the Board in a m anner that complies with applicable laws, withholdi ng 
shares of Common Stock from the shares of Common St ock issued or otherwise issuable to you in connecti on with the 
Award with a Fair Market Value (measured as of the date shares of Common Stock are issued to pursuant to Section 6) 
equal to the amount necessary to satisfy the Compan y’s required tax withholding obligations using the mi nimum statutory 
withholding rates for federal, state, local and for eign tax purposes, including payroll taxes, that ar e applicable to 
supplemental taxable income. Unless the Withholding  Taxes obligations of the Company and/or any Affili ate are satisfied, 
the Company will have no obligation to deliver to y ou any Common Stock.  
 
11. Unsecured Obligation. Your Award is unfunded, and as a holder of a vested  Award, you will be 
considered an unsecured creditor of the Company wit h respect to the Company’ s obligation, if any, to issue shares pursuant 
to this Agreement. You will not have voting or any other rights as a stockholder of the Company with r espect to the shares 
to be issued pursuant to this Agreement until such shares are issued to you. Upon such issuance, you w ill obtain full voting 
and other rights as a stockholder of the Company. N othing contained in this Agreement, and no action t aken pursuant to its 
provisions, will create or be construed to create a  trust of any kind or a fiduciary relationship betw een you and the Company 
or any other person.  
 
12. Other Documents . You hereby acknowledge receipt or the right to re ceive a document providing the 
information required by Rule 428(b)(1) promulgated under the Securities Act, which includes the Plan p rospectus. In 
addition, you acknowledge receipt of the Company’ s policy permitting certain individuals to sell sha res only during certain 
“window” periods and the Company’ s insider trading policy, in effect from time to ti me and understand that this policy 
applies to shares received under this Award.  
 
13. Notices; Electronic Delivery. Any notices provided for in your Award or the Plan will be given in 
writing and will be deemed effectively given upon r eceipt or, in the case of notices delivered by the Company to you, five 
(5) days after deposit in the United States mail, p ostage prepaid, addressed to you at the last addres s you provided to the 
Company. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company  may, in its sole discretion, decide to deliver any  documents and 
transmit or require you to transmit notices related  to participation in the Plan and this Award by ele ctronic means. You 
hereby consent to receive such documents and notice s, and to give such notices, by electronic delivery  and to participate in 
the Plan through the on- line or electronic system established and maintaine d by the Company or another third party 
designated by the Company from time to time.  
 
  
 
14. Miscellaneous.  
(a) The rights and obligations of the Company under you r Award will be transferable to any one or 
more persons or entities, and all covenants and agr eements hereunder will inure to the benefit of, and  be enforceable by the 
Company’ s successors and assigns. Your rights and obligatio ns under your Award may only be assigned with the p rior 
written consent of the Company.  
 
(b) You agree upon request to execute any further docum ents or instruments necessary or desirable in 
the sole determination of the Company to carry out the purposes or intent of your Award.  
 
(c) You acknowledge and agree that you have reviewed yo ur Award in its entirety, have had an 
opportunity to obtain the advice of counsel prior t o executing and accepting your Award, and fully und erstand all provisions 
of your Award.  
 
(d) This Agreement will be subject to all applicable la ws, rules, and regulations, and to such approvals 
by any governmental agencies or national securities  exchanges as may be required.  
 
(e) All obligations of the Company under the Plan and t his Agreement will be binding on any 
successor to the Company, whether the existence of such successor is the result of a direct or indirec t purchase, merger, 
consolidation, or otherwise, of all or substantiall y all of the business and/or assets of the Company.   
 
15. Governing Plan Document. Your Award is subject to all the provisions of the Plan, the provisions of 
which are hereby made a part of your Award, and is further subject to all interpretations, amendments,  rules and regulations 
which may from time to time be promulgated and adop ted pursuant to the Plan.  
 
16. Severability. If all or any part of this Agreement or the Plan is  declared by any court or governmental 
authority to be unlawful or invalid, such unlawfuln ess or invalidity will not invalidate any portion o f this Agreement or the 
Plan not declared to be unlawful or invalid. Any Se ction of this Agreement (or part of such a Section)  so declared to be 
unlawful or invalid will, if possible, be construed  in a manner which will give effect to the terms of  such Section or part of a 
Section to the fullest extent possible while remain ing lawful and valid.  
 
17. Effect on Other Employee Benefit Plans. The value of the Award subject to this Agreement wi ll not be 
included as compensation, earnings, salaries, or ot her similar terms used when calculating your benefi ts under any employee 
benefit plan sponsored by the Company or any Affili ate, except as such plan otherwise expressly provid es. The Company 
expressly reserves its rights to amend, modify, or terminate any of the Company’s or any Affiliate’s e mployee benefit plans.  
 
18. Choice of Law. The interpretation, performance and enforcement of this Agreement will be governed by 
the law of the state of Delaware without regard to such state’s conflicts of laws rules.  
 
19. Amendment. This Agreement may not be modified, amended or term inated except by an instrument in 
writing, signed by you and by a duly authorized rep resentative of the Company. Notwithstanding the for egoing, this 
Agreement may be amended solely by the Board by a w riting which specifically states that it is amendin g this Agreement, 
so long as a copy of such amendment is delivered to  you, and provided that no such amendment adversely  affecting your 
rights hereunder may be made without your written c onsent. Without limiting the foregoing, the Board r eserves the right to 
change, by written notice to you, the provisions of  this Agreement in any way it may deem necessary or  advisable to carry 
out the purpose of the grant as a  
 
  
 
result of any change in applicable laws or regulati ons or any future law, regulation, ruling, or judic ial decision, provided that 
any such change will be applicable only to rights r elating to that portion of the Award which is then subject to restrictions as 
provided in this Agreement.  
 
20. Compliance with Section 409A of the Code . This Award is intended to comply with U.S. Treasury  
Regulation Section 1.409A- 3(a) and will be construed and administered in such  a manner, and any ambiguous or missing 
terms that may otherwise be supplied from and/or de fined under Code Section 409A in a manner that fulf ills such intention 
hereby incorporated by reference. Each installment of RSUs that vests hereunder is intended to constit ute a “separate 
payment ” for purposes of Treasury Regulation Section 1.409 A-2(b)(2). If you are a Specified Employee on your Se paration 
from Service, then the issuance of any shares, cash  or other property that would otherwise be made on the date of your 
Separation from Service (or within the first six mo nths thereafter as a result of your Separation from  Service) will not be 
made on the originally scheduled date(s) and will i nstead be issued in a lump sum on the earlier of (i ) the date that is six 
months and one day after the date of the Separation  from Service or (ii) the date of your death, but i f and only if such delay 
in the issuance is necessary to avoid the impositio n of taxation on you in respect of the shares, cash  or property under Code 
Section 409A.  
 
21. No Obligation to Minimize Taxes. The Company has no duty or obligation to minimize t he tax 
consequences to you of this Award and will not be l iable to you for any adverse tax consequences to yo u arising in 
connection with this Award. You are hereby advised to consult with your own personal tax, financial an d/or legal advisors 
regarding the tax consequences of this Award and by  accepting this Award, you have agreed that you hav e done so or 
knowingly and voluntarily declined to do so.  
 
 
  
 
EXHIBIT 10.26 
NVIDIA Corporation  
Deferred Restricted Stock Unit Grant Notice  
Amended & Restated 2007 Equity Incentive Plan  
 
NVIDIA Corporation (the “ Company ”), pursuant to its Amended & Restated 2007 Equity Incentive Plan (the “ Plan ”), hereby awards to 
Participant a Deferred Restricted Stock Unit Award for the number of shares of the Company’s Common St ock set forth below (the “ Award ”). The 
Award is subject to all of the terms and conditions  as set forth in this Grant Notice, and in the Plan  and the Deferred Restricted Stock Unit 
Agreement, the latter two being incorporated by ref erence herein. In the event of any conflict between  the terms in this Agreement and the Plan, the 
terms of the Agreement will control. Capitalized te rms not otherwise defined in this Deferred Restrict ed Stock Unit Grant Notice or the Deferred 
Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (collectively, the “ Agreement ”) will have the meanings set forth in the Plan.  
Participant:                                                    
Date of Grant:                                           
Vesting Commencement Date:                                   
Number of RSUs/Shares Subject to Award:                               
 
   
 
 
409A Change in  
Additional Terms/Acknowledgements: The undersigned Participant acknowledges receipt of , and understands and agrees to, the Agreement and 
the Plan. Participant further acknowledges that as of the Date of Grant (specified above), the Agreeme nt sets forth the entire understanding between 
Participant and the Company regarding this Award, w hich is granted as a result of the Company’s [_____ ] Compensation Program for Non-
Employee Directors and pursuant to the Participant’ s [_____] Election Form thereunder, and supersede a ll prior oral and written agreements on that 
subject with the exception of the following agreeme nts, if any:  
 
 Vesting Schedule :  This Award will vest as to 50% of the Restricted  Stock Units (“ RSUs ”) on the third Wednesday of November of the year 
of grant and as to the remaining 50% on the third W ednesday of May of the year following the year of g rant, subject to 
Participant’ s Continuous Service through such vesting date. How ever, this Award will become fully vested prior to such 
date on the Participant’s “separation from service”  (as defined under Treasury Regulation Section 1.40 9A-1(h), without 
regard to any alternative definitions therein, a “ Separation from Service ”) by reason of death. If the Award is not vested 
as of the Participant’s Separation from Service for  any other reason, it will immediately expire.  
Issuance Schedule:  Except as provided in Section 6 of the Agreement, t he Company will issue and deliver one (1) share of Common Stock for 
each RSU that has vested under this Award on the ea rliest to occur of the following (such date, the “ Settlement Date ”):  
•  The third Wednesday in March, 20[___]; 
•  The date of the Participant’s Separation from Se rvice as a Director, unless the Participant is a “S pecified Employee” ( as 
defined under Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A- 1(i)) as of the date of the Separation from Service , in which case 
issuance will occur on the earlier of (i) the date of the Participant’ s death and (ii) the date that is 6 months and one day 
after the Separation from Service (as further descr ibed and interpreted under Section 20 of the Agreem ent); and  
•  A 409A Change in Control (as defined below). 
Control:  A “ 409A Change in Control ” will mean a transaction or series of transactions t hat results in a Change in Control of the 
Company that also constitutes a “change in the owne rship or effective control of” the Company or “ a change in the 
ownership of a substantial portion of the assets of ” the Company as determined under Treasury Regulation  Section 
1.409A-3(i)(5) (without regard to any alternative d efinition thereunder).   
 
OTHER AGREEMENTS:                                           
                         
                                       
          
 
NVIDIA CORPORATION                      PARTICIPANT:  
By:                                                                            Signature                            Si gnature  
Title:                                  Date:                               
Date:                                    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 ATTACHMENTS:  Deferred Restricted Stock Unit Agreement  
 
Attachment I  
 
NVIDIA Corporation  
Amended & Restated 2007 Equity Incentive Plan  
Deferred Restricted Stock Unit Agreement  
Pursuant to the Deferred Restricted Stock Unit Grant Notice (“ Grant Notice ”) and this Deferred Restricted Stock Unit 
Agreement (collectively, the “ Agreement ”), NVIDIA Corporation (the “ Company ”) has awarded you a Restricted Stock Unit Award 
(the “ Award ”) under its Amended & Restated 2007 Equity Incentive Plan (t he “ Plan ”).  
1. Grant of the Award. The Award represents the right to be issued on a future date o ne share of Common 
Stock for each Restricted Stock Unit that vests under this Awar d, subject to the terms and conditions provided in this 
Agreement and in the Plan. As of the Date of Grant, the Compan y will credit to a bookkeeping account maintained by the 
Company for your benefit (the “ Account ”) the number of RSUs subject to the Award. Except as otherwise p rovided in this 
Agreement, you will not be required to make any payment to t he Company (other than past and future services to the Company  
or an Affiliate) with respect to your receipt of the Award, th e vesting of the RSUs or the delivery of the underlying Co mmon 
Stock.  
 
2. Vesting. Subject to the limitations contained in this Agreement, your Award will vest, if at all, in accordance with 
the vesting schedule provided in the Grant Notice, provided that vesting will cease upon the termination of your Contin uous Service 
(subject to any acceleration provided for in the Agreement or the Plan). On the termination of your Continuous Service, the R SUs 
credited to the Account that were not vested on the date of such termination will be forfeited and returned to the Company at n o cost to 
the Company and you will have no further right, title or  interest in or to such RSUs or the underlying shares of C ommon Stock.  
 
3. Number of Shares.  
(a) The number of RSUs (and the related shares of Common Stock) subject to your Award will be adjusted 
from time to time for Capitalization Adjustments, as provi ded in the Plan.  
 
(b) Any RSUs, shares, cash or other property that becomes subject t o the Award as a result of a Capitalization 
Adjustment, if any, will be subject to the same forfeiture res trictions, restrictions on transferability, and time and mann er of delivery as 
applicable to the other shares covered by your Award.  
 
(c) No fractional shares or rights for fractional shares of Com mon Stock will be created by this Section 3. The 
Board will round down, to the nearest whole share or whole u nit of rights, any fractional shares or rights for fractio nal shares.  
 
4. Securities Law Compliance. You will not be issued any shares under your Award unless either (a) the shares are 
registered under the Securities Act; or (b) the Company has d etermined that such issuance would be exempt from the registrati on 
requirements of the Securities Act. Your Award also must compl y with other applicable laws and regulations governing the Aw ard, and 
you will not receive such shares if the Company determines that  such receipt would not be in material compliance with such laws and 
regulations.  
 
5. Limitations on Transfer. Your Award is not transferable, except by will or by the law s of descent and distribution. 
In addition to any other limitation on transfer created by app licable securities laws, you agree not to assign, hypothecate, don ate, 
encumber or otherwise dispose of any interest in any of the s hares of Common Stock subject to the Award until the shares ar e issued to 
you. After the shares have been issued to you, you are free to as sign, hypothecate, donate, encumber or otherwise dispose of any 
interest in such shares provided that any such actions are in compliance with the provisions in this Agreement and applicable securities 
laws. If permitted by the Board, you may, by delivering wri tten notice to the Company, in a form satisfactory to the Co mpany, 
designate a third party who, in the event of your death, will  thereafter be entitled to receive any distribution of Common S tock to which 
you were entitled at the time of your death pursuant to this Agreement.  
 
  
 
 
6. Date of Issuance. In the event that one or more RSUs vests, the Company will i ssue to you one (1) share of 
Common Stock for each vested RSU on the Settlement Date determined  under the Grant Notice, but in all cases not later than 
December 31 of the calendar year in which the Settlement Date occurs.   
 
7. Dividends. You will receive no benefit or adjustment to your Award and  any unissued shares thereunder with respect 
to any cash dividend, stock dividend or other distribution  that does not result from a Capitalization Adjustment. Fol lowing the date of 
vesting, in the event of any cash dividend, stock dividend o r other distribution that does not result from a Capitali zation Adjustment, no 
cash, stock or other property related to such dividend or dis tribution will be issuable in respect of your vested RSUs.   
 
8. Restrictive Legends. The shares issued under your Award will be endorsed with app ropriate legends if determined 
by the Company that legends are required under applicable law or otherwise.  
 
9. Award not a Service Contract.  
(a) Your Continuous Service with the Company or an Affiliate i s not for any specified term and may be 
terminated by you or by the Company or an Affiliate at any ti me, for any reason, with or without cause and with or witho ut notice.  
Nothing in this Agreement (including, but not limited t o, the vesting of your Award pursuant to the schedule set forth in Section 2 in 
this Agreement or the issuance of the shares subject to your Award), the Plan or any covenant of good faith and fair dealin g that may be 
found implicit in this Agreement or the Plan will:  (i) co nfer upon you any right to continue in the employ of, or affiliation with, the 
Company or an Affiliate; (ii) constitute any promise or comm itment by the Company or an Affiliate regarding the fact or n ature of 
future positions, future work assignments, future compensat ion or any other term or condition of employment or affili ation; (iii) confer 
any right or benefit under this Agreement or the Plan unles s such right or benefit has specifically accrued under the terms o f this 
Agreement or Plan; or (iv) deprive the Company or an Affili ate of the right to terminate you at will and without regard  to any future 
vesting opportunity that you may have.  
 
(b) By accepting this Award, you acknowledge and agree that the righ t to continue vesting in the Award is 
earned only through Continuous Service (not through the act  of being hired, being granted this Award or any other award or benefit) 
and that the Company has the right to reorganize, sell, spin- out or otherwise restructure one or more of its businesses  or Affiliates at any 
time or from time to time, as it deems appropriate (a “ reorganization ”).  You further acknowledge and agree that such a 
reorganization could result in the termination of your Conti nuous Service, or the termination of Affiliate status of yo ur employer and 
the loss of benefits available to you under this Agreement,  including but not limited to, the termination of the rig ht to continue vesting 
in the Award. You further acknowledge and agree that this Agreem ent, the Plan, the transactions contemplated hereunder and the 
vesting schedule set forth in this Agreement or any covenant of  good faith and fair dealing that may be found implicit in any of them do 
not constitute an express or implied promise of continued eng agement as an Employee, Director or Consultant for the term of  this 
Agreement, for any period, or at all, and will not interfere in any way with your right or the Company’s or an Affili ate’s right to 
terminate your Continuous Service at any time, with or with out cause and with or without notice.  
 
10. Withholding Obligations. On or before the time you receive a distribution of the cash, shares or other property 
subject to your Award, or at any time thereafter as reasonably r equested by the Company in compliance with applicable law, you 
hereby authorize any required withholding from the Common St ock issuable to you and/or otherwise agree to make adequate provis ion 
in cash for any sums required to satisfy the federal, state, local and foreign tax withholding obligations of the Compan y or any Affiliate 
which arise in connection with your Award (the “ Withholding Taxes ”). Without limiting the foregoing, the Company or an Affili ate, 
or their respective agents, may, in their sole discretion, sati sfy all or any portion of the Withholding Taxes obligatio n relating to your 
Award by any of the following means or by a combination of such means: (i) withholding from any compensation otherwis e payable to 
you by the Company; (ii) causing you to tender a cash payment ; (iii) permitting you to enter into a “same day sale” commitment with a 
broker-dealer that is a member of the Financial Industry Regul atory Authority (a “ FINRA Dealer ”) whereby you irrevocably elect to 
sell a portion of the shares to be delivered under the Award to  satisfy the Withholding Taxes and whereby the FINRA Dealer 
irrevocably commits to forward the proceeds necessary to satisfy the Withholding  
 
  
 
Taxes directly to the Company and/or its Affiliates, includin g a commitment pursuant to a previously established Company- approved 
10b5-1 plan, and/or (iv) if approved by the Board in a manner that  complies with applicable laws, withholding shares of Common  Stock 
from the shares of Common Stock issued or otherwise issuab le to you in connection with the Award with a Fair Market Valu e 
(measured as of the date shares of Common Stock are issued to p ursuant to Section 6) equal to the amount necessary to satisfy  the 
Company’ s required tax withholding obligations using the minimum  statutory withholding rates for federal, state, local and fo reign tax 
purposes, including payroll taxes, that are applicable to supp lemental taxable income. Unless the Withholding Taxes obligation s of the 
Company and/or any Affiliate are satisfied, the Company will h ave no obligation to deliver to you any Common Stock.  
 
11. Unsecured Obligation. Your Award is unfunded, and as a holder of a vested Award, y ou will be considered an 
unsecured creditor of the Company with respect to the Company’ s obligation, if any, to issue shares pursuant to this A greement. You 
will not have voting or any other rights as a stockholder of the Company with respect to the shares to be issued pursuan t to this 
Agreement until such shares are issued to you. Upon such i ssuance, you will obtain full voting and other rights as a stockholder of the 
Company. Nothing contained in this Agreement, and no action t aken pursuant to its provisions, will create or be construed to create a 
trust of any kind or a fiduciary relationship between you and  the Company or any other person.  
 
12. Other Documents . You hereby acknowledge receipt or the right to receive a document  providing the information 
required by Rule 428(b)(1) promulgated under the Securities A ct, which includes the Plan prospectus. In addition, you ackno wledge 
receipt of the Company’s policy permitting certain individuals  to sell shares only during certain “window” periods and the C ompany’s 
insider trading policy, in effect from time to time and under stand that this policy applies to shares received under this Aw ard.  
 
13. Notices; Electronic Delivery. Any notices provided for in your Award or the Plan will b e given in writing and will 
be deemed effectively given upon receipt or, in the case of notices  delivered by the Company to you, five (5) days after deposit  in the 
United States mail, postage prepaid, addressed to you at the l ast address you provided to the Company. Notwithstanding the foregoing, 
the Company may, in its sole discretion, decide to deliver any  documents and transmit or require you to transmit notices r elated to 
participation in the Plan and this Award by electronic means. Yo u hereby consent to receive such documents and notices, and to gi ve 
such notices, by electronic delivery and to participate in the Pla n through the on- line or electronic system established and maintained by 
the Company or another third party designated by the Company  from time to time.  
 
14. Miscellaneous.  
(a) The rights and obligations of the Company under your Award  will be transferable to any one or more 
persons or entities, and all covenants and agreements hereunder w ill inure to the benefit of, and be enforceable by the Company’ s 
successors and assigns. Your rights and obligations under y our Award may only be assigned with the prior written consen t of the 
Company.  
 
(b) You agree upon request to execute any further documents or inst ruments necessary or desirable in the sole 
determination of the Company to carry out the purposes or in tent of your Award.  
 
(c) You acknowledge and agree that you have reviewed your Award in it s entirety, have had an opportunity to 
obtain the advice of counsel prior to executing and accepting y our Award, and fully understand all provisions of your A ward.  
 
(d) This Agreement will be subject to all applicable laws, rules, and regulations, and to such approvals by any 
governmental agencies or national securities exchanges as may be requir ed.  
 
(e) All obligations of the Company under the Plan and this Agr eement will be binding on any successor to the 
Company, whether the existence of such successor is the result o f a direct or indirect purchase, merger, consolidation, or oth erwise, of 
all or substantially all of the business and/or assets of th e Company.  
 
 
  
 
15. Governing Plan Document. Your Award is subject to all the provisions of the Plan, t he provisions of which are 
hereby made a part of your Award, and is further subject to all  interpretations, amendments, rules and regulations which may from time 
to time be promulgated and adopted pursuant to the Plan.  
 
16. Severability. If all or any part of this Agreement or the Plan is declared by  any court or governmental authority to 
be unlawful or invalid, such unlawfulness or invalidity wi ll not invalidate any portion of this Agreement or the Plan not declared to be 
unlawful or invalid. Any Section of this Agreement (or par t of such a Section) so declared to be unlawful or invalid wi ll, if possible, be 
construed in a manner which will give effect to the terms of su ch Section or part of a Section to the fullest extent possible while 
remaining lawful and valid.  
 
17. Effect on Other Employee Benefit Plans. The value of the Award subject to this Agreement will not be i ncluded 
as compensation, earnings, salaries, or other similar terms us ed when calculating your benefits under any employee benefit plan 
sponsored by the Company or any Affiliate, except as such plan  otherwise expressly provides. The Company expressly reserves its 
rights to amend, modify, or terminate any of the Company’s or any Affiliate’s employee benefit plans.  
 
18. Choice of Law. The interpretation, performance and enforcement of this Agreement  will be governed by the law of 
the state of Delaware without regard to such state’s conflicts  of laws rules.  
 
19. Amendment. This Agreement may not be modified, amended or terminated except by an instrument in writing, 
signed by you and by a duly authorized representative of the Co mpany. Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Agreement may b e 
amended solely by the Board by a writing which specifically stat es that it is amending this Agreement, so long as a copy of such 
amendment is delivered to you, and provided that no such amendm ent adversely affecting your rights hereunder may be made without  
your written consent. Without limiting the foregoing, t he Board reserves the right to change, by written notice to you , the provisions of 
this Agreement in any way it may deem necessary or advisable to carr y out the purpose of the grant as a result of any change in 
applicable laws or regulations or any future law, regulation,  ruling, or judicial decision, provided that any such chang e will be 
applicable only to rights relating to that portion of the A ward which is then subject to restrictions as provided in th is Agreement.  
 
20. Compliance with Section 409A of the Code . This Award is intended to comply with U.S. Treasury Regulat ion 
Section 1.409A- 3(a) and will be construed and administered in such a manner, an d any ambiguous or missing terms that may otherwise 
be supplied from and/or defined under Code Section 409A in a manner that fulfills such intention hereby incorporated by r eference. 
Each installment of RSUs that vests hereunder is intended to constitute a “separate payment” for purposes of Treasury Regulation 
Section 1.409A- 2(b)(2). If you are a Specified Employee on your Separation fr om Service, then the issuance of any shares, cash or 
other property that would otherwise be made on the date of yo ur Separation from Service (or within the first six month s thereafter as a 
result of your Separation from Service) will not be made on the originally scheduled date(s) and will instead be issued in  a lump sum on 
the earlier of (i) the date that is six months and one day aft er the date of the Separation from Service or (ii) the date of your death, but if 
and only if such delay in the issuance is necessary to avoid th e imposition of taxation on you in respect of the shares, cash  or property 
under Code Section 409A.  
 
21. No Obligation to Minimize Taxes. The Company has no duty or obligation to minimize the tax consequences to 
you of this Award and will not be liable to you for any ad verse tax consequences to you arising in connection with this Award. You are 
hereby advised to consult with your own personal tax, financi al and/or legal advisors regarding the tax consequences of this A ward and 
by accepting this Award, you have agreed that you have done so or knowingly and voluntarily declined to do so.  
 
 
  
 
EXHIBIT 10.27 
 
NVIDIA Corporation  
Restricted Stock Unit Grant Notice  
Amended & Restated 2007 Equity Incentive Plan  
 
NVIDIA Corporation (the “ Company ”), pursuant to its Amended & Restated 2007 Equity Incentive Plan (the “ Plan ”), hereby awards to 
Participant a Restricted Stock Unit Award for the n umber of shares of the Company’s Common Stock set f orth below (the “ Award ”). The Award is 
subject to all of the terms and conditions as set f orth in this Grant Notice, and in the Plan and the Restricted Stock Unit Agreement, the latter two 
being incorporated by reference herein. In the even t of any conflict between the terms in this Agreeme nt and the Plan, the terms of the Agreement 
will control. Capitalized terms not otherwise defin ed in this Restricted Stock Unit Grant Notice or th e Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (collectively, 
the “ Agreement ”) will have the meanings set forth in the Plan.  
Participant:                                                    
Date of Grant:                                           
Vesting Commencement Date:                                   
Number of RSUs/Shares Subject to Award:                               
 
   
Additional Terms/Acknowledgements: The undersigned Participant acknowledges receipt of , and understands and agrees to, the Agreement and 
the Plan. Participant further acknowledges that as of the Date of Grant (specified above), the Agreeme nt sets forth the entire understanding between 
Participant and the Company regarding this Award, w hich is granted as a result of the Company’s [_____ ] Compensation Program for Non-
Employee Directors and pursuant to the Participant’ s [_____] Election Form thereunder, and supersede a ll prior oral and written agreements on that 
subject with the exception of the following agreeme nts, if any:  
OTHER AGREEMENTS:                                            
      
          
NVIDIA CORPORATION                      PARTICIPANT:  
By:                                                                            Signature                            Signature  
Title:                                  Date:                                
Date:                                    
 
 
 
 
 
 Vesting Schedule :  This Award will vest as to 50% of the Restricted  Stock Units (“ RSUs ”) on the third Wednesday of November of the year 
of grant and as to the remaining 50% on the third W ednesday of May of the year following the year of g rant, subject to 
Participant’ s Continuous Service through such vesting date. How ever, this Award will become fully vested prior to such 
date on the Participant’s “separation from service”  (as defined under Treasury Regulation Section 1.40 9A-1(h), without 
regard to any alternative definitions therein, a “ Separation from Service ”) by reason of death. If the Award is not vested 
as of the Participant’s Separation from Service for  any other reason, it will immediately expire.  
Issuance Schedule:  Except as provided in Section 6 of the Agreement, t he Company will issue and deliver one (1) share of Common Stock for 
each RSU that has vested under this Award on the da te of vesting, but in all cases within the period n ecessary for 
compliance with Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A- 1(b)(4).  
ATTACHMENTS:  Restricted Stock Unit Agreement  
 
Attachment I  
 
NVIDIA Corporation  
Amended & Restated 2007 Equity Incentive Plan  
Restricted Stock Unit Agreement  
Pursuant to the Restricted Stock Unit Grant Notice (“ Grant Notice ”) and this Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (collectively, 
the “ Agreement ”), NVIDIA Corporation (the “ Company ”) has awarded you a Restricted Stock Unit Award (the “ Award ”) under its 
Amended & Restated 2007 Equity Incentive Plan (the “ Plan ”).  
1. Grant of the Award. The Award represents the right to be issued on a future date o ne share of Common 
Stock for each Restricted Stock Unit that vests under this Awar d, subject to the terms and conditions provided in this 
Agreement and in the Plan. As of the Date of Grant, the Compan y will credit to a bookkeeping account maintained by the 
Company for your benefit (the “ Account ”) the number of RSUs subject to the Award. Except as otherwise p rovided in this 
Agreement, you will not be required to make any payment to t he Company (other than past and future services to the Company  
or an Affiliate) with respect to your receipt of the Award, th e vesting of the RSUs or the delivery of the underlying Co mmon 
Stock.  
 
2. Vesting. Subject to the limitations contained in this Agreement, your Award will vest, if at all, in accordance with 
the vesting schedule provided in the Grant Notice, provided that vesting will cease upon the termination of your Contin uous Service 
(subject to any acceleration provided for in the Agreement or the Plan). On the termination of your Continuous Service, the R SUs 
credited to the Account that were not vested on the date of such termination will be forfeited and returned to the Company at n o cost to 
the Company and you will have no further right, title or  interest in or to such RSUs or the underlying shares of C ommon Stock.  
 
3. Number of Shares.  
(a) The number of RSUs (and the related shares of Common Stock) subject to your Award will be adjusted 
from time to time for Capitalization Adjustments, as provi ded in the Plan.  
 
(b) Any RSUs, shares, cash or other property that becomes subject t o the Award as a result of a Capitalization 
Adjustment, if any, will be subject to the same forfeiture res trictions, restrictions on transferability, and time and mann er of delivery as 
applicable to the other shares covered by your Award.  
 
(c) No fractional shares or rights for fractional shares of Com mon Stock will be created by this Section 3. The 
Board will round down, to the nearest whole share or whole u nit of rights, any fractional shares or rights for fractio nal shares.  
 
4. Securities Law Compliance. You will not be issued any shares under your Award unless either (a) the shares are 
registered under the Securities Act; or (b) the Company has d etermined that such issuance would be exempt from the registrati on 
requirements of the Securities Act. Your Award also must compl y with other applicable laws and regulations governing the Aw ard, and 
you will not receive such shares if the Company determines that  such receipt would not be in material compliance with such laws and 
regulations.  
 
5. Limitations on Transfer. Your Award is not transferable, except by will or by the law s of descent and distribution. 
In addition to any other limitation on transfer created by app licable securities laws, you agree not to assign, hypothecate, don ate, 
encumber or otherwise dispose of any interest in any of the s hares of Common Stock subject to the Award until the shares ar e issued to 
you. After the shares have been issued to you, you are free to as sign, hypothecate, donate, encumber or otherwise dispose of any 
interest in such shares provided that any such actions are in compliance with the provisions in this Agreement and applicable securities 
laws. If permitted by the Board, you may, by delivering wri tten notice to the Company, in a form satisfactory to the Co mpany, 
designate a third party who, in the event of your death, will  thereafter be entitled to receive any distribution of Common S tock to which 
you were entitled at the time of your death pursuant to this Agreement.  
 
 
  
 
6. Date of Issuance. In the event that one or more RSUs vests, the Company will i ssue to you one (1) share of 
Common Stock for each vested RSU on the applicable vesting date, but in all cases not later than the date necessary for compliance 
with Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(b)(4).  
 
7. Dividends. You will receive no benefit or adjustment to your Award and  any unissued shares thereunder with respect 
to any cash dividend, stock dividend or other distribution  that does not result from a Capitalization Adjustment. Fol lowing the date of 
vesting, in the event of any cash dividend, stock dividend o r other distribution that does not result from a Capitali zation Adjustment, no 
cash, stock or other property related to such dividend or dis tribution will be issuable in respect of your vested RSUs.   
 
8. Restrictive Legends. The shares issued under your Award will be endorsed with app ropriate legends if determined 
by the Company that legends are required under applicable law or otherwise.  
 
9. Award not a Service Contract.  
(a) Your Continuous Service with the Company or an Affiliate i s not for any specified term and may be 
terminated by you or by the Company or an Affiliate at any ti me, for any reason, with or without cause and with or witho ut notice.  
Nothing in this Agreement (including, but not limited t o, the vesting of your Award pursuant to the schedule set forth in Section 2 in 
this Agreement or the issuance of the shares subject to your Award), the Plan or any covenant of good faith and fair dealin g that may be 
found implicit in this Agreement or the Plan will:  (i) co nfer upon you any right to continue in the employ of, or affiliation with, the 
Company or an Affiliate; (ii) constitute any promise or comm itment by the Company or an Affiliate regarding the fact or n ature of 
future positions, future work assignments, future compensat ion or any other term or condition of employment or affili ation; (iii) confer 
any right or benefit under this Agreement or the Plan unles s such right or benefit has specifically accrued under the terms o f this 
Agreement or Plan; or (iv) deprive the Company or an Affili ate of the right to terminate you at will and without regard  to any future 
vesting opportunity that you may have.  
 
(b) By accepting this Award, you acknowledge and agree that the righ t to continue vesting in the Award is 
earned only through Continuous Service (not through the act  of being hired, being granted this Award or any other award or benefit) 
and that the Company has the right to reorganize, sell, spin- out or otherwise restructure one or more of its businesses  or Affiliates at any 
time or from time to time, as it deems appropriate (a “ reorganization ”).  You further acknowledge and agree that such a 
reorganization could result in the termination of your Conti nuous Service, or the termination of Affiliate status of yo ur employer and 
the loss of benefits available to you under this Agreement,  including but not limited to, the termination of the rig ht to continue vesting 
in the Award. You further acknowledge and agree that this Agreem ent, the Plan, the transactions contemplated hereunder and the 
vesting schedule set forth in this Agreement or any covenant of  good faith and fair dealing that may be found implicit in any of them do 
not constitute an express or implied promise of continued eng agement as an Employee, Director or Consultant for the term of  this 
Agreement, for any period, or at all, and will not interfere in any way with your right or the Company’s or an Affili ate’s right to 
terminate your Continuous Service at any time, with or with out cause and with or without notice.  
 
10. Withholding Obligations. On or before the time you receive a distribution of the cash, shares or other property 
subject to your Award, or at any time thereafter as reasonably r equested by the Company in compliance with applicable law, you 
hereby authorize any required withholding from the Common St ock issuable to you and/or otherwise agree to make adequate provis ion 
in cash for any sums required to satisfy the federal, state, local and foreign tax withholding obligations of the Compan y or any Affiliate 
which arise in connection with your Award (the “ Withholding Taxes ”). Without limiting the foregoing, the Company or an Affili ate, 
or their respective agents, may, in their sole discretion, sati sfy all or any portion of the Withholding Taxes obligatio n relating to your 
Award by any of the following means or by a combination of such means: (i) withholding from any compensation otherwis e payable to 
you by the Company; (ii) causing you to tender a cash payment ; (iii) permitting you to enter into a “same day sale” commitment with a 
broker-dealer that is a member of the Financial Industry Regul atory Authority (a “ FINRA Dealer ”) whereby you irrevocably elect to 
sell a portion of the shares to be delivered under the Award to  satisfy the Withholding Taxes and whereby the FINRA Dealer 
irrevocably commits to forward the proceeds necessary to satisfy the Withholding Taxes directly to the Company and/or its Af filiates, 
including a commitment pursuant to a previously establishe d  
 
  
 
Company-approved 10b5- 1 plan, and/or (iv) if approved by the Board in a manner that  complies with applicable laws, withholding 
shares of Common Stock from the shares of Common Stock iss ued or otherwise issuable to you in connection with the Awar d with a 
Fair Market Value (measured as of the date shares of Common Stock are issued to pursuant to Section 6) equal to the amount n ecessary 
to satisfy the Company’ s required tax withholding obligations using the minimu m statutory withholding rates for federal, state, local 
and foreign tax purposes, including payroll taxes, that are ap plicable to supplemental taxable income. Unless the Withholding Taxes 
obligations of the Company and/or any Affiliate are satisfied,  the Company will have no obligation to deliver to you any Common 
Stock.  
 
11. Unsecured Obligation. Your Award is unfunded, and as a holder of a vested Award, y ou will be considered an 
unsecured creditor of the Company with respect to the Company’ s obligation, if any, to issue shares pursuant to this A greement. You 
will not have voting or any other rights as a stockholder of the Company with respect to the shares to be issued pursuan t to this 
Agreement until such shares are issued to you. Upon such i ssuance, you will obtain full voting and other rights as a stockholder of the 
Company. Nothing contained in this Agreement, and no action t aken pursuant to its provisions, will create or be construed to create a 
trust of any kind or a fiduciary relationship between you and  the Company or any other person.  
 
12. Other Documents . You hereby acknowledge receipt or the right to receive a document  providing the information 
required by Rule 428(b)(1) promulgated under the Securities A ct, which includes the Plan prospectus. In addition, you ackno wledge 
receipt of the Company’s policy permitting certain individuals  to sell shares only during certain “window” periods and the C ompany’s 
insider trading policy, in effect from time to time and under stand that this policy applies to shares received under this Aw ard.  
 
13. Notices; Electronic Delivery. Any notices provided for in your Award or the Plan will b e given in writing and will 
be deemed effectively given upon receipt or, in the case of notices  delivered by the Company to you, five (5) days after deposit  in the 
United States mail, postage prepaid, addressed to you at the l ast address you provided to the Company. Notwithstanding the foregoing, 
the Company may, in its sole discretion, decide to deliver any  documents and transmit or require you to transmit notices r elated to 
participation in the Plan and this Award by electronic means. Yo u hereby consent to receive such documents and notices, and to gi ve 
such notices, by electronic delivery and to participate in the Pla n through the on- line or electronic system established and maintained by 
the Company or another third party designated by the Company  from time to time.  
 
14. Miscellaneous.  
(a) The rights and obligations of the Company under your Award  will be transferable to any one or more 
persons or entities, and all covenants and agreements hereunder w ill inure to the benefit of, and be enforceable by the Company’ s 
successors and assigns. Your rights and obligations under y our Award may only be assigned with the prior written consen t of the 
Company.  
 
(b) You agree upon request to execute any further documents or inst ruments necessary or desirable in the sole 
determination of the Company to carry out the purposes or in tent of your Award.  
 
(c) You acknowledge and agree that you have reviewed your Award in it s entirety, have had an opportunity to 
obtain the advice of counsel prior to executing and accepting y our Award, and fully understand all provisions of your A ward.  
 
(d) This Agreement will be subject to all applicable laws, rules, and regulations, and to such approvals by any 
governmental agencies or national securities exchanges as may be requir ed.  
 
(e) All obligations of the Company under the Plan and this Agr eement will be binding on any successor to the 
Company, whether the existence of such successor is the result o f a direct or indirect purchase, merger, consolidation, or oth erwise, of 
all or substantially all of the business and/or assets of th e Company.  
 
 
  
 
15. Governing Plan Document. Your Award is subject to all the provisions of the Plan, t he provisions of which are 
hereby made a part of your Award, and is further subject to all  interpretations, amendments, rules and regulations which may from time 
to time be promulgated and adopted pursuant to the Plan.  
 
16. Severability. If all or any part of this Agreement or the Plan is declared by  any court or governmental authority to 
be unlawful or invalid, such unlawfulness or invalidity wi ll not invalidate any portion of this Agreement or the Plan not declared to be 
unlawful or invalid. Any Section of this Agreement (or par t of such a Section) so declared to be unlawful or invalid wi ll, if possible, be 
construed in a manner which will give effect to the terms of su ch Section or part of a Section to the fullest extent possible while 
remaining lawful and valid.  
 
17. Effect on Other Employee Benefit Plans. The value of the Award subject to this Agreement will not be i ncluded 
as compensation, earnings, salaries, or other similar terms us ed when calculating your benefits under any employee benefit plan 
sponsored by the Company or any Affiliate, except as such plan  otherwise expressly provides. The Company expressly reserves its 
rights to amend, modify, or terminate any of the Company’s or any Affiliate’s employee benefit plans.  
 
18. Choice of Law. The interpretation, performance and enforcement of this Agreement  will be governed by the law of 
the state of Delaware without regard to such state’s conflicts  of laws rules.  
 
19. Amendment. This Agreement may not be modified, amended or terminated except by an instrument in writing, 
signed by you and by a duly authorized representative of the Co mpany. Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Agreement may b e 
amended solely by the Board by a writing which specifically stat es that it is amending this Agreement, so long as a copy of such 
amendment is delivered to you, and provided that no such amendm ent adversely affecting your rights hereunder may be made without  
your written consent. Without limiting the foregoing, t he Board reserves the right to change, by written notice to you , the provisions of 
this Agreement in any way it may deem necessary or advisable to carr y out the purpose of the grant as a result of any change in 
applicable laws or regulations or any future law, regulation,  ruling, or judicial decision, provided that any such chang e will be 
applicable only to rights relating to that portion of the A ward which is then subject to restrictions as provided in th is Agreement.  
 
20. Compliance with Section 409A of the Code . This Award is intended to comply with U.S. Treasury Regulat ion 
Section 1.409A-1(b)(4) and thus to not be treated as “defer red compensation”, and will be construed and administered in such a 
manner, and any ambiguous or missing terms that may otherwi se be supplied from and/or defined under Code Section 409A in  a 
manner that fulfills such intention hereby incorporated by reference. Each installment of RSUs that vests hereunder is intend ed to 
constitute a “separate payment” for purposes of Treasury Regulatio n Section 1.409A-2(b)(2). If you are a “specified employee” ( as 
determined under Code Section 409A) on your Separation from Service, then the issuance of any shares, cash or other property  that 
would otherwise be made on the date of your Separation from S ervice (or within the first six months thereafter as a result  of your 
Separation from Service) will not be made on the originally s cheduled date(s) and will instead be issued in a lump sum on t he earlier of 
(i) the date that is six months and one day after the date of t he Separation from Service or (ii) the date of your death, but if and only if 
such delay in the issuance is necessary to avoid the imposition of taxation on you in respect of the shares, cash or property  under Code 
Section 409A.  
 
21. No Obligation to Minimize Taxes. The Company has no duty or obligation to minimize the tax consequences to 
you of this Award and will not be liable to you for any ad verse tax consequences to you arising in connection with this Award. You are 
hereby advised to consult with your own personal tax, financi al and/or legal advisors regarding the tax consequences of this A ward and 
by accepting this Award, you have agreed that you have done so or knowingly and voluntarily declined to do so.  
 
 
 EXHIBIT 21.1 
LIST OF REGISTRANT'S SUBSIDIARIES  
 
 
 
 Subsidiaries of Registrant (All 100% owned)  Country of Organization  
    
AGEIA Technologies Switzerland AG  Switzerland  
Icera Canada ULC  Canada  
Icera LLC  United States  
Icera Semiconductor LLC  United States  
JAH Venture Holdings, Inc.  United States  
LPN Facilitator LLC  United States  
NVIDIA (BVI) Holdings Limited  Virgin Islands, British  
NVIDIA ARC GmbH  Germany  
NVIDIA Belgium SPRL  Belgium  
NVIDIA Brasil Computação Visual Limitada  Brazil  
NVIDIA Development France SAS  France  
NVIDIA Development UK Limited  England and Wales  
NVIDIA Development, Inc.  Canada  
NVIDIA Dutch B.V.  Netherlands  
NVIDIA FZ-LLC  United Arab Emirates  
NVIDIA GK  Japan  
NVIDIA GmbH  Germany  
NVIDIA Graphics Holding Company  Mauritius  
NVIDIA Graphics Private Limited  India  
NVIDIA Helsinki Oy  Finland  
NVIDIA Hong Kong Development Limited  Hong Kong  
NVIDIA Hong Kong Holdings Limited  Hong Kong  
NVIDIA International Holdings Inc.  United States  
NVIDIA International, Inc.  Cayman Islands  
NVIDIA Italy S.r.l.  Italy  
NVIDIA Land Development, LLC  United States  
NVIDIA Ltd.  England and Wales  
NVIDIA Pty Limited  Australia  
NVIDIA Semiconductor (Shenzhen) Co., Ltd.  China  
NVIDIA Semiconductor Holding Company  Mauritius  
NVIDIA Semiconductor R&D (Tianjin) Co., Ltd.  China   
NVIDIA Semiconductor Shenzhen Holding Company  Maur itius  
NVIDIA Semiconductor Technical Service (Shanghai) C o., Ltd.  China  
NVIDIA Semiconductor Technology (Shanghai) Co., Ltd .  China  
NVIDIA Singapore Development Pte. Ltd.  Singapore  
NVIDIA Singapore Pte Ltd  Singapore  
NVIDIA Technology UK Limited  England and Wales  
VC Worldwide Ltd.  Virgin Islands, British  
    
    
    EXHIBIT 23.1 
CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING  FIRM  
 
 
We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference  in the Registration Statement on Form S -8 (Nos. 333-74905, 333-51520, 333-74868, 333-
100010, 333-106191, 333-114375, 333-123933, 333-132 493, 333-140021, 333-143953, 333-181625, 333-185036 , 333-188775, and 333- 196259) of 
NVIDIA Corporation of our report dated March 11, 2015 relating to the financial stat ements, financial statement schedule and the effectiveness of 
internal control over financial reporting, which ap pears in this Form 10 -K.    
 
   
/s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP    
 
San Jose, California  
March 11, 2015  
 
 
  
 
  EXHIBIT 31.1 
CERTIFICATION  
 
   
I, Jen-Hsun Huang, certify that:  
   
1.  I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K  of NVIDIA Corporation;  
 
2.  Based on my knowledge, this report does not con tain any untrue statement of a material fact or omi t to state a material fact necessary to make the 
statements made, in light of the circumstances unde r which such statements were made, not misleading w ith respect to the period covered by this 
report;  
   
3.  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements , and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the  
financial condition, results of operations and cash  flows of the registrant as of, and for, the period s presented in this report;  
   
4.  The registrant's other certifying officer(s) an d I are responsible for establishing and maintainin g disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in  
Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and int ernal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15 
(f)) for the registrant and have:    
 
(a) designed such disclosure controls and procedure s, or caused such disclosure controls and procedure s to be designed under our supervision, to 
ensure that material information relating to the re gistrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities , 
particularly during the period in which this report  is being prepared;  
 
(b) designed such internal control over financial r eporting, or caused such internal control over fina ncial reporting to be designed under our 
supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regard ing the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external 
purposes in accordance with generally accepted acco unting principles;  
 
(c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's  disclosure controls and procedures and presented i n this report our conclusions about the 
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and proced ures, as of the end of the period covered by this r eport based on such evaluation; and  
 
(d) disclosed in this report any change in the regi strant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent 
fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quar ter in the case of an annual report) that has mater ially affected, or is reasonably likely to material ly 
affect, the registrant's internal control over fina ncial reporting; and  
 
5.  The registrant's other certifying officer(s) an d I have disclosed, based on our most recent evalua tion of internal control over financial reporting, to 
the registrant's auditors and the audit committee o f the registrant's board of directors (or persons p erforming the equivalent functions):    
 
(a) all significant deficiencies and material weakn esses in the design or operation of internal contro l over financial reporting which are reasonably 
likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability  to record, process, summarize and report financial  information; and  
 
(b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involv es management or other employees who have a signifi cant role in the registrant's internal control 
over financial reporting.  
 
Date:   March 11, 2015  
   
 
 
   
/s/ JEN -HSUN HUANG  
Jen-Hsun Huang          
President and Chief Executive Officer   
 
 
  
 
EXHIBIT 31.2 
   
CERTIFICATION  
 
   
I, Colette M. Kress, certify that:  
 
1.  I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K  of NVIDIA Corporation;  
   
2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not cont ain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit  to state a material fact necessary to make the 
statements made, in light of the circumstances unde r which such statements were made, not misleading w ith respect to the period covered by this 
report;  
   
3.  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements , and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the  
financial condition, results of operations and cash  flows of the registrant as of, and for, the period s presented in this report;  
   
4.  The registrant's other certifying officer(s) an d I are responsible for establishing and maintainin g disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in  
Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and int ernal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15 
(f)) for the registrant and have:    
 
(a) designed such disclosure controls and procedure s, or caused such disclosure controls and procedure s to be designed under our supervision, to 
ensure that material information relating to the re gistrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities , 
particularly during the period in which this report  is being prepared;  
 
(b) designed such internal control over financial r eporting, or caused such internal control over fina ncial reporting to be designed under our 
supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regard ing the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external 
purposes in accordance with generally accepted acco unting principles;  
 
(c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's  disclosure controls and procedures and presented i n this report our conclusions about the 
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and proced ures, as of the end of the period covered by this r eport based on such evaluation; and  
 
(d) disclosed in this report any change in the regi strant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent 
fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quar ter in the case of an annual report) that has mater ially affected, or is reasonably likely to material ly 
affect, the registrant's internal control over fina ncial reporting; and  
 
5.  The registrant's other certifying officer(s) an d I have disclosed, based on our most recent evalua tion of internal control over financial reporting, to 
the registrant's auditors and the audit committee o f the registrant's board of directors (or persons p erforming the equivalent functions):  
   
(a) all significant deficiencies and material weakn esses in the design or operation of internal contro l over financial reporting which are reasonably 
likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability  to record, process, summarize and report financial  information; and  
 
(b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involv es management or other employees who have a signifi cant role in the registrant's internal control 
over financial reporting.  
 
 Date:   March 11, 2015  
 
 
 
   
/s/ COLETTE M. KRESS   
Colette M. Kress  
Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Office r  
 
 
  
 
EXHIBIT 32.1 
   
CERTIFICATION   
 
   
Pursuant to the requirement set forth in Rule 13a-1 4(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as ame nded (the “Exchange Act”), and Section 
1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States  Code (18 U.S.C. § 1350), Jen- Hsun Huang, the President and Chief Executive Offic er of NVIDIA 
Corporation (the “Company”), hereby certifies that,  to the best of his knowledge:  
 
1.  The Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for th e year ended January 25, 2015 , to which this Certification is attached as Exhibi t 32.1 (the 
“Periodic Report”), fully complies with the require ments of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Exch ange Act; and  
 
2.  The information contained in the Periodic Repor t fairly presents, in all material respects, the fi nancial condition of the Company at the end of the 
period covered by the Periodic Report and results o f operations of the Company for the period covered by the Periodic Report.  
 
Date:   March 11, 2015  
   
 
   
/s/ JEN -HSUN HUANG  
Jen-Hsun Huang      
President and Chief Executive Officer  
   
   
A signed original of this written statement require d by Section 906 of 18 U.S.C. § 1350 has been provi ded to NVIDIA Corporation and will be 
retained by NVIDIA Corporation and furnished to the  Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff up on request.  
    
This certification accompanies the Form 10- K to which it relates, is not deemed filed with the  Securities and Exchange Commission and is not to 
be incorporated by reference into any filing of the  Company under the Securities Act of 1933, as amend ed, or the Exchange Act (whether made 
before or after the date of the Form 10-K), irrespe ctive of any general incorporation language contain ed in such filing.  
 
 
 
  
 
EXHIBIT 32.2 
   
CERTIFICATION  
   
 
Pursuant to the requirement set forth in Rule 13a-1 4(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as ame nded (the “Exchange Act”), and Section 
1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States  Code (18 U.S.C. § 1350), Colette M. Kress, Executi ve Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
of NVIDIA Corporation (the “Company”), hereby certi fies that, to the best of her knowledge:  
 
1. The Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the  year ended January 25, 2015 , to which this Certification is attached as Exhibi t 32.2 (the 
“Periodic Report”), fully complies with the require ments of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Exch ange Act; and  
 
2. The information contained in the Periodic Report  fairly presents, in all material respects, the fin ancial condition of the Company at the end of the 
period covered by the Periodic Report and results o f operations of the Company for the period covered by the Periodic Report.  
 
Date:   March 11, 2015  
 
 
   
/s/ COLETTE M. KRESS   
Colette M. Kress  
Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Office r  
     
   
A signed original of this written statement require d by Section 906 of 18 U.S.C. § 1350 has been provi ded to NVIDIA Corporation and will be 
retained by NVIDIA Corporation and furnished to the  Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff up on request.  
    
This certification accompanies the Form 10- K to which it relates, is not deemed filed with the  Securities and Exchange Commission and is not to 
be incorporated by reference into any filing of the  Company under the Securities Act of 1933, as amend ed, or the Exchange Act (whether made 
before or after the date of the Form 10-K), irrespe ctive of any general incorporation language contain ed in such filing.  
 
 
 