Table of ContentsUNITED STATES
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
Washington, D.C. 20549
____________________________________________________________________________________________
FORM 10-K
[x]
ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
For the fiscal year ended January 29, 2017OR
[_]
TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934Commission file number: 0-23985
  
  NVIDIA CORPORATION
(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)
Delaware
94-3177549 (State or other jurisdiction of
(I.R.S. Employer Incorporation or Organization)
Identification No.) 2701 San Tomas Expressway
Santa Clara, California 95050
(408) 486-2000
(Address, including zip code, and telephone number, includi
ng area code, of principal executive offices)Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:
Title of each class
Name of each exchange on which registered Common Stock, $0.001 par value per share
The NASDAQ Global Select Market Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:
None
Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, 
as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act.    Yes ý
 No oIndicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act.     Yes 
o
 No ýIndicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12
months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subje
ct to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.        Yes ý
 No o
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, ev
ery Interactive Data File required to be submitted andposted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (§232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit
and post such files). Yes 
ý
 No oIndicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K (§ 229.405 of this chapter) is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to
the best of registrant’s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. 
ý Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large acceler
ated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See definitions of “largeaccelerated filer,” “accelerated filer” and 
“smaller reporting company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one)Large accelerated filer    
x
               Accelerated filer o
                         Non-accelerated filer 
o
  (Do not check if a smaller reporting company)        Smaller reporting company o Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act).     Y
es o
 No ý
 The
 aggregate market value of the voting stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant as of July 29, 2016 was approximately $28.98 billion (based on the closing sales price ofthe
 registrant's common stock as reported by the NASDAQ Global Select Market on July 29, 2016). This calculation excludes 27 million shares held  by directors and executiveofficers
 of the registrant. This calculation does not exclude shares held by such organizations whose ownership exceeds 5% of the registrant's outstanding common stock thathave represented to the registrant that they are registered investment advisers or investment companies register
ed under section 8 of the Investment Company Act of 1940.The number of shares of common stock outstanding as of 
February 24, 2017 was 589 million .  
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE
 
Portions
 of the registrant's Proxy Statement for its 2017 Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Regulation 14Anot later than 120 days after the end of the fiscal year covere
d by this Annual Report on Form 10-K are incorporated by reference into Part III, Items 10-14 of this Annual Reporton Form 10-K.
Table of ContentsNVIDIA CORPORATION
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
 Page  
 PART I
  
Item 1.
 Business
  4 
Item 1A.
 Risk Factors
  14 
Item 1B.
 Unresolved Staff Comments
  23 
Item 2.
 Properties
  23 
Item 3.
 Legal Proceedings
  23 
Item 4.
Mine Safety Disclosures   23 
 PART II
  
Item 5.
 Market for Registrant’s Com
mon Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities  24 
Item 6.
 Selected Financial Data
27  
Item 7.
 Management’s Discussion and Analysis o
f Financial Condition and Results of Operations  28 
Item 7A.
 Quantitative and Qualita
tive Disclosures About Market Risk  41 
Item 8.
 Financial Statements and Suppl
ementary Data  42 
Item 9.
 Changes in and Disagreements Wi
th Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure  42 
Item 9A.
 Controls and Procedures
  43 
Item 9B.
 Other Information
  43 
 PART III
  
Item 10.
 Directors, Executive Offi
cers and Corporate Governance  44 
Item 11.
 Executive Compensation
  44 
Item 12.
 Security Ownership of Certain Benef
icial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters45  
Item 13.
 Certain Relationships and Rela
ted Transactions, and Director Independence45  
Item 14.
 Principal Accounting Fees and Servi
ces  45 
 PART IV
  
Item 15.
 Exhibits, Financial Statem
ent Schedules  46 
Signatures
   972
Table of ContentsWHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION
Investors
 and others should note that we announce material financial information to our investors using our investor relations website, press releases, SECfilings
 and public conference calls and webcasts. We also use the following social media channels as a means of disclosing information about the company, ourproducts, our
 planned financial and other announcements and attendance at upcoming investor and industry conferences, and other matters and for complying withour disclosure obligations unde
r Regulation FD: 
NVIDIA Twitter Account (https://twit
ter.com/NVIDIA)NVIDIA Company Blog (http://blogs.nvidia.com/)
 
NVIDIA Facebook Page (https://www.facebook.com/NVIDIA)
 
NVIDIA LinkedIn Page (http://www.linkedin.com/
company/nvidia?trk=hb_tab_compy_id_3608)In addition, investors and othe
rs can use the Pulse news reader to subscribe to the NVIDIA Daily News feed and can view NVIDIA videos on YouTube.              
The
 information we post through these social media channels may be deemed material. Accordingly, investors should monitor these accounts and the blog, inaddition to following our press r
eleases, SEC filings and public conference calls and webcasts. This list may be updated from time to time. The information we postthrough these channels is not a p
art of this annual report on Form 10-K. These channels may be updated from time to time on NVIDIA's investor relations website.Forward-Looking Statements
This
 Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, andSection 21E of the Securiti
es Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, which are subject to the “safe harbor” created by those sections. Forward-looking statements arebased
 on our management's beliefs and assumptions and on information currently available to our management. In some cases, you can identify forward-lookingstatements
 by terms such as “may,” “will,” “should,” “could,” “goal,” “would,” “expect,” “plan,” “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “project,” “predict,”“potential”
 and similar expressions intended to identify forward-looking statements. These statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and otherfactors, which may
 cause our actual results, performance, time frames or achievements to be materially different from any future results, performance, time framesor
 achievements expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. We discuss many of these risks, uncertainties and other factors in this Annual Report onForm
 10-K in greater detail under the heading “Risk Factors.” Given these risks, uncertainties and other factors, you should not place undue reliance on theseforward-looking statements.
 Also, these forward-looking statements represent our estimates and assumptions only as of the date of this filing. You should read thisAnnual
 Report on Form 10-K completely and with the understanding that our actual future results may be materially different from what we expect. We herebyqualify
 our  forward-looking  statements  by  these  cautionary  statements.  Except  as  required  by  law,  we  assume  no  obligation  to  update  these  forward-lookingstatements
 publicly,  or  to  update  the  reasons  actual  results  could  differ  materially  from  those  anticipated  in  these  forward-looking  statements,  even  if  newinformation becomes available in th
e future.All
 references to “NVIDIA,” “we,” “us,” “our” or the “Company” mean NVIDIA Corporation and its subsidiaries, except where it is made clear that theterm means only the parent company.
©
 2017 NVIDIA Corporation. All rights reserved. NVIDIA, the NVIDIA logo, GeForce, Quadro, Tegra, Tesla, CUDA, GeForce Experience, ICERA, Iray,Jetson,
 Maxwell, NVIDIA Ansel, NVIDIA DesignWorks, NVIDIA DGX-1, NVIDIA DRIVE, NVIDIA GameWorks, NVIDIA GeForce NOW, NVIDIA GRID, NVIDIASHIELD,
 NVIDIA SPOT, NVIDIA VRWorks, NVLink, Pascal and TensorRT are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of NVIDIA Corporation in the UnitedStates and other countries. Other company and produc
t names may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.3
Table of ContentsPART I
 
ITEM 1. BUSINESS
Our Company
Starting
 with a focus on PC graphics, NVIDIA invented the GPU to solve some of the most complex problems in computer science. We have extended ouremphasis in recent years t
o the revolutionary field of artificial intelligence, or AI.The GPU
 was initially used to simulate human imagination, enabling the virtual worlds of video games and films. Today, it also simulates human intelligence,enabling
 a  deeper  understanding  of  the  physical  world.  Its  parallel  processing  capabilities,  supported  by  up  to  thousands  of  computing  cores,  are  essential  torunning deep learning algorithms. This form of AI, in 
which software writes itself, enables computers to learn from data and serve as the brain of computers, robotsand
 self-driving  cars  that  can  perceive  and  understand  the  world.  GPU-powered  deep  learning  is  being  rapidly  adopted  by  thousands  of  enterprises  to  deliverservices and features 
that would have been impossible with traditional coding.NVIDIA
 delivers  value  to  its  customers  through  PC,  mobile  and  cloud  architectures. Vertical  integration  enables  us  to  bring  together  hardware,  systemsoftware,
 programmable  algorithms,  libraries,  systems  and  services  to  create  unique  value  for  the  markets  we  serve. Offerings  like  the  NVIDIA  DGX  AIsupercomputer,
 the  NVIDIA  DRIVE  AI  car  computing  platform  and  the  GeForce  NOW  cloud  gaming  service  bring  together  combinations  of  the  company’shardware, software and servi
ces to meet the exacting demands of specific audiences.Innovation
 is at our core. We have invested over $13 billion in research and development since our inception, yielding inventions that are essential to moderncomputing.
 The GPU introduced the world to the power of programmable graphics. Our CUDA programming language harnessed the GPU’s parallel processingcapabilities
 to accelerate scientific and AI computing. Virtualized GPUs put the power of parallel processing into the cloud, accessible from any connected device,anywhere.
 Other  breakthroughs  in  our  evolving  GPU architectures  and  related  technologies  enable  GPUs to  be  more  powerful  and  efficient,  and  to  fuel  morepowerful AI workloads with deep learn
ing capabilities.Gamers
 choose NVIDIA GPUs to enjoy immersive, increasingly cinematic fantasy worlds. GPUs also help underpin the world’s fastest growing spectatorsport,
 eSports, which attracts hundreds of millions of viewers to watch top-quality gaming. And more than 100 million people participate in MOBA - multiplayeronline battle area - games.
Professional designers use our GPUs to cre
ate visual effects in movies and design products ranging from soft drink bottles to commercial aircraft.Researchers
 use our GPUs to accelerate a wide range of important applications, from simulating viruses to exploring the origins of the universe. The world’sleading
 cloud services companies, and a rapidly growing number of enterprises and startups, use GPUs to facilitate deep learning that meets, and in some casessurpasses, human perception.
Our
 GPU product brands are aimed at specialized markets including GeForce for gamers; Quadro for designers; Tesla and DGX for AI data scientists and bigdata
 researchers; and GRID for cloud-based visual computing users. Our Tegra brand integrates an entire computer onto a single chip, and incorporates GPUs andmulti-core CPUs to drive superco
mputing for mobile gaming and entertainment devices, as well as autonomous robots, drones and cars.Headquartered in Santa Clar
a, California, NVIDIA was incorporated in California in April 1993 and reincorporated in Delaware in April 1998.4
Table of ContentsOur Businesses
Our
 two reportable segments - GPU and Tegra Processor - are based on a single underlying architecture. From our proprietary processors, we have createdplatforms that address 
four large markets where our expertise is critical: Gaming, Professional Visualization, Datacenter, and Automotive.Businesses
  NVIDIA Visual Computing and Accelerated Computing Platforms and Brands 
   GPU
 ∙GeForce  for PC gaming  
 ∙GeForce NOW  for cloud-based game-st reaming service 
 ∙Quadro  for  design  professionals  working  in  computer-aided  design,  video  editing,  special  effects  and  other  creativeapplications
 
 ∙Tesla  for  AI utilizing deep learning and accelerated computing, leveraging the parallel computing capabilities of GPUs forgeneral purpose computing
 
 ∙GRID  to provide the power of NVIDIA graphics through the cloud and datacenters 
   Tegra Processor
 ∙Tegra  processors are primar ily designed to enable branded platforms - DRIVE PX and SHIELD 
 ∙DRIVE PX  automotive supercompute rs that provide self-driving capabilities 
 ∙SHIELD  includes  a family of devices and services designed to harness the power of mobile-cloud to revolutionize homeentertainment, AI and ga
mingOur Markets
We
 specialize in markets in which GPU-based visual computing and accelerated computing platforms can provide tremendous throughput for applications.These platforms incorpor
ate processors, systems software, programmable algorithms, systems and services to deliver value that is unique in the marketplace.Gaming
Computer
 gaming  is  the  largest  entertainment  industry.  Helping  to  propel  its  growth  are  the  new  high  production  value  games  and  franchises,  the  rise  ofcompetitive online ga
ming, eSports, and the rise of virtual reality.Our
 GPUs  enhance  the  gaming  experience  by  improving  the  visual  quality  of  graphics,  increasing  the  frame  rate  for  smoother  gameplay  and  improvingrealism
 by  incorporating  the  behavior  of  light  and  physical  objects.  These  can  be  enjoyed  independently  or  together  to  extend  the  gaming  experience  acrossplatforms.
Our
 gaming platforms utilize sophisticated 3D software and algorithms - including our GameWorks libraries that provide special effects for games. Theseenable
 us to deliver realism and immersion, even when playing games remotely from the cloud. We further enhance gaming with GeForce Experience, our gamingapplication
 that optimizes the PC user’s settings for each title and enables players to record and share gameplay. It has been downloaded by more than 80 millionusers.
To
 enable virtual reality, we provide developers with a suite of software libraries called VRWorks. VRWorks allows developers to create fully immersiveexperiences
 by enabling physically realistic visuals, sound, touch interactions and simulated environments. VR requires advanced high-performance GPUs as theengine to simulate comp
lete immersion.Our
 products for the gaming market include GeForce GTX GPUs for PC gaming; the SHIELD family of tablets, portable devices for mobile gaming and TVstreaming; GeForce NOW for cloud
-based gaming; as well as platforms and development services for specialized console gaming devices.5
Table of ContentsProfessional Visualization
We
 serve the Professional Visualization market by working closely with independent software vendors to optimize their offerings for NVIDIA GPUs. OurGPU computing solution
s enhance productivity and introduce new capabilities for critical parts of the workflow for such major industries as automotive, media andentertainment, architectural engineerin
g, oil and gas, and medical imaging.For
 designers who build the products we use every day, it is critical that images viewed digitally mirror reality. This requires simulating the physical behaviorof light and materials, or physically-based rendering, an emerging trend in professio
nal design. Our Iray and DesignWorks software delivers this to designers. Theyenable
 an  architect  designing  a  building  with  a  computer-aided  design  package  to  interact  with  the  model  in  real  time,  view  it  in  greater  detail,  and  generatephotorealistic renderings
 for the client. They also allow an automotive designer to create a highly realistic 3D image of a car, which can be viewed from all angles,reducing reliance on cos
tly, time-consuming full-scale clay models.Just
 as virtual reality is becoming more important in gaming, it is also being incorporated in a growing number of enterprise applications, within medicine,architecture, product
 design and retailing. Virtual car showrooms, surgical training, architectural walkthroughs, and bringing historical scenes to life all deploy thistechnology, powered by our GPUs.
Visual computing is vital to p
roductivity in many environments, including:•
Design and Manufacturing  -  including computer-aided design, architectural  design, consumer-products manufacturing, medical instrumentationand aerospace
•
Digital Content Creation  - including professional vid eo editing and post production, special effects for films and broadcast-television graphicsOur
 brand  for  this  market  is  Quadro  for  workstations.  Quadro  GPUs  enhance  the  productivity  of  designers  by  improving  performance  and  addingfunctionality, such as photor
ealistic rendering, high color fidelity and advanced scalable display capabilities.Datacenter
The
 NVIDIA accelerated computing platform addresses AI, in which systems learn using unstructured data, and high performance computing, in which itspeeds
 work  toward  reaching  answers  for  more  narrowly  defined  problems.  The  platform  consists  of  our  energy  efficient  GPUs,  our  CUDA  programminglanguage, specific lib
raries such as cuDNN, and innovations such as NVLink, which enables application scalability across multiple GPUs.Deep
 learning is a new AI computer model where neural networks are trained to recognize patterns from massive amounts of data in the form of images,sounds
 and  text  -  in  some  instances  better  than  humans.  It  also  greatly  increases  the  performance  and  power  efficiency  of  high-performance  computers  anddatacenter
 systems. GPUs excel at parallel workloads, speeding applications by 10-75x compared with CPUs, reducing each of the many data training iterationsfrom weeks to days. In the past ye
ar alone, GPUs have sped up training of deep neural networks for AI by as much as 12x.We
 are  engaged  with  thousands  of  organizations  working  on  AI  in  a  multitude  of  industries,  from  automating  tasks  such  as  reading  medical  images,  tosurveying coral on the sea bot
tom, to identifying the physical world for the blind. These organizations include the world’s leading cloud services companies such asFacebook,
 Amazon and Baidu, which are infusing AI in applications that enable highly accurate voice recognition and real-time translation; enterprises that areincreasingly turning to AI to
 improve products and services; and startups seeking to implement AI in disruptive ways across multiple industries. We have partneredwith industry leaders such as Microsoft, IBM an
d SAP to bring AI to enterprise users. We also have partnerships in healthcare and manufacturing, among others, toaccelerate the 
adoption of AI.To
 enable  deep  learning,  we  provide  a  family  of  GPUs  designed  to  speed  up  training  and  inferencing  of  neural  networks.  They  are  available  in  industrystandard servers
 from companies such as HP, Dell and Cisco; from cloud services such as Amazon Web Services, Alicloud, Azure and Google Cloud; as well as inour
 DGX AI supercomputer, a purpose-built system for deep learning and AI accelerated analytics. DGX delivers performance equal to hundreds of conventionalservers,
 comes  fully  integrated  with  hardware,  deep  learning  software,  development  tools,  support  for  existing  AI  frameworks,  and  runs  popular  acceleratedanalytics applications.
6
Table of ContentsGPUs
 also increase the speed of applications used in such fields as aerospace, bio-science research, mechanical and fluid simulations, and energy exploration.They have
 already had a significant impact on scientific discovery, including improving heart surgery, HIV research and mapping human genome folds. Our GPUsand cuDNN software have been broadly adopt
ed for deep learning, a new computing method for enabling artificial intelligence.Accelerated
 computing  is  recognized  as  the  path  forward  for  high  performance  computing  amid  the  slowing  of  Moore’s  Law.  The  proportion  ofsupercomputers
 utilizing  accelerators  has  grown sharply  over the  past five  years,  now accounting  for  a significant  proportion  of  both the  total  systems  on theTOP500
 list, which ranks the 500 most powerful commercially available computer systems, and the list’s total floating-point operations per second. Tesla GPUaccelerators
 power many of the world’s fastest supercomputers. They will also drive the U.S. Energy Department’s next generation of supercomputers at OakRidge and Lawrence Livermore Na
tional Laboratories.We also serve the
 datacenter market with GRID for virtualized graphics. GRID makes it possible to run graphics-intensive applications remotely on a server inthe datacenter.
 Applications include accelerating virtual desktop infrastructures and delivering graphics-intensive applications from the cloud for industries rangingfrom manufacturing, he
althcare and educational institutions, among others.Automotive
NVIDIA has demonstrated multiple applications
 of AI within the car. AI can drive the car itself as a pilot, in either partial or fully autonomous mode. Also, AIcan
 be a co-pilot, assisting the human driver in creating a safer driving experience. NVIDIA is working with automotive partners to enable AI pilot and co-pilotwithin the car.
NVIDIA
 is working  with numerous  automakers,  tier-one  suppliers,  automotive  research  institutions,  HD mapping  companies,  and startups  to develop  anddeploy
 AI systems for self-driving vehicles. Our unified AI computing architecture starts with mapping and training deep neural networks using our Tesla GPUs,and
 then  running  them  within  the  vehicle  on  the  NVIDIA  DRIVE  PX  AI  car  computing  platform.  This  end-to-end  approach  leverages  NVIDIA  DriveWorkssoftware and allows cars to r
eceive over-the-air updates to add new features and capabilities throughout the life of a vehicle.DRIVE
 PX  can  understand  in  real-time  what's  happening  around  the  vehicle,  precisely  locate  itself  on  an  HD  map,  and  plan  a  safe  path  forward.  Thisadvanced
 self-driving car platform combines deep learning, sensor fusion and surround vision to change the driving experience. Our DRIVE PX platform scalesfrom
 a palm-sized, energy efficient module for AutoCruise automated highway-driving capabilities to a configuration with multiple systems aimed at enablingdriverless
 cars.  A  new  single-processor  configuration  of  DRIVE  PX  enables  vehicles  to  use  deep  neural  networks  to  process  data  from  multiple  cameras  andsensors.
We
 also see the opportunity for Tegra in other areas, such as robots that respond to voice and gesture commands; drones that process enormous amounts ofvisual-based
 data;  and smart  Android  monitors.  Our  platform  for  embedded  use,  Jetson  TX1, provides  the  performance  and  power  efficiency  needed  for  deeplearning in a powerful, highly 
efficient environment.7
Table of ContentsBusiness Strategies
NVIDIA’s key strategies that shape ou
r overall business approach include:Extending
 our  technology  leadership  in  AI .  Deep  learning  is  fundamental  to  the  evolution  of  AI.  We  provide  a  complete,  end-to-end  GPU  computingplatform
 for deep learning, addressing both training and inferencing. This includes GPUs, our CUDA programming language, algorithms, libraries and systemsoftware.
 GPUs are uniquely suited to AI, and we will continue to add AI-specific features to our GPU architecture to further extend our leadership position. Ourgoal
 is  to  make  our  GPU  platforms  available  on  every  server,  on  every  cloud  service,  as  well  as  on  our  own  AI  supercomputer.  We  evangelize  AI  throughpartnerships
 with hundreds of universities and more than a thousand startups through our Inception program. Additionally, our Deep Learning Institute providesinstruction
 on the latest techniques on how to design, train, and deploy neural network-powered machine learning in applications. It covers widely used open-source frameworks and NVIDIA’s lates
t GPU-accelerated deep learning platforms.Revolutionizing computing
 with the GPU’s parallel processing capability. The  massive parallel processing capabilities of NVIDIA GPUs can solve complexcomputational
 problems in significantly less time and with lower power consumption than CPUs. We work with developers worldwide who write programs usingthe
 CUDA high-level  programming  language.  Using GPUs, developers  are  able  to accelerate  applications  in areas  ranging  from  molecular  dynamics  to imageprocessing, derivatives mod
eling for financial risk analysis and big-data analytics.Extending
 our technology leadership in visual computing. We  believe that visual computing is fundamental to the continued expansion and evolution ofcomputing.
 We apply our research and development resources to extending our leadership in visual computing, enabling us to enhance the user experience forconsumer
 entertainment  and  professional  visualization  applications.  Our  technologies  are  instrumental  in  driving  forward  gaming,  as  developers  push  towardincreasingly cinema
tic production values and the possibilities opened up by virtual reality.Extending
 our visual computing leadership into mobile and cloud-computing platforms. We  believe that visual computing will remain a key component inthe
 computing paradigm defined by mobile, cloud and software as a service. We enable interactive graphics applications - such as games, movie and photo editingand
 design software - to be accessed by almost any device, almost anywhere. We believe that the user experience in virtual desktop infrastructures  should beindistinguishable
 from  physical  environments,  regardless  of  how  graphics  intensive  the  application.  Accordingly,  we  leverage  our  research  and  developmentresources to create p
latforms to enable visual computing in a mobile and cloud environment.Licensing
 our  intellectual  property. We  believe  our  intellectual  property  is  a  valuable  asset  that  can  be  accessed  by  our  customers  and  partners  throughlicenses
 and development agreements when they desire to build such capabilities directly into their own products, or have us do so through a custom development.Such license and development 
arrangements can further enhance the reach of our technology.Enabling GPU computing platforms in key
 focus areas. We believe  that we are well positioned to use our expertise in GPU computing to make contributionsin four key markets where our v
isual and accelerated computing expertise is valued: gaming, professional visualization, datacenter and automotive.8
Table of ContentsSales and Marketing
Our
 sales strategy involves working with end customers and various industry ecosystems through our partner network. Our worldwide sales and marketingstrategy
 is key to achieving our objective of providing markets with our high-performance and efficient GPU, and embedded system-on-a-chip, or SOC, platforms.Our
 sales  and  marketing  teams,  located  across  our  global  markets,  work  closely  with  end  customers  in  each  industry.  Our  partner  network  incorporates  eachindustry's
 respective original equipment manufacturers, or OEMs, original device manufacturers, or ODMs, system builders, add-in board manufacturers, or AIBs,retailers/distributors, and i
ndustry trendsetters.Our end customers and
 partner network are leveraged to integrate product features, performance, price and timing of new products for our platforms. Membersof our
 sales team have a high level of technical expertise and product and industry knowledge to support the competitive and complex design win process. We alsoemploy
 a  highly  skilled  team  of  application  engineers  to  assist  our  partner  network  in  designing,  testing  and  qualifying  system  designs  that  incorporate  ourplatforms.
 We believe that the depth and quality of our design support are keys to improving our partner network’s time-to-market, maintaining a high level ofcustomer
 satisfaction and fostering relationships that encourage our end customers and partner network to use the next generation of our products within eachplatform.
As a
 result of our partner network strategy, a small number of customers within that network represent the majority of our sold to revenue. Sales to ASUSTeKComputer Inc. accounted for 
12% of our total revenue for fiscal year 2017 . To
 encourage software title developers and publishers to develop games optimized for platforms utilizing our products, and enterprise applications optimizedfor
 our GPUs, we seek to establish and maintain strong relationships in the software development community. Engineering and marketing personnel interact withand
 visit key software developers to promote and discuss our platforms, as well as to ascertain individual product requirements and solve technical problems. Ourdeveloper
 program  makes  certain  that  our  products  are  available  to  developers  prior  to  volume  availability  in  order  to  encourage  the  development  of  AIframeworks, SDKs, and APIs for software applic
ations and game titles that are optimized for our platforms.As NVIDIA’s business has evolved
 from a focus primarily on gaming products to broader markets, and from chips to platforms and complete systems, so, too,have
 our avenues to market.  Thus, in addition  to sales  to customers  in our partner  network, certain  of our platforms  are  also sold through e-tail  channels andthrough some of the world’s larg
est retailers.Backlog
Our sales are primarily
 made pursuant to standard purchase orders. The quantity of products purchased by our customers as well as our shipment schedules aresubject to
 revisions that reflect changes in both the customers' requirements and in manufacturing availability. Our industry is characterized by relatively short leadtime
 orders and delivery schedules, thus, we believe that only a small portion of our backlog is non-cancelable and that the dollar amount associated with the non-cancelable portion is no
t significant.Seasonality
Our
 GPU and Tegra processor platforms serve many markets from consumer PC gaming to enterprise workstations to government and service provider clouddatacenters;
 however, a majority of our revenue stems from the consumer industry. Our consumer products have typically seen stronger revenue in the second halfof our fiscal year. However, th
ere can be no assurance that this trend will continue.9
Table of ContentsManufacturing
We
 do not directly manufacture semiconductor wafers used for our products. Instead, we utilize what is known as a fabless manufacturing strategy, wherebywe
 employ world-class suppliers for all phases of the manufacturing process, including wafer fabrication, assembly, testing, and packaging. This strategy uses theexpertise of
 industry-leading suppliers that are certified by the International Organization for Standardization in such areas as fabrication, assembly, quality controland
 assurance, reliability and testing. In addition, this strategy allows us to avoid many of the significant costs and risks associated with owning and operatingmanufacturing
 operations.  While  we  may  directly  procure  certain  raw  materials  used  in  the  production  of  our  products,  such  as  substrates  and  a  variety  ofcomponents, our suppliers are respon
sible for procurement of the majority of the raw materials used in the production of our products. As a result, we can focus ourresources on product design, addi
tional quality assurance, marketing, and customer support.We
 utilize  industry-leading  suppliers,  such  as Taiwan  Semiconductor  Manufacturing  Company  Limited  and  Samsung Electronics  Co. Ltd,  to produce  oursemiconductor
 wafers. We then utilize independent subcontractors, such as Advanced Semiconductor Engineering, Inc., BYD Auto Co. Ltd., Hon Hai PrecisionIndustry
 Co.,  Ltd.,  JSI  Logistics  Ltd.,  King  Yuan  Electronics  Co.,  Ltd.  and  Siliconware  Precision  Industries  Company  Ltd.  to  perform  assembly,  testing,  andpackaging
 of  most  of  our  products  and  platforms.  We  purchase  substrates  from  IbidenCo.  Ltd.,  Nanya  Technology  Corporation,  and  Unimicron  TechnologyCorporation, and memory from Sa
msung Semiconductor, Inc. and SK Hynix.We
 typically  receive  semiconductor  products  from  our  subcontractors,  perform  incoming  quality  assurance  and  then  ship  the  semiconductors  to  contractequipment
 manufacturers, or CEMs, distributors, motherboard and AIB customers from our third-party warehouse in Hong Kong. Generally, these manufacturersassemble
 and test the boards based on our design kit and test specifications, and then ship our products to retailers, system builders or OEMs as motherboard andAIB solutions.
We
 also utilize industry-leading contract manufacturers, or CMs, such as BYD Auto Co. Ltd. and Quanta Computer, to manufacture some of our products forsale
 directly to end customers. In those cases, key elements such as the GPU, SOC and memory are often consigned by us to the CMs, who are responsible for theprocurement of other co
mponents used in the production process.Working Capital
We
 focus considerable attention on managing our inventories and other working-capital-related items. We manage inventories by communicating with ourcustomers
 and partners and then using our industry experience to forecast demand on a platform-by-platform basis. We then place manufacturing orders for ourproducts
 that are based on forecasted demand. The quantity of products actually purchased by our customers as well as shipment schedules are subject to revisionsthat
 reflect changes in both the customers' requirements and in manufacturing availability. We generally maintain substantial inventories of our products becausethe semiconductor industry is characterized by short lead time orders and quick delivery sched
ules. A substantial amount of our inventories are maintained as semi-finished products that can b
e leveraged across a wide range of our processors to balance our customer demands.Our
 existing cash and marketable securities balances increased by 35% to $6.80 billion at  the end of fiscal year 2017 compared  with the end of fiscal year2016 
.  We believe that our existing cash balances and anticipated cash flows from operations will be sufficient to meet our operating requirements for at least thenext twelve months.
10
Table of ContentsResearch and Development
 
We
 believe that the continued introduction of new and enhanced products designed to deliver leading visual computing technology is essential to our futuresuccess.
 Our research and development strategy is to focus on concurrently developing multiple generations of GPUs and Tegra Processors, including GPUs forhigh-performance
 computing, and Tegra SOCs for SHIELD and other embedded products using independent design teams. Our research and development effortsinclude software enginee
ring, hardware engineering, very large scale integration design engineering, process engineering, architecture and algorithms.A
 critical  component  of  our  product  development  effort  is  our  partnerships  with  industry  leaders.  We  invest  significant  resources  in  the  development  ofrelationships
 with industry leaders, often assisting these companies in the product definition of their new products. We believe that forming these relationships andutilizing
 next-generation  development  tools  to  design,  simulate  and  verify  our  products  will  help  us  remain  at  the  forefront  of  visual  computing  and  developproducts
 that  utilize  leading-edge  technology  on  a  rapid  basis.  We  believe  in  leveraging  our  significant  research  and  development  depth  and  scale  to  createdifferentiated products.
As
 of January  29, 2017 ,  we had 7,282 full-time  employees engaged in research and development. During fiscal years 2017 , 2016 and 2015 ,  we incurredresearch and developmen
t expenses of $1.46 billion , $1.33 billion , and $ 1.36 billion , respectively. Competition
 
The
 market for our products is intensely competitive and is characterized by rapid technological change and evolving industry standards. We believe that theprincipal
 competitive factors in this market are performance, breadth of product offerings, access to customers and partners and distribution channels, softwaresupport, conformity
 to industry standard Application Programming Interfaces, manufacturing capabilities, processor pricing and total system costs. We believe thatour ability to remain competitive will
 depend on how well we are able to anticipate the features and functions that customers and partners will demand and whetherwe
 are able to deliver consistent volumes of our products at acceptable levels of quality and at competitive prices. We expect competition to increase from bothexisting
 competitors  and  new  market  entrants  with  products  that  may  be  less  costly  than  ours,  or  may  provide  better  performance  or  additional  features  notprovided by our products. In addition, 
it is possible that new competitors or alliances among competitors could emerge and acquire significant market share.A
 significant  source  of  competition  comes  from  companies  that  provide  or  intend  to  provide  GPUs,  embedded  SOCs,  and  accelerated  and  AI  computingprocessor
 products. Some of our competitors may have greater marketing, financial, distribution and manufacturing resources than we do and may be more able toadapt to customer or te
chnological changes. 
Our current competitors 
include:•
suppliers of or licensors of discrete and integrated GPUs and accelerated computing processing solutions, including chipsets that incorporate 3D graphicsfunctionality
 as part of their existing solutions, such as Advanced Micro Devices, or AMD, ARM Holdings plc, Imagination Technologies Group plc,Intel Corporation, or Inte
l, and Xilinx, Inc.; and•
suppliers of SOC products that are embedded into automobiles and smart devices such as televisions, monitors, set-top boxes, and gaming devices, such asAmbarella,
 Inc.,  AMD,  Apple,  Inc.,  Broadcom  Ltd.,  Intel,  Mobileye  N.V.,  Qualcomm  Incorporated,  Renesas  Electronics  Corporation,  Samsung,  andTexas Instruments Incorpor
ated.11
Table of ContentsPatents and Proprietary Rights
We
 rely primarily on a combination of patents, trademarks, trade secrets, employee and third-party nondisclosure agreements and licensing arrangements toprotect
 our  intellectual  property  in  the  United  States  and  internationally.  Our  currently  issued  patents  have  expiration  dates  from  March  2017  to  November2035.
 We  have  numerous  patents  issued,  allowed  and  pending  in  the  United  States  and  in  foreign  jurisdictions.  Our  patents  and  pending  patent  applicationsprimarily
 relate to our products and the technology used in connection with our products. We also rely on international treaties, organizations and foreign laws toprotect
 our intellectual property. The laws of certain foreign countries in which our products are or may be manufactured or sold, including various countries inAsia, may not protect our produc
ts or intellectual property rights to the same extent as the laws of the United States. This decreased protection makes the possibilityof
 piracy  of  our  technology  and  products  more  likely.  We  continuously  assess  whether  and  where  to  seek  formal  protection  for  particular  innovations  andtechnologies based on such fac
tors as:• 
the location in which our produc ts are manufactured;• 
our strategic technology o r product directions in different countries;• 
the degree to which intel lectual property laws exist and are meaningfully enforced in different jurisdictions; and• 
the commercial sign ificance of our operations and our competitors' operations in particular countries and regions.We
 have also licensed technology from third parties for incorporation in some of our products and for defensive reasons, and expect to continue to enter intosuch license agreements.
Employees
 
As
 of January  29, 2017 ,  we had 10,299 employees, 7,282 of  whom were engaged in research and development and 3,017 of  whom were engaged in sales,marketing, operations and 
administrative positions.Environmental Regulatory Compliance
To date, we have 
not incurred significant expenses related to environmental regulatory compliance matters.Financial Information by Reporting Segment and Geographic Data
The information included 
in Note 16 of the  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part IV, Item 15 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, includingfinancial
 information by reportable segment and revenue and long-lived assets by geographic region, is hereby incorporated by reference. For additional detailregarding
 the risks attendant to our foreign operations see “Item 1A. Risk Factors - Risks Related to Our Business, Industry and Partners - We  are subject to risksand uncertainties associated with 
international operations which may harm our business. ” Executive Officers of the Reg
istrantThe following sets forth cer
tain information regarding our executive officers, their ages and positions as of February 24, 2017 : Name
 Age Position Jen-Hsun Huang
 54  President, Chief Executive Officer and DirectorColette M. Kress
 49  Executive Vice President and Chief Financial OfficerAjay K. Puri
 62  Executive Vice President, Worldwide Field OperationsDebora Shoquist
 62  Executive Vice President, OperationsTimothy S. Teter
 50  Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary 
Jen-Hsun
 Huang co-founded  NVIDIA in 1993 and has served as its President, Chief Executive Officer  and a member of the Board of Directors  since itsinception. From 1985 to 1993, Mr. Huang was employed 
at LSI Logic Corporation, a computer chip manufacturer, where he held a variety of positions including asDirector of Coreware, the busin
ess unit responsible for LSI's “system-on-chip”. From 1983 to 1985, Mr. Huang was a microprocessor designer for Advanced MicroDevices, Inc., a semiconducto
r company. Mr. Huang holds a B.S.E.E. degree from Oregon State University and an M.S.E.E. degree from Stanford University.12
Table of ContentsColette M. Kress 
joined NVIDIA in 2013 as Executive Vice Preside nt and Chief Financial Officer. Prior to NVIDIA, Ms. Kress most recently served as SeniorVice
 President  and  Chief  Financial  Officer  of  the  Business  Technology  and  Operations  Finance  organization  at  Cisco  Systems,  Inc.,  a  networking  equipmentcompany,
 since  2010.  At  Cisco,  Ms.  Kress  was  responsible  for  financial  strategy,  planning,  reporting  and  business  development  for  all  business  segments,engineering
 and operations. From 1997 to 2010 Ms. Kress held a variety of positions at Microsoft Corporation, a software company, including, beginning in 2006,Chief Financial
 Officer of the Server and Tools division, where Ms. Kress was responsible for financial strategy, planning, reporting and business development forthe
 division. Prior to joining Microsoft, Ms. Kress spent eight years at Texas Instruments Incorporated, a semiconductor company, where she held a variety offinance positions. Ms. Kress holds a B.S. degre
e in Finance from University of Arizona and an M.B.A. degree from Southern Methodist University.Ajay
 K. Puri joined  NVIDIA in 2005 as Senior Vice President, Worldwide Sales and became Executive Vice President, Worldwide Field Operations in 2009.Prior
 to NVIDIA, he held positions in sales, marketing, and general management over a 22-year career at Sun Microsystems, Inc., a computing systems company.Mr.
 Puri  previously  held  marketing,  management  consulting,  and  product  development  positions  at  Hewlett-Packard  Company,  an  information  technologycompany,
 Booz Allen Hamilton Inc., a management and technology consulting company, and Texas Instruments Incorporated. Mr. Puri holds a B.S.E.E. degreefrom the University of Minneso
ta, an M.S.E.E. degree from the California Institute of Technology and an M.B.A. degree from Harvard Business School.  
Debora
 Shoquist joined  NVIDIA in 2007 as Senior Vice President of Operations and in 2009 became Executive Vice President of Operations. Her role hassince expanded with responsibility ad
ded for Facilities in 2013, and for Information Technology in 2015. Prior to NVIDIA, Ms. Shoquist served from 2004 to 2007as
 Executive  Vice President  of Operations at JDS Uniphase Corp., a provider  of communications  test  and measurement  solutions  and optical  products  for thetelecommunications
 industry. She served from 2002 to 2004 as Senior Vice President and General Manager of the Electro-Optics business at Coherent, Inc., amanufacturer
 of commercial and scientific laser equipment. Previously, she worked at Quantum Corp., a data protection company, as President of the PersonalComputer Hard
 Disk Drive Division, and at Hewlett-Packard Corp. Ms. Shoquist holds a B.S. degree in Electrical Engineering from Kansas State University and aB.S. degree in Biology from Santa Clara Univ
ersity.Timothy
 S. Teter joined  NVIDIA in January 2017 as Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary. Prior to NVIDIA, Mr. Teter spent more than twodecades
 at the law firm of Cooley LLP. He was most recently a partner at Cooley, where he focused on litigating patent and technology related matters. Prior toattending
 law school, he worked as an engineer at Lockheed Missiles and Space Company. Mr. Teter holds a B.S. degree in Mechanical Engineering from theUniversity of California a
t Davis and a J.D. degree from Stanford Law School.Available Information
 
Our
 annual  reports  on  Form  10-K,  quarterly  reports  on  Form  10-Q,  current  reports  on  Form  8-K  and,  if  applicable,  amendments  to  those  reports  filed  orfurnished
 pursuant  to  Section  13(a)  of  the  Securities  Exchange  Act  of  1934,  as  amended,  are  available  free  of  charge  on  or  through  our  web  site,http://www.nvidia.com 
,  as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnish it to, the Securities and Exchange Commission,or the SEC. Our web site and the informa
tion on it or connected to it are not a part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.13
Table of ContentsITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS
In
 evaluating NVIDIA and our business, the following factors should be considered in addition to the other information in this Annual Report on Form 10-K.Before you
 buy our common stock, you should know that making such an investment involves risks including, but not limited to, the risks described below. Any oneof
 the following risks could harm our business, financial condition and results of operations, which could cause our stock price to decline. Additional risks, trendsand uncertainties not presentl
y known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also harm our business.Risks Related to Our Business, Industry and Partners
If
 we fail to meet the evolving needs of our markets, identify new products, services or technologies, or successfully compete in our target markets, ourrevenue and financial results will be adverse
ly impacted.NVIDIA-branded
 solutions  and  services  are  visual  computing  and  accelerated  computing  platforms  that  address  four  large  markets:  Gaming,  ProfessionalVisualization,
 Datacenter, and Automotive. Our success depends to a significant extent on our ability to meet the evolving needs of these markets and to enhanceour
 existing products, services and technologies. In addition, our success depends on our ability to identify emerging industry trends and to develop new products,services
 and  technologies.  Our  existing  markets  and  products  and  new  markets  and  products  may  require  a  considerable  investment  of  technical,  financial,compliance,
 sales and marketing resources. We are currently devoting significant resources to the development of technologies and business offerings in marketswhere our operating history is 
less extensive, such as the automotive market.We cannot assure you that our s
trategic direction will result in innovative products and technologies that provide value to our customers and partners. If we failto
 anticipate the changing needs of our target markets and emerging technology trends, or adapt that strategy as market conditions evolve, in a timely manner toexploit
 potential  market  opportunities  our  business  will  be  harmed.  In  addition,  if  demand  for  products  and  services  from  these  growth  markets  is  below  ourexpectations, if we fail to achieve consumer or market acceptance of them or if we are not able to develop these prod
ucts and services in a cost effective or efficientmanner, we may not realize
 benefits from our strategy.Our target
 markets remain extremely competitive, and we expect competition to intensify as current competitors expand their product and/or service offerings,industry
 standards  continue  to  evolve  and  new  competitors  enter  these  markets.  If  we  are  unable  to  successfully  compete  in  our  target  markets,  including  insignificant
 international markets such as China, demand for our products, services and technologies could decrease which would cause our revenue to decline andour
 financial results to suffer. Our competitors’ products, services and technologies may be less costly, or may offer superior functionality or different features,than
 ours. In addition, many of our competitors operate and maintain their own fabrication facilities and have longer operating histories, greater name recognition,larger customer bases, and greater
 financial, sales, marketing and distribution resources than we do. These competitors may be able to more effectively identify andcapitalize
 upon  opportunities  in  new  markets  and  end  user  customer  trends,  quickly  transition  their  semiconductor  products  to  increasingly  smaller  line  widthgeometries
 and obtain sufficient foundry capacity and packaging materials, which could harm our business. If we are unable to successfully compete in our targetmarkets or introduce new of
ferings in light of the competitive environment, our results of operations could suffer.If our products fail to achieve expec
ted manufacturing yields, our financial results could be adversely impacted.Manufacturing
 yields  for  our  products  are  a  function  of  product  design,  which  is  developed  largely  by  us,  and  process  technology,  which  typically  isproprietary
 to the foundry. Low yields may result from either product design or process technology failure. We do not know whether a yield problem will existuntil
 our design is actually manufactured by the foundry. As a result, yield problems may not be identified until well into the manufacturing process and require usand
 the foundry to cooperate to resolve the problem. Because of our potentially limited access to wafer foundry capacity, any decrease in manufacturing yieldscould
 result in higher manufacturing costs and require us to allocate our available product supply among our customers and partners. Lower than expected yieldscould harm customer or pa
rtner relationships and our financial results.14
Table of ContentsSystem
 security  and  data  protection  breaches,  as  well  as  cyber-attacks,  could  disrupt  our  operations,  reduce  our  expected  revenue  and  increase  ourexpenses, which could adversely affect our sto
ck price and damage our reputation.Security
 breaches, computer malware and cyber-attacks have become more prevalent and sophisticated in recent years. These attacks have occurred on oursystems
 in the past and are expected to occur in the future. Experienced computer programmers, hackers and employees may be able to penetrate our securitycontrols
 and misappropriate or compromise our confidential information, or that of our employees or third parties. These attacks may create system disruptions orcause
 shutdowns. These hackers may also develop and deploy viruses, worms and other  malicious  software programs  that attack  or otherwise  exploit securityvulnerabilities in our products, including
 consumer and automotive products, where we utilize over-the-air updates to improve functionality over time. For portionsof
 our IT infrastructure, including business management and communication software products, we rely on products and services provided by third parties. Theseproviders
 may also experience breaches and attacks to their products which may impact our systems. Data security breaches may also result from non-technicalmeans, such as actions by an emp
loyee with access to our systems.Actual
 or perceived breaches of our security measures or the accidental loss, inadvertent disclosure or unapproved dissemination of proprietary information orsensitive
 or confidential data about us, our partners, our customers or third parties could expose the parties affected to a risk of loss, or misuse of this information,resulting
 in  litigation  and  potential  liability,  damage  to  our  brand  and  reputation  or  other  harm  to  our  business.  Our  efforts  to  prevent  and  overcome  thesechallenges
 could increase our expenses and may not be successful. We may experience interruptions, delays, cessation of service and loss of existing or potentialcustomers. Such disruptions co
uld adversely impact our ability to fulfill orders and interrupt other critical functions. Delayed sales, lower margins or lost customersas a result of these disrup
tions could adversely affect our financial results, stock price and reputation.If
 our products contain significant defects, we could incur significant expenses to remediate such defects, our reputation could be damaged and we couldlose market share.
Our
 products are complex and may contain defects or experience failures or unsatisfactory performance due to any number of issues in design, fabrication,packaging,
 materials and/or use within a system. Our products are used by a variety of industries, including the automotive industry. Failure of our products toperform
 to specifications, or other product defects, could lead to substantial damage to the products we sell directly to customers, the end product in which ourdevice
 has been integrated by OEMs, ODMs, AIBs and Tier 1 automotive suppliers, and to the user of such end product. Any such defect may cause us to incursignificant
 warranty, support and repair or replacement costs, cause us to lose market share, and divert the attention of our engineering personnel from our productdevelopment
 efforts to find and correct the issue. In addition, an error or defect in new products or releases or related software drivers after commencement ofcommercial
 shipments could result in failure to achieve market acceptance or loss of design wins and harm our relationships with customers and partners andconsumers’
 perceptions of our brand. Also, we may be required to reimburse our customers, partners or consumers, including costs to repair or replace products inthe
 field. A product recall, particularly an automotive recall, or a significant number of product returns could be expensive, damage our reputation, result in theshifting
 of business to our competitors and result in litigation against us such as product liability suits. If a product liability claim is brought against us, the cost ofdefending
 the claim could be significant and would divert the efforts of our technical and management personnel, and harm our business. Further, our businessliability insurance may be i
nadequate or future coverage may be unavailable on acceptable terms, which could adversely impact our financial results.If we do not replace our Intel licensing revenues, our financia
l results may be adversely affected.In
 January 2011, we entered into a patent cross licensing agreement under which Intel agreed to pay us an aggregate of $1.50 billion over six years. The final$200
 million payment under this agreement was received in January 2016. We will be recognizing revenue under this agreement through the first quarter of fiscalyear
 2018. If we do not enter into new licensing agreements or if the Intel agreement is not offset by other growth in income our financial results may be adverselyaffected.
15
Table of ContentsWe
 depend on third parties and their technology to manufacture, assemble, test and/or package our products, which reduces our control over productquantity and quality, development, enhancement and product d
elivery schedule and could harm our business . We
 do not manufacture the silicon wafers used for our GPUs and Tegra processors and do not own or operate a wafer fabrication facility. Instead, we aredependent
 on industry-leading foundries, such as Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company Limited and Samsung Electronics Co. Ltd., to manufacture oursemiconductor
 wafers  using  their  fabrication  equipment  and  techniques.  Similarly,  we  do  not  assemble,  test  or  package  our  products,  but  instead  rely  onindependent
 subcontractors, such as Advanced Semiconductor Engineering, Inc., BYD Auto Co., Ltd., Hon Hai Precision Industry Co., Ltd., JSI Logistics, Ltd.,King
 Yuan Electronics Co. and Siliconware Precision Industries Co. Ltd. We do not have long-term commitment contracts with these foundries or subcontractors.As
 a result, we face several significant risks which could have an adverse effect on our ability to meet customer demand and/or negatively impact our businessoperations, gross margin, rev
enue and/or financial results, including:•
a lack of guaranteed supply of wafers and other components and potential higher wafer and component prices due to supply constraints;•
a failure by our foundries to procure raw materials or to provide or allocate adequate manufacturing or test capacity for our products;•
a failure to develop, obtain or successfully implement high quality, leading-edge process technologies, including transitions to smaller geometry processtechnologies such as 16nm FinFET, and memo
ry designs such as CoWoS, needed to manufacture our products profitably or on a timely basis;•
loss of a supplier and additional  expense and/or production delays as a result of qualifying  a new foundry or subcontractor and commencing volumeproduction or testing in the 
event of a loss of or a decision to add or change a supplier;•
a lack of direct control over delivery schedules or product quantity and quality; and•
delays in product shipments, shortages, a decrease in product quality and/or higher expenses in the event our subcontractors or foundries prioritize ourcompetitors’ orders ove
r our orders or otherwise.We
 also rely on third-party software development tools to assist us in the design, simulation and verification of new products or product enhancements, and tobring such new products and enhancem
ents to market in a timely manner. In the past, we have experienced delays in the introduction of products and enhancementsas
 a result  of the inability  of then available  software  development  tools to fully simulate  the complex features  and functionalities  of our products. The designrequirements
 necessary to meet consumer demands for more features and greater functionality from our products may exceed the capabilities of available softwaredevelopment
 tools. If we miss design cycles or lose design wins due to the unavailability of such software development tools, we could lose market share and ourrevenues could decline.
If we fail to achieve design wins for our products, our business will be harm
ed.For
 our products that we do not sell directly to consumers, achieving design wins is an important success factor. Our OEM, ODM, and AIB and motherboardmanufacturers' customers typically introduce new sy
stem configurations as often as twice per year, typically based on spring and fall design cycles or in connectionwith
 trade shows. If OEMs, ODMs, and AIB and motherboard manufacturers do not include our products in their systems, they will typically not use our productsin their systems until a
t least the next design configuration. In order to achieve design wins, we must:• 
anticipate the fe atures and functionality that customers and consumers will demand;•
incorporate those features and functionalities into products that meet the exacting design requirements of our customers; and• 
price our products compet itively.Unanticipated
 changes in industry standards could render our products incompatible with products developed by major hardware manufacturers and softwaredevelopers.
 Further, if our products are not in compliance with prevailing industry standards, our customers may not incorporate our products into their designstrategies.
16
Table of ContentsBusiness disruptions could harm our business, lead to a decline in revenues and increase our costs.
Our
 worldwide  operations  could  be  disrupted  by  earthquakes,  telecommunications  failures,  power  or  water  shortages,  outages  at  cloud  service  providers,tsunamis,
 floods, hurricanes, typhoons, fires, extreme weather conditions, medical epidemics or pandemics and other natural or man-made disasters, catastrophicevents
 or climate change. The occurrence of any of these disruptions could harm our business and result in significant losses, a decline in revenue and an increasein
 our costs and expenses. Any of these business disruptions could require substantial expenditures and recovery time in order to fully resume operations. Ourcorporate
 headquarters, and a portion of our research and development activities, are located in California, and other critical business operations and some of oursuppliers
 are  located  in  Asia,  near  major  earthquake  faults  known  for  seismic  activity.  In  addition,  a  majority  of  our  principal  IT  datacenters  are  located  inCalifornia,
 making our operations vulnerable to natural disasters or other business disruptions occurring in this geographical area. The manufacture of productcomponents,
 the final assembly of our products and other critical operations are concentrated in certain geographic locations, including Taiwan, China and Korea.Our operations
 could be harmed if manufacturing, logistics or other operations in these locations are disrupted for any reason, including natural disasters, high heatevents
 or  water  shortages,  information  technology  system  failures,  military  actions  or  economic,  business,  labor,  environmental,  public  health,  regulatory  orpolitical issues. The ult
imate impact on us, our third-party foundries and other suppliers and our general infrastructure of being located near major earthquake faultsand
 being consolidated in certain geographical areas is unknown. In the event of a major earthquake or other disaster or catastrophic event, our revenue coulddecline and our business may be h
armed.We
 receive  a significant  amount of  our revenue  from a  limited  number  of customers  within our partner network  and our revenue could  be adverselyaffected if we lose any of thes
e customers.We
 receive a significant amount of our revenue from a limited number of customers within our partner network. With several of these partners, we are sellingmultiple
 target market platforms through their channels. As a result, revenue from significant customers, those representing 10% or more of total revenue, was12%, 11%, and 11% of our total revenue from one
 customer in fiscal years 2017, 2016 , and 2015 , respectively. Our  operating results in the foreseeable future willcontinue
 to depend on sales within our partner network, as well as the ability of these partners to sell products that incorporate our GPUs and Tegra processors. Inthe
 future, these partners may decide to purchase fewer products than they did in the past, not to incorporate our products into their ecosystem, or to alter theirpurchasing patterns in some o
ther way, particularly because:•
most of our sales are made on a purchase order basis, which permits our customers to cancel, change or delay product purchase commitments with little orno notice to us and without penalty;
•
our partners may develop their own solutions;•
our customers may purchase products from our competitors; or•
our partners may discontinue sales or lose market share in the markets for which they purchase our products.The
 loss of any of our large customers or a significant reduction in purchases by them would likely harm our financial condition and results of operations, andany difficulties in collecting
 accounts receivable could harm our operating results and financial condition.We
 maintain an allowance for doubtful accounts for estimated losses resulting from the inability of certain of our customers to make required payments andobtain credit insurance
 over the purchasing credit extended to these customers. In the future, we may have to record additional provisions or write-offs and/or deferrevenue
 on certain sales transactions, which could negatively impact our financial results, and we may not be able to acquire credit insurance on the credit weextend to these customers o
r in amounts that we deem sufficient.Our gross margin depends on a number of factors and changes in any of these factors could adverse
ly affect our gross margin.Our
 gross margin for any period depends on a number of factors, including the mix of our products sold, average selling prices, introduction of new productsand
 services, process node transitions, product transitions, sales discounts, pricing actions by our competitors, the cost of product components and the yield ofwafers
 produced by the foundries that manufacture our products. We are focused on improving our gross margin and if we are not able to control or estimate theimpact of the above fa
ctors or other factors we do not foresee, our gross margins may be negatively impacted.17
Table of ContentsIf we fail to estimate custo
mer demand properly, our financial results could be harmed.We
 manufacture our GPUs and Tegra processors based on estimates of customer demand. In order to have shorter shipment lead times and quicker deliveryschedules
 for our customers, we may build inventories for anticipated periods of growth which do not occur, or may build inventory anticipating demand for aproduct
 that does not materialize. In estimating demand, we make multiple assumptions, any of which may prove to be incorrect. Situations that may result inexcess or obsolete inventory 
include:• 
changes in business and economic conditions, including downturns in our target markets and/or overall economy;• 
changes in consumer confiden ce caused by changes in market conditions, including changes in the credit market;• 
a sudden and significant dec rease in demand for our products;• 
a higher incidence of inv entory obsolescence because of rapidly changing technology or customer requirements;• 
our introduction of new products r esulting in lower demand for older products;• 
less demand than expected for newly-introduced products; or• 
increased competit ion, including competitive pricing actions.In
 addition,  the  cancellation  or  deferral  of  customer  purchase  orders  could  result  in  our  holding  excess  inventory,  which  could  adversely  affect  our  grossmargins.
 In addition, because we often sell a substantial portion of our products in the last month of each quarter, we may not be able to reduce our inventorypurchase
 commitments in a timely manner in response to customer cancellations or deferrals. We could be required to write-down our inventory to the lower ofcost or
 market or write-off excess inventory, and we could experience a reduction in average selling prices if we incorrectly forecast product demand, any of whichcould harm our financia
l results.Conversely,
 if  we  underestimate  our  customers'  demand  for  our  products,  our  foundry  partners  may  not  have  adequate  lead-time  or  capacity  to  increaseproduction
 and we may not be able to obtain sufficient inventory to fill customers' orders on a timely basis. Even if we are able to increase production levels tomeet
 customer demand, we may not be able to do so in a cost-effective or timely manner. If we fail to fulfill our customers' orders on a timely basis, or at all, ourcustomer relationships 
could be damaged, we could lose revenue and market share and our reputation could be damaged.We are subject to risks and uncertainties associa
ted with international operations which may harm our business.We
 conduct  our  business  worldwide  and  we  have  offices  in  various  countries  outside  of  the  United  States.  Our  semiconductor  wafers  are  manufactured,assembled,
 tested and packaged by third parties located outside of the United States and Other Americas. We also generate a significant portion of our revenuefrom sales to customers ou
tside the United States and Other Americas. Revenue from sales to customers outside of the United States and Other Americas accountedfor
  80% , 79% and 75% of  total revenue for fiscal years 2017 ,   2016 and   2015 ,  respectively. The global nature of our business subjects us to a number of risksand uncertainties, inc
luding:•
international economic and political conditions, such as political tensions between countries in which we do business;•
unexpected changes in, or impositions of, legislative or regulatory requirements;  •
differing legal standards with respect to protection of intellectual property and employment practices;•
local business and cultural factors that differ from our normal standards and practices, including business practices that we are prohibited from engagingin by the Foreign Corrupt Practic
es Act and other anticorruption laws and regulations;•
exporting or importing issues related to export or import restrictions, tariffs, quotas and other trade barriers and restrictions; •
financial risks such as longer payment cycles, difficulty in collecting accounts receivable and foreign exchange rate fluctuations; and•
increased costs due to imposition of climate change regulations, such as carbon taxes, fuel or energy taxes, and pollution limits.If sales to any of our customers outside of the United States and Ot
her Americas are delayed or cancelled because of any of the above factors, our revenue maybe negatively impacted.
18
Table of ContentsWe
 may not  be able to realize  the  potential  financial  or strategic  benefits  of business acquisitions  or strategic  investments  and we may not  be able tosuccessfully integrate acquisit
ion targets, which could hurt our ability to grow our business, develop new products or sell our products.We have in the
 past acquired and invested in, and may continue to acquire and invest in, other businesses that offer products, services and technologies that webelieve
 will help expand or enhance our existing products and business. Any of the following risks associated with past or future acquisitions or investments couldimpair
 our ability to grow our business, develop new products or sell our products, and ultimately could have a negative impact on our growth or our financialresults:
•
difficulty in combining the technology, products, operations or workforce of the acquired business with our business;•
diversion of capital and other resources, including management's attention;•
assumption of liabilities;•
incurring amortization expenses, impairment charges to goodwill or write-downs of acquired assets;•
potential failure of our due diligence processes to identify significant issues with product quality, architecture and development, or legal and financialcontingencies, among other 
things; and•
impairment of relationships with, or loss of our or our target’s, employees, vendors and customers, as a result of our acquisition or investment.Risks Related to Regulatory, Legal, Our Common Stock and Other Matters
Actions
 to adequately protect our intellectual property rights could result in substantial costs to us and our ability to compete could be harmed if we areunsuccessful in doing so or if we are prohibited from making or sel
ling our products.We
 have  in  the  past,  currently  are,  and  may  in  the  future  become  involved  in  lawsuits  or  other  legal  proceedings  alleging  patent  infringement  or  otherintellectual property rights
 violations by us, our employees or parties that we have agreed to indemnify for certain claims of infringement. An unfavorable ruling inany
 such  intellectual  property  related  litigation  could  include  significant  damages,  invalidation  of  a  patent  or  family  of  patents,  indemnification  of  customers,payment of lost profits, or, when 
it has been sought, injunctive relief.We
 may  commence  litigation  or  other  legal  proceedings  in  order  to  protect  our  intellectual  property  rights.  Such  proceedings  may  increase  our  operatingexpenses, which
 could negatively impact our operating results. Further, we could be subject to countersuits as a result of our initiation of litigation. If infringementclaims
 are made against us or our products are found to infringe a third party’s patent or intellectual property, we or one of our indemnitees may have to seek alicense to the third pa
rty’s patent or other intellectual property rights. However, we may not be able to obtain licenses at all or on terms acceptable to us particularlyfrom
 our competitors. If we or one of our indemnitees is unable to obtain a license from a third party for technology that we use or that is used in one of ourproducts,
 we could be subject to substantial liabilities or have to suspend or discontinue the manufacture and sale of one or more of our products. We may alsohave
 to make royalty or other payments, or cross license our technology. If these arrangements are not concluded on commercially reasonable terms, our businesscould
 be negatively impacted. Furthermore, the indemnification of a customer or other indemnitee may increase our operating expenses which could negativelyimpact our operating r
esults.We
 rely primarily on a combination of patents, trademarks, trade secrets, employee and third-party nondisclosure agreements, licensing arrangements, and thelaws of
 the countries in which we operate to protect our intellectual property in the United States and internationally. The laws of certain foreign countries may notprotect
 our products or intellectual property rights to the same extent as the laws of the United States. This makes the possibility of piracy of our technology andproducts more likely. We 
continuously assess whether and where to seek formal protection for existing and new innovations and technologies, but cannot be certainwhether our applications fo
r such protections will be approved, and, if approved, whether we will be able to enforce such protections.19
Table of ContentsOur
 operating results have in the past fluctuated and may in the future fluctuate, and if our operating results are below the expectations of securitiesanalysts or investors, our stock price could dec
line.Our
 operating results have in the past fluctuated and may in the future continue to fluctuate due to numerous factors. For example, our operating expensesrepresent
 a  significant  portion  of  total  revenue  and  are  largely  independent  of  revenue  in  any  particular  period.  In  particular,  our  research  and  developmentexpenses
 reflect multi-year programs for the development of new products and enhancements that will not result in revenue, if any, until future periods. Therefore,investors should not rely on quart
erly comparisons of our results of operations as an indication of our future performance.Factors that could affe
ct our results of operations in the future include:•
demand and market acceptance for our products and services and/or our customers’ products;•
the successful development and volume production of our next-generation products;•
our inability to adjust spending to offset revenue shortfalls due to the multi-year development cycle for some of our products and services;•
new product and service announcements or product and service introductions by our competitors;•
our introduction of new products in accordance with OEMs’ design requirements and design cycles;•
changes in the timing of product orders due to unexpected delays in the introduction of our customers’ products;•
the level of growth or decline of the PC industry in general;•
seasonal fluctuations associated with the PC and consumer products market;•
contraction in automotive and consumer end-market demand due to adverse regional or worldwide economic conditions;•
slower than expected growth of demand for new technologies;•
fluctuations in the availability of manufacturing capacity or manufacturing yields;•
our ability to reduce the manufacturing costs of our products;•
competitive pressures resulting in lower than expected average selling prices;•
product rates of return in excess of that forecasted or expected due to quality issues;•
rescheduling or cancellation of customer orders;•
the loss of a significant customer;•
substantial disruption in the operations of our foundries or other third-party subcontractors, as a result of a natural disaster, equipment failure, terrorism orother causes;
•
supply constraints for and changes in the cost of the other components incorporated into our customers’ products, including memory devices;•
costs associated with the repair and replacement of defective products;•
unexpected inventory write-downs or write-offs;•
legal and other costs related to defending intellectual property and other types of lawsuits;•
availability of software and technology licenses at commercially reasonable terms for the continued sale or development of new products;•
customer bad debt write-offs;•
changes  in  our  effective  tax  rate  as  a  result  of  changes  in  the  mix  of  earnings  in  countries  with  differing  statutory  tax  rates,  applicable  tax  laws  orinterpretations of t
ax laws;•
any unanticipated costs associated with environmental liabilities;•
unexpected costs related to our ownership of real property;•
costs to comply with new government regulations and regulatory enforcement actions;•
costs to maintain effective internal control over financial reporting;•
changes in financial accounting standards or interpretations of existing standards; and•
general macroeconomic events and factors affecting the overall semiconductor industry and our target markets.Any
 one  or  more  of  the  factors  discussed  above  could  prevent  us  from  achieving  our  expected  future  financial  results.  Any  such  failure  to  meet  ourexpectations or the
 expectations of our investors or security analysts could cause our stock price to decline or experience substantial price volatility and, as a result,investors may suffer losses.
In
 the past, securities class action litigation has often been brought against a company following periods of volatility in the market price of its securities. Wehave been
 in the past, and may be in the future, the target of securities litigation. Such lawsuits generally result in the diversion of management's time and attentionaway from
 business operations, which could harm our business. In addition, the costs of defense and any damages resulting from litigation, a ruling against us, or asettlement of the l
itigation could adversely affect our cash flow and financial results.20
Table of ContentsPrivacy
 concerns relating to our products and services could damage our reputation and deter current and potential users from using our products andservices.
Our products
 and services may provide us with access to sensitive, confidential or personal data or information that is subject to privacy and security laws andregulations.
 Concerns  about  our  practices  with  regard  to  the  collection,  use,  retention,  security  or  disclosure  of  personal  information  or  other  privacy-relatedmatters, even if unfounded, 
could damage our reputation and adversely affect our operating results.Worldwide
 regulatory authorities are considering various legislative proposals concerning data protection. In addition, the interpretation and application ofconsumer and
 data protection laws in the United States, Europe and elsewhere are often uncertain and fluid, and may be interpreted and applied in a manner that isinconsistent
 with our data practices. If so, we may be ordered to change our data practices and/or be fined. Complying with these changing laws could cause us toincur substantial costs, which 
could have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations.We are subject to risks associated with de
velopment and construction of our headquarters building under an operating lease financing arrangement.In
 fiscal year 2016, we began to construct a new headquarters building in Santa Clara, California, which is currently targeted for completion in the fourthquarter
 of fiscal year 2018. We may encounter unanticipated occurrences or conditions during construction that may increase the expense of the project. We mayalso
 encounter  unanticipated  delays  in  the  construction  of  the  new  building  and  final  city  approval  for  occupancy  may  be  delayed.  We  are  financing  thisconstruction under an opera
ting lease arrangement described below. Delays and cost overruns during construction could result in a default under the operating leasefinancing arrangemen
t which could result in liabilities and expenses and could harm our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations.Additionally,
 any such difficulties could result in our default under the operative agreements entered into with a syndicate of banks that are participants to theoperating lease financing arrangement to
 finance development and construction of our headquarters. We have pledged our assets that relate to the new headquartersbuilding
 in order to secure our obligations under the operating lease financing arrangement. We will need to maintain compliance with the requirements governingsuch
 agreements, including compliance with financial and other covenants, certain of which may be subject to events outside of our control. If we fail to complywith
 the covenants, we may be unable to obtain or utilize all or a portion of the financing contemplated by the operating lease financing arrangement. Further,noncompliance with such covena
nts or other event of default could lead to a termination of our lease of the property, and the lenders could have the right to, amongother
 things, foreclose on the collateral for our obligations under the operating lease financing arrangement. A loss of financing for the new headquarters buildingor foreclosure on the col
lateral could adversely affect our liquidity and business.Our indebtedness could adversely affect our f
inancial position and prevent us from implementing our strategy or fulfilling our contractual obligations.In
 September 2016, we issued $1.00 billion of 2.20% notes due September 16, 2021, or the Notes Due 2021, and $1.00 billion of 3.20% notes due September16,
 2026, or the Notes Due 2026 (collectively, the Notes). In December 2013, we issued $1.50 billion of 1.00% convertible senior notes due December 1, 2018, orthe Convertible Notes, of which $827 mi
llion in principal amount remained outstanding as of January 29, 2017. We have received additional conversion requests of$660
 million in  principal amount, $502  million of  which have already settled, $103 million of which are expected to settle during the first quarter of fiscal year2018, and $55 million of which are exp
ected to settle during the second quarter of fiscal year 2018.Our
 indebtedness may limit our ability to use our cash flow or borrow additional funds for working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions and generalcorporate
 and other purposes. Additionally, our obligation to make payments related to the Notes or the Convertible Notes could impact our cash balance and limitour
 ability to use our cash for our capital return program and our other liquidity needs, including working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions, investmentsand other general corpor
ate purposes.21
Table of ContentsThe
 warrants  associated  with  our  Convertible  Notes,  or  the  Warrants,  dilute  our  net  income  per  share  and  the  settlement  or  eventual  exercise  of  theWarrants would dilute the ownership interest of our existing shareholders.
When
 the average trading price of our common stock for a fiscal quarter exceeds the adjusted strike price of the Warrants, the number of diluted weightedaverage shares used in our ne
t income per share calculation increases, which dilutes our net income per share.Any
 issuance  by  us  of  shares  upon  exercise  or  any  other  settlement  of  the  Warrants  may  dilute  the  ownership  interest  of  our  existing  shareholders.  InDecember
 2016, we entered into an agreement with a counterparty bank to terminate 63 million of the 75 million Warrants outstanding. In consideration for thetermination
 of these Warrants, we delivered a total of 48 million shares of common stock to the counterparty bank, the amount of which was determined each daybased
 on the daily volume-weighted average price of our common stock during an observation period beginning December 13, 2016 and ending January 31, 2017.As
 of January 29, 2017, 44 million of the 48 million shares of our common stock had been issued related to the terminated Warrants. The remaining 4 millionshares were issued in the beginn
ing of fiscal year 2018.An aggregate of 12 million Warrants remained outstanding, or the Remaini
ng Warrants, as of January 29, 2017. The Remaining Warrants will be deemed to beautomatically exe
rcised on certain dates between March 2019 and June 2019, unless the Warrant holder notifies us otherwise.Delaware
 law  and  provisions  in  our  certificate  of  incorporation,  our  bylaws  and  our  agreement  with  Microsoft  Corporation  could  delay  or  prevent  achange in control.
Our status as a Delaware corporation and the anti-takeover provision
s of the Delaware General Corporation Law may discourage, delay, or prevent a change incontrol
 by prohibiting us from engaging in a business combination with an interested shareholder for a period of three years after the person becomes an interestedshareholder, even if
 a change of control would be beneficial to our existing shareholders. In addition, our certificate of incorporation and bylaws contain provisionsthat could make it mor
e difficult for a third party to acquire a majority of our outstanding voting stock. These provisions include the following:• 
the ability of our Board of Dir ectors to create and issue preferred stock without prior shareholder approval;• 
the prohibition of sharehold er action by written consent;• 
advance notice requir ements for director nominations and shareholder proposals;• 
the ability of our Board of Dir ectors to increase or decrease the number of directors without shareholder approval;• 
a super-majority voting requirement to amend some provisions in our certificate of incorporation and bylaws;• 
the inability of our s hareholders to call special meetings of shareholders; and• 
the ability of our Board of Dir ectors to make, amend or repeal our bylaws.On
 March 5, 2000, we entered into an agreement with Microsoft in which we agreed to develop and sell graphics chips and to license certain technology toMicrosoft and its licensees for use in the Xbox. U
nder the agreement, if an individual or corporation makes an offer to purchase shares equal to or greater than 30%of
 the outstanding shares of our common stock, Microsoft may have first and last rights of refusal to purchase the stock. The Microsoft provision and the otherfactors
 listed above could also delay or prevent a change in control of NVIDIA. These provisions could also discourage proxy contests and make it more difficultfor shareholders to ele
ct directors of their choosing and to cause us to take other corporate actions they desire.22
Table of ContentsITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF
 COMMENTS 
Not applicable.
 
ITEM 2. PROPERTIES
Our
 headquarters complex is located in Santa Clara, California. It includes eight leased commercial buildings totaling 896,565 square  feet, and real propertythat
 we own, which consists of six commercial buildings on 36 acres of land. During fiscal year 2016, we began to construct a new headquarters building in SantaClara,
 California, which is currently targeted for completion in the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2018. In addition, we also lease datacenter space in Santa Clara,California.
Outside
 of Santa Clara, California, we lease facilities in Austin, Texas and a number of regional facilities in other U.S. locations, that are used as research anddevelopment
 centers and/or sales and administrative offices. Outside of the United States, we own a building in Hyderabad, India, that is being used primarily as aresearch
 and development center. We also lease facilities in various international locations that are used as research and development centers and/or sales andadministrative offices. These
 leased facilities are located primarily in Asia and Europe.We
 believe that we currently have sufficient facilities to conduct our operations for the next twelve months. For additional information regarding obligationsunder
 leases, see Note  12 of  the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part IV, Item 15 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K under the subheading“Lease Obligations,” which info
rmation is hereby incorporated by reference.ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS
 
Please
 see Note 12 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part IV, Item 15 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for a discussion of our legalproceedings.
ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY
 DISCLOSURESNot Applicable.
23
Table of ContentsPART II
ITEM
 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT’S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITYSECURITIES
 
Our common stock is traded on the NASDAQ Global Select M
arket under the symbol NVDA. Public trading of our common stock began on January 22, 1999.Prior
 to that, there was no public market for our common stock. As of February 24, 2017, we had approximately 323 registered shareholders, not including thoseshares
 held in street or nominee name. The following table sets forth for the periods indicated the high and low sales price for our common stock as quoted on theNASDAQ Global Select Market:
 
High  Low Fiscal year ending January 28, 2018
   First Quarter (through February 24, 2017)
$ 120.92  $95.70 Fiscal year ended January 29, 2017
   Fourth Quarter
$ 119.93  $66.58 Third Quarter
$ 72.95  $55.50 Second Quarter
$ 57.25  $34.40 First Quarter
$ 37.46  $24.75 Fiscal year ended January 31, 2016
   Fourth Quarter
$ 33.94  $26.45 Third Quarter
$ 28.78  $19.09 Second Quarter
$ 22.88  $19.16 First Quarter
$ 23.61  $18.94 Dividend Policy 
 On November 10, 2016, we increased our quart
erly cash dividend from $0.115 per share, or $0.46 on an annual basis, to $0.14 per share, or $0.56 on an annualbasis. In fiscal years 
2017 and 2016 , we paid $261 million and $213 million , respectively, in cash div idends to our common shareholders.Our
 cash  dividend  program  and  the  payment  of  future  cash  dividends  under  the  program  are  subject  to  continued  capital  availability  and  our  Board  ofDirectors'
 continuing determination that the dividend program and the declaration of dividends thereunder are in the best interests of our shareholders and are incompliance with
 all laws and agreements of NVIDIA applicable to the declaration and payment of cash dividends. In calendar year 2016 , based upon our earnings and
 profits,  60% of our dividend  payments were considered  to be a return  of capital  for U.S. federal  income tax purposes. It is possible that a portion  of ourdividend payments in future 
calendar years may continue to be considered a return of capital for U.S. federal income tax purposes.Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities
Beginning
 August 2004, our Board of Directors authorized us, subject to certain specifications, to repurchase shares of our common stock. On November 7,2016, the Board authorized an addi
tional  $2.00 billion  under our repurchase progra m and extended it through December 2020.Through 
January 29, 2017 , we have repurchased an aggreg ate of  245 million  shares under our share repur chase program for a total cost of  $4.59 billion . All shares
 delivered from these repurchases have been placed into treasury stock. As of January  29, 2017 ,  we were authorized, subject to certain specifications, torepurchase
 additional shares of our common stock up to  $2.73  billion  through  December 2020. For fiscal year 2018, we intend to return $1.25  billion to  ourshareholders through ongoing quart
erly cash dividends and share repurchases.24
Table of ContentsThe
 repurchases can be made in the open market, in privately negotiated transactions, or in structured share repurchase programs, and can be made in one ormore
 larger  repurchases,  in  compliance  with  Rule  10b-18  of  the  Securities  Exchange  Act  of  1934,  as  amended,  subject  to  market  conditions,  applicable  legalrequirements,
 and other factors. The program does not obligate NVIDIA to acquire any particular amount of common stock and the program may be suspended atany
 time  at  our  discretion.  As  part  of  our  share  repurchase  program,  we  have  entered  into,  and  we  may  continue  to  enter  into,  structured  share  repurchasetransactions
 with financial institutions. These agreements generally require that we make an up-front payment in exchange for the right to receive a fixed numberof
 shares of our common stock upon execution of the agreement, and a potential incremental number of shares of our common stock, within a pre-determinedrange, at the end of the t
erm of the agreement.The following table presents d
etails of our share repurchase transactions during the three fiscal months ended January 29, 2017 : Period
 Total Number ofShares Purchased (In
millions)
 Average Price Paidper Share
 Total Number of SharesPurchased as Part of Publicly
Announced Plans or
Programs (In millions)
 Approximate Dollar Value ofShares that May Yet Be
Purchased Under the Plans or
Programs (In billions)
October 31, 2016 - November 27,
2016
 2.5 $93.17  2.5 $2.73 November 28, 2016 - December
25, 2016
 — $—  — $2.73 December 26, 2016 - January 29,
2017
 — $—  — $2.73 Total
 2.5    2.5   Transactions Related to our Convertible Not
es and Note Hedges During fiscal year 
2017 , we issued an aggregate of 23 million shares of our common stock upon settlement of $673 million in principal amount of Converti bleNotes submitted for
 conversion. Subsequent to fiscal year 2017, we issued an aggregate of 20 million additional shares of  our common stock upon settlement of anadditional 
$502  million in  principal amount of Convertible Notes. In connection with these conversions, we exercised a portion of our Note Hedges to acquire anequal number of
 shares of our common stock. The counterparty to the Note Hedges may be deemed an “affiliated purchaser” and may have purchased the shares ofour common stock deliverab
le to us upon this exercise of our option.During
 the remainder of the first quarter of fiscal year 2018, we expect to settle an additional $103 million in principal amount of Convertible Notes and issueadditional
 shares  of  our  common  stock  for  the  excess  conversion  value.  We  also  expect  to  settle  at  least  an  additional  $55  million  in  principal  amount  ofConvertible
 Notes and issue additional  shares  of our common  stock for the excess  conversion value  during the second quarter  of fiscal  year  2018. The actualnumber
 of shares issuable upon conversion will be determined based upon the terms of the Convertible Notes, and we expect to receive an equal number of sharesof
 our common stock under the terms of the Note Hedges. Please refer to Note 11 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part IV, Item 15 of thisAnnual Report on Form 10-K for further dis
cussion regarding the Convertible Notes and the Note Hedges.Restricted Stock Unit Share W
ithholding We
 also withhold common stock shares associated with net share settlements to cover tax withholding obligations upon the vesting of restricted stock unitawards
 under our equity incentive program. During fiscal year 2017 ,  we withheld approximately 3 million shares with a total withholding value of $177 million through net
 share settlements. Please refer to Note 2 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part IV, Item 15 of this Annual Report on Form 10-Kfor further discussion reg
arding our equity incentive plans.25
Table of ContentsStock Performance Graphs 
 The
 following graph compares the cumulative total shareholder return for our common stock, the S&P 500 Index, the S&P Semiconductors Index and theNASDAQ
 100  Index  for  the  five  years  ended January  29,  2017 .  In  previous  years,  we  compared  our  total  cumulative  stockholder  return  with  the  S&PSemiconductors
 Index.  We  have  elected  to  replace  the  S&P  Semiconductors  Index  with  the  NASDAQ  100  Index  because  the  new  index  represents  a  morediversified
 group  of  companies  across  major  industry  groups  including  computer  hardware  and  software,  telecommunications,  retail  and  wholesale,  andbiotechnology.
 The  NASDAQ  100  tracks  the  aggregate  price  performance  of  the  100  largest  domestic  and  international  non-financial  securities  listed  on  theNASDAQ
 Stock Market based on market capitalization. In this transition year, the stock performance graph below includes the comparative performance of thenew
 index and the previously reported index. The graph assumes that $100 was invested on January 29, 2012 in our common stock and in each of the S&P 500Index,
 the S&P Semiconductors Index and the NASDAQ 100 Index. Our common stock is a component of each of the presented indices. Total return assumesreinvestment of dividends 
in each of the indices indicated. Total return is based on historical results and is not intended to indicate future performance.
*$100 invested on 1/29/12 in stock and in ind
ices, including reinvestment of dividends.The S&P 500 index and S&P Semicon
ductor Select Industry index are proprietary to and are calculated, distributed and marketed by S&P Opco, LLC (a subsidiaryof
 S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC), its affiliates and/or its licensors and has been licensed for use. S&P® and S&P 500®, among other famous marks, are registeredtrademarks
 of Standard & Poor’s Financial Services LLC, and Dow Jones® is a registered trademark of Dow Jones Trademark Holdings LLC. © 2016 S&P DowJones Indices LLC, its affili
ates and/or its licensors. All rights reserved. 
1/29/2012  1/27/2013 1/26/2014 1/25/2015 1/31/2016 1/29/2017NVIDIA Corporation
$ 100.00  $83.78  $107.33  $145.42  $209.05  $805.35 S&P 500
$ 100.00  $116.77  $142.07  $166.19  $160.54  $194.04 S&P Semiconductors
$ 100.00  $91.30  $116.65  $161.31  $149.44  $218.88 NASDAQ 100
$ 100.00  $112.60  $147.83  $180.81  $183.09  $223.98 26
Table of ContentsITEM 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA 
 The
 following  selected  financial  data  should  be  read  in  conjunction  with  our  financial  statements  and  the  notes  thereto,  and  with  Item  7,  “Management’sDiscussion
 and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.” The Consolidated Statements of Income data for fiscal years 2017 , 2016 ,  and 2015 and
 the Consolidated Balance Sheets data as of January 29, 2017 and January 31, 2016 have  been derived from and should be read in conjunction with our auditedconsolidated
 financial statements and the notes thereto included in Part IV, Item 15 in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We operate on a 52- or 53-week year,ending on the last Sunday in January. Fisc
al years 2017, 2015, 2014, and 2013 were 52-week years and fiscal year 2016 was a 53-week year. 
Year Ended  
January 29,2017 (A)
 January 31,2016 (A)
 January 25, 2015
 January 26, 2014
 January 27,2013
 
(In millions, except pe r share data)Consolidated Statement of Income Data:
         Revenue
$ 6,910  $5,010  $4,682  $4,130  $4,280 Income from operations
$ 1,934  $747  $759  $496  $648 Net income
$ 1,666  $614  $631  $440  $563 Net income per share:
         Basic
$ 3.08  $1.13  $1.14  $0.75  $0.91 Diluted
$ 2.57  $1.08  $1.12  $0.74  $0.90 Weighted average shar
es used in per share computation:         Basic
541  543  552  588  619 Diluted
649  569  563  595  625  
Year Ended  
January 29, 2017 (B,C)
 January 31,2016 (B)
 January 25,2015
 January 26,2014 (B)
 January 27,2013
 
(In millions, except pe r share data)Consolidated Balance Sheet Data:
         Cash, cash equivalents and mark
etable securities$ 6,798  $5,037  $4,623  $4,672  $3,728 Total assets
$ 9,841  $7,370  $7,201  $7,251  $6,412 Debt obligations
$ 2,779  $1,413  $1,384  $1,356  $— Capital lease obligat
ions, less current portion$ 6  $10  $14  $18  $19 Convertible debt conversion obl
igation$ 31  $87  $—  $—  $— Total shareholders’ equity
$ 5,762  $4,469  $4,418  $4,456  $4,828 Cash dividends declared and paid p
er common share (D)$ 0.485  $0.395  $0.340  $0.310  $0.075  
(A)
In fiscal year 2016, we began the wind down of our Icera modem operations. As a result, our income from operations for fiscal years 2017 and 2016 included$3 million and $131 million, r
espectively, of restructuring and other charges.(B)
In fiscal  year 2014, we issued 1.00% Convertible  Senior Notes due 2018 in the aggregate  principal amount of $1.50  billion .  The Convertible Notes firstbecame
 convertible  as  of  February  1,  2016.  As  of  January  29,  2017,  $827  million  of  the  Convertible  Notes  remained  outstanding,  of  which  $796million
 carrying value is classified as a current liability and $31 million is classified as convertible debt conversion obligation in the mezzanine equity sectionof
 our Consolidated Balance Sheet. Please refer to Note 11 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part IV, Item 15 of this Annual Report onForm 10-K for additional infor
mation.(C)
In fiscal year 2017, we issued  $1.00 billion  of  the Notes Due 2021, and  $1.00 billion  of  the Notes Due 2026. Interest on the Notes is payable on March 16and
 September 16 of each year, beginning on March 16, 2017. Upon 30 days' notice to holders of the Notes, we may redeem the Notes for cash prior tomaturity,
 at redemption prices that include accrued and unpaid interest, if any, and a make-whole premium. However, no make-whole premium will be paidfor redemptions of the Notes Due 2021 on o
r after August 16, 2021, or for redemptions of the Notes Due 2026 on or after June 16, 2026.27
Table of Contents(D)
On November  8,  2012,  we initiated  a  quarterly  dividend  payment  of  $0.075 per  share,  or $0.30  per  share  on  an  annual  basis. On November  7, 2013,  weincreased
 the quarterly cash dividend to $0.085 per share, or $0.34 per share on an annual basis. On May 7, 2015, we increased the quarterly cash dividend to$0.0975
 per share, or $0.39 per share on an annual basis. On November 5, 2015, we increased the quarterly cash dividend to $0.115 per share, or $0.46 pershare on an annual basis. On November 10, 2016, we in
creased the quarterly cash dividend to $0.14 per share, or $0.56 per share on an annual basis.ITEM 7. MANAGE
MENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS  The following discussion and analysis of our financial
 condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with “Item 1A. Risk Factors”, “Item 6.Selected
 Financial Data”, our Consolidated Financial Statements and related Notes thereto, as well as other cautionary statements and risks described elsewhere inthis Annual Report on Form 10-K, before dec
iding to purchase, hold or sell shares of our common stock.   Overview
Our Company and Our Businesses
Starting
 with a focus on PC graphics, NVIDIA invented the GPU to solve some of the most complex problems in computer science. We have extended ouremphasis
 in recent years to the revolutionary field of AI. NVIDIA delivers value to its customers through PC, mobile and cloud architectures. Vertical integrationenables
 us to bring together hardware, system software, programmable algorithms, libraries, systems and services to create unique value for the markets we serve.We specialize in m
arkets in which GPU-based visual computing and accelerated computing platforms can provide tremendous throughput for applications.Our
 two reportable segments - GPU and Tegra Processor - are based on a single underlying graphics architecture. From our proprietary processors, we havecreated specialized platforms that tar
get the four large markets where our expertise is critical: Gaming, Professional Visualization, Datacenter, and Automotive.Our
 GPU product brands are aimed at specialized markets including GeForce for gamers; Quadro for designers; Tesla and DGX for AI data scientists and bigdata
 researchers; and GRID for cloud-based visual computing users. Our Tegra brand integrates an entire computer onto a single chip, and incorporates GPUs andmulti-core CPUs to drive superco
mputing for mobile gaming and entertainment devices, as well as autonomous robots, drones and cars.Headquartered in Santa Clar
a, California, NVIDIA was incorporated in California in April 1993 and reincorporated in Delaware in April 1998.28
Table of ContentsRecent Developments, Future Objectives and Challenges
Fiscal Year 
2017 Summary  
Year Ended  
January 29, 2017
 January 31, 2016
 Change 
($ in millions, except pe r share data)Revenue
$ 6,910  $5,010  38 %Gross margin
58.8 % 56.1 % 270 bps Operating expenses
$ 2,129  $2,064  3 %Income from operations
$ 1,934  $747  159 %Net income
$ 1,666  $614  171 %Net income per diluted sha
re$ 2.57  $1.08  138 %Revenue
 for fiscal year 2017 grew  38% to $6.91 billion, reflecting growth in each of our market platforms -- Gaming, Professional Visualization, Datacenter,and
 Automotive. GPU business revenue was $5.82 billion, up 39% from a year  earlier,  led by growth in our GeForce GPU gaming  and datacenter  platforms.GeForce
 GPU  gaming  growth  was  fueled  by  strong  adoption  of  our  latest  Pascal  architecture.  Datacenter  growth  reflected  strong  demand  for  deep  learningtraining,
 cloud and virtualized computing, and sales of our new DGX-1 supercomputer. Tegra business revenue was $824 million, up 47% from a year ago, led bygrowth in automotive, prima
rily from infotainment modules, and gaming development platforms and services.Gross
 margin for fiscal year 2017 was  58.8%, compared with 56.1% a year earlier, reflecting the growth of GeForce gaming GPUs, the growth of our GPUcomputing platforms for 
cloud, deep learning, AI, and graphics virtualization, and decreased sales volumes of lower margin products.Operating
 expenses for fiscal year 2017 were  $2.13 billion, up from $2.06 billion in the previous year. This reflects growth in headcount and related costs,partially offset by lowe
r litigation and restructuring expenses.Net
 income and net income per diluted share for fiscal year 2017 were  $1.67 billion and $2.57, respectively, up 171% and 138%, respectively, from a yearearlier.
 These  increases  were  fueled  by  strong  revenue  growth,  improved  gross  and  operating  margins,  and  a  lower  effective  income  tax  rate  as  a  result  of  adecrease in the amount of
 earnings subject to United States tax and the recognition of excess tax benefits from our adoption of a new accounting standard related tothe simplification of certain as
pects of stock-based compensation accounting.We
 returned $1.00 billion to shareholders in fiscal year 2017 through  share repurchases and quarterly cash dividends, and we intend to return approximately$1.25 billion to shareholders in 
fiscal year 2018.Cash, cash equivalents and mark
etable securities were $6.80 billion as of January 29, 2017 , up from $5.04 billion as of January 31, 2016 . GPU Business
During
 fiscal year 2017 ,  we released many new gaming GPU products based on our new NVIDIA Pascal architecture, including GeForce GTX Titan X,GeForce
 GTX 1080, 1070, 1060, 1050 and 1050Ti. We also expanded the NVIDIA VRWorks software development kit, released our first game, NVIDIA VRFunhouse, and introduced NVIDIA Ansel, an in-game photog
raphy tool.For datacenter, we introduced the
 Tesla P100, P40 and P4 GPU accelerators, based on the Pascal architecture, unveiled our Inception Program, which providesaccess
 to  NVIDIA  technology  and  expertise  to  support  the  growth  of  startups  in  deep  learning  and  data  science,  introduced  the  Tesla  M10  for  virtualizingenterprise
 applications,  launched  the  NVIDIA  TensorRT  deep  learning  inferencing  framework,  and  began  shipping  the  DGX-1  AI  supercomputer  to  researchorganizations, universities, and multinationals. We
 also collaborated with Microsoft to accelerate AI with a GPU-accelerated Microsoft Cognitive Toolkit availableon
 the Microsoft Azure cloud and NVIDIA DGX-1, partnered with the National Cancer Institute and the U.S. Department of Energy to build CANDLE, an AIframework
 that  will  advance  cancer  research,  and  unveiled  the  NVIDIA  DGX  SATURNV AI  supercomputer,  powered  by  124  Pascal-powered  DGX-1  servernodes.
29
Table of ContentsFor
 professional visualization, we enabled a new class of supercomputing workstations using Quadro GP100, introduced Quadro P5000 to power VR-readymobile
 workstations, the 24GB Quadro M6000, the Quadro M2000, and unveiled the Quadro P6000 to power advanced workstations. We also refreshed NVIDIADesignWorks
 and  NVIDIA  VRWorks  with  new  updates  and  software  development  kits,  introduced  NVIDIA  Iray  physically-based  rendering  solutions,  andunveiled Iray VR, which creates 
interactive, photorealistic virtual 3D worlds.Tegra Processor Business
During fiscal year 
2017 ,  for the automotive market, we introduced the HD Mapping platform for self-driving cars, announced that our NVIDIA DRIVE PX 2platform will power vehicles in the new ROBORA
CE autonomous car-racing circuit, initiated collaborative research in advanced self-driving technology with NewYork
 University’s pioneering deep learning team, and announced that NVIDIA DRIVE PX 2 will power a new AutoPilot system in all of Tesla Motors’ factoryproduced vehicles -
 the Model S, Model X and upcoming Model 3. We also announced a number of new partnerships aimed at getting AI-powered cars, trucks andcommercial vehic
les on the road, including partnerships with Audi, Bosch, Mercedes-Benz, and ZF. We also partnered with Europe’s HERE to develop a real-time,high-definition mapping solu
tion for autonomous vehicles, and with Japan’s ZENRIN to develop a cloud-to-car high-definition map solution for self-driving cars.We also expanded
 the NVIDIA SHIELD platform’s gaming content available for streaming from GeForce NOW, announced that NVIDIA gaming technologywill
 power  the  Nintendo  Switch  home  gaming  system,  and  launched  our  new  SHIELD  TV,  which  integrates  Google  Assistant  for  TV,  SmartThings  Hubtechnology and the NVIDIA SPOT AI mic.
Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates
Management’s
 discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations are based upon our consolidated financial statements, which have beenprepared in
 accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States, or U.S. GAAP. The preparation of these financial statements requires usto
 make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue, cost of revenue, expenses and related disclosure of contingencies.On
 an  on-going  basis,  we  evaluate  our  estimates,  including  those  related  to  revenue  recognition,  inventories,  income  taxes,  goodwill,  cash  equivalents  andmarketable
 securities, stock-based compensation, and litigation, investigation and settlement costs and other contingencies. We base our estimates on historicalexperience
 and on various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgmentsabout the carrying value
s of assets and liabilities.We
 believe  the  following  critical  accounting  policies  affect  our  significant  judgments  and  estimates  used  in  the  preparation  of  our  consolidated  financialstatements.
 Our management has discussed the development and selection of these critical  accounting policies and estimates with the Audit Committee of ourBoard of
 Directors. The Audit Committee has reviewed our disclosures relating to our critical accounting policies and estimates in this Annual Report on Form 10-K.
Revenue Recognition
Product Revenue
We
 recognize  revenue  from  product  sales  when  persuasive  evidence  of  an  arrangement  exists,  the  product  has  been  delivered,  the  price  is  fixed  ordeterminable and collection of
 the related receivable is reasonably assured.For sales
 to certain distributors with rights of return for which the level of returns cannot be reasonably estimated, our policy is to defer recognition of revenueand related cost of rev
enue until the distributors resell the product and, in some cases, when customer return rights lapse.Our
 customer programs primarily involve rebates, which are designed to serve as sales incentives to resellers of our products in various target markets. Weaccount
 for rebates as a reduction of revenue and accrue for 100% of the potential rebates and do not apply a breakage factor. While we have a long history ofrebate
 arrangements with OEMs, we believe we are unable to apply our historical experience to reliably estimate the amount of rebates that will eventually beclaimed
 by  individual  OEMs.  In  such  cases,  the  OEMs  may  not  be  our  direct  customers  and  therefore  the  quantity  and  mix  of  demand  they  place  on  theirCEMs/ODMs
 may shift as we introduce new generations and iterations of products and as we experience changes in new competitor offerings. In addition, wetypically
 find that approximately 95% of the rebates we accrue each year are eventually claimed, which is substantially close to 100%, and that this percentagevaries by program
 and by customer. We recognize a liability for these rebates at the later of the date at which we record the related revenue or the date at which weoffer
 the rebate. Rebates typically expire six months from the date of the original sale, unless we reasonably believe that the customer intends to claim the rebate.Unclaimed rebates ar
e reversed to revenue, the amount of which typically represents less than 0.5% of total revenue.30
Table of ContentsOur
 customer programs also include marketing development funds, or MDFs. MDFs represent monies paid to retailers, system builders, OEMs, distributors,add-in
 card  partners  and  other  channel  partners  that  are  earmarked  for  market  segment  development  and  expansion  and  typically  are  designed  to  support  ourpartners’
 activities while also promoting NVIDIA products. Depending on market conditions, we may take actions to increase amounts offered under customerprograms,
 possibly resulting in an incremental reduction of revenue at the time such programs are offered. We account for MDFs as a reduction of revenue andapply
 a breakage factor to certain types of MDF program accruals for which we believe we can make a reasonable and reliable estimate of the amount that willultimately be unclaimed. 
We
 also record a reduction to revenue by establishing a sales return allowance for estimated product returns at the time revenue is recognized, based primarilyon
 historical return rates. However, if product returns for a particular fiscal period exceed historical return rates we may determine that additional sales returnallowances are requir
ed to properly reflect our estimated exposure for product returns.License and Development Revenue
For
 license arrangements that require significant customization of our intellectual property components, we generally recognize the related revenue over theperiod
 that services are performed. For most license and service arrangements, we determine progress to completion based on actual cost incurred to date as apercentage
 of the estimated total cost required to complete the project. We periodically evaluate the actual status of each project to ensure that the estimates tocomplete
 each contract remain accurate. Revenue recognized in any period is dependent on our progress toward completion of projects in progress. Significantmanagement
 judgment and discretion are used to estimate total cost. Any changes in or deviations from these estimates could have a material effect on the amountof revenue we recognize in 
any period.For
 license arrangements that do not require significant customization but where we are obligated to provide further deliverables over the term of the licenseagreement, we record reven
ue over the life of the license term, with consideration received in advance of the performance period classified as deferred revenue.Please
 refer  to  Note  1  of  the  Notes  to  the  Consolidated  Financial  Statements  in  Part  IV,  Item  15  of  this  Annual  Report  on  Form  10-K  for  additionalinformation.
Inventories
Inventory
 cost is computed on an adjusted standard basis, which approximates actual cost on an average or first-in, first-out basis. We charge cost of sales forinventory
 provisions to write down our inventory to the lower of cost or estimated market value or to completely write off obsolete or excess inventory. Most ofour
 inventory provisions relate to the write-off of excess quantities of products, based on our inventory levels and future product purchase commitments comparedto assumptions about future de
mand and market conditions.Situations
 that may result in excess or obsolete inventory include changes in business and economic conditions, changes in market conditions, sudden andsignificant
 decreases in demand for our products, inventory obsolescence because of changing technology and customer requirements, failure to estimate customerdemand
 properly, or unexpected competitive pricing actions by our competition. In addition, cancellation or deferral of customer purchase orders could result inour holding excess inventory. Also, we may not be
 able to reduce our inventory purchase commitments in a timely manner in response to customer cancellations ordeferrals.
The
 overall net effect on our gross margin from inventory provisions and sales of items previously written down was an unfavorable impact of 0.2%, 1.6%,and 0.6% in fiscal years 
2017 , 2016 , and 2015 , respectively. The charg es we took to cost of sales for inventory provisions during these fiscal years were primarilyrelated
 to the write-off of excess quantities of products whose inventory levels were higher than our updated forecasts of future demand for those products. As afabless
 semiconductor company, we must make commitments to purchase inventory based on forecasts of future customer demand. In doing so, we must accountfor
 our  third-party  manufacturers'  lead  times  and  constraints.  We  also  adjust  to  other  market  factors,  such  as  product  offerings  and  pricing  actions  by  ourcompetitors, new product tr
ansitions, and macroeconomic conditions - all of which may impact demand for our products.Please refer to the Gross Prof
it and Gross Margin discussion below in this Management's Discussion and Analysis for further discussion.31
Table of ContentsIncome Taxes
We
 recognize federal, state and foreign current tax liabilities or assets based on our estimate of taxes payable or refundable in the current fiscal year by taxjurisdiction.
 We recognize federal, state and foreign deferred tax assets or liabilities, as appropriate, for our estimate of future tax effects attributable to temporarydifferences
 and carryforwards; and we record a valuation allowance to reduce any deferred tax assets by the amount of any tax benefits that, based on availableevidence and judgment, ar
e not expected to be realized.United
 States income tax has not been provided for a portion of earnings of our non-U.S. subsidiaries to the extent that such earnings are considered to beindefinitely reinvested.
Our
 calculation of deferred tax assets and liabilities is based on certain estimates and judgments and involves dealing with uncertainties in the application ofcomplex tax laws. Our estimates of deferred tax assets and liabilities may change based
, in part, on added certainty or finality to an anticipated outcome, changes inaccounting
 standards  or  tax  laws  in  the  United  States,  or  foreign  jurisdictions  where  we  operate,  or  changes  in  other  facts  or  circumstances.  In  addition,  werecognize
 liabilities for potential United States and foreign income tax contingencies based on our estimate of whether, and the extent to which, additional taxesmay be due. If we determine that
 payment of these amounts is unnecessary or if the recorded tax liability is less than our current assessment, we may be required torecognize an income tax be
nefit or additional income tax expense in our financial statements accordingly.As of 
January 29, 2017 ,  we had a valuation allowance of $353 million related to state and certain foreign deferred tax assets that management determined arenot
 likely to be realized due to projections of future taxable income and potential utilization limitations of tax attributes acquired as a result of stock ownershipchanges.
 To the extent realization of the deferred tax assets becomes more-likely-than-not, we would recognize such deferred tax asset as an income tax benefitduring the period.
Goodwill
Goodwill is
 subject to our annual impairment test during the fourth quarter of our fiscal year, or earlier, if indicators of potential impairment exist, using eithera
 qualitative or a quantitative assessment. Our impairment review process compares the fair value of the reporting unit in which the goodwill resides to its carryingvalue.
 We have identified two reporting units, GPU and Tegra Processor, for the purposes of completing our goodwill analysis. Goodwill assigned to the GPU andTegra
 Processor reporting units as of January  29, 2017 was $210 million and $408 million ,  respectively. Determining the fair value of a reporting unit requires usto
 make judgments and involves the use of significant estimates and assumptions. We also make judgments and assumptions in allocating assets and liabilities toeach of our reporting units. 
We base our fair value estimates on assumptions we believe to be reasonable but that are unpredictable and inherently uncertain.During the fourth quarter of 
fiscal year 2017 , we elected to use the quantitative assessment to test goodwill for impairment for each reporting unit. In applying the
 fair value based test of each reporting unit, the results from the income approach and the market approach were equally weighted. These valuation approachesconsider
 a number of factors that include, but are not limited to, prospective financial information, growth rates, terminal or residual values, discount rates andcomparable
 multiples  from  publicly  traded  companies  in  our  industry  and  require  us  to  make  certain  assumptions  and  estimates  regarding  industry  economicfactors and the future p
rofitability of our business.When performing
 an income approach valuation, we incorporate the use of projected financial information and a discount rate that are developed using marketparticipant based assumptions to our
 discounted cash flow model. Our estimates of discounted cash flow were based upon, among other things, certain assumptionsabout
 our expected future operating performance, such as revenue growth rates, operating margins, risk-adjusted discount rates, and future economic and marketconditions.
 Our  estimates  may  differ  from  actual  cash  flow  due  to,  among  other  things,  economic  conditions,  changes  to  our  business  model  or  changes  inoperating
 performance. Additionally, certain estimates of discounted cash flow involve businesses with limited financial history and developing revenue models,which
 increases the risk of differences between the projected and actual performance. The long-term financial forecasts that we utilize represent the best estimatethat
 we have at this time and we believe that its underlying assumptions are reasonable. Significant differences between our estimates and actual cash flow couldmaterially affect our future financial re
sults, which could impact our future estimates of the fair value of our reporting units.32
Table of ContentsDuring
 the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2017 ,  we concluded that there was no impairment of our goodwill. The fair values of our GPU and Tegra Processorreporting
 units  significantly  exceeded  their  respective  carrying  values.  As  such,  even  the  application  of  a  hypothetical  10%  decrease  to  the  fair  value  of  eachreporting
 unit  would  not  have  resulted  in  the  fair  value  of  either  reporting  unit  being  less  than  its  carrying  value.  As  an  overall  test  of  the  reasonableness  ofestimated
 fair values of our reporting units, we reconciled the combined fair value estimates of our reporting units to our market capitalization as of the valuationdate. The reconciliation co
nfirmed that the fair values were relatively representative of the market views when applying a reasonable control premium to the marketcapitalization.
 However, any significant reductions in the actual amount of future cash flows realized by our reporting units, reductions in the value of marketcomparables, or reductions in our market capitalization could impact future estimates of the fair values of our reporting units. 
Such events could ultimately result ina charge to our earnings in 
future periods due to the potential for a write-down of the goodwill associated with our reporting units.Cash Equivalents and Marketable Secur
itiesCash
 equivalents consist of financial instruments which are readily convertible into cash and have original maturities of three months or less at the time ofacquisition.
  Marketable securities consist primarily of highly liquid investments with maturities greater than three months when purchased. We measure our cashequivalents
 and marketable securities at fair value. The fair values of our financial assets and liabilities are determined using quoted market prices of identicalassets
 or quoted market prices of similar assets from active markets. All of our available-for-sale investments are subject to a periodic impairment review. Werecord
 a  charge  to  earnings  when  a  decline  in  fair  value  is  significantly  below  cost  basis  and  judged  to  be  other-than-temporary,  or  have  other  indicators  ofimpairments.
We
 performed an impairment review of our investment portfolio as of January  29, 2017 .  We concluded that our investments were appropriately valued andthat no other-than-te
mporary impairment charges were necessary on our portfolio of available-for-sale investments as of January 29, 2017 . Please
 refer to Notes 6 and 7 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part IV, Item 15 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additionalinformation.
Stock-based Compensation
Our
 stock-based compensation expense is associated with restricted stock units, or RSUs, performance stock units that are based on our corporate financialperformance
 targets, or PSUs, performance stock units that are based on market conditions, or market-based PSUs, our employee stock purchase plan, or ESPP,and
 stock options. In fiscal year 2015, we shifted away from granting stock options and toward granting RSUs, PSUs and market-based PSUs to reflect changingmarket
 trends  for  equity  incentives  at  our  peer  companies.  The  number  of  PSUs and  market-based  PSUs that  will  ultimately  be  awarded  is  contingent  on  theCompany’s
 level of achievement compared with the corporate financial performance target established by our Compensation Committee in the beginning of eachfiscal year.
Please
 refer to Notes 1 and 2 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part IV, Item 15 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additionalinformation.
Litigation, Investigation and Se
ttlement CostsFrom
 time to time, we are involved in legal actions and/or investigations by regulatory bodies. We are aggressively defending our current litigation matters.However,
 there  are  many  uncertainties  associated  with  any  litigation  or  investigations,  and  we  cannot  be  certain  that  these  actions  or  other  third-party  claimsagainst
 us will be resolved without costly litigation, fines and/or substantial settlement payments. If that occurs, our business, financial condition and results ofoperations
 could be materially and adversely affected. If information becomes available that causes us to determine that a loss in any of our pending litigation,investigations
 or settlements is probable, and we can reasonably estimate the loss associated with such events, we will record the loss in accordance with U.S.GAAP.
 However,  the  actual  liability  in  any  such  litigation  or  investigation  may  be  materially  different  from  our  estimates,  which  could  require  us  to  recordadditional costs.
33
Table of ContentsResults of Operations
 
The following table sets for
th, for the periods indicated, certain items in our Consolidated Statements of Income expressed as a percentage of revenue.   
Year Ended  
January 29, 2017
 January 31, 2016
 January 25, 2015
Revenue
100.0  %  100.0  %  100.0  % Cost of revenue
41.2  43.9  44.5 Gross profit
58.8  56.1  55.5 Operating expenses:
     Research and development
21.2  26.6  29.0 Sales, general and adminis
trative9.6  12.0  10.3 Restructuring and other cha
rges—  2.6  — Total operating expenses
30.8  41.2  39.3 Income from operations
28.0  14.9  16.2 Interest income
0.8  0.8  0.6 Interest expense
(0.8 ) (0.9 ) (1.0 )Other income (expense), net
(0.4 ) 0.1  0.3 Income before income taxes
27.6  14.9  16.1 Income tax expense
3.5  2.6  2.6 Net income
24.1  % 12.3  % 13.5  %Revenue
NVIDIA’s
 products  and  services  are  built  for  three  computing  platforms  -  PC,  datacenter/cloud,  and  mobile.  For  fiscal  years 2017 , 2016 ,  and 2015 , approximately
 72%, 77%, and 75% of our revenue, respectively, was associated with the PC computing platform, of which GPUs for the gaming and professionalvisualization marke
ts comprised approximately 92%, 88%, and 80%, respectively, while PC OEM represented approximately 8%, 12%, and 20%, respectively.Revenue by Reportable Segments
 
Year Ended  Year Ended  
January 29, 2017
 January 31, 2016
 $Change
 %Change
 January 31, 2016
 January 25, 2015
 $Change
 %Change
 
($ in millions)  ($ in millions) GPU
$ 5,822  $4,187  $1,635  39 % $4,187  $3,839  $348  9  %Tegra Processor
824  559  265  47 % 559  579  (20 ) (3 )%All Other
264  264  —  — % 264  264  —  —  %Total
$ 6,910  $5,010  $1,900  38 % $5,010  $4,682  $328  7  %GPU
 Business. GPU  business revenue  increased  by 39% in  fiscal year 2017 compared  to fiscal year 2016 .  This increase  was due primarily  to increasedrevenue
 from  our  GeForce  GPU  gaming  and  datacenter  platforms.  Sales  of  high-end  GeForce  GPU  products  for  gaming  increased  over  40%,  reflecting  acombination
 of continued strength in PC gaming and strong demand for our recent Pascal-based GPU products. Datacenter revenue, including our Tesla, NVIDIAGRID,
 and DGX-1 brands, increased 145%, reflecting strong demand for deep learning training for AI, cloud, accelerated, and virtualized computing, and initialDGX-1
 sales. Revenue from Quadro GPUs for professional visualization increased 11% due primarily to higher sales in high end desktop and mobile workstationproducts. Revenue from GeForce GPU products for 
mainstream PC OEMs declined compared to last year.34
Table of ContentsGPU business
 revenue increased by 9% in fiscal year 2016  compared to  fiscal year 2015 .  This increase was due primarily to increased revenue from sales ofhigh-end
 GeForce GPU products for gaming, which increased over 30% reflecting a combination of continued strength in PC gaming and increased sales of ourMaxwell-based
 GPU products. Revenue from Tesla GPUs for Datacenter increased, driven by strong demand from hyperscale companies for deep learning for AIand
 accelerated computing. Revenue from Quadro GPUs for professional visualization declined due to weakness in the overall workstation market. Revenue fromGeForce GPU products for mainstream PC OEMs decl
ined compared to the prior year.Tegra
 Processor Business.   Tegra Processor business revenue increased by 47% in fiscal year 2017 compared  to fiscal  year 2016 .  This was driven by anincrease
 of  over  50%  in  sales  of  Tegra  products  and  services  serving  automotive  systems  and  an  increase  of  almost  50%  in  gaming  development  platformscompared to last year.
Tegra
 Processor business revenue decreased by 3% in fiscal  year 2016 compared to fiscal  year 2015 .  This decrease was driven by a decline in sales of Tegraproducts
 for OEM smartphones and tablets of almost 90%, partially offset by an increase in sales of Tegra products serving automotive systems of almost 75%.Revenue also grew from developm
ent services and sales of SHIELD devices.All
 Other. License  revenue from the patent cross licensing arrangement we entered into with Intel in January 2011 was flat at $264  million for  fiscal years2017 
, 2016 , and 2015 . The remaining $44 million in revenue under this arrangement will be recognized in the first quarter of fiscal year 2018.Concentration of Revenue
Revenue from sales
 to customers outside of the United States and Other Americas accounted for  80% , 79% , and 75% of total revenue for f iscal years 2017 , 2016 
,  and  2015 ,  respectively. Revenue by geographic region is allocated to individual countries based on the location to which the products are initially billedeven if the revenue is attri
butable to end customers in a different location.Revenue from significant 
customers, those representing 10% or more of total revenue for the respective dates, is summarized as follows:  
Year Ended  
January 29, 2017
 January 31, 2016
 January 25, 2015
Revenue:
     Customer A
12 % 11 % 11 % 
Gross Profit and Gross Margin
 
Gross profit
 consists of total revenue, net of allowances, less cost of revenue. Cost of revenue consists primarily of the cost of semiconductors purchased fromsubcontractors,
 including wafer fabrication, assembly, testing and packaging, board and device costs, manufacturing support costs, including labor and overheadassociated
 with such purchases, final test yield fallout, inventory and warranty provisions, memory and component costs, and shipping costs. Cost of revenue alsoincludes development costs 
for license and service arrangements and stock-based compensation related to personnel associated with manufacturing.Our
 overall gross margin was 58.8% , 56.1% ,  and 55.5% for  fiscal years 2017 , 2016 ,  and 2015 ,  respectively. These increases were driven primarily by ahigher mix of our GPU business, fewer invento
ry provisions, and lower warranty charges in our Tegra Processor business.Charges
 to cost of sales for inventory provisions totaled $62 million, $112 million and $59 million for fiscal years 2017 , 2016 ,  and 2015 ,  respectively,unfavorably
 impacting our gross margin by 0.9%, 2.2%, and 1.3%, respectively. Sales of inventory that was previously written-off or written-down totaled $51million for fiscal year 
2017 and $32  million for both fiscal years 2016 and 2015 , favorably  impacting our gross margin by 0.7%, 0.6%, and 0.7%, respectively. Asa result,
 the overall net effect on our gross margin from inventory provisions and sales of items previously written down was an unfavorable impact of 0.2%, 1.6%,and 0.6% in fiscal years 
2017 , 2016 , and 2015 , respectively. 35
Table of ContentsA discussion of our gross margin resul
ts for each of our reportable segments is as follows:GPU
 Business .  The gross margin of our GPU business increased during fiscal  year 2017 when  compared to fiscal  year 2016 primarily  due to product mixresulting
 from increased sales of our GeForce gaming, Tesla, GRID and Quadro GPU products, as well as a continued decrease in sales volumes of lower marginPC OEM products. The gross margin of our GPU business increas
ed during fiscal year 2016 when compared to fiscal year 2015 primarily due to strong sa les of ourhigh end GeForce gaming GPU products and the dec
reased sales volume of lower margin PC OEM products.Tegra Processor Business. 
 The gross margin  of our Tegra Processor business increased during fiscal year 2017 when compared to fiscal year 2016 , primarily due
 to fewer inventory provisions, and the absence of the warranty charge associated with the SHIELD tablet product recall during fiscal  year 2016 .  The grossmargin
 of  our  Tegra  Processor  business  decreased  during fiscal  year 2016 when  compared to fiscal  year 2015 due  to inventory provisions, a warranty chargeassociated
 with  the  SHIELD  tablet  product  recall  and  higher  automotive  and  SHIELD  product  sales,  which  have  had  comparably  lower  gross  margins.  Theinventory
 provisions related primarily to older generation Tegra products, as well as inventory purchase commitments in excess of estimated demand and excesscomponent inventories for SHIELD produc
ts.Operating Expenses
 
Year Ended  Year Ended  
January 29, 2017
 January 31, 2016
 $Change
 %Change
 January 31,2016
 January 25, 2015
 $Change
 %Change
 
($ in millions)  ($ in millions) Research and
development expenses
$ 1,463  $1,331  $132  10  % $1,331  $1,360  $(29 ) (2 )%Sales, general and
administrative expenses
663  602  61  10  % 602  480  122  25  %Restructuring and other
charges
3  131  (128 ) (98 )% 131  —  131  100  %Total operating
expenses
$ 2,129  $2,064  $65  3  % $2,064  $1,840  $224  12  %Research and
development as a
percentage of net
revenue
21.2 % 26.6 %     26.6 % 29.0 %    Sales, general and
administrative as a
percentage of net
revenue
9.6 % 12.0 %     12.0 % 10.3 %    Restructuring and other
charges as a percentage
of net revenue
— % 2.6 %     2.6 % — %     
Research and Development
Research and development exp
enses increased by 10% in fiscal year 2017 compared to fiscal year 2016 , driven primarily by emp loyee additions and increasesin employee compensation 
and other related costs, including stock-based compensation expense.Research and development exp
enses decreased by 2% in fiscal year 2016 compared to fiscal year 2015 . This decrease  was primarily driven by the wind-downof
 Icera modem operations and other organization efficiencies, partially offset by increases in employee compensation and related costs, including stock-basedcompensation expense.
36
Table of ContentsSales, General and Administrative
Sales,
 general and administrative expenses increased by 10% in  fiscal year 2017 compared  to fiscal year 2016 ,  driven primarily by employee additions andincreases in
 employee compensation and other related costs, including stock-based compensation expense. Offsetting these increases was a $57 million decrease inoutside professional fees 
resulting from the resolution of our intellectual property disputes with Samsung and Qualcomm during early fiscal year 2017 . Sales,
 general and administrative expenses increased by 25% in  fiscal year 2016 compared  to fiscal year 2015 .  Outside professional fees increased, primarilydue
 to $70 million of legal fees associated with our litigation against Samsung and Qualcomm. Compensation and benefits increased by $39 million resulting fromemployee additions, employ
ee compensation increases and related costs, including stock-based compensation expense. Advertising and promotions increased by $9million resulting fro
m digital advertising.Restructuring and Other Charges
In
 fiscal year 2016, we began the wind down our Icera modem operations. As a result, our operating expenses for fiscal years 2017 and 2016 included $3million and
 $131 million, respectively, of restructuring and other charges. Please refer to Note 17 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part IV,Item 15 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K fo
r further discussion.Interest Income and Interest Expense
Interest
 income consists of interest earned on cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities. Interest expense is primarily comprised of coupon interest anddebt discount amortiza
tion related to the Convertible Notes we issued in December 2013 and the Notes we issued in September 2016.Interest
 income was $54  million , $39 million ,  and $28  million in  fiscal years 2017 , 2016 ,  and 2015 ,  respectively. These increases in interest income wereprimarily due to higher 
average cash balances invested in interest bearing securities, as well as higher purchased yields.Interest
 expense was $58  million , $47 million ,  and $46  million in  fiscal years 2017 , 2016 ,  and 2015 .  The increase in fiscal year 2017 compared to fiscalyears
 2016 and 2015 was due primarily to interest expense related to the Notes we issued in September 2016, partially offset by a decrease in interest expense as aresult of the early conv
ersion of a significant portion of the Convertible Notes during fiscal year 2017 . Other Income (Expense), Net
Other income
 (expense), net, consists primarily of realized gains and losses from the sale of marketable securities, sales or impairments of investments in non-affiliated compan
ies, losses on early conversions of the Convertible Notes, and the impact of changes in foreign currency rates.Net other
 income (expense) was $ (25) million , $ 4 million , and $ 14 million in fiscal years 2017 , 2016 , and 2015 , respectively.  The net other (expense) infiscal
 year 2017 compared  to the net other income in fiscal  year 2016 was  primarily due to $21 million of losses we recognized from early conversions of theConvertible
 Notes.  The  decrease  for fiscal  year  2016 compared  to fiscal  year  2015 was  primarily  due  to  less  gain  recognized  from  sales  of  non-affiliatedinvestments and more losses 
from foreign currency remeasurement.  
37
Table of ContentsIncome Taxes
 
We
 recognized income tax expense of $239 million, $129 million and $124 million for fiscal years 2017, 2016, and 2015, respectively. Our annual effectivetax
 rate was 12.5%, 17.3%, and 16.5% for fiscal years 2017, 2016, and 2015, respectively. The decrease in the effective tax rate in fiscal year 2017 as compared tofiscal
 years 2016 and 2015 was primarily due to the recognition of excess tax benefits from our adoption of a new accounting standard related to the simplificationof
 certain aspects of stock-based compensation accounting. The higher effective tax rate in fiscal year 2016 as compared to fiscal years 2017 and 2015 was due toan
 additional  amount  of  earnings  subject  to  United  States  tax  in  fiscal  year  2016,  partially  offset  by  a  net  income  tax  benefit  related  to  the  Icera  modemrestructuring in fisc
al year 2016.Our
 effective  tax  rate  for  each  of  the  fiscal  years  was  lower  than  the  U.S.  federal  statutory  rate  of  35%  due  primarily  to  income  earned  in  jurisdictions,including
 British Virgin Islands, Hong Kong, China, Taiwan and United Kingdom, where the tax rate is lower than the United States federal statutory tax rate of35%,
 favorable recognition in these fiscal years of the U.S. federal research tax credit, favorable discrete events primarily attributable to the tax benefit recognizedupon the expiration of the app
licable statutes of limitations, and adoption of an accounting standard related to stock-based compensation in fiscal year 2017.Please
 refer  to Note  13 of  the  Notes  to  the  Consolidated  Financial  Statements  in  Part  IV,  Item  15  of  this  Annual  Report  on  Form  10-K  for  additionalinformation.
Liquidity and Capital Resources 
  
January 29, 2017
 January 31, 2016
 
(In millions) Cash and cash equivalents
$ 1,766  $596 Marketable securities
5,032  4,441 Cash, cash equivalents, and mark
etable securities$ 6,798  $5,037  
Year Ended  
January 29, 2017
 January 31, 2016
 January 25, 2015
 
(In millions) Net cash provided by operating a
ctivities$ 1,672  $1,175  $906 Net cash used in investing act
ivities$ (793 ) $(400 ) $(727 )Net cash provided by (used in) fin
ancing activities$ 291  $(676 ) $(834 )As of 
January 29, 2017 , we had $6.80 billion in cash,  cash equivalents and marketable securities, an increase of $1.76 billion from the  end of fiscal year 2016 .
 Our portfolio of cash equivalents and marketable securities is managed on our behalf by several financial institutions which are required to follow our investmentpolicy, which requires the pur
chase of high grade investment securities, the diversification of asset types and includes certain limits on our portfolio duration.  
Cash provided by operating activ
ities increased in fiscal year 2017 compared to fiscal year 2016 , primarily driven by an in crease in net income and changes inworking
 capital. Cash provided by operating activities increased in fiscal year 2016 compared  to fiscal year 2015 ,  primarily due to changes in working capital,partially offset by a d
ecline in net income.Cash used
 in investing activities increased in fiscal year 2017 compared  to fiscal year 2016 , primarily  due to higher purchases of property and equipment andintangible assets
 and lower proceeds from sales and maturities of marketable securities. Cash used in investing activities for fiscal year 2016  decreased from fiscal year 
2015 ,  primarily due to higher proceeds from sales and maturities of marketable securities and lower purchases of property and equipment and intangibleassets.
Cash
 was provided by financing activities in fiscal year 2017 ,  primarily due to the $2.00 billion of Notes issued in September 2016, partially offset by $673million
 of repayments of Convertible Notes and $1.00 billion of capital return to shareholders in the form of share repurchases and dividend payments. Cash wasused
 in  financing  activities  in  fiscal  year  2016,  primarily  due  to  $800  million  of  share  repurchases  and  dividend  payments.  Cash  used  in  financing  activitiesdecreased in fiscal year 
2016 compared to fiscal year 2015 , primarily due to lower sha re repurchases, partially offset by higher dividends.38
Table of ContentsLiquidity
Our primary sources of liquid
ity are our cash and cash equivalents, our marketable securities, and the cash generated by our operations. As of January 29, 2017 and
 January 31, 2016, we had $ 6.80 billion and $ 5.04 billion ,  respectively, in cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities. Our marketable securities consistprincipally
 of  debt  securities  of  corporations  and  United  States  government  and  its  agencies,  asset-backed  securities,  mortgage-backed  securities  issued  bygovernment-sponsored enterp
rises, money market funds and foreign government bonds. These investments are denominated in United States dollars. Please refer toCritical
 Accounting Policies and Estimates in Part II, Item 7, Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk in Part II, Item 7A and Note 6 of theNotes to the Consolidated Financia
l Statements in Part IV, Item 15 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information.Our
 cash balances are held in numerous locations throughout the world, including substantial amounts held outside of the United States. As of January  29,2017 
,  we had cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities of $2.24 billion held within the United States and $4.56 billion held outside of the United States.Most
 of the amounts held outside the United States may be repatriated to the United States but, under current law, would be subject to U.S. federal income taxes,less applicable foreign tax credits. Further, repatriation of some foreign balances may be restricted by local laws. As of 
January 29, 2017 , we have not provided for U.S.
 federal and state income taxes on approximately $3.13 billion of undistributed earnings of non-United States subsidiaries, as such earnings are consideredindefinitely
 reinvested outside the United States. Although we have no current need to do so, if we repatriate foreign earnings for cash requirements in the UnitedStates,
 we would incur U.S. federal and state income tax, less applicable foreign tax credits, and reduced by the current amount of our U.S. federal and state netoperating
 loss and tax credit carryforwards. Further, in addition to the $2.24 billion of cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities held within the UnitedStates
 and available to fund our U.S. operations and any other U.S. cash needs, we have access to external sources of financing if cash is needed in the UnitedStates
 other than by repatriation of foreign earnings where U.S. income tax may otherwise be due.  Accordingly, we do not reasonably expect any material effecton our business, as a whole, or to our finan
cial flexibility with respect to our current cash balances held outside of the United States.Capital Return to Shareholders
Dividend
 payments and share repurchases must be made from cash held in the United States. During fiscal year 2017, we repurchased a total of 15  millionshares for 
$739 million and paid $261 million in  cash dividends to our shareholders. As a result, we returned $1.00 billion to shareholders  during fiscal year 2017,utilizing a signific
ant amount of our U.S. cash balance previously taxed as of January 29, 2017.For
 fiscal  year  2018,  we  intend  to  return  approximately  $1.25  billion  to  shareholders  through ongoing  quarterly  cash  dividends  and share  repurchases.  InNovember 2016, the Board authorized 
an additional  $2.00 billion  under our repurchase progra m and extended it through December 2020.Our
 cash  dividend  program  and  the  payment  of  future  cash  dividends  under  that  program  are  subject  to  continued  capital  availability  and  our  Board'scontinuing
 determination that the dividend program and the declaration of dividends thereunder are in the best interests of our shareholders and are in compliancewith
 all laws and agreements of NVIDIA applicable to the declaration and payment of cash dividends. Please refer to Note 14 of the Notes to the ConsolidatedFinancial Statements in Pa
rt IV, Item 15 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for further discussion.Convertible Notes
In
 December 2013, we issued $1.50 billion of Convertible Notes that mature on December 1, 2018 unless repurchased or converted prior to such date. TheConvertible Notes first became convertible at the holders’ o
ption beginning on the first day of fiscal year 2017. We utilized U.S. cash to settle an aggregate of $673 million 
in  principal amount of the Convertible Notes during fiscal year 2017 and we have received additional conversion notices for an aggregate of  $660 million  in
 principal amount, $502  million of  which have already settled, $103 million of which are expected to be settled in the first quarter of fiscal year 2018, and $55million
 of which are expected to be settled in the second quarter of fiscal year 2018. Please refer to Note 11 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statementsin Part IV, Item 15 of this Annual Repor
t on Form 10-K for further discussion.Notes Due 2021 and Notes Due 2026
On
 September 16, 2016, we issued $1.00 billion of the Notes Due 2021 and $1.00 billion of the Notes Due 2026. The net proceeds from the Notes were $1.98billion,
 after deducting debt discounts and issuance costs. We intend to use the net proceeds from the Notes to prefund the repayment of the principal amount ofearly conversions of our Convert
ible Notes and for general corporate purposes such as dividend payments or share repurchases.39
Table of ContentsRevolving Credit Facility
On October 7, 2016, we entered into a Cre
dit Agreement under which we may borrow, repay and re-borrow amounts from time to time, up to $575 million, forworking
 capital and other general corporate purposes. The commitments under the Credit Agreement are available for a 5-year period ending on October 7, 2021,on which date all outstanding obligations w
ould be due and payable. The Credit Agreement also permits us to obtain additional revolving loan commitments and/orcommitments
 to issue letters of credit of up to $425 million, subject to certain conditions. As of January  29, 2017 ,  we had not borrowed any amounts under theCredit Agreement.
Operating Capital and Capital Expenditure Requ
irements 
We
 believe  that  our  existing  cash  balances  and  anticipated  cash  flows  from  operations  will  be  sufficient  to  meet  our  operating  and  capital  expenditurerequirements for at 
least the next twelve months.Contractual Obligations
The following table summar
izes our contractual obligations as of January 29, 2017 :  
Payment Due By Period Contractual Obligations
Total  Less than1 Year
 1-3 Years 4-5 Years More than5 Years
 All Other 
(In millions)   1.00% Convertible Notes (1)
$ 831  $831  $—  $—  $—  $— Long-term debt (2)
2,430  54  162  1,086  1,128  — Inventory purchase obligat
ions1,001  1,001  —  —  —  — Operating leases (3)
140  42  56  29  13  — Uncertain
 tax  positions,  interest  and  penalties(4)
96  —  —  —  —  96 Capital purchase obligat
ions38  38  —  —  —  — Capital lease
11  5  6  —  —  — Restructuring related ob
ligation (5)13  13  —  —  —  — Total contractual obligations
$ 4,560  $1,984  $224  $1,115  $1,141  $96 (1)
Represents  the aggregate principal amount of $827  million and  anticipated interest payments of $4  million for  the Convertible Notes. See Note  11 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financia
l Statements in Part IV, Item 15 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.(2)
Represents  the aggregate principal amount of $2.00 billion and anticipated interest payments of $430 million for the Notes. See Note  11 of  the Notes tothe Consolidated Financial Sta
tements in Part IV, Item 15 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.(3)
Excludes  operating lease payments that we expect to make under an operating lease financing arrangement following construction of a new headquartersbuilding
 in Santa Clara, California, which is currently targeted for completion in the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2018. The amount of the operating leasepayments
 will  be  determined  after  the  completion  of  construction.  See  the  section  below  titled  “Off-Balance  Sheet  Arrangements”  for  additionalinformation.
(4)
Represents  unrecognized tax benefits of $96  million which  consists of $83  million and  the related interest and penalties of $13  million recorded  in non-current
 income tax payable as of January  29, 2017 .  We are unable to reasonably estimate the timing of any potential tax liability or interest/penaltypayments in individual yea
rs due to uncertainties in the underlying income tax positions and the timing of the effective settlement of such tax positions.(5)
Our  operating expenses for the fiscal year 2017 included $3  million of  restructuring and other charges related to the wind-down of our Icera modemoperations. The 
$13 million represents the remaining bala nce of the restructuring liability as of January 29, 2017 . 40
Table of ContentsOff-Balance Sheet Arrangements
We are constructing a new headquarters building in Santa Clara, Calif
ornia, which is currently targeted for completion in the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2018.We
 are financing this construction under an off-balance sheet, build-to-suit operating lease arrangement. The banks have committed to fund up to $380 million ofcosts relating
 to construction. Once construction is complete, the lease balance will remain static at the completed cost for the remaining duration of the lease term.During
 construction, accrued interest will be capitalized into the lease balance. Following construction, we will pay rent in the form of interest. The lease has aninitial
 7.5 year term expiring on December 19, 2022, consisting of an approximately 2.5 year construction period followed by a 5 year lease term. We have theoption
 to renew this lease for up to three additional 5 year periods, subject to approval by the banks. During the term of the lease, we may elect to purchase theheadquarters
 building for the amount of the banks’ investment in the building and any accrued but unpaid rent. At the end of the lease term, we may elect to buythe
 building for the outstanding balance on the maturity date or arrange for the cash sale of the building to an unaffiliated third party. The aggregate guaranteemade
 by us under the lease is no more than 87.5% of the costs incurred in connection with the construction of the building. Please refer to Note 12 of  the Notes tothe
 Consolidated Financial  Statements  in Part IV, Item 15 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for further  discussion regarding  our operating  lease financingarrangement.
Adoption of New and Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements
Please see 
Note 1  of  the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part IV, Item 15 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for a discussion of adoptionof new and recently issued ac
counting pronouncements. 
ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND
 QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISKInvestment and Interest Rate Risk
 
As of 
January 29, 2017 and January 31, 2016 , we had $6.80 billion and $5.04 billion , respectively,  in cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities. As ofJanuary 29, 2017 
, we did not have any investments in auction-rate preferred securities.As
 of January  29, 2017 ,  we performed a sensitivity analysis on our floating and fixed rate financial investments. According to our analysis, parallel shifts inthe yield curve of both plus or 
minus 0.5% would result in changes in fair values for these investments of $33 million . Investments
 in both fixed and floating rate interest earning instruments carry a degree of interest rate risk. Fixed rate debt securities may have their marketvalue
 adversely impacted due to a rise in interest rates, while floating rate securities may produce less income than expected if interest rates fall. Due in part tothese
 factors, our future investment income may be negatively impacted due to changes in interest rates or if the decline in fair value of our publicly traded debt orequity
 investments is judged to be other-than-temporary. We may suffer losses in principal if we are forced to sell securities that decline in market value due tochanges
 in interest rates. However, because any debt securities we hold are classified as “available-for-sale,” no gains or losses are realized in our ConsolidatedStatements
 of Income due to changes in interest rates unless such securities are sold prior to maturity or unless declines in market values are determined to beother-than-temporary.
Other
 income  (expense),  net,  could  also  vary  depending  on  gains  or  losses  realized  on  the  sale  or  exchange  of  financial  instruments;  impairment  chargesrelated
 to debt securities as well as equity and other investments; interest rates; cash, cash equivalent and marketable securities balances; and foreign exchangefluctuations.
 Volatility  in  the  financial  markets  and  economic  uncertainty  increases  the  risk  that  the  actual  amounts  realized  in  the  future  on  our  financialinstruments
 could  differ  significantly  from  the  fair  values  currently  assigned  to  them.  As  of January  29,  2017 ,  our  investments  in  government  agencies  andgovernment
 sponsored  enterprises  represented 40% of  our  total  investment  portfolio,  while  the  financial  sector  accounted  for 27% of  our  total  investmentportfolio.
 Substantially all of our investments are with A/A3 or better rated securities. If the fair value of our investments in these sectors was to decline by 2% -5%, the fair values of th
ese investments could decline by approximately $73 million - $184 million . In
 December 2013, we issued $1.50  billion of  Convertible Notes. In September 2016, we issued $1.00 billion of the Notes Due 2021 and $1.00 billion of theNotes
 Due 2026. In October 2016, we also established a revolving credit facility under which we may borrow, repay and re-borrow amounts from time to time, upto
 $575  million.  Please  refer  to  Note  11  of  the  Notes  to  the  Consolidated  Financial  Statements  in  Part  IV,  Item  15  of  this  Annual  Report  on  Form  10-K  foradditional
 information. We carry the Notes at face value less unamortized discount on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. Since the Notes bear interest at a fixedrate,
 we have no financial statement risk associated with changes in interest rates. However, the fair value of the Notes changes primarily when the market price ofour stock fluctuates.
41
Table of ContentsWe are
 financing the construction of our new headquarters building under an off-balance sheet, build-to-suit operating lease financing arrangement. Followingconstruction,
 we will pay rent in the form of interest that is based on a variable interest rate and is, therefore, affected by changes in market interest rates. In orderto mitigate the int
erest rate risk on the operating lease financing arrangement, in fiscal year 2016, we entered into an interest rate swap for a portion of the operatinglease
 financing arrangement, which entitles us to pay amounts based on a fixed interest rate in exchange for receipt of amounts based on variable interest rates.Please
 refer  to Notes  9 and  12 of the  Notes to  the Consolidated  Financial  Statements  in  Part IV,  Item  15  of this Annual  Report on  Form 10-K  for additionalinformation.
 If the syndicate of banks that are participants to the operating lease financing arrangement were to fail to fund loans for any reason, we would remainliable
 for payments due under the swap unless we were to settle the swap. If we were to settle the swap at a time when interest rates have fallen (relative to theswap’s inception), the pric
e to settle the swap could be significant.Foreign Exchange Rate Risk
 
We
 consider our direct exposure to foreign exchange rate fluctuations to be minimal. Gains or losses from foreign currency remeasurement are included in“Other
 income (expense), net” in our Consolidated Statements of Income and to date have not been significant. The impact of foreign currency transaction gain(loss) included in deter
mining net income was not significant for fiscal years 2017 , 2016 , and 2015 . Sales
 and arrangements with third-party manufacturers provide for pricing and payment in United States dollars, and, therefore, are not subject to exchangerate
 fluctuations. Increases in the value of the United States’ dollar relative to other currencies would make our products more expensive, which could negativelyimpact
 our ability to compete. Conversely, decreases in the value of the United States’ dollar relative to other currencies could result in our suppliers raising theirprices
 in order to continue doing business with us. Additionally, we have international operations and incur expenditures in currencies other than U.S. dollars. Ouroperating expenses benefi
t from a stronger dollar and are adversely affected by a weaker dollar. 
During
 fiscal  year  2017,  we  entered  into  foreign  currency  forward  contracts  to  mitigate  the  impact  of  foreign  currency  exchange  rate  movements  on  ouroperating expenses. We designate these contracts as cash
 flow hedges and assess the effectiveness of the hedge relationships on a spot to spot basis. Gains or losseson the contracts are r
ecorded in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss), and then reclassified to operating expense when the related operating expenses arerecognized in earnings or 
ineffectiveness should occur.During fiscal year
 2017, we also entered into foreign currency forward contracts to mitigate the impact of foreign currency movements on monetary assets andliabilities
 that are denominated in currencies other than our reporting currency. The change in fair value of these contracts is recorded as a component of otherincome
 (expense), net, and offsets the change in fair value of the foreign currency denominated monetary assets and liabilities, which is also recorded in otherincome (expense), net.
Please see Note 9 of the Notes to th
e Consolidated Financial Statements in Part IV, Item 15 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information.ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATE
MENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
The information requir
ed by this Item is set forth in our Consolidated Financial Statements and Notes thereto included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
ITEM 9. CHANGES 
IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURENone.
 
42
Table of ContentsITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND
 PROCEDURES 
Controls and Procedures
 
Disclosure Controls and Procedures
 
Based on
 their evaluation as of January 29, 2017 , our  management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, has concluded that ourdisclosure
 controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act) were effective toprovide reasonable assuran
ce. 
Management’s Annual Report on Internal Control Ov
er Financial Reporting 
Our
 management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Exchange ActRule
 13a-15(f).  Under  the  supervision  and  with  the  participation  of  our  management,  including  our  Chief  Executive  Officer  and  Chief  Financial  Officer,  weconducted an evaluation of 
the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of January 29, 2017 based on the criteria s et forth in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) 
issued by  the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on our evaluation under the criteria setforth
 in Internal  Control — Integrated Framework ,  our management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of January 29, 2017 
.  
The
 effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of January  29, 2017 has  been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, an independentregistered public ac
counting firm, as stated in its report which is included herein. 
Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Repor
ting 
There
 were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during our last fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely tomaterially affect, our internal contr
ol over financial reporting. 
Inherent Limitations on Effect
iveness of Controls 
Our
 management,  including  our  Chief  Executive  Officer  and  Chief  Financial  Officer,  does  not  expect  that  our  disclosure  controls  and  procedures  or  ourinternal
 controls, will prevent all error and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute,assurance
 that the objectives of the control system are met. Further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and thebenefits
 of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provideabsolute assurance that 
all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within NVIDIA have been detected. 
ITEM 9B.  OTHER INFORMATION
 
None.
43
Table of ContentsPART III
 
Certain information
 required by Part III is omitted from this report because we will file with the SEC a definitive proxy statement pursuant to Regulation 14A,or the 
2017 Proxy Statement, no later th an 120 days after fiscal year 2017, and certain information included therein is incorporated herein by reference.ITEM 10. DIRECTORS,
 EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
Identification of Directors
 
Information
 regarding directors required by this item will be contained in our 2017 Proxy  Statement under the caption “Proposal 1 - Election of Directors,”and is hereby incorporated by 
reference.Identification of Executive Off
icers 
Reference
 is made to the information regarding executive officers appearing under the heading “Executive Officers of the Registrant” in Part I of this AnnualReport on Form 10-K, which information is h
ereby incorporated by reference. 
Identification of Audit Committee and Financial Experts
 
Information
 regarding our Audit Committee required by this item will be contained in our 2017 Proxy  Statement under the captions “Report of the AuditCommittee of the Board of Dir
ectors” and “Information About the Board of Directors and Corporate Governance,” and is hereby incorporated by reference.Material Changes to Procedures for Recom
mending Directors 
Information
 regarding  procedures  for  recommending  directors  required  by  this  item  will  be  contained  in  our  2017  Proxy  Statement  under  the  caption“Information About the Board of Di
rectors and Corporate Governance,” and is hereby incorporated by reference.Compliance with Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act
Information
 regarding compliance with Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act required by this item will be contained in our 2017 Proxy  Statement under thecaption “Section 16(a) Bene
ficial Ownership Reporting Compliance,” and is hereby incorporated by reference.Code of Conduct
 
Information
 regarding our Code of Conduct required by this item will be contained in our 2017 Proxy  Statement under the caption “Information About theBoard
 of Directors and Corporate Governance - Code of Conduct,” and is hereby incorporated by reference. The full text of our Code of Conduct and FinancialTeam
 Code of Conduct are published on the Investor Relations portion of our website, under Corporate Governance, at www.nvidia.com. The contents of ourwebsite are not a part of 
this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE CO
MPENSATION 
Information
 regarding  our  executive  compensation  required  by  this  item  will  be  contained  in  our 2017 Proxy  Statement  under  the  captions  “ExecutiveCompensation”, “Compensation
 Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation”, “Director Compensation” and “Compensation Committee Report,” and is herebyincorporated by reference.
44
Table of ContentsITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CER
TAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERSOwnership of NVIDIA Securities
 
Information
 regarding  ownership  of  NVIDIA  securities  required  by  this  item  will  be  contained  in  our 2017 Proxy  Statement  under  the  caption  “SecurityOwnership of Certain Beneficia
l Owners and Management,” and is hereby incorporated by reference.Equity Compensation Plan Information
           
Information
 regarding  our  equity  compensation  plans  required  by  this  item  will  be  contained  in  our 2017 Proxy  Statement  under  the  caption  "EquityCompensation Plan Information," 
and is hereby incorporated by reference.ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATI
ONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
Information
 regarding related transactions and director independence required by this item will be contained in our 2017 Proxy  Statement under the captions“Review
 of Transactions with Related Persons” and “Information About the Board of Directors and Corporate Governance - Independence of the Members of theBoard of Directors,” and is her
eby incorporated by reference.ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL
 ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 
Information
 regarding accounting fees and services required by this item will be contained in our 2017 Proxy  Statement under the caption “Fees Billed by theIndependent Registered Public Ac
counting Firm,” and is hereby incorporated by reference. 45
Table of ContentsPART IV
 
ITEM 15.                      EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL S
TATEMENT SCHEDULE             
 
   Page (a)
1. Consolidated Financial Statements  
       Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm47  
       Consolidated Statements of Income for the years ended January 29, 2017, January 31, 2016, and January 25, 201548  
       Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the years ended January 29, 2017, January 31, 2016, and January 25, 201549  
       Consolidated Balance Sheets as of January 29, 2017 and January 31, 201650  
       Consolidated Statements of Shareholders’ Equity for the years ended January 29, 2017, January 31, 2016, and January 25, 201551  
       Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended January 29, 2017, January 31, 2016, and January 25, 2015  52  
       Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements54  
     2. Financial Statement Schedule  
       Schedule II Valuation and Qualifying Accounts93  
     3. Exhibits  
     
  The exhibits listed in the accompanying index to exhibits are filed or incorporated by reference as a part of this Annual Report onForm 10-K.
94 46
Table of ContentsREPORT OF INDEPENDENT RE
GISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM  To the Stockholders and Board of Direc
tors of NVIDIA Corporation:In
 our opinion, the consolidated financial statements listed in the index appearing under Item 15(a)(1) present fairly, in all material respects, the financial positionof
 NVIDIA Corporation and its subsidiaries at January 29, 2017 and January 31, 2016, and the results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the threeyears in the period ended Janu
ary 29, 2017 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. In addition, in our opinion,the financial statement schedule
 listed in the index appearing under item 15(a)( 2) presents fairly, in all material respects, the information set forth therein when readin
 conjunction with the related consolidated financial statements. Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal controlover
 financial  reporting  as  of  January  29,  2017,  based  on  criteria  established  in Internal  Control -  Integrated  Framework (2013)  issued by  the Committee  ofSponsoring Organizations of the Treadway
 Commission (COSO). The Company's management is responsible for these financial statements and financial statementschedule,
 for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting,included
 in  Management's  Report  on  Internal  Control  over  Financial  Reporting  appearing  under  Item  9A.  Our  responsibility  is  to  express  opinions  on  thesefinancial
 statements,  on  the  financial  statement  schedule,  and  on  the  Company's  internal  control  over  financial  reporting  based  on  our  integrated  audits.  Weconducted
 our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we planand
 perform  the  audits  to  obtain  reasonable  assurance  about  whether  the  financial  statements  are  free  of  material  misstatement  and  whether  effective  internalcontrol
 over  financial  reporting  was  maintained  in  all  material  respects.  Our  audits  of  the  financial  statements  included  examining,  on  a  test  basis,  evidencesupporting
 the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements, assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, andevaluating the overall
 financial statement presentation. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal controlover
 financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal controlbased
 on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our auditsprovide a reasonable basis 
for our opinions.As
 discussed in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company changed the manner in which it accounts for the income tax effects of share-basedpayments in fiscal yea
r 2017.A
 company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and thepreparation
 of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company’s internal control over financialreporting includes those policies and procedures that
 (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactionsand
 dispositions  of  the  assets  of  the  company;  (ii)  provide  reasonable  assurance  that  transactions  are  recorded  as  necessary  to  permit  preparation  of  financialstatements in
 accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance withauthorizations
 of  management  and  directors  of  the  company;  and  (iii)  provide  reasonable  assurance  regarding  prevention  or  timely  detection  of  unauthorizedacquisition, use, or disposition o
f the company’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.Because
 of  its  inherent  limitations,  internal  control  over  financial  reporting  may  not  prevent  or  detect  misstatements.  Also,  projections  of  any  evaluation  ofeffectiveness
 to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance withthe policies or procedur
es may deteriorate./s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP
San Jose, California    
March 1, 2017
47
Table of ContentsNVIDIA CORPORATION AND
 SUBSIDIARIESCONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF
 INCOME(In millions, except per share data)
 
Year Ended  
January 29, 2017
 January 31, 2016
 January 25, 2015
Revenue
$ 6,910  $5,010  $4,682 Cost of revenue
2,847  2,199  2,083 Gross profit
4,063  2,811  2,599 Operating expenses:
     Research and development
1,463  1,331  1,360 Sales, general and adminis
trative663  602  480 Restructuring and other cha
rges3  131  — Total operating expenses
2,129  2,064  1,840 Income from operations
1,934  747  759 Interest income
54  39  28 Interest expense
(58 ) (47 ) (46 )Other income (expense), net
(25 ) 4  14 Income before income 
tax expense1,905  743  755 Income tax expense
239  129  124 Net income
$ 1,666  $614  $631  
     Net income per share:
     Basic
$ 3.08  $1.13  $1.14 Diluted
$ 2.57  $1.08  $1.12  
     Weighted average shar
es used in per share computation:     Basic
541  543  552 Diluted
649  569  563  
     Cash dividends declared and paid p
er common share$ 0.485  $0.395  $0.340   
See accompanying notes to the 
consolidated financial statements.48
Table of ContentsNVIDIA CORPORATION AND
 SUBSIDIARIESCONSOLIDATED STATEME
NTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME(In millions)
 
 Year Ended  
 January 29, 2017 January 31, 2016 January 25, 2015Net income
 $1,666  $614  $631 Other comprehensive incom
e (loss), net of tax:      Available-for-sale securities:
      Net unrealized gain (loss)
 (17 ) (6 ) 3 Reclassification adjustments
 for net realized gain (loss) included in net income 1  (2 ) — Net change in unrealized g
ain (loss) (16 ) (8 ) 3 Cash flow hedges:
      Net unrealized gain (loss)
 2  (4 ) — Reclassification adjustments
 for net realized gain included in net income 2  —  — Net change in unrealized g
ain (loss) 4  (4 ) — Other comprehensive incom
e (loss), net of tax (12 ) (12 ) 3 Total comprehensive income
 $1,654  $602  $634 See accompanying notes to the 
consolidated financial statements.49
Table of ContentsNVIDIA CORPORATION AND
 SUBSIDIARIESCONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS
(In millions, except per share data)
 
January 29, 2017  January 31, 2016ASSETS
   Current assets:
   Cash and cash equivalents
$ 1,766  $596 Marketable securities
5,032  4,441 Accounts receivable, less 
allowances of $13 as of January 29, 2017 and $11 as of January 31, 2016826  505 Inventories
794  418 Prepaid expenses and other cur
rent assets118  93 Total current assets
8,536  6,053 Property and equipment, net
521  466 Goodwill
618  618 Intangible assets, net
104  166 Other assets
62  67 Total assets
$ 9,841  $7,370  
   LIABILITIES, CONVERTI
BLE DEBT CONVERSION OBLIGATION AND SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITYCurrent liabilities:
   Accounts payable
$ 485  $296 Accrued and other current 
liabilities507  642 Convertible short-term d
ebt796  1,413 Total current liabilities
1,788  2,351 Long-term debt
1,983  — Other long-term liabilities
271  453 Capital lease obligat
ions, long-term6  10  Total liabilities
4,048  2,814 Commitments and contingenc
ies - see Note 12 Convertible debt conversion obl
igation31  87 Shareholders’ equity:
   Preferred stock, $.001 par valu
e; 2 shares authorized; none issued—  — Common
 stock,  $.001  par  value;  2,000  shares  authorized;  868  shares  issued  and  585  outstanding  as  ofJanuary 29, 2017; 780 shares issued and 539 outst
anding as of January 31, 20161  1 Additional paid-in capital
4,708  4,170 Treasury stock, at cost (283 sha
res in 2017 and 242 shares in 2016)(5,039 )  (4,048 ) Accumulated other compr
ehensive loss(16 ) (4 )Retained earnings
6,108  4,350 Total shareholders' equity
5,762  4,469 Total liabilities, 
convertible debt conversion obligation and shareholders' equity$ 9,841  $7,370  
See accompanying notes to the 
consolidated financial statements.50
Table of ContentsNVIDIA CORPORATION AND
 SUBSIDIARIESCONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF
 SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY(In millions, except per share data)
 
Common  StockOutstanding
 Additional Treasury Accumulated OtherComprehensive
 Retained Total Shareholders' 
Shares  Amount  Paid-in Capital  Stock  Income (Loss)  Earnings  EquityBalances, January 26, 2014
568  $1  $3,483  $(2,538 )  $5  $3,504  $4,455 Other comprehensive income
—  —  —  —  3  —  3 Net income
—  —  —  —  —  631  631 Issuance of common stock from s
tock plans 24  —  197  —  —  —  197 Tax withholding related to vesting of res
tricted stock units(3 ) —  —  (43 ) —  —  (43 )Share repurchase
(44 ) —  —  (814 )   —  (814 )Cash dividends declared and paid ($0.340 per common
share)
—  —  —  —  —  (186 ) (186 )Tax benefit from stock-based compensat
ion  — —  17  —  —  —  17 Stock-based compensation
— —  158  —  —  —  158 Balances, January 25, 2015
545 1  3,855  (3,395 )  8  3,949  4,418 Other comprehensive loss
— —  —  —  (12 ) —  (12 )Net income
—  —  —  —  —  614  614 Issuance of common stock from s
tock plans 22  —  186  —  —  —  186 Tax withholding related to vesting of res
tricted stock units(3 ) —  —  (66 ) —  —  (66 )Share repurchase
(25) —  —  (587 ) —  —  (587 )Cash dividends declared and paid ($0.395 per common
share)
—  —  —  —  —  (213 ) (213 )Tax benefit from stock-based compensat
ion  —  —  10  —  —  —  10 Stock-based compensation
—  —  206  —  —  —  206 Reclassification of convertible deb
t conversion obligation—  —  (87 ) —  —  —  (87 )Balances, January 31, 2016
539 1  4,170  (4,048 )  (4 ) 4,350  4,469 Retained
 earnings  adjustment  due  to  adoption  of  anaccounting standard related to stock-ba
sed compensation—  —  —  —  —  353  353 Other comprehensive loss
—  —  —  —  (12 ) —  (12 )Net income
—  —  —  —  —  1,666  1,666 Issuance of common stock in exchange for warran
ts44  —  (1 ) —  —  —  (1 )Convertible debt conversion
23  —  (6 ) —  —  —  (6 )Issuance of common stock from s
tock plans 20  —  167  —  —  —  167 Tax withholding related to vesting of res
tricted stock units(3 ) —  —  (177 ) —  —  (177 )Share repurchase
(15 ) —  —  (739 ) —  —  (739 )Exercise of convertible note hedges
(23 ) —  75  (75 ) —  —  — Cash
 dividends  declared  and  paid  ($0.485  per  commonshare)
—  —  —  —  —  (261 ) (261 )Stock-based compensation
—  —  248  —  —  —  248 Reclassification of convertible deb
t conversion obligation—  —  55  —  —  —  55 Balances, January 29, 2017
585  $1  $4,708  $(5,039 )  $(16 ) $6,108  $5,762 See accompanying notes to the 
consolidated financial statements.51
Table of ContentsNVIDIA CORPORATION AND
 SUBSIDIARIESCONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF
 CASH FLOWS(In millions)
 
  Year Ended   
January 29, 2017  January 31, 2016 January 25, 2015Cash flows from operating activities:
     Net income
$ 1,666  $614  $631 Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities:
     Depreciation and amortization
187  197  220 Stock-based compensation expense
247  204  158 Restructuring and other charges
—  45  — Amortization of debt discount
25  29  28 Net gain on sale and disposal of long-lived assets and investments
(3 ) (6 ) (17 )Loss on early debt conversions
21  —  — Deferred income taxes
197  134  83 Tax benefit from stock-based compensation
—  (10 ) (18 )Other
11  19  24 Changes in operating assets and liabilities, net of effects of acquisitions:
     Accounts receivable
(321 ) (32 ) (49 )Inventories
(375 ) 66  (95 )Prepaid expenses and other assets
(18 ) (16 ) 4 Accounts payable
184  (11 ) (27 )Accrued and other current liabilities
(135 ) 39  5 Other long-term liabilities
(14 ) (97 ) (41 )Net cash provided by operating activities
1,672  1,175  906 Cash flows from investing activities:
     Proceeds from sales of marketable securities
1,546  2,102  1,372 Proceeds from maturities of marketable securities
969  1,036  865 Proceeds from sale of long-lived assets and investments
7  7  21 Purchases of marketable securities
(3,134 )  (3,477 )  (2,862 ) Purchases of property and equipment and intangible assets
(176 ) (86 ) (122 )Reimbursement of headquarters building development costs from banks
—  24  — Other
(5 ) (6 ) (1 )Net cash used in investing activities
(793 ) (400 ) (727 )Cash flows from financing activities:
     Proceeds from issuance of notes, net
1,988  —  — Payments related to repurchases of common stock
(739) (587 ) (814 )Repayment of convertible notes
(673 ) —  — Dividends paid
(261 ) (213 ) (186 )Net proceeds (payments) related to employee stock plans
(9 ) 120  154 Payments for debt issuance costs
(8 ) —  — Tax benefit from stock-based compensation
—  10  18 Other
(7 ) (6 ) (6 )Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities
291  (676 ) (834 )Change in cash and cash equivalents
1,170  99  (655 )Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period
596  497  1,152 Cash and cash equivalents at end of period
$ 1,766  $596  $497 52
Table of Contents 
Year Ended  
January 29, 2017  January 31, 2016 January 25, 2015Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information:
     Cash paid for income taxes, net
$ 14  $14  $14 Cash paid for interest
$ 13  $17  $17  
     Non-cash investing and financing activities:
     Assets acquired by assuming related liabilities
$ 16  $19  $10 Goodwill adjustment related to previously acquired business
$ —  $—  $(25 )See accompanying notes to the 
consolidated financial statements.53
Table of ContentsNVIDIA CORPORATION AND
 SUBSIDIARIESNOTES TO THE CONS
OLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
Note 1 
- Organization and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 
Our Company
Starting with a focus on PC graphics, NVIDIA invented 
the GPU to solve some of the most complex problems in computer science. We have extended ouremphasis in recent years t
o the revolutionary field of artificial intelligence.Our
 GPU product brands are aimed at specialized markets including GeForce for gamers; Quadro for designers; Tesla and DGX for AI data scientists and bigdata
 researchers; and GRID for cloud-based visual computing users. Our Tegra brand integrates an entire computer onto a single chip, and incorporates GPUs andmulti-core CPUs to drive superco
mputing for mobile gaming and entertainment devices, as well as autonomous robots, drones and cars.Headquartered in Santa Clar
a, California, NVIDIA was incorporated in California in April 1993 and reincorporated in Delaware in April 1998.   
All
 references to “NVIDIA,” “we,” “us,” “our” or the “Company” mean NVIDIA Corporation and its subsidiaries, except where it is made clear that the termmeans only the parent comp
any.Fiscal Year
 
We
 operate on a 52- or 53-week year, ending on the last Sunday in January. Fiscal years 2017 and 2015 were 52-week years and fiscal year 2016 was a 53-week year.
Reclassifications
Certain prior fiscal year bala
nces have been reclassified to conform to the current fiscal year presentation.Principles of Consolidation
 
Our
 consolidated  financial  statements  include  the  accounts  of  NVIDIA  Corporation  and  our  wholly-owned  subsidiaries.  All  intercompany  balances  andtransactions have been elimi
nated in consolidation.Use of Estimates
 
The preparation
 of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States, or U.S. GAAP, requires managementto
 make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of thefinancial
 statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. On an on-going
 basis, we evaluate our estimates, including those related to revenue recognition, cash equivalents and marketable securities, accounts receivable, inventories,income
 taxes, goodwill, stock-based compensation, litigation, investigation and settlement costs, restructuring and other charges, and other contingencies. Theseestimates are based on h
istorical facts and various other assumptions that we believe are reasonable.Revenue Recognition
 
Product Revenue
We
 recognize  revenue  from  product  sales  when  persuasive  evidence  of  an  arrangement  exists,  the  product  has  been  delivered,  the  price  is  fixed  ordeterminable
 and  collection  of  the  related  receivable  is  reasonably  assured.  For  most  sales,  we  use  a  binding  purchase  order  and  in  certain  cases  we  use  acontractual
 agreement as evidence of an arrangement. We consider delivery to occur upon shipment provided title and risk of loss have passed to the customer. Atthe
 point of sale, we assess whether the arrangement fee is fixed or determinable and whether collection is reasonably assured. If we determine that collection of afee
 is  not  reasonably  assured,  we  defer  the  fee  and  recognize  revenue  at  the  time  collection  becomes  reasonably  assured,  which  is  generally  upon  receipt  ofpayment.
 
54
Table of ContentsNVIDIA CORPORATION AND
 SUBSIDIARIESNOTES TO THE CONS
OLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS(Continued)
For sales
 to certain distributors with rights of return for which the level of returns cannot be reasonably estimated, our policy is to defer recognition of revenueand related cost of rev
enue until the distributors resell the product and, in some cases, when customer return rights lapse.Our
 customer programs primarily involve rebates, which are designed to serve as sales incentives to resellers of our products in various target markets. Weaccount
 for rebates as a reduction of revenue and accrue for 100% of the potential rebates and do not apply a breakage factor. While we have a long history ofrebate
 arrangements with original equipment manufacturers, or OEMs, we believe we are unable to apply our historical experience to reliably estimate the amountof
 rebates that will eventually be claimed by individual OEMs. In such cases, the OEMs may not be our direct customers and therefore the quantity and mix ofdemand
 they place on their contract equipment manufacturers, or CEMs, and original device manufacturers, or ODMs, may shift as we introduce new generationsand
 iterations of products and as we experience changes in new competitor offerings. In addition, we typically find that approximately 95% of the rebates weaccrue each year are eventually claimed, which is substantially close to 100%, and that this percentage varie
s by program and by customer. We recognize a liabilityfor these rebates at 
the later of the date at which we record the related revenue or the date at which we offer the rebate. Rebates typically expire six months from thedate
 of the original sale, unless we reasonably believe that the customer intends to claim the rebate. Unclaimed rebates are reversed to revenue, the amount ofwhich typically represen
ts less than 0.5% of total revenue.Our
 customer programs also include marketing development funds, or MDFs. MDFs represent monies paid to retailers, system builders, OEMs, distributors,add-in
 card  partners  and  other  channel  partners  that  are  earmarked  for  market  segment  development  and  expansion  and  typically  are  designed  to  support  ourpartners’
 activities while also promoting NVIDIA products. Depending on market conditions, we may take actions to increase amounts offered under customerprograms,
 possibly resulting in an incremental reduction of revenue at the time such programs are offered. We account for MDFs as a reduction of revenue andapply
 a breakage factor to certain types of MDF program accruals for which we believe we can make a reasonable and reliable estimate of the amount that willultimately be unclaimed.
We
 also record a reduction to revenue by establishing a sales return allowance for estimated product returns at the time revenue is recognized, based primarilyon
 historical return rates. However, if product returns for a particular fiscal period exceed historical return rates we may determine that additional sales returnallowances are requir
ed to properly reflect our estimated exposure for product returns.License and Development Revenue
For
 license arrangements that require significant customization of our intellectual property components, we generally recognize the related revenue over theperiod
 that services are performed. For most license and service arrangements, we determine progress to completion based on actual cost incurred to date as apercentage
 of  the  estimated  total  cost  required  to  complete  the  project.  A  provision  for  estimated  losses  on  contracts  is  made  in  the  period  in  which  the  lossbecomes
 probable and can be reasonably estimated. Costs incurred in advance of revenue recognized are recorded as deferred costs on uncompleted contracts. Ifthe amount billed exce
eds the amount of revenue recognized, the excess amount is recorded as deferred revenue.For
 license arrangements that do not require significant customization but where we are obligated to provide further deliverables over the term of the licenseagreement, we record reven
ue over the life of the license term, with consideration received in advance of the performance period classified as deferred revenue.Royalty
 revenue  is  recognized  related  to  the  distribution  or  sale  of  products  that  use  our  technologies  under  license  agreements  with  third  parties.   Werecognize royalty revenue 
upon receipt of a confirmation of earned royalties and when collectability is reasonably assured from the applicable licensee.55
Table of ContentsNVIDIA CORPORATION AND
 SUBSIDIARIESNOTES TO THE CONS
OLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS(Continued)
Restructuring and Other Charges
Our
 restructuring and other charges include employee severance and related costs, the write-down of assets, and other exit costs. The severance and relatedcosts
 include one-time termination benefits as well as certain statutory termination benefits or employee terminations under ongoing benefit arrangements. One-time
 termination benefits are recognized as a liability at estimated fair value when the approved plan of termination has been communicated to employees, unlessemployees must provide future service,
 in which case the benefits are recognized ratably over the future service period. Ongoing termination benefits arrangementsare
 recognized as a liability at estimated fair value when the amount of such benefits becomes estimable and payment is probable. Any contract termination costsare recognized
 at estimated fair value when we terminate the contract in accordance with the contract terms. Other associated costs are recognized in the period theliability is incurred.
Advertising Expenses
We
 expense advertising costs in the period in which they are incurred. Advertising expenses for fiscal years 2017 , 2016 ,  and 2015 were  $ 17  million , $30million 
, and $21 million , respectively. Rent Expense
 
We recognize rent exp
ense on a straight-line basis over the lease period and accrue for rent expense incurred, but not paid. 
Product Warranties
 
We
 generally offer limited warranty to end-users that ranges from one to three years for products in order to repair or replace products for any manufacturingdefects
 or hardware component failures. Cost of revenue includes the estimated cost of product warranties that are calculated at the point of revenue recognition.Under
 limited  circumstances,  we  may  offer  an  extended  limited  warranty  to  customers  for  certain  products.  We  also  accrue  for  known  warranty  andindemnification issues 
if a loss is probable and can be reasonably estimated.Stock-based Compensation
      
We
 use the closing trading price of our common stock on the date of grant, minus a dividend yield discount, as the fair value of awards of restricted stockunits,
 or RSUs, and performance stock units that are based on our corporate financial performance targets, or PSUs. We use a Monte Carlo simulation on the dateof
 grant to estimate the fair value of performance stock units that are based on market conditions, or market-based PSUs. The compensation expense for stockoptions,
 RSUs  and  market-based  PSUs  is  recognized  using  a  straight-line  attribution  method  over  the  requisite  employee  service  period  while  compensationexpense for PSUs is recognized usi
ng an accelerated amortization model. We estimate the fair value of shares to be issued under our employee stock purchase plan,or
 ESPP, using the Black-Scholes model at the commencement of an offering period in March and September of each year. Stock-based compensation for ourESPP
 is expensed using an accelerated amortization model. Additionally, we estimate forfeitures annually based on historical experience and revise the estimatesof
 forfeiture  in  subsequent  periods  if  actual  forfeitures  differ  from  those  estimates.  If  factors  change,  the  compensation  expense  that  we  record  under  theseaccounting standards may di
ffer significantly from what we have recorded in the current period.Litigation, Investigation and Se
ttlement CostsFrom
 time to time, we are involved in legal actions and/or investigations by regulatory bodies. We are aggressively defending our current litigation matters.However, there are
 many uncertainties associated with any litigation or investigation, and we cannot be certain that these actions or other third-party claims againstus
 will be resolved without litigation, fines and/or substantial settlement payments. If that occurs, our business, financial condition and results of operations couldbe
 materially and adversely affected. If information becomes available that causes us to determine that a loss in any of our pending litigation, investigations orsettlements
 is probable, and we can reasonably estimate the loss associated with such events, we will record the loss in accordance with U.S. GAAP. However, theactual liability in any suc
h litigation or investigation may be materially different from our estimates, which could require us to record additional costs.56
Table of ContentsNVIDIA CORPORATION AND
 SUBSIDIARIESNOTES TO THE CONS
OLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS(Continued)
Foreign Currency Remeasurement
 
We
 use the United States dollar as our functional currency for all of our subsidiaries. Foreign currency monetary assets and liabilities are remeasured intoUnited
 States dollars at end-of-period exchange rates. Non-monetary assets and liabilities such as property and equipment, and equity are remeasured at historicalexchange
 rates. Revenue and expenses are remeasured at average exchange rates in effect during each period, except for those expenses related to the previouslynoted
 balance  sheet amounts, which are  remeasured  at historical  exchange rates. Gains or losses from foreign  currency  remeasurement  are included  in “Otherincome (expense), net” 
in our Consolidated Statements of Income and to date have not been significant.The
 impact of gain or loss from foreign currency remeasurement included in determining other income (expense), net, was a $5  million loss  for fiscal year2017 
and was not significant for f iscal years 2016 and 2015 . Income Taxes
 
We
 recognize federal, state and foreign current tax liabilities or assets based on our estimate of taxes payable or refundable in the current fiscal year by taxjurisdiction.
 We recognize federal, state and foreign deferred tax assets or liabilities, as appropriate, for our estimate of future tax effects attributable to temporarydifferences
 and carryforwards; and we record a valuation allowance to reduce any deferred tax assets by the amount of any tax benefits that, based on availableevidence and judgment, ar
e not expected to be realized.United
 States income tax has not been provided on a portion of earnings of our non-U.S. subsidiaries to the extent that such earnings are considered to beindefinitely reinvested.
Our
 calculation of deferred tax assets and liabilities is based on certain estimates and judgments and involves dealing with uncertainties in the application ofcomplex tax laws. Our estimates of deferred tax assets and liabilities may change based
, in part, on added certainty or finality to an anticipated outcome, changes inaccounting
 standards  or  tax  laws  in  the  United  States,  or  foreign  jurisdictions  where  we  operate,  or  changes  in  other  facts  or  circumstances.  In  addition,  werecognize
 liabilities for potential United States and foreign income tax contingencies based on our estimate of whether, and the extent to which, additional taxesmay be due. If we determine that
 payment of these amounts is unnecessary or if the recorded tax liability is less than our current assessment, we may be required torecognize an income tax be
nefit or additional income tax expense in our financial statements accordingly.As of 
January 29, 2017 ,  we had a valuation allowance of $353 million related  to state and certain foreign deferred tax assets that management determined arenot
 likely  to be realized  due, in part,  to projections  of future  taxable  income and potential  utilization  limitations  of tax attributes  acquired  as a result  of stockownership changes.
 To the extent realization of the deferred tax assets becomes more-likely-than-not, we would recognize such deferred tax asset as an income taxbenefit during the period.
We
 recognize the benefit from a tax position only if it is more-likely-than-not that the position would be sustained upon audit based solely on the technicalmerits
 of the tax position. Our policy is to include interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits as a component of income tax expense. Please refer toNote 13 
of these Notes to the Consolidated Fin ancial Statements for additional information.Comprehensive Income
 
Comprehensive
 income consists of net income and other comprehensive income (loss). Other comprehensive income (loss) components include unrealizedgains (losses) on availabl
e-for-sale securities and unrealized gains (losses) on cash flow hedges.57
Table of ContentsNVIDIA CORPORATION AND
 SUBSIDIARIESNOTES TO THE CONS
OLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS(Continued)
Net Income Per Share
 
Basic
 net income per share is computed using the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period. Diluted net income per share iscomputed using
 the weighted average number of common and potentially dilutive shares outstanding during the period, using the treasury stock method. Under thetreasury
 stock method, the effect of stock options outstanding is not included in the computation of diluted net income per share for periods when their effect isanti-dilutive.
 Additionally, we issued convertible notes with a net settlement feature that requires us, upon conversion, to settle the principal amount of debt forcash
 and the conversion premium for cash or shares of our common stock. Our convertible notes, note hedges, and related warrants contain various conversionfeatures,
 which  are  further  described  in Note  11 of  these  Notes  to  the  Consolidated  Financial  Statements.  The  potentially  dilutive  shares  resulting  from  theconvertible
 notes and warrants under the treasury stock method will be included in the calculation of diluted income per share when their inclusion is dilutive.However,
 unless actually exercised, the note hedges will not be included in the calculation of diluted net income per share, as their pre-exercised effect would beanti-dilutive under th
e treasury stock method.Cash and Cash Equivalents
 
We
 consider all highly liquid investments that are readily convertible into cash and have an original maturity of three months or less at the time of purchase tobe
 cash equivalents. As of January  29, 2017 and January 31, 2016 ,  our cash and cash equivalents were $1.77  billion and $596 million ,  respectively, including $321 million 
and $43 million , respectively, invested in money market funds.Marketable Securities
 
Marketable
 securities consist primarily of highly liquid investments with maturities of greater than three months when purchased. We generally classify ourmarketable
 securities at the date of acquisition as available-for-sale. These securities are reported at fair value with the related unrealized gains and losses includedin
 accumulated other comprehensive income (loss), a component of shareholders’ equity, net of tax. The fair value of interest-bearing securities includes accruedinterest.
 Any  unrealized  losses  which  are  considered  to  be  other-than-temporary  impairments  are  recorded  in  the  other  income  (expense),  net,  section  of  ourConsolidated
 Statements of Income. Realized gains and losses on the sale of marketable securities are determined using the specific-identification method andrecorded in the other in
come (expense), net, section of our Consolidated Statements of Income.All
 of  our  available-for-sale  investments  are  subject  to  a  periodic  impairment  review.  We  record  a  charge  to  earnings  when  a  decline  in  fair  value  issignificantly
 below  cost  basis  and  judged  to  be  other-than-temporary,  or  have  other  indicators  of  impairments.  If  the  fair  value  of  an  available-for-sale  debtinstrument
 is less than its amortized cost basis, an other-than-temporary impairment is triggered in circumstances where (1) we intend to sell the instrument, (2) itis
 more likely than not that we will be required to sell the instrument before recovery of its amortized cost basis, or (3) a credit loss exists where we do not expectto
 recover the entire amortized cost basis of the instrument. In these situations, we recognize an other-than-temporary impairment in earnings equal to the entiredifference
 between the debt instruments’ amortized cost basis and its fair value. For available-for-sale debt instruments that are considered other-than-temporarilyimpaired
 due to the existence of a credit loss, if we do not intend to sell and it is not more likely than not that we will not be required to sell the instrument beforerecovery
 of its remaining amortized cost basis (amortized cost basis less any current-period credit loss), we separate the amount of the impairment into the amountthat is credit
 related and the amount due to all other factors. The credit loss component is recognized in earnings while loss related to all other factors is recorded inaccumulated other co
mprehensive income (loss). 
58
Table of ContentsNVIDIA CORPORATION AND
 SUBSIDIARIESNOTES TO THE CONS
OLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS(Continued)
Fair Value of Financial Instruments
 
The
 carrying value of cash equivalents, accounts receivable, accounts payable and accrued liabilities approximate their fair values due to their relatively shortmaturities as of 
January 29, 2017 and January 31, 2016 .  Marketable securities are comprised of available-for-sale securities that are reported at fair value with therelated
 unrealized gains (losses) included in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss), a component of shareholders’ equity, net of tax. Fair value of themarketable
 securities is determined based on quoted market prices. Derivative instruments are recognized as either assets or liabilities and are measured at fairvalue.
 The accounting  for changes in the fair value of a derivative  depends on the intended use of the derivative  and the resulting  designation.  For derivativeinstruments
 designated as fair value hedges, the gains (losses) are recognized in earnings in the periods of change together with the offsetting losses (gains) on thehedged
 items  attributed  to  the  risk  being  hedged.  For  derivative  instruments  designated  as  cash-flow  hedges,  the  effective  portion  of  the  gains  (losses)  on  thederivatives
 is initially reported as a component of other comprehensive income (loss) and is subsequently recognized in earnings when the hedged exposure isrecognized in earnings.
Concentration of Credit Risk
 
Financial
 instruments  that  potentially  subject  us  to  concentrations  of  credit  risk  consist  primarily  of  cash  equivalents,  marketable  securities,  accountsreceivable,
 note hedge and interest rate swap. Our investment policy requires the purchase of high grade investment securities, the diversification of asset type andincludes
 certain limits on our portfolio duration. All marketable securities are held in our name, managed by several investment managers and held by one majorfinancial
 institution under a custodial arrangement. Accounts receivable from significant customers, those representing 10% or  more of total accounts receivable,aggregated approximately 
29% of our accounts receivab le balance from two customers as of January 29, 2017 and 28% of our account receivab le balance from two customers
 as of January  31, 2016 .  We perform ongoing credit evaluations of our customers’ financial condition and maintain an allowance for potential creditlosses. This 
allowance  consists of an amount identified for specific customers and an amount based on overall estimated exposure. Our  overall estimated exposureexcludes amounts covered by c
redit insurance and letters of credit.Accounts Receivable
 
We
 maintain an allowance for doubtful accounts receivable for estimated losses resulting from the inability of our customers to make required payments. Wedetermine
 this  allowance  by  identifying  amounts  for  specific  customer  issues  as  well  as  amounts  based  on  overall  estimated  exposure.  Factors  impacting  theallowance include the
 level of gross receivables, the financial condition of our customers and the extent to which balances are covered by credit insurance or lettersof credit.
Inventories
Inventory
 cost is computed on an adjusted standard basis, which approximates actual cost on an average or first-in, first-out basis. Inventory costs consistprimarily
 of the cost of semiconductors purchased from subcontractors, including wafer fabrication, assembly, testing and packaging, manufacturing support costs,including
 labor and overhead associated with such purchases, final test yield fallout, and shipping costs, as well as the cost of purchased memory products andother
 component  parts.  We  charge  cost  of  sales  for  inventory  provisions  to  write  down  our  inventory  to  the  lower  of  cost  or  estimated  market  value  or  tocompletely
 write off obsolete or excess inventory. Most of our inventory provisions relate to the write-off of excess quantities of products, based on our inventorylevels
 and future product purchase commitments compared to assumptions about future demand and market conditions. Once inventory has been written-off orwritten-down, it creates 
a new cost basis for the inventory that is not subsequently written-up.Property and Equipment
 
Property
 and equipment are stated at cost. Depreciation of property and equipment is computed using the straight-line method based on the estimated usefullives
 of  the  assets,  generally  three  to  five  years.  Once  an  asset  is  identified  for  retirement  or  disposition,  the  related  cost  and  accumulated  depreciation  oramortization are
 removed, and a gain or loss is recorded. The estimated useful lives of our buildings are up to twenty five years. Depreciation expense includes theamortization
 of  assets  recorded  under  capital  leases.  Leasehold  improvements  and  assets  recorded  under  capital  leases  are  amortized  over  the  shorter  of  theexpected lease term or the estimate
d useful life of the asset.59
Table of ContentsNVIDIA CORPORATION AND
 SUBSIDIARIESNOTES TO THE CONS
OLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS(Continued)
Goodwill
Goodwill
 is subject to our annual impairment test during the fourth quarter of our fiscal year, or earlier if indicators of potential impairment exist.  For thepurposes of completing our imp
airment test, we perform either a qualitative or a quantitative analysis on a reporting unit basis. For
 those reporting units where a significant change or event has occurred, where potential impairment indicators exist, or for which we have not performed aquantitative
 assessment recently, we utilize a two-step quantitative assessment to testing goodwill for impairment. The first step tests for possible impairment byapplying a fair value-based test
 by weighting the results from the income approach and the market approach. The second step, if necessary, measures the amount ofsuch
 impairment  by  applying  fair  value-based  tests  to  individual  assets  and  liabilities.  Please  refer  to Note  4 of  these  Notes  to  the  Consolidated  FinancialStatements for addition
al information. Intangible Assets and Other Long-Lived Assets
 
Intangible
 assets primarily represent rights acquired under technology licenses, patents, acquired intellectual property, trademarks and customer relationshipsand
 are subject to an annual impairment test. We currently amortize our intangible assets with definitive lives over periods ranging from three to ten years using amethod
 that reflects the pattern in which the economic benefits of the intangible asset are consumed or otherwise used up or, if that pattern cannot be reliablydetermined, using a strai
ght-line amortization method.Long-lived
 assets, such as property and equipment and intangible assets subject to amortization are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes incircumstances
 indicate that the carrying amount of an asset or asset group may not be recoverable. Recoverability of assets to be held and used is measured by acomparison
 of the carrying amount of an asset or asset group to estimated undiscounted future cash flows expected to be generated by the asset, or asset group. Ifthe
 carrying amount of an asset or asset group exceeds its estimated future cash flows, an impairment charge is recognized for the amount by which the carryingamount
 of the asset or asset group exceeds the estimated fair value of the asset or asset group. Fair value is determined based on the estimated discounted futurecash
 flows expected to be generated by the asset or asset group. Assets and liabilities to be disposed of would be separately presented in the Consolidated BalanceSheet and the assets would be repor
ted at the lower of the carrying amount or fair value less costs to sell, and would no longer be depreciated.60
Table of ContentsNVIDIA CORPORATION AND
 SUBSIDIARIESNOTES TO THE CONS
OLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS(Continued)
Adoption of New and Recently Issued Accoun
ting PronouncementsRecently Adopted Accounting Pronouncement
In
 fiscal year 2017, the Financial Accounting Standards Board, or FASB, issued an accounting standards update which simplifies certain aspects of stock-based compensation accounting. Am
ong other elements, the new guidance eliminates additional paid in capital, or APIC, pools and requires excess tax benefits andtax
 deficiencies to be recorded in the income statement when the awards vest or are settled. In addition, cash flows related to excess tax benefits will no longer beseparately
 classified as a financing activity apart from other income tax cash flows. We elected to early adopt this new guidance in the third quarter of fiscal year2017, which required us to refle
ct any adjustments as of February 1, 2016.Early adoption of this guidanc
e resulted in the following:•
We recorded an excess tax benefit from stock-based compensation within income tax expense, rather than in APIC, of $82 million for fiscal year 2017. •
We  recorded  a  cumulative-effect adjustment as  of  February 1, 2016 to  increase retained earnings by $353  million ,  with a  corresponding  increase  todeferred
 tax assets, to recognize the federal net operating loss and federal research tax credit carryforwards attributable to excess tax benefits on stock-based
 compensation that had not been previously recognized in APIC. We also recorded deferred tax assets of $63  million with  a corresponding fullvaluation allowance related t
o state net operating loss and state research credit carryforwards.•
The excess tax benefit from stock-based compensation is now included in net operating cash rather than net financing cash in our Consolidated Statementsof Cash Flows. We elected to apply th
is change in presentation prospectively and thus prior periods have not been adjusted.We elected not to change our policy on accounting for forfeitures, although the ne
w guidance provides an option for us to account for forfeitures as they occur,and thus continued to estima
te forfeitures expected to occur to determine the amount of compensation cost to be recognized in each period.Recent Accounting Pronouncements Not Yet Adopt
edIn January 2017, the FASB issued an accounting stand
ards update that simplifies the test for goodwill impairment. The update eliminates the second step in thegoodwill
 impairment  test  that  requires  an  entity  to  determine  the  implied  fair  value  of  the  reporting  unit’s  goodwill.  Instead,  an  entity  should  recognize  animpairment
 loss if the carrying value of the net assets assigned to the reporting unit exceeds the fair value of the reporting unit, with the impairment loss not toexceed
 the amount of goodwill allocated to the reporting unit. The update will be effective for us beginning in our fiscal year 2020, with early adoption permitted.The adoption of this accounting gu
idance is not currently expected to have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements.In
 October 2016, the FASB issued an accounting standards update that requires the recognition of income tax consequences for intra-entity transfers of assetsother
 than inventory when the transfer occurs. The update will be effective for us beginning in our first quarter of fiscal year 2019, with early adoption permitted.The adoption of this accounting gu
idance is not currently expected to have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements.In
 August 2016, the FASB issued an accounting standards update that clarifies how companies present and classify certain cash receipts and cash payments inthe
 statement of cash flows. The update will be effective for us beginning in our first quarter of fiscal year 2019, with early adoption permitted. The adoption ofthis accounting guida
nce is not expected to have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements.In
 June 2016, the FASB issued an accounting standards update that changes the accounting for recognizing impairments of financial assets. Under the newguidance,
 credit losses for certain types of financial instruments will be estimated based on expected losses. The update also modifies the impairment models foravailable-for-sale debt
 securities and for purchased financial assets with credit deterioration since their origination. The update will be effective for us beginning inour
 first quarter of fiscal 2021, with early adoption permitted. The adoption of this accounting guidance is not currently expected to have a material impact on ourconsolidated financia
l statements.61
Table of ContentsNVIDIA CORPORATION AND
 SUBSIDIARIESNOTES TO THE CONS
OLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS(Continued)
In
 February 2016, the FASB issued an accounting standards update regarding the accounting for leases by which we will begin recognizing lease assets andliabilities
 on the balance sheet for leases with a lease term of more than 12 months. The update will require additional disclosures regarding key information aboutleasing
 arrangements.  Under  existing  guidance,  operating  leases  are  not  recorded  as  lease  assets  and  lease  liabilities  on  the  balance  sheet.  The  update  will  beeffective
 for us beginning in our first quarter of fiscal year 2020, with early adoption permitted. We are currently evaluating the impact of the adoption of thisaccounting
 guidance on our consolidated financial statements. However, we expect the adoption of this accounting guidance to result in an increase in lease assetsand a corresponding increas
e in lease liabilities on our Consolidated Balance Sheets.The
 FASB  issued  an  accounting  standards  update  that  creates  a  single  source  of  revenue  guidance  under  U.S.  GAAP  for  all  companies,  in  all  industries,effective
 for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim periods within that reporting period. We expect to adopt this guidancebeginning
 in our first quarter of fiscal year 2019 using the modified retrospective approach. While we are still finalizing our analysis to quantify the adoptionimpact of the provisions of 
the new standard, we do not expect it to have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements.Note 2 
- Stock-Based CompensationOur
 stock-based  compensation  expense  is  associated  with  stock  options,  restricted  stock  units,  or  RSUs,  performance  stock  units  that  are  based  on  ourcorporate
 financial performance targets, or PSUs, performance stock units that are based on market conditions, or market-based PSUs, and our employee stockpurchase plan, or ESPP.
Our Consolidated Statements of In
come include stock-based compensation expense, net of amounts capitalized as inventory, as follows: 
Year Ended  
January 29, 2017
 January 31, 2016
 January 25, 2015
 
(In millions) Cost of revenue
$ 15  $15  $12 Research and development
134  115  88 Sales, general and adminis
trative98  74  58 Total
$ 247  $204  $158 Stock-based compensation cap
italized in inventories was not significant during fiscal years 2017 , 2016 , and 2015 . The following is a summary of equ
ity awards granted under our equity incentive plans: 
Year Ended  
January 29, 2017
 January 31, 2016
 January 25, 2015
 
(In millions, except pe r share data)RSUs, PSUs and Market-based PSUs
     Awards granted
12  13  13 Estimated total gran
t-date fair value$ 591  $296  $228 Weighted average grant-date fair 
value (per share)$ 50.57  $22.01  $17.68  
     ESPP
     Shares purchased
4  6  7 Weighted average pri
ce (per share)$ 18.51  $13.67  $10.99 Weighted average grant-date fair 
value (per share)$ 5.80  $4.53  $4.99 62
Table of ContentsNVIDIA CORPORATION AND
 SUBSIDIARIESNOTES TO THE CONS
OLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS(Continued)
Beginning
 fiscal year 2015, we shifted away from granting stock options and toward granting RSUs, PSUs and market-based PSUs to reflect changing markettrends
 for equity incentives at our peer companies. The number of PSUs that will ultimately vest is contingent on the Company’s level of achievement versus thecorporate financia
l performance target established by our Compensation Committee in the beginning of each fiscal year.Of
 the total fair value of equity awards, we estimated that the stock-based compensation expense related to the equity awards that are not expected to vest forfiscal years 
2017 , 2016 , and 2015 was $98 million , $46 million , and $37 million , respectively.   
January 29, 2017
 January 31, 2016
 
(In millions) Aggregate unearned stock-bas
ed compensation expense$ 627  $381  
   Estimated weighted average remaining amor
tization period(In years) Stock options
0.5  1.1 RSUs, PSUs and market-based PSUs
2.6  2.7 ESPP
0.6  0.7 The fair value of shares 
issued under our ESPP have been estimated with the following assumptions: 
Year Ended  
January 29, 2017
 January 31, 2016
 January 25, 2015
 
(Using the Black-Scholes model) ESPP
     Weighted average expe
cted life (in years)0.5-2.0  0.5-2.0  0.5-2.0 Risk-free interest rate
0.5%-0.9%  0.1%-0.7%  0.1%-0.5% Volatility
30%-39%  24%-34%  23%-31% Dividend yield
0.7%-1.4%  1.5%-1.8%  1.7%-1.9% For
 ESPP  shares,  the  expected  term  represents  the  average  term  from  the  first  day  of  the  offering  period  to  the  purchase  date.  The  risk-free  interest  rateassumption used
 to value ESPP shares is based upon observed interest rates on Treasury bills appropriate for the expected term. Our expected stock price volatilityassumption
 for ESPP is estimated using historical volatility. For awards granted, we use the dividend yield at grant date. Our RSU, PSU, and market-based PSUawards are not eligible 
for cash dividends prior to vesting; therefore, the fair values of RSUs, PSUs, and market-based PSUs are discounted for the dividend yield.Additionally,
 for employee stock option, RSU, PSU, and market-based PSU awards, we estimate forfeitures annually and revise the estimates of forfeiture insubsequent periods
 if actual forfeitures differ from those estimates. Forfeitures are estimated based on historical experience.Equity Incentive Program
 
We grant or have granted s
tock options, RSUs, PSUs, market-based PSUs, and stock purchase rights under the following equity incentive plans.Amended and Restated 2007 Equity Incen
tive PlanIn
 2007, our shareholders approved the NVIDIA Corporation 2007 Equity Incentive Plan, which was subsequently amended and restated, most recently in2016, or the 2007 Plan.
63
Table of ContentsNVIDIA CORPORATION AND
 SUBSIDIARIESNOTES TO THE CONS
OLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS(Continued)
The
 2007 Plan authorizes the issuance of incentive stock options, non-statutory stock options, restricted stock, restricted stock unit, stock appreciation rights,performance
 stock  awards,  performance  cash  awards,  and  other  stock-based  awards  to  employees,  directors  and  consultants.  Only  our  employees  may  receiveincentive
 stock options. Up to 207  million shares  of our common stock may be issued pursuant to stock awards granted under the 2007 Plan. Currently, we grantRSUs, PSUs and market-based PSUs under the 2007 Plan, under which, as of Janua
ry 29, 2017, there were 22 million shares available for future issuance.Stock
 options previously granted to employees, subject to certain exceptions, vest over a four year period, subject to continued service, with 25% vesting on the
 anniversary of the hire date in the case of new hires or the anniversary of the date of grant in the case of grants to existing employees and 6.25% vesting at the end of each quarterly pe
riod thereafter. Stock options previously granted under the 2007 Plan generally expire ten years from the date of grant.Subject
 to certain exceptions, RSUs granted to employees vest over a four year period, subject to continued service, with 25% vesting on a pre-determineddate that is close to th
e anniversary of the date of grant and (i) for grants made prior to May 18, 2016, 12.5% vesting semi-annually thereafter  until fully vested, and(ii) for grants made on o
r after May 18, 2016, 6.25% vesting quarterly thereafter u ntil fully vested.PSUs
 vest over a four year period, subject to continued service, with 25% vesting on a pre-determined date that is close to the anniversary of the date of grantand 
12.5% vesting  semi-annually thereafter until fully vested. Market-based PSUs vest 100% on  approximately the three-year anniversary of the date of grant.However,
 the number of shares subject to both PSUs and market-based PSUs that are eligible to vest is generally determined by the Compensation Committeebased on achievement of
 pre-determined criteria.Unless
 terminated sooner, the 2007 Plan is scheduled to terminate on March 21, 2022. Our Board may suspend or terminate the 2007 Plan at any time. Noawards
 may be granted under the 2007 Plan while the 2007 Plan is suspended or after it is terminated. The Board may also amend the 2007 Plan at any time.However,
 if legal, regulatory or listing requirements require shareholder approval, the amendment will not go into effect until the shareholders have approved theamendment.
2012 Employee Stock Purchase Plan
In
 2012, our shareholders approved the 2012 Employee Stock Purchase Plan, which was subsequently amended and restated, most recently in 2016, or the2012 Plan, as the successor to the 1998 Emp
loyee Stock Purchase Plan.Up
 to 75  million shares  of our common stock may be issued pursuant to purchases under the 2012 Plan. As of January 29, 2017, we had issued 23  millionshares and reserved 
52 million shares for future issuanc e under the 2012 Plan.The
 2012 Plan is intended to qualify as an “employee stock purchase plan” under Section 423 of the Internal Revenue Code. Under the current offeringsadopted pursuant to the 2012 Plan, ea
ch offering period is 24 months, which is divided into four purchase periods of six months.Employees are eligible
 to participate if they are employed by us or an affiliate of us as designated by the Board. Employees who participate in an offering mayhave
 up to 10% of  their earnings withheld up to certain limitations and applied on specified dates determined by the Board to the purchase of shares of commonstock.
 The Board may increase this percentage at its discretion, up to 15% .  The price of common stock purchased under our ESPP will be equal to 85% of  thelower
 of the fair market value of the common stock on the commencement date of each offering period and the fair market value on each purchase date within theoffering.
 Employees  may  end  their  participation  in  the  ESPP  at  any  time  during  the  offering  period,  and  participation  ends  automatically  on  termination  ofemployment with us. In each c
ase, the employee’s contributions are refunded.64
Table of ContentsNVIDIA CORPORATION AND
 SUBSIDIARIESNOTES TO THE CONS
OLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS(Continued)
The following is a summary of our 
equity award transactions under our equity incentive plans:  
RSUs, PSUs and Market-basedPSUs Outstanding
 Options Outstanding  
Number of Shares
 Weighted Average 
Grant-Date 
Fair Value
 Number 

 ofShares
 WeightedAverage
Exercise Price
Per Share
 WeightedAverage
Remaining  
Contractual
Life
 AggregateIntrinsic
Value (3)
 
(In millions, except ye ars and per share data)Balances, January 31, 2016
26  $19.12  13  $14.49     Granted (1)(2)
12  $50.57  —  —     Exercised
—  —  (6 ) $14.52     Vested restricted stock
(10 ) $17.93  —  —     Canceled and forfeited
(1 ) $23.68  —  —     Balances, January 29, 2017
27  $32.84  7  $14.47  5.4  $724 Exercisable as of January 29, 2017
    7  $14.39  5.3  $667 Vested and expected to vest after January 29, 2017
23  $32.74  7  $14.46  5.4  $715 (1)
Includes PSUs that will be issued and eligible to vest based on the corporate financial performance maximum target level achieved for fiscal year 2017 . (2)
Includes market-based PSUs that will be issued and eligible to vest if the maximum target for total shareholder return, or TSR, over the 3-year measurementperiod
 is achieved. Depending on the ranking of our TSR compared to the respective TSRs of the companies comprising the Standard & Poor’s 500 Indexduring a 3-year measure
ment period, the market-based PSUs issued could range from  0  to  0.3 million  shares. (3)
The aggregate intrinsic value in the table above represents the total pre-tax intrinsic value for in-the-money options at  January 29, 2017 , based on the $111.77 closing price of our common s
tock on January 27, 2017.As of  
January 29, 2017  and  January 31, 2016 , there were 22 million and 14 million shares, respectively, of common stock reserved for future issuance underour equity incentive plans.
The
 total intrinsic value of options exercised was $246  million , $75 million ,  and $62  million for  fiscal years 2017 , 2016 ,  and 2015 ,  respectively. Uponexercise of an option, we issue new shares of stock. The total fair value of options vested was 
$8 million , $17 million , and $33 million for fiscal years 2017 , 2016, and 
2015 , respectively.  
65
Table of ContentsNVIDIA CORPORATION AND
 SUBSIDIARIESNOTES TO THE CONS
OLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS(Continued)
Note 3 - Net Income Per Share
 
The following is a reconcil
iation of the numerators and denominators of the basic and diluted net income per share computations for the periods presented: 
Year Ended  
January 29, 2017
 January 31, 2016
 January 25, 2015
 
(In millions, except pe r share data)Numerator:
     Net income
$ 1,666  $614  $631 Denominator:
     Basic weighted average shar
es541  543  552 Dilutive impact of outst
anding securities:     Equity awards
26  13  11 1.00% Convertible Senior Notes
44  13  — Warrants issued with the 1.00% Conve
rtible Senior Notes38  —  — Diluted weighted average sha
res649  569  563 Net income per share:
     Basic (1)
$ 3.08  $1.13  $1.14 Diluted (2)
$ 2.57  $1.08  $1.12 Equity
 awards excluded from diluted net income per share because their effect would havebeen anti-dilutive
8 10  12 (1)
Calculated as net income divided by basic weighted average shares.(2)
Calculated as net income divided by diluted weighted average shares.The 
1.00% Convertible  Senior Notes, or the Convertible Notes, are included in the calculation of diluted net income per share. The Convertible Notes have adilutive
 impact  on  net  income  per  share  if  our  average  stock  price  for  the  reporting  period  exceeds  the  adjusted  conversion  price  of $20.0662 per  share. Thewarrants
 associated with our Convertible Notes, or the Warrants, outstanding are also included in the calculation of diluted net income per share. The Warrantshave
 a dilutive impact on net income per share if our average stock price for the quarter exceeds the adjusted strike price of $27.0122 per  share. For fiscal year 2017 
, our  average stock price was $59.30 , which  exceeded both the adjusted conversion price and the adjusted strike price, causing the Convertible Notes and theWarrants to have a dilu
tive impact.The
 denominator  for  diluted  net  income  per  share  does  not  include  any  effect  from  the  convertible  note  hedge  transactions,  or  the  Note  Hedges,  that  weentered
 into concurrently with the issuance of the Convertible Notes, as its effect would be anti-dilutive. In the event of conversion of the Convertible Notes, theshares delivered to us under 
the Note Hedges will offset the dilutive effect of the shares that we would issue under the Convertible Notes.On
 December  12,  2016,  we  entered  into  an  agreement  with  a  counterparty  bank  to  terminate 63  million of  the 75  million Warrants  outstanding.  Inconsideration
 for the termination of these Warrants, we delivered a total of 48 million shares  of common stock to the counterparty bank, the amount of which wasdetermined
 each day based on the daily volume-weighted average price of the common stock during an observation period beginning December 13, 2016 andending January 31, 2017. As
 of January 29, 2017, 44 million of the 48 million shares of  our common stock had been issued related to the terminated Warrants. Theremaining 
4 million shares were issued in the beginn ing of fiscal year 2018.Please
 refer to Note 11 of these Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional discussion regarding the Convertible Notes, Note Hedges, andWarrants.
66
Table of ContentsNVIDIA CORPORATION AND
 SUBSIDIARIESNOTES TO THE CONS
OLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS(Continued)
Note 4 
- Goodwill 
The carrying amount of goodwill 
is from the following acquisitions: 
January 29, 2017
 January 31, 2016
 
(In millions) Icera
$ 271  $271 PortalPlayer
105  105 Mental Images
59  59 3dfx
50  50 MediaQ
35  35 ULi
31  31 Hybrid Graphics
28  28 Ageia
19  19 Portland Group Inc.
2  2 Other
18  18 Total goodwill
$ 618  $618  
The
 amount  of  goodwill  allocated  to  our  GPU  and  Tegra  Processor  reportable  segments  was $210  million and $408  million ,  respectively,  as  of  bothJanuary 29, 2017 
and January 31, 2016 . Please refer to Note 16 of these Notes to the Consolidated Fin ancial Statements for further discussion regarding segments.We
 utilized a two-step quantitative analysis to complete our annual impairment test during the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2017 and concluded that there wasno impairment, as the f
air value of our reporting units exceeded their carrying values. The first step tests for possible impairment by applying a fair value-based testby
 weighing the results from the income approach and the market approach. The second step, if necessary, measures the amount of such impairment by applyingfair value-based tes
ts to individual assets and liabilities.These
 income and market valuation approaches consider a number of factors that include, but are not limited to, prospective financial information, growthrates,
 residual values, discount rates and comparable multiples from publicly traded companies in our industry and require us to make certain assumptions andestimates
 regarding industry economic factors and the future profitability of our business. When performing an income approach valuation, we incorporate the useof
 projected  financial  information  and  a  discount  rate  that  are  developed  using  market  participant  based  assumptions  to  our  discounted  cash  flow  model.  Ourestimates
 of discounted cash flow were based upon, among other things, certain assumptions about our expected future operating performance, such as revenuegrowth
 rates, operating margins, risk-adjusted discount rates, and future economic and market conditions. The market method of determining the fair value of ourreporting units requires us 
to use judgment in the selection of appropriate market comparables.67
Table of ContentsNVIDIA CORPORATION AND
 SUBSIDIARIESNOTES TO THE CONS
OLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS(Continued)
Note 5 - Amortizable Intangible Assets
 
The components of our amorti
zable intangible assets are as follows: 
January 29, 2017  January 31, 2016  
Gross  Carrying
Amount
 AccumulatedAmortization
 Net Carrying
Amount
 Gross  Carrying
Amount
 AccumulatedAmortization
 Net Carrying
Amount
 
(In millions)  (In millions) Acquisition-related in
tangibleassets
$ 193  $(167 ) $26  $193  $(152 ) $41 Patents and licensed
technology
468  (390 ) 78  462  (337 ) 125 Total intangible assets
$ 661  $(557 ) $104  $655  $(489 ) $166 Amortization
 expense associated with intangible assets for fiscal years 2017 , 2016 ,  and 2015 was $68 million , $73 million ,  and $77  million , respectively. Future
 amortization expense for the net carrying amount of intangible assets as of January 29, 2017 is  estimated to be $54 million in fiscal year 2018 , $26 millionin fiscal year 
2019 , $16 million in fiscal year 2020 , $7 million in fiscal year 2021 , and $1 million in fiscal year 2022 until fully amortized. 68
Table of ContentsNVIDIA CORPORATION AND
 SUBSIDIARIESNOTES TO THE CONS
OLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS(Continued)
Note 6 
- Marketable Securities 
All of
 our cash equivalents and marketable securities are classified as “available-for-sale” securities. These securities are reported at fair value with the relatedunrealized gains and losses included in
 accumulated other comprehensive income (loss), a component of shareholders’ equity, net of tax, and net realized gains andlosses recorded in other in
come (expense), net, on the Consolidated Statements of Income.We
 performed an impairment review of our investment portfolio as of January  29, 2017 .  Factors considered included general market conditions, the durationand
 extent to which fair value is below cost, and our intent and ability to hold an investment for a sufficient period of time to allow for recovery in value. We alsoconsider
 specific adverse conditions related to the financial health of and business outlook for an investee, including industry and sector performance, changes intechnology,
 operational  and  financing  cash  flow  factors,  and  changes  in  an  investee’s  credit  rating.  Investments  that  we  identify  as  having  an  indicator  ofimpairment
 are  subject  to  further  analysis  to  determine  if  the  investment  was  other  than  temporarily  impaired.  Based  on  our  quarterly  impairment  review,  weconcluded
 that our investments were appropriately valued and that no other-than-temporary impairment charges were necessary on our portfolio of available-for-sale investments as of 
January 29, 2017 . The following is a summary of c
ash equivalents and marketable securities as of January 29, 2017 and January 31, 2016 :  
January 29, 2017  
AmortizedCost
 UnrealizedGain
 UnrealizedLoss
 EstimatedFair Value
 
(In millions) Corporate debt securities
$ 2,397  $1  $(10 ) $2,388 Debt securities of United Sta
tes government agencies1,193  —  (5 ) 1,188 Debt securities issued by the Uni
ted States Treasury852  —  (2 ) 850 Asset-backed securities
490  —  (1 ) 489 Money market funds
321  —  —  321 Mortgage
 backed  securities  issued  by  United  States  government-sponsored enterprises
161  2  (1 ) 162 Foreign government bonds
70  —  —  70 Total
$ 5,484  $3  $(19 ) $5,468 Classified as:
       Cash equivalents
      $436 Marketable securities
      5,032 Total
      $5,468 69
Table of ContentsNVIDIA CORPORATION AND
 SUBSIDIARIESNOTES TO THE CONS
OLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS(Continued)
 
 
January 31, 2016  
AmortizedCost
 UnrealizedGain
 UnrealizedLoss
 EstimatedFair Value
 
(In millions) Corporate debt securities
$ 1,903  $1  $(3 ) $1,901 Debt securities of United Sta
tes government agencies1,170  1  (1 ) 1,170 Debt securities issued by the Uni
ted States Treasury800  1  —  801 Asset-backed securities
435  —  —  435 Mortgage
 backed  securities  issued  by  United  States  government-sponsored enterprises
229  3  (1 ) 231 Foreign government bonds
92  —  —  92 Money market funds
43  —  —  43 Total
$ 4,672  $6  $(5 ) $4,673 Classified as:
       Cash equivalents
      $232 Marketable securities
      4,441 Total
      $4,673   
The following table provides th
e breakdown of the investments with unrealized losses as of January 29, 2017 :  
Less than 12 Months  12 Months or Greater  Total  
Fair Value  GrossUnrealized
Losses
 Fair Value GrossUnrealized
Losses
 Fair Value GrossUnrealized
Losses
 
(In millions) Corporate debt securities
$ 1,721  $(10 ) $55  $—  $1,776  $(10 )Debt
 securities  issued  by  United  Statesgovernment agencies
906  (5 ) 28  —  934  (5 )Debt securities issued by the US Tre
asury629  (2 ) —  —  629  (2 )Mortgage
 backed  securities  issued  byUnited
 States  government-sponsoredenterprises
43  —  35  (1 ) 78  (1 )Asset-backed securities
383  (1 ) 3  —  386  (1 )Total
$ 3,682  $(18 ) $121  $(1 ) $3,803  $(19 ) 
The gross unrealized losses related to fixed
 income securities and were due to changes in interest rates. We have determined that the gross unrealized losses oninvestment
 securities as of January  29, 2017 are  temporary in nature. Currently, we have the intent and ability to hold our investments with impairment indicatorsuntil maturity. Net re
alized gains were not significant for fiscal years 2017, 2016, and 2015.70
Table of ContentsNVIDIA CORPORATION AND
 SUBSIDIARIESNOTES TO THE CONS
OLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS(Continued)
The amortized cost and estimated fair value of cash equivalents and marketable securities, which are primarily debt instruments, are classified as available-for-
sale as of 
January 29, 2017 and January 31, 2016 and are shown below by contractual maturity. 
January 29, 2017  January 31, 2016  
AmortizedCost
 EstimatedFair Value
 AmortizedCost
 EstimatedFair Value
 
(In millions) Less than one year
$ 2,209  $2,209  $1,619  $1,619 Due in 1 - 5 years
3,210  3,194  3,019  3,020 Mortgage-backed
 securities issued by government-sponsored enterprises notdue at a single maturi
ty date65  65  34  34 Total
$ 5,484  $5,468  $4,672  $4,673 71
Table of ContentsNVIDIA CORPORATION AND
 SUBSIDIARIESNOTES TO THE CONS
OLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS(Continued)
Note 7 - Fair Value of Financial Assets and Liabilities
The
 fair values of our financial assets and liabilities are determined using quoted market prices of identical assets or quoted market prices of similar assetsfrom
 active markets. Our Level 1 assets consist of our money market funds. We classify securities within Level 1 assets when the fair value is obtained from realtime
 quotes for transactions in active exchange markets involving identical assets. Our available-for-sale securities are classified as having Level 2 inputs. OurLevel
 2 assets are valued utilizing a market approach where the market prices of similar assets are provided by a variety of independent industry standard dataproviders
 to our investment custodian. We review the fair value hierarchy classification on a quarterly basis. Changes in the observability of valuation inputs mayresult in
 a reclassification of levels for certain securities within the fair value hierarchy. There were no significant transfers between Levels 1 and 2 assets for fiscalyear 
2017 .  Level 3 assets are based on unobservable inputs to the valuation methodology and include our own data about assumptions market participants woulduse
 in pricing the asset or liability based on the best information available under the circumstances. Most of our cash equivalents and marketable securities arevalued based on Level 2 inputs. We d
id not have any investments classified as Level 3 as of January 29, 2017 .  
 Fair Value at  
Pricing Category  January 29, 2017 January 31, 2016 
  (In millions) Assets
     Cash equivalents and market
able securities:     Corporate debt securiti
es (1)Level 2  $2,388  $1,901 Debt securities of U.S. government 
agencies (2)Level 2  $1,188  $1,170 Debt securities issued by the Uni
ted States Treasury (3)Level 2  $850  $801 Asset-backed securities 
(4)Level 2  $489  $435 Money market funds (5)
Level 1  $321  $43 Mortgage-backed securi
ties issued by United States government-sponsored enterprises (4)
Level 2  $162  $231 Foreign government bonds (4)
Level 2  $70  $92  
     Liabilities
     Current liability:
     1.00% Convertible Senior Notes (6)
Level 2  $4,474  $2,273 Other noncurrent liabilities:
     2.20% Notes Due 2021 (6)
Level 2  $975  $— 3.20% Notes Due 2026 (6)
Level 2  $961  $— Interest rate swap (7)
Level 2  $2  $7 (1)
Included $ 33  million and $51 million in  cash equivalents as of January  29, 2017 and January 31, 2016 ,  respectively, and $ 2.35  billion and $1.85 billion in marketable securities as of 
January 29, 2017 and January 31, 2016 , respectively, on the Consolida ted Balance Sheets.(2)
Included $27  million and $90 million in  cash equivalents as of January  29, 2017 and January 31, 2016 ,  respectively, and $1.16  billion and $1.08 billion in marketable securities as of 
January 29, 2017 and January 31, 2016 , respectively, on the Consolida ted Balance Sheets.(3)
Included $55  million in  cash equivalents  as of January  29,  2017 and $795 million and $801 million in  marketable  securities  as of January  29,  2017 and January 31, 2016 
, respectively, on the Consolida ted Balance Sheets.(4)
Reported in marketable securities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets.(5)
Reported in cash equivalents on the Consolidated Balance Sheets.72
Table of ContentsNVIDIA CORPORATION AND
 SUBSIDIARIESNOTES TO THE CONS
OLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS(Continued)
(6)
The 1.00% Convertible  Notes, 2.20% Notes  Due 2021, and 3.20% Notes  Due 2026 are carried on our Consolidated Balance Sheets at their original issuancevalue,
 net of unamortized debt discount and issuance costs, and are not marked to fair value each period. See Note 11 of these Notes to the ConsolidatedFinancial Statements for a
dditional information.(7)
Please refer to Note 9 of these Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for a discussion regarding our interest rate swap.Note 8 - Balance Sheet Components
 
Certain balance sheet 
components are as follows: 
January 29, 2017
 January 31, 2016
 
(In millions) Inventories:
   Raw materials
$ 252  $105 Work in-process
176  103 Finished goods
366  210      Total inventories
$ 794  $418 As of 
January 29, 2017 , we had outstanding inventory purchas e obligations totaling $1.00 billion .  
January 29, 2017
 January 31, 2016
 EstimatedUseful Life
 
(In millions)  (In years) Property and Equipment:
     Land
$ 218  $218  (A) Building
13  13  25-30 Test equipment
427  354  3-5 Computer equipment
188  155  3-5 Leasehold improvements
176  174  (B) Software and licenses
63  98  3-5 Office furniture and equ
ipment49  48  5 Capital leases
28  28  (B) Construction in process
29  12  (C) Total property and equipmen
t, gross1,191  1,100   Accumulated deprecia
tion and amortization(670 ) (634 )       Total property and equipmen
t, net$ 521  $466   (A) Land is a non-depreciabl
e asset.(B) Leasehold improveme
nts and capital leases are amortized based on the lesser of either the asset’s estimated useful life or the remaining expected lease term.(C) Construction in process repr
esents assets that are not in service as of the balance sheet date.Depreciation expense for 
fiscal years 2017 , 2016 , and 2015 was $118 million , $124 million , and $143 million , respectively. Accumulated
 amortization of leasehold improvements and capital leases was $164  million and $155 million as  of January  29, 2017 and January 31, 2016 , respectively. Amortization 
of leasehold improvements and capital leases is included in depreciation and amortization expense.73
Table of ContentsNVIDIA CORPORATION AND
 SUBSIDIARIESNOTES TO THE CONS
OLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS(Continued)
 
January 29, 2017
 January 31, 2016
 
(In millions) Accrued Liabilities:
   Customer related liabilities (1)
$ 197  $160 Accrued payroll and rela
ted expenses137  79 Deferred revenue (2)
85  322 Coupon interest on debt obligations
21  3 Accrued restructuring and o
ther charges (3)13  23 Professional service fees
13  23 Warranty accrual (4)
8  11 Accrued royalties
7  1 Leases payable
4  4 Taxes payable
4  2 Contributions payable
4  3 Other
14  11 Total accrued and other c
urrent liabilities$ 507  $642 (1)  Customer related liabilitie
s primarily includes accrued rebates and marketing development funds.(2)
Deferred revenue under our patent cross licensing agreement with Intel Corporation will expire in March 2017. We will be recognizing revenue under thisagreement through the f
irst quarter of fiscal year 2018.(3) Please refer to Note 17 o
f these Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for a discussion regarding restructuring and other charges.(4)  Please refer to Note 10 o
f these Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for a discussion regarding warranties. 
January 29, 2017
 January 31, 2016
 
(In millions) Other Long Term Liabilities:
   Deferred income tax l
iability (1)$ 141  $301 Income tax payable
96  78 Contributions payable
10  13 Deferred revenue (2)
4  44 Other
20  17 Total other long-term liabilities
$ 271  $453 (1)
  Please refer to the “Recently Adopted Accounting Pronouncement” section of Note 1 of these Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for a discussionregarding the impact of a rece
ntly adopted accounting pronouncement related to stock-based compensation.(2)
  Deferred revenue under our patent cross licensing agreement with Intel Corporation is now located in short term deferred revenue as less than twelve monthsremains on the agreement.
74
Table of ContentsNVIDIA CORPORATION AND
 SUBSIDIARIESNOTES TO THE CONS
OLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS(Continued)
Note 9 - Derivative Financial Instruments
In
 fiscal year 2016, we entered into an interest rate swap for a portion of the operating lease financing arrangement for our new headquarters building thatentitles
 us to pay amounts based on a fixed interest rate in exchange for receipt of amounts based on variable interest rates. The objective of this interest rate swapis
 to  mitigate  variability  in  the  benchmark  interest  rate  on  the  first   $200  million  of  existing  operating  lease  financing  payments.  This  interest  rate  swap  isdesignated
 as a cash flow hedge, will have settlements beginning in the second quarter of fiscal year 2019, and will terminate in the fourth quarter of fiscal year2023. Gains or
 losses on this swap are recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) and will subsequently be recorded in earnings at the point whenthe related operat
ing lease financing expense begins to affect earnings or if ineffectiveness of the swap should occur.In fiscal year 2017, we ente
red into foreign currency forward contracts with a total U.S. dollar equivalent notional value of  $227 million to mitigate the impact of
 foreign currency exchange rate movements on our operating expenses. We designate these contracts as cash flow hedges and assess the effectiveness of thehedge
 relationships on a spot to spot basis. Gains or losses on the contracts are recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) and reclassified tooperating
 expense when the related operating expenses are recognized in earnings or ineffectiveness should occur. The fair value of the contracts as of January 29,2017
 was not significant. We also entered into foreign currency forward contracts with a total U.S. dollar equivalent notional value of  $99 million  to  mitigate theimpact
 of  foreign  currency  movements  on  monetary  assets  and  liabilities  that  are  denominated  in  currencies  other  than  our  reporting  currency.  These  foreigncurrency forward contracts were not designated for hedge accounti
ng treatment. Therefore, the change in fair value of these contracts is recorded as a component ofother income (expense), net, and offsets the change in fair value of the foreign currency denominate
d monetary assets and liabilities, which is also recorded in otherincome (expense), net.
Under the master netting agreements with the respective counterparties to our foreign currency forward co
ntracts, we are allowed to net settle transactions withthe
 same counterparty, subject to applicable requirements. However, we present our derivative assets and liabilities at their gross fair values on our ConsolidatedBalance Sheets. We are 
not required to pledge, and are not entitled to receive, cash collateral related to these derivative instruments.As of January 29, 2017, the maturiti
es of the designated foreign currency forward contracts were three months or less. We
 formally assess, both at inception and on an ongoing basis, whether derivative financial instruments designated for hedge accounting treatment are highlyeffective.
 During fiscal year 2017, all derivative financial instruments designated for hedge accounting treatment were determined to be highly effective and therewere no gains or losses associat
ed with ineffectiveness.For
 fiscal years 2017 and 2016, we recognized a net change in unrealized gains (losses) on derivative financial instruments designated for hedge accountingtreatment of  
$4 million and $(4) million , respectively, net of t ax, in other comprehensive income (loss).We expect
 to realize all gains and losses deferred into accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) related to foreign currency forward contracts within thenext
 twelve months. However, we do not expect to reclassify any amount from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) into earnings related to the interestrate swap as the underlying ope
rating lease financing payments for our new headquarters building will not start within the next twelve months.75
Table of ContentsNVIDIA CORPORATION AND
 SUBSIDIARIESNOTES TO THE CONS
OLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS(Continued)
Note 10 
- Guarantees 
U.S.
 GAAP  requires  that  upon  issuance  of  a  guarantee,  the  guarantor  must  recognize  a  liability  for  the  fair  value  of  the  obligation  it  assumes  under  thatguarantee.
 In  addition,  U.S. GAAP requires  disclosures  about  the guarantees  that  an  entity  has  issued, including  a tabular  reconciliation  of  the changes  of theentity’s product warranty 
liabilities. 
Accrual for Product Warranty Liabili
tiesWe
 record a reduction to revenue for estimated product returns at the time revenue is recognized primarily based on historical return rates. Cost of revenueincludes
 the  estimated  cost  of  product  warranties.  Under limited  circumstances,  we  may  offer  an extended  limited  warranty  to  customers  for  certain  products.Additionally, we accrue for known war
ranty and indemnification issues if a loss is probable and can be reasonably estimated.In fiscal
 year 2016, we announced a voluntary recall and replacement of our SHIELD 8-inch tablets that were sold between July 2014 and July 2015. We havedetermined
 that  the  battery  in  these  tablets  can  overheat,  posing  a  fire  hazard.  The  recall  did  not  affect  any  other  NVIDIA  products.  In  fiscal  year  2016,  werecorded a 
$26 million charge against cost of re venue to cover anticipated customer warranty, repair, return, replacement and other associated costs.The estimated product r
eturns and estimated product warranty liabilities are as follows: 
January 29, 2017
 January 31, 2016
 January 25, 2015
 
(In millions) Balance at beginning of per
iod$ 11  $8  $8 Additions
2  27  5 Deductions
(5 ) (24 ) (5 )Balance at end of period 
$ 8  $11  $8  
In
 connection with certain agreements that we have entered into in the past, we have provided indemnities to cover the indemnified party for matters such astax,
 product, and employee liabilities. We have included intellectual property indemnification provisions in our technology related agreements with third parties.Maximum
 potential future payments cannot be estimated because many of these agreements do not have a maximum stated liability. We have not recorded anyliability in our Consolidat
ed Financial Statements for such indemnifications.   Note 11 
- DebtConvertible Debt
1.00 % Convertible Senior Notes Due 2018
In
 fiscal year 2014, we issued  $1.50  billion  of 1.00% Convertible  Senior Notes due 2018. The Convertible Notes are unsecured, unsubordinated obligationsof
 the  Company,  which  pay  interest  in  cash  semi-annually  at  a  rate  of  1.00%  per  annum.  The  Convertible  Notes  will  mature  on  December  1,  2018  unlessrepurchased
 or converted prior to such date. Upon conversion, we will pay cash up to the aggregate principal amount of the Convertible Notes and may pay ordeliver
 cash, shares of our common stock or a combination thereof, at our election, of our conversion obligation in excess of the aggregate principal amount of theConvertible
 Notes being converted. As of January 29, 2017, the conversion rate, after adjusting for dividend increases, was  49.8351  shares  of common stock per$1,000 
principal amount of the Conve rtible Notes (equivalent to an adjusted conversion price of  $20.0662  per share of common stock). Holders may convert all or any
 portion of their Convertible Notes at their option at any time prior to August 1, 2018 under certain circumstances. For example,during
 any fiscal quarter, if the last reported sale price of the common stock for at least 20 trading days during a period of 30 consecutive trading days ending onthe
 last trading day of the immediately preceding fiscal quarter is greater than or equal to 130% of the conversion price on each applicable trading day, the Notesbecome
 convertible at the holders' option .  As this condition was met, the Convertible Notes first became convertible at the holders' option beginning on the firstday of fiscal year 2017 and con
tinued to be convertible at the holders’ option through April 30, 2017.76
Table of ContentsNVIDIA CORPORATION AND
 SUBSIDIARIESNOTES TO THE CONS
OLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS(Continued)
During
 fiscal year 2017, we paid cash to settle an aggregate of  $673 million  in  principal amount of the Convertible Notes and have $827 million in principal amount
 outstanding as of January 29, 2017. We issued 23  million  shares  of our common stock for the excess conversion value, and recognized a loss of  $21 million 
 on  early conversions, of the Convertible Notes. Based on the closing price of our common stock of $111.77 on  the last trading day of fiscal year 2017, theif-converted value of 
the remaining outstanding Convertible Notes exceeded their principal amount by approximately  $3.78 billion . Subsequent
 to January 29, 2017, we have settled an additional $502  million in  principal amount of Convertible Notes and issued 20  million additional shares of
 our common stock for the excess conversion value. Based on additional conversion requests we have received, we expect to settle an additional $103 million in principal amount
 of Convertible Notes and issue additional shares of our common stock for the excess conversion value during the remainder of the first quarter offiscal
 year 2018 and to settle another additional $55  million in  principal amount of Convertible Notes and issue additional shares of our common stock for theexcess
 conversion value during the second quarter of fiscal year 2018. The actual number of shares issuable upon conversion will be determined based upon theterms of the Convertible Not
es, and we expect to receive an equal number of shares of our common stock under the terms of the Note Hedges.We
 separately  accounted  for  the  liability  and  equity  components  of  the  Convertible  Notes  at  issuance,  since  our  conversion  obligation  in  excess  of  theaggregate
 principal  could  be  fully  or  partially  settled  in  cash.  The  liability  component  was  assigned  by  estimating  the  fair  value  of  a  similar  debt  without  theconversion feature. The difference between the net cash proceeds and the liability component was as
signed as the equity component. The initial liability componentof
 the Convertible Notes was valued at  $1.35  billion  and  the initial carrying value of the equity component recorded in additional paid-in-capital was valued at $126
 million .  This  equity  component,  together  with  the   $23  million  purchaser's  discount  to  the  par  value  of  the  Convertible  Notes,  represented  the  initialaggregate unamortized
 debt discount of  $148 million .  The debt discount is amortized as interest expense over the contractual term of the Convertible Notes usingthe effective interest method an
d an interest rate of  3.15% . As
 of January 29, 2017, the carrying value of the Convertible Notes was classified as a current liability and the difference between the principal amount andthe
 carrying value of the Convertible Notes was classified as convertible debt conversion obligation in the mezzanine equity section of our Consolidated BalanceSheet.
The following table presents 
the carrying value of the liability of the Convertible Notes: 
January 29, 2017  January 31, 2016 
(In millions) 1.00% Convertible Senior Notes
$ 827  $1,500 Unamortized debt discount (1)
(31 ) (87 )Net carrying amount
$ 796  $1,413 (1) As of 
January 29, 2017 , the remaining period ove r which the unamortized debt discount will be amortized is 1.8 years.The following table presents 
interest expense for the contractual interest and the accretion of debt discount and issuance costs related to the Convertible Notes: 
Year Ended  
January 29, 2017  January 31, 2016 January 25, 2015 
(In millions) Contractual coupon interes
t expense$ 9  $15  $15 Amortization of debt discount
24  29  28 Total interest expense 
related to Convertible Notes$ 33  $44  $43 77
Table of ContentsNVIDIA CORPORATION AND
 SUBSIDIARIESNOTES TO THE CONS
OLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS(Continued)
Note Hedges and Warrants
Concurrently
 with the issuance of the Convertible Notes, we entered into a convertible note hedge transaction, or the Note Hedges. The Note Hedges have anadjusted
 strike price of $20.0662  per  share and allow us to receive shares of our common stock and/or cash related to the excess conversion value that we woulddeliver
 and/or pay, respectively, to the holders of the Convertible Notes upon conversion. Through January 29, 2017, we had received  23  million  shares  of ourcommon
 stock  from  the  exercise  of  a  portion  of  the  Note  Hedges  related  to  the  settlement  of  $673  million  in  principal  amount  of  the  Convertible  Notes.Subsequently,
 we  have  received   20  million  shares  of  our  common  stock  from  the  exercise  of  a  portion  of  the  Note  Hedges  related  to  the  settlement  of  anadditional
 $502 million in principal amount, and we expect to receive additional shares of our common stock related to an additional $103 million in principalamount
 that is expected to settle during the first quarter of fiscal year 2018 and at least $55 million in principal amount that is expected to settle during the secondquarter of fiscal ye
ar 2018.In
 addition, concurrent with the offering of the Convertible Notes and the purchase of the Note Hedges, we entered into a separate warrant transaction, or theWarrants,
 with an adjusted strike price of $27.0122  per  share. On December 12, 2016, we entered into an agreement with a counterparty bank to terminate 63 million 
of the 75 million warrants  outstanding. In consideration for the termination of these warrants, we delivered a total of 48 million shares  of common stock tothe
 counterparty  bank,  the  amount  of  which  was  determined  each  day  based  on  the  daily  volume-weighted  average  price  of  the  common  stock  during  anobservation
 period beginning December 13, 2016 and ending January 31, 2017. As of January 29, 2017, 44  million of  the 48 million shares of our common stockhad been issued related to 
the terminated Warrants. The remaining 4 million shares were issued in the beginn ing of fiscal year 2018.Long-Term Debt
2.20% Notes Due 2021 and 3.20% Notes Due 2026
On
 September 16, 2016, we issued $1.00 billion of the 2.20% Notes  Due 2021, and $1.00 billion of the 3.20% Notes  Due 2026 (collectively, the Notes).Interest
 on the Notes is payable on March 16 and September 16 of each year, beginning on March 16, 2017. Upon 30 days' notice to holders of the Notes, we mayredeem
 the Notes for cash prior to maturity, at redemption prices that include accrued and unpaid interest, if any, and a make-whole premium. However, no make-whole
 premium will be paid for redemptions of the Notes Due 2021 on or after August 16, 2021, or for redemptions of the Notes Due 2026 on or after June 16,2026. The net proceeds from the Not
es were  $1.98 billion , after deducting debt dis count and issuance costs.The
 Notes  are  our  unsecured  senior  obligations  and  rank  equally  in  right  of  payment  with  all  of  our  existing  and  future  unsecured  and  unsubordinatedindebtedness. The Notes
 are structurally subordinated to the liabilities of our subsidiaries and are effectively subordinated to any secured indebtedness to the extentof the value of the assets s
ecuring such indebtedness. All existing and future liabilities of our subsidiaries will be effectively senior to the Notes.The carrying value of our long
-term debt and the associated interest rates were as follows: 
 ExpectedRemaining Term
(years)
 EffectiveInterest Rate
 January 29, 2017 
     (In millions) 2.20% Notes Due 2021
 4.6  2.38%  $1,000 3.20% Notes Due 2026
 9.6  3.31%  1,000 Unamortized debt discount and 
issuance costs     (17 )Net carrying amount
     $1,983 Revolving Credit Facility
On
 October 7, 2016, we entered into a credit agreement, or the Credit Agreement, under which we may borrow, repay and re-borrow amounts from time totime, up to  
$575 million , for working capital and othe r general corporate purposes. The commitments under the Credit Agreement are available for a 5-year periodending
 on October 7, 2021, on which all outstanding obligations would be due and payable. The Credit Agreement also permits us to obtain additional revolvingloan commitments up to  
$425 million , subject to certain cond itions. As of January 29, 2017, we had not borrowed any amounts under the Credit Agreement.78
Table of ContentsNVIDIA CORPORATION AND
 SUBSIDIARIESNOTES TO THE CONS
OLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS(Continued)
Note 12 
- Commitments and Contingencies 
Inventory Purchase Obligations
 
As of 
January 29, 2017 , we had outstanding inventory purchas e obligations totaling $1.00 billion . Capital Purchase Obligations
 
As of 
January 29, 2017 , we had outstanding capital pur chase obligations totaling $38 million .  
Lease Obligations
Our headquarters
 complex is located in Santa Clara, California and includes eight buildings that are leased properties. Future minimum lease payments relatedto
 headquarters operating leases total $50  million over  the remaining terms of the leases, including predetermined rent escalations, and are included in the futureminimum lease paymen
t schedule below.    
In
 addition to the commitment of our headquarters, we have other domestic and international office facilities under operating leases expiring through fiscalyear 2026. We also include non-
cancelable obligations under certain software licensing arrangements as operating leases.Future minimum lease pay
ments under our non-cancelable operating leases as of January 29, 2017 , are as follows:    
Future Minimum LeaseObligations
 
(In millions) Fiscal Year:
 2018
$ 42 2019
36 2020
20 2021
17 2022
12 2023 and thereafter
13 Total
$ 140  
Rent expense for fiscal ye
ars 2017 , 2016 , and 2015 was $46 million , $45 million , and $47 million , respectively. Capital lease obligations include building and
 office equipment lease obligations. The building lease relates to our datacenter in Santa Clara, California. Futureminimum
 lease  payments  under  the  building  capital  lease  total $11  million over  the  remaining  lease  term,  including  predetermined  rent  escalations,  and  areincluded in the future m
inimum lease payment schedule below: 
Future Capital LeaseObligations
 
(In millions) Fiscal Year:
 2018
$ 5 2019
6 Total
$ 11 Present value of minimum 
lease payments$ 10  
 Current portion
$ 4 Long-term portion
$ 6  
79
Table of ContentsNVIDIA CORPORATION AND
 SUBSIDIARIESNOTES TO THE CONS
OLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS(Continued)
Operating Lease Financing Arrangement
In
 fiscal year 2016, we began to construct a new headquarters building in Santa Clara, California, which is currently targeted for completion in the fourthquarter
 of fiscal year 2018. We are financing this construction under an off-balance sheet, build-to-suit operating lease arrangement. As a part of this arrangement,we
 leased the real property we own where the building will be constructed under a 99 year ground lease to a syndicate of banks and concurrently leased back thebuilding under a real prope
rty lease.Under
 the real property lease, we pay rent, taxes, maintenance costs, utilities, insurance and other property related costs. The lease has an initial 7.5 year termexpiring
 on December 19, 2022, consisting of an approximately 2.5 year construction period followed by a 5 year lease term. We have the option to renew thislease for up to 
three additional 5 year periods, subject to approval by the banks.We
 will  oversee  the  construction  of  the  headquarters  building.  The  banks  have  committed  to  fund  up  to $380  million of  costs  relating  to  construction.Advances
 will be made periodically to reimburse us for construction costs we incur. Once construction is complete, the lease balance will remain static at thecompleted cost for the remaining duration of the lease term. During construction, accrued interest will be capitalized into the lease balance. Followin
g construction,we will pay rent in the form o
f interest. We have guaranteed the obligations under the lease held by our subsidiary.During
 the term of the lease, we may elect to purchase the headquarters building for the amount of the banks’ investment in the building and any accrued butunpaid
 rent. At the end of the lease term, we may elect to buy the building for the outstanding balance on the maturity date or arrange for the cash sale of thebuilding
 to an unaffiliated third party. The aggregate guarantee made by us under the lease is no more than 87.5% of  the costs incurred in connection with theconstruction of
 the building. However, under certain default circumstances, the lease guarantee may be 100% of the banks’ investment in the building plus any andall accrued but unpaid in
terest and all other rent due and payable under the operative agreements.The
 operative agreements are subject to customary default provisions, including, for example, those relating to payment and performance defaults, and eventsof
 bankruptcy. We are also subject to financial covenants including a covenant to maintain a maximum total leverage ratio not to exceed 3.5 to 1.0 . If certainevents of default occur 
and are continuing under the operative agreements, the banks may accelerate repayment of their investment under the lease.Litigation
Qualcomm, Inc. and various Samsung Entities
In September 2014, NVIDIA filed compla
ints against Qualcomm, Inc. and various Samsung entities in both the United States International Trade Commission,or ITC, and the United States Distri
ct Court for the District of Delaware alleging infringement of certain patents relating to graphics processing. In November 2014,Samsung
 filed complaints against NVIDIA in the ITC and the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Virginia, alleging that NVIDIA infringedcertain patents.
NVIDIA
 and Samsung, and NVIDIA and Qualcomm, also challenged the validity of certain of each other’s patents through inter partes review before theUnited States Patent and Trade
mark Office.On April
 28, 2016, NVIDIA and Samsung entered a binding memorandum of understanding which resolved all existing intellectual property disputes betweenthe parties, and
 requires the immediate dismissal of all pending litigation between them. As a result of this agreement, on May 5, 2016, Samsung filed a Stipulationof
 Dismissal in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Virginia. On May 11, 2016, NVIDIA voluntarily dismissed its petition to the UnitedStates Court of Appeals for the
 Federal Circuit to review the ITC’s decision in Investigation No. 337-TA-932. On May 12, 2016, NVIDIA voluntarily dismissed itsComplaint
 in the United States District Court for the District of Delaware. On May 19, 2016, Samsung filed a Corrected Joint Motion to Terminate InvestigationNo.
 337-TA-941. On June 16, 2016, the ITC granted the joint motion and terminated the ITC investigation. The parties have also moved to dismiss all pendinginter
 partes reviews. Also as part of this agreement, NVIDIA and Samsung each received a license to a small number of patents of the other, but no portfoliolicense
 was granted nor was any compensation paid by either party. On June 28, 2016, NVIDIA and Samsung executed a settlement agreement based on the April28, 2016 memorandum of understanding.
NVIDIA’s dismissals on May 11, 2016 and May 12, 2016 also ter
minated its claims against Qualcomm.80
Table of ContentsNVIDIA CORPORATION AND
 SUBSIDIARIESNOTES TO THE CONS
OLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS(Continued)
Advanced Silicon Technologies LLC
In
 December 2015, Advanced Silicon Technologies LLC filed complaints in the ITC and the United States District Court for the District of Delaware alleginginfringement
 of certain patents relating to graphics processing and memory management. NVIDIA and Advanced Silicon Technologies resolved this litigation onApril
 22, 2016 and NVIDIA agreed to license the patents asserted and other patents owned and controlled by Advanced Silicon Technologies and certain of itsaffiliates. On April 27, 2016, NVIDIA and Advanced Sil
icon Technologies jointly moved to terminate the investigation as to NVIDIA. The Office of Unfair ImportInvestigations
 supported the motion, and none of the other parties opposed it. On May 10, 2016, the Administrative Law Judge issued an Initial Determinationgranting the
 joint request to terminate the investigation as to NVIDIA. On June 1, 2016, the ITC issued a Notice determining not to review the Administrative LawJudge’s
 determination, thereby finalizing termination of the investigation as to NVIDIA. Pursuant to the license agreement,  $10 million  was recorded  as a chargeto cost of revenue during fis
cal year 2017.Polaris Innovations Limited
On May 16, 2016, Polaris Inn
ovations Limited filed a complaint in the United States District Court for the Western District of Texas alleging that NVIDIA hasinfringed
 and  is  continuing  to  infringe  on  six  of  its  U.S.  patents  related  generally  to  control  of  DRAM  memory.  The  complaint  seeks  unspecified  monetarydamages, enhanced damages, 
interest, fees, expenses, and costs against NVIDIA.On
 September 14, 2016, NVIDIA answered the Polaris Complaint and asserted various defenses including non-infringement and invalidity of the six Polarispatents.
 On December 5, 2016, the Texas Court granted NVIDIA’s motion to transfer and transferred the case to the Northern District of California. An initialscheduling conference has b
een set for March 16, 2017. A trial date has not yet been set.On December 7, 2016, NVIDIA filed an inter pa
rtes review request with the United States Patent and Trademark Office, or USPTO, challenging the validity ofU.S.
 Patent No. 7,886,122, which is asserted by Polaris in that California district court litigation. On December 19, 2016, NVIDIA filed an inter partes reviewrequest
 with the USPTO challenging the validity of U.S. Patent No. 7,124,325, another patent asserted by Polaris. An institution decision is expected in both ofthese matters in June 2017. I
f instituted, the USPTO will conduct a trial on the validity of each of these patents.On December 30, 2016, NVIDI
A received notice that Polaris had filed a complaint for patent infringement in Germany. The German case alleges infringementof European Patent No. EP1428
225 and German Patent Nos. DE 10223167 and DE 1020066043668. NVIDIA has retained counsel in Germany to defend this case.A trial date has not yet be
en set.Accounting for Loss Contingencies
While
 there can be no assurance of favorable outcomes, we believe the claims made by other party in the above ongoing matters are without merit and weintend
 to vigorously defend the actions. As of January 29, 2017, we have not recorded any accrual for contingent liabilities associated with the legal proceedingsdescribed
 above based on our belief that liabilities, while possible, are not probable. Further, any possible range of loss in these matters cannot be reasonablyestimated
 at this time. We are engaged in other legal actions not described above arising in the ordinary course of its business and, while there can be no assuranceof
 favorable outcomes, we believe that the ultimate outcome of these actions will not have a material adverse effect on our operating results, liquidity or financialposition.
81
Table of ContentsNVIDIA CORPORATION AND
 SUBSIDIARIESNOTES TO THE CONS
OLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS(Continued)
Note 13 
- Income Taxes 
The income tax expense appl
icable to income before income taxes consists of the following: 
Year Ended  
January 29, 2017
 January 31, 2016
 January 25, 2015
 
(In millions) Current income taxes:
     Federal
$ 7  $(43 ) $8 State
1  1  1 Foreign
34  25  17 Total current
42  (17 ) 26 Deferred taxes:
     Federal
199  134  84 State
—  —  — Foreign
(2 ) —  (1 )Total deferred
197  134  83 Charge in lieu of taxes at
tributable to employer stock option plans—  12  15 Income tax expense
$ 239  $129  $124  
Income before income 
tax consists of the following: 
Year Ended  
January 29, 2017
 January 31, 2016
 January 25, 2015
 
(In millions) Domestic
$ 600  $129  $174 Foreign
1,305  614  581 Income before income tax
$ 1,905  $743  $755  
82
Table of ContentsNVIDIA CORPORATION AND
 SUBSIDIARIESNOTES TO THE CONS
OLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS(Continued)
The income tax expense differs from the amount computed by applying the federal statutory income tax rate of 
35% to income before incom e taxes as follows: 
Year Ended  
January 29, 2017
 January 31, 2016
 January 25, 2015
 
(In millions) Tax expense computed at fed
eral statutory rate$ 667  $260  $264 Tax expense related to in
tercompany transaction10  10  10 State income taxes, net 
of federal tax effect4  1  1 Foreign tax rate differential
(315 ) (95 ) (120 )Stock-based compensation (1)
(70 ) 13  4 U.S. federal R&D tax credit
(52 ) (38 ) (34 )Restructuring and ex
piration of statute of limitations—  (21 ) — Other
(5 ) (1 ) (1 )Income tax expense
$ 239  $129  $124 (1)
We adopted an accounting standard related to stock-based compensation effective February 1, 2016, which required the excess tax benefit to be reflected inour
 provision for income taxes rather than in additional paid-in-capital. The total related excess tax benefit recognized for fiscal year 2017 was $82  million . Please refer to Note 1 of th
ese Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.The tax effect of te
mporary differences that gives rise to significant portions of the deferred tax assets and liabilities are presented below:      
January 29, 2017
 January 31, 2016
 
(In millions) Deferred tax assets:
 Net operating loss carryfo
rwards (1)$ 199  $57 Accruals and reserves, not cu
rrently deductible for tax purposes40  58 Property, equipment and intang
ible assets50  50 Research and other tax cr
edit carryforwards (1)728  404 Stock-based compensation
34  29 Convertible debt
6  9 Gross deferred tax assets
1,057  607 Less valuation allowance (1)
(353 ) (272 )Total deferred tax assets
704  335 Deferred tax liabilities:
   Acquired intangibles
(11 ) (17 )Unremitted earnings of fo
reign subsidiaries(827 ) (615 )Gross deferred tax liabilities
(838 ) (632 )Net deferred tax liability
$ (134 ) $(297 )(1)
Balances as of January 29, 2017 reflect the adoption of an accounting standard related to stock-based compensation. Please refer to Note 1 of these Notes tothe Consolidated Financial Sta
tements for additional information.83
Table of ContentsNVIDIA CORPORATION AND
 SUBSIDIARIESNOTES TO THE CONS
OLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS(Continued)
We recognized
 income tax expense of $239 million , $129 million , and $124 million for fiscal  years 2017, 2016, and 2015, respectively. Our annual effectivetax rate was 
12.5% , 17.3% , and 16.5% for fiscal years 2017, 2016, and 2015, r espectively. The decrease in the effective tax rate in fiscal year 2017 as compared tofiscal
 years 2016 and 2015 was primarily due to the recognition of excess tax benefits from our adoption of a new accounting standard related to the simplificationof
 certain aspects of stock-based compensation accounting. The higher effective tax rate in fiscal year 2016 as compared to fiscal years 2017 and 2015 was due toan
 additional  amount  of  earnings  subject  to  United  States  tax  in  fiscal  year  2016,  partially  offset  by  a  net  income  tax  benefit  related  to  the  Icera  modemrestructuring in fisc
al year 2016.Our
 effective  tax  rate  for  each  of  the  fiscal  years  was  lower  than  the  U.S.  federal  statutory  rate  of 35% due  primarily  to  income  earned  in  jurisdictions,including
 British Virgin Islands, Hong Kong, China, Taiwan and United Kingdom, where the tax rate is lower than the United States federal statutory tax rate of35% 
,  favorable  recognition  in  these  fiscal  years  of  the  U.S.  federal  research  tax  credit  and  favorable  discrete  events  primarily  attributable  to  the  tax  benefitrecognized
 upon the expiration of the applicable statutes of limitations, and adoption of an accounting standard related to stock-based compensation during fiscalyear 2017.
As of January 29, 2017 and January 31, 2016, we had a valua
tion allowance of $353 million and $272 million , respectively, related to state and certain foreigndeferred
 tax assets  that  management  determined  not likely  to be realized  due, in  part,  to projections  of future  taxable  income.  To the extent  realization  of thedeferred tax assets be
comes more-likely-than-not, we would recognize such deferred tax asset as an income tax benefit during the period.As
 of January 29, 2017, we had federal, state and foreign net operating loss carryforwards of $448 million , $446 million and $219 million , respectively. The federal
 and state carryforwards will expire beginning in fiscal year 2022 and 2018, respectively. The foreign net operating loss carryforwards of $219 million may be
 carried forward indefinitely. As of January 29, 2017, we had federal research tax credit carryforwards of $541  million that  will begin to expire in fiscal year2018.
 We have state research tax credit carryforwards of $476  million ,  of which $457  million is  attributable to the State of California and may be carried overindefinitely, and 
$19 million is  attributable to various other states and will expire beginning in fiscal year 2018. Our tax attributes, net operating loss and tax creditcarryforwards,
 remain subject to audit and may be adjusted for changes or modification in tax laws, other authoritative interpretations thereof, or other facts andcircumstances.
 Utilization  of  federal,  state,  and  foreign  net  operating  losses  and  tax  credit  carryforwards  may  also  be  subject  to  limitations  due  to  ownershipchanges
 and other limitations provided by the Internal Revenue Code and similar state and foreign tax provisions. If any such limitations apply, the federal, states,or foreign net operating 
loss and tax credit carryforwards, as applicable, may expire or be denied before utilization.As
 of January 29, 2017, U.S. federal and state income taxes have not been provided on approximately $3.13  billion of  undistributed earnings of non-UnitedStates
 subsidiaries  as such earnings  are considered  to be indefinitely  reinvested.  We have not provided  the amount of unrecognized  deferred  tax liabilities  fortemporary differences related to i
nvestments in our foreign subsidiaries as the determination of such amount is not practicable.As
 of January 29, 2017, we had $224  million of  gross unrecognized tax benefits, of which $209  million would  affect our effective tax rate if recognized.However, approximately 
$27 million of the unrecognized tax ben efits were related to state income tax positions taken, that, if recognized, would be in the form of acarryforward deferred
 tax asset that would likely attract a full valuation allowance. The $209 million of  unrecognized tax benefits as of January 29, 2017 consistedof 
$83 million recorded in non-current income taxes payable and $126 million reflected as a reduction to t he related deferred tax assets.A reconciliation of gross unr
ecognized tax benefits is as follows: 
January 29, 2017
 January 31, 2016
 January 25, 2015
 
(In millions) Balance at beginning of per
iod$ 230  $254  $238 Increases in tax positions 
for prior years3  —  — Decreases in tax positions fo
r prior years—  (1 ) (1 )Increases in tax positions 
for current year46  28  23 Settlements
(48 ) —  — Lapse in statute of lim
itations(7 ) (51 ) (6 )Balance at end of period
$ 224  $230  $254 84
Table of ContentsNVIDIA CORPORATION AND
 SUBSIDIARIESNOTES TO THE CONS
OLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS(Continued)
We
 classify an unrecognized tax benefit as a current liability, or amount refundable, to the extent that we anticipate payment or receipt of cash for incometaxes within one year. The amoun
t is classified as a long-term liability, or reduction of long-term deferred tax assets or amount refundable, if we anticipate paymentor receipt of cash for 
income taxes during a period beyond a year.Our policy
 is to include interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits as a component of income tax expense. As of January 29, 2017, January 31,2016,
 and  January  25,  2015,  we  had  accrued $13  million , $11  million ,  and $14  million ,  respectively,  for  the  payment  of  interest  and  penalties  related  tounrecognized
 tax benefits, which is not included as a component of our unrecognized tax benefits. As of January 29, 2017, non-current income taxes payable of$96 million 
consisted of unrecognized t ax benefits of $83 million and the related inte rest and penalties of $13 million . While we
 believe that we have adequately provided for all tax positions, amounts asserted by tax authorities could be greater or less than our accrued position.Accordingly,
 our  provisions  on  federal,  state  and  foreign  tax-related  matters  to  be  recorded  in  the  future  may  change  as  revised  estimates  are  made  or  theunderlying
 matters are settled or otherwise resolved. As of January 29, 2017, we do not believe that our estimates, as otherwise provided for, on such tax positionswill significantly inc
rease or decrease within the next twelve months.We
 are subject to taxation by a number of taxing authorities both in the United States and throughout the world. As of January 29, 2017, the significant taxjurisdictions that
 may be subject to examination include the United States, Hong Kong, Taiwan, China, United Kingdom, Germany, and India for fiscal years 2003through 2016. As of
 January 29, 2017, the significant tax jurisdictions for which we are currently under examination include India, Taiwan, and Germany for fiscalyears 2003 through 2016.
85
Table of ContentsNVIDIA CORPORATION AND
 SUBSIDIARIESNOTES TO THE CONS
OLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS(Continued)
Note 14 
- Shareholders’ EquityCapital Return Program
Beginning
 August 2004, our Board of Directors authorized us, subject to certain specifications, to repurchase shares of our common stock. On November 7,2016, the Board authorized an addi
tional  $2.00 billion  under our repurchase progra m and extended it through December 2020.During
 fiscal year 2017, we repurchased a total of 15  million shares  for $739  million and  paid $261  million in  cash dividends to our shareholders, equivalentto 
$0.485 per share on an annual basis. Through 
January 29, 2017 , we have repurchased an aggreg ate of  245 million  shares under our share repur chase program for a total cost of  $4.59 billion . All shares
 delivered from these repurchases have been placed into treasury stock. As of January  29, 2017 ,  we were authorized, subject to certain specifications, torepurchase additional sh
ares of our common stock up to  $2.73 billion  through December 2020. Convertible Preferred Stock
As of 
January 29, 2017 and January 31, 2016 , there were no shares of pre ferred stock outstanding.Common 
Stock We are authorized to 
issue up to 2.00 billion shares of our common stock at $0.001 per share par value. Note 15 - Employee Retirement Plans
 
We
 have a 401(k) retirement plan covering substantially all of our United States employees. Under the plan, participating employees may defer up to 100% of their
 pre-tax earnings, subject to the Internal Revenue Service annual contribution limits. Effective January 2013, we began matching a portion of the employeecontributions.
 Our contribution expense for fiscal years 2017 , 2016 ,  and 2015 was $12 million , $8 million ,  and $6  million ,  respectively. We also have definedcontribution
 retirement plans outside of the United States to which we contributed $23  million , $21 million ,  and $20  million for  fiscal years 2017 , 2016 , and 2015 
, respectively. 86
Table of ContentsNVIDIA CORPORATION AND
 SUBSIDIARIESNOTES TO THE CONS
OLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS(Continued)
Note 16 
- Segment Information  Our
 Chief Executive Officer, who is considered to be our chief operating decision maker, or CODM, reviews financial information presented on an operatingsegment basis for purposes of m
aking operating decisions and assessing financial performance. Our operating segments are equivalent to our reportable segments.We
 report our business in two primary reportable segments - the GPU business and the Tegra Processor business - based on a single underlying graphicsarchitecture.
Our
 GPU product brands are aimed at specialized markets including GeForce for gamers; Quadro for designers; Tesla and DGX for AI data scientists and bigdata
 researchers; and GRID for cloud-based visual computing users. Our Tegra brand integrates an entire computer onto a single chip, and incorporates GPUs andmulti-core CPUs to drive superco
mputing for mobile gaming and entertainment devices, as well as autonomous robots, drones and cars.We
 have a single unifying architecture for our GPU and Tegra Processors. This architecture unification leverages our visual computing expertise by chargingthe operating expenses of c
ertain core engineering functions to the GPU business, while charging the Tegra Processor business for the incremental cost of the teamsworking
 directly for that business. In instances where the operating expenses of certain functions benefit both reportable segments, our CODM assigns 100% ofthose expenses to the report
able segment that benefits the most.The
 “All  Other”  category  presented  below  represents  the  revenue  and  expenses  that  our  CODM  does  not  assign  to  either  the  GPU business  or  the  TegraProcessor business for
 purposes of making operating decisions or assessing financial performance. The revenue includes primarily patent licensing revenue and theexpenses
 include  stock-based  compensation  expense,  corporate  infrastructure  and  support  costs,  acquisition-related  costs,  legal  settlement  costs,  contributions,restructuring and other 
charges, product warranty charge, and other non-recurring charges and benefits that our CODM deems to be enterprise in nature.Our
 CODM does not review any information regarding total assets on a reportable segment basis. Reportable segments do not record intersegment revenue,and,
 accordingly, there is none to be reported. The accounting policies for segment reporting are the same as for NVIDIA as a whole. The table below presentsdetails of our reportab
le segments and the “All Other” category. 
GPU  Tegra Processor All Other Consolidated 
(In millions) Year Ended January 29, 2017:
       Revenue
$ 5,822  $824  $264  $6,910 Depreciation and amort
ization expense$ 116  $29  $42  $187 Operating income (loss)
$ 2,180  $(9 ) $(237 ) $1,934 Year Ended January 31, 2016:
       Revenue
$ 4,187  $559  $264  $5,010 Depreciation and amort
ization expense$ 110  $43  $44  $197 Operating income (loss)
$ 1,344  $(239 ) $(358 ) $747 Year Ended January 25, 2015:
       Revenue
$ 3,839  $579  $264  $4,682 Depreciation and amort
ization expense$ 117  $57  $46  $220 Operating income (loss)
$ 1,113  $(254 ) $(100 ) $759 87
Table of ContentsNVIDIA CORPORATION AND
 SUBSIDIARIESNOTES TO THE CONS
OLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS(Continued)
 
 Year Ended  
 January 29, 2017
 January 31, 2016
 January 25, 2015
 
 (In millions) Reconciling items included in "All Other" cat
egory:    Unallocated revenue
 $264  $264  $264 Stock-based compensation
 (247 ) (204 ) (158 )Unallocated cost of revenu
e and operating expenses (215 ) (244 ) (169 )Acquisition-related costs
 (16 ) (22 ) (37 )Legal settlement costs
 (16 ) —  — Contributions
 (4 ) —  — Restructuring and other cha
rges (3 ) (131 ) — Product warranty charges
 —  (21 ) — Total
 $(237 ) $(358 ) $(100 )Revenue
 by  geographic  region  is  allocated  to  individual  countries  based  on  the  location  to  which  the  products  are  initially  billed  even  if  our  customers’revenue
 is  attributable  to  end  customers  that  are  located  in  a  different  location.  The  following  table  summarizes  information  pertaining  to  our  revenue  fromcustomers based on the invoic
ing address by geographic regions:  
Year Ended  
January 29, 2017
 January 31, 2016
 January 25, 2015
Revenue:
(In millions) Taiwan
$ 2,546  $1,912  $1,594 China
1,305  806  922 Other Asia Pacific
1,010  749  638 United States
904  643  791 Europe
659  482  369 Other Americas
486  418  368 Total revenue
$ 6,910  $5,010  $4,682 The following table summar
izes information pertaining to our revenue by each of the specialized markets we serve: 
Year Ended  
January 29, 2017
 January 31, 2016
 January 25, 2015
Revenue:
(In millions) Gaming
$ 4,060  $2,818  $2,058 Professional Visualization
835  750  795 Datacenter
830  339  317 Automotive
487  320  183 OEM & IP
698  783  1,329 Total revenue
$ 6,910  $5,010  $4,682 88
Table of ContentsNVIDIA CORPORATION AND
 SUBSIDIARIESNOTES TO THE CONS
OLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS(Continued)
The
 following table presents summarized information for long-lived assets by geographic region. Long-lived assets consist of property and equipment anddeposits and other assets, and ex
clude goodwill and intangible assets. 
January 29, 2017
 January 31, 2016
Long-lived assets:
(In millions) United States
$ 440  $414 Taiwan
52  39 India
47  45 China
34  25 Europe
9  9 Other Asia Pacific
1  1 Total long-lived assets
$ 583  $533 Revenue from significant 
customers, those representing 10% or more of total revenue for the respective dates, is summarized as follows: 
Year Ended  
January 29, 2017
 January 31, 2016
 January 25, 2015
Revenue:
     Customer A
12 % 11 % 11 %Revenue was attributable to 
the GPU business.Accounts
 receivable  from significant customers,  those representing 10% or more of total accounts receivable  for the respective periods, is summarized  asfollows: 
 
January 29, 2017
 January 31, 2016
Accounts Receivable:
   Customer B
19 % 21 %Customer C
10 % 7 %Note 17 - Restructuring and Other Charges
 
In
 fiscal year 2016, we began the wind down of our Icera modem operations. Our operating expenses for fiscal years 2017 and 2016 included $3  million and $131 million 
, respectively, of rest ructuring and other charges. 
Year Ended  
January 29,  January 31, 
2017  2016  
(In millions) Employee severance and r
elated costs$ 5  $82 Tax subsidy (refund) impair
ment(3 ) 17 Facilities and related costs
—  27 Other exit costs
1  5 Restructuring and other cha
rges$ 3  $131 89
Table of ContentsNVIDIA CORPORATION AND
 SUBSIDIARIESNOTES TO THE CONS
OLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS(Continued)
The following
 table provides a summary of the restructuring activities and related liabilities recorded in accrued liabilities on our Consolidated Balance Sheetsas of January 29, 2017 and January 31, 2016:
 
January 29,  January 31, 
2017  2016  
(In millions) Balance at beginning of per
iod$ 23  $— Restructuring and other cha
rges3  131 Cash payments
(13 ) (63 )Non-cash adjustments
—  (45 )Balance at end of period
$ 13  $23 The majority of the re
maining balance of $13 million as of January 29, 2017 is expected to be paid during fiscal year 2018.90
Table of ContentsNVIDIA CORPORATION AND
 SUBSIDIARIESNOTES TO THE CONS
OLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS(Continued)
Note 18 - Quarterly Summary (Unaudited)
 
The following table sets for
th our unaudited consolidated financial results, for the last eight fiscal quarters: 
Fiscal Year 2017Quarters Ended
 
January 29, 2017
 October 30, 2016
 July 31,2016
 May 1, 2016
 
(In millions, except pe r share data)Statements of Income Data:
       Revenue
$ 2,173  $2,004  $1,428  $1,305 Cost of revenue
$ 870  $821  $602  $554 Gross profit
$ 1,303  $1,183  $826  $751 Net income (1)
$ 655  $542  $261  $208 Net income per share (1):
       Basic
$ 1.18  $1.01  $0.49  $0.39 Diluted
$ 0.99  $0.83  $0.41  $0.35 (1)
In the third quarter of fiscal year 2017, we adopted an accounting standard related to stock-based compensation, which requires adjustments to be reflectedbeginning in fiscal year 2017. Th
e adoption of the new accounting standard impacted our previously reported quarterly results for fiscal year 2017 as follows: 
Three Months Ended  Six Months Ended 
July 31, 2016  May 1, 2016 July 31, 2016 
As reported  As adjusted As reported As adjusted As reported As adjusted 
(In millions, except pe r share data)Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income:
           Income tax expense
$ 64  $56  $45  $33  $109  $89 Net income
$ 253  $261  $196  $208  $449  $469 Basic net income per share
$ 0.47  $0.49  $0.36  $0.39  $0.84  $0.88 Diluted net income per sha
re$ 0.40  $0.41  $0.33  $0.35  $0.73  $0.76 Weighted average shar
es used in diluted net income per sharecomputation
631  634  597  599  617  620  
           Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows:
           Net cash provided by operating a
ctivities$ 184  $201  $309  $318  $493  $519 Net cash used in financing ac
tivities$ (35 ) $(52 ) $(534 ) $(545 ) $(570 ) $(597 )91
Table of ContentsNVIDIA CORPORATION AND
 SUBSIDIARIESNOTES TO THE CONS
OLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS(Continued)
 
Fiscal Year 2016 Quarters Ended
 
January 31, 2016
 October 25, 2015
 July 26,2015
 April 26, 2015
 
(In millions, except pe r share data)Statements of Income Data:
       Revenue
$ 1,401  $1,305  $1,153  $1,151 Cost of revenue
$ 610  $572  $519  $498 Gross profit
$ 791  $733  $634  $653 Net income
$ 207  $247  $26  $134 Net income per share:
       Basic
$ 0.38  $0.45  $0.05  $0.24 Diluted
$ 0.35  $0.44  $0.05  $0.24 92
Table of ContentsNVIDIA CORPORATION AND
 SUBSIDIARIESSCHEDULE II – VALUATION AND
 QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS 
Description
 Balance atBeginning of Period
 Additions  Deductions  Balance atEnd of Period
 
 (In millions) Fiscal year 2017
        Allowance for doubtful accounts
 $2  $1 (1)$ — (1) $ 3 Sales return allowance
 $9  $9 (2)$ (8 )(4)$ 10 Deferred tax valuation 
allowance $272  $81 (3) $ —  $ 353 Fiscal year 2016
        Allowance for doubtful accounts
 $3  $— (1) $ (1 )(1)$ 2 Sales return allowance
 $14  $9 (2)$ (14 )(4)$ 9 Deferred tax valuation 
allowance $261  $11 (3) $ —  $ 272 Fiscal year 2015
        Allowance for doubtful accounts
 $1 $ 3 (1)$ (1 )(1)$ 3 Sales return allowance
 $14 $ 12 (2) $ (12 )(4)$ 14 Deferred tax valuation 
allowance $244 $ 17 (3) $ —  $ 261  
(1) 
  Additions represent allowance for doubtful accounts charged to expense and deductions represent amounts recorded as reduction to expense upon reassessmentof allowance for doubtful a
ccounts at period end.(2) 
Represents allowance for sales returns estimated at the time revenue is recognized primarily based on historical return rates and is charged as a reduction torevenue.
(3) 
  Represents change in valuation allowance primarily related to state and certain foreign deferred tax assets that management has determined not likely to berealized due, in part, 
to projections of future taxable income of the respective jurisdictions.(4) 
Represents sales returns.93
Table of ContentsEXHIBIT INDEX
 
   Incorporated by Reference    Exhibit No.
 Exhibit Description  Schedule/Form File Number Exhibit Filing Date3.1
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation S-8 333-74905 4.1 3/23/1999 3.2
 
Certificate of Amendment of Amended and RestatedCertificate of Incorporation
 10-Q 
0-23985 
3.1 
8/21/20083.3
 
Certificate of Amendment of Amended and RestatedCertificate of Incorporation
 8-K 
0-23985 
3.1 
5/24/20113.4
 
Bylaws of NVIDIA Corporation, Amended and Restated as ofNovember 29, 2016
 8-K 
0-23985 
3.1 
12/1/20164.1
 Reference is made to Exhibits 3.1, 3.2, 3.3 and 3.4        4.2
 Specimen Stock Certificate S-1/A 333-47495 4.2 4/24/1998 4.3
 
Indenture  (including  the  form  of  Notes)  dated  December  2,2013
 between  NVIDIA  Corporation  and  Wells  Fargo  Bank,National Association
 8-K 
0-23985 
4.1 
12/2/20134.4
 
Form of 1.00% Convertible Senior Note due 2018 (includedin Exhibit 4.3)
 8-K 
0-23985 
4.2 
12/2/20134.5
 
Indenture,  dated  as  of  September  16,  2016,  by  and  betweenthe Company and
 Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, asTrustee
 8-K 
0-23985 
4.1 
9/16/20164.6
 Officers’ Certificate, dated as of September 16, 2016 8-K 0-23985  4.2 9/16/2016 4.7
 
Form of 2021 Note 
8-K 
0-23985 
Annex A to Exhibit4.2
 9/16/20164.8
 
Form of 2026 Note 
8-K 
0-23985 
Annex  B  to  Exhibit4.2
 9/16/201610.1
 
Form of Indemnity Agreement between NVIDIA Corporationand each of its directo
rs and officers 8-K 
0-23985 
10.1 
3/7/200610.2+
 Amended and Restated 2007 Equity Incentive Plan 8-K 0-23985  10.1 5/23/2016 10.3+
 
2007 Equity Incentive Plan - Non-Statutory Stock Option(Annual Grant - Board Service (2011))
 10-Q 
0-23985 
10.41 
5/27/201110.4+
 
2007 Equity Incentive Plan - Non-Statutory Stock Option(Initial Grant - Board Serv
ice (2011)) 8-K 
0-23985 
10.1 
12/14/201110.5+
 
Amended and Restated 2007 Equity Incentive Plan - Non-Employee Director Stock Option Gran
t (2012 Annual BoardRetainer)
 10-Q 
0-23985 
10.4 
5/23/201210.6+
 2007 Equity Incentive Plan - Non Statutory Stock Option 8-K 0-23985  10.2 9/13/2010 10.7+
 2007 Equity Incentive Plan - Incentive Stock Option 8-K 0-23985  10.21 9/13/2010 10.8+
 
Amended and Restated 2007 Equity Incentive Plan - NonStatutory Stock Option
 10-Q 
0-23985 
10.1 
8/22/201210.9+
 
Amended and Restated 2007 Equity Incentive Plan -Incentive Stock Option
 10-Q 
0-23985 
10.2 
8/22/201210.10+
 
2007 Equity Incentive Plan - Restricted Stock Unit GrantNotice and Restricted Stock Unit Pur
chase Agreement 10-Q 
0-23985 
10.22 
12/7/201010.11+
 
Amended and Restated 2007 Equity Incentive Plan -Restricted Stock Unit Grant Notic
e and Restricted Stock UnitPurchase Agreement
 10-Q 
0-23985 
10.3 
8/22/201294
Table of Contents10.12+
 
Amended and Restated 2007 Equity Incentive Plan - Non-Employee Director Restri
cted Stock Unit (without deferraloption)
 10-Q 
0-23985 
10.2 
5/23/201210.13+
 
Amended and Restated 2007 Equity Incentive Plan - Non-Employee Director Restri
cted Stock Unit (with deferral option) 10-Q 
0-23985 
10.3 
5/23/201210.14+
 
Amended and Restated 2007 Equity Incentive Plan - NonStatutory Stock Option (Initia
l Grant - Board Service) 8-K 
0-23985 
10.1 
7/23/201310.15+
 
Amended and Restated 2007 Equity Incentive Plan - Non-Employee Director Defer
red Restricted Stock Unit GrantNotice and Deferred Restri
cted Stock Unit Agreement (2015) 10-K 
0-23985 
10.25 
3/2/201510.16+
 
Amended and Restated 2007 Equity Incentive Plan - Non-Employee Director Defer
red Restricted Stock Unit GrantNotice and Deferred Restri
cted Stock Unit Agreement (2016) 10-K 
0-23985 
10.26 
3/2/201510.17+
 
Amended and Restated 2007 Equity Incentive Plan - Non-Employee Director Restri
cted Stock Unit Grant Notice andRestricted Stock Unit Agreemen
t (2016) 10-K 
0-23985 
10.27 
3/2/201510.18+
 
Amended and Restated 2007 Equity Incentive Plan - Non-Employee Director Restri
cted Stock Unit (Initial Grant - withdeferral options)
 10-Q 
0-23985 
10.1 
5/20/201510.19+
 
Amended and Restated 2007 Equity Incentive Plan - RestrictedStock Unit Grant Notice and Restric
ted Stock Unit Agreement& Performance-Based Restr
icted Stock Unit Grant Notice andPerformance-Based Restri
cted Stock Unit Agreement (2015) 10-Q 
0-23985 
10.2 
5/20/201510.20+
 Amended and Restated 2012 Employee Stock Purchase Plan 8-K 0-23985  10.2 5/23/2016 10.21+
 Fiscal Year 2016 Variable Compensation Plan 8-K 0-23985  10.1 4/10/2015 10.22+
 Fiscal Year 2017 Variable Compensation Plan 8-K 0-23985  10.1 3/14/2016 10.23+
 
Offer Letter between NVIDIA Corporation and Colette Kress,dated September 13, 2013
 8-K 
0-23985 
10.1 
9/16/201310.24+
 
Offer Letter between NVIDIA Corporation and Tim Teter,dated December 16, 2016
 8-K 
0-23985 
10.1 
1/19/201710.25
 
Master Confirmation and Supplemental Confirmation betweenNVIDIA Corporation and Goldman, Sachs & Co., dated May
14, 2013
 10-Q 
0-23985 
10.3 
5/22/201310.26
 Base Convertible Note Hedge Transaction Confirmation 8-K 0-23985  99.1 12/2/2013 10.27
 Base Warrant Transaction Confirmation 8-K 0-23985  99.2 12/2/2013 10.28
 Additional Convertible Note Hedge Transaction Confirmation 8-K 0-23985  99.3 12/2/2013 10.29
 Additional Warrant Transaction Confirmation 8-K 0-23985  99.4 12/2/2013 10.30
 
Termination Agreement, dated as of December 12, 2016, byand between NVIDIA Corporation and Goldman, Sachs & Co.
 8-K 
0-23985 
10.1 
12/13/201610.31^
 
Participation Agreement dated June 19, 2015 among NVIDIALand Development, LLC, Wachovia Servi
ce Corporation,Wells Fargo Bank, National Associat
ion, and a syndicate ofother institutions
 10-Q 
0-23985 
10.1 
8/19/201595
Table of Contents10.32
 
First Amendment to Participation Agreement dated February17, 2016 among NVIDIA Land Development, LLC, Wachovia
Service Corporation, and Wel
ls Fargo Bank, N.A., and asyndicate of other insti
tutions 10-Q 
0-23985 
10.1 
5/25/201610.33
 
Second Amendment to Participation Agreement datedSeptember 9, 2016 among NVIDIA Land Development, LLC,
Wachovia Service Corporat
ion, and Wells Fargo Bank, N.A.,and a syndicate of other ins
titutions 10-Q 
0-23985 
10.1 
11/22/201610.34*
 
Third Amendment to Participation Agreement dated January27, 2017 among NVIDIA Land Development, LLC, Wachovia
Service Corporation, and Wel
ls Fargo Bank, N.A., and asyndicate of other insti
tutions        10.35
 
Agency Agreement dated June 19, 2015 between NVIDIALand Development, LLC and Wachovia Serv
ice Corporation 10-Q 
0-23985 
10.2 
8/19/201510.36
 
Real Property Lease Agreement dated June 19, 2015 betweenWachovia Service Corporat
ion and NVIDIA LandDevelopment, LLC
 10-Q 
0-23985 
10.3 
8/19/201510.37
 
Credit Agreement, dated as of October 7, 2016 by and amongNVIDIA Corporation, Wells Fargo Bank, National
Association, as administra
tive agent, and the lenders partythereto
 8-K 
0-23985 
1.1 
10/13/201621.1*
 List of Registrant's Subsidiaries 23.1*
 Consent of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 24.1*
 Power of Attorney (included in signature page) 31.1*
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer as required by Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 193431.2*
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer as required by Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 193432.1#*
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer as required by Rule 13a-14(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 193432.2#*
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer as required by Rule 13a-14(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934101.INS*
  XBRL Instance Document 101.SCH*
  XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL*
  XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF*
  XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB*
  XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase Document 101.PRE*
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document *  
  Filed herewith.+  Management contrac
t or compensatory plan or arrangement.^ Confidential treatmen
t has been granted with respect to portions of this exhibit.#
  In accordance with Item 601(b)(32)(ii) of Regulation S-K and SEC Release Nos. 33-8238 and 34-47986, Final Rule: Management's Reports on Internal ControlOver
 Financial Reporting and Certification of Disclosure in Exchange Act Periodic Reports, the certifications furnished in Exhibits 32.1 and 32.2 hereto aredeemed
 to accompany this Annual Report on Form 10-K and will not be deemed “filed” for purpose of Section 18 of the Exchange Act. Such certifications willnot
 be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, except to the extent that the registrant specificallyincorporates it by reference.
Copies of above exhibits not conta
ined herein are available to any shareholder upon written request to:Investor Relations: NVIDIA Corporation, 2701 San Tom
as Expressway, Santa Clara, CA 9505096
Table of ContentsSIGNATURES
 
    Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of 
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed onits behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, on 
March 1, 2017  .  
NVIDIA Corporation
By:
/s/  Jen-Hsun Huang  
Jen-Hsun Huang  
President and Chief Executive Of ficer 
POWER OF ATTORNEY
 
KNOW
 ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Jen-Hsun Huangand
 Colette M. Kress, and each or any one of them, his true and lawful attorney-in-fact and agent, with full power of substitution and resubstitution, forhim
 and in his name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign any and all amendments to this report, and to file the same, with all exhibitsthereto,
 and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-facts and agents,and each of
 them, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in connection therewith, asfully
 to all intents and purposes as he might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact and agents, or any ofthem, or their or his substitutes or substitutes, 
may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof.Pursuant to the requirements of the Securiti
es Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of theregistrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.
 
97
Table of ContentsSignature
Title Date /s/ JEN-HSUN HUANG 
President, Chief Executive Officer and Director(Principal Executive Officer)
March 1, 2017 Jen-Hsun Huang
  /s/ COLETTE M. KRESS 
Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer(Principal Financial Officer)
March 1, 2017 Colette M. Kress
  /s/ MICHAEL J. BYRON 
Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer(Principal Accounting Offic
er)March 1, 2017 Michael J. Byron
  /s/ TENCH COXE  
Director March 1, 2017 Tench Coxe 
  /s/ MARK STEVENS 
Director March 1, 2017 Mark Stevens 
  /s/ JAMES C. GAITHER
Director March 1, 2017 James C. Gaither 
  /s/ HARVEY C. JONES 
Director March 1, 2017 Harvey C. Jones
  /s/ MARK L. PERRY 
Director March 1, 2017 Mark L. Perry 
   
Director  William J. Miller
  /s/ A. BROOKE SEAWELL
Director March 1, 2017 A. Brooke Seawell 
  /s/ ROBERT BURGESS
Director March 1, 2017 Robert Burgess
  /s/ DAWN HUDSON
Director March 1, 2017 Dawn Hudson
  /s/ MICHAEL MCCAFFERY
Director March 1, 2017 Michael McCaffery
   
Director  Persis Drell
  98
Table of ContentsEXHIBIT INDEX
 
   Incorporated by Reference    Exhibit No.
 Exhibit Description  Schedule/Form File Number Exhibit Filing Date3.1
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation S-8 333-74905 4.1 3/23/1999 3.2
 
Certificate of Amendment of Amended and RestatedCertificate of Incorporation
 10-Q 
0-23985 
3.1 
8/21/20083.3
 
Certificate of Amendment of Amended and RestatedCertificate of Incorporation
 8-K 
0-23985 
3.1 
5/24/20113.4
 
Bylaws of NVIDIA Corporation, Amended and Restated as ofNovember 29, 2016
 8-K 
0-23985 
3.1 
12/1/20164.1
 Reference is made to Exhibits 3.1, 3.2, 3.3 and 3.4        4.2
 Specimen Stock Certificate S-1/A 333-47495 4.2 4/24/1998 4.3
 
Indenture  (including  the  form  of  Notes)  dated  December  2,2013
 between  NVIDIA  Corporation  and  Wells  Fargo  Bank,National Association
 8-K 
0-23985 
4.1 
12/2/20134.4
 
Form of 1.00% Convertible Senior Note due 2018 (includedin Exhibit 4.3)
 8-K 
0-23985 
4.2 
12/2/20134.5
 
Indenture,  dated  as  of  September  16,  2016,  by  and  betweenthe Company and
 Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, asTrustee
 8-K 
0-23985 
4.1 
9/16/20164.6
 Officers’ Certificate, dated as of September 16, 2016 8-K 0-23985  4.2 9/16/2016 4.7
 
Form of 2021 Note 
8-K 
0-23985 
Annex A to Exhibit4.2
 9/16/20164.8
 
Form of 2026 Note 
8-K 
0-23985 
Annex  B  to  Exhibit4.2
 9/16/201610.1
 
Form of Indemnity Agreement between NVIDIA Corporationand each of its directo
rs and officers 8-K 
0-23985 
10.1 
3/7/200610.2+
 Amended and Restated 2007 Equity Incentive Plan 8-K 0-23985  10.1 5/23/2016 10.3+
 
2007 Equity Incentive Plan - Non-Statutory Stock Option(Annual Grant - Board Service (2011))
 10-Q 
0-23985 
10.41 
5/27/201110.4+
 
2007 Equity Incentive Plan - Non-Statutory Stock Option(Initial Grant - Board Serv
ice (2011)) 8-K 
0-23985 
10.1 
12/14/201110.5+
 
Amended and Restated 2007 Equity Incentive Plan - Non-Employee Director Stock Option Gran
t (2012 Annual BoardRetainer)
 10-Q 
0-23985 
10.4 
5/23/201210.6+
 2007 Equity Incentive Plan - Non Statutory Stock Option 8-K 0-23985  10.2 9/13/2010 10.7+
 2007 Equity Incentive Plan - Incentive Stock Option 8-K 0-23985  10.21 9/13/2010 10.8+
 
Amended and Restated 2007 Equity Incentive Plan - NonStatutory Stock Option
 10-Q 
0-23985 
10.1 
8/22/201210.9+
 
Amended and Restated 2007 Equity Incentive Plan -Incentive Stock Option
 10-Q 
0-23985 
10.2 
8/22/201210.10+
 
2007 Equity Incentive Plan - Restricted Stock Unit GrantNotice and Restricted Stock Unit Pur
chase Agreement 10-Q 
0-23985 
10.22 
12/7/201099
Table of Contents10.11+
 
Amended and Restated 2007 Equity Incentive Plan - RestrictedStock Unit Grant Notice and Restric
ted Stock Unit PurchaseAgreement
 10-Q 
0-23985 
10.3 
8/22/201210.12+
 
Amended and Restated 2007 Equity Incentive Plan - Non-Employee Director Restri
cted Stock Unit (without deferraloption)
 10-Q 
0-23985 
10.2 
5/23/201210.13+
 
Amended and Restated 2007 Equity Incentive Plan - Non-Employee Director Restri
cted Stock Unit (with deferral option) 10-Q 
0-23985 
10.3 
5/23/201210.14+
 
Amended and Restated 2007 Equity Incentive Plan - NonStatutory Stock Option (Initia
l Grant - Board Service) 8-K 
0-23985 
10.1 
7/23/201310.15+
 
Amended and Restated 2007 Equity Incentive Plan - Non-Employee Director Defer
red Restricted Stock Unit GrantNotice and Deferred Restri
cted Stock Unit Agreement (2015) 10-K 
0-23985 
10.25 
3/2/201510.16+
 
Amended and Restated 2007 Equity Incentive Plan - Non-Employee Director Defer
red Restricted Stock Unit GrantNotice and Deferred Restri
cted Stock Unit Agreement (2016) 10-K 
0-23985 
10.26 
3/2/201510.17+
 
Amended and Restated 2007 Equity Incentive Plan - Non-Employee Director Restri
cted Stock Unit Grant Notice andRestricted Stock Unit Agreemen
t (2016) 10-K 
0-23985 
10.27 
3/2/201510.18+
 
Amended and Restated 2007 Equity Incentive Plan - Non-Employee Director Restri
cted Stock Unit (Initial Grant - withdeferral options)
 10-Q 
0-23985 
10.1 
5/20/201510.19+
 
Amended and Restated 2007 Equity Incentive Plan - RestrictedStock Unit Grant Notice and Restric
ted Stock Unit Agreement& Performance-Based Restr
icted Stock Unit Grant Notice andPerformance-Based Restri
cted Stock Unit Agreement (2015) 10-Q 
0-23985 
10.2 
5/20/201510.20+
 Amended and Restated 2012 Employee Stock Purchase Plan 8-K 0-23985  10.2 5/23/2016 10.21+
 Fiscal Year 2016 Variable Compensation Plan 8-K 0-23985  10.1 4/10/2015 10.22+
 Fiscal Year 2017 Variable Compensation Plan 8-K 0-23985  10.1 3/14/2016 10.23+
 
Offer Letter between NVIDIA Corporation and Colette Kress,dated September 13, 2013
 8-K 
0-23985 
10.1 
9/16/201310.24+
 
Offer Letter between NVIDIA Corporation and Tim Teter,dated December 16, 2016
 8-K 
0-23985 
10.1 
1/19/201710.25
 
Master Confirmation and Supplemental Confirmation betweenNVIDIA Corporation and Goldman, Sachs & Co., dated May
14, 2013
 10-Q 
0-23985 
10.3 
5/22/201310.26
 Base Convertible Note Hedge Transaction Confirmation 8-K 0-23985  99.1 12/2/2013 10.27
 Base Warrant Transaction Confirmation 8-K 0-23985  99.2 12/2/2013 10.28
 Additional Convertible Note Hedge Transaction Confirmation 8-K 0-23985  99.3 12/2/2013 10.29
 Additional Warrant Transaction Confirmation 8-K 0-23985  99.4 12/2/2013 10.30
 
Termination Agreement, dated as of December 12, 2016, byand between NVIDIA Corporation and Goldman, Sachs & Co.
 8-K 
0-23985 
10.1 
12/13/2016100
Table of Contents10.31^
 
Participation Agreement dated June 19, 2015 among NVIDIALand Development, LLC, Wachovia Servi
ce Corporation,Wells Fargo Bank, National Associat
ion, and a syndicate ofother institutions
 10-Q 
0-23985 
10.1 
8/19/201510.32
 
First Amendment to Participation Agreement dated February17, 2016 among NVIDIA Land Development, LLC, Wachovia
Service Corporation, and Wel
ls Fargo Bank, N.A., and asyndicate of other insti
tutions 10-Q 
0-23985 
10.1 
5/25/201610.33
 
Second Amendment to Participation Agreement datedSeptember 9, 2016 among NVIDIA Land Development, LLC,
Wachovia Service Corporat
ion, and Wells Fargo Bank, N.A.,and a syndicate of other ins
titutions 10-Q 
0-23985 
10.1 
11/22/201610.34*
 
Third Amendment to Participation Agreement dated January27, 2017 among NVIDIA Land Development, LLC, Wachovia
Service Corporation, and Wel
ls Fargo Bank, N.A., and asyndicate of other insti
tutions        10.35
 
Agency Agreement dated June 19, 2015 between NVIDIALand Development, LLC and Wachovia Serv
ice Corporation 10-Q 
0-23985 
10.2 
8/19/201510.36
 
Real Property Lease Agreement dated June 19, 2015 betweenWachovia Service Corporat
ion and NVIDIA LandDevelopment, LLC
 10-Q 
0-23985 
10.3 
8/19/201510.37
 
Credit Agreement, dated as of October 7, 2016 by and amongNVIDIA Corporation, Wells Fargo Bank, National
Association, as administra
tive agent, and the lenders partythereto
 8-K 
0-23985 
1.1 
10/13/201621.1*
 List of Registrant's Subsidiaries 23.1*
 Consent of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 24.1*
 Power of Attorney (included in signature page) 31.1*
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer as required by Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 193431.2*
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer as required by Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 193432.1#*
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer as required by Rule 13a-14(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 193432.2#*
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer as required by Rule 13a-14(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934101.INS*
  XBRL Instance Document 101.SCH*
  XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL*
  XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF*
  XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB*
  XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase Document 101.PRE*
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document *  Filed herewith.
+  Management contrac
t or compensatory plan or arrangement.^ Confidential treatmen
t has been granted with respect to portions of this exhibit.#
  In accordance with Item 601(b)(32)(ii) of Regulation S-K and SEC Release Nos. 33-8238 and 34-47986, Final Rule: Management's Reports on Internal ControlOver
 Financial Reporting and Certification of Disclosure in Exchange Act Periodic Reports, the certifications furnished in Exhibits 32.1 and 32.2 hereto aredeemed
 to accompany this Annual Report on Form 10-K and will not be deemed “filed” for purpose of Section 18 of the Exchange Act. Such certifications willnot
 be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, except to the extent that the registrant specificallyincorporates it by reference.
101
Table of ContentsCopies of above exhibits not conta
ined herein are available to any shareholder upon written request to:Investor Relations: NVIDIA Corporation, 2701 San Tom
as Expressway, Santa Clara, CA 95050102
EXHIBIT 10.34THIRD AMENDMENT TO PARTICIPATION AGREEMENT
THIS
 THIRD AMENDMENT TO PARTICIPATION AGREEMENT (this “ Amendment ”)  dated as of January 27, 2017 is by andamong
 NVIDIA  LAND  DEVELOPMENT,  LLC,  a  Delaware  limited  liability  company  (the  “ Lessee ”),  the  Guarantors  party  hereto,WACHOVIA
 SERVICE CORPORATION, a Delaware corporation (the “ Lessor ”),  the Credit Lenders party hereto, the Mortgage Lendersparty
 hereto and WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, a national banking association, as the agent for the Credit Lendersand the Mortgage Lenders and, respecting the Security Documents, as agent for the Secured Parties (in such capacity, the “ 
Agent ”). W I T N E S S E T H
WHEREAS,
 the  Lessee,  the  Guarantors  party  thereto,  the  Lessor,  the  Credit  Lenders  party  thereto,  the  Mortgage  Lenders  partythereto
 and  the  Agent  are  party  to  that  certain  Participation  Agreement  dated  as  of  June  19,  2015  (as  amended  by  that  certain  FirstAmendment
 to Participation Agreement dated as of February 17, 2016, and as further amended by the Second Amendment to ParticipationAgreement dated as of September 9, 2016, the “ 
Participation Agreement ”); WHEREAS,
 the Lessee has requested that the Majority Lenders and the Lessor approve certain amendments and modifications to theParticipation Agreement; and
WHEREAS,
 the Majority Lenders and the Lessor have approved the amendments and modifications to the Participation Agreementrequested by the Lessee on the terms and conditions set forth herein.
NOW,
 THEREFORE, IN CONSIDERATION of the premises and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiencyof which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto agree as follows:
1. 
Defined  Terms .  Capitalized terms used herein but not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings provided to suchterms in 
Appendix A to the Participation Agreement. 2. 
     Amendments to the Participation Agreement . Subject to the satisfaction of the condition set forth in Section 3 and the proviso to this
 sentence, the Participation Agreement, the Exhibits thereto, the Schedules thereto and Appendix  A thereto  are hereby amended in theirentirety and replaced by 
Exhibit A hereto. 3. 
     Condition Precedent . The effectiveness of this Amendment shall be subject to satisfaction of the following condition: (a) 
     Executed Documents .  Receipt by the Agent of counterparts of this Amendment duly executed by the Lessee, eachGuarantor, the Lessor, the Majority Lenders and the Agent.
4. 
     Amendment is an “Operative Agreement” .  This Amendment is an Operative Agreement and all references to an “OperativeAgreement”
 in  the  Participation  Agreement  and  the  other  Operative  Agreements  (including,  without  limitation,  all  such  references  in  therepresentations
 and warranties in the Participation Agreement (as amended hereby) and the other Operative Agreements) shall be deemed toinclude this Amendment.
5.      Reaffirmation of Representations and Warranties .  Each Credit Party represents and warrants as of the effective date of thisAmendment that
 (i) each of the representations and warranties set forth in the Operative Agreements as amended by this Amendment are trueand
 correct in all material respects, except for any representation or warranty that is qualified by materiality or which references MaterialAdverse Effect,
 which such representation or warranty shall be true and correct in all respects (except for any such representation or warrantythat by
 its terms is made only as of an earlier date, which representation or warranty shall remain true and correct in all material respects as ofsuch earlier date, except for
 any representation or warranty that is qualified by materiality or which references Material Adverse Effect, whichsuch representation
 or warranty shall be true and correct in all respects as of such earlier date) and (ii) both before and immediately followingthe consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby, no Lease Default or Lease Event of Default has occurred and is continuing.
6. 
     Reaffirmation of Obligations .  Each  Credit  Party  (a)  acknowledges  and  consents  to  all  of  the  terms  and  conditions  of  thisAmendment,
 (b) affirms all of its obligations, including, but not limited to, all guaranty obligations, under the Operative Agreements and(c)
 agrees that this Amendment and all documents executed in connection herewith do not operate to reduce or discharge such Credit Party’sobligations under the Operative Agreements.
7. 
     Reaffirmation of Security Interests .  Each Credit Party (a) affirms that each of the Liens granted in or pursuant to the OperativeAgreements
 are valid and subsisting and (b) agrees that this Amendment shall in no manner impair or otherwise adversely affect any of theLiens granted in or pursuant to the Operative Agreements.
8. 
     No Other Changes .  Except as modified hereby, all of the terms and provisions of the Operative Agreements shall remain in fullforce and effect. The execution,
 delivery and performance of this Amendment shall not constitute a waiver of any provision of, or operate as awaiver of any right, power or remedy of any Financing Party under any of the Operative Agreements.
9. 
     Counterparts; Delivery . This  Amendment may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which when so executed anddelivered
 shall be an original, but all of which shall constitute one and the same instrument. It shall not be necessary in making proof of thisAmendment to
 produce or account for more than one such counterpart for each of the parties hereto. Delivery by facsimile or other electronicimaging
 means  by  any  of  the  parties  hereto  of  an  executed  counterpart  of  this  Amendment  shall  be  as  effective  as  an  original  executedcounterpart hereof and shall be deemed a representation that an original executed counterpart hereof will be delivered.
10. 
     Governing Law .  This Amendment and the rights and obligations of the parties hereunder shall be governed by and construed,interpreted
 and enforced in accordance with the laws of the state of New York except to the extent that local law is properly applicable formatters of real property.
[Signature Pages Follow]
2
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each of the parties hereto has caused a counterpart of this Third Amendment to Participation Agreementto be duly executed and delivered as of the date first above written.
LESSEE 
: NVIDIA LAND DEVELOPMENT, LLC By: 
/s/ Karen Burns                Name: 
    Karen Burns                Title: 
    Manager, President & CEO        (signature pages continue)
THIRD AMENDMENT TO PARTICIPATION 
AGREEMENTNVIDIA LAND DEVELOPMENT, 
LLCGUARANTORS :                NVIDIA CORPORATION, as a Guarantor
By: 
/s/ Karen Burns                Name: 
    Karen Burns                Title: 
    Vice President, Finance        NVIDIA INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS INC.,
as a Guarantor
By: 
/s/ Karen Burns                Name: 
    Karen Burns                Title: 
    President, CEO & Secretary        NVIDIA LEASE HOLDINGS LLC,
as a Guarantor
By: 
/s/ Karen Burns                Name: 
    Karen Burns                Title: 
    Manager                (signature pages continue)
THIRD AMENDMENT TO PARTICIPATION 
AGREEMENTNVIDIA LAND DEVELOPMENT, 
LLCLESSOR :                    WACHOVIA SERVICE CORPORATION, as the Lessor
By: 
/s/ Weston Garrett            Name: 
    Weston Garrett            Title: 
Managing Director            (signature pages continue)
THIRD AMENDMENT TO PARTICIPATION 
AGREEMENTNVIDIA LAND DEVELOPMENT, 
LLCTHE AGENT :                    WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,
as the Agent
By: 
/s/ Marisa Phan                Name: 
    Marisa Phan                Title: 
SVP & Senior Relationship Manager    (signature pages continue)
THIRD AMENDMENT TO PARTICIPATION 
AGREEMENTNVIDIA LAND DEVELOPMENT, 
LLCMORTGAGE LENDERS : WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as a Mortgage Lender
By: 
/s/ Marisa Phan                Name: 
    Marisa Phan                Title: 
SVP & Senior Relationship Manager    (signature pages continue)
THIRD AMENDMENT TO PARTICIPATION 
AGREEMENTNVIDIA LAND DEVELOPMENT, 
LLCSMBC LEASING AND FINANCE, INC.,as a Mortgage Lender
By: 
/s/ David A. Ward            Name: 
    David A. Ward            Title: 
President                (signature pages continue)
THIRD AMENDMENT TO PARTICIPATION 
AGREEMENTNVIDIA LAND DEVELOPMENT, 
LLCU.S. BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,as a Mortgage Lender
By: 
/s/ Richard J Ameny Jr.            Name: 
    Richard J Ameny Jr.            Title: 
Vice President                (signature pages continue)
THIRD AMENDMENT TO PARTICIPATION 
AGREEMENTNVIDIA LAND DEVELOPMENT, 
LLCHSBC BANK USA, N.A.,as a Mortgage Lender
By: 
    /s/ Mark Gibbs                Name: 
    Mark Gibbs                Title: 
    Senior Vice President            (signature pages continue)
THIRD AMENDMENT TO PARTICIPATION 
AGREEMENTNVIDIA LAND DEVELOPMENT, 
LLCCREDIT LENDERS : WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as a Credit Lender
By: 
/s/ Marisa Phan                Name: 
    Marisa Phan                Title: 
SVP & Senior Relationship Manager    (signature pages continue)
THIRD AMENDMENT TO PARTICIPATION 
AGREEMENTNVIDIA LAND DEVELOPMENT, 
LLCSUNTRUST BANK, as a Credit LenderBy: 
/s/ Min Park                Name: 
    Min Park                Title: 
Vice President                (signature pages continue)
THIRD AMENDMENT TO PARTICIPATION 
AGREEMENTNVIDIA LAND DEVELOPMENT, 
LLCU.S. BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,as a Credit Lender
By: 
/s/ Richard J Ameny Jr.            Name: 
    Richard J Ameny Jr.            Title: 
Vice President                (signature pages continue)
THIRD AMENDMENT TO PARTICIPATION 
AGREEMENTNVIDIA LAND DEVELOPMENT, 
LLCGOLDMAN SACHS BANK USA,as a Credit Lender
By: 
    /s/ Eddie Arhagba            Name: 
    Eddie Arhagba                Title: 
    Authorized Signatory            (signature pages continue)
THIRD AMENDMENT TO PARTICIPATION 
AGREEMENTNVIDIA LAND DEVELOPMENT, 
LLCMORGAN STANLEY SENIOR FUNDING, INC.,as a Credit Lender
By: 
/s/ Gilroy D’Souza            Name: 
    Gilroy D’Souza            Title: 
Vice President                (signature pages continue)
THIRD AMENDMENT TO PARTICIPATION 
AGREEMENTNVIDIA LAND DEVELOPMENT, 
LLCSUMITOMO MITSUI BANKING CORPORATION,as a Credit Lender
By: 
    /s/ David W. Kee            Name: 
    David W. Kee                Title: 
    Managing Director            (signature pages continue)
THIRD AMENDMENT TO PARTICIPATION 
AGREEMENTNVIDIA LAND DEVELOPMENT, 
LLCHSBC BANK USA, N.A.,as a Credit Lender
By: 
    /s/ Mark Gibbs                Name: 
    Mark Gibbs                Title: 
    Senior Vice President            (signature pages continue)
THIRD AMENDMENT TO PARTICIPATION 
AGREEMENTNVIDIA LAND DEVELOPMENT, 
LLCTHE BANK OF TOKYO-MITSUBISHI UFJ, LTD.,as a Credit Lender
By: 
    /s/ Lillian Kim                Name: 
    Lillian Kim                Title: 
    Director                (signature pages end)
THIRD AMENDMENT TO PARTICIPATION 
AGREEMENTNVIDIA LAND DEVELOPMENT, 
LLCEXHIBIT A(See the Attached)
EXHIBIT APARTICIPATION AGREEMENT
Dated as of June 19, 2015
among
NVIDIA LAND DEVELOPMENT, LLC, 
as the Construction Agent and the Lessee,
THE VARIOUS ENTITIES WHICH ARE PARTI
ES HERETO FROM TIME TO TIME, as the Guarantor,
WACHOVIA SERVICE CORPORATION, 
as the Lessor,
THE VARIOUS BANKS AND OTHER LENDING INSTITUTIONS 
WHICH ARE PARTIES HERETO FROM TIME TO 
TIME, as the Credit Lenders,
THE VARIOUS BANKS AND OTHER LENDING INSTITUTIONS 
WHICH ARE PARTIES HERETO FROM TIME TO 
TIME,as the Mortgage Lenders,
WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, 
as the Agent,
and
SUNTRUST BANK,
U.S. BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION
and
SUMITOMO MITSUI BANKING CORPORATION,
as Co-Syndication Agents
WELLS FARGO SECURITIES, LLC,
as Sole Lead Arranger and Sole Bookrunner
EXHIBIT ATABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Page Section 1.
 THE FINANCING 1 Section 2.
 [reserved]. 2 Section 3.
 SUMMARY OF TRANSACTIONS. 2 3.1
Operative Agreements. 2 3.2
Property Purchase. 2 3.3
Construction of Improvements; Commencement of Basic Rent. 2 Section 4.
 THE CLOSINGS. 3 4.1
Closing Date. 3 4.2
Closing Date; Acquisition Advance; Construction Advances. 3 Section 5.
FUNDING OF ADVANCES; CONDITIONS PRECEDENT; REPO RTING REQUIREMENTS ONCOMPLETION DATE; THE LESSEE’S DE
LIVERY OF NOTICES; RESTRICTIONS ONLIENS; OTHER PROVISIONS.
45.1
General. 4 5.2
Procedures for Funding. 4 5.3
Conditions Precedent for the Lessor, the Agent, the Mortgage Lenders and the Credit Lenders Relating to the Closing Date and the Advance of Funds for the Acquisition of a Property.
75.4
Conditions Precedent for the Lessor, the Agent, the Mortgage Lenders and the Credit Lenders Relating to the Advance of Funds after the Acquisition Advance.
115.4A
Conditions Precedent to Payment or Incurrence of Property Cost. 12 5.5
Additional Reporting and Delivery Requirements on Completion Date. 13 5.6
Restrictions on Liens. 14 5.7
Payments. 14 5.8
Unilateral Right to Increase the Lessor Commitment, the Mortgage Loan Commitments and the Credit Loan Commitments.
155.9
Maintenance of the Lessee as a Wholly-Owned Entity. 15 5.1
Rent Under the Ground Lease as Property Cost. 15 5.1
Lessor Basic Rent Adjustment. 15 5.1
Limitation on Requested Advances regarding Available Credit Loan Commitments, Available Mortgage Loan Commitments and Available Lessor Commitment.
165.1
Limitation on Purchase Option under the Lease. 16 5.1
Equity Cure Rights, Etc. 16 5.2
[Reserved]. 17 5.2
Special Provision Regarding the Funding of Uninsured Force Majeure Losses. 17 5.2
Construction Servicer and Inspection Consultant. 17 5.2
Extension of Target Construction Period Termination Date. 20 5.2Reassignment of Construction Contracts 20 5.2
Notices from the Construction Agent/the Lessee 21 5.2
Ratable Reduction of Commitments 21 5.2
Final Advance for Punch List Items 21 SECTION 5A.
 LESSOR ADVANCE 22 5A.1
Procedure for Lessor Advance 22 5A.2
Lessor Yield 22 5A.3
Scheduled Return of Lessor Advance 22 5A.4
Early Return of Lessor Advance 23 5A.5
Computation of Lessor Yield 24 Section 6.
 REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 24 6.1
Representations and Warranties of Each Credit Party 24 6.1A
Additional Representations and Warranties of Each Credit Party 27 6.2
Representations and Warranties of the Lessor 32 SECTION 6B.
 GUARANTY 34 6B.1
Guaranty of Payment and Performance 34 6B.2
Obligations Unconditional 34 6B.3
Modifications 35 6B.4
Waiver of Rights 36 6B.5
Reinstatement 36 6B.6
Remedies 37 6B.7
Limitation of Guaranty 37 6B.8
Payment of Amounts to the Agent 37 6B.9
Joinder of Guarantors 38 6B.10
Additional Waivers and Provisions 38 6B.11
Keepwell 39 6B.12
Representations; Separateness 39 SECTION 7.
PAYMENT OF CERTAIN EXPENSES 39 7.1
Transaction Expenses 39 7.2
Fee Calculation 40 7.3
Certain Fees and Expenses 40 7.4
Unused Fee 41 7.5
Upfront Fee 42 7.6
Administrative Agency Fee 42 7.7
Structuring Fee 42 Section 8.
 OTHER COVENANTS AND AGREEMENTS 42 8.1
Cooperation with the Lessee 42 8.2
Covenants of the Lessor 42 8.3
Credit Party Covenants, Consent and Acknowledgment 43 8.3A
Additional Credit Party Affirmative Covenants 46 8.3BAdditional Credit Party Negative Covenants. 51 8.4
Sharing of Certain Payments. 55 8.5
Grant of Easements, Agreement regarding Restrictive Covenants, etc. 55 8.6
Appointment of the Agent by the Lessor; Acknowledgement by the Secured Parties. 55 8.7
Collection and Allocation of Payments and Other Amounts. 56 8.8
Release of Property, etc. 61 8.9
Secured Hedge Agreements. 61 Section 9.
CREDIT LOAN AGREEMENT, MORTGAGE LOAN AG REEMENT AND RIGHTS UNDERSECTION 5A OF THIS AGREEMENT.
629.1
The Construction Agent’s and the Lessee’s Credit Loan Agreement Rights. 62 9.2
The Construction Agent’s and the Lessee’s Mortgage Loan Agreement Rights. 63 9.3
The Construction Agent’s and the Lessee’s Rights under Section 5A of this Agreement. 63 Section 10.
 TRANSFER OF INTEREST. 64 10.1
Restrictions on Transfer. 64 10.2
Effect of Transfer. 64 10.3
Successor Agent. 65 Section 11.
 INDEMNIFICATION. 65 11.1
General Indemnity. 65 11.2
General Tax Indemnity. 69 11.3
Yield Protection Amount. 75 11.4
Funding/Contribution Indemnity. 76 11.5
EXPRESS INDEMNIFICATION FOR ORDINARY NEGLIGENC E, STRICT LIABILITY, ETC.77 11.6
Limitations on Indemnification Obligations. 78 11.7
Increase of Mortgage Loans, Credit Loans and Lessor Advances. 79 11.8
Survival 80 Section 12.
 MISCELLANEOUS. 80 12.1
Survival of Agreements. 80 12.2
Notices. 80 12.3
Counterparts. 83 12.4
Terminations, Amendments, Waivers, Etc.; Unanimous Vote Matters. 83 12.5
Headings, etc. 85 12.6
Parties in Interest. 85 12.7
GOVERNING LAW; SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION; WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL; VENU E.86 12.8
Severability. 87 12.9
Liability Limited. 87 12.1
Rights of the Credit Parties. 88 12.1Further Assurances. 88 12.1
Calculations under Operative Agreements. 88 12.1
Confidentiality. 89 12.1
Financial Reporting/Tax Characterization. 90 12.2
Set-off. 90 12.2
Limited Obligation of the Lessee to Pay on behalf of the Lessor. 91 12.2
USA Patriot Act Notice. 91 12.2
Acknowledgement and Consent to Bail ‑ In of EEA Financial Institutions.92 APPENDICESAppendix A 
‑  Rules of Usage and DefinitionsEXHIBITSA    Form of Requisition 
‑  Section 4.2B    Form of Officer’s Certificate 
‑  Section 5.3(u)C    Form of Secretary’s Certificate 
‑  Section 5.3(w)D    Form of Outside Counsel Opinion for the Lessor – Section 5.3(x)
E    Form of Officer’s Certificate (Completion) – Section 5.5
F
Form of Construction Agent Certificate – Section 5.17(b)(i)(A) G    Form of Guarantor Joinder and Assumption Agreement – Section 6B.9
H
Form of Compliance Certificate - Appendix A definition of “Compliance Certificate” SCHEDULESSchedule I    Lessor Commitment
Schedule 6.1A(b)    Subsidiaries
Schedule 8.3B(a)(i)    Existing Indebtedness
PARTICIPATION AGREEMENTTHIS
 PARTICIPATION AGREEMENT dated as of June 19, 2015 (as amended, modified, extended, supplemented, restatedand/or
 replaced  from  time  to  time,  this  “ Agreement ”)  is  by  and  among  NVIDIA  LAND  DEVELOPMENT,  LLC,  a  Delawarelimited
 liability company (the “ Construction  Agent ”  or “ Lessee ”);  the various entities which are parties hereto from time to timeas
 guarantors  (individually,  a  “ Guarantor ”  and  collectively,  the  “ Guarantors ”);  WACHOVIA  SERVICE  CORPORATION,  aDelaware
 corporation (the “ Lessor ”);  the various banks and other lending institutions which are parties hereto from time to time ascredit
 lenders  (individually,  a  “ Credit  Lender ”  and  collectively,  the  “ Credit  Lenders ”);  the  various  banks  and  other  lendinginstitutions which
 are parties hereto from time to time as mortgage lenders (individually, a “ Mortgage Lender ” and collectively, the “ 
Mortgage Lenders ”); and WELLS  FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, a national banking association, as the agent forthe
 Credit  Lenders  and  the  Mortgage  Lenders  and,  respecting  the  Security  Documents,  as  agent  for  the  Secured  Parties  (in  suchcapacity,
 the “ Agent ”).  Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined in this Agreement shall have the meanings set forth inAppendix A 
hereto. WITNESSETH 
: A.
    WHEREAS,  subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, the Agency Agreement and the other OperativeAgreements
 (as defined herein), Lessor desires to (i) ground lease the Land, including the existing Improvements thereon, from theConstruction
 Agent,  and  (ii)  fund  the  acquisition,  installation,  testing,  use,  development,  construction,  operation,  maintenance,repair, refurbishment and restoration of the Property by the Construction Agent; and
B.
    WHEREAS, Lessor desires to lease to Lessee, and Lessee desires to lease from Lessor, the Property pursuant to thisAgreement, the Lease and the other Operative Agreements;
NOW, THEREFORE, in
 consideration of the mutual agreements herein contained and other good and valuable consideration,the receipt of which is hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
Section 1. 
THE FINANCING.
Subject
 to  the  terms  and  conditions  of  this  Agreement  and  the  other  Operative  Agreements  and  in  reliance  on  therepresentations
 and warranties of each of the parties hereto contained herein or made pursuant hereto, (i) the Credit Lenders haveagreed
 to make Credit Loans to the Lessor from time to time in an aggregate principal amount of up to the aggregate amount of theCredit
 Loan Commitments, (ii) the Mortgage Lenders have agreed to make Mortgage Loans to the Lessor from time to time in anaggregate
 principal amount of up to the aggregate amount of the Mortgage Loan Commitments and (iii) the Lessor has agreed tomake
 Lessor Advances from time to time in an aggregate principal amount of up to the Lessor Commitment, respectively, to permitthe
 Lessor to lease and develop the Property. In consideration of the receipt of the proceeds of the Loans, the Lessor will issue theNotes. The Loans shall be made and the Notes shall be issued pursuant to the
applicable Loan Agreements. The Lessor Advances shall be made pursuant to this Agreement. The obligations of the Lessor to theLenders under the applicable Operative Agreements (including the Loans) shall be secured by the Collateral.
Section 2. 
[reserved].
Section 3. 
SUMMARY OF TRANSACTIONS.
3.1
Operative Agreements . On
 the date hereof, each of the respective parties hereto and thereto shall execute and deliver this Agreement, the AgencyAgreement,
 the Lease, each applicable  Ground Lease, the Mortgage  Loan Agreement,  the Credit  Loan Agreement,  the MortgageNotes,
 the  Credit  Notes,  the  Security  Agreement, each  applicable  Mortgage  Instrument and  such  other  documents,  instruments,certificates and opinions of counsel as agreed to by the parties hereto.
3.2
Property Purchase . On
 the  Closing  Date  and  subject  to  the  terms  and  conditions  of  this  Agreement  (a)(i)  the  Lenders  will  make  Loans  inaccordance
 with Sections 1 and 5 of this Agreement and the terms and provisions of the applicable Loan Agreement and (ii) theLessor will
 make Lessor Advances in accordance with Sections 1 and 5 of this Agreement, (b) the Lessor will ground lease the Landand
 all existing Improvements thereon pursuant to the Ground Lease and grant the Agent a lien on the Property by execution of therequired Security
 Documents, (c) the Agent, the Lessee and the Lessor shall execute and deliver a memorandum regarding the Leaseand (d) the Term shall commence with respect to the Property.
3.3
Construction of Improvements; Commencement of Basic Rent . Construction
 Advances will be made with respect to the Improvements to be constructed and with respect to ongoing Workregarding the Equipment and constr
uction of the Improvements, in each case, pursuant to the terms and conditions of this Agreementand
 the Agency Agreement. The Construction Agent will act as a construction agent on behalf of the Lessor respecting the Workregarding
 the Equipment, the construction of the Improvements and the expenditures of the Construction Advances related to theforegoing. During
 the Construction Period, the Construction Agent shall have sole management and control over, and shall be solelyresponsible
 for, the construction, means, methods, sequences and procedures with respect to the Property. The Construction Agentshall
 promptly notify the Lessor upon Completion of the Improvements and the Lessee shall commence to pay Basic Rent as of theRent Commencement Date.
Section 4. 
THE CLOSINGS.
4.1
Closing Date . 2
All documents and instruments required to be delivered on the Closing Date shall be delivered at the offices of Moore & VanAllen, PLLC, Charlotte, North Carolina, or at such other location as may be determined by the Lessor, the Agent and the Lessee.
4.2
Closing Date; Acquisition Advance; Construction Advances . The
 Construction  Agent  shall  deliver  to  the  Agent  a  requisition  (a  “ Requisition ”),  in  the  form  attached  hereto  asEXHIBIT A 
or in such other form as is satisfactory to the  Agent, in its commercially reasonable discretion, (a) no later than a time asreasonably agreed with the Agent regarding the
 Closing Date Advance, (b) 3:00pm (Charlotte, North Carolina time) at least three (3)Business
 Days  prior  to  the  proposed  Borrowing  Date  and  the  date  of  any  proposed  Lessor  Advance  in  connection  with  theAcquisition
 Advance pursuant to Section 5.3 (except with respect to the Acquisition Advance made as of the Closing Date, as suchshall
 be subject to the consent of the Financing Parties, in their commercially reasonable discretion, in which case such Requisitionshall
 be delivered as of the Closing Date) and (c) at least seven (7) days prior to the proposed Borrowing Date and the proposedLessor
 Advance,  in  each  case  in  connection  with  each  Construction  Advance  pursuant  to  Section  5.4,  including  the  PunchlistAdvance
 pursuant to Section 5.22. Each Requisition shall (x) specify the desired amount of such Borrowing and Lessor Advancewhich
 in the aggregate must be in a minimum amount of $500,000 and (y) specify the date of such Borrowing and Lessor Advance.Delivery
 of a Requisition shall be deemed to be a certification by the Lessee that all applicable conditions precedent (except thoserelating
 to performance by the Financing Parties) under Sections 5.3 and/or 5.4 of this Agreement shall have been satisfied by thedate
 of the particular Advance, unless waived by the Agent. No Requisition shall be required for the funding by the Lessor and theLenders
 of an Advance to pay Transaction Expenses or for the increase of Loan amounts or Lessor Advances described in Section5.1(b).
 As  a  clarification  of  the  foregoing  and  not  in  limitation  thereof,  the  Construction  Agent  shall  be  permitted  to  submitRequisition
s (and the Lessor and the Lenders shall fund Advances therefor, subject to the terms of the Operative Agreements) duringthe
 Construction  Period  for  Property  Costs,  including  with  regard  to  (u)  the  costs  and  expenses  required  for  construction  of  theImprovements
 in accordance with the Construction Documents, (v) certain amounts of Supplemental Rent (including, regarding theProperty,
 for Taxes, utilities, insurance premiums, Casualty occurrences and Condemnation occurrences), (w) capitalized interest onthe
 Loans,  (x)  capitalized  Lessor  Yield  on  the  Lessor  Advances,  (y)  rent  payable  pursuant  to  the  Ground  Lease  and  (z)  theTransaction Expenses.
Section 5. 
FUNDING OF ADVANCES; CONDITIONS PRECEDENT; 
REPORTING REQUIREMENTS ON COMPLETION DATE; THE 
LESSEE’S DELIVERY OF NOTICES;RESTRICTIONS ON LIENS; OTHER PROVISIONS.
5.1
General . (a) 
     To the extent funds have been advanced to the Lessor pursuant to this Section 5, the Lessor will use such fundsfrom
 time to time in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the other Operative Agreements (i) atthe direction of
 the Construction Agent to ground lease the Land in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, the AgencyAgreement and the other Operative Agreements, (ii) at the direction
3
of  the  Construction  Agent  to  make  Advances  to  the  Construction  Agent  to  permit  the  acquisition,  testing,  engineering,installation,
 development, construction, modification, design, and renovation, as applicable, of the Property (or componentsthereof)
 in accordance with the terms of the Agency Agreement and the other Operative Agreements (including constructionof
 the Improvements and acquisition and installation of the Equipment), (iii) to pay Transaction Expenses and (iv) otherwisepursuant to the terms of the Operative Agreements.
(b) 
     On each Scheduled Payment Date during the period prior to the Rent Commencement Date, and as long as noLease
 Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing (i) the Credit Lenders’ Credit Loans shall automatically beincreased
 by the amount of interest accrued and unpaid on such Credit Loans for such period, and the Credit Loan PropertyCost
 shall be automatically increased by such amount, (ii) the Mortgage Lenders’ Mortgage Loans shall automatically beincreased
 by the amount of interest accrued and unpaid on such Mortgage Loans for such period, and the Mortgage LoanProperty
 Cost shall be automatically increased by such amount, and (iii) the principal amount of the Lessor Advance shallautomatically
 be increased by the amount of Lessor Yield accrued and unpaid on such Lessor Advance for such period, andthe Lessor Property Cost shall be automatically increased by such amount.
5.2
Procedures for Funding . (a) 
     The  Construction  Agent  shall designate  the  date  for  Advances  hereunder  in accordance  with  the  terms  andprovisions
 hereof; provided , however ,  it  is  understood  and  agreed  that  no  more  than  one  (1)  Advance  (excluding  anyconversion
 and/or continuation of any Loans or Lessor Advances) may be requested during any calendar month and that nosuch
 designation shall be required for the funding of Transaction Expenses or for the increase of Loan amounts or LessorAdvances
 described  in  Section  5.1(b); provided , further ,  except  with  respect  to  the  Closing  Date  Advance  and  theAcquisition
 Advance concurrent therewith, if any, the funding of Transaction Expenses or the increase of Loan amounts orLessor
 Advances described in Section 5.1(b), no Advance shall be requested on a date that is not a Payment Date; provided , further 
,  the  Closing  Date  Advance  and  the  Acquisition  Advance,  if  concurrent  with  the  Closing  Date  Advance,  must  beapproved by the Agent, in
 its commercially reasonable discretion, which discretion shall include the right to require a fundingindemnity
 letter regarding any such Advance on the Closing Date based on the LIBOR Rate. The Construction Agent shalldeliver a Requisition to the Agent in connection with each Advance, as specified in more detail in Section 4.2.
(b) 
     Each  Requisition  shall:  (i)  be  irrevocable,  (ii)  request  funds  in  an  amount  that  is  not  in  excess  of  the  totalaggregate
 of the Available Mortgage Loan Commitments plus the Available Credit Loan Commitments plus the AvailableLessor Commitment at such time, and
 (iii) request that the Lessor make Lessor Advances and that the Lenders make Loans tothe Lessor for the
 payment of Property Costs that (except with respect to the Punchlist Advance (as defined in Section 5.22)),have previously been incurred or are to be
4
incurred on the date of such Advance to the extent such were not subject to a prior Requisition, in each case as specified inthe Requisition.
(c) 
     (i)    Subject to the satisfaction of the conditions precedent set forth in Section 5.3 or 5.4, as applicable, andsubject
 to Section 5.16 hereof with respect to the funding of Uninsured Force Majeure Losses, on the Closing Date or thedate
 on which the Construction Advance (other than as specified in Section 5.2(c)(ii)) is to be made, as applicable, (A) eachCredit Lender
 shall make a Credit Loan based on (but not to exceed) its Credit Loan Commitment in an amount such that theaggregate
 of  all  Credit  Loans  at  such  time  shall  be  eighty-five  percent  (85%)  of  the  Requested  Funds  specified  in  anyRequisition
 plus  (to  the  extent  not  so  specified)  any  additional  amount  of  Transaction  Expenses,  and  (B)  each  MortgageLender shall
 make a Mortgage Loan based on (but not to exceed) its Mortgage Loan Commitment in an amount such that theaggregate of all Mortgage Loans at such time shall be ten percent (10%) of the Requested Funds specified in such Requisition
plus
 (to  the  extent  not  so  specified)  any  additional  amount  of  Transaction  Expenses,  and  (C)  the  Lessor  shall  make  anadvance
 based on its Lessor Commitment (each, a “ Lessor  Advance ”)  in an amount such that the aggregate of all LessorAdvances at
 such time shall be five percent (5%) of the Requested Funds specified in such Requisition plus (to the extent notso specified) any additional amount of Transaction Expenses, and (D) the total amount of such Credit Loans, Mortgage Loans
and
 Lessor  Advance  made  on  such  date  shall  (x)  be  used  by  the  Lessor  to  pay  Property  Costs  (including  TransactionExpenses)
 within five (5) Business Days of the receipt by the Lessor of such Advance or (y) be advanced by the Lessor onthe date of
 such Advance to the Construction Agent or the Lessee to pay Property Costs (including Transaction Expenses), asapplicable,
 previously  paid  or  incurred  by  the  Construction  Agent  or  the  Lessee.  Notwithstanding  that  the  OperativeAgreements
 state that Advances shall be directed to the Lessor, each Advance shall in fact be directed to the ConstructionAgent or
 the Lessee or to the Construction Agent’s or the Lessee’s designee (for the benefit of the Lessor) and applied by theLessee (for the benefit of the Lessor) pursuant to the requirements imposed on the Lessor under the Operative Agreements.
(ii)    Notwithstanding the foregoing, with respect to the final Construction Advance regarding the Property
only and subject to the satisfaction of the conditions precedent set forth in Section 5.4, (A) each Credit Lender shall
make a Credit Loan such that the aggregate Credit Loan Property Cost following such final Construction Advance
shall equal eighty-five percent (85%) of the Property Cost (exclusive of any amount of Lessor Property Cost
attributable to any Lessor Advance for any Uninsured Force Majeure Loss pursuant to Section 5.16), up to an
aggregate principal amount equal to the aggregate of the Credit Loan Commitments, (B) each Mortgage Lender shall
make a Mortgage Loan such that the aggregate Mortgage Loan Property Cost following such final Construction
Advance shall equal ten percent (10%) of the Property Cost (exclusive of any amount of Lessor Property Cost
attributable to any Lessor Advance for any Uninsured Force Majeure Loss pursuant to Section 5.16), up to an
aggregate principal amount equal to the aggregate of the Mortgage Loan Commitments, and (C) the Lessor shall make
an advance such that the aggregate
5
Lessor Property Cost (exclusive of any amount of Lessor Property Cost attributable to any Lessor Advance for anyUninsured Force Majeure Loss pursuant to Section 5.16) following such final Construction Advance shall equal five
percent (5%) of the Property Cost (exclusive of any amount of Lessor Property Cost attributable to any Lessor
Advance for any Uninsured Force Majeure Loss pursuant to Section 5.16), up to an aggregate principal amount equal
to the aggregate of the Lessor Commitments; 
provided , in the event that any Financing Party shall have previously funded an amount in excess of the amount otherwise required to be funded by such Financing Party under this Section
5.2(c)(ii) (any such amount, an “ 
Overfunded Amount ”), the Construction Agent shall pay (from amounts received in connection with such final Construction Advance) to such Financing Party an amount equal to such Overfunded
Amount; 
provided , notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of subsection (C), the Lessor shall remain responsible for funding in connection with events of Uninsured Force Majeure Loss pursuant to Section 5.16.
(d) 
     With respect to an Advance to pay for actual Property Costs previously incurred or intended by the ConstructionAgent
 to be paid directly to third parties and not expended by the Lessor for such purpose on the date of such Advance, suchamounts
 shall be held by the Agent until the applicable conditions precedent therefor under the Operative Agreements havebeen
 satisfied or, if such does not occur within three (3) Business Days of the date of the Agent’s receipt of such Advance,shall
 be applied regarding the applicable Advance to repay the Credit Lenders, the Mortgage Lenders and the Lessor and,subject
 to the  terms  hereof,  of the  Credit  Loan  Agreement  and  the  Mortgage  Loan  Agreement,  shall  remain  available  forfuture
 Advances.  Any  such  amounts  held  by  the  Agent  shall  be  subject  to  the  Lien  of  the  Security  Agreement  and  shallaccrue
 interest  or Lessor  Yield,  as appropriate,  from the date advanced  to the Agent  until  such amounts  are repaid  to theCredit
 Lenders, the Mortgage Lenders and the Lessor, as appropriate. The foregoing provisions of this Section 5.2(d) shallnot
 impair the right of the Construction Agent, in its final Requisition, to request the Punchlist Advance, as more particularlydescribed in Section 5.22.
(e) 
     All Operative Agreements which are to be delivered to the Lessor, the Agent, the Mortgage Lenders or theCredit Lenders shall be delivered to the
 Agent, on behalf of the Lessor, the Agent and the Lenders, and such items (except forMortgage Notes, Credi
t Notes, the Ground Lease and chattel paper originals, with respect to which in each case there shall beonly one original) shall be delivered
 with originals sufficient for the Lessor, the Agent and the Lenders. All other items whichare
 to be delivered to the Lessor, the Agent or the Lenders shall be delivered to the Agent, on behalf of the Lessor, the Agentand
 the Lenders and such other items shall be held by the Agent. To the extent any such other items are requested in writingfrom time to time by the Lessor or any of the Lenders, the Agent shall provide a copy of such item to the party requesting it.
(f) 
     Notwithstanding  the  completion  of  any  closing  under  this  Agreement  pursuant  to  Section  5.3  or  5.4,  eachcondition precedent in connection with any such closing
6
may be subsequently enforced by the Agent (unless such has been expressly waived in writing by the Agent).5.3
Conditions Precedent for the Lessor, the Agent, the Mortgage Lenders and the Credit Lenders Relating to the ClosingDate and the Advance of Funds for the Acquisition of a Property 
. The
 obligations (i) on the Closing Date of the Lessor, the Agent, the Mortgage Lenders and the Credit Lenders to enter intothe
 transactions  contemplated  by  this  Agreement,  including  the  obligation  to  execute  and  deliver  the  applicable  OperativeAgreements
 to which each is a party on the Closing Date, (ii) on the Closing Date of the Lessor to make Lessor Advances, of theMortgage
 Lenders  to  make  Mortgage  Loans  and  of  the  Credit  Lenders  to  make  Credit  Loans  in  order  to  pay  Property  Costsconstituted
 as Transaction  Expenses (the “ Closing  Date Advance ”)  and  (iii)  on the  Closing  Date of the Lessor  to make LessorAdvances,
 of the Mortgage Lenders to make Mortgage Loans and of the Credit Lenders to make Credit Loans in order to pay (orreimburse
 the Construction Agent or the Lessee for the payment of) the Property Acquisition Cost (the “ Acquisition Advance ”), in each
 case (with regard to the foregoing Sections 5.3(i), (ii) and (iii)) are subject to the satisfaction or waiver by the Agent of thefollowing
 conditions precedent on or prior to the Closing Date (to the extent such conditions precedent require the delivery of anyagreement,
 certificate,  instrument,  memorandum,  legal  or  other  opinion,  appraisal,  commitment,  title  insurance  commitment,  lienreport
 or any other document of any kind or type, such shall be in form and substance satisfactory to the Agent, in its commerciallyreasonable discretion;
 notwithstanding the foregoing, the obligations of each party shall not be subject to any conditions contained inthis Section 5.3 which are required to be performed by such party):
7
(a)      the correctness of the representations and warranties of the parties to this Agreement contained herein, in eachof
 the  other  Operative  Agreements  and  each  certificate  delivered  pursuant  to  any  Operative  Agreement  in  all  materialrespects,
 except  for  any  representation  or  warranty  that  is  qualified  by  materiality  or  references  Material  Adverse  Effect,which
 such  representation  or  warranty  shall  be  true  and  correct  in  all  respects  (except  for  any  such  representation  andwarranty
 that by its terms is made only as of an earlier date, which representation and warranty shall remain true and correctin
 all material respects as of such earlier date, except for any representation and warranty that is qualified by materiality orreferences Material Adverse Effect, which such representation
 and warranty shall be true and correct in all respects as of suchearlier date);
(b) 
     [Reserved];(c) 
     the Agent shall have received a fully executed counterpart copy of the Requisition, appropriately completed;(d) 
     title to the Property shall conform to the representations and warranties set forth in Section 6.1(h) hereof;(e) 
     the Construction Agent or the Lessee shall have delivered to the Lessor a copy of the Ground Lease;(f) 
     there shall not have occurred and be continuing any Lease Default or Lease Event of Default and no LeaseDefault
 or Lease Event of Default will have occurred prior to or after giving effect to the Advance requested by each suchRequisition;
(g) 
     the Construction Agent or the Lessee shall have delivered to the Agent title insurance commitments to issuepolicies
 respecting the Property in an amount no less than the Property Cost, with such endorsements as the Agent deemsnecessary,
 in  its  commercially  reasonable  discretion,  and  which  are  customary  for  transactions  of  this  type  and  in  theapplicable
 state, in favor of the Lessor and the Agent from a title insurance company selected by the Construction Agent orthe
 Lessee and acceptable to the Agent, in its commercially reasonable discretion, but only with such title exceptions theretothat are Permitted Liens, the Construction Agent or the Lessee shall have delivered to the Agent a current title report;
(h) 
     the  Construction  Agent  or  the  Lessee  shall  have  delivered  to  the  Agent  an  environmental  site  assessmentrespecting
 the  Property  certified  to  the  Agent  prepared  by  an  independent  recognized  professional  selected  by  theConstruction
 Agent or the Lessee and acceptable to the Agent, in its commercially reasonable discretion, and evidencing noEnvironmental Condition with respect to which there is more than a remote risk of loss;
(i) 
     (i) the Construction Agent or the Lessee shall have delivered to the Agent an ALTA survey (with a flood hazardcertification)
 respecting  the  Property  certified  to  the  Agent  and  the  Lessor  prepared  by  (A)  an  independent  recognizedprofessional
 selected by the Construction Agent or the Lessee and acceptable to each of the Agent and the Lessor, in theircommercially reasonable discretion and (B) in a manner and including such information
8
as is required by the Agent, in its commercially reasonable discretion and (ii) the Agent shall have obtained the necessarydocumentation concerning flood hazard certification;
(j) 
     counsel  for  the  Lessee  or  the  Construction  Agent  admitted  in  the  state  where  the  Property  is  located  andotherwise acceptable to the Agent shall have
 issued to the Lessor, the Credit Lenders, the Mortgage Lenders and the Agent itslegal
 opinion in such other form as is satisfactory to the Agent, in its commercially reasonable discretion, with respect tolocal law real property issues respecting the law where the Property is located;
(k) 
     the  Lessee  shall  have  caused  to  be  delivered  to  the  Agent  the  Mortgage  Instrument,  Lessor  FinancingStatements and Lender Financing Statements respecting the Property, all in recordable form;
(l) 
     the Lessee  shall have caused to be delivered  to the Agent  a memorandum  regarding  the Lease, in the formattached
 to  the  Lease  as Exhibit  B ,  or  in  such  other  form  as  is  acceptable  to  the  Agent,  in  its  commercially  reasonablediscretion, in recordable form;
(m) 
     the sum of the Available Credit Loan Commitments plus the Available Mortgage Loan Commitment plus theAvailable Lessor Commitment will be sufficient to pay the Closing Date Advance and the Acquisition Advance;
(n) 
     the Construction Agent or the Lessee shall have caused a copy of a memorandum of Ground Lease (or shortform
 lease) to be delivered  to the Agent for such Ground Lease together  with a copy of the Ground Lease, in recordableform;
(o) 
     the sum of the Available Credit Loan Commitments plus the Available Mortgage Loan Commitment plus theAvailable Lessor Commitment shall be sufficient for Completion of the Property pursuant to the Construction Documents;
(p) 
     the Construction Agent or the Lessee shall have provided to the Agent a certificate of insurance evidencing theinsurance with respect to the Property as required by the Lease or the Agency Agreement, as the case may be;
(q) 
     the Construction Agent or the Lessee shall cause (i) Uniform Commercial Code lien searches, tax lien searchesand
 judgment lien searches regarding the Lessee to be conducted (and copies thereof to be delivered to the Agent) in suchjurisdictions
 as determined by the Agent by a nationally recognized search company acceptable to the Agent (unless suchsearches
 in  such  jurisdictions  have  previously  been  provided  to  the  Agent  or  if  the  Agent  causes  the  searches  to  be  runthemselves),
 and (ii) the liens referenced in such lien searches which are not Permitted Liens and which are objectionable tothe
 Agent, in its commercially reasonable discretion, to be either removed or otherwise handled in a manner satisfactory tothe Agent, in its commercially reasonable discretion;
(r) 
     all taxes, fees and other charges in connection with the execution, delivery, recording, filing and registration ofthe
 Operative Agreements and/or documents related thereto as the parties have agreed to record or file (and in any event allsuch taxes, fees and
9
other  charges  in  connection  with  any  and  all  UCC  financing  statements  and  fixture  filings)  and  the  payment  of  the  titleinsurance
 premiums  shall  have  been  paid  or  provisions  for  such  payment  shall  have  been  made  to  the  satisfaction  of  theAgent, in its commercially reasonable discretion;
(s) 
     each of the Operative Agreements to be entered into on such date shall have been duly authorized, executed anddelivered
 by the parties thereto, enforceable against such parties, and shall be in full force and effect, and the Agent shallhave received a fully executed copy of each of the Operative Agreements;
(t) 
     [Reserved];(u) 
     the Agent shall have received (i) a certificate of an Officer of each Credit Party, dated as of the Closing Date, inthe
 form attached hereto as EXHIBIT  B or  in such other form as is acceptable to the Agent, in its commercially reasonablediscretion,
 attaching and certifying as to (A) its articles of incorporation or other charter documents, certified as of a recentdate
 by the Secretary of State of its state of formation, (B) its by‑ laws or other similar document, certified as of a recent dateby
 an appropriate officer of the Credit Party, (C) the resolutions duly authorizing the execution, delivery and performance byit
 of each of the Operative Agreements to which it is or will be a party and (D) the incumbency and signature of personsauthorized
 to execute and deliver on its behalf the Operative Agreements to which it is or will be a party and (ii) a goodstanding certificate (or local equivalent) from
 the appropriate office of the respective states where such Credit Party is formedand
 (except with regard to NVIDIA International Holdings Inc.) where the principal place of business of such Credit Party islocated as to its good standing in each such state;
(v) 
     [Reserved];(w) 
     the Agent shall have received (i) a certificate of the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary of the Lessor in theform
 attached hereto as EXHIBIT  C or  in such other form as is satisfactory  to the Agent, in its commercially  reasonablediscretion,
 attaching and certifying as to (A) its articles of incorporation or other equivalent charter documents certified as ofa
 recent date by the Secretary of State of its state of formation, (B) its by‑ laws or other similar document, certified as of arecent
 date  by  an  appropriate  officer  of  the  Lessor,  (C)  the  resolutions  duly  authorizing  the  execution,  delivery  andperformance by the Lessor
 of each of the Operative Agreements to which it is or will be a party, and (D) the incumbency andsignature
 of persons authorized to execute and deliver on its behalf the Operative Agreements to which it is a party and (ii) agood
 standing certificate (or local equivalent) from the appropriate office of the state where the Lessor is incorporated andwhere the principal place of business of the Lessor is located as to good standing in each such state;
(x) 
     counsel for the Lessor acceptable to the Agent shall have issued to the Lessee, the Guarantors, the Lessor, theCredit
 Lenders, the Mortgage Lenders and the Agent its legal opinion in the form attached hereto as EXHIBIT  D or  in suchother form as is satisfactory to the Agent, in its commercially reasonable discretion;
10
(y)      counsel for the Lessee reasonably acceptable to the Agent shall have issued to the Lessor, the Credit Lenders,the
 Mortgage Lenders and the Agent its legal opinion in such other form as is satisfactory to the Agent, in its commerciallyreasonable discretion;
(z) 
     no law or regulation shall prohibit, and no order, judgment or decree of any court or governmental body, agencyor
 instrumentality  shall  prohibit  or  enjoin  Lessor  from  making  the  Lessor  Advances,  any  Credit  Lender  from  making  theCredit Loans or any Mortgage Lender from making the Mortgage Loans;
(aa) 
     in  the  case  of  the  Credit  Lenders,  immediately  after  and  giving  effect  to  the  applicable  Credit  Loanscontemplated hereby,
 the aggregate outstanding Credit Loans do not exceed the Credit Loan Commitments and in the case ofthe
 Mortgage  Lenders,  immediately  after  and  giving  effect  to  the  applicable  Mortgage  Loans  contemplated  hereby,  theaggregate outstanding Mortgage Loans do not exceed the Mortgage Loan Commitments;
(bb) 
     the Lessor shall have arranged to have an RVI Policy issued with respect to the Property from an insurerselected by the Lessor; 
provided , the premium for  such RVI Policy shall not exceed a reasonable and customary amount; and(cc) 
     the  Agent  shall  have  received  an  Appraisal  regarding  the  Property  certified  to  the  Agent  and  the  Lessorprepared
 by  (i)  an  independent  recognized  professional  selected  by  the  Agent  and  (ii)  in  a  manner  and  including  suchinformation as is required by the Agent.
5.4
Conditions Precedent for the Lessor, the Agent, the Mortgage Lenders and the Credit Lenders Relating to the Advance ofFunds after the Acquisition Advance 
. From
 and after the Closing Date Advance and the Acquisition Advance, the obligations of the Credit Lenders to make CreditLoans,
 of the Mortgage Lenders to make Mortgage Loans and of the Lessor to make Lessor Advances in connection with Advancesto
 the  Construction  Agent  to  permit  the  acquisition,  testing,  engineering,  installation,  development,  construction,  modification,design,
 and  renovation,  as  applicable,  of  the  Property  (or  components  thereof)  in  accordance  with  the  terms  of  the  AgencyAgreement
 and the other Operative Agreements (including construction of the Improvements and acquisition and installation of theEquipment) are
 subject to the delivery of a Requisition, in the form as specified in and satisfying the requirements of EXHIBIT A to this Agreement.
As a
 clarification and not in limitation of the foregoing, and notwithstanding anything contained in the Operative Agreementsto
 the contrary and except with respect to the Closing Date Advance and the Acquisition Advance, so long as (a) the ConstructionAgent
 delivers a Requisition, in the form as specified in and satisfying the requirements of EXHIBIT  A to  this Agreement, (b) theconditions
 precedent described in Section 5.4A (except with respect to Section 5.4A(l) regarding Sections 5.17(b)(i)(B) and 5.17(b)(i)(H),
 those two provisions shall apply to all Construction Advances other than the Punchlist Advance made pursuant to Section5.22) were satisfied in full
 or waived by the Agent at each point in time that (i) the Construction Agent paid or incurred any PropertyCost
 for  which  the  Construction  Agent  seeks  reimbursement  or  direct  payment  pursuant  to  such  Requisition  or  (ii)  submitted  itsRequisition for the Punchlist Advance and (c) after giving
11
effect to the applicable Advances contemplated by such Requisition, the Credit Loans do not exceed the Credit Loan Commitment¸the
 Mortgage  Loans  do  not  exceed  the  Mortgage  Loan  Commitment  and  the  Lessor  Advances  do  not  exceed  the  LessorCommitment,
 then  to  the  extent  each  of  the  foregoing  subsections  (a),  (b)  and  (c)  have  been  satisfied,  the  Credit  Lenders,  theMortgage
 Lenders and the Lessor shall each make their respective Construction Advances to reimburse the Construction Agent forall
 Property Costs referenced in such Requisition, in accordance with and subject to the limitations of the Operative Agreements,including Section 2.4(d) of the Agency Agreement.
5.4A
Conditions Precedent to Payment or Incurrence of Property Cost . The
 Construction  Agent  shall  not  pay  or  incur  any  Property  Cost  after  the  Closing  Date  Advance  and  the  AcquisitionAdvance
 unless  the  following  conditions  precedent  have  been  satisfied  or  waived  by  the  Agent  as  of  the  date(s)  of  each  suchpayment
 or incurrence of Property Cost (to the extent such conditions precedent require the delivery of any agreement, certificate,instrument,
 memorandum,  legal  or  other  opinion,  appraisal,  commitment,  title  insurance  commitment,  lien  report  or  any  otherdocument
 of  any  kind  or  type,  such  shall  be  in  form  and  substance  satisfactory  to  the  Agent,  in  its  commercially  reasonablediscretion):
(a)  
  the correctness of the representations and warranties of the parties to this Agreement contained herein, in each ofthe
 other Operative Agreements and each certificate delivered pursuant to any Operative Agreement in all material respects,except
 for any representation or warranty that is qualified by materiality or references Material Adverse Effect, which suchrepresentation or
 warranty shall be true and correct in all respects (except for any such representation and warranty that by itsterms
 is  made  only  as  of  an  earlier  date,  which  representation  and  warranty  shall  remain  true  and  correct  in  all  materialrespects
 as  of  such  earlier  date,  except  for  any  representation  and  warranty  that  is  qualified  by  materiality  or  referencesMaterial
 Adverse Effect, which such representation and warranty shall be true and correct in all respects as of such earlierdate);
(b)
    the performance  by the parties to this Agreement of their respective agreements contained herein and in theother Operative Agreements to be performed by them on or prior to each such date;
(c)
    Prior  to  commencement  of  construction  of  the  Property,  the  Construction  Agent  shall  have  delivered  to  theFinancing
 Parties,  and  the  Financing  Parties  shall  have  approved  (which  approval  shall  not  be  unreasonably  withheld,conditioned
 or delayed) the builder’s risk insurance policy (including earthquake coverage) as required pursuant to ArticleXIV of the Lease;
(d)
    the sum of the Available Credit Loan Commitments plus the Available Mortgage Loan Commitments plus theAvailable Lessor Commitment will be sufficient for Completion pursuant to the Construction Documents;
(e)
    there  shall  not have occurred  and be continuing  any Lease  Default  or Lease  Event  of Default  and no LeaseDefault
 or  Lease  Event  of  Default  will  have  occurred  after  giving  effect  to  the  Construction  Advance  requested  by  theapplicable Requisition;
12
(f)    the title insurance policy delivered in connection with the requirements of Section 5.3(g) shall provide for (orshall
 be endorsed to provide for) insurance in an amount at least equal to the maximum total Property Cost indicated by theConstruction
 Budget (as adjusted from time to time, including with regard to any additional Lessor Advances pursuant toSection
 5.16)  and  there  shall  be  no  title  change  or  exception  objectionable  to  the  Agent,  in  its  commercially  reasonablediscretion, including any Lien for labor or materials;
(g)
    all taxes, fees and other charges in connection with the execution, delivery, recording, filing and registration ofthe
 Operative  Agreements  (and  in  any  event  all  such  taxes,  fees  and  other  charges  in  connection  with  any  and  all  UCCfinancing
 statements and fixtures filings) and the cost of any title endorsement or update shall have been paid or provisionsfor such payment shall have been made to the satisfaction of the Agent, in its commercially reasonable discretion;
(h)
    prior  to  the  initial  Construction  Advance  following  the  Closing  Date,  the  Construction  Agent  shall  havedelivered to the Agent copies of the Plans and Specifications for applicable Improvements;
(i)
    prior to the initial Construction Advance following the Closing Date, the Construction Agent shall deliver to theAgent the Construction Budget;
(j)
    in  the  case  of  the  Credit  Lenders,  immediately  after  and  giving  effect  to  the  applicable  Credit  Loanscontemplated
 by  the  applicable  Requisition,  the  aggregate  outstanding  Credit  Loans  do  not  exceed  the  Credit  LoanCommitments,
 in the case of the Mortgage Lenders, immediately after and giving effect to the applicable Mortgage Loanscontemplated
 by the applicable Requisition,  the aggregate outstanding Mortgage Loans do not exceed the Mortgage LoanCommitments
 and  in  the  case  of  the  Lessor,  immediately  after  and  giving  effect  to  the  applicable  Lessor  Advancecontemplated
 by  the  applicable  Requisition,  the  aggregate  outstanding  Lessor  Advances  do  not  exceed  the  LessorCommitment;
(k)
    no applicable law or regulation shall prohibit, and no order, judgment or decree of any court or governmentalbody,
 agency or instrumentality shall prohibit or enjoin the Lessor from making the Lessor Advances, any Credit Lenderfrom making the Credit Loans or any Mortgage Lender from making the Mortgage Loans;
(l)    the requirements of Section 5.17 shall have been satisfied;
(m) 
   with respect to any Advances not contemplated in the original applicable Construction Budget, including by theLessor
 pursuant to Section 5.16, the Lessee shall have caused to be delivered to the Agent an amendment to the applicableMortgage
 Instrument  (as  is  acceptable  to  the  Agent,  with  revisions  as  necessary  to  conform  to  statutory  recordingrequirements and customary practice under Applicable Law); and
(n)    Completion can be achieved by the Construction Period Termination Date.
13
5.5Additional Reporting and Delivery Requirements on Completion Date . On
 or prior to the Completion Date, the Construction Agent shall deliver to the Agent an Officer’s Certificate in the formattached
 hereto  as EXHIBIT  E or  in  such  other  form  as  is  satisfactory  to  the  Agent,  in  its  commercially  reasonable  discretion,specifying
 (a)  the  address for  the  Property,  (b)  the  Completion  Date,  (c)  the  Property  Cost  and  (d)  that  every  representation andwarranty
 of  each  Credit  Party  contained  in  the  Operative  Agreements  to  which  it  is  a  party  is  true  and  correct  on  and  as  of  theCompletion
 Date  in  all  material  respects,  except  for  any  representation  or  warranty  that  is  qualified  by  materiality  or  referencesMaterial
 Adverse  Effect,  which  such  representation  or  warranty  shall  be  true  and  correct  in  all  respects  (except  for  any  suchrepresentation
 and warranty that by its terms is made only as of an earlier date, which representation and warranty shall remain trueand
 correct in all material respects as of such earlier date, except for any representation and warranty that is qualified by materialityor
 references Material Adverse Effect, which such representation and warranty shall be true and correct in all respects as of suchearlier
 date).  The  Agent  shall  have  the  right  to  reasonably  contest  the  information  contained  in  such  Officer’s  Certificate.Furthermore,
 on or prior to the Completion Date, the Construction Agent shall deliver or cause to be delivered to the Agent (unlesspreviously
 delivered to the Agent) originals of the following relating to the Property, each of which shall be in form and substanceacceptable
 to the Agent, in its commercially  reasonable  discretion: (v) a title insurance endorsement regarding the title insurancepolicy
 delivered  in  connection  with  the  requirements  of  Section  5.3(g),  but  only  to  the  extent  such  endorsement  is  necessary  toprovide
 for insurance in an amount at least equal to the maximum total Property Cost and, if endorsed, the endorsement shall notinclude a title change or exception that
 has or could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; (w) an as‑ built surveyfor
 the Property; (x) insurance certificates  respecting the Property as required hereunder and under the Lease; (y) at the Lessor’sprior
 written request, an Appraisal regarding the Property; and (z) with respect to any Advances not contemplated in the originalapplicable Constructi
on Budget, including by the Lessor pursuant to Section 5.16, the Lessee shall have caused to be delivered to theAgent an
 amendment to the applicable Mortgage Instrument (as is acceptable to the Agent, with revisions as necessary to conform tostatutory
 recording  requirements  and  customary  practice  under  Applicable  Law).  In  addition,  on  the  Completion  Date,  theConstruction Agent
 covenants and agrees that the recording fees, documentary stamp taxes or similar amounts required to be paid inconnection
 with the related Mortgage Instrument shall have been paid in an amount required by Applicable Law, subject, however,to
 the obligations of the Lessor, the Mortgage Lenders and the Credit Lenders to fund such costs to the extent required pursuant toSection 7.1.
5.6
Restrictions on Liens . On
 the Closing Date, the Construction Agent or the Lessee shall cause the Property to be free and clear of all Liens exceptPermitted Liens. On
 the date the Property is either sold to a third party in accordance with the terms of the Operative Agreements or,pursuant
 to Section 21.1(a) of the Lease, retained by the Lessor, the Lessee shall cause the Property to be free and clear of all Liens(other
 than Lessor Liens and such other Liens that are expressly set forth as title exceptions on the title commitment issued underSection
 5.3(g) with respect to the Property, Liens for Taxes that are not yet due and such other Liens on the Property theretoforeapproved by the required Financing Parties in accordance with the Operative Agreements).
14
5.7Payments . Subject
 to Section 5.1(b), all payments of principal, interest, Lessor Advances, Lessor Yield, Fees and other amounts to bemade
 by the Credit Parties under this Agreement or any other Operative Agreements (excluding Excepted Payments which shall bepaid
 directly to the party to whom such payments are owed) shall be made to the Agent at the office designated by the Agent fromtime
 to time in Dollars and in immediately available funds, without set-off, deduction, or counterclaim. Subject to the definition of“Interest
 Period” in Appendix  A attached  hereto, whenever any payment under this Agreement or any other Operative Agreementsshall
 be stated to be due on a day that is not a Business Day, such payment may be made on the next succeeding Business Day, andsuch
 extension of time in such case shall be included in the computation of interest, Lessor Yield and fees payable pursuant to theOperative Agreements, as applicable and as the case may be.
5.8
Unilateral Right to Increase the Lessor Commitment, the Mortgage Loan Commitments and the Credit LoanCommitments 
. Notwithstanding any other provision of any
 Operative Agreement or any objection by any Person (including any objection bythe Lessee
 or the Construction Agent), (a) the Lessor, in its sole discretion, may unilaterally elect to increase its Lessor Commitmentif
 necessary to fund Transaction Expenses, (b) each Mortgage Lender, in its sole discretion, may unilaterally elect to increase itsMortgage
 Loan  Commitment  if  necessary  to  fund  Transaction  Expenses,  and  (c)  each  Credit  Lender,  in  its  sole  discretion,  mayunilaterally
 elect  to  increase  its  Credit  Loan  Commitments  if  necessary  to  fund  Transaction  Expenses.  The  Credit  Parties  shallpromptly
 cause  to  be  taken,  executed,  acknowledged  or  delivered,  at  the  sole  expense  of  the  Lessee,  all  such  further  acts,conveyances,
 documents and assurances as the Financing Parties may from time to time reasonably request in order to carry out andeffectuate
 the intent and purposes of this Section 5.8 (including the preparation and execution of a Requisition for amounts fundedby any of the Financing Parties as a result of any increase in the Lessor Commitment, the Mortgage Loan Commitments or the Credit
Loan Commitments pursuant to this Section 5.8).
5.9
Maintenance of the Lessee as a Wholly-Owned Entity . From
 the Closing Date and thereafter until such time as all obligations of all Credit Parties under the Operative Agreementshave been satisfied and performed in full, the Parent shall retain the Lessee as a Wholly-Owned Entity.
5.10
Rent Under the Ground Lease as Property Cost . The
 parties to this Agreement hereby agree that the rent payable from time to time pursuant to the Ground Lease (from theClosing Date to and including the Completion Date) shall be an appropriate item of Property Cost to be funded through Advances.
5.11
Lessor Basic Rent Adjustment . On
 the sixth Payment Date after the Rent Commencement Date, the Lessee shall make a payment of Supplemental Rent tothe Lessor (for the account of the Lessor) equal to the lesser of
15
(a) five percent (5%) of the then current Lessor Advances for the Property or (b) $1,000,000 (the “ Accelerated  Rent Amount ”). Payment
 of the Accelerated Rent Amount shall be applied as a Dollar for Dollar reduction of the Lessor Advances. Beginning withthe
 seventh (7th) Payment Date after the Rent Commencement Date, the parties to this Agreement agree that the Lessee shall reduceeach
 of its payments of Lessor Basic Rent by the amount of Lessor Basic Rent due and payable on such Payment Date (each suchindividual
 reduction of Lessor Basic Rent for a given Payment Date may be referred to herein as a “ Lessor  Basic Rent Adjustment”); 
provided ,  if the Cumulative Lessor Basic Rent Adjustment is less than the Accelerated Rent Amount (the “ Shortfall Amount ”), then
 the Shortfall Amount shall be credited against each subsequent payment of Lessor Basic Rent, and the Lessee shall not pay anyadditional
 Lessor Basic Rent until the Shortfall Amount is reduced to zero. Each such Lessor Basic Rent Adjustment shall increasethe Lessor Advances on a Dollar for Dollar basis. In any event, the Lessee shall reduce its payments of Lessor Basic Rent pursuant to
the
 Lessor  Basic Rent  Adjustment  until  such time as the Cumulative  Lessor Basic  Rent Adjustment  equals the Accelerated  RentAmount.
5.12
Limitation on Requested Advances regarding Available Credit Loan Commitments, Available Mortgage LoanCommitments and Available Lessor Commitment 
. Neither
 the Lessor nor the Lessee shall submit any Requisition or any other request for funding pursuant to the OperativeAgreements
 requesting that the Credit Lenders make Credit Loans in excess of the aggregate Available Credit Loan Commitments,requesting
 that the Mortgage Lenders make Mortgage Loans in excess of the aggregate Available Mortgage Loan Commitments orrequesting
 any Lessor Advance in excess of the Available Lessor Commitment. No Credit Lender shall be obligated to make CreditLoans
 in excess of its Credit Loan Commitments, no Mortgage Lender shall be obligated to make Mortgage Loans in excess of itsMortgage Loan Commitment and the Lessor shall not be obligated to fund any Lessor Advance in excess of its Lessor Commitment.
5.13
Limitation on Purchase Option under the Lease . The
 Lessee may purchase the Property pursuant to the Purchase Option in the Lease; provided ,  that in connection with thepurchase
 of the Property in connection with the Purchase Option, Lessee (or its designee) shall have paid Termination Value for all,but not less than all, the Property.
5.14
Equity Cure Rights, Etc . Each
 Credit Lender and Mortgage Lender agrees that if (i) (x) an Event of Default, which also constitutes a Lease Event ofDefault,
 shall have occurred and be continuing for a period of at least one hundred and five (105) days without any of the Noteshaving
 been  accelerated  or  the  Agent  having  exercised  any  remedy  under  the  Lease  intended  to  dispossess  the  Lessee  of  theProperty,
 (y) the Notes have been accelerated pursuant to Section 6 of the respective Loan Agreement and such acceleration has nottheretofore
 been rescinded, or (z) a notice of the intent of the Agent to foreclose on the Property or otherwise dispossess the Lesseeof
 the Property (the “ Enforcement  Notice ”)  has been given pursuant to Section 17.2 of the Lease within the previous thirty (30)days, (ii)
 no Mortgage Loan Event of Default or Credit Loan Event of Default described in Section 6(a) (other than such an Event ofDefault caused by a Lease Event of Default) or Section 6(e) of either
16
Loan Agreement shall have occurred and be continuing and (iii) the Lessor shall give written notice to the Agent of the Lessor’sintention
 to purchase all of the Notes in accordance with this paragraph, then, upon receipt within ten (10) Business Days after suchnotice from
 the Lessor of an amount equal to the aggregate unpaid principal amount of any unpaid Notes then held by the applicableLender,
 together with accrued but unpaid interest thereon, to the date of such receipt (as well as any interest on overdue principaland,
 to the extent permitted by Applicable Law, overdue interest), plus the aggregate amount, if any, of all sums which the Lenderswould
 be  entitled  to  be  paid  before  any  payments  were  to  be  made  to  the  Lessor  but  excluding  any  payment  in  the  nature  of  apremium,
 each Lender will forthwith sell, assign, transfer and convey to the Lessor (without recourse or warranty of any kind otherthan
 of title to the Notes so conveyed) all of the right, title and interest of such Lender (other than rights to indemnity arising withrespect
 to matters occurring prior to any such sale, assignment, transfer or conveyance to the Lessor) in and to the Property and theOperative
 Agreements held by such Lender, and the Lessor shall thereupon assume all of each Lender’s rights and obligations insuch
 documents; provided ,  that no Lender shall be required to so convey unless (A) the Lessor shall have simultaneously tenderedpayment
 on  all  other  Notes  then  outstanding  pursuant  to  this  paragraph  and  (B)  such  conveyance  is  not  in  violation  of  anyApplicable
 Law. All charges and expenses required to be paid in connection with the issuance of any new Notes in connection withthis paragraph shall be borne by the Lessor.
5.15
[Reserved] . 5.16
Special Provision Regarding the Funding of Uninsured Force Majeure Losses . Notwithstanding any provision
 herein or in any other Operative Agreement to the contrary, the parties hereto agree that, uponthe
 occurrence of a Force Majeure Event that occurs during the Construction Period with respect to the Property and subject to thesatisfaction
 of  the  conditions  for  a  Construction  Advance  set  forth  in  Section  5.4,  the  Lessor  shall  make  a  Lessor  Advance  (inaddition
 to any Lessor Advance otherwise made pursuant  to the provisions of Section  5.2(c)) in an amount sufficient  to pay anyUninsured
 Force Majeure Loss attributable to such Force Majeure Event, and such amount so advanced shall be added to the LessorProperty Cost for the Property.
5.17
Construction Servicer and Inspection Consultant . (a) 
     The Agent shall be permitted to hire (i) the Construction Servicer to act as the Agent’s agent to review thesubmissions
 by or on behalf of the Construction Agent in connection with the Requisitions and (ii) the Inspection Consultantto
 act as the Agent’s agent to oversee construction of the Property. Promptly after the Closing Date, the Agent shall, or shallcause
 each of the Construction Advisers to, provide the notice information for the Construction Advisers to the ConstructionAgent.
 Upon  submission  by  the  Agent  (on  behalf  of  the  Construction  Advisers)  to  the  Construction  Agent  of  invoices(including
 payment instructions) for the respective services of the Construction Advisers from time to time, the ConstructionAgent
 shall include all such invoiced amounts in its next Requisition, unless any such invoice is submitted less than three (3)Business
 Days  prior  to  the  date  of  submission  of  the  Requisition  to  the  Construction  Agent  in  which  case  such  invoicedamounts
 shall  be  included  in  the  next  following  Requisition.  Without  the  need  for  any  further  action,  all  such  invoicedamounts from the Construction Advisers shall constitute Transaction
17
Expenses and once those invoiced amounts are paid, they shall be added to the Property Cost. As more fully described below,and
 not  in  limitation  of  the  other  conditions  precedent  of  Sections  5.4  and  5.4A,  the  determination  by  either  of  theConstruction
 Advisers  that  any  Requisition  and/or  the  supporting  documentation  therefor  is  not  satisfactory,  in  itscommercially
 reasonable judgment, shall be a basis to instruct the Construction Agent to cease immediately to pay or incurany
 additional Property Costs from and after such date, and the Construction Agent hereby agrees to comply immediatelywith any such instruction.
(b) 
     As referenced in Section 5.4A(l) and in addition to the other requirements of Section 5.4A, the ConstructionAgent
 shall pay or incur any Property Cost after the Closing Date if, and only if, the following conditions precedent havebeen satisfied or waived by the Agent as of the date of each such payment or incurrence of Property Cost:
(i) 
     On or prior to the Monthly Notice Date, the Construction Agent shall furnish or cause to be furnished tothe
 Agent,  in all  cases,  and  to the  Construction  Servicer  and/or  the  Inspection  Consultant  as  set forth  below  or asotherwise
 directed  by  the  Agent,  the  prior  month’s  Requisition  and  the  following  documents  covering  eachdisbursement
 included  in  the  prior  month’s  Requisition  and  in  each  case  with  regard  to  the  Property,  in  form  andsubstance
 satisfactory  to  the  Agent  (and  for  this  purpose,  it  is  acknowledged  that  the  Agent  may  consult  with  theConstruction Advisers to determine what is satisfactory), in its commercially reasonable discretion:
(A) 
     To the Agent and the Construction Servicer, a completed certificate of the Construction Agent inthe
 form  attached  hereto  as EXHIBIT  F or  in  such  other  form  as  is  satisfactory  to  the  Agent,  in  itscommercially reasonable
 discretion, (the “ Construction Agent Certificate ”), and  the prior month’s completedRequisition, each executed by an authorized representative of the Construction Agent;
(B) 
     To the Agent, the Construction Servicer and the Inspection Consultant, a completed standardAIA
 Form G702 and Form G703 signed by the applicable general contractor and the applicable architect, andsworn
 statements  and  conditional  waivers  of  lien  covering  all  work  to  be  paid  with  the  proceeds  of  thecurrently
 contemplated Advances, which shall become unconditional upon such payment (provided that theforegoing shall not apply to amounts requested in the Punchlist Advance made pursuant to Section 5.22);
(C) 
     To the Agent, the Construction Servicer and the Inspection Consultant, fully executed copies ofany
 proposed or executed change orders on standard AIA Form G701 form or, if substantively  similar, theform
 used  by  the  general  contractor,  or  other  form  acceptable  in  writing  to  the  Agent,  in  its  commerciallyreasonable
 discretion, which have not been previously furnished and which require and are not valid withoutthe signatures of the general contractor and the Construction Agent;
18
(D)      To  the  Agent  and  the  Construction  Servicer,  copies  of  all  permits  and  other  GovernmentalActions
 required  under  Law  to be obtained  and  not  delivered  to the  Agent  and  Construction  Servicer  priorthereto,
 and in any event copies of all such permits and other Governmental Actions not previously deliveredand then needed in connection with the Property;
(E) 
     To the Agent and the Inspection Consultant executed copies of all subcontracts and suppliercontracts
 executed  between  the  dates  of the  two  prior  months’  Requisitions  between  the applicable  generalcontractor
 and a subcontractor or a supplier, as applicable, in each case that provides for an aggregate contractprice equal to or greater than $1,000,000;
(F) 
     To the Agent, the Construction Servicer and the Inspection Consultant, such other instruments,documents
 and  information  as  the  Construction  Servicer  or  the  Inspection  Consultant  may  request,  in  theircommercially
 reasonable discretion, including conditional waivers of lien covering all work by the applicablegeneral
 contractor or any subcontractors or suppliers (to the extent such subcontractor or suppliers meet the$1,000,000 threshold of the foregoing subsection (E)) paid with the proceeds of the prior Advances;
(G) 
     To the Agent, the Construction Servicer and the Inspection Consultant, an updated ConstructionBudget,
 showing the sources and uses by cost category in form acceptable to the Agent, in its commerciallyreasonable discretion; and
(H) 
     To the Agent, the Construction Servicer and the Inspection Consultant regarding each requesteddisbursement
 of Transaction Expenses, invoices which (1) are in writing, (2) contain the applicable vendor’sname and address, on letterhead if
 available, (3) contain the Construction Agent’s name and the location of theproject
 and (4) contain an invoice number and amount (provided that the foregoing shall not apply to amountsrequested in the Punchlist Advance made pursuant to Section 5.22).
(ii) 
     In  connection  with  the  review  of  each  prior  month’s  Requisition,  the  Agent  and  the  ConstructionServicer
 shall have received a report, satisfactory to each of them, in their commercially reasonable discretion, of theInspection Consultant, reflecting
 its periodic site observation and review of the documents substantiating the PropertyCosts
 being requested pursuant to the prior month’s Requisition, including progress and quality of the Improvements,the
 construction schedule and related Construction Documents. The Inspection Consultant shall deliver such reportnot
 later than the Business Day next following six (6) days after receipt by the Agent, the Construction Servicer andthe
 Inspection Consultant, as applicable, of all items that the Construction Agent is required to provide pursuant toSection 5.17(b)(i).
19
(iii)      On  the  Business  Day  next  following  seven  (7)  days  after  receipt  by  the  Agent,  the  ConstructionServicer
 and the Inspection Consultant, as applicable, of all items that the Construction Agent is required to providepursuant
 to Section 5.17(b)(i), the Agent shall request the Construction Advisers to provide either a written approvalor
 a written disapproval of the prior month’s Requisition indicating the reasons for any such disapproval. The Agentshall
 share, or shall cause the Construction Advisers to share, promptly with the Construction Agent the certificate orother written communication from the Construction Advisers regarding any such approval/disapproval.
5.18
Extension of Target Construction Period Termination Date . If
 the Construction Agent becomes aware of a Force Majeure Event a result of which the Completion cannot reasonably beexpected
 to  occur  on  or  before  the  Target  Construction  Period  Termination  Date,  then  the  Financing  Parties  shall,  at  the  writtenrequest
 of the Construction Agent accompanied by the certificate hereinafter described, in good faith, but for a period not in excessof
 twenty (20) days ( provided ,  that such period shall not extend beyond the Target Construction Period Termination Date), discussthe
 terms and conditions applicable to an extension of the Target Construction Period Termination Date to enable the ConstructionAgent
 to effect Completion on or prior to such extended date after the Target Construction Period Termination Date. During suchtwenty
 (20) day period, none of the Financing Parties may exercise any remedy under any Operative Agreement solely as a result ofthe
 Construction Agent being unable to effect Completion by the Target Construction Period Termination Date. It is understood andagreed
 that while the Lenders and the Lessor are not obligated to extend the Target Construction Period Termination Date for anyreason,
 any such extension shall be effected pursuant to the prior approval of the Majority Credit Lenders, the Majority MortgageLenders
 and the Lessor. In connection with any request for any extension of the Target Construction Period Termination Date, theConstruction
 Agent  shall deliver  to the Financing  Parties  (a) a written  explanation  detailing  the reasons  why Completion  will beunable
 to  occur  prior  to  the  Target  Construction  Period  Termination  Date  and  how  such  delays  will  be  rectified  and  (b)  aconfirmation
 to the effect that the extension of the Construction Period will allow Completion to occur prior to the extended dateafter
 the  Target  Construction  Period  Termination  Date.  If  by  the  end  of  such  twenty  (20)  day  period  (or,  if  sooner,  the  TargetConstruction
 Period Termination Date), the Construction Agent is unable to obtain approval for such postponement, then the rightsand remedies of the parties with respect thereto will be governed by the Agency Agreement.
5.19
Reassignment of Construction Contracts . Promptly
 after  any  purchase  of  the  Property  by  the  Lessee  pursuant  to  the  Operative  Agreements  or  by  any  third  partypursuant to
 Article XXI of the Lease, the Lessor, subject to the terms of this Section 5.19, shall assign to the Lessee (or its designee)or
 to such third party, as applicable, (with such assignment documents to be on forms reasonably acceptable to the Lessor and theapplicable
 assignee) all right, title and interest of the Lessor in and to any Construction Documents, to the extent such ConstructionDocuments
 had been previously assigned to the Lessor by the Parent or any of the Parent’s Subsidiaries. Such assignment by theLessor shall be free and
20
clear of the Lien of the Lease, the Lien of the Security Documents and any Lessor Liens (but otherwise without representation orwarranty
 of any kind). Notwithstanding the foregoing, such assignment by the Lessor shall be subject to the retention by the Lessor,and
 the Lessor shall not so assign, any rights of indemnification pursuant to any such construction contracts in favor of the Lessorwith
 respect to the period of time in which the Lessor was a party to any such applicable construction contract and without regard towhether any indemnified claim arises prior to or after the date of such assignment by the Lessor.
5.20
Notices from the Construction Agent/the Lessee . If
 the Construction Agent implements any revision, amendment or modification to the Plans and Specifications pursuant toSection 3.2(b) of the Agency Agreement, then the Constru
ction Agent shall provide prompt notice thereof to the Agent. If the Lesseemakes
 any Modification to the Property, as referenced in Section 11.1 of the Lease, that shall or could reasonably be expected tohave a Material Adverse Effect, then the Lessee shall provide prompt notice thereof to the Agent.
5.21
Ratable Reduction of Commitments . Any
 reduction  in  the  Commitments  shall  be  on  a  ratable  basis,  with  (a)  the  Credit  Loan  Commitments  being  reduced  byeighty
‑five percent (85%) of any such aggregate Commitment reduction, (b) the Mortgage Loan Commitments being reduced by tenpercent (10%)
 of any such aggregate Commitment reduction and (c) the Lessor Commitments being reduced by five percent (5%) ofany such aggregate Commitment reduction.
5.22
Final Advance for Punch List Items.Prior
 to  the  Construction  Period  Termination  Date,  the  Construction  Agent  in  its  Requisition  for  the  final  Advance  mayrequest
 amounts  to  pay  for  punch  list  items  for  the  Property  that  have  not  been  completed  at  such  time  and  that  may  not  becompleted until after the
 Completion Date (such Advance being referred to herein as the “ Punchlist Advance ”). With regard to such punch
 list items, the Construction Agent shall reference in Section 1 of the applicable Requisition under “Party to Whom Amount isOwed” the entry “contractors rega
rding punch list items for the Property”, under “Type” the entry “punch list items for the Property”and
 under “Amount Owed (in U.S. Dollars)” the requested aggregate amount for such punch list items. Funding of the PunchlistAdvance
 for  punch  list  items  for  the  Property  will  be  subject  to  the  conditions  precedent  referenced  in  Section  5.4.  Prior  to  theCompletion
 Date, the Construction Agent shall use all such Punchlist Advance amounts only for punch list items for the Property.After
 the Completion Date, the Lessee shall use all such Punchlist Advance amounts only for punch list items for the Property. Allpunch
 list items for the Property so completed shall be completed in accordance with the Plans and Specifications. Not less than five(5)
 Business Days prior to the Payment Date next occurring after the twelve (12) month anniversary of the Completion Date (the “Punchlist
 Deadline ”),  the  Lessee  shall  return  any  and  all  Advance  amounts  previously  funded  for  such  punch  list  items  for  theProperty
 to the extent such amounts have not been used at such time to pay for punch list items for the Property; provided, however,that
 if the Construction Agent or the Lessee, as applicable is unable to complete such punchlist items prior to the Punchlist Deadlinedespite its diligent efforts to do so, the Construction Agent or the Lessee, as applicable, may, by written request to the Agent, extend
21
the Punchlist Deadline by up to three (3) additional months upon the Agent’s written approval, not to be unreasonably withheld,conditioned
 or delayed. On such Payment Date following the Punchlist Deadline, the Agent shall distribute such returned amountsratably to the Credit Lenders, the Mortgage Lenders and the Lessor in accordance with Section 8.7(b)(vi).
SECTION 5A. 
LESSOR ADVANCE
5A.1     
Procedure for Lessor Advance . (a)
    Upon receipt from the Construction Agent by the Agent of a Requisition pursuant to Section 4.2, and subject tothe
 terms and conditions of this Agreement, the Lessor shall make an Advance in favor of the Construction Agent under theLessor
 Commitment equal to five percent (5%) of the amount requested in such Requisition on the applicable Closing Dateor on the date for any Construction Advance. The Lessor Advance shall accrue yield at the Lessor Yield from time to time.
(b)
    To the extent that, subject to Sections 9.1(d) and 9.2(d), the Lessor shall have elected to terminate or reduce theamount
 of the Credit Loan Commitments or the Mortgage Loan Commitments pursuant to Section 2.5(a) of the applicableLoan Agreement, a pro rata election shall be deemed to have been made with respect to the Lessor Commit
ment. On any dateon
 which the Credit Loan Commitments or the Mortgage Loan Commitments shall be reduced to zero (0) as a result of aCredit
 Loan Event of Default, a Mortgage Loan Event of Default or otherwise, as the case may be, the Lessor Commitmentshall automatically be reduced to zero (0).
5A.2     
Lessor Yield . (a)
    The Lessor Advance shall bear yield calculated at the rate of Lessor Yield applicable from time to time. Subjectto
 Section 5.1(b), the Lessee shall pay as Basic Rent to the Agent for distribution to the Lessor the Lessor Yield in arrears oneach Scheduled Payment Date or as otherwise provided herein or in Section 8.7 of this Agreement.
(b)
    If all or a portion of Lessor Yield shall not be received by the Agent for distribution to the Lessor when due(whether
 at the stated maturity, by acceleration or otherwise), such overdue amount shall, without limiting the rights of theLessor
 hereunder or under any other Operative Agreement, bear interest at the Lessor Overdue Rate, in each case from thedate
 of nonpayment until paid (whether after or before judgment) and shall be paid upon demand. Upon the occurrence andduring
 the  continuance  of  any  Lease  Event  of  Default  or  Agency  Agreement  Event  of  Default,  Lessor  Yield  shall,  at  theoption of the Lessor, be calculated at the Lessor Overdue Rate.
5A.3     
Scheduled Return of Lessor Advance . Subject
 to the limitations on the Lessee’s payment obligations in connection with an election of the Sale Option under theLease, the outstanding amount of the Lessor Advance shall be due in
22
full on the Expiration Date. On the Expiration Date, subject to the terms of this Agreement and the Lease, the Agent on behalf of theLessor
 shall  receive  from  the  Lessee  under  the  Lease  the  outstanding  amount  of  the  Lessor  Advance  then  due,  together  with  allaccrued but unpaid Lessor Yield and all other amounts due to Lessor under the Operative Agreements.
5A.4     
Early Return of Lessor Advance . (a)    Subject to
 Sections 11.2(e), 11.3 and 11.4 of this Agreement and further subject to corresponding and concurrentprepayment
 of the Credit Loans and the Mortgage Loans pursuant to Section 2.6(a) of the Credit Loan Agreement and theMortgage
 Loan Agreement and Section 5.22 of the Participation Agreement, respectively, the Lessor Advance may at anytime
 and  from  time  to  time  be  prepaid  by  the  Lessee  as  a  payment  of  Supplemental  Rent,  in  whole  or  in  part,  withoutpremium
 or  penalty,  upon  at  least  three  (3)  Business  Days’  irrevocable  notice  to  the  Agent,  on  behalf  of  the  Lessor,specifying
 the date and amount of prepayment of the Lessor Advance. Upon receipt of such notice, the Agent shall promptlynotify
 the Lessor thereof. If such notice is given, the amount of the Lessor Advance specified in such notice shall be due andpayable
 on the date specified therein, together with all accrued but unpaid Lessor Yield and all other amounts due to Lessorunder
 the  Operative  Agreements.  Amounts  of  the  Lessor  Advance  prepaid  shall  permanently  decrease  the  LessorCommitment
 and  the  Available  Lessor  Commitment,  and  such  amounts  may  not  be  readvanced.  Notwithstanding  theforegoing, (i) amounts so prepaid in
 favor of the Lessor must be distributed in accordance with Section 8.7 of this Agreementand
 (ii) there shall be no such prepayment of the Credit Loans or the Mortgage Loans in connection with the prepayment ofthe Lessor Advance pursuant to this Section 5A.4(a) made with regard to any Lessor Basic Rent Adjustment.
(b)    If on any date
 the Agent or the Lessor shall receive any payment in respect of (i) any Casualty, Condemnation orEnvironmental
 Violation  pursuant  to  Section  15.1(a)  or  15.1(g)  or  Article  XVI  of  the  Lease  (excluding  any  payments  inrespect
 thereof which are payable to Lessee in accordance with the Lease), or (ii) the Termination Value in connection withthe
 delivery of a Termination Notice pursuant to Article XVI of the Lease, or (iii) the Termination Value of the Property orsuch
 other applicable  amount in connection  with the exercise of a Purchase Option under Article XX of the Lease or theexercise
 of the option of the Lessor to transfer the Property to the Lessee pursuant to Section 20.3 of the Lease or (iv) anyother
 payment required to be made or elected to be made by the Construction Agent or the Lessee to the Lessor pursuant tothe
 terms of the Agency Agreement or the Lease, then in each case, the Agent or the Lessor shall receive such payment to bedistributed in accordance with Section 8.7 of this Agreement.
(c)
    Upon the occurrence of any Agency Agreement Event of Default or any Lease Event of Default, the obligationto
 repay the Lessor Advances shall automatically accelerate and such shall be due and payable in full, together with accruedbut unpaid Lessor Yield thereon and all other amounts owing to the Lessor under the Operative Agreements.
23
5A.5     Computation of Lessor Yield . (a)
    Lessor Yield shall be calculated on the basis of a year of three hundred sixty (360) days for the actual dayselapsed.
(b)
    Pursuant to Section 12.12 of this Agreement, the calculation of Lessor Yield under this Section 5A.5 shall bemade
 by  the  Agent.  Each  determination  of  Lessor  Yield  by  the  Agent  shall  be  conclusive  and  binding  in  the  absence  ofmanifest error.
(c)
    If the LIBOR Rate cannot be determined  by the Agent in the manner specified in the definition of the term“Lessor
 Yield”, then commencing on the Scheduled Interest Payment Date next occurring and continuing until such time assuch
 LIBOR Rate can be determined by the Agent in the manner specified in the definition of such term, the outstandingLessor Advance shall bear a yield at the ABR.
Section 6. 
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES.
6.1
Representations and Warranties of Each Credit Party . Effective
 as  of  the  Closing  Date,  the  date  of  each  Advance  and  the  Rent  Commencement  Date  (except  to  the  extent  anyrepresentation
 and  warranty  is  otherwise  specifically  limited  to  one  or  more  specific  dates),  each  Credit  Party  represents  andwarrants to each of the other parties hereto that:
24
(a)      Upon the execution and delivery of the Lease, (i) the Lessee will have unconditionally accepted the Propertyand
 will have a valid leasehold  interest in the Property,  subject only to Permitted  Liens, and (ii) no offset will exist withrespect to Rent or other sums payable under the Lease;
(b) 
     (i)    The Security Documents create, as security for the Secured Obligations, valid and enforceable securityinterests
 in, and Liens on, all of the Collateral, subject only to Permitted Liens, in favor of the Agent, for the benefit of theSecured
 Parties. Upon recordation of the Mortgage Instrument in the real estate recording office in the county or parish inwhich
 the Property is located, the Lien created by the Mortgage Instrument in the real property described therein shall be aperfected
 first  priority  deed  of  trust  on  Lessee’s  interest  in  the  Property  and  a  perfected  first  priority  leasehold  estate  inLessor’s leasehold interest in the Property pursuant to the Ground Lease, in each case subject only to Permitted Liens in favor
of
 the Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties. To the extent that the security interests in the portion of the Collateralcomprised
 of  personal  property  can  be  perfected  by  filing  in  the  filing  office  in  the  state  where  the  Lessee  is  located  forpurposes
 of the UCC, upon filing of the Lender Financing Statements in such filing offices, the security interests created bythe
 Security Agreement shall be perfected first priority security interests (subject only to Permitted Liens) in such personalproperty in favor of the Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties; and
(ii)    The Lease creates, as security for the obligations of the Lessee under the Lease, valid and enforceable
security interests in, and Liens on, the Property, subject only to Permitted Liens, in favor of the Lessor. Upon
recordation of the memorandum of the Lease (or a short form lease) and the memorandum of a Ground Lease (or a
short form lease) in the real estate recording office in the real estate recording office in the county or parish in which
the Property is located, the Lien created by the Lease in the real property described therein (or, in the case of a
Ground Lease, on the leasehold estate under such Ground Lease) shall be a perfected first priority lien on the Property
subject only to Permitted Liens in favor of the Lessor, which rights pursuant to the Lessor Financing Statements are
assigned to the Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties. To the extent that the security interests in the portion of
the Property comprised of personal property can be perfected by the filing in the filing office in the state where the
Lessee is located for purposes of the UCC, upon filing of the Lessor Financing Statements in such filing offices, a
security interest created by the Lease shall be a perfected first priority security interests (subject only to Permitted
Liens) in such personal property in favor of the Lessor, which rights pursuant to the Lessor Financing Statements are
assigned to the Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties.
(c) 
     The Plans and Specifications will be prepared prior to the commencement of construction in accordance with allapplicable
 Legal Requirements (including all applicable Environmental Laws and building, planning, zoning and fire codes),except to the extent the failure to comply therewith, individually or in the aggregate, shall not have
25
and  would  not  reasonably  be  expected  to  have  a  Material  Adverse  Effect.  Upon  completion  of  the  Improvements  inaccordance
 with the Plans and Specifications, such Improvements will be within any building restriction lines and will notencroach
 in any manner onto any adjoining land (except as permitted by express written easements or those encroachmentswhich have been approved by the Agent).
(d) 
     To the best of the knowledge of the Credit Parties, all written information and written materials which havebeen
 prepared and provided by the Credit Parties to (i) an Appraiser in connection with an Appraisal are true and accurate inall
 material respects on the date as of which such written information and written materials are dated or certified, except forsuch
 inaccuracies or misstatements which would not have a Material Adverse Effect, and are not incomplete by omitting tostate
 any material fact necessary to make such information  (taken as a whole) not misleading  at such time in light of thecircumstances
 under  which  such  information  was  provided  and  (ii)  the  Lessor  with  respect  to  the  Property  is  true  andaccurate
 on  the  date  as  of  which  such  written  information  and  materials  are  dated  or  certified,  except  such  as  would  notreasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.
(e) 
     Nothing  contained  in  Section  11  limits  any  payment  obligations  to  additional  insureds  or  loss  payees  withrespect
 to any insurance policies required to be maintained by the Lessee pursuant to Article XIV of the Lease and amountspayable
 under such insurance policies to or for the benefit of such additional insureds or loss payees are not limited by theprovisions of Section 5.4 of the Agency Agreement.
(f) 
     The location of the Construction Agent and the Lessee for purposes of the UCC is the State of Delaware and,respecting
 the Construction Agent and the Lessee, its principal place of business, chief executive office and office where thedocuments,
 accounts  and  records  related  to  the  transactions  contemplated  by  this  Agreement  and  each  other  OperativeAgreement are located at 2701 San Tomas Expressway, Santa Clara, California 95050.
(g) 
     The  Property  is  a  Permitted  Facility  which  consists  of  (i)  unimproved  Land,  (ii)  Land  and  existingImprovements
 thereon which Improvements are either suitable for occupancy at the time of acquisition or ground leasing orwill be renovated and/or modified in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, and/or (iii) Equipment.
(h) 
     The Lessor will have a valid ground leasehold interest enforceable against the Lessee in accordance with theterms of the Ground Lease, subject only to Permitted Liens.
(i) 
     The  Property  complies  with  all  Insurance  Requirements  and  all  standards  of  Lessee  with  respect  to  similarproperties owned by the Lessee or Subsidiaries (direct or indirect) or Affiliates of the Lessee.
(j) 
     The Property complies with all Legal Requirements as of such date (including all zoning and land use laws andEnvironmental Laws), except to the extent that failure to
26
comply therewith, individually or in the aggregate, shall not have and would not reasonably be expected to have a MaterialAdverse Effect
 and there is not and has not been any Environmental Condition at the Property, except as shall not and wouldnot reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.
(k) 
     All  utility  services  and facilities  necessary  for  the  construction  and  operation  of the  Improvements  and  theinstallation
 and operation of the Equipment regarding the Property (including gas, electrical, water and sewage services andfacilities)
 are  available  at  the  Land  and  vehicular  access  to  the  Improvements  is  provided  by  either  public  right  of  wayabutting
 the  Property  or  Appurtenant  Rights,  except  to  the  extent  that  the  non-availability  of  such  utility  services  andfacilities
 does not have and would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, and will be constructedprior to the Completion Date.
(l) 
     The acquisition, installation and testing of the Equipment (if any) and construction of the Improvements (if any)to
 such date shall have been performed in a good and workmanlike manner, substantially in accordance with the Plans andSpecifications,
 except to the extent that the failure of such performance does not have and would not reasonably be expectedto have a Material Adverse Effect.
(m) 
     The rental rates under the Ground Lease are not in excess of fair market rental value.(n) 
     The Land included in the Property in respect of which an Advance is being requested is a separate parcel for allreal estate tax and assessment purposes, and no part of the Land is aggregated with any other parcel for such purposes.
(o) 
     As  of  the  Closing  Date  and  the  date  of  each  subsequent  Advance,  the  amount  of  any  Advance  then  beingrequested
 represents  an amount  previously  paid or otherwise  owed by the Construction  Agent  or the Lessee in respect ofProperty
 Costs incurred prior to the date of such Advance for which, in each case, the Construction Agent or the Lessee hasnot previously been reimbursed by an Advance.
(p) 
     As of the Rent Commencement Date only, (i) except with respect to the punch list items for which the PunchlistAdvance
 has been made, (A) the Property shall be improved in accordance with the Plans and Specifications in a good andworkmanlike manner and (B) shall be operational and (ii) a certificate of occupancy shall have been issued therefor.
(q) 
     As of the Closing Date, NVIDIA International Holdings Inc., which has its principal place of business in theState
 of  California,  is  not  required  by  Applicable  Law  to  register  to  do  business  in  the  State  of  California  because  suchcompany does not conduct intrastate business in such state.
6.1A     
Additional Representations and Warranties of Each Credit Party . 27
Effective  as  of  the  Closing  Date,  the  date  of  each  Advance  and  the  Rent  Commencement  Date  (except  to  the  extent  anyrepresentation
 and  warranty  is  otherwise  specifically  limited  to  one  or  more  specific  dates),  each  Credit  Party  represents  andwarrants to each of the other parties hereto that:
(
a )     Organization;  Powers .  The  Credit  Parties  are  duly  organized,  validly  existing  and  in  good  standing  (ifapplicable)
 under the laws of the jurisdiction of their organization, have all requisite power and authority to carry on theirbusiness
 as now conducted and, except where the failure to do so, individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably beexpected
 to result in a Material Adverse Effect, are qualified to do business and in good standing (if applicable) in everyjurisdiction where such qualification is required.
(
b)     Ownership .  Each Subsidiary of the Parent as of the Closing Date is listed on Schedule  6.1A(b) .  The MaterialDomestic
 Subsidiaries in existence as of the Closing Date are identified on Schedule 6.1A(b) ,  and each of them is a party tothis Agreement as a Guarantor.
(
c)     Authorization;  Enforceability .  The transactions contemplated by the Operative Agreements are within each ofthe
 Credit Parties corporate powers and have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate and, if required, stockholderaction.
 Each Operative Agreement to which any Credit Party is a party has been duly executed and delivered by each CreditParty
 party  thereto  and  constitutes  a legal,  valid  and  binding  obligation  of  each  Credit  Party  party  thereto,  enforceable  inaccordance
 with its terms, subject to applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or other laws affectingcreditors’
 rights generally and subject to general principles of equity, regardless of whether considered in a proceeding inequity or at law.
(d)     
Governmental Approvals; No Conflicts . The transactions contempla ted by the Operative Agreements (i) do notrequire
 any consent or approval of, registration or filing with, or any other action by, any Governmental Authority, exceptsuch
 as have been obtained or made and are in full force and effect, (ii) will not violate any applicable law or regulation orthe
 charter, by-laws or other organizational documents of the Credit Parties or any of their Subsidiaries or any order of anyGovernmental
 Authority, (iii) will not violate or result in a default under any indenture, material agreement or other materialinstrument
 binding upon the Credit Parties or any of their Subsidiaries or their assets, or give rise to a right thereunder torequire
 any payment to be made by the Credit Parties or any of their Subsidiaries, and (iv) will not result in the creation orimposition of any Lien on any assets of the Credit Parties or any of their Subsidiaries.
(e)     
Financial Condition; No Material Adverse Change . (i)    The Credit
 Parties have heretofore furnished to the Agent for delivery to the Lenders and the Lessor (A) acombined
 balance  sheet  and  statements  of  income,  stockholders’  equity  and  cash  flows  for  the  Parent  and  itsSubsidiaries
 as  of  and  for  the  fiscal  year  ended  January  31,  2016,  reported  on  by  PricewaterhouseCoopers  LLP,independent registered public accounting firm, and
28
(B) an unaudited combined balance sheet and statements of income, stockholders’ equity and cash flows as of and forthe
 period  ending  July  31,  2016.  Such  financial  statements  present  fairly,  in  all  material  respects,  the  financialposition
 and results of operations and cash flows of the Parent and its Subsidiaries as of such date and for such periodin accordance with GAAP.
(ii)
    Since January 31, 2016, there has been no material adverse change in the business, assets, operations orfinancial condition of the Credit Parties and their Subsidiaries, taken as a whole.
(f)     
Properties . (i)
    The Credit Parties and their Subsidiaries collectively have good title to, or valid leasehold interests in, allof
 their real property material to their business, except for defects in title that could not reasonably be expected toresult in a Material Adverse Effect.
(ii)
    The Credit Parties and their Subsidiaries collectively own, are licensed to use or have other rights withrespect to, all trademarks, tradenames, copyrights, patents, software, data, information technology systems, know-how
and other intellectual property and proprieta
ry information material to their business, and the use thereof by the CreditParties
 and their Subsidiaries does not infringe, misappropriate or violate the rights of any other Person, except, ineach case, as could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.
(g)     
Litigation and Environmental . (i)
    Except as disclosed in the Parent’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 31,2016, the
 quarterly reports on Form 10-Q or current reports on Form 8-K filed subsequent thereto but prior to the datethat is two Business Days prior to October
 7, 2016, or any amendment thereof filed subsequent thereto but prior to thedate
 that is two Business Days prior to October 7, 2016, there are no actions, suits or proceedings by or before anyarbitrator or
 Governmental Authority pending or, to the knowledge of the Credit Parties, threatened against the CreditParties
 (A) as to which there is a reasonable possibility of an adverse determination and that, if adversely determined,could
 reasonably  be  expected,  individually  or  in  the  aggregate,  to  result  in  a  Material  Adverse  Effect  or  (B)  thatinvolve
 the Operative Agreements, or the extensions of credit, the use of the proceeds thereof and the transactionscontemplated by the Operative Agreements.
(ii)
    Except as disclosed in the Parent’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 31,2016, the
 quarterly reports on Form 10-Q or current reports on Form 8-K filed subsequent thereto but prior to the datethat is two Business Days prior to October
 7, 2016, or any amendment thereof filed subsequent thereto but prior to thedate that is two Business Days prior to October 7, 2016, and except with respect to any other matters that, individually
or in the aggregate, could not
29
reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, none of the Credit Parties nor any of their DomesticSubsidiaries
 (A) has failed to comply with any Environmental Law or to obtain, maintain or comply with any permit,license
 or  other  approval  required  under  any  Environmental  Law,  (B)  has  become  subject  to  any  EnvironmentalLiability, or (C) has, to its knowledge, received notice of any Environmental Liability.
(
h)     Compliance  with Laws and Agreements .  None of the Credit Parties or any of their respective properties orassets is in violation of, nor will the continued operation of their properties and assets as currently conducted violate, any law,
rule
 or regulation or indenture, agreement or other instrument, or is in default with respect to any judgment, writ, injunction,decree
 or order of any Governmental Authority or indenture, agreement or other instrument, where such violation or defaultcould
 reasonably  be  expected  to  result  in  a  Material  Adverse  Effect.  No  Lease  Default  or  Lease  Event  of  Default  hasoccurred and is continuing.
(
i)     Investment  Company Status .  No Credit  Party  nor  any Subsidiary  thereof  is an “investment  company”  or acompany
 “controlled” by an “investment company” as defined in, or subject to regulation under, the Investment CompanyAct of 1940.
(
j)     Taxes .  Each of the Credit Parties and its Subsidiaries has timely filed or caused to be filed all tax returns andreports
 required by law to have been filed, and has paid or caused to be paid all taxes, levies, imposts, duties, deductions,charges
 or  withholdings  imposed  by  any  Governmental  Authority,  including  any  interest,  additions  to  tax  or  penaltiesapplicable
 thereto, in each case to the extent due and payable, except (a) any such taxes, levies, imposts, duties, deductions,charges
 or  withholdings  imposed  by  any  Governmental  Authority,  including  any  interest,  additions  to  tax  or  penaltiesapplicable
 thereto that are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and for which the Credit Party or suchSubsidiary,
 as applicable, has set aside on its books adequate reserves or (b) to the extent that the failure to do so could notreasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.
(
k)     ERISA .  Except as could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect (i) with respect toeach
 employee benefit plan as defined in Section 3(3) of ERISA, each of the Credit Parties and its ERISA Affiliates is incompliance
 with  the  applicable  provisions  of  ERISA  and  the  Code  and  the  regulations  and  published  interpretationsthereunder,
 and  (ii)  each  Foreign  Pension  Plan  is  in  compliance  with  all  requirements  of  law  applicable  thereto  and  therespective
 requirements of the governing documents for such plan. No ERISA Event has occurred or is reasonably expectedto occur that, when taken together with all other such ERISA Events for which liability is reasonably expected to occur, could
reasonably be
 expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. Any underfunding with respect to one or more Plans (based onthe
 assumptions used for purposes of ASC 715) as of the date hereof could not reasonably be expected, individually or in theaggregate, to result in a Material Adverse Effect.
30
(l)     Disclosure .  The written reports, financial statements, certificates or other written materials furnished by or onbehalf
 of the Credit Parties or any of their Subsidiaries  to the Financing  Parties in connection  with the negotiation  of theOperative Agreements or delivered hereunder or thereunder, taken as a
 whole together with all filings made with the SEC, donot
 contain any material misstatement of fact or omit to state any material fact necessary to make the statements therein, inthe light
 of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading as of the date made; provided that, with respect tothe
 projected  financial  information  and  other  forward-looking  information,  the  Credit  Parties  represent  only  that  suchinformation
 was prepared in good faith based upon assumptions believed to be reasonable at the time (it being understoodthat
 such projections and forecasts are subject to significant uncertainties and contingencies, and no assurances can be giventhat such projections or forecasts will be realized).
(m)     
Federal Reserve Regulations . (i)
    Neither the Credit Parties nor any of their Subsidiaries is engaged principally, or as one of its importantactivities,
 in the business of extending credit for the purpose of “purchasing” or “carrying” any margin stock (as eachsuch
 term is defined or used, directly or indirectly, in Regulation U of the Board of Governors of the Federal ReserveSystem).
(ii)
    No part of the proceeds of any extensions of credit or other Advances under the Operative Agreementswill
 be used, whether directly or indirectly, and whether immediately, incidentally or ultimately, for any purpose thatentails
 a  violation  of,  or  that  is  inconsistent  with,  the  provisions  of  the  Regulations  of  the  Board  of  Governors,including Regulation T, Regulation U
 and Regulation X. If required by law and requested by any Financing Party, theCredit
 Parties  will  furnish  to  each  Financing  Party  a  statement  to  the  foregoing  effect  in  conformity  with  therequirements of FR Form G-3 or FR Form U-1 referred to in Regulation U.
(
n)     Pari  Passu Status .  The obligations of the Credit Parties under the Operative Agreements rank, and will rank, atleast 
pari passu in priority of payment and in all other respects with all unsecured Indebtedness of the Credit Parties; provided ,
 notwithstanding the foregoing, with respect to all proceeds of any Collateral, the obligations of the Credit Parties under theOperative Agreements rank, and will rank, senior to all unsecured Indebtedness of the Credit Parties.
(o)     
Anti ‑Corruption Laws and Sanctions . The Credit Parties and their Subsidiaries have implem ented and continueto
 maintain in effect policies and procedures designed to promote compliance by the Credit Parties, their Subsidiaries andtheir
 respective directors, officers, employees and agents with Anti-Corruption Laws and applicable Sanctions. None of theCredit
 Parties  or  any  Subsidiary  of  the  Credit  Parties  or,  to  any  of  the  Credit  Party’s  knowledge,  any  of  their  respectivedirectors,
 officers, or employees, or any Credit Party agent, is a Sanctioned Person. The Credit Parties and their Subsidiariesand,
 to the knowledge of each of the Credit Parties, its and their respective directors, officers, employees and agents are incompliance with Anti-Corruption Laws and applicable
31
Sanctions  in  all  material  respects.  No  proceeds  of  any  extensions  of  credit  or  other  Advances  under  the  OperativeAgreements
 will be used directly, or to the knowledge of the Credit Parties, indirectly (a) for the purpose of financing theactivities
 or business of or with any Sanctioned Person or in any Sanctioned Country (unless, in each case, permissible for aPerson
 required to comply with Sanctions), or for the purpose of engaging in any activity in violation of Sanctions, or (b) infurtherance
 of an offer, payment, promise to pay, or authorization of the payment or giving of money or anything else ofvalue, to any Person in violation of any Anti-Corruption Laws.
(p)     
EEA Financial Institution . No Credit Party is an EEA Financial Institution. (
q)     Financial  Statements .  The audited financial statements for the Fiscal Year ending January 25, 2015 and theunaudited
 financial  statements  for  the  Fiscal  Quarter  ending  April  26,  2015  (excluding,  for  clarity,  the  projections)  arecomplete
 and  correct  and  fairly  present  on  a  Consolidated  basis  the  assets,  liabilities  and  financial  position  of  the  CreditParties
 and  their  Subsidiaries  as  of  such  dates,  and  the  results  of  the  operations  and  changes  of  financial  position  for  theperiods
 then  ended  (other  than  customary  year-end  adjustments  for  unaudited  financial  statements  and  the  absence  offootnotes
 from  unaudited  financial  statements).  All  such  financial  statements,  including  the  related  schedules  and  notesthereto,
 have been prepared in accordance with GAAP. Such financial statements show all Material Indebtedness and othermaterial
 liabilities, direct or contingent, of the Credit Parties and their Subsidiaries as of the date thereof, including materialliabilities
 for  taxes,  material  commitments,  and  Indebtedness,  in  each  case,  to  the  extent  required  to  be  disclosed  underGAAP.
(
r)     Perfection .  The Security Documents create valid security interests in, and Liens on, the Collateral purported tobe
 covered  thereby,  which  security  interests  and  Liens  are,  or  upon  the  execution  of  the  Security  Documents  will  be,currently perfected security interests and Liens, prior to all other Liens other than Permitted Liens.
6.2
Representations and Warranties of the Lessor . Effective
 as of each Closing Date, the date of each Advance and the Rent Commencement Date (except to the extent anyrepresentation
 and warranty is otherwise specifically limited to one or more specific dates), the Lessor represents and warrants toeach of the other parties hereto that:
(a) 
     It is a Delaware corporation duly organized, validly existing and in good standing in the State of Delaware andthe
 jurisdiction in which the Property is located and has the power and authority to enter into and perform its obligationsunder
 each of the Operative Agreements to which it is or will be a party and each other agreement, instrument and documentto
 be  executed  and  delivered  by  it  on  or  before  the  Closing  Date  and  each  other  Closing  Date  in  connection  with  or  ascontemplated by each such Operative Agreement to which it is, or as the case may be, will be a party;
(b) 
     The execution, delivery and performance of each Operative Agreement to which it is or will be a party has beenduly authorized by all necessary action on its part and
32
neither the execution and delivery thereof, nor the consummation of the transactions contemplated thereby, nor complianceby
 it with any of the terms and provisions thereof (i) does or will require any approval or consent of any holder of any of itsindebtedness or
 obligations or any other consent or approval by any Person that has not previously been obtained, (ii) does orwill
 contravene  any  Legal  Requirement,  (iii)  does  or  will  contravene  or  result  in  any  breach  of  or  constitute  any  defaultunder,
 or result in the creation of any lien upon any of its property (except for the Liens created expressly pursuant to theSecurity
 Documents)  under  (A)  its  articles  of  organization  or  other  formation  documents  or  (B)  any  other  agreement  orinstrument to which it is a property or by which it or its properties may be bound or affected;
(c) 
     This Agreement and the other Operative Agreements to which it is or, as the case may be, will be a party, havebeen
 or on or before the applicable Closing Date, will be, duly executed and delivered by the Lessor and constitute, or uponexecution and delivery will
 constitute, a legal, valid and binding obligation enforceable against the Lessor in accordance withthe
 terms thereof, subject to bankruptcy, insolvency, moratorium and similar laws affecting creditors’ rights generally andgeneral principles of equity (regardless of whether considered in a proceeding at law or in equity);
(d) 
     There is no action or proceeding pending or, to its knowledge, threatened to which it is or will be a party beforeany
 Governmental  Authority that, if adversely determined,  would materially and adversely affect its ability to perform itsobligations
 under the Operative Agreements to which it is a party or would question the validity or enforceability of any ofthe Operative Agreements to which it is or will become a party;
(e) 
     It has not assumed or transferred any of its right, title or interest in or under the Agency Agreement, the Lease orits interest in the Property or any portion thereof, except in accordance with the Operative Agreements;
(f) 
     No Lease Default or Lease Event of Default has occurred and is continuing;(g) 
     Except as otherwise expressly contemplated by the Operative Agreements, the proceeds of the Credit Loans, theMortgage Loans
 and the Lessor Advances shall not be applied by the Lessor for any purpose other than Property AcquisitionCosts,
 costs  incurred  to  permit  the  acquisition,  testing,  engineering,  installation,  development,  construction,  modification,design,
 and renovation, as applicable, of the Property (or components thereof) in accordance with the terms of the AgencyAgreement
 and the other Operative Agreements (including construction of the Improvements and acquisition and installationof the Equipment), in each case, which accrue prior to the Rent Commencement Date;
(h) 
     Neither the Lessor nor any Person authorized by the Lessor to act on its behalf has offered, the Credit Notes, theMortgage
 Notes or any other security relating to the Property, or any security the offering of which for the purposes of theSecurities
 Act  would  be  deemed  to  be  part  of  the  same  offering  as  the  offering  of  the  aforementioned  securities  to,  orsolicited any offer to acquire any of the
 same from, any Person, other than in the case of the Credit Notes, the Credit Lenders;and in the case of the Mortgage Notes, the Mortgage
33
Lenders, and neither the Lessor nor any Person authorized by the Lessor to act on its behalf will take any action which wouldsubject, as a
 direct result of such action alone, the issuance or sale of any of the aforementioned securities to the provisions ofSection
 5 of the Securities Act or require the qualification of any Operative Agreement under the Trust Indenture Act of1939, as amended;
(i) 
     The location of the Lessor for purpose of the UCC is the State of Delaware, and the Lessor’s principal place ofbusiness,
 chief  executive  office  and  office  where  the  documents,  accounts  and  records  relating  to  the  transactionscontemplated
 by  this  Agreement  and  each  other  Operative  Agreement  are  kept  are  located  at  550  South  Tryon  Street,Charlotte, NC 28202;
(j) 
     The Lessor is not engaged principally in, and does not have as one (1) of its important activities, the business ofextending
 credit  for  the  purpose  of  purchasing  or  carrying  any  margin  stock  (within  the  meaning  of  Regulation  U  of  theBoard of
 Governors of the Federal Reserve System of the United States), and no part of the proceeds of the Credit Loans, theMortgage Loans or
 the Lessor Advances will be used by it to purchase or carry any margin stock or to extend credit to othersfor
 the purpose of purchasing or carrying any such margin stock or for any purpose that violates, or is inconsistent with, theprovisions of Regulations  T, U, or X of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System of the United States;
(k) 
     The Lessor is not an “investment company” or a company controlled by an “investment company” within themeaning of the Investment Company Act; and
(l) 
     The Property is free and clear of all Lessor Liens attributable to the Lessor.SECTION 6B. 
GUARANTY
6B.1     
Guaranty of Payment and Performance.Subject
 to Section 6B.7, the Guarantors hereby unconditionally guarantee to each Financing Party and each Hedge Bank theprompt
 payment  and  performance  of  the  Guaranteed  Obligations  in  full  when  due  (whether  at  stated  maturity,  as  a  mandatoryprepayment,
 by acceleration or otherwise) or when such is otherwise to be performed; provided ,  notwithstanding the foregoing, theobligations
 of the Guarantors under this Section 6B shall not constitute a direct guaranty of the obligations of the Lessor evidencedby
 the  Credit  Notes  or  the  Mortgage  Notes  but  rather  a  guaranty  of  the  Guaranteed  Obligations  arising  under  the  OperativeAgreements and Secured Hedge
 Agreements. This Section 6B is a guaranty of payment and performance and not of collection and isa continuing guaranty and shall apply to all Guaranteed Obligations whenever arising.
6B.2     
Obligations Unconditional . The
 Guarantors  agree  that  the  obligations  of  the  Guarantors  hereunder  are  joint  and  several,  absolute  and  unconditional,irrespective of the value, genuineness, validity, regularity or
34
enforceability of any of the Operative Agreements, any of the Secured Hedge Agreements or any other agreement or instrumentreferred
 to  therein,  or  any  substitution,  release  or  exchange  of  any  other  guarantee  of  or  security  for  any  of  the  GuaranteedObligations,
 and, to the fullest extent permitted by Applicable Law, irrespective of any other circumstance whatsoever which mightotherwise
 constitute a legal or equitable discharge or defense of a surety, guarantor or co-obligor, it being the intent of this Section6B.2
 that  the  obligations  of  the  Guarantors  hereunder  shall  be  absolute  and  unconditional  under  any  and  all  circumstances.  TheGuarantors
 agree that this Section 6B may be enforced by any Financing Party or any Hedge Bank without the necessity at any timeof
 resorting to or exhausting any other security or collateral and without the necessity at any time of having recourse to the CreditNotes,
 the Mortgage Notes or any other of the Operative Agreements (in the case of the Financing Parties) or any of the SecuredHedge
 Agreements  (in  the  case  of  the  Hedge  Banks)  or  any  collateral,  if  any,  hereafter  securing  the  Guaranteed  Obligations  orotherwise
 and the Guarantors hereby waive the right to require the Financing Parties and the Hedge Banks to proceed against theConstruction
 Agent,  the  Lessee  or  any  other  Person  (including  a  co-guarantor)  or  to  require  the  Financing  Parties  or  the  HedgeBanks
 to  pursue  any  other  remedy  or  enforce  any  other  right.  Each  Guarantor  hereby  waives  any  and  all  right  of  subrogation,indemnity,
 reimbursement  or  contribution  against  the  Construction  Agent,  the  Lessee  or  any  other  guarantor  of  the  GuaranteedObligations
 for  amounts  paid  under  this  Section  6B  until  such  time  as  the  Mortgage  Loans,  the  Credit  Loans,  Lessor  Advances,accrued
 but unpaid interest, accrued but unpaid Lessor Yield and all other amounts owing under the Operative Agreements (in thecase
 of the Financing Parties) and all amounts owing under the Secured Hedge Agreements (in the case of the Hedge Banks) havebeen paid
 in full. Without limiting the generality of the waiver provisions of this Section 6B, the Guarantors hereby waive any rightsto
 require the Financing Parties or the Hedge Banks to proceed against the Construction Agent, the Lessee or any co-guarantor or torequire
 Lessor  to  pursue  any  other  remedy  or  enforce  any  other  right,  including  any  and  all  rights  under  N.C.  Gen.  Stat.  §  26-7through
 26-9,  or  any  similar statute. Additionally,  the  Guarantors hereby  waive any  rights  and  defenses  that  are  or  may  becomeavailable
 to any of them by reason of §§ 2787 to 2855, inclusive, and §§ 2899 and 3433 of the California Civil Code. The foregoingwaivers
 and  the  provisions  otherwise  set  forth  in  this  Section  6B  which  pertain  to  North  Carolina  law  or  to  California  law  areincluded solely out of an abundance of caution, and
 shall not be construed to mean that any such provisions of North Carolina law orCalifornia law are
 in any way applicable to this Section 6B or the Guaranteed Obligations. The Guarantors further agree that nothingcontained
 in this Section 6B shall prevent the Financing Parties from suing on any Operative Agreement, the Hedge Banks fromsuing on any Secured Hedge Agreement or the Financing Parties from foreclosing any security interest in or Lien on any collateral, if
any,
 securing the Guaranteed Obligations or from exercising any other rights available to the Financing Parties under any OperativeAgreement or available to the Hedge 
Banks under any Secured Hedge Agreement, or any other instrument of security, if any, and theexercise
 of  any  of  the  aforesaid  rights  and  the  completion  of  any  foreclosure  proceedings  shall  not  constitute  a  discharge  of  theobligations
 of  the  Guarantors  hereunder;  it being  the  purpose  and  intent  of  the  Guarantors  that  the  obligations  of  the  Guarantorshereunder
 shall be absolute, independent and unconditional under any and all circumstances; provided ,  that any amounts due underthis
 Section 6B which are paid to or for the benefit of (a) any Financing Party shall reduce the Guaranteed Obligations regarding theOperative
 Agreements by a corresponding amount (unless required to be rescinded at a later date) and (b) any Hedge Bank shallreduce the Guaranteed Obligations regarding the Secured Hedge Agreements by a corresponding amount
35
(unless required to be rescinded at a later date). Neither the obligations of the Guarantors under this Section 6B nor any remedy forthe enforcement
 thereof shall be impaired, modified, changed or released in any manner whatsoever by an impairment, modification,change,
 release  or  limitation  of  the  liability  of any  other  Credit  Party  or by  reason  of  the  bankruptcy  or insolvency  of any  otherCredit
 Party.  The  Guarantors  waive  any  and  all  notice  of  the  creation,  renewal,  extension  or  accrual  of  any  of  the  GuaranteedObligations
 and notice of or proof of reliance by any Financing Party or Hedge Bank upon this Section 6B or acceptance of thisSection
 6B.  The  Guaranteed  Obligations  shall  conclusively  be  deemed  to  have  been  created,  contracted  or  incurred,  or  renewed,extended,
 amended or waived, in reliance upon this Section 6B. All dealings between the Credit Parties, on the one hand, and theFinancing Parties or
 the Hedge Banks, on the other hand, likewise shall be conclusively presumed to have been had or consummatedin reliance upon this Section 6B.
6B.3     
Modifications . The Guarantors agree that
 (a) all or any part of the security now or hereafter held for the Guaranteed Obligations, if any, maybe
 exchanged, compromised or surrendered from time to time; (b) no Financing Party or Hedge Bank shall have any obligation toprotect,
 perfect, secure or insure any such security interests, liens or encumbrances now or hereafter held, if any, for the GuaranteedObligations
 or the properties subject thereto; (c) the time or place of payment of the Guaranteed Obligations may be changed orextended,
 in  whole  or  in  part,  to  a  time  certain  or  otherwise,  and  may  be  renewed  or  accelerated,  in  whole  or  in  part;  (d)  theConstruction
 Agent,  the  Lessee  and  any  other  party  liable  for  payment  under  the  Operative  Agreements  or  the  Secured  HedgeAgreements
 may be granted indulgences generally; (e) any of the provisions of the Credit Notes, the Mortgage Notes, any of theother Operative Agreements or any of
 the Secured Hedge Agreements may be modified, amended or waived; (f) any party (includingany
 co-guarantor) liable for the payment thereof may be granted indulgences or be released; and (g) any deposit balance for thecredit
 of the Construction Agent, the Lessee or any other party liable for the payment of the Guaranteed Obligations or liable uponany
 security  therefor  may  be  released,  in  whole  or  in  part,  at,  before  or  after  the  stated,  extended  or  accelerated  maturity  of  theGuaranteed
 Obligations, all without notice to or further assent by the Guarantor, which shall remain bound thereon, notwithstandingany such exchange, compromise, surrender, extension, renewal, acceleration, modification, indulgence or release.
6B.4     
Waiver of Rights . The Guarantors expressly waive to the fullest extent permitted by Applicable Law: (a) notice of acceptance of this Section 6B
by any
 Financing Party or any Hedge Bank and of all extensions of credit or other Advances by the Lessor, the Mortgage Lenders orthe
 Credit Lenders pursuant to the terms of the Operative Agreements or any other extension of rights in favor of any Credit Partypursuant
 to  the  Secured  Hedge  Agreements;  (b)  presentment  and  demand  for  payment  or  performance  of  any  of  the  GuaranteedObligations;
 (c)  protest  and  notice  of  dishonor  or  of  default  with  respect  to  the  Guaranteed  Obligations  or  with  respect  to  anysecurity
 therefor;  (d)  notice  of  any  Financing  Party  or  Hedge  Bank  obtaining,  amending,  substituting  for,  releasing,  waiving  ormodifying any
 security interest, lien or encumbrance, if any, hereafter securing the Guaranteed Obligations, or any Financing Party’sor Hedge Bank’s subordinating, compromising, discharging
36
or releasing such security interests, liens or encumbrances, if any; (e) all other notices to which the Guarantors might otherwise beentitled.
 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, (i) payments from the Guarantors hereunder shall be due two (2) BusinessDays
 after written demand by the Agent (in the case of Guaranteed Obligations relating to the Operative Agreements) and by anyHedge
 Bank  (in  the  case  of  Guaranteed  Obligations  relating  to  the  Secured  Hedge  Agreements)  for  such  payment  (unless  theGuaranteed
 Obligations  are  automatically  accelerated  pursuant  to  the  applicable  provisions  of  the  Operative  Agreements  or  theSecured
 Hedge Agreements, as applicable, in which case payments from the Guarantors shall be automatically due) and (ii) anymodification
 of the Operative Agreements or the Secured Hedge Agreements, as applicable, which has the effect of increasing theGuaranteed Obligations
 shall not be enforceable against the Guarantors unless the Guarantors execute the document evidencing suchmodification or
 otherwise reaffirms its guaranty in writing in connection with such modification and (f) the right to seek through anymeans to have the obligations of the Guarantors under this Section 6B adjudicated invalid or unenforceable.
6B.5     
Reinstatement . The
 obligations of the Guarantors under this Section 6B shall be automatically reinstated if and to the extent that for anyreason
 any  payment  by  or  on  behalf  of  any  Person  in  respect  of  the  Guaranteed  Obligations  is  rescinded  or  must  be  otherwiserestored
 by any holder of any of the Guaranteed Obligations, whether as a result of any proceedings in bankruptcy or reorganizationor otherwise, and the Guarantors agree that the Guarantors will indemnify each Financing Party and each Hedge Bank on demand for
all
 reasonable  costs  and  expenses  (including  reasonable  fees  of  counsel)  incurred  by  any  Financing  Party  or  any  Hedge  Bank  inconnection
 with  such  rescission  or  restoration,  including  any  such  costs  and  expenses  incurred  in  defending  against  any  claimalleging
 that  such  payment  constituted  a  preference,  fraudulent  transfer  or  similar  payment  under  any  bankruptcy,  insolvency  orsimilar law.
6B.6     
Remedies . The
 Guarantors agree that, as between the Guarantors, on the one hand, and each Financing Party or Hedge Bank, on theother
 hand, the Guaranteed Obligations may be declared to be forthwith due and payable as provided in the applicable provisions ofthe
 Operative Agreements (in the case of the Financing Parties) and in the applicable provisions of the Secured Hedge Agreements(in
 the case of the Hedge Banks) (and shall be deemed to have become automatically due and payable in the circumstances providedtherein)
 notwithstanding  any  stay,  injunction  or  other  prohibition  preventing  such  declaration  (or  preventing  such  GuaranteedObligations
 from becoming automatically due and payable) as against any other Person and that, in the event of such declaration (orsuch
 Guaranteed Obligations being deemed to have become automatically due and payable), such Guaranteed Obligations (whetheror
 not  due  and  payable  by  any  other  Person)  shall  forthwith  become  due  and  payable  by  the  Guarantors  in  accordance  with  theapplicable provisions of the Operative Agreements or the Secured Hedge Agreements.
6B.7     
Limitation of Guaranty . Notwithstanding
 any provision to the contrary contained herein or in any of the other Operative Agreements or in any of theSecured Hedge Agreements, to the extent the obligations of
37
the  Guarantors  shall  be  adjudicated  to  be  invalid  or  unenforceable  for  any  reason  (including  because  of  any  applicable  state  orfederal
 law relating to fraudulent conveyances or transfers) then the obligations of the Guarantors hereunder shall be limited to themaximum
 amount  that  is  permissible  under  Applicable  Law  (whether  federal  or  state  and  including  the  Bankruptcy  Code).  Thisparagraph shall not appl
y to NVIDIA Corporation or to any other Guarantor that is the direct or indirect owner of 100% of the equityinterest in the Lessee.
Subject
 to Section 6B.5, upon the indefeasible satisfaction of the Guaranteed Obligations in full, regardless of the source ofpayment,
 the  obligations  of  the  Guarantors  hereunder  shall  be  deemed  satisfied,  discharged  and  terminated  other  thanindemnifications set forth herein that expressly survive.
6B.8     
Payment of Amounts to the Agent . Each
 Financing Party hereby instructs (and each Hedge Bank is hereby deemed to have instructed) the Guarantors, and theGuarantors
 hereby acknowledge and agree, that (a) regarding the Operative Agreements, until such time as the Mortgage Loans, theCredit
 Loans and the Lessor Advances are paid in full and the Liens evidenced by the Security Documents have been released anyand
 all Rent (excluding Excepted Payments which shall be payable to the Lessor or other Person as appropriate) and any and allother
 amounts of any kind or type under any of the Operative Agreements due and owing or payable to any Person shall instead bepaid
 directly to the Agent (excluding Excepted Payments which shall be payable to the Lessor or other Person as appropriate) or asthe
 Agent may direct from time to time for allocation and distribution in accordance with the procedures set forth in Section 8.7hereof
 and  (b)  regarding  the  Secured  Hedge  Agreements,  all  payments  thereunder  shall  be  made  in  accordance  with  the  termsthereof.
6B.9     
Joinder of Guarantors . The
 Guarantors shall cause Material Domestic Subsidiaries (other than the Lessee) of the Parent, that are not parties to thisAgreement
 or have not previously executed a Guarantor Joinder in accordance with the requirements of this Agreement, to join thisAgreement pursuant
 to the execution of a Guarantor Joinder in the form of EXHIBIT G or in such  other form as is satisfactory to theAgent, in its commercially reasonable discretion and otherwise in accordance with Section 8.3A(j).
6B.10     
Additional Waivers and Provisions . (a)
    The  Guarantors  understand,  acknowledge  and  agree  that  if  the  Secured  Parties  foreclose  judicially  ornonjudicially
 against  any  real  property  security  for  the  Secured  Obligations  and/or  the  Guaranteed  Obligations,  thatforeclosure
 could impair or destroy any ability that any such Guarantor may have to seek reimbursement, contribution, orindemnification
 from  any  applicable  Person based on  any  right  such Guarantor  may  have  of  subrogation, reimbursement,contribution,
 or indemnification for any amounts paid by such Guarantor hereunder, including by reason of Sections 2787through
 2855 of the California Civil Code. The Guarantors further understand and acknowledge that in the absence of thisparagraph, such potential impairment or destruction of the Guarantors’ rights,
38
if any, may entitle the Guarantors, or any of them, to assert a defense to its guaranty obligations under this Section 6B basedon
 Section 580d of the California Code of Civil Procedure as interpreted in Union Bank v. Gradsky, 265 Cal. App. 2d 40(1968).
 By executing this Agreement, each Guarantor freely, irrevocably, and unconditionally: (i) waives and relinquishesthat defense
 and agrees that it will be fully liable under this Agreement even though the Secured Parties may foreclose, eitherby
 judicial  foreclosure  or  by  exercise  of  power  of  sale,  any  deed  of  trust  securing  the  Secured  Obligations  and/or  theGuaranteed
 Obligations; (ii) agrees that it will not assert that defense in any action or proceeding which the Secured Partiesmay
 commence  to  enforce  this  Section  6B;  (iii)  acknowledges  and  agrees  that  the  rights  and  defenses  waived  by  suchGuarantor in this
 Section 6B include any right or defense that it may have or be entitled to assert based upon or arising out ofany
 one or more of §§ 580a, 580b, 580d, or 726 of the California Code of Civil Procedure or § 2848 of the California CivilCode;
 and  (iv)  acknowledges  and  agrees  that  the  Secured  Parties  are  relying  on  this  waiver  in  creating  the  SecuredObligations
 and the Guaranteed Obligations, and that this waiver is a material part of the consideration which the SecuredParties are receiving for creating the Secured Obligations and the Guaranteed Obligations.
(b)  
  The Guarantors waive all rights and defenses that any of them may have because any of the Secured Obligationsor
 the  Guaranteed  Obligations  is  secured  by  real  property.  This  means,  among  other  things:  (i)  the  Secured  Parties  maycollect
 from any Guarantor without first foreclosing on any real or personal property collateral pledged by the Lessor or theLessee;
 and (ii) if the Secured Parties foreclose on any real property collateral pledged by the Lessor or the Lessee: (A) theamount of the Secured Obligations and
 the Guaranteed Obligations may be reduced only by the price for which that collateralis
 sold at the foreclosure sale, even if the collateral is worth more than the sale price, and (B) the Secured Parties may collectfrom
 any Guarantor even if the Secured Parties, by foreclosing on the real property collateral, have destroyed any right suchGuarantor
 may have to collect from the Lessor or the Lessee. This is an unconditional and irrevocable waiver of any rightsand
 defenses the Guarantors may have because any of the Secured Obligations or the Guaranteed Obligations is secured byreal
 property.  These  rights  and  defenses  include  any  rights  or  defenses  based  upon  §  580a,  580b,  580d,  or  726  of  theCalifornia Code of Civil Procedure.
(c)
    The Guarantors waive any right or defense any of them may have at law or equity, including California Code ofCivil Procedure § 580a, to a fair market value hearing or action to determine a deficiency judgment after a foreclosure.
6B.11     
Keepwell . Each
 Qualified  ECP  Guarantor  hereby  jointly  and  severally,  absolutely,  unconditionally  and  irrevocably  undertakes  toprovide
 such funds and other support as may be needed from time to time by each other Credit Party to honor all of its obligationsunder
 the guaranty evidenced by this Agreement and the other Operative Agreements in respect of Swap Obligations; provided , however 
, that each  Qualified ECP Guarantor shall only be liable under this Section 6B.11 for the maximum amount of such liabilitythat can be hereby incurred without rendering its obligations under this
39
Section 6B.11, or otherwise under this Agreement or any other Operative Agreement, voidable under Debtor Relief Laws and not forany
 greater  amount.  Subject  to  Section  6B.5  of  this  Agreement,  the  obligations  of  each  Qualified  ECP  Guarantor  under  thisSection
 6B.11 shall remain in full force and effect until all of the Guaranteed Obligations and all the obligations of the Guarantorsshall
 have  been  paid  in  full  in  cash  and  the  Credit  Loan  Commitments,  Mortgage  Loan  Commitments  and  Lessor  Commitmentsterminated.
 Each  Qualified  ECP  Guarantor  intends  that  this  Section  6B.11  constitute,  and  this  Section  6B.11  shall  be  deemed  toconstitute,
 a “keepwell, support or other agreement” for the benefit of each other Credit Party for all purposes of Section 1a(18)(A)(v)(II) of the Commodity Exchange Act.
6B.12     
Representations; Separateness . Each
 Guarantor represents, warrants and covenants that (a) it does not have and will not acquire any interest in the Propertyor
 any portion thereof, and (b) it will not merge or consolidate with the Construction Agent, the Lessee or the Lessor, and (c) it hasacted
 and  will  act  in  such  a  manner  that  ensures  that  the  separate  legal  separate  legal  identity  of  the  Lessee  will  be  respected,including
 without limitation acting in any manner that could foreseeably mislead others with respect to the Lessee’s separate legalidentity.
Section 7. 
PAYMENT OF CERTAIN EXPENSES.
7.1
Transaction Expenses . (a) 
     The Lessor and the Lenders agree on the Closing Date, to make Advances to pay all Transaction Expensesarising from the
 Closing Date, including all reasonable fees, expenses and disbursements of the various legal counsels for theLessee, the Lessor, the Credit 
Lenders, the Mortgage Lenders and the Agent in connection with the transactions contemplatedby the Operative Agreements and incurred in connection with the Closing Date, all fees, taxes and expenses for the recording,
registration
 and filing of such documents and in any event all such taxes, fees and other charges in connection with any andall
 UCC  financing  statements  and  fixture  filings  and  all  other  reasonable  fees,  expenses  and  disbursements  incurred  inconnection with the Closing Date. On the Closing Date, after satisfaction of the conditions precedent for such date, the Lessor
shall
 make a Lessor Advance, the Mortgage Lenders shall make Mortgage Loans and the Credit Lenders shall make CreditLoans
 to  pay  for  the  Transaction  Expenses  referenced  in  this  Section  7.1(a)  without  regard  to  whether  such  amounts  arereferenced in any Requisition.
(b) 
     Assuming no Lease Default or Lease Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, the Lessor and theLenders agree on the Closing Date, the date of each Construction Advance and on the Completion Date to pay all Transaction
Expenses
 including  all  Fees,  all  other  reasonable  fees,  expenses  and  disbursements  of  the  various  legal  counsels  for  theLessee, the Lessor, the Mortgage Lenders,
 the Credit Lenders and the Agent in connection with the transactions contemplatedby
 the Operative Agreements and billed in connection with the Closing Date, date of Construction Advance or CompletionDate, all amounts described in Section 7.1(a) of this Agreement which have not been previously paid,
40
all  fees,  expenses  and  disbursements  incurred  with  respect  to  the  various  items  referenced  in  Sections  5.3  and/or  5.4(including
 any premiums for title insurance policies and charges for any updates to such policies) and all other reasonablefees,
 expenses and disbursements in connection with the Closing Date, date of Construction Advance or Completion Date,including
 all expenses relating to and all fees, taxes and expenses for the recording, registration and filing of such documentsand
 in any event all such taxes, fees and other charges in connection with any and all UCC financing statements and fixturefilings.
 On the Closing Date, on the date of any Construction Advance and on the Completion Date, after satisfaction of theconditions
 precedent  for such date, the Lessor  shall make a Lessor  Advance,  the Mortgage  Lenders  shall make MortgageLoans
 and the Credit Lenders shall make Credit Loans to pay for the Transaction Expenses referenced in this Section 7.1(b)without regard to whether such amounts are referenced in any Requisition.
7.2
Fee Calculation . All
 fees payable pursuant to the Operative Agreements shall be calculated on the basis of a year of three hundred sixty (360)days for the actual days elapsed.
7.3
Certain Fees and Expenses . Subject
 to  Sections  7.1(a)  and  7.1(b),  the  Lessee  agrees  to  pay  or  cause  to  be  paid  (a)  all  reasonable  costs  and  expensesincurred
 by  the  Credit  Parties,  the  Agent,  the  Mortgage  Lenders,  the  Credit  Lenders  or  the  Lessor  in  entering  into  any  futureamendments,
 modifications,  supplements,  restatements  and/or  replacements  with  respect  to  any  of  the  Operative  Agreements,whether
 or  not  such  amendments,  modifications,  supplements,  restatements  and/or  replacements  are  ultimately  entered  into,  orgiving
 or  withholding  of  waivers  of  consents  hereto  or  thereto,  which  have  been  requested  by  the  Credit  Parties,  the  Agent,  theMortgage
 Lenders,  the  Credit  Lenders  or  the  Lessor,  (b)  all  reasonable  fees,  costs  and  expenses  (including  reasonable  fees  andexpenses of counsel) incurred by the Credit
 Parties, the Agent, the Mortgage Lenders, the Credit Lenders or the Lessor in connectionwith
 any exercise of remedies under any Operative Agreement following the occurrence and continuance of an Event of Default and(c)
 all reasonable fees, costs and expenses (including reasonable fees and expenses of counsel) incurred by the Credit Parties, theAgent,
 the Mortgage Lenders, the Credit Lenders or the Lessor in connection with (i) any transfer or conveyance of the Property,whether
 or not such transfer or conveyance is ultimately accomplished and (ii) the matters described in Section 2.7(b) of the CreditLoan Agreement and Section 2.7(b) of the Mortgage Loan Agreement.
7.4
Unused Fee . Subject
 to Sections 7.1(a) and 7.1(b), during the Commitment Period, the Lessee agrees to pay or to cause to be paid to theAgent
 monthly on the last Business Day of each calendar month or such other date as agreed with the Agent (a) for the account ofthe
 Credit  Lenders  an  unused  fee  (the  “ Credit  Lender  Unused  Fee ”),  calculated  as  the  Available  Credit  Loan  Commitmentmultiplied
 by the  Applicable  Percentage  allocated  by  the  Agent  ratably  among  the  Credit  Lenders  based  on  the  Available  CreditLoan
 Commitment  of  each  Credit  Lender;  (b)  for  the  account  of  the  Mortgage  Lenders  an  unused  fee  (the  “ Mortgage  LenderUnused Fee 
”) calculated as the Available Mortgage 41
Loan Commitment multiplied by the Applicable Percentage allocated by the Agent ratably among the Mortgage Lenders based onthe
 Available Mortgage Loan Commitment  of each Mortgage Lender; and (c) for the account of the Lessor an unused fee (the “Lessor
 Unused Fee ”),  calculated  as the  Available  Lessor  Commitment  multiplied  by the  Applicable  Percentage  allocated  by theAgent to the Lessor.
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Section 7.4:
(a) 
     No Defaulting Credit Lender shall be entitled to receive any Credit Lender Unused Fee for any period duringwhich that Credit Lender
 is a Defaulting Credit Lender (and the Lessee shall not be required to pay or to cause to be paid anysuch fee that otherwise would have been required to have been paid to that Defaulting Credit Lender).
(b) 
     No Defaulting Mortgage Lender shall be entitled to receive any Mortgage Lender Unused Fee for any periodduring
 which that Mortgage Lender is a Defaulting Mortgage Lender (and the Lessee shall not be required to pay or to causeto be paid any such fee that otherwise would have been required to have been paid to that Defaulting Mortgage Lender).
(c) 
     With respect to any Credit Lender Unused Fee required to be paid to any Defaulting Credit Lender pursuant toclause
 (a) above, the Borrower shall (i) pay to each Non-Defaulting Credit Lender that portion of any such fee otherwisepayable
 to the Defaulting Credit Lender with respect to the Defaulting Credit Lender’s Loans that have been reallocated to aNon-Defaulting
 Credit Lender pursuant to Section 2.3(c)(i)(C) of the Credit Loan Agreement, and (ii) not be required to paythe remaining amount of any such fee.
(d) 
     With respect to any Mortgage Lender Unused Fee not required to be paid to any Defaulting Mortgage Lenderpursuant to clause (b) above, the Borrower shal
l (i) pay to each Non-Defaulting Mortgage Lender that portion of any such feeotherwise payable to the Defaulting Mortgage
 Lender with respect to the Defaulting Mortgage Lender’s Loans that have beenreallocated
 to a Non-Defaulting Mortgage Lender pursuant to Section 2.3(c)(i)(C) of the Mortgage Loan Agreement, and (ii)not be required to pay the remaining amount of any such fee.
7.5
Upfront Fee . Subject to
 Section 7.1(a), on the Closing Date, the Lessee shall pay or cause to be paid to the Agent (a) for the account of theCredit Lenders
 an upfront fee (the “ Credit Lender  Upfront Fee ”),  (b) for the account of the Mortgage Lenders an upfront fee (the “Mortgage Lender Upfront Fee 
”) and (c) for the account of the Lessor an upfront fee (the “ Lessor Upfront Fee ”), in each case on the terms
 and  conditions  as  agreed  by  the  Agent,  the  Credit  Parties  and,  as  applicable,  each  Credit  Lender,  Mortgage  Lender  or  theLessor.
7.6
Administrative Agency Fee . 42
Subject to Sections 7.1(a) and 7.1(b), during the Commitment Period, the Lessee shall pay or cause to be paid to the Agent,for the
 account of the Agent, an administrative agency fee (the “ Administrative Agency Fee ”), on  the terms and conditions set forthin the Engagement Letter.
7.7
Structuring Fee . Subject to Section 7.1(a), on the 
Closing Date, the Lessee shall pay or cause to be paid a structuring fee (the “ Structuring Fee ”) to
 the Agent for the benefit of Wells Fargo Securities, LLC (for its individual account) on the terms and conditions set forth in theEngagement Letter.
Section 8. 
OTHER COVENANTS AND AGREEMENTS.
8.1
Cooperation with the Lessee . The
 Credit Lenders, the Mortgage Lenders, the Lessor and the Agent shall, at the expense of and to the extent reasonablyrequested
 by the Lessee (but without assuming additional liabilities on account thereof and only to the extent such is acceptable tothe
 Credit Lenders, the Mortgage Lenders, the Lessor and the Agent in their commercially reasonable discretion), cooperate with theLessee in connection with the Lessee satisfying its covenant obligations contained in the Operative Agreements including at any time
and
 from time to time, promptly and duly executing and delivering any and all such further instruments, documents and financingstatements (and continuation statements related thereto).
8.2
Covenants of the Lessor . The Lessor hereby agrees that so long as this Agreement is in effect:
(a) 
     The Lessor will not create or permit to exist at any time, and the Lessor will, at its own cost and expense,promptly
 take  such  action  as  may  be  necessary  duly  to  discharge,  or  to  cause  to  be  discharged,  all  Lessor  Liens  on  theProperty
 and the Collateral; provided , however ,  that the Lessor shall not be required to so discharge any such Lessor Lienwhile
 the same is being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings diligently prosecuted so long as such proceedingsshall
 not  materially  and  adversely  affect  the  rights  of  the  Lessee  under  the  Lease  and  the  other  Operative  Agreements  orinvolve
 any material danger of impairment of the Liens of the Security Documents or of the sale, forfeiture or loss of, andshall not interfere with the use or disposition of, the Property or title thereto or any interest therein or the payment of Rent;
(b) 
     The Lessor shall give prompt notice to the Lessee and the Agent if the Lessor’s location for purposes of theUCC
 shall cease to be in the State of Delaware or if the Lessor’s principal place of business, chief executive office or officewhere
 the records concerning the accounts or contract rights relating to the Property are kept, shall cease to be located at550 South Tryon Street, Charlotte, North Carolina 28202 or if it shall change its name; and
(c) 
     The Lessor shall take or refrain from taking such actions and grant or refrain from granting such approvals withrespect to the Operative Agreements and/or relating to
43
the Property in each case as directed in writing by the Agent in accordance with the Operative Agreements (until such time asthe
 Credit Notes and the Mortgage Notes are paid in full, and then as determined by the Lessor, but in all cases subject to theprovisions
 of  any  intercreditor  agreements  among  the  Credit  Lenders,  the  Mortgage  Lenders  and/or  the  Lessor)  or,  inconnection
 with  Sections  8.5,  9.1  and  9.2  hereof,  the  Construction  Agent  or  the  Lessee; provided , however ,  thatnotwithstanding
 the foregoing provisions of this subparagraph (c) the Lessor shall retain its right to approve or disapprove ofeach
 Unanimous Vote Matter or matters for which its consent is required pursuant to Section 8.6 in its sole discretion andwithout
 regard to any direction from any other Financing Party, any Credit Party or any other Person and the Lessor shallretain
 its rights in the Excepted Payments and any and all other rights expressly reserved by the Lessor under the OperativeAgreements.
(d) 
     The Lessor shall provide to the Lessee at least twenty (20) days following the end of each calendar quarter andat
 least forty‑ five (45) days following the end of each calendar year, a letter of the same tenor as the Lessor ConfirmationLetter; 
provided ,  that if there have been any changes to the factual matters set forth in the Lessor Confirmation Letter or thefinancial
 accounting standards referenced therein that bear on the conclusions set forth therein, such letter shall set forth theanalysis
 based on such changed factual matters or financial accounting  standards. The parties hereto agree that the CreditParties and their auditors are the sole beneficiaries of the matters addressed in this Section 8.2(d).
8.3
Credit Party Covenants, Consent and Acknowledgment . Until
 all the Obligations of the Lessee and/or the Construction Agent (other than contingent obligations not then due) havebeen paid and satisfied in full in cash and the covenants terminated, each Credit Party agrees as follows:
(a) 
     Each Credit Party acknowledges and agrees that the Lessor, pursuant to the terms and conditions of the SecurityDocuments,
 shall  create  Liens  respecting  collateral  described  therein  in  favor  of  the  Agent.  Each  Credit  Party  herebyirrevocably
 consents  to  the  creation,  perfection  and  maintenance  of  such  Liens.  Each  Credit  Party  shall,  to  the  extentreasonably
 requested by any of the other parties hereto, cooperate with the other parties in accordance with Section 12.11hereof.
(b) 
     The Lessor hereby instructs each Credit Party, and each Credit Party hereby acknowledges and agrees, that untilsuch
 time as the Credit Loans, the Mortgage Loans and the Lessor Advances are paid in full and the Liens evidenced by theSecurity
 Documents have been released (i) any and all Rent (excluding Excepted Payments which shall be payable to theLessor
 or  other  Person  as  appropriate)  and  any  and  all  other  amounts  of  any  kind  or  type  under  any  of  the  OperativeAgreements
 due  and  owing  or  payable  to  any  Person  shall  instead  be  paid  directly  to  the  Agent  (excluding  ExceptedPayments
 which shall be payable to the Lessor or other Person as appropriate) or as the Agent may direct from time to timefor
 allocation and distribution in accordance with the procedures set forth in Section 8.7 hereof, (ii) all rights of the Lessorunder
 the Lease (except in respect of Excepted Payments and as provided in Section 12.4) shall be exercised by the Agentand (iii) each Credit Party shall cause all notices, certificates, financial statements, communications and other
44
information which are delivered, or are required to be delivered, to the Lessor, to also be delivered at the same time to theAgent.
(c) 
     No Credit Party shall consent to or permit any amendment, supplement or other modification of the terms orprovisions of any Operative Agreement to which it is a party except in accordance with Section 12.4 of this Agreement.
(d) 
     From and after the Rent Commencement Date, the Lessee hereby covenants and agrees to reimburse the Agentfor any Appraisal or reappraisal (in form and substance satisfactory to the Agent and from an appraiser selected by the Agent)
to
 be issued respecting the Property as requested by the Agent from time to time (i) at each and every time as such shall berequired
 to satisfy any regulatory requirements imposed on the Agent, the Lessor, any Mortgage Lender and/or any CreditLender
 and  (ii)  after  the  occurrence  and  continuance  of  a  Lease  Event  of  Default.  To  the  extent  any  such  Appraisal  orreappraisal
 is deemed necessary by the Agent prior to the Rent Commencement Date, such shall be paid for as a TransactionExpense.
(e) 
     Each Credit Party hereby covenants and agrees that, except for amounts payable as Basic Rent, any and allpayment
 obligations owing from time to time under the Operative Agreements by any Person to any Financing Party or anyother
 Person  shall  (without  further  action)  be  deemed  to  be  Supplemental  Rent  obligations  payable  by  the  Lessee  andguaranteed
 by the Guarantors, which is subject to the funding requirements described in this Agreement prior to the RentCommencement Date. Without limitation, such obligations of the Credit Parties shall include the Transaction Expenses.
(f) 
     At any time the Lessor or the Agent is entitled under the Operative Agreements to possession of the Property orany
 component  thereof,  each  of  the  Construction  Agent  and  the  Lessee  hereby  covenants  and  agrees,  at  its  own  cost  andexpense, to assemble the Equipment and make
 the same available to the Agent (on behalf of the Lessor) at the Improvements.(g) 
     Each of the Construction Agent and the Lessee hereby covenants and agrees that (i) each Indemnified Personwill,
 at all times, be covered to the extent so provided in Article XIV of the Lease, as additional insured or loss payee, as thecase
 may be, under the insurance policies required to be maintained  by the Construction  Agent or the Lessee pursuant toSection
 2.6(e)  of  the  Agency  Agreement  and  Article  XIV  of  the  Lease,  or  pursuant  to  the  insurance  policies  that  theConstruction
 Agent or the Lessee requires any relevant contractor or subcontractor to carry, for any Claim arising out of theacts
 or omissions of any of the contractors or subcontractors of the Construction Agent or the Lessee and (ii) each insurancepolicy that
 is carried by the Construction Agent or the Lessee pursuant to the Agency Agreement or the Lease (A) shall at alltimes
 contain a waiver of subrogation clause pursuant to which the relevant insurers waive any and all rights to make anyclaim
 against  any  such  additional  insured  or  loss  payee  with  respect  to  any  payments  made,  or  any  obligation  of  suchinsureds
 under, any such policy and (B) shall at all times cover each such additional insured or loss payee for any and allClaims relating to the Property or the transactions contemplated by the Operative Agreements respecting the Property. The
45
Construction Agent and the Lessee will be liable to each such additional insured or loss payee, on a full recourse basis, forany breach of the foregoing covenants and agreements.
(h) 
     [Reserved].(i) 
     The Lessee hereby  covenants  and agrees  that it shall give prompt  notice  to the Agent if the location  of theLessee for
 purposes of the UCC shall cease to be in the State of Delaware or if the Lessee’s principal place of business, chiefexecutive
 office or office where the records concerning the account or contract rights relating to the Property are kept shallcease to be located at 2701 San Tomas Expressway, Santa Clara, California 95050 or if it shall change its name.
(j) 
     The Lessee hereby covenants and agrees that the rights of the Lessee under this Agreement and under the Leaseshall
 not impair or in any way diminish the obligations of the Construction Agent and/or the rights of the Lessor under theAgency Agreement.
(k) 
     [Reserved].(l) 
     The Lessee shall cause all financing statements and continuation statements and any other necessary documentscovering
 the right, title and interest of the Agent as agent for the Secured Parties with regard to the Collateral to be promptlyproduced,
 to be submitted to the Agent for review and after confirmation thereof by the Agent, to be filed for recordation insuch
 manner and in such places as may be required by law fully to preserve and protect the right, title and interest of theAgent
 as agent for the Secured Parties hereunder to all property comprising the Collateral. The Lessee shall deliver to theAgent
 file-stamped copies of, or filing receipts for, any document recorded, registered or filed as provided above, promptlyfollowing
 such  recording,  registration  or  filing.  The  Lessor  shall  cooperate  fully  with  the  Lessee  in  connection  with  theobligations
 of the Lessee set forth above and will execute or cause the execution (at the expense of the Lessee, which theLessee agrees to pay) of any and all documents commercially reasonably required to fulfill the intent of this Section 8.3(l).
(m) 
     The Lessee shall perform any and all obligations of Lessor under, and cause Lessor to otherwise remain in fullcompliance with, the terms and provisions of each Ground Lease, if any.
(n) 
     The Credit Parties shall not permit the Lessee to issue any Equity Interests unless such Equity Interests arepledged
 in  favor  of  the  Agent  pursuant  to  the  Pledge  Agreement  and  the  certificate  evidencing  such  Equity  Interests  isdelivered to
 the Agent with a blank membership interest power, all pursuant to documentation satisfactory to the Agent, in itscommercially reasonable discretion.
(o) 
     With regard to the Amended and Restated Operating Agreement of NVIDIA Land Development, LLC, dated asof June 2,
 2009, as amended by that certain First Amendment to the Amended and Restated Operating Agreement dated as ofJune 16, 2015, each of the foregoing by the Parent, as the sole member of the Lessee, the Credit Parties
46
shall not permit any amendment, modification, extension, supplement, restatement and/or replacement of such Agreement orsuch First
 Amendment, in each case to the extent relating to such First Amendment and/or the subject matter thereof, withoutthe consent of the Agent, to be given or withheld, in its commercially reasonable discretion.
8.3A
Additional Credit Party Affirmative Covenants . Until
 all the Obligations of the Lessee and/or the Construction Agent (other than contingent obligations not then due) havebeen paid and satisfied in full in cash and the covenants terminated, each Credit Party will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to:
(a)     
Financial Statements; Other Information . Furnish to the Agent for delivery to each Lender and the Lessor: (
i)     Annual  Financial Statements .  On or before the earlier of (A) the date by which the Annual Report onForm
 10-K of the Parent (without giving effect to any extension thereof) for each fiscal year is required to be filedunder
 the rules and regulations of the SEC and (B) 90 days after the end of such fiscal year, its audited consolidatedbalance
 sheet and related statements of operations, stockholders’ equity and cash flows as of the end of and for suchyear,
 setting  forth  in  each  case  in  comparative  form  the  figures  for  the  previous  fiscal  year,  all  reported  on  byPricewaterhouseCoopers
 LLP or other independent registered public accounting firm of recognized national standing(without
 a  “going  concern”  or  like  qualification  or  exception  and  without  any  qualification  or  exception  as  to  thescope
 of such audit) to the effect that such consolidated financial statements present fairly in all material respects thefinancial
 condition and results of operations of the Parent and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis in accordancewith GAAP consistently applied;
(ii)
     Quarterly  Financial Statements .  On or before the earlier of (A) the date by which the Quarterly Reporton
 Form 10-Q of the Parent for each of the first three fiscal quarters of each fiscal year is required to be filed underthe
 rules and regulations of the SEC (without giving effect to any extension thereof) and (B) 45 days after the end ofeach
 of  the  first  three  fiscal  quarters  of  such  fiscal  year,  its  consolidated  balance  sheet  and  related  statements  ofoperations,
 stockholders’  equity  and  cash  flows  as  of  the  end  of  and  for  such  fiscal  quarter  and  the  then  elapsedportion
 of the fiscal year, setting forth in each case in comparative form the figures for the corresponding period orperiods
 of (or, in the case of the balance sheet, as of the end of) the previous fiscal year, all certified by one of itsResponsible
 Officers as presenting fairly in all material respects the financial condition and results of operations ofthe
 Parent  and  its  Subsidiaries  on  a  consolidated  basis  in  accordance  with  GAAP  consistently  applied,  subject  tonormal year-end audit adjustments and the absence of footnotes;
(iii)
     Compliance  Certificate .  Not  later  than  the  date  by  which  financial  statements  are  required  to  bedelivered
 pursuant  to  clauses  8.3A(a)(i)  or  (ii),  a  certificate  signed  by  a  Responsible  Officer  of  the  Parent  (A)certifying as to whether
47
a Lease Default or a Lease Event of Default has occurred and, if a Lease Default or a Lease Event of Default hasoccurred,
 specifying  the  details  thereof  and  any  action  taken  or  proposed  to  be  taken  with  respect  thereto  and(B) setting forth reasonably detailed calculations demonstrating compliance with Section 8.3B(d); and
(iv) 
    Additional Information .  Promptly following any request therefor, such other information regarding theoperations,
 business  affairs  and  financial  condition  of  the  Credit  Parties,  or  compliance  with  the  terms  of  theOperative
 Agreements to which any Credit Party is a party or with the requirements of the USA Patriot Act or anyother
 “know your customer” or similar laws or regulations, as any Financing Party may reasonably request (it beingunderstood
 that the Credit Parties shall not be required to provide any information which is subject to confidentialityrestrictions,
 the  nature  of  which  prohibit  such  disclosure  notwithstanding  the  provisions  of  Section  12.13  hereof)provided 
that  (A)  such  confidentiality  restrictions  did  not  arise  pursuant  to  an  arrangement  entered  into  incontemplation
 of  the  Operative  Agreements,  (B)  the  provisions  of  this  parenthetical  shall  not  have  the  effect  oflimiting
 the representations and warranties contained in Section 6, (C) the Credit Parties shall inform the Agent thatthe
 Credit  Parties  are  withholding  information  pursuant  to  this  parenthetical  and  (D)  the  Credit  Parties  shall  usecommercially
 reasonable efforts to disclose such information in a manner that does not violate such confidentialityrestrictions.
The
 Credit Parties agree that the Agent may make information, documents and other materials that the Credit Parties are obligated todeliver
 to the Agent (“ Communications ”)  available to the Lenders by posting it on Intralinks or a substantially similar electronictransmission
 system,  access  to  which  is  controlled  by  the  Agent  (the  “ Platform ”).  Reports  required  to  be  delivered  pursuant  toclauses
 8.3A(a)(i) and (ii) shall be deemed to have been delivered on the date on which the Parent posts such reports on its website atwww.nvidia.com or
 when such reports are posted on the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov; provided that the Credit Parties shall deliver to
 the Agent, not later than the date on which financial statements are required to be delivered under clause 8.3A(a)(i) or (ii), thecertification of a Responsible Officer, as required by clause 8.3A(a)(iii).
(b)    [Reserved].
(
c)     Notices  of Material Events .  Promptly after a Responsible Officer or any other executive officer of the CreditParties
 becomes aware of the following, furnish to the Agent for delivery to each Lender and the Lessor written notice of thefollowing:
(i)
    the occurrence of any Lease Default or Lease Event of Default, specifying the nature and extent thereofand the corrective action (if any) taken or proposed to be taken with respect thereto;
(ii)    the filing or
 commencement of, or any written notice of intention of any Person to file or commence, anyaction,
 suit, proceeding or investigation, whether at law or in equity or by or before any arbitrator or GovernmentalAuthority,
 against  or  affecting  any  Credit  Party  or  any  Affiliate  thereof  that,  if  adversely  determined,  couldreasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect;
48
(iii)     the  occurrence  of  any  ERISA  Event  that,  alone  or together  with  any  other  ERISA  Events  that  haveoccurred, if
 not cured or if adversely determined, could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect;and
(iv)
    any  other  development  or  event  that  has  resulted  in,  or  could  reasonably  be  expected  to  result  in,  aMaterial Adverse Effect.
Each notice
 pursuant to this Section 8.3A(c) shall be accompanied by a statement of a Responsible Officer or other executiveofficer
 of  the  Parent  setting  forth  the  details  of  the  event  or  development  requiring  such  notice  and  any  action  taken  orproposed to be taken with respect thereto.
(
d)     Existence;  Conduct of Business .  Notwithstanding the foregoing reference in the first paragraph of this Section8.3A
 (prior to subsection (a) thereof) to “each Credit Party will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to”, each Credit Partywill,
 and  will  cause  each  of  the  Significant  Subsidiaries,  to  do  or  cause  to  be  done  all  things  reasonably  necessary,  topreserve, renew and
 keep in full force and effect its legal existence and, in the case of each Credit Party, its legal existence ina
 state in the United States or the District of Columbia and the rights, licenses, permits, privileges and franchises material tothe
 conduct of its business; provided that  the foregoing shall not prohibit any merger, consolidation, liquidation, dissolutionor
 asset  disposition  permitted  under  Section  8.3B(c); provided, further, that  neither  the  Credit  Parties  nor  any  of  theSignificant
 Subsidiaries shall be required to preserve any rights, licenses, permits, privileges or franchises or any SignificantSubsidiary’
s existence if the Credit Party or such Subsidiary determines that the preservation thereof is no longer desirable inthe
 conduct of the business of the Credit Party or such Subsidiary, as the case may be, and that the loss thereof would notmaterially
 adversely affect the Credit Party, such Subsidiary or the Lenders or the Lessor with respect to any Commitments,Borrowing or Lessor Advance under the Operative Agreements.
(
e)     Payment  of Obligations .  Pay its obligations, other than Indebtedness but including liabilities for any and allpresent
 or future taxes, levies, imposts, duties, deductions, charges or withholdings imposed by any Governmental Authority,including
 any interest,  additions  to tax or penalties  applicable  thereto  that,  if not paid,  could result  in a Material  AdverseEffect,
 before  the  same  shall  become  delinquent  or  in  default,  except  where  (i)  the  validity  or  amount  thereof  is  beingcontested
 in  good  faith  by  appropriate  proceedings,  (ii)  the  Credit  Party  or  such  Subsidiary  has  set  aside  on  its  booksadequate
 reserves with respect thereto in accordance with GAAP and (iii) the failure to make payment pending such contestcould not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.
(
f)     Maintenance  of Properties; Insurance .  (i) Keep and maintain all property material to the conduct of its businessin
 good working order and condition, ordinary wear and tear excepted, except where the failure to do so, individually or inthe
 aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, and (ii) maintain, with financiallysound and
 reputable insurance companies, insurance in such amounts and against such risks as are customarily maintained bycompanies
 engaged in the same or similar businesses operating in the same or similar locations; provided , however , that the Credit
49
Parties and their Subsidiaries may instead self-insure to the same general extent as other companies of similar size, type andfinancial condition as the Credit Party
 or such Subsidiary, and to the extent such policies are consistent with prudent businesspractice.
(
g)     Books  and Records; Inspection Rights .  (i) Keep proper books of record and account in which full, true andcorrect
 entries  are  made  of  all  dealings  and  transactions  in  relation  to  its  business  and  activities  sufficient  to  permit  thepreparation
 of the consolidated financial statements of the Credit Parties and their Subsidiaries in accordance with GAAP,and
 (ii) permit any representatives designated by any Financing Party (which representatives shall be reasonably acceptableto
 the Credit Parties, unless a Lease Event of Default has occurred and is continuing), upon reasonable prior notice, to visitand
 inspect its properties, to examine and make extracts from its books and records, and to discuss its affairs, finances andcondition
 with its officers and independent accountants, all at such reasonable times and as often as reasonably requested;provided
 that such designated representatives agree to the same confidentiality obligations agreed to by the Lenders and theLessor under or in connection with the Operative Agreements.
(
h)     Compliance with  Laws .  (i) Comply with all laws, rules, regulations and orders of any Governmental Authorityapplicable
 to it or its property, including all Environmental Laws, except where the failure to do so, individually or in theaggregate,
 could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, and (ii) maintain in effect and enforce inall
 material respects policies and procedures designed to promote compliance by the Credit Parties, their Subsidiaries andtheir respective directors, officers, employees and agents with Anti-Corruption Laws and applicable Sanctions.
(
i )     Use  of  Proceeds .  Use  the  proceeds  of  the  extensions  of  credit  or  other  Advances  under  the  OperativeAgreements
 only for purposes of leasing and developing the Property in accordance with the Operative Agreements. No partof
 the proceeds of any Loan or Lessor Advance will be used, whether directly or indirectly, for any purpose that entails aviolation
 of any of the Regulations of the Board of Governors, including Regulation T, Regulation U and Regulation X, andno
 Credit Party nor any of its Subsidiaries will (i) use or permit the proceeds of any extensions of credit or other Advancesunder
 the Operative Agreements to be used directly, or to the knowledge of the Credit Parties, indirectly for the purpose offinancing
 the  activities  or business  of or with  any  Sanctioned  Person  or  in any  Sanctioned  Country  (unless,  in  each  case,permissible
 for  a  Person  required  to  comply  with  Sanctions; provided ,  notwithstanding  the  foregoing  provisions  of  thisparenthetical
 phrase, such proceeds may be so used for the purpose of financing the activities or business of or with anySanctioned
 Person or in any Sanctioned Country only to the extent that (x) any such use of proceeds is in full compliancewith
 all  requirements  and  provisions  of  all  Operative  Agreements  and  (y)  any  such  extension  of  credit  or  other  Advancesatisfies
 all  applicable  conditions  precedent  for  such  extension  of  credit  or  other  Advance  pursuant  to  the  OperativeAgreements),
 or  for  the  purpose  of  engaging  in  any  activity  in  violation  of  Sanctions,  or  (ii)  in  furtherance  of  an  offer,payment,
 promise to pay, or authorization of the payment or giving of money, or anything else of value, to any Person inviolation of any Anti-Corruption Laws.
50
(j)     Additional Subsidiaries . Promptly  after the creation or acquisition of any Material Domestic Subsidiary (and, inany
 event, within thirty (30) days after such creation or acquisition, as such time period may be extended by the Agent in itssole discretion), cause such Person to (i) become a Guarantor by delivering to the Agent a duly executed Guarantor Joinder or
such
 other  document  as  the  Agent  shall  deem  appropriate  for  such  purpose,  (ii)  deliver  to  the  Agent  such  opinions,documents
 and certificates referred to in Section 5.3 as may be reasonably requested by the Agent, (iii) deliver to the Agentsuch
 updated Schedules to the Operative Agreements as requested by the Agent with respect to such Person, (iv) deliver tothe
 Agent such original certificated Equity Interests or other certificates and stock or other transfer powers evidencing theEquity
 Interests of such Person, to the extent required pursuant to the Security Documents, and (v) deliver to the Agent suchother
 documents as may be reasonably requested by the Agent, all in form, content and scope reasonably satisfactory to theAgent.
(
k)     Further Assurances .  Execute any and all further documents, financing statements, agreements and instruments,and take
 all such further actions (including the filing and recording of financing statements and other documents), which maybe
 required  under  any  Applicable  Law,  or  which  the  Agent  may  reasonably  request,  to  effectuate  the  transactionscontemplated by the Operative Agreements or
 to grant, preserve, protect or perfect the Liens created or intended to be createdby
 the Security Documents or the validity or priority of any such Lien, all at the expense of the Credit Parties.  The Parentalso
 agrees  to  provide  to  the  Agent,  from  time  to  time  upon  the  reasonable  request  by  the  Agent,  evidence  reasonablysatisfactory
 to  the  Agent  as  to  the  perfection  and  priority  of  the  Liens  created  or  intended  to  be  created  by  the  SecurityDocuments.
8.3B
Additional Credit Party Negative Covenants . Until
 all the Obligations of the Lessee and/or the Construction Agent (other than contingent obligations not then due) havebeen paid and satisfied in full in cash and the covenants terminated:
(
a)     Indebtedness .  The Credit Parties will not permit any of their respective Subsidiaries that are not Guarantors tocreate, incur, assume or permit to exist any Indebtedness, except:
(i)
    Indebtedness, including Guarantees and obligations in respect of letters of credit and letters of guaranty,existing as of October 7, 2016 and disclosed on 
Schedule 8.3B(a)(i) ; (ii)
    Guarantees of Indebtedness of any Subsidiary to the extent such Indebtedness is otherwise permittedunder this Agreement (other than under Section 8.3B(a)(iv));
(iii)    Indebtedness of any Subsidiary to any Credit Party or any other Subsidiary;
51
(iv)    Indebtedness of any Person that becomes a Subsidiary (or of any Person not previously a Subsidiary thatis
 merged or consolidated with or into a Subsidiary in a transaction permitted hereunder) after October 7, 2016; orIndebtedness
 of any Person that is assumed by any Subsidiary  in connection  with an acquisition  of assets by suchSubsidiary; 
provided that  (A) such Indebtedness exists at the time such Person becomes a Subsidiary (or is so mergedor
 consolidated) or such assets are acquired, and is not created in contemplation of or in connection with such Personbecoming
 a Subsidiary (or such merger or consolidation) or such assets being acquired and (B) no other Subsidiary(other
 than a Subsidiary into which the acquired Person is merged or any Subsidiary of the acquired Person) shallGuarantee
 or otherwise become liable for the payment of such Indebtedness, except to the extent that such Guaranteeis incurred pursuant to Section 8.3B(a)(vii);
(v)
    Indebtedness incurred to finance the purchase price, construction cost or improvement cost incurred inconnection
 with  the  acquisition,  construction  or  improvement  of  assets  (including  the  acquisition  of  any  Person),including Capital Lease Obligations; 
provided that (A) such Indebtedness  is incurred prior to or within 180 days after,the
 date  of  acquisition,  construction  or  improvement  of  such  assets,  (B)  such  Indebtedness  does  not  exceed  theamount
 of such purchase price or cost of the asset and (C) any Lien securing such Indebtedness is permitted underSection 8.3B(b)(v);
(vi)
    Indebtedness of Subsidiaries that are limited purpose financing vehicles for Securitization Transactionsincurred to finance such Securitization Transactions; 
provided that such Securitization Transactions otherwise comply with the
 provisions hereof, in an aggregate principal amount for all Indebtedness under this Section 8.3B(a)(vi) not toexceed,
 at the time any such Indebtedness is incurred, the greater of $437,500,000 and 5.0% of Consolidated TotalAssets
 as  of  the  most  recent  fiscal  quarter  end  for  which  financial  statements  of  the  Parent  have  been  deliveredpursuant to Section 8.3A(a)(i) or (ii);
(vii)    other Indebtedness of the Credit Parties and Sub
sidiaries; provided that the sum, without duplication, of (A)
 the aggregate outstanding principal amount of Indebtedness permitted by this clause (vii), plus (B) the aggregateoutstanding
 principal amount of Indebtedness and other obligations secured by Liens incurred under Section 8.3B(b)(v), shall
 not exceed at any time that any Indebtedness is incurred in reliance on this clause (vii) or Lien is incurred inreliance
 on Section 8.3B(b)(vii), the greater of $875,000,000 and 10.0% of Consolidated Total Assets as of the mostrecent
 fiscal quarter end for which financial statements of the Parent have been delivered pursuant to 8.3A(a)(i) or(ii);
(viii)
    Indebtedness incurred in connection with the extension of maturity of, or refunding or refinancing of,in
 whole  or  in  part,  any  Indebtedness  outstanding  pursuant  to  Section  8.3B(a)(i),(iv),(v)  or  (vii); provided that (A) such extension, refunding or refinancing shall not increase the principal amount of the Indebtedness
52
being extended, or refunded or refinanced by more than the amount of accrued interest thereon and fees, expenses andpremiums paid
 in connection with such extension, refunding or refinancing, (B) any such refinancing Indebtedness inrespect of Indebtedness incurred under Section 8.3B(a)(vii) will be included in the calculation of the basket referred to
in
 Section 8.3B(a)(vii), but such Indebtedness shall be permitted even if such Indebtedness is incurred at a time whensuch
 Indebtedness  would  not  otherwise  be  permitted  to  be  incurred  under  such  clause  and  (C)  the  reference  toIndebtedness
 in  this  clause  (viii)  will  be  deemed  to  include  obligations  under  any  lease  that  did  not  constitute  aCapital
 Lease Obligation as of October 7, 2016 or, if later, the date of such lease, in the amount that would constituteIndebtedness thereunder if such lease were treated as a Capital Lease Obligation;
(ix)
    Indebtedness arising in connection with customary cash management services and from the honoring bya
 bank or financial institution of a check, draft or similar instrument drawn against insufficient funds, in each case inthe ordinary course of business;
(x)    Indebtedness as an account party in respect of trade letters of credit; and
(xi)    Indebtedness consisting of the financing of insurance premiums.
(
b)     Liens .  The Credit Parties will not, and will not permit any of their respective Subsidiaries to, create, incur,assume or permit to exist any Lien on any Collateral, except for Permitted Liens. Additionally, the Credit Parties will not, and
will
 not permit any of their respective Subsidiaries to, create, incur, assume or permit to exist any Lien on any property orasset now owned or hereafter acquir
ed by it (in each case, other than any Collateral), or assign or sell any income or revenues(including accounts receivable) or rights in respect of any thereof (in each case, other than any Collateral), except:
(i)    Permitted Encumbrances;
(ii)    Liens on any
 property or asset of a Credit Party or a Subsidiary securing Indebtedness of such Subsidiaryto the Credit Party or to another Subsidiary, in the ordinary course of business;
(iii)
    any Lien on any property or asset of the Credit Parties or any Subsidiary existing on October 7, 2016,and
 extensions, renewals and replacements thereof; provided that  (A) such Lien shall not apply to any other propertyor
 asset of the Credit Parties or any Subsidiary other than extensions and accessions thereto and (B) such Lien shallsecure only those obligations which it secures on October 7, 2016;
(iv)
    any Lien existing on any property or asset prior to the acquisition thereof by the Credit Party or anySubsidiary
 or existing on any property or asset of any Person that becomes a Subsidiary after the date hereof prior tothe time such
53
Person becomes a Subsidiary, and extensions, renewals and replacements thereof; provided that  (A) such Lien is notcreated
 in contemplation of or in connection with such acquisition or such Person becoming a Subsidiary, as the casemay
 be, (B) such Lien shall not apply to any other property or assets of the Credit Party or any Subsidiary other thanextensions and
 accessions thereto and proceeds thereof and (C) such Lien shall secure only those obligations which itsecures on the date of such acquisition or the date such Person becomes a Subsidiary, as the case may be;
(v)
    any  Lien  given  to  secure  Indebtedness  or  other  obligations  (including,  in  the  case  of  Subsidiaries,Indebtedness
 incurred  pursuant  to  Section  8.3B(a)(v))  incurred  to  finance  the  payment  of  the  purchase  price,construction
 cost or improvement  cost of the acquisition  (including  the acquisition  of any Person), construction  orimprovement
 of assets, and extensions, renewals and replacements thereof; provided that  (A) such Lien shall attachsolely
 to the assets acquired, constructed or improved, and extensions and accessions thereto and proceeds thereof,(B)
 such Lien has been created or incurred by the Credit Party or a Subsidiary simultaneously with, or within 180days after, the date of acquisition, construction
 or improvement of such assets (other than in the case of any extension,renewal
 or replacement of any such Lien), (C) the Indebtedness or other obligations secured thereby shall not exceedthe
 amount of such purchase price or cost of the asset and (D) such Lien shall secure only those obligations which itsecures on the date such Lien was originally created or incurred;
(vi)
    other Liens securing Indebtedness or other obligations of the Credit Parties or any Subsidiary; provided that
 the sum, without duplication, at any time of (A) the aggregate outstanding principal amount of Indebtedness andother
 obligations secured by Liens permitted by this clause (vi) plus (B) the aggregate outstanding principal amountof
 Indebtedness of Subsidiaries permitted by Section 8.3B(a)(vii) together with Indebtedness permitted under Section8.3B(a)(vi), shall not exceed, at any time
 that any Lien is created or incurred in reliance on this clause (vi), the greaterof
 $875,000,000 and 10.0% of Consolidated Total Assets as of the most recent fiscal quarter end for which financialstatements of the Parent have been delivered pursuant to Section 8.3A(a)(i) or (ii); and
(vii)
    Liens in respect of Indebtedness incurred in connection with the extension of maturity of, or refundingor
 refinancing of, in whole or in part, any secured Indebtedness incurred under Section 8.3B(b)(iii), (iv), (v) or (vi);provided 
that (A)  such extension of, or refunding or refinancing shall not increase the principal amount of the securedIndebtedness being
 extended, or refunded or refinanced by more than the amount of accrued interest thereon and fees,expenses
 and  premiums  paid  in  connection  with  such  extension,  refunding  or  refinancing  and  (B)  any  such  Liensecuring any extension,
 refunding or refinancing of Indebtedness secured by Liens incurred under Section 8.3B(b)(vi)will
 be included in the calculation of the basket referred to in Section 8.3B(b)(v), but such secured Indebtedness (andthe Liens in respect thereof) shall be permitted even if the such secured Indebtedness
54
or Lien is incurred at a time when such secured Indebtedness or Lien would not otherwise be permitted to be incurredunder such clause.
(
c)     Fundamental  Changes .  The Credit Parties will not, and will not permit any Significant Subsidiary to, mergeinto
 or consolidate with any other Person, or permit any other Person to merge into or consolidate with it, or sell, transfer,lease or otherwise dispose of (in one transaction or in a series of transactions) all or substantially all of the as
sets of the CreditParties
 and  their  Subsidiaries  taken  as  a  whole  (in  each  case,  whether  now  owned  or  hereafter  acquired),  or  liquidate  ordissolve,
 except that, if at the time thereof and immediately after giving effect thereto no Lease Default or Lease Event ofDefault shall have occurred and be continuing, (i) any Subsidiary or other Person may merge into or consolidate with a Credit
Party
 in a transaction in which the Credit Party is the surviving corporation, (ii) any Person (other than a Credit Party or aSubsidiary)
 may  merge  into  or  consolidate  with  a  Subsidiary  in  a  transaction  in  which  such  Subsidiary  is  the  survivingPerson,
 (iii) any Subsidiary (other than a Credit Party) may merge into or consolidate with any Person in a transaction (A) inwhich
 the surviving Person is or becomes a Wholly-Owned Subsidiary or (B) which does not constitute the disposition of allor substantially all assets of
 the Credit Parties and their Subsidiaries taken as a whole, (iv) any Credit Party or any Subsidiarymay
 sell, transfer, lease or otherwise dispose of its assets to one or more Credit Parties or to one or more Wholly-OwnedSubsidiaries,
 and (v) any Subsidiary (other than a Credit Party) may liquidate or dissolve if the Parent determines in goodfaith
 that such liquidation or dissolution is in the best interests of the Parent and is not materially disadvantageous to theLenders and the Lessor.
(
d)     Financial  Covenant .  The Credit Parties will not permit the Leverage Ratio on the last day of any fiscal quarterto exceed 3.50 to 1.00.
8.4
Sharing of Certain Payments . Except
 for Excepted  Payments,  the parties  hereto acknowledge  and agree that all payments  due and owing by any CreditParty
 to the Lessor under the Lease or any of the other Operative Agreements shall be made by such Credit Party directly to theAgent
 as more particularly provided in Section 8.3(b) hereof. The Financing Parties and the Credit Parties acknowledge the terms ofSection
 8.7 of this Agreement regarding the allocation of payments and other amounts made or received from time to time under theOperative
 Agreements  and  agree,  that  all  such  payments  and  amounts  are  to  be  allocated  as  provided  in  Section  8.7  of  thisAgreement.
8.5
Grant of Easements, Agreement regarding Restrictive Covenants, etc . The
 Financing Parties hereby agree that, so long as no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, the Lessorshall,
 from time to time at the request of the Lessee (and with the prior consent of the Agent), in connection with the transactionscontemplated
 by the Agency Agreement, the Lease or the other Operative Agreements, (i) grant easements and other rights in thenature
 of easements with respect to the Property, (ii) release existing easements or other rights in the nature of easements which arefor
 the benefit of the Property, (iii) execute and deliver to any Person any instrument appropriate to confirm or effect such grants orreleases, and (iv) execute and
55
deliver to any Person such other documents or materials in connection with the acquisition, development, construction, testing oroperation
 of  the  Property,  including  reciprocal  easement  agreements,  construction  contracts,  operating  agreements,  developmentagreements,
 plats, replats or subdivision documents; provided ,  that each of the agreements referred to in this Section 8.5 shall be ofthe
 type normally executed by the Lessee in the ordinary course of the Lessee’s business and shall be on commercially reasonableterms so as not to diminish the value or limit the use of the Property in any material respect.
8.6
Appointment of the Agent by the Lessor; Acknowledgement by the Secured Parties . The Lessor hereby appoints the Agent
 to act as collateral agent and administrative agent for the Lessor in connection with theOperative Agreeme
nts, and the Lessor hereby assigns to the Agent the Lien granted by the Lease to secure the Lessor Advances. TheSecured
 Parties acknowledge, agree and direct that the rights and remedies of the Secured Parties in connection with an Event ofDefault,
 including as  beneficiaries of the Lien of the Security Documents, shall be exercised by the Agent on behalf of the SecuredParties
 as directed from time to time (a) by the Majority Secured Parties; provided ,  notwithstanding the foregoing, the Agent shallnot
 take any action concerning the exercise of remedies or otherwise under any of the Operative Agreements with respect to theProperty
 (regardless of whether an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing) unless the Lessor has expressly consented tosuch action
 or (b) pursuant to Sections 8.2(c) and 12.4, by the Credit Lenders, the Mortgage Lenders and the Lessor, as the case maybe; 
provided ,  that  for  the  avoidance  of  doubt,  nothing  in  this  Section  8.6  shall  affect  any  automatic  acceleration  or  right  ofacceleration
 exercised in accordance with the applicable Operative Agreement; and provided further ,  in all cases, the Agent shallallocate
 payments and other amounts received in accordance with Section 8.7. Except in the case of Excepted Payments and otherrights
 expressly  reserved  by  the  Lessor  pursuant  to  the  Operative  Agreements  and  subject  to  Section  12.4,  the  Agent  is  furtherappointed
 to  provide  notices  under  the  Operative  Agreements  on  behalf  of  the  Lessor  (as  determined  by  the  Agent,  in  itscommercially
 reasonable  discretion)  and  to  receive  notices  under  the  Operative  Agreements  on  behalf  of  the  Lessor.  The  Agenthereby
 accepts such appointments. The Agent hereby further agrees promptly to provide notices and other documentation receivedfrom
 time to time from the Credit Parties to each of the Lessor, the Mortgage Lenders and the Credit Lenders. For purposes hereof,the
 provisions of Article 7 of the Mortgage Loan Agreement, together with such other terms and provisions of the Mortgage LoanAgreement
 and the other Operative Agreements as required for the full interpretation and operation of Article 7 of the MortgageLoan
 Agreement are hereby incorporated by reference as if restated herein for the mutual benefit of the Agent and the Lessor as ifthe
 Lessor  were  a  Mortgage  Lender  thereunder.  Outstanding  Credit  Loans,  outstanding  Mortgage  Loans  and  outstanding  LessorAdvances
 shall be taken into account for purposes of determining Majority Secured Parties. The parties hereto hereby agree to theprovisions
 contained in this Section 8.6. Any appointment of a successor agent under Section 7.8 of the Mortgage Loan Agreementor
 Section  7.8  of  the  Credit  Loan  Agreement  shall  also  be  effective  as  an  appointment  of  a  successor  agent  for  purposes  of  thisSection 8.6.
8.7
Collection and Allocation of Payments and Other Amounts . 56
(a)      Each  Credit  Party  has  agreed  pursuant  to  Section  5.7  and  otherwise  in  accordance  with  the  terms  of  thisAgreement to pay to (i) the Agent any and all Rent (excluding Excepted Payments) and any and all other amounts of any kind
or
 type under any of the Operative Agreements due and owing or payable to any Person and (ii) each Person as appropriatethe
 Excepted  Payments.  Promptly  after  receipt,  the  Agent  shall  apply  and  allocate,  in  accordance  with  the  terms  of  thisSection
 8.7, such amounts received from any Credit Party and all other payments, receipts and other consideration of anykind whatsoever received by
 any Secured Party in connection with the Collateral, the Security Documents or any of the otherOperative
 Agreements.  Ratable  distributions  among  the  Mortgage  Lenders,  the  Credit  Lenders  and  the  Lessor  under  thisSection
 8.7 shall be made based on (in the case of the Mortgage Lenders) the ratio of the outstanding Mortgage Loans to theProperty
 Cost, (in the case of the Credit Lenders) the ratio of the outstanding Credit Loans to the Property Cost, and (in thecase of the Lessor) the ratio of the outstanding Lessor Advances to the Property Cost.
(b) 
     Payments  and  other  amounts  received  by  the  Agent  from  time  to  time  in  accordance  with  the  terms  ofsubparagraph (a) shall be applied and allocated as follows (subject in all cases to Sections 8.7(c)(i), (ii) and (iii)):
(i) 
     Any such payment  or amount identified  as or deemed to be Basic Rent,  any amount  in respect  of aCasualty
 referenced in the last sentence of Section 3.4(b) of the Agency Agreement or any amount in respect of aCondemnation
 referenced the last sentence of Section 3.5(b) of the Agency Agreement shall be applied and allocatedby the Agent:
first 
, ratably to the Credit Lenders, the Mortgage Lenders and the Lessor for application and allocationto
 the payment of interest on the Loans and to the payment of accrued Lessor Yield with respect to the LessorAdvances
 and thereafter ratably to the principal of the Loans and the portion of the Lessor Advances which isdue and payable on such date;
second 
,  if a Lease Default or Lease Event of Default is in effect, such excess (if any) shall be held bythe
 Agent until the earlier of (A) the first date thereafter on which no Lease Default or Lease Event of Defaultshall
 be in effect (in which case such payments or returns shall then be made pursuant to “ third ”  below) and(B)
 the  Expiration  Date  (or,  if  earlier,  the  date  of  any  Acceleration),  in  which  case  such  amounts  shall  beapplied and allocated in the manner contemplated by Section 8.7(b)(iv);
third 
, ratably  to the Hedge Banks for application and allocation to the payment obligations then owingunder the Secured Hedge Agreements; and
fourth 
, any excess shall be paid to the Lessee. (ii) 
     Except  as otherwise  specified  pursuant  to the last sentence  of Section  3.4(b) or the last sentence  ofSection 3.5(b) of the Agency Agreement, if on
57
any date the Agent or the Lessor shall receive any amount in respect of any Casualty or Condemnation pursuant toSection
 15.1(a) or 15.1(g) of the Lease or Section 3.4 or 3.5 of the Agency Agreement, then such amount shall beapplied and allocated in accordance with Section 8.7(b)(iii)(x) hereof.
(iii) 
     (x) An amount equal to any payment identified as proceeds of the sale or other disposition (or leaseupon
 the exercise of remedies) of the Property or any portion thereof ( provided ,  in connection with the exercise ofthe
 Sale Option, an allocation shall be made pursuant to Section 21.1(d) of the Lease with the Lessee retaining theamounts
 allocable to it under such Section 21.1(d) and the other amounts thereunder being allocated pursuant to thefirst
 paragraph of this Section 8.7(b) and thereafter to the following provisions of this Section 8.7(b)(iii)(x)), pursuantto
 the exercise of remedies under the Security Documents or otherwise, or pursuant to the exercise of remedies setforth
 in the Agency Agreement ( provided ,  in connection with the exercise of remedies under Section 5.3(b) of theAgency Agreement regarding an Agency Agreemen
t Event of Default other than a Full Recourse Event of Default, anallocation
 shall  be  made  initially  under  such  Section  5.3(b)  with  the  Construction  Agent  retaining  the  amountsallocable
 to  it  under  such  Section  5.3(b)  and  the  other  amounts  thereunder  being  allocated  pursuant  to  the  firstparagraph
 of this Section 8.7(b) and thereafter to the following provisions of this Section 8.7(b)(iii)(x)) or pursuant tothe
 exercise of remedies set forth in the Lease ( provided ,  in connection with the exercise of remedies under Section17.6
 of the Lease, an allocation shall be made initially under Section 17.6(c) of the Lease with the Lessee retainingthe
 amounts allocable to it under such Section 17.6(c) and the other amounts thereunder being allocated pursuant tothe
 first paragraph of this Section 8.7(b) and thereafter to the following provisions of this Section 8.7(b)(iii)(x)) andany
 payment in respect of excess wear and tear pursuant to Section 21.3 of the Lease, in each case shall be appliedand allocated by the Agent:
first 
, ratably to the payment of interest on the Mortgage Loans, then to the principal balance ofthe
 Mortgage  Loans  and  then  to  all  other  amounts  owing  under  the  Operative  Agreements  to  theMortgage Lenders then outstanding;
second 
,  to the payment to the Lessor of the Lessor Yield with respect to the Lessor Advances,then
 to the principal balance of the Lessor Advances and then to all other amounts owing under theOperative Agreements to the Lessor then outstanding;
third 
,  ratably to the payment of interest on the Credit Loans, then to the principal balance ofthe
 Credit Loans and then to all other amounts owing under the Operative Agreements to the CreditLenders then outstanding;
fourth 
,  to the extent moneys remain after application and allocation pursuant to clauses first through 
third above, to the Lessor 58
for application and allocation to any and all other amounts owing under the Operative Agreements asthe
 Lessor shall determine; provided ,  where no Event of Default shall exist and be continuing and aprepayment
 is  made  for  any  reason  with  respect  to  less  than  the  full  amount  of  the  outstandingprincipal amount
 of the Mortgage Loans, the outstanding principal amount of the Credit Loans and theoutstanding
 Lessor  Advances,  the  proceeds  shall  be  applied  and  allocated  ratably  to  the  MortgageLenders, the Credit Lenders and the Lessor;
fifth 
, ratably to the  Hedge Banks for application and allocation to the payment obligations thenowing under the Secured Hedge Agreements; and
sixth 
,  to  the  extent  moneys  remain  after  application  and  allocation  pursuant  to  clauses first through 
fifth above, to the Lessee. (y)    Notwithstanding any provision in any Operative Agreement to the contrary (including the
provisions of clause (x) of this Section 8.7(b)(iii)), any amount paid by a third party purchaser for the purchase
of the Property on the Expiration Date pursuant to the election by the Lessee of the Sale Option shall be
applied and allocated by the Agent in the following order of priority:
first 
,  so much of such amount as shall be required to pay actual and reasonable costs of theFinancing
 Parties of selling and transferring the Property, including all recordation fees, legal fees andexpenses, finders’ and brokers’ fees and sales commissions allocable to the Property;
second 
, ratably  to the payment of interest on the Mortgage Loans, then to the principal balanceof
 the Mortgage Loans and then to all other amounts owing under the Operative Agreements to theMortgage Lenders then outstanding;
third 
,  to the payment to the Lessor of the Lessor Yield with respect to the Lessor Advances,then
 to the principal balance of the Lessor Advances and then to all other amounts owing under theOperative Agreements to the Lessor then outstanding;
fourth 
,  ratably to the payment of interest on the Credit Loans, then to the principal balance ofthe
 Credit Loans and then to all other amounts owing under the Operative Agreements to the CreditLenders then outstanding;
59
fifth , ratably to the  Hedge Banks for application and allocation to the payment obligations thenowing under the Secured Hedge Agreements; and
sixth 
,  to  the  extent  monies  remain  after  application  and  allocation  pursuant  to  clauses first through 
fifth above, to the Lessee. (i) 
     An amount equal to (A) any such payment identified as a payment pursuant to the Maximum ResidualGuarantee
 Amount  or  the  Deficiency  Balance,  as  may  be  required  under  the  Lease,  or  the  Construction  PeriodGuarantee
 Amount,  as  may  be  required  under  the  Agency  Agreement,  (B)  any  other  amount  payable  upon  anyexercise
 of remedies after the occurrence and continuance of an Event of Default not covered by Section 8.7(b)(i) or8.7(b)(iii)
 above  (including  any  amount  received  in  connection  with  an  Acceleration  which  does  not  representproceeds from the sale
 or liquidation of the Property), (C) any amounts payable by the Guarantors pursuant to Section6B
 and  (D)  any  payment  of  the  Termination  Value  under  the  Agency  Agreement  or  the  Lease,  including  inconnection with Article V of the
 Agency Agreement, Article XVII of the Lease or the exercise of the Purchase Optionunder Articles XVI or XX of the Lease, in each case shall be applied and allocated by the Agent:
first 
, ratably to the payment of interest on the Credit Loans, then to the principal balance of the CreditLoans
 and  then  to  all  other  amounts  owing  under  the  Operative  Agreements  to  the  Credit  Lenders  thenoutstanding;
second 
,  ratably to the payment of interest on the Mortgage Loans, then to the principal balance of theMortgage
 Loans  and  then  to  all  other  amounts  owing  under  the  Operative  Agreements  to  the  MortgageLenders then outstanding;
third 
, to the payment to the Lessor of the Lessor Yield with respect to the Lessor Advances, then to the principal
 balance  of  the  Lessor  Advances  and  then  to  all  other  amounts  owing  under  the  OperativeAgreements to the Lessor then outstanding;
fourth 
,  to the extent moneys remain after application and allocation pursuant to clauses first through third 
above,  to  the  Lessor  for  application  and  allocation  to  any  other  amounts  owing  under  the  OperativeAgreements as the Lessor shall determine; and
fifth 
,  ratably to the Hedge Banks for application and allocation to the payment obligations then owingunder the Secured Hedge Agreements.
(ii) 
     An amount equal to any such payment identified as Supplemental Rent shall be applied and allocated bythe
 Agent to the payment of any amounts then owing to the Financing Parties and the other parties to the OperativeAgreements
60
(or any of them) (other than any such amounts payable pursuant to the preceding provisions of this Section 8.7(b)) forwhich
 such payment is made in accordance with the provisions of Operative Agreements; provided , however ,  thatSupplemental
 Rent  received  upon  the  exercise  of  remedies  after  the  occurrence  and  continuance  of  an  Event  ofDefault in lieu of or in substitution of the Maximum Residual Guarantee Amoun
t or as a partial payment thereon shallbe applied and allocated as set forth in Section 8.7(b)(iv).
(iii) 
     An amount received by the Agent from the Lessee pursuant to Section 5.22 shall be distributed by theAgent
 ratably  to the Credit  Lenders,  the Mortgage  Lenders  and the Lessor for application  and allocation: first ,  toaccrued
 interest on the Loans and Lessor Yield on the Lessor Advance, to the extent any of the foregoing has nototherwise
 been paid on such date; and second ,  to the unpaid principal of the Loans and the unpaid amount of theLessor Advance.
(iv) 
     The Agent in its commercially reasonable judgment shall identify the nature of each payment or amountreceived by the Agent and apply and allocate each such amount in the manner specified above.
61
(a)      Upon the payment in full of all amounts then due and owing by the Lessee under the Operative Agreements,any
 moneys remaining with the Agent shall be returned to the Lessee. It is agreed that, prior to the application and allocationof
 amounts received by the Agent in the order described in Section 8.7(b) above or any distribution of money to the Lessee,any
 such amounts shall first be applied and allocated to the payment of (i) any and all sums advanced by the Agent or theLessor
 in order to preserve the Collateral or to preserve its Lien thereon, (ii) the expenses of retaking, holding, preparing forsale
 or lease, selling or otherwise disposing or realizing on the Collateral, or of any exercise by the Agent or the Lessor of itsrights
 under the Security Documents, together with reasonable attorneys’ fees and expenses and court costs and (iii) any andall
 other amounts reasonably owed to the Agent under or in connection with the transactions contemplated by the OperativeAgreements (including any accrued and unpaid administration fees).
(b) 
     The parties hereto agree that all amounts to be paid to the Credit Lenders and the Mortgage Lenders under theOperative Agreements
 (except for Excepted Payments) shall be paid first to the Agent for distribution in accordance with theprovisions of the Credit Loan Agreement and the Mortgage Loan Agreement, respectively.
(c) 
     Notwithstanding  the  foregoing,  Secured  Obligations  arising  under  Secured  Hedge  Agreements  shall  beexcluded
 from  the  application  described  above  in  this  Section  8.7  if  the  Agent  has  not  received  written  notice  thereof,together
 with such supporting documentation as the Agent may request, from the applicable Hedge Bank. Each Hedge Banknot
 a  party  to  this  Agreement  that  has  given  the  notice  contemplated  by  the  preceding  sentence  shall,  by  such  notice,  bedeemed
 to have acknowledged and accepted the appointment of the Agent pursuant to the terms of Article VII of the CreditLoan Agreement for itself and its Affiliates as if a “Credit Lender” party thereto.
8.8
Release of Property, etc . If
 the Lessee shall at any time purchase  the Property  pursuant  to the Lease,  or the Construction  Agent shall purchase  theProperty pursuant to
 the Agency Agreement, or if the Property shall be sold in accordance with Article XXI of the Lease, then, uponpayment of all
 amounts then due and owing by the Lessee and the Construction Agent under the Operative Agreements, the Agent ishereby
 authorized  and  directed  to  release  the  Property  from  the  Liens  created  by  the  Operative  Agreements  to  the  extent  of  itsinterest therein. In addition, upon the termination of the Credit Loan Commitments, the Mortgage Loan Commitments and the Lessor
Commitment and the payment in full of
 all amounts then due and owing by the Lessee under the Operative Agreements, the Agent ishereby
 authorized  and  directed  to  release  the  Property  from  the  Liens  created  by  the  Operative  Agreements  to  the  extent  of  itsinterest therein.
 Upon request of the Lessor or the Lessee following any such release, the Agent shall, at the sole cost and expense ofthe
 Lessee, promptly execute and deliver to the Lessor and the Lessee such documents as the Lessor or the Lessee shall reasonablyrequest to evidence such release.
8.9
Secured Hedge Agreements . 62
No Hedge Bank that obtains the benefits of Sections 6B or 8.7 or any Collateral by virtue of the provisions hereof or of anySecurity
 Document shall have any right to notice of any action or to consent to, direct or object to any action hereunder or under anyother
 Operative Agreement or otherwise in respect of any provision of the Operative Agreements or of the Collateral (including therelease or impairment of any Collateral) other
 than in its capacity as a Lender and, in such case, only to the extent expressly providedin
 the Operative Agreements. Notwithstanding any other provision of any Operative Agreement to the contrary, the Agent shall notbe
 required  to  verify  the  payment  of,  or  that  other  satisfactory  arrangements  have  been  made  with  respect  to,  Secured  HedgeAgreements
 unless  the  Agent  has  received  written  notice  of  such  Secured  Hedge  Agreements,  together  with  such  supportingdocumentation as the Agent may request, from the applicable Hedge Bank.
SECTION 9. 
     CREDIT LOAN AGREEMENT, MORTGAGE LOAN AGREEMEN
T AND RIGHTS UNDER SECTION 5A OF THIS AGREEMENT.
9.1
The Construction Agent’s and the Lessee’s Credit Loan Agreement Rights . Notwithstanding
 anything to the contrary contained in the Credit Loan Agreement, the Agent, the Credit Lenders, the CreditParties
 and the Lessor hereby agree that, prior to the occurrence and continuation of any Lease Default or Lease Event of Default orAgency
 Agreement Default or Agency Agreement Event of Default, the Construction Agent and the Lessee shall have the followingrights ( 
provided , that Lessee shall have the right to receive all notices and certificates referenced in this Section 9.1 notwithsta ndingthe occurrence and continuance of any Lease Default or Lease Event of Default or Agency Agreement Default or Agency Agreement
Event of Default):
63
(a)      the sole right to request funding of Credit Loans pursuant to Section 2.1 of the Credit Loan Agreement;(b) 
     the  sole  right  to  designate  an  account  to  which  amounts  funded  under  the  Operative  Agreements  shall  becredited pursuant to Section 2.3(a) of the Credit Loan Agreement;
(c) 
     the sole right to make any request pursuant to Section 2.3(c)(iii) of the Credit Loan Agreement;(d) 
     the sole right to terminate or reduce the Credit Loan Commitments pursuant to Section 2.5(a) of the Credit LoanAgreement;
(e) 
     the sole right to provide any notice of prepayment pursuant to Section 2.6(a) of the Credit Loan Agreement;(f) 
     the sole right to require a Credit Lender assignment pursuant to Section 2.7(b) of the Credit Loan Agreement;(g) 
     the sole right to provide any notice pursuant to Section 2.11 of the Credit Loan Agreement; and(h) 
     the right to receive any notice and any certificate, in each case issued to the Lessor or the Lessee pursuant to theCredit Loan Agreement.
9.2
The Construction Agent’s and the Lessee’s Mortgage Loan Agreement Rights . Notwithstanding
 anything to the contrary contained in the Mortgage Loan Agreement, the Agent, the Mortgage Lenders, theCredit
 Parties and the Lessor hereby agree that, prior to the occurrence and continuation of any Lease Default or Lease Event ofDefault or Agency Agreement Default or
 Agency Agreement Event of Default, the Construction Agent and the Lessee shall have thefollowing
 rights  ( provided ,  that  Lessee  shall  have  the  right  to  receive  all  notices  and  certificates  referenced  in  this  Section  9.2notwithstanding
 the occurrence and continuance of any Lease Default or Lease Event of Default or Agency Agreement Default orAgency Agreement Event of Default):
64
(a)      the sole right to request funding of Mortgage Loans pursuant to Section 2.1 of the Mortgage Loan Agreement;(b) 
     the  sole  right  to  designate  an  account  to  which  amounts  funded  under  the  Operative  Agreements  shall  becredited pursuant to Section 2.3(a) of the Mortgage Loan Agreement;
(c) 
     the sole right to make any request pursuant to Section 2.3(c)(iii) of the Mortgage Loan Agreement;(d) 
     the  sole  right  to  terminate  or  reduce  the  Mortgage  Loan  Commitments  pursuant  to  Section  2.5(a)  of  theMortgage Loan Agreement;
(e) 
     the sole right to provide any notice of prepayment pursuant to Section 2.6(a) of the Mortgage Loan Agreement;(f) 
     the  sole  right  to  require  a  Mortgage  Lender  assignment  pursuant  to  Section  2.7(b)  of  the  Mortgage  LoanAgreement;
(g) 
     the sole right to provide any notice pursuant to Section 2.11 of the Mortgage Loan Agreement; and(h) 
     the right to receive any notice and any certificate, in each case issued to the Lessor or the Lessee pursuant to theMortgage Loan Agreement.
9.3
The Construction Agent’s and the Lessee’s Rights under Section 5A of this Agreement . Notwithstanding
 anything to the contrary contained in any Operative Agreement, the Credit Parties and the Lessor herebyagree that, prior to the occurrence and continuation of any Lease Default or Lease Event of Default, or Agency Agreement Default or
Agency
 Agreement Event of Default, the Construction Agent and the Lessee shall have the following rights ( provided ,  that Lesseeshall
 have  the  right  to  receive  all  notices  and  certificates  referenced  in  this  Section  9.3  notwithstanding  the  occurrence  andcontinuance of any Lease Default or Lease Event of Default or Agency Agreement Default or Agency Agreement Event of Default):
(a) 
     the sole right to provide any notices of prepayment pursuant to Section 5A.4 of this Agreement; and(b) 
     the sole right to receive any notice and any certificate, in each case issued pursuant to Section 5A.1 through5A.5 of this Agreement.
SECTION 10. 
     TRANSFER OF INTEREST.
10.1
Restrictions on Transfer . 65
Each  Lender  may  participate,  assign  or  transfer  all  or  a  portion  of  its  interest  hereunder  and  under  the  other  OperativeAgreements
 in accordance  with Sections  9.7 and  9.8 of the applicable  Loan  Agreement; provided ,  that in the event any Lenderassigns
 or transfers all or a portion of its interest hereunder and under the other Operative Agreements, such Lender shall deliver tothe Agent a
 copy of any such assignment agreement or other documents referenced in Section 9.8 of the applicable Loan Agreement.If
 any assignment of a Lender’s interest pursuant to Section 9.8 of the applicable Loan Agreement is made at such time that a LeaseEvent
 of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, then the Lessee shall pay (as Supplemental Rent) the expenses incurred inconnection
 with  such  assignment.  The  Lessor  may,  subject  to  the  rights  of  the  Lessee  under  the  Lease  and  the  other  OperativeAgreements and to the Lien of the applicable Security Documents but only with the prior written consent of the Agent and ( 
provided ,
 no Lease Default or Lease Event of Default has occurred and is continuing) with the consent of the Lessee (which consent may notbe
 unreasonably  withheld  or  delayed),  directly  or  indirectly,  assign,  convey,  appoint  an  agent  with  respect  to  enforcement  of,  orotherwise transfer any
 of its right, title or interest in or to the Property, the Lease and the other Operative Agreements (including anyright
 to indemnification thereunder), or any other document relating to the Property or any interest in the Property as provided in theLease.
 Any such transfer by the Lessor shall be only to an Eligible Lessor. It is hereby agreed that it would be reasonable for theLessee
 to withhold its consent to any such assignment by Lessor if and to the extent such assignment would, in the commerciallyreasonable
 judgment of the Lessee, materially impair the Lessee’s ability to achieve its desired accounting treatment regarding thetransactions
 evidenced by the Operative Agreements. The provisions of the immediately preceding sentence shall not apply to theobligations
 of  the  Lessor  to  transfer  the  Property  to  the  Lessee  or  a  third  party  purchaser  pursuant  to  the  Lease  or  the  AgencyAgreement
 upon payment for the Property in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Lease or the Agency Agreement. NoCredit
 Party may assign any of the Operative Agreements or any of their respective rights or obligations thereunder or with respectto
 the Property in whole or in part to any Person without the prior written consent of the Agent, the Mortgage Lenders, the CreditLenders
 and the Lessor. Notwithstanding the foregoing (or any provision in any of the Operative Agreements to the contrary), theLenders
 shall have the right to transfer their respective interests or grant a security interest in such interests to any Affiliate or otherLender or to a Federal Reserve bank.
10.2
Effect of Transfer . From
 and after any transfer effected in accordance with this Section 10, the transferor shall be released, to the extent of suchtransfer, from
 its liability hereunder and under the other documents to which it is a party in respect of obligations to be performed onor
 after  the  date  of  such  transfer; provided , however ,  that  any  transferor  shall  remain  liable  hereunder  and  under  such  otherdocuments
 to the extent that the transferee shall not have assumed the obligations of the transferor thereunder. Upon any transfer bythe
 Lessor, the Credit Lenders or the Mortgage Lenders as above provided, any such transferee shall assume the obligations of theLessor,
 the  Credit  Lender  or  the  Mortgage  Lender,  as  the  case  may  be,  and  shall  be  deemed  a  “Lessor”,  “Credit  Lender”  or  a“Mortgage
 Lender”,  as  the  case  may  be,  for  all  purposes  of  such  documents  and  each  reference  herein  to  the  transferor  shallthereafter
 be deemed a reference to such transferee for all purposes, except as provided in the preceding sentence. Notwithstandingany transfer of all or a portion of the transferor’s
66
interest  as  provided  in  this  Section  10,  the  transferor  shall  be  entitled  to  all  benefits  accrued  and  all  rights  vested  prior  to  suchtransfer including rights to indemnification under any such document.
10.3
Successor Agent . The
 Agent may, at any time, resign upon twenty (20) days’ written notice to the Credit Lenders, the Mortgage Lenders, theLessor and the Lessee and be removed with
 cause by the Credit Lenders, the Mortgage Lenders and the Lessor upon thirty (30) days’written
 notice to the Agent. Upon any such resignation or removal, the Majority Secured Parties shall have the right to appoint asuccessor
 Agent. If no successor Agent shall have been so appointed, and shall have accepted such appointment, within thirty (30)days
 after  the  notice  of  resignation  or  notice  of  removal,  as  appropriate,  then  the  retiring  Agent  shall  select  a  successor  Agentprovided
 such successor is a Lender or a commercial bank organized under the laws of the United States of America or of any Statethereof,
 has  a  combined  capital  and  surplus  of  at  least  $100,000,000  or  an  Affiliate  of  any  such  commercial  bank.  Upon  theacceptance
 of any appointment as Agent hereunder by a successor, such successor Agent shall thereupon succeed to and becomevested
 with all the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the retiring Agent, and the retiring Agent shall be discharged from itsduties
 and obligations as Agent under the Operative Agreements. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the provisions of Section 7 of theCredit
 Loan Agreement and the Mortgage Loan Agreement shall inure to the benefit of the retiring Agent as to any actions taken oromitted to be taken by it while it was Agent under the Operative Agreements.
SECTION 11. 
     INDEMNIFICATION.
11.1
General Indemnity . Subject
 to Section 11.6, whether or not any of the transactions contemplated hereby shall be consummated, the IndemnityProvider
 hereby assumes liability for and agrees to defend, indemnify and hold harmless each Indemnified Person on an After TaxBasis
 from and against any Claims, which may be imposed on, incurred by or asserted against an Indemnified Person by any thirdparty (including any
 other Indemnified Person), including Claims arising from the negligence of such Indemnified Person (but not tothe
 extent such Claims arise from (i) the gross negligence or willful misconduct of such Indemnified Person itself, as determined bya
 court of competent jurisdiction in final nonappealable judgment, as opposed to gross negligence or willful misconduct imputed toan
 Indemnified Person, or (ii) a breach in bad faith of such Indemnified Person’s obligations hereunder or under the other OperativeAgreements,
 as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction in final nonappealable judgment), whether or not such IndemnifiedPerson
 shall  also  be  indemnified  as  to  any  such  Claim  by  any  other  Person  and  whether  or  not  such  Claim  is  initiated  after  theTermination
 Date,  so  long  as  such  Claim  arises  out  of  an  act  or  omission  (or  other  circumstance  or  condition  of  any  kind  ordescription)
 which arose or occurred prior to the Termination Date, in any way relating to or arising or alleged to relate to, or ariseout
 of  the  execution,  delivery,  performance  or  enforcement  of  this  Agreement,  the  Lease,  the  Agency  Agreement  or  any  otherOperative
 Agreement or on or with respect to the Property or any component thereof, including Claims in any way relating to orarising
 or  alleged  to  arise  out  of  (a)  the  financing,  refinancing,  purchase,  acceptance,  rejection,  ownership,  design,  construction,refurbishment, development,
67
delivery, nondelivery, leasing, subleasing, possession, use, occupancy, operation, maintenance, repair, modification, transportation,condition,
 sale, return, repossession (whether by summary proceedings or otherwise), or any other disposition of the Property or anypart
 thereof, including the acquisition, holding or disposition of any interest in the Property, lease or agreement comprising a portionof
 any thereof; (b) any latent or other defects in the Property or any portion thereof whether or not discoverable by an IndemnifiedPerson
 or the Indemnity Provider; (c) any violation or alleged violation of law or in tort (strict liability or otherwise); (d) any Claimbased
 upon a violation or alleged violation of the terms of any restriction, easement, condition or covenant or other matter affectingtitle
 to the Property; (e) any violation of or noncompliance with (or alleged violation or noncompliance with) any EnvironmentalLaws,
 any Environmental Claims or any loss of or damage to any property or the environment relating to the Property, the Lease orthe
 Indemnity  Provider;  (f)  the  Operative  Agreements,  or  any  transaction  contemplated  thereby  (including  the  formation,continuance,
 operation and ultimate dissolution and liquidation of the Lessor) or any amendment, modification or waiver thereof orthe
 exercise of remedies under any Operative Agreement following the occurrence and continuance of any Lease Event of Default;(g)
 any breach by the Indemnity Provider, the Construction Agent or any Guarantor of any of its representations or warranties underthe
 Operative Agreements to which the Indemnity Provider, the Construction Agent or any Guarantor is a party or failure by theIndemnity
 Provider, the Construction Agent or any Guarantor to perform or observe any covenant or agreement to be performed byit
 under any of the Operative Agreements; (h) the making of any Modifications  in violation of the Operative Agreements or anystandards impose
d by any insurance policies required to be maintained by the Lessee pursuant to the Lease which are in effect at anytime
 with  respect  to  the  Property  or  any  part  thereof;  (i)  any  Claim  for  patent,  trademark  or  copyright  infringement;  (j)  thetransaction
s contemplated hereby or by any other Operative Agreement, in respect of the application of Parts 4 and 5 of Subtitle B ofTitle
 I of ERISA; (k) personal injury, death or property damage, including Claims based on strict or absolute liability in tort; (l) anyfees,
 expenses  and/or  other  assessments  by  any  business  park  or  any  other  applicable  entity  with  oversight  responsibility  for  theapplicable
 Property; (m) the retaining or employment of any broker, finder or financial advisor by the Lessee to act on its behalf inconnection
 with this Agreement or the other Operative Agreements; (n) Claims arising from any public improvements with respectto
 the Property resulting in any change or special assessments being levied against the Property or any plans to widen, modify orrealign
 any street or highway adjacent to the Property, or any Claim for utility “tap‑ in” fees; (o) except in all cases for the existenceof
 Lessor Liens and Liens created under the Operative Agreements in favor of any Financing Party, the existence of any Lien on orwith
 respect to the Property, the Improvements or any Equipment relating thereto, title thereto, any interest therein or on any BasicRent
 or Supplemental Rent, including any Liens which arise out of the possession, use, occupancy, construction, repair or rebuildingof
 the Property or by reason of labor or materials furnished or claimed to have been furnished to the Lessor or the Lessor or anypredecessor
 in title, or any of its contractors or agents or by reason of the financing of any personalty or equipment purchased orleased by the Lessee or the Lessor or any predecessor in title or Modifications constructed by the Lessee.
If
 a  written  Claim  is  made  against  any  Indemnified  Person  or  if  any  proceeding  shall  be  commenced  against  suchIndemnified
 Person (including a written notice of such proceeding), for any Claim, such Indemnified Person shall promptly notifythe Indemnity
 Provider in writing and shall not take action with respect to such Claim without the consent of the Indemnity Providerfor
68
thirty (30) days after the receipt of such notice by the Indemnity Provider; provided , however , that  in the case of any such Claim, ifaction
 shall be required by law or regulation to be taken prior to the end of such period of thirty (30) days, such Indemnified Personshall endeavor to,
 in such notice to the Indemnity Provider, inform the Indemnity Provider of such shorter period, and no action shallbe
 taken with respect to such Claim without the consent of the Indemnity Provider before seven (7) days before the end of suchshorter period; 
provided , further , that  the failure of such Indemnified Person to give the notices referred to in this sentence shall notdiminish
 the  Indemnity  Provider’s  obligation  hereunder  except  to  the  extent  such  failure  precludes  in  any  material  respect  theIndemnity Provider from contesting such Claim.
If,
 within thirty (30) days of receipt of such notice from the Indemnified Person (or such shorter period as the IndemnifiedPerson has notified the Indemnity Provider is required by law or regulation for the Indemnified Person to respond to such Claim), the
Indemnity Provider
 shall request in writing that such Indemnified Person respond to such Claim, the Indemnified Person shall, at theexpense
 of the Indemnity Provider, in good faith conduct and control such action (including by pursuit of appeals) by, in the solediscretion
 of the Person conducting and controlling such action (1) resisting payment thereof, (2) not paying the same except underprotest,
 if  protest  is  necessary  and  proper,  (3)  if  the  payment  be  made,  using  reasonable  efforts  to  obtain  a  refund  thereof  inappropriate
 administrative  and  judicial  proceedings,  or  (4)  taking  such  other  action  as  is  reasonably  requested  by  the  IndemnityProvider
 from time to time ( provided , however ,  that (A) if such Claim, in the Indemnity Provider’s reasonable discretion, can bepursued by
 the Indemnity Provider on behalf of or in the name of such Indemnified Person, the Indemnified Person, at the IndemnityProvider’s
 request, shall allow the Indemnity Provider to conduct and control the response to such Claim unless such Claim cannotbe
 pursued independently from any other claim involving such Indemnified Person or unless such Claim is unrelated to the Propertyor
 the transactions contemplated by the Operative Agreements and (B) in the case of any Claim (and notwithstanding the provisionsof
 the foregoing subsection (A)), the Indemnified Person may require the Indemnity Provider to conduct and control the response tosuch Claim (with counsel to be selected by the Indemnit
y Provider and consented to by such Indemnified Person, such consent not tobe
 unreasonably  withheld); provided , however ,  that  any  Indemnified  Person  may  retain  separate  counsel  at  the  expense  of  theIndemnity
 Provider if, in the written opinion of counsel to the Indemnified Person reasonably acceptable to the Indemnity Provider(the
 expense of which opinion shall be paid by the Indemnity Provider), use of counsel of the Indemnity Provider’s choice would beexpected to give rise to a conflict of interest between such Indemnified Person and the Indemnity Provider).
The
 party controlling the response to any Claim shall consult in good faith with the non‑ controlling party and shall keep thenon
‑controlling party reasonably informed as to the conduct of the response to such Claim; provided ,  that all decisions ultimatelyshall
 be made in the discretion of the controlling party. The parties agree that an Indemnified Person may at any time decline to takefurther action
 with respect to the response to such Claim and may settle such Claim if such Indemnified Person shall waive its rightsto
 any indemnity from the Indemnity Provider that otherwise would be payable in respect of such Claim (and any future Claim, thepursuit
 of  which  is  precluded  by  reason  of  such  resolution  of  such  Claim)  and  shall  pay  to  the  Indemnity  Provider  any  amountpreviously paid or advanced by the Indemnity Provider pursuant to this Section 11.1
69
by  way  of  indemnification  or  advance  for  the  payment  of  an  amount  regarding  such  Claim  (not  including  the  expenses  of  thecontest).
Notwithstanding
 the foregoing provisions of this Section 11.1, an Indemnified Person shall not be required to take any actionand
 the Indemnity Provider shall not be permitted to respond to any Claim in its own name or that of the Indemnified Person unless(A)
 the Indemnity Provider shall have agreed in writing to pay and shall pay to such Indemnified Person on demand and on an AfterTax
 Basis  all  reasonable  costs,  losses  and  expenses  that  such  Indemnified  Person  actually  incurs  in connection  with  such  Claim,including
 all reasonable legal, accounting and investigatory fees and disbursements and the Indemnity Provider shall have agreed inwriting
 to  indemnify  such  Indemnified  Person  in  respect  of  the  Claim  if  and  to  the  extent  the  contest  is  not  successful,  (B)  theIndemnified
 Person  shall  have  reasonably  determined  that  the  action  to  be  taken  will  not  result  in  any  material  danger  of  sale,forfeiture
 or loss of the Property, or any part thereof or interest therein, will not interfere with the payment of Rent, and will notresult
 in  risk  of  criminal  liability  or  civil  penalty  or  risk  of  sale,  forfeiture  or  loss  of  or  the  creation  of  any  Lien  (other  than  aPermitted Lien) on the Property, (C) if
 such Claim shall involve the payment of any amount prior to the resolution of such Claim, theIndemnity
 Provider  shall  provide  to  the  Indemnified  Person  an  interest‑ free  advance  in  an  amount  equal  to  the  amount  that  theIndemnified
 Person  is  required  to  pay  (with  no  additional  net  after‑ tax  cost  to  such  Indemnified  Person)  prior  to  the  date  suchpayment
 is due, (D) in the case of an appeal of an adverse determination respecting a Claim that must be pursued in the name of anIndemnified
 Person (or an Affiliate thereof), the Indemnity Provider shall have provided to such Indemnified Person an opinion ofindependent
 counsel  selected  by  the  Indemnity  Provider  and  reasonably  satisfactory  to  the  Indemnified  Person  stating  that  areasonable
 basis exists to pursue such an appeal, and (E) no Lease Default or Lease Event of Default shall have occurred and becontinuing.
 In no event shall an Indemnified Person be required to appeal an adverse judicial determination to the United StatesSupreme
 Court. In addition, an Indemnified Person shall not be required to contest any Claim in its name (or that of an Affiliate) ifthe
 subject matter thereof shall be of a continuing nature and shall have previously been decided adversely by a court of competentjurisdiction
 pursuant to the contest provisions of this Section 11.1, unless there shall have been a change in law (or interpretationthereof)
 and the Indemnified Person shall have received, at the Indemnity Provider’s expense, an opinion of independent counselselected by the
 Indemnity Provider and reasonably acceptable to the Indemnified Person stating that as a result of such change in law(or
 interpretation thereof), it is more likely than not that the Indemnified Person will prevail in such contest. In no event shall theIndemnity
 Provider be permitted to adjust or settle any Claim without the consent of the Indemnified Person to the extent any suchadjustment
 or settlement involves, or is reasonably likely to involve, any performance by or adverse admission by or with respect tothe Indemnified Person.
Notwithstanding
 anything to the contrary, indemnities provided pursuant to this Section 11.1 shall not include indemnitiesprovided pursuant to Section 11.2.
11.2
General Tax Indemnity . (a) 
     Subject to Section 11.6, the Indemnity Provider shall pay and assume liability for, and does hereby agree toindemnify, protect and defend the Property and all Indemnified
70
Persons, and hold them harmless against, all Impositions on an After Tax Basis, and all payments pursuant to the OperativeAgreements shall be made free and clear of and without deduction for any and all present and future Impositions.
(b) 
     Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in Section 11.2(a) hereof, the following shall be excluded from theindemnity required by Section 11.2(a):
(i) 
     Taxes  (other  than  Taxes  that  are,  or  are  in  the  nature  of,  sales,  use,  rental,  value  added,  transfer  orproperty
 taxes) that are imposed on an Indemnified Person (other than the Lessor) by the jurisdiction in which suchIndemnified
 Person is organized that are based on or measured by the net income (including taxes based on capitalgains
 and minimum taxes) of such Person; provided ,  that this clause (i) shall not be interpreted to prevent a paymentfrom being made on an After Tax Basis if such payment is otherwise required to be so made;
(ii) 
     Taxes (other  than Taxes  that are, or are in the nature  of, sales, use, rental,  value added,  transfer  orproperty
 taxes) that are imposed on any Indemnified Person (other than the Lessor) by any state or local jurisdictionor
 taxing  authority  within  any  state  or  local  jurisdiction  and  that  are  based  upon  or  measured  by  the  net  income(including
 taxes based on capital gains and minimum taxes) of such Person; provided ,  that such Taxes shall not beexcluded
 under  this  subparagraph  (ii)  to the  extent  the  sole  connections  between  such  Indemnified  Person  and  thejurisdictio
n imposing such Taxes is (A) the location, possession or use of the Property in, the location or the operationof
 the Lessee or any use of the Property in, or the making of payments under the Operative Agreements from, thejurisdiction
 imposing  such  Taxes  and/or  (B)  the  activities  of  any  one  or  more  of  the  Indemnified  Persons  in  thejurisdiction
 imposing  the  Taxes  in  connection  with  its  or  their  enforcement  of  remedies  under  the  OperativeAgreements; 
provided , further ,  that this clause (ii) shall not be interpreted to prevent a payment from being made onan After Tax Basis if such payment is otherwise required to be so made;
(iii) 
     any Taxes which are imposed on an Indemnified Person as a result of the gross negligence or willfulmisconduct of
 such Indemnified Person itself, as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction (as opposed to grossnegligence
 or willful misconduct imputed to such Indemnified Person), but not Taxes imposed as a result of ordinarynegligence of such Indemnified Person;
(iv) 
     any Taxes subject to indemnification under Section 11.2(e).71
(c)      (i)    Subject to the terms of Sections 11.2(f) and 11.6, the Indemnity Provider shall pay or cause to be paid allImpositions
 directly to the taxing authorities where feasible and otherwise to the Indemnified Person, as appropriate, and theIndemnity Provider
 shall at its own expense, upon such Indemnified Person’s reasonable request, furnish to such IndemnifiedPerson copies of official receipts or other satisfactory proof evidencing such payment.
(ii)    In the case of Impositions for which no contest is conducted pursuant to Section 11.2(f) and which the
Indemnity Provider pays directly to the taxing authorities, the Indemnity Provider shall (subject to Section 11.6) pay
such Impositions prior to the latest time permitted by the relevant taxing authority for timely payment. In the case of
Impositions for which the Indemnity Provider reimburses an Indemnified Person, the Indemnity Provider shall do so
within thirty (30) days after receipt by the Indemnity Provider of demand by such Indemnified Person describing in
reasonable detail the nature of the Imposition and the basis for the demand (including the computation of the amount
payable), accompanied by receipts, if available, or other reasonable evidence of such demand (and shall make
advances with respect to such Impositions in the manner and to the extent provided by Section 11.2(f) and 11.1 prior
to such date). In the case of Impositions for which a contest is conducted pursuant to Section 11.2(f), the Indemnity
Provider shall (subject to Section 11.6) pay such Impositions or reimburse such Indemnified Person for such
Impositions, to the extent not previously paid, advanced or reimbursed pursuant to subsection (a) or (f), prior to the
latest time permitted by the relevant taxing authority for timely payment after conclusion of all contests under
Section 11.2(f) (and shall make advances with respect to such Impositions in the manner and to the extent provided by
Section 11.2(f) and 11.1 prior to such date).
(iii)    At the Indemnity Provider’s request, the amount of any indemnification payment by the Indemnity
Provider pursuant to subsection (a) shall be verified and certified by an independent public accounting firm mutually
acceptable to the Indemnity Provider and the Indemnified Person. The fees and expenses of such independent public
accounting firm shall be paid by the Indemnity Provider.
(d) 
     The  Indemnity  Provider  shall  be  responsible  for  preparing  and  filing  any  real  and  personal  property  or  advalorem
 tax returns in respect of the Property and any other tax returns required of the Lessor respecting the transactionsdescribed
 in the Operative Agreements. In case any report or tax return shall be required to be made with respect to any Taxindemnified
 by the Indemnity Provider under subsection (a), the Indemnity Provider, at its sole cost and expense, shall notifythe
 relevant Indemnified Person of such requirement and (except if such Indemnified Person notifies the Indemnity Providerthat
 such Indemnified Person intends to prepare and file such report or return) (A) to the extent required or permitted by andconsistent
 with Legal Requirements, make and file in the Indemnity Provider’s name such return, statement or report; and(B) in the case of any other such return, statement or
72
report required to be made in the name of such Indemnified Person, advise such Indemnified Person of such fact and preparesuch
 return,  statement  or  report  for  filing  by  such  Indemnified  Person  or,  where  such  return,  statement  or  report  shall  berequired
 to  reflect  items  in  addition  to  any  obligations  of  the  Indemnity  Provider  under  or  arising  out  of  subsection  (a),provide
 such  Indemnified  Person  at  the  Indemnity  Provider’s  expense  with  information  sufficient  to  permit  such  return,statement
 or report to be properly made with respect to any obligations of the Indemnity Provider under or arising out ofsubsection
 (a).  Such  Indemnified  Person  shall,  upon  the  Indemnity  Provider’s  request  and  at  the  Indemnity  Provider’sexpense, provide
 any data maintained by such Indemnified Person (and not otherwise available to or within the control of theIndemnity
 Provider)  with  respect  to  the  Property  which  the  Indemnity  Provider  may  reasonably  require  to  prepare  anyrequired tax returns or reports.
(e) 
     As between the Indemnity Provider on one hand, and each Financing Party on the other hand, the IndemnityProvider
 shall  be  responsible  for,  and  the  Indemnity  Provider  shall  indemnify  and  hold  harmless  each  Financing  Party(including,
 for purposes of this Section 11.2(e), each Participant to the extent such Participant is entitled to the benefit of thisprovision pursuant
 to Section 9.7 of the applicable Loan Agreement) (without duplication of any indemnification required bysubsection
 (a)  and  subject  to  Section  11.6)  on  an  After  Tax  Basis  against,  any  obligation  for  United  States  or  foreignwithholding
 taxes  or  similar  levies,  imposts,  charges,  fees,  deductions  or  withholdings  (collectively,  “ Withholdings ”) imposed
 in respect of the interest payable on the Credit Notes, the Mortgage Notes, the Lessor Yield payable on the LessorAdvances,
 Rent payable under the Lease or with respect to any other payments under the Operative Agreements to be madewithout
 deduction, withholding or set-off (all such payments being referred to herein as “ Exempt  Payments ”)  (including, ifany
 Financing Party receives a demand for such payment from any taxing authority or a Withholding is otherwise requiredwith
 respect  to  any  Exempt  Payment,  the  Indemnity  Provider  shall  discharge  such  demand  on  behalf  of  such  FinancingParty); 
provided , however , that the obligation of the Indemnity Provider under this Section 11.2(e) shall not apply to: (i) 
     Withholdings on any Exempt Payment to any Financing Party which is a non‑ U.S. Person unless suchFinancing
 Party is, on the date hereof (or on the date it becomes a Financing Party hereunder) and on the date of anychange
 in the principal place of business or the lending office of such Financing Party, entitled to submit and submitsto
 Agent  (which  shall  be  available  to  the  Indemnity  Provider  upon  request)  a  Form  W-8BEN,  Form  W‑ 8BEN‑E,Form
 W‑8IMY,  Form  W-8ECI  or  other  applicable  forms  (relating  to  such  Financing  Party  and  entitling  it  to  acomplete
 exemption  from  Withholding  on  such  Exempt  Payment)  or  is  otherwise  subject  to  exemption  fromWithholding
 with respect to such Exempt Payment (except (a) in the case of a transferee, if the transferring Lessor,Credit
 Lender or Mortgage Lender was being indemnified against withholdings at the time of transfer as a result of achange
 in law after the Closing Date or (b) where the failure of the exemption results from a change in the principalplace of business of the Lessee), or
73
(ii)      Any U.S. Taxes imposed solely by reason of the failure by a non‑ U.S. Person to comply with applicablecertification,
 information,  documentation  or  other  reporting  requirements  concerning  the  nationality,  residence,identity
 or connections with the United States of America of such non‑ U.S. Person if such compliance is required bystatute
 or regulation of the United States of America as a precondition to relief or exemption from such U.S. Taxes(but only if the non-U.S. Person can truthfully and legally comply with such requirement).
For
 the purposes of this Section 11.2(e), (A) “ U.S.  Person ”  shall mean a citizen, national or resident of the UnitedStates
 of America, a corporation, partnership or other entity created or organized in or under any laws of the United States ofAmerica
 or any State thereof, or any estate or trust that is subject to Federal income taxation regardless of the source of itsincome
 and (B) “ U.S.  Taxes ”  shall mean any present or future tax, assessment or other charge or levy imposed by or onbehalf of the United States of America or any taxing authority thereof or therein.
If
 a Financing Party or an Affiliate with whom such Financing Party files a consolidated tax return (or equivalent)subsequently
 receives the benefit in any country of a tax credit or an allowance resulting from U.S. Taxes with respect towhich it
 has received a payment of an additional amount under this Section 11.2(e), so long as no Lease Event of Default hasoccurred and is continuing (or at such time as such Lease Event of Default is no longer continuing), such Financing Party will
pay
 to  the  Indemnity  Provider  such  part  of  that  benefit  as  in  the  opinion  of  such  Financing  Party,  in  its  commerciallyreasonable
 discretion, will leave it (after such payment) in a position no more and no less favorable than it would have beenin
 if no additional payment had been required to be paid, provided always  that (i) such Financing Party will be the sole judgeof
 the amount of any such benefit and of the date on which it is received, (ii) such Financing Party will have the absolutediscretion
 as  to  the  order  and  manner  in  which  it  employs  or  claims  tax  credits  and  allowances  available  to  it,  (iii)  suchFinancing
 Party  will  not  be  obliged  to disclose  to the  Lessor  or  the  Indemnity  Provider  any  information  regarding  its taxaffairs or tax
 computations, and (iv) after receipt of a written request from the Indemnity Provider, such Financing Party shallprovide a written statement generally describing its decision (but subject to the limitation in the preceding clause (iii)).
Each
 non‑ U.S. Person that shall become a Financing Party after the date hereof shall, upon the effectiveness of therelated
 transfer  or  otherwise  upon  becoming  a  Financing  Party  hereunder,  be  required  to  provide  all  of  the  forms  andstatements
 referenced above or other evidences of exemption from Withholdings to Agent, which shall be available to theIndemnity Provider
 upon request (unless the transferor of such Financing Party was being indemnified against withholding atthe time of the transfer as a result of a change in law after the Closing Date).
(f) 
     If an Imposition is made against any Indemnified Person or if any proceeding shall be commenced against suchIndemnified
 Person  (including  a  written  notice  of  such  proceeding),  for  any  Imposition,  such  Indemnified  Person  shallpromptly notify the
74
Indemnity Provider in writing and shall not take action with respect to such Imposition without the consent of the IndemnityProvider
 (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed) for thirty (30) days after the receipt of suchnotice
 by the Indemnity Provider; provided , however ,  that in the case of any such Imposition, if action shall be required bylaw or
 regulation to be taken prior to the end of such period of thirty (30) days, such Indemnified Person shall endeavor to, insuch
 notice to the Indemnity Provider, inform the Indemnity Provider of such shorter period, and no action shall be takenwith respect to such Imposition without
 the consent of the Indemnity Provider (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld,conditioned
 or delayed) before seven (7) days before the end of such shorter period; provided , further ,  that the failure ofsuch Indemnified Person to give the
 notices referred to in this sentence shall not diminish the Indemnity Provider’s obligationhereunder except to the extent such failure effectively precludes the Indemnity Provider from contesting such Imposition.
If,
 within  thirty  (30)  days  of  receipt  of  such  notice  from  the  Indemnified  Person  (or  such  shorter  period  as  theIndemnified
 Person  has  notified  the  Indemnity  Provider  is  required  by  law  or  regulation  for  the  Indemnified  Person  torespond
 to  such  Imposition),  the  Indemnity  Provider  shall  request  in  writing  that  such  Indemnified  Person  contest  suchImposition,
 the Indemnified Person shall, at the expense of the Indemnity Provider, in good faith conduct and control suchaction
 with counsel selected by the Indemnified Person and consented to by the Indemnity Provider, such consent not to beunreasonably
 withheld (including by pursuit of appeals) by, in the sole discretion of the Person conducting and controllingsuch
 action (1) resisting payment thereof, (2) not paying the same except under protest, if protest is necessary and proper,(3)
 if  the  payment  be  made,  using  reasonable  efforts  to  obtain  a  refund  thereof  in  appropriate  administrative  and  judicialproceedings,
 or (4) taking such other action as is reasonably requested by the Indemnity Provider from time to time providedthat
 such  other  action  cannot  reasonably  be  expected  to  have  any  adverse  effect  on  the  Indemnified  Person  ( provided , however 
,  that  (A)  if  such  contest,  in  the  Indemnified  Person’s  reasonable  discretion,  can  be  pursued  by  the  IndemnityProvider
 in its own name, the Indemnified Person, at the Indemnity Provider’s request, shall allow the Indemnity Provider toconduct
 and control the contest of such Imposition unless such Imposition cannot be pursued independently from any otherclaim
 involving  such  Indemnified  Person  or  unless  such  Imposition  is  unrelated  to  the  Property  or  the  transactionscontemplated
 by the Operative Agreements and (B) in the case of any Imposition (and notwithstanding the provisions of theforegoing
 subsection (A)), the Indemnified Person may require the Indemnity Provider to conduct and control the contest ofsuch
 Imposition (with counsel to be selected by the Indemnity Provider and consented to by such Indemnified Person, suchconsent
 not to be unreasonably withheld); provided , however ,  that any Indemnified Person may retain separate counsel atthe expense of the Indemnity Provider if, in the written opinion of counsel to the Indemnified Person reasonably acceptable to
the
 Indemnity  Provider  (the  expense  of  which  opinion  shall  be  paid  by  the  Indemnity  Provider),  use  of  counsel  of  theIndemnity
 Provider’s choice would be expected to give rise to a conflict of interest between such Indemnified Person and theIndemnity Provider).
75
The party controlling the contest of any Imposition shall consult in good faith with the non‑ controlling party and shallkeep
 the non‑ controlling party reasonably informed as to the conduct of the contest of such Imposition; provided ,  that alldecisions ultimately shall be made in the discretion of the controlling party. The parties agree that an Indemnified Person may
at
 any time decline to take further action with respect to the contest of such Imposition and may settle such contest if suchIndemnified
 Person shall waive its rights to any indemnity from the Indemnity Provider that otherwise would be payable inrespect
 of such Imposition (and any future Imposition, the pursuit of which is precluded by reason of such resolution of suchcontest) and shall
 pay to the Indemnity Provider any amount previously paid or advanced by the Indemnity Provider pursuantto
 this  Section  11.2  by  way  of  indemnification  or  advance  for  the  payment  of  an  amount  regarding  such  Imposition  (notincluding the expenses of the contest).
Notwithstanding
 the foregoing provisions of this Section 11.2(f), an Indemnified Person shall not be required to takeany
 action  and  the  Indemnity  Provider  shall  not  be  permitted  to  contest  any  Imposition  in  its  own  name  or  that  of  theIndemnified
 Person unless (A) the Indemnity Provider shall have agreed in writing to pay and shall pay to such IndemnifiedPerson
 on demand and on an After Tax Basis all reasonable costs, losses and expenses that such Indemnified Person actuallyincurs
 in connection with such contest, including all reasonable legal, accounting and investigatory fees and disbursementsand
 the Indemnity Provider shall have agreed in writing to indemnify such Indemnified Person in respect of the Imposition ifand
 to the extent the contest is not successful, (B) the Indemnified Person shall have reasonably determined that the action tobe taken
 will not result in any material danger of sale, forfeiture or loss of the Property, or any part thereof or interest therein,will
 not interfere with the payment of Rent, and will not result in risk of criminal liability or risk of sale, forfeiture or loss ofor the
 creation of any Lien (other than a Permitted Lien) on the Property, (C) if such contest shall involve the payment of anyamount prior to the resolution of such contest, the Indemnity Provider shall provide to the Indemnified Person an interest
‑ freeadvance in an amount equal to the amount that the Indemnified Person is required to pay (with no additional net after
‑ tax costto
 such Indemnified Person) prior to the date such payment is due, (D) in the case of a contest of an Imposition that cannotand
 is  not  to  be  pursued  in  the  name  of  the  Indemnity  Provider,  the  Indemnity  Provider  shall  have  provided  to  suchIndemnified
 Person an opinion of independent counsel selected by the Indemnity Provider and reasonably satisfactory to theIndemnified
 Person stating that a reasonable basis exists to pursue the contest (or in the case of an appeal of adverse judicialdetermination,
 the  position  asserted  in  such  appeal  will  more  likely  than  not  prevail),  and  (E)  no  Lease  Default  or  LeaseEvent
 of Default shall have occurred and be continuing. In no event shall an Indemnified Person be required to appeal anadverse
 judicial determination to the United States Supreme Court. In addition, an Indemnified Person shall not be requiredto
 contest any Imposition in its name (or that of an Affiliate) if the subject matter thereof shall be of a continuing nature andshall
 have previously been decided adversely by a court of competent jurisdiction pursuant to the contest provisions of thisSection 11.2(f),
 unless there shall have been a change in law (or interpretation thereof) and the Indemnified Person shall havereceived,
 at  the  Indemnity  Provider’s  expense,  an  opinion  of  nationally‑ recognized  independent  counsel  selected  by  theIndemnity Provider and
76
reasonably acceptable to the Indemnified Person stating that as a result of such change in law (or interpretation thereof), thatthe
 Indemnified  Person should prevail in such contest. In no event shall the Indemnity  Provider be permitted  to adjust orsettle the
 contest of Imposition without the consent of the Indemnified Person to the extent any such adjustment or settlementinvolves,
 or is reasonably likely to involve, any performance by or adverse admission by or with respect to the IndemnifiedPerson.
(g) 
     Each Lender has entered into the transactions contemplated by the Operative Agreements on the assumptionthat
 the  Loans  are  properly  characterized  for  Federal,  State  and  local  income  tax  purposes  as  debt  (the  “ Assumed Characterization 
”).  If for any reason (and notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in the Operative Agreementsand
 without regard to paragraph (b) hereof, except subsections (iii) and (iv) thereof), any Financing Party shall suffer anyadverse
 Federal, State or local income tax consequences as a result any challenge to the Assumed Characterization (a “ Tax Loss 
”),  the Indemnity Provider will pay to such Financing Party an amount sufficient to reimburse such Financing Party, onan
 After Tax Basis, for the additional Federal, State and local income taxes payable by (or not refundable to) such FinancingParty
 from time to time as a result of such Tax Loss plus all interest, penalties, fines and additions to tax payable by suchFinancing
 Party as a result of such Tax Loss. In connection with the foregoing, the applicable Financing Party shall providewritten
 notice to the Indemnity Provider of any claim for indemnification under this Section 11.2(g). Any such claim shall besubject
 to  the  contest  provisions  of  Section  11.2(f)  and  the  verification  procedure  set  forth  in  Section  11.2(c)(iii).  Anypayments due
 to such Financing Party pursuant to this Section 11.2(g) shall be paid no later than the date that such FinancingParty shall become obligated to pay the additional Federal, State or local income taxes resulting from the Tax Loss.
11.3
Yield Protection Amount . Subject to Section 11.6, if any Regulatory Change occurring after the date hereof:
(a) 
     shall impose upon any Financing Party (which, for purposes of this Section 11.3, shall include any Participant tothe
 extent  such  Participant  is  entitled  to  the  benefit  of  this  provision  pursuant  to  Section  9.7  of  the  applicable  LoanAgreement),
 modify or deem applicable any reserve, special deposit or similar requirement against assets of any FinancingParty,
 deposits or obligations with or for the account of any Financing Party or with or for the account of any Affiliate (orentity
 deemed by the Federal Reserve Board to be an Affiliate) of any Financing Party, or credit extended by any FinancingParty; or
(b) 
     shall change the amount of capital maintained or required or requested or directed to be maintained by anyFinancing Party or such Financing Party’s holding company; or
(c) 
     shall impose any other condition affecting any Note, any Lessor Advance or any Operative Agreement (or anyFinancing
 Party’s participation therein) or any of its obligations or right to acquire or hold any Note or any Lessor Advance;and the result of
77
any of the foregoing is or would be with regard to the transactions evidenced by the Operative Agreements:(i) 
     to increase the cost to (or impose a cost on) a Financing Party funding or acquiring or holding any Note,any
 Lessor  Advance,  or  loans  or  other  extensions  of  credit  under  any  Operative  Agreement  or  any  obligation  orcommitment of such Financing Party with respect to any of the foregoing,
(ii) 
     to reduce the amount of any sum received or receivable by a Financing Party as a Mortgage Lender, aCredit
 Lender or as the Lessor (or otherwise in respect of any of the Notes or Lessor Advances), under any OperativeAgreement (or its participation in any of the foregoing), or
(iii) 
     to reduce the rate of return on the capital of such a Financing Party as a consequence of its obligationsunder
 the Operative Agreements (or its participation therein) to a level below that which such Financing Party couldotherwise have achieved,
in
 each case by an amount deemed by such Financing Party to be material, in its commercially reasonable discretion, thenprior
 to the next Scheduled Payment Date, and in any case within thirty (30) days after demand by such Financing Party, theLessee
 shall  pay  directly  to  such  Financing  Party  such  additional  amount  or  amounts  as  will  compensate  such  FinancingParty for such additional or increased cost or such reduction (the “ 
Yield Protection Amount ”). In
 determining any amount provided for or referred to in this Section 11.3, a Financing Party may use any reasonableaveraging
 and attribution method that it (in its sole discretion) shall deem applicable. Any Financing Party when making aclaim
 under this Section 11.3 shall submit to the Lessee a statement as to such increased cost or reduced return (includingcalculation
 thereof in reasonable detail), which statement shall, in the absence of error, be conclusive and binding upon theLessee.
78
(d)      Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, if any Financing Party (including, for purposes of thisSection
 11.3(d), any Participant to the extent such Participant is entitled to the benefit of this provision pursuant to Section9.7
 of the applicable Loan Agreement) shall notify the Agent that the introduction of or any change in or in the interpretationof
 any law or regulation makes it unlawful, or any central bank or other governmental authority asserts that it is unlawful, forany
 Financing  Party  to  perform  its  obligations  hereunder  to  make  or  maintain  Eurodollar  Loans  or  Eurodollar  LessorAdvances,
 as  the  case  may  be,  then  (i)  each  Eurodollar  Loan  or  Eurodollar  Lessor  Advance,  as  the  case  may  be,  willautomatically,
 at the earlier of the end of the Accrual Period for such Eurodollar Loan or Eurodollar Lessor Advance, as thecase
 may be, or the date required by law, convert into an ABR Loan or an ABR Lessor Advance, as the case may be, and(ii)
 the obligation of the Financing Parties to make, convert or continue Eurodollar Loans or Eurodollar Lessor Advances, asthe
 case may be, shall be suspended until the Agent shall notify the Lessee that such Financing Party has determined that thecircumstances causing such suspension no longer exist.
11.4
Funding/Contribution Indemnity . Subject
 to Section 11.6, the Lessee agrees to indemnify each Financing Party (which, for purposes of this Section 11.4, shallinclude
 any  Participant  to  the  extent  such  Participant  is  entitled  to  the  benefit  of  this  provision  pursuant  to  Section  9.7  of  theapplicable
 Loan Agreement) and to hold each Financing Party harmless from (I) all Breakage Costs, and (II) any loss or reasonableexpense
 which such Financing Party may sustain or incur as a consequence of (a) any default in connection with the drawing offunds
 for  any  Advance,  (b)  any  default  in  making  any  prepayment  after  a  notice  thereof  has  been  given  in  accordance  with  theprovisions
 of the Operative Agreements or the delivery by the Lessee of a revocation of such a notice (notwithstanding that eachsuch
 notice is expressly irrevocable and that the Lessee has no right to revoke) pursuant to Section 16.2(a) or 20.2 of the Lease or(c) the making of a voluntary or involuntary payment of Loans (except for ABR Loans), or Lessor Advances (except for ABR Lessor
Advances),
 as the case may be, on a day which is not the last day of an Interest Period with respect thereto. Such indemnificationshall be in an
 amount equal to the excess, if any, of (x) the amount of interest or Lessor Yield, as the case may be, which would haveaccrued on the
 amount so paid, or not so borrowed, accepted, converted or continued for the period from the date of such payment orof
 such failure to borrow, accept, convert or continue to the last day of such Interest Period (or, in the case of a failure to borrow,accept, convert or
 continue, the Interest Period that would have commenced on the date of such failure) in each case at the applicableInterest
 Rate or Lessor Yield for such Loan or Lessor Advance, as the case may be, for such Interest Period over (y) the amount ofinterest
 (as  determined  by  such  Financing  Party  in  its  commercially  reasonable  discretion)  which  would  have  accrued  to  suchFinancing
 Party on such amount by (i) (in the case of the Lenders) reemploying such funds in loans of the same type and amountduring
 the period from the date of payment or failure to borrow to the last day of the then applicable Interest Period (or, in the caseof
 a failure to borrow, the Interest Period that would have commenced on the date of such failure) and (ii) (in the case of the Lessor)placing
 such amount on deposit for a comparable period with leading banks in the relevant interest rate market. This covenant shallsurvive the termination of the Operative Agreements and the payment of all other amounts payable hereunder.
79
11.5EXPRESS INDEMNIFICATION FOR ORDINARY NEGLIGENCE, STRICT LIABILITY, ETC . WITHOUT LIMITING THE GENERALITY OF
 THE INDEMNIFICATION PROVISIONS OF ANY AND ALL OFTHE
 OPERATIVE  AGREEMENTS  (BUT  SUBJECT  TO  SECTION  11.6),  EACH  PERSON  PROVIDINGINDEMNIFICATION
 OF  ANOTHER  PERSON  UNDER  ANY  OPERATIVE  AGREEMENT  HEREBY  FURTHEREXPRESSLY
 RELEASES EACH BENEFICIARY OF ANY SUCH INDEMNIFICATION FROM ALL CLAIMS FORLOSS
 OR DAMAGE, DESCRIBED IN ANY OPERATIVE AGREEMENT, CAUSED BY ANY ACT OR OMISSION ONTHE PART OF ANY SUCH BENEFICIARY ATTRIBUTABLE TO THE ORDINARY NEGLIGENCE (WHETHE
R SOLEOR
 CONTRIBUTORY) OR STRICT LIABILITY OF ANY SUCH BENEFICIARY, AND INDEMNIFIES, EXONERATESAND HOLDS EACH SUCH BENEFICIAR
Y FREE AND HARMLESS FROM AND AGAINST ANY AND ALL ACTIONS,CAUSES
 OF ACTION, SUITS, CLAIMS, LOSSES, COSTS, LIABILITIES, DAMAGES AND EXPENSES (INCLUDINGATTORNEY’S
 FEES  AND  EXPENSES),  DESCRIBED  ABOVE,  INCURRED  BY  ANY  SUCH  BENEFICIARY(IRRESPECTIVE
 OF  WHETHER  ANY  SUCH  BENEFICIARY  IS  A  PARTY  TO  THE  ACTION  FOR  WHICHINDEMNIFICATION
 UNDER  THIS  AGREEMENT  OR  ANY  OTHER  OPERATIVE  AGREEMENT  IS  SOUGHT)ATTRIBUTABLE
 TO  THE  ORDINARY  NEGLIGENCE  (WHETHER  SOLE  OR  CONTRIBUTORY)  OR  STRICTLIABILITY OF ANY SUCH BENEFICIARY.
11.6
Limitations on Indemnification Obligations . (a) 
     During the Construction Period (but only during the Construction Period), the provisions of Sections 11.1, 11.2,11.3,
 11.4  and  11.5  and  any  other  indemnity  provisions  in  any  Operative  Agreement  shall  be  subject  to  the  followingprovisions:
(i) 
     The  term  “Indemnified  Person”  shall  mean  the  Lessor  and  no  other  Person  (including  the  Agent);provided,
 that  this  provision  shall  not  limit  the  rights  of  the  Financing  Parties  (other  than  the  Lessor)  and  theirrespective
 successors, assigns, directors, shareholders, members, managers, partners, officers, employees, agents andAffiliates
 (collectively,  the  “ Other  Indemnified  Persons ”)  against  the  Lessor  under  Section  11.6(a)(iii).Notwithstanding
 anything to the contrary in this Agreement, the liability of the Indemnity Provider shall be limited toClaims
 caused by or resulting from the actions or failures to act of the Indemnity Provider or any other ConstructionAgency
 Person while the Indemnity Provider or any Construction Agency Person is in possession or control of theProperty.
(ii) 
     The  Indemnity  Provider  shall  only  be  required  to  indemnify  the  Lessor  for  the  following  Claims(including
 Claims against the Lessor of any Other Indemnified Person), without duplication, and subject to Section11.6(c):
(A) 
     Claims caused by or resulting from a Specified Event;80
(B)      Claims caused by or resulting from the failure to effect Completion; and(C) 
     Claims arising under the foregoing Sections 11.6(a)(ii)(A) and (ii)(B) of each Other IndemnifiedPerson.
(iii) 
     Subject to Section 12.9, the Lessor will, with respect to Claims of a type described in Sections 11.6(a)(ii)(A),
 (ii)(B)  and  (ii)(C),  indemnify  all  Persons  who  would  have  otherwise  been  indemnified  by  the  IndemnityProvider,
 to  the  extent  such  Persons  would  have  been  so  indemnified,  but  for  the  foregoing  provisions  of  Section11.6(a)(i);
 provided, however, that any obligation of the Lessor pursuant to this subsection shall be discharged solelyand
 exclusively from amounts received by the Lessor from the Indemnity Provider pursuant to Section 11.6(a)(ii)(C)or
 from  Advances  and  to  the  extent  such  amounts  are  insufficient  to  pay  such  Claims,  then  Lessor  shall  have  noresponsibility therefor.
(iv) 
     The Indemnity Provider agrees that any Claim for indemnification by any Person against the Lessorpursuant to
 and permitted by Section 11.6(a)(iii) shall constitute a Claim entitling the Lessor to be indemnified by theIndemnity Provider pursuant and in accordance with this Section 11.6.
(b) 
     The limitations set forth in this Section 11.6 shall continue to apply on and after the Completion Date withrespect to Claims accruing prior to the Completion Date.
(c) 
     Regarding  the  Claims  referenced  in  Sections  11.6(a)(ii)(B)  and  11.6(a)(ii)(C),  the  out-of-pocket  amountspayable
 by  the  Indemnity  Provider  shall  be  limited  in  accordance  with  Section  11.6(d); provided ,  that  even  though  themaximum
 out-of-pocket liability of the Indemnity Provider for any such Claim is limited as aforesaid, the balance of anysuch
 Claim shall, if requested in writing by the Agent in its commercially reasonable discretion, be funded by Advances tothe
 extent amounts are available therefor with respect to the Available Credit Loan Commitment, the Available MortgageLoan
 Commitment and the Available Lessor Commitment (subject to the rights of the Lessor and the Lenders to increasetheir
 respective commitment  amounts in accordance  with Section 5.8) and shall result in an increase in the Property Cost(subject to
 the following provisions of this subsection (c)), and such Advances shall be made otherwise without regard to anysubmission
 of  a  Requisition  or  other  deliverable  for  such  Advance  and  without  regard  to  the  satisfaction  of  any  otherconditions
 precedent regarding such Advance and, for whatever reason, if there are not sufficient Advances available to paythe
 balance of any such Claim, it is hereby acknowledged and agreed that Lessor or any Lender may fund such amount itselfas
 an Advance to be added to the Property Cost (subject to the following provisions of this subsection (c)). In the event thatany
 such Claim pursuant to Sections 11.6(a)(ii)(B) or 11.6(a)(ii)(C) is funded through Advances, any increase in PropertyCost
 resulting therefrom shall not be included solely for purposes of (but for no other purpose) determining Property Costregarding
 (i)  the  calculation  of the  Construction  Period  Guarantee  Amount,  (ii)  the  calculation  of the  Maximum  ResidualGuarantee Amount and
 (iii) the calculation of any Basic Rent that is to accrue prior to the Rent Commencement Date. For allother purposes,
81
Property  Cost  shall  be  increased  by  the  amount  of  any  Advance  funding  a  Claim,  including  for  purposes  of  (i)  thedetermination
 of Termination Value where the Construction Agent or the Lessee is obligated to pay Termination Value and(ii) the
 determination and allocation of sale proceeds from any purchase of the Property by the Lessee (or its designee) or thesale
 of the Property to any other Person (including in connection with the exercise of remedies pursuant to the occurrence ofan Event of Default).
(d) 
     Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Indemnity Provider’s indemnification obligations under this Section 11.6 tothe
 extent but only to the extent relating to amounts due and owing regarding Completion (other than Claims relating to aSpecified Event) are limited to the Construction Period Guarantee Amount.
THE
 INDEMNITY OBLIGATIONS UNDERTAKEN BY THE LESSOR PURSUANT TO THIS SECTION 11.6ARE IN ALL RESPECTS SUBJECT TO THE 
LIMITATIONS ON LIABILITY REFERENCED IN SECTION 12.9.11.7
Increase of Mortgage Loans, Credit Loans and Lessor Advances . The
 Mortgage Loans, the Credit Loans and the Lessor Advances (and the Mortgage Loan Property Cost and the Credit LoanProperty Cost) shall be increased on a
 dollar-for-dollar basis for amounts so advanced to the Lessor to pay indemnity claims incurredby the Lessor pursuant to Section 11.6.
11.8
Survival . The
 obligations  of  the  Indemnity  Provider  under  this  Section  11  shall  survive  in  accordance  with  the  provisions  ofSection 12.1.
SECTION 12. 
     MISCELLANEOUS.
12.1
Survival of Agreements . The
 representations,  warranties,  covenants,  indemnities  and  agreements  of  the  parties  provided  for  in  the  OperativeAgreements,
 and the parties’ obligations under any and all thereof, shall survive the execution and delivery of this Agreement, thetransfer
 of  the  Property  to  the  Lessor,  the  construction  of  the  Improvements,  Completion,  any  disposition  of  any  interest  of  theLessor
 in the Property, the payment of the Notes and any disposition thereof and shall be and continue in effect notwithstanding anyinvestigation
 made  by  any  party  and  the  fact  that  any  party  may  waive  compliance  with  any  of  the  other  terms,  provisions  orconditions of
 any of the Operative Agreements. Except as otherwise expressly set forth herein or in other Operative Agreements, theindemnities
 of  the  parties  provided  for  in  the  Operative  Agreements  shall  survive  the  expiration  or  termination  of  the  OperativeAgreements.
12.2
Notices . 82
(a)    Except as otherwise set forth in subsection (b), all notices and other communications provided for under any OperativeAgreement
 shall be in writing and shall be delivered by hand or overnight courier service, mail, e-mail, by certified or registeredmail or sent by telecopy, as follows:
If to the Lessee, to such entity at the following address:
NVIDIA Land Development, LLC
c/o NVIDIA Corporation
2701 San Tomas Expressway
Santa Clara, CA 95050
Attention: Colette M. Kress, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Telephone: (408) 486-3442
Email: ckress@nvidia.com
with a copy to:
NVIDIA Corporation
2701 San Tomas Expressway
Santa Clara, CA 95050
Attention: David M. Shannon, Executive Vice President, Chief Administrative Officer and Secretary
Telephone: (408) 486-8116
Email: dshannon@nvidia.com
and with a copy to:
Cooley LLP
4401 Eastgate Mall
San Diego, CA 92121
Attention: Samantha M. LaPine
Telephone: (858) 550-6005
Email: slapine@cooley.com
If to the Guarantors, to each such entity at the following address:
NVIDIA Corporation
2701 San Tomas Expressway
Santa Clara, CA 95050
Attention: Colette M. Kress, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Telephone: (408) 486-3442
Email: ckress@nvidia.com
83
with a copy to:NVIDIA Corporation
2701 San Tomas Expressway
Santa Clara, CA 95050
Attention: David M. Shannon, Executive Vice President, Chief Administrative Officer and Secretary
Telephone: (408) 486-8116
Email: dshannon@nvidia.com
and with a copy to:
Cooley LLP
4401 Eastgate Mall
San Diego, CA 92121
Attention: Samantha M. LaPine
Telephone: (858) 550-6005
Email: slapine@cooley.com
If to the Lessor, to it at the following address:
Wachovia Service Corporation
c/o Wells Fargo Securities, LLC
MAC D1086-051
550 South Tryon Street
Charlotte, NC 28202
Attention: Jack Altmeyer
Telephone: (704) 410-2405
Email:
If to the Agent, to it at the following address:
Wells Fargo Bank, National Association
1525 West WT Harris Blvd
Charlotte, NC 28262
Attention: Tom Nikolic / Lisa Starnes
Telephone: (704) 590-2785 / (704) 590-3481
Email:
If to any Lender, to it at its address (or e-mail or fax number) set forth on 
Schedule 2.1 to the respective Loan Agreement. (b)
    Communications to the Lenders or the Lessor may be delivered or furnished by electronic communication (including e-mail
 and  Internet  or  intranet  websites,  including  the  Platform)  pursuant  to  procedures  approved  by  the  Agent; provided that  theforegoing shall not apply
84
to notices to any Lender or the Lessor if such Lender or the Lessor has notified the Agent that it is incapable of receiving notices byelectronic
 communication. The Agent or the Credit Parties may, in its discretion, agree to accept notices and other Communicationspursuant
 to  procedures  approved  by  it; provided that  approval  of  such  procedures  may  be  limited  to  particular  notices  orCommunications.
(c)
    The  Agent  agrees  that  the  receipt  of  the  Communications  by  the  Agent  at  its  e-mail  address  set  forth  above  shallconstitute
 effective delivery of the Communications to the Agent for purposes of the Operative Agreements. Each Lender and theLessor
 agrees  that  notice  to  it  (as  provided  in  the  next  sentence)  specifying  that  the  Communications  have  been  posted  to  thePlatform
 shall  constitute  effective  delivery  of  the  Communications  to  such  Lender  and  the  Lessor  for  purposes  of  the  OperativeAgreements. Each Lender and the 
Lessor agrees (i) to notify the Agent in writing (including by electronic communication) from timeto
 time of such Lender’s or the Lessor’s e-mail address to which the foregoing notice may be sent by electronic transmission and(ii) that the foregoing notice may be sent to such e-mail address.
(d)
    The Platform is provided “as is” and “as available”. The Agent Parties (as defined below) do not warrant the accuracyor
 completeness of the Communications or the adequacy of the Platform and expressly disclaim liability for errors or omissions inthe Communications. No
 warranty of any kind, express, implied or statutory, including any warranty of merchantability, fitness for aparticular
 purpose,  non-infringement  of  third-party  rights  or  freedom  from  viruses  or  other  code  defects,  is  made  by  the  AgentParties
 in connection with the Communications or the Platform. In no event shall the Agent or any of its Affiliates or any of theirrespective
 officers, directors, employees, agents, advisors or representatives (collectively, “ Agent Parties ”)  have any liability to theCredit
 Parties, any Lender, the Lessor or any other Person or entity for damages of any kind, including direct or indirect, special,incidental
 or consequential damages, losses or expenses (whether in tort, contract or otherwise) arising out of the Credit Parties’ orthe
 Agent’s transmission of Communications through the Internet, except to the extent the liability of any Agent Party is found in afinal,
 nonappealable judgment by a court of competent jurisdiction to have resulted primarily from the gross negligence or willfulmisconduct of, or breach of the Operative Agreements by, such Agent Party.
Any party
 hereto may change its address, telecopy number or e-mail address for notices and other communications hereunderby
 notice  to  the  other  parties  hereto.  All  notices  and  other  communications  given  to  any  party  hereto  in  accordance  with  theprovisions of the Operative Agreements shall be deemed to have been given on the date of receipt.
12.3
Counterparts . This
 Agreement  may  be  executed  by  the  parties  hereto  in  separate  counterparts,  each  of  which  when  so  executed  anddelivered shall be an original, but all such counterparts shall together constitute but one (1) and the same instrument.
12.4
Terminations, Amendments, Waivers, Etc.; Unanimous Vote Matters . 85
Except  with  regard  to  the  Unanimous  Vote  Matters,  each  Operative  Agreement  only  may  be  terminated,  amended,supplemented,
 waived or modified by, or consent granted by, an instrument in writing signed by the Majority Lenders, the Lessorand each Credit Party, to the extent such Credit Party is a party to such Operative Agreement.
Notwithstanding
 the  foregoing,  no  such  termination,  amendment,  supplement,  waiver  or  modification  or  consent  shall,without
 the consent of the Agent and, to the extent affected thereby, the Mortgage Lenders, the Credit Lenders and the Lessor, in allcases
 without the need for any consent from any Defaulting Credit Lender or any Defaulting Mortgage Lender except to the extentrequired
 pursuant to the last paragraph of this Section 12.4 (collectively, the “ Unanimous  Vote Matters ”)  (i) reduce or increase theMortgage
 Loan  Commitments,  the  Credit  Loan  Commitments  and/or  the  Lessor  Commitment  except  as  otherwise  provided  inSection
 2.5 of either Loan Agreement, Sections 9.1, 9.2 and 9.3 of this Agreement and Section 5A.1 of this Agreement, extend thescheduled
 date of maturity of any Note, extend the scheduled Expiration Date, extend any payment date of any Note or the LessorAdvance,
 reduce the stated rate of interest payable on any Note, reduce the stated Lessor Yield (other than as a result of waiving theapplicability
 of any post‑ default increase in interest rates or Lessor Yield), modify the priority of any Lien in favor of the Agentunder
 any  Security  Document,  consent  to  any  Lien  against  the  Property  or  other  Collateral  other  than  any  Permitted  Lien,subordinate
 any obligation owed to the Mortgage Lenders, the Credit Lenders or the Lessor, reduce the Fees under this Agreement,extend
 the  scheduled  date  of  payment  of  the  Fees  or  (except  in  accordance  with  Section  5.18)  extend  the  expiration  date  of  theMortgage
 Loan Commitments, the Credit Loan Commitments or the Lessor Commitment, modify any provision of the OperativeAgreements
 requiring ratable payment among the Financing Parties (excluding the Agent), among the Credit Lenders or among theMortgage
 Lenders,  modify  the  definition  of  “Pro  Rata  Share”  in Appendix  A to  this  Agreement  or  modify  any  provision  of  theOperative
 Agreements requiring the consent of all Financing Parties, all Financing Parties (excluding the Agent), all Lenders, allCredit
 Lenders, all Mortgage Lenders or the consent of any Financing Party to the extent such Financing Party is an affected partywith
 respect to the matter described in such provision or (ii) terminate, amend, supplement, waive or modify any provision of thisSection
 12.4 or reduce the percentages specified in the definitions of Majority Secured Parties, or release a material portion of theCollateral (except in accordan
ce with Section 8.8) or release any Credit Party from its obligations under any Operative Agreement orotherwise alter any payment obligations of any
 Credit Party to the Lessor or any Financing Party under the Operative Agreements, or(iii)
 terminate, amend, supplement, waive or modify any provision of Article 7 of either Loan Agreement. Any such termination,amendment,
 supplement, waiver or modification shall apply equally to each of the Mortgage Lenders, the Credit Lenders and theLessor
 and shall be binding upon all the parties to this Agreement. In the case of any waiver, each party to this Agreement shall berestored
 to  its  former  position  and  rights  under  the  Operative  Agreements,  and  any  Default  or  Event  of  Default  waived  shall  bedeemed
 to be cured and not continuing; but no such waiver shall extend to any subsequent or other Default or Event of Default, orimpair
 any right consequent  thereon.  For the avoidance  of doubt,  the parties  to this Agreement  agree  that,  except as provided  inSections
 5.8 and 11.6, any increase in the Mortgage Loan Commitments of the Mortgage Lenders, any increase in the Credit LoanCommitments
 of the Credit  Lenders  and/or  any increase  in the Lessor Commitment  of the Lessor  shall be a matter  decided  as aUnanimous Vote Matter.
86
In addition to the foregoing, and notwithstanding any assignments to the Agent pursuant to the Operative Agreements, theLessor
 shall at all times retain its rights as the Lessor to (i) approve any insurance deductible and/or co-payment amount, in eachcase pursuant to Section 14.4 of the Lease or
 approve any sublease as provided pursuant to Section 24.2 of the Lease, (ii) perform forthe
 Lessee  pursuant  to  Section  18.1  of  the  Lease,  (iii)  consent  to  any  amendment  of  Articles  XX  or  XXI  of  the  Lease  or  thedefinitions
 of  Excepted  Payments,  Termination  Value  or  Maximum  Residual  Guarantee  Amount  or  Section  12.9  hereof  (or  anydefined terms
 used therein), (iv) give a direction to the Lessee pursuant to Section 5.4 of this Agreement, (v) give any consent of theLessor
 pursuant to Section 12.15 of this Agreement, and (vi) exercise the rights of the Lessor under Section 5.14 of this Agreement.The
 Lessor  shall  not,  without  its  consent,  be  required  to  take  any  action  at  the  direction  of  the  Lessee  or  the  Agent  that  wouldincrease
 the Lessor’s obligations under the Operative Agreements. The retention of rights by the Lessor referenced in this paragraphshall
 not diminish or restrict in any manner the rights of the Agent, the Mortgage Lenders, the Credit Lenders or any other Person inconnection
 with  the  matters  described  in the  foregoing  subsections  (i)  through  (vi),  and  such  retention  of rights  by the  Lessor  ismerely
 intended  to indicate  that  the  Lessor  has  not  assigned  or otherwise  limited  the  rights  of  the  Lessor  in connection  with  thematters described in the foregoing subsections (i) through (vi).
Notwithstanding
 anything to the contrary herein, (i) no Defaulting Credit Lender and no Defaulting Mortgage Lender shallhave
 any  right  to  approve  or  disapprove  of  any  termination,  amendment,  supplement,  waiver  or  modification  of  any  OperativeAgreement
 or  otherwise  to  provide  a  consent  with  respect  to  any  Operative  Agreement  (and  any  termination,  amendment,supplement, waiv
er, modification or consent which by its terms requires the consent of all Credit Lenders or all Mortgage Lenders oreach
 affected  Credit  Lender  or  Mortgage  Lender  may  be  effected  with  the  consent  of  the  applicable  Credit  Lenders  other  thanDefaulting Credit Lenders
 and the applicable Mortgage Lenders other than Defaulting Mortgage Lenders), except that (A) the CreditLoan Commitment of any Defaulting
 Credit Lender may not be increased or extended without the consent of such Credit Lender, (B)the
 Mortgage Loan Commitment of any Defaulting Mortgage Lender may not be increased or extended without the consent of suchMortgage
 Lender,  and  (C)  any  termination,  amendment,  supplement,  waiver  or  modification  requiring  the  consent  of  all  CreditLenders
 or all Mortgage Lenders or each affected Credit Lender or Mortgage Lender, that by its terms affects any Defaulting CreditLender
 or Defaulting Mortgage Lender disproportionately adversely relative to other affected Credit Lenders and Mortgage Lendersshall require the consent of
 such Defaulting Credit Lender or Defaulting Mortgage Lender, as applicable; (ii) each Credit Lender andMortgage
 Lender is entitled to vote as such Credit Lender or Mortgage Lender sees fit on any bankruptcy reorganization plan thataffects
 the  Credit  Loans  or  Mortgage  Loans,  and  each  Credit  Lender  and  Mortgage  Lender  acknowledges  that  the  provisions  ofSection 1126(c)
 of the Bankruptcy Code supersedes the unanimous consent provisions set forth herein and (iii) the Majority SecuredParties
 shall determine whether or not to allow a Credit Party to use cash collateral in the context of a bankruptcy or insolvencyproceeding and such determination shall be binding on all of the Credit Lenders, the Mortgage Lenders and the Lessor.
If
 any  Lender  does  not  consent  to  a  proposed  termination,  amendment,  supplement,  waiver,  modification  or  consent  withrespect
 to any Operative  Agreement  that requires the consent of each Lender and that has been approved by the Majority CreditLenders, the Majority Mortgage Lenders,
87
the Majority Lenders or the Majority Secured Parties, as applicable, the Borrower (subject to Sections 9.1(f) and 9.2(f)) may replacesuch
 Non-Consenting Lender in accordance with a required assignment of the Lender’s interests pursuant to Section 2.7(b) of theCredit
 Loan  Agreement  or  Section  2.7(b)  of  the  Mortgage  Loan  Agreement,  as  applicable; provided ,  that  such  termination,amendment,
 supplement, waiver, modification or consent can be effected as a result of such assignment (together with all other suchassignments required by the Lessee to be made pursuant to this paragraph).
12.5
Headings, etc . The
 Table of Contents and headings of the various Articles and Sections of this Agreement are for convenience of referenceonly and shall not modify, define, expand or limit any of the terms or provisions hereof.
12.6
Parties in Interest . Except
 as expressly provided herein, none of the provisions of this Agreement  are intended for the benefit of any Personexcept the parties hereto.
12.7
GOVERNING LAW; SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION; WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL; VENUE . 88
(a)      THIS AGREEMENT AND THE RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS OF THE PARTIES HEREUNDER SHALLBE
 GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED, INTERPRETED AND ENFORCED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWSOF
 THE STATE OF NEW YORK EXCEPT TO THE EXTENT THAT LOCAL LAW IS PROPERLY APPLICABLE FORMATTERS
 OF REAL PROPERTY. Any legal action or proceeding with respect to this Agreement or any other OperativeAgreement
 may  be  brought  in  the  courts  of  the  State  of  New  York  in  New  York  County  or  of  the  United  States  for  theSouthern
 District  of  New  York,  and,  by  execution  and  delivery  of  this  Agreement,  each  of  the  parties  to  this  Agreementhereby
 irrevocably  accepts  for  itself  and  in  respect  of  its  property,  generally  and  unconditionally,  the  nonexclusivejurisdiction
 of such courts. Each of the parties to this Agreement further irrevocably consents to the service of process out ofany of the
 aforementioned courts in any such action or proceeding by overnight courier delivery to it at the address set out fornotices
 pursuant to Section 12.2, such service to become effective in the manner provided in Section 12.2. Nothing hereinshall
 affect the right of any party to serve process in any other manner permitted by Law or to commence legal proceedingsor to otherwise proceed against any party in any other jurisdiction.
(b) 
     EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY, TO THE FULLESTEXTENT
 ALLOWED  BY  APPLICABLE  LAW,  WAIVES  TRIAL  BY  JURY  IN  ANY  LEGAL  ACTION  ORPROCEEDING
 RELATING  TO  ANY  DISPUTE  OR  THIS  AGREEMENT,  ANY  OTHER  OPERATIVE  AGREEMENTAND FOR ANY COUNTERCLAIM THEREIN.
(c) 
     Each of the parties to this Agreement hereby irrevocably waives any objection which it may now or hereafterhave to
 the laying of venue of any of the aforesaid actions or proceedings arising out of or in connection with this Agreementor
 any other Operative Agreement brought in the courts referred to in subsection (a) above and hereby further irrevocablywaives
 and agrees not to plead or claim in any such court that any such action or proceeding brought in any such court hasbeen brought in an inconvenient forum.
(d) 
     Notwithstanding  anything  to  the  contrary  contained  in  this  Agreement  or  any  of  the  other  OperativeAgreements,
 if  any  action  or  proceeding  is  filed  in  a  court  of  the  State  of  California  by  or  against  any  party  hereto  inconnection with
 any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or any other Operative Agreement and the foregoingwaiver
 of a right to a trial by jury is for any reason not enforceable in such action or proceeding (including as a consequenceof
 the application of California law), the parties to this Agreement hereby agree that (a) the court shall, and the parties shalladvise
 and  direct  the  court  to,  make  a  general  reference  pursuant  to  California  Code  of  Civil  Procedure  Section  638  to  areferee
 (who shall be a single active or retired judge) to hear and determine all of the issues in such action or proceeding(whether of
 fact or of law) and to report a statement of decision; provided , that at  the option of any party to such proceeding,any such issues pertaining to a “provisional remedy”
 as defined in California Code of Civil Procedure Section 1281.8 shall beheard and
 determined by the court, and (b) without limiting the generality of Section 7, the Lessee shall be solely responsibleto pay, or cause to be paid, all fees and expenses of any referee appointed in such action or proceeding.
89
12.8Severability . Any
 provision  of  this  Agreement  that  is  prohibited  or  unenforceable  in  any  jurisdiction  shall,  as  to  such  jurisdiction,  beineffective
 to the extent of such prohibition or unenforceability without invalidating the remaining provisions hereof, and any suchprohibition
 or  unenforceability  in  any  jurisdiction  shall  not  invalidate  or  render  unenforceable  such  provision  in  any  otherjurisdiction.
12.9
Liability Limited . Anything to the contrary contained in any Operative Agreement notwithstanding, except as stated in this Section 12.9 below
or as expressly provided in any Operative Agreement, no Exculpated Person shall be personally liable in any respect for any liability
or obligation arising hereunder or in any other Operative Agreement including the payment of the principal and interest regarding the
Loans, or for monetary damages for the breach of performance of any of the covenants contained in the Operative Agreements. The
Mortgage Lenders, the Credit Lenders, the Lessor and the Agent agree that, in the event any remedies under any Operative
Agreement are pursued, none of the Lessor, the Mortgage Lenders, the Credit Lenders or the Agent shall have any recourse against
any Exculpated Person, for any deficiency, loss or Claim for monetary damages or otherwise resulting therefrom and recourse shall
be had solely and exclusively against the Lessor’s interest in the Trust Property, and the assets of the Credit Parties (with respect to
the Credit Parties’ obligations under the Operative Agreements); but nothing contained herein shall be taken to prevent recourse
against or the enforcement of remedies against (a) the Lessor’s interest in the Trust Property in respect of any and all liabilities,
obligations and undertakings contained herein and/or in any other Operative Agreement; (b) the Lessor for any of its obligations
arising on a full recourse basis; or (c) the Lessor or any other Person for gross negligence or willful misconduct (other than any gross
negligence or willful misconduct imputed to the Lessor from any Person other than the Lessor or any Affiliate of the Lessor
(excepting the Agent)). Notwithstanding the provisions of this Section, nothing in any Operative Agreement shall: (w) constitute a
waiver, release or discharge of any indebtedness or obligation evidenced by the Notes arising under any Operative Agreement or
secured by any Operative Agreement, but the same shall continue until paid or discharged; (x) relieve any Exculpated Person from
liability and responsibility for (but only to the extent of the damages arising by reason of): active waste knowingly committed by any
Exculpated Person with respect to the Property, any fraud, gross negligence or willful misconduct on the part of any Exculpated
Person (other than any fraud, gross negligence or willful misconduct imputed to such Exculpated Person from any Person other than
an Affiliate of such Exculpated Person (excepting the Agent)); (y) relieve any Exculpated Person from liability and responsibility for
(but only to the extent of the moneys misappropriated, misapplied or not turned over) (i) except for Excepted Payments,
misappropriation or misapplication by the Lessor (i.e., application in a manner contrary to any of the Operative Agreements) of any
insurance proceeds or condemnation award paid or delivered to the Lessor by any Person other than the Agent, (ii) except for
Excepted Payments, any rent or other income received by the Lessor from any Credit Party that is not turned over to the Agent, or
(iii) except for Excepted Payments, any deposits or any escrows or amounts owed by the Construction Agent under the Agency
Agreement held by the Lessor; or (z) affect or in any way limit the Agent’s rights and remedies under any Operative Agreement
90
with respect to the Rents (other than Excepted Payments) and rights and powers of the Agent under the Operative Agreements or toobtain a judgment against the Lessee’s interest in the Property or the Agent’s rights and powers to obtain a judgment against the
Lessor or any Credit Party ( 
provided , that no deficiency judgment or other money judgment shall be enforced against any Exculpated Person except to the extent of the Lessor’s interest in the Trust Property or to the extent the Lessor may be liable as
otherwise contemplated in clauses (b) and (c) of this Section 12.9).
12.10
Rights of the Credit Parties . If
 at  any  time  all  obligations  (i)  of  the  Lessor  under  the  Operative  Agreements  and  (ii)  of  the  Credit  Parties  under  theOperative
 Agreements have in each case been satisfied or discharged in full, then the Credit Parties shall be entitled to (a) terminatethe
 Lease and guaranty obligations under Section 6B and (b) receive all amounts then held under the Operative Agreements and allproceeds
 with respect to the Property. Upon the termination of the Lease and Section 6B pursuant to the foregoing clause (a), theLessor
 shall transfer to the Lessee all of its right, title and interest free and clear of the Lien of the Lease, the Lien of the OperativeAgreements
 and all Lessor Liens in and to the Property and any amounts or proceeds referred to in the foregoing clause (b) shall bepaid over to the Lessee.
12.11
Further Assurances . The
 parties hereto shall promptly cause to be taken, executed, acknowledged or delivered, at the sole expense of the Lessee,all
 such further acts, conveyances, documents and assurances as the other parties may from time to time reasonably request in orderto
 carry  out  and  effectuate  the  intent  and  purposes  of  this  Agreement,  the  other  Operative  Agreements  and  the  transactionscontemplated
 hereby  and  thereby  (including  the  preparation,  execution  and  filing  of  any  and  all  Uniform  Commercial  Codefinancing
 statements, filings of Mortgage Instruments and other filings or registrations which the parties hereto may from time totime request to be
 filed or effected). The Lessee, at its own expense and without need of any prior request from any other party, shalltake
 such action as may be necessary (including any action specified in the preceding sentence), or (if the Agent or the Lessor shallso request) as so requested, in order to maintain
 and protect all security interests provided for hereunder or under any other OperativeAgreement.
 In addition, in connection with the sale or other disposition of the Property or any portion thereof, the Lessee agrees toexecute such instruments of conveyance as may be reasonably required in connection therewith.
12.12
Calculations under Operative Agreements . The
 parties hereto agree that all calculations and numerical determinations to be made under the Operative Agreements bythe
 Lessor shall be made by the Agent (to the extent such calculations and numerical determinations relate to the Lessor, LessorAdvances
 or  Lessor  Yield  with  respect  to  the  Lessor  Advances)  or  by  the  Agent  (to  the  extent  such  calculation  and  numericaldeterminations
 relate to the Lenders, the Loans or interest with respect to the Loans) and that such calculations and determinationsshall be conclusive and binding on the parties hereto in the absence of manifest error.
91
12.13Confidentiality . Each
 Financing Party severally agrees to use reasonable efforts to keep confidential all non‑ public information pertaining toany
 Credit Party or any of its Subsidiaries which is provided to it by any Credit Party or any of its Subsidiaries and which an officerof
 the  Lessee  or  any  of  its  Subsidiaries  has  requested  in  writing  be  kept  confidential,  and  shall  not  intentionally  disclose  suchinformation to any Person except:
(a) 
     to the extent such information is public when received by such Person or becomes public thereafter due to theact or omission of any party other than such Person;
(b) 
     to the extent such information is independently obtained from a source other than any Credit Party or any of itsSubsidiaries
 and  such  information  from  such  source  is  not,  to  such  Person’s  knowledge,  subject  to  an  obligation  ofconfidentiality
 or,  if  such  information  is  subject  to  an  obligation  of  confidentiality,  that  disclosure  of  such  information  ispermitted;
(c) 
     to counsel, auditors or accountants retained by any such Person or any Affiliates of any such Person (if suchAffiliates
 are permitted to receive such information pursuant to clause (f) or (g) below), provided they agree to keep suchinformation
 confidential as if such Person or Affiliate were party to this Agreement and to financial institution regulators,including examiners of any Financing Party or any Affiliate thereof in the course of examinations of such Persons;
(d) 
     in connection with any litigation or the enforcement or preservation of the rights of any Financing Party underthe Operative Agreements or of any Hedge Bank under any Secured Hedge Agreement;
(e) 
     to  the  extent  required  by  any  applicable  statute,  rule  or  regulation  or  court  order  (including,  by  way  ofsubpoena)
 or pursuant to the request of any regulatory or Governmental Authority having jurisdiction over any such Person;provided 
, however ,  that such Person (i) shall have no obligation to notify the Lessee prior to any disclosure made pursuantto
 this clause (e) to any regulatory or Governmental Authority and (ii) shall endeavor (if not otherwise prohibited by Law) tonotify
 the  Lessee  prior  to  any  disclosure  made  pursuant  to  this  clause  (e)  with  respect  to  any  court  proceeding,  except,respecting
 each of the foregoing subsections (i) and (ii), that no such Person shall be subject to any liability whatsoever forany failure to so notify the Lessee;
(f) 
     any Financing Party may disclose such information to another Financing Party or to any Affiliate of a FinancingParty that is a direct or indirect owner of any Financing Party or to any Hedge Bank;
(g) 
     any Financing Party may disclose such information to an Affiliate of any Financing Party or to any Hedge Bankto
 the extent required in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby or to the extent such Affiliate or Hedge Bankis involved in, or provides advice or assistance to such Person with respect to, such transactions
92
(provided, in each case that such Affiliate has agreed in writing to maintain confidentiality as if it were such Financing Party(as the case may be)); or
(h) 
     to the extent disclosure to any other financial institution or other Person is appropriate in connection with anyproposed
 or actual (i) assignment or grant of a participation by any Lender of interests in the Loan Agreements or any Notesto
 such other financial institution (who will in turn be required by the Agent to agree in writing to maintain confidentiality asif it were a Mortgage Lender or Credit Lender originally party to this Agreement
) or (ii) assignment by the Lessor of intereststo
 another Person, as specified in Section 10.1 (who will in turn be required by the transferring Lessor to agree in writing tomaintain confidentiality as if it were the Lessor originally party to this Agreement).
12.14
Financial Reporting/Tax Characterization . The
 Credit  Parties  agree  to  obtain  advice  from  their  own  accountants  and  tax  counsel  regarding  the  financial  reportingtreatment and
 the tax characterization of the transactions described in the Operative Agreements. Notwithstanding the foregoing, it isexpressly
 agreed that for Federal, state and local income tax purposes, commercial purposes and bankruptcy purposes, the parties tothis Agreement are
 entering into the transactions described in the Operative Agreements with the intention of such transactions beingcharacterized
 as an integrated transaction constituting a financing arrangement and for the Lessee to be considered the owner of theProperty
 for  tax  purposes,  commercial  purposes  and  bankruptcy  purposes; provided , however ,  that  no  such  party  makes  anyrepresentat
ion or warranty as to the availability of such tax treatment and the Credit Parties agree that neither of them shall rely uponany
 statement of any Financing Party or any of their respective Affiliates and/or Subsidiaries regarding any such financial reportingtreatment
 and/or tax characterization. The parties to this Agreement further agree not to voluntarily take a position inconsistent withthe foregoing on their Federal, state or local income tax returns.
12.15
Set-off . In
 addition to any rights now or hereafter granted under Applicable Law and not by way of limitation of any such rights,upon
 and after the occurrence and continuance of any Lease Event of Default and during the continuance thereof (but only afterobtaining
 the  prior  written  consent  of  the  Majority  Credit  Lenders,  the  Majority  Mortgage  Lenders  and  the  Lessor)  the  CreditLenders,
 the Mortgage Lenders, the Lessor and their respective Affiliates and any assignee or participant of any Mortgage Lender,any
 Credit Lender or the Lessor in accordance with the applicable provisions of the Operative Agreements are hereby authorized bythe
 Credit Parties at any time or from time to time, without notice to the Credit Parties or to any other Person (subject to the aboverequirement
 to obtain the prior written consent of the Majority Credit Lenders, the Majority Mortgage Lenders and the Lessor), anysuch notice being
 hereby expressly waived, to set‑ off and to appropriate and to apply any and all deposits (general or special, time ordemand,
 including indebtedness evidenced by certificates of deposit, whether matured or unmatured) and any other indebtedness atany
 time  held  or  owing  by  such  Mortgage  Lender,  such  Credit  Lender,  the  Lessor,  their  respective  Affiliates  or  any  assignee  orparticipant of such
 Credit Lender, such Mortgage Lender or the Lessor in accordance with the applicable provisions of the OperativeAgreements to or for the credit or the accoun
t of any Credit Party against and on account of the obligations of any Credit Party underthe
93
Operative Agreements irrespective of whether or not (a) such Credit Lender, such Mortgage Lender or the Lessor shall have madeany
 demand under any Operative Agreement or (b) the Agent shall have declared any or all of the obligations of any Credit Partyunder
 the  Operative  Agreements  to  be  due  and  payable  and  although  such  obligations  shall  be  contingent  or  unmatured.Notwithstanding
 the foregoing, no Credit Lender, Mortgage Lender or the Lessor shall exercise, or attempt to exercise, any right ofset-off,
 banker’s  lien,  or  the  like,  against  any  deposit  account  or  property  of  any  Credit  Party  held  by  any  Credit  Lender,  anyMortgage Lender or the Lessor, without the prior written consent of the Majority Credit Lenders, the Majority Mortgage Lenders and
the
 Lessor, and any Financing Party violating this provision shall indemnify the Agent and the other Financing Parties from any andall
 costs, expenses, liabilities and damages resulting therefrom. The contractual restriction on the exercise of set-off rights providedin
 the foregoing sentence is solely for the benefit of the Financing Parties and may not be enforced by any Credit Party. In additionto
 the foregoing, and not in limitation thereof, in the event that any Defaulting Credit Lender or any Defaulting Mortgage Lendershall exercise any such right of set-o
ff, but only after obtaining the prior written consent of the Majority Credit Lenders, the MajorityMortgage
 Lenders and the Lessor, (a) all amounts so set off shall be paid over immediately to the Agent for further application inaccordance with the provisions of Section 2.3(c) of
 the Credit Loan Agreement and Section 2.3(c) of the Mortgage Loan Agreement,respectively,
 and,  pending  such  payment,  shall  be  segregated  by  such  Defaulting  Credit  Lender  or  Defaulting  Mortgage  Lender,respectively,
 from its other funds and deemed held in trust for the benefit of the Agent and the other Secured Parties and (b) theapplicable
 Defaulting Credit Lender or Defaulting Mortgage Lender shall provide promptly to the Agent a statement describing inreasonable detail the secured obligations owing to such entity as to which it exercised such right of set-off.
12.16
Limited Obligation of the Lessee to Pay on behalf of the Lessor . To
 the extent the Lessee undertakes to pay any amount on behalf of the Lessor pursuant to any Operative Agreement, suchobligation of the Lessee shall be limited only to amounts payable by the Lessor, as the case may be, on a non-recourse basis.
12.17
USA Patriot Act Notice . Each
 Financing Party that is subject to the USA Patriot Act hereby notifies each of the Credit Parties that pursuant to therequirements
 of the USA Patriot Act, it is required to obtain, verify and record information that identifies the Credit Parties, whichinformation
 includes the name and address of Credit Parties and other information that will allow such Financing Party to identifythe Credit Parties in accordance with the USA Patriot Act.
12.18
Acknowledgement and Consent to Bail‑ ‑In of EEA Financial Institutions . 94
Notwithstanding  anything  to  the  contrary  in  any  Operative  Agreement  or  in  any  other  agreement,  arrangement  orunderstanding
 among any such parties, each party hereto acknowledges that any liability of Lessor or any Lender that is an EEAFinancial
 Institution  arising  under  any  Operative  Agreement,  to  the  extent  such  liability  is  unsecured,  may  be  subject  to  thewrite
‑down and conversion powers of an EEA Resolution Authority and agrees and consents to, and acknowledges and agrees to bebound
 by: (a) the application of any Write‑ Down and Conversion Powers by an EEA Resolution Authority to any such liabilitiesarising hereunder which
 may be payable to it by Lessor or any Lender that is an EEA Financial Institution; and (b) the effects of anyBail
‑In Action on any such liability, including, if applicable (i) a reduction in full or in part or cancellation of any such liability; (ii) aconversion
 of all, or a portion of, such liability into shares or other instruments of ownership in such EEA Financial Institution, itsparent
 undertaking,  or  a  bridge  institution  that  may  be  issued  to  it  or  otherwise  conferred  on  it,  and  that  such  shares  or  otherinstruments
 of ownership will be accepted by it in lieu of any rights with respect to any such liability under this Agreement or anyother
 Operative Agreement; or (iii) the variation of the terms of such liability in connection with the exercise of the write‑ down andconversion powers of any EEA Resolution Authority.
[signature pages follow]
95
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be duly executed by their respective officersthereunto duly authorized as of the day and year first above written.
CONSTRUCTION AGENT AND LESSEE 
: NVIDIA LAND DEVELOPMENT, LLC, as the Construction Agent and the Lessee
By: 
                        Name: 
                        Title: 
                        (signature pages continue)
PARTICIPATION AGREEMENT
GUARANTORS : NVIDIA CORPORATION, as a Guarantor
By: 
                        Name: 
                        Title: 
                        NVIDIA INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS INC., as a Guarantor
By: 
                        Name: 
                        Title: 
                        NVIDIA LEASE HOLDINGS LLC, as a Guarantor
By: 
                        Name: 
                        Title: 
                        (signature pages continue)
PARTICIPATION AGREEMENT
LESSOR : WACHOVIA SERVICE CORPORATION, as the Lessor
By: 
                        Name: 
                        Title: 
                        (signature pages continue)
PARTICIPATION AGREEMENT
THE AGENT : WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as the Agent
By: 
                        Name: 
                        Title: 
                        (signature pages continue)
PARTICIPATION AGREEMENT
MORTGAGE LENDERS : WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as a Mortgage Lender
By: 
                        Name: 
                        Title: 
                        (signature pages continue)
PARTICIPATION AGREEMENT
SMBC LEASING AND FINANCE, INC.,as a Mortgage Lender
By: 
                        Name: 
                        Title: 
                        (signature pages continue)
PARTICIPATION AGREEMENT
U.S. BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,as a Mortgage Lender
By: 
                        Name: 
                        Title: 
                        (signature pages continue)
PARTICIPATION AGREEMENT
HSBC BANK USA, N.A.,as a Mortgage Lender
By: 
                        Name: 
                        Title: 
                        (signature pages continue)
PARTICIPATION AGREEMENT
CREDIT LENDERS : WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as a Credit Lender
By: 
                        Name: 
                        Title: 
                        (signature pages continue)
PARTICIPATION AGREEMENT
SUNTRUST BANK, as a Credit LenderBy: 
                        Name: 
                        Title: 
                        (signature pages continue)
PARTICIPATION AGREEMENT
U.S. BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,as a Credit Lender
By: 
                        Name: 
                        Title: 
                        (signature pages continue)
PARTICIPATION AGREEMENT
SUMITOMO MITSUI BANKING CORPORATION,as a Credit Lender
By: 
                        Name: 
                        Title: 
                        (signature pages continue)
PARTICIPATION AGREEMENT
GOLDMAN SACHS BANK USA,as a Credit Lender
By: 
                        Name: 
                        Title: 
                        (signature pages continue)
PARTICIPATION AGREEMENT
MORGAN STANLEY SENIOR FUNDING, INC.,as a Credit Lender
By: 
                        Name: 
                        Title: 
                        (signature pages continue)
PARTICIPATION AGREEMENT
HSBC BANK USA, N.A.,as a Credit Lender
By: 
                        Name: 
                        Title: 
                        (signature pages continue)
PARTICIPATION AGREEMENT
THE BANK OF TOKYO-MITSUBISHI UFJ, LTD.,as a Credit Lender
By: 
                        Name: 
                        Title: 
                        (signature pages end)
PARTICIPATION AGREEMENT
Appendix ARules of Usage and Definitions
I. Rules of Usage
The
 following rules of usage shall apply to this Appendix  A and  the Operative Agreements (and each appendix, schedule, exhibitand annex to the foregoing) unless otherwise required by the context or unless otherwise defined therein:
(a)
    Except  as  otherwise  expressly  provided,  any  definitions  set  forth  herein  or  in  any  other  document  shall  be  equallyapplicable to the singular and plural forms of the terms defined.
(b)
    Except as otherwise expressly provided, references in any document to articles, sections, paragraphs, clauses, annexes,appendices,
 schedules or exhibits are references to articles, sections, paragraphs, clauses, annexes, appendices, schedules or exhibitsin or to such document.
(c) 
   The headings, subheadings and table of contents used in any document are solely for convenience of reference and shallnot constitute a part of any such document nor shall they affect the meaning, construction or effect of any provision thereof.
(d)    References to any Person shall include such Person, its successors, permitted assigns and permitted tran
sferees.(e)
    Except  as  otherwise  expressly  provided,  reference  to  any  agreement  means  such  agreement  as  amended,  modified,extended, supplemented, restated and/or replaced from time to time in accordance with the applicable provisions thereof.
(f)
    Except as otherwise expressly provided, references to any law includes any amendment or modification to such law andany rules or regulations issued thereunder or any law enacted in substitution or replacement therefor.
(g)
    When  used  in  any  document,  words  such  as  “hereunder”,  “hereto”,  “hereof”  and  “herein”  and  other  words  of  likeimport
 shall,  unless  the  context  clearly  indicates  to  the  contrary,  refer  to  the  whole  of  the  applicable  document  and  not  to  anyparticular article, section, subsection, paragraph or clause thereof.
(h)
    References to “including” means including without limiting the generality of any description preceding such term andfor purposes hereof the rule of ejusdem generis shall not be
Appendix A - 
1 applicable to limit a general statement, followed by or referable to an enumeration of specific matters, to matters similar to thosespecifically mentioned.
(i)
    References herein to “attorney’s fees”, “legal fees”, “costs of counsel” or other such references shall not include theallocated cost of in
‑ house counsel.(j)
    Each of the parties to the Operative Agreements and their counsel have reviewed and revised, or requested revisions to,the
 Operative Agreements, and the usual rule of construction that any ambiguities are to be resolved against the drafting party shallbe inapplicable in the construction and interpretation of the Operative Agreements and any amendments or exhibits thereto.
(k)
    Capitalized  terms  used  in  any  Operative  Agreements  which  are  not  defined  in  this Appendix  A but  are  defined  inanother Operative Agreement shall have the meaning so ascribed to such term in the applicable Operative Agreement.
(l)
    In computing any period of time for purposes of any Operative Agreement, the mechanics for counting the number ofdays set forth in Rule 6 of the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure shall be observed.
(m)    Time is of the essence, including with regard to the performance of all obligations.
II. Definitions
“ 
ABR ” shall mean the Base Rate. “ 
ABR Credit Loans ” shall mean Credit Loans the rate of interest applicable to which is based upon the Base Rate. “ 
ABR Lessor Advance ” shall mean a Lessor Advance bearing a Lessor Yield based on the Base Rate. “ 
ABR Loans ” shall mean the ABR Credit Loans and the ABR Mortgage Loans, as applicable. “ 
ABR Mortgage Loans ” shall mean Mortgage Loans the rate of interest applicable to which is based upon the Base Rate. “ 
Accelerated Rent Amount ” shall have the meaning given to such term in Section 5.11 of the Participation Agreement. “ 
Acceleration ” shall have the meaning given to such term in Section 6 of the applicable Loan Agreement. “ 
Accrual Period ”  shall mean as to any Eurodollar Loan or Eurodollar Lessor Advance (i) with respect to the initial AccrualPeriod,
 the  period  beginning  on  the  date  of  the  first  Eurodollar  Loan  and  Eurodollar  Lessor  Advance  and  ending  one  (1)  monththereafter, and (ii) thereafter, each period commencing on the last day of the next preceding Accrual Period applicable to such
Appendix A - 2
Eurodollar Loan or Eurodollar Lessor Advance and ending one (1) month thereafter; provided , however ,  that all of the foregoingprovisions
 relating to Accrual Periods are subject to the following: (A) if any Accrual Period would end on a day which is not aBusiness
 Day, such Accrual Period shall be extended to the next succeeding Business Day (except that where the next succeedingBusiness
 Day falls in the next succeeding calendar month, then on the next preceding Business Day), (B) no Accrual Period shallextend
 beyond the Expiration Date, (C) where an Accrual Period begins on a day for which there is no numerically correspondingday
 in the calendar month in which the Accrual Period is to end, such Accrual Period shall end on the last Business Day of suchcalendar month and (D) there shall not be more than six (6) Accrual Periods outstanding at any one (1) time.
“ 
Acquisition Advance ” shall have the meaning given to such term in Section 5.3 of the Participation Agreement. “ 
Administrative Agency Fee ” shall have the meaning given to such term in Section 7.6 of the Participation Agreement. “ 
Advance ”  shall mean the Closing Date Advance, the Acquisition Advance, a Construction Advance and each other LessorAdvance or Loan in accordance with the Operative Agreements.
“ 
Affiliate ”,  as to any Person, shall mean any other Person which directly or indirectly controls, is controlled by, or is undercommon
 control with such Person. Control, as used in this definition, shall mean the possession, directly or indirectly, of the powerto
 direct or cause the direction of the management or policies of a Person, whether through the ownership of voting securities, bycontract or otherwise, including the power to elect a majority of the directors or trustees of a corporation or trust, as the case may be.
“ 
After Tax Basis ”  shall mean, with respect to any payment to be received, actually or constructively, the amount of suchpayment
 increased  so  that,  after  reduction  by  the  amount  of  all  taxes  required  to  be  paid  by  the  recipient  calculated  at  the  thenmaximum marginal rates generally applicable to Persons of
 the same type as the recipients with respect to the receipt by the recipientof
 such amounts (less any actual tax savings realized as a result of the payment of the indemnified amount), such increased payment(as so reduced) is equal to the payment otherwise required to be made.
“ 
Agency Agreement ”  shall  mean  the Agency  Agreement,  dated  on or about  the  Closing  Date  between  the  ConstructionAgent and the Lessor.
“ 
Agency Agreement Default ”  shall mean any event or condition which, with the lapse of time or the giving of notice, orboth, would constitute an Agency Agreement Event of Default.
“ 
Agency  Agreement  Event  of  Default ”  shall  mean  an  “Event  of  Default”  as  defined  in  Section  5.1  of  the  AgencyAgreement.
“ 
Agent ”  shall  mean  Wells  Fargo  Bank,  National  Association,  a national  banking  association,  as agent  for  the  MortgageLenders
 and the Credit Lenders, or any successor agent appointed in accordance with the terms of the Mortgage Loan Agreementand the Credit Loan Agreement, as
Appendix A - 3
applicable, and respecting the Security Documents, for the Secured Parties, to the extent of their interests.“ 
Agent Parties ” shall have the meaning given to such term in Section 12.2(d) of the Participation Agreement. “ 
Anti-Corruption Laws ”  shall mean all laws, rules, and regulations of any jurisdiction applicable to any Credit Party or anyof their Subsidiaries from time to time concerning or relating to bribery or corruption.
“ 
Applicable Law ” shall mean, for  any Person, all existing and future applicable laws, rules, regulations (including proposed,temporary
 and  final  income  tax  regulations),  statutes,  treaties,  codes,  ordinances,  permits,  certificates,  orders  and  licenses  of  andinterpretations
 by  any  Governmental  Authority  (including  usury  laws,  the  Federal  Truth  in  Lending  Act,  and  Regulation  Z  andRegulation
 B of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System), and applicable judgments, decrees, injunctions, writs ororders of any Court, arbitrator or other administrative, judicial, or quasi
‑ judicial Tribunal or agency of competent jurisdiction.“ 
Applicable  Percentage ”  shall  mean  for  Eurodollar  Credit  Loans,  Eurodollar  Mortgage  Loans  and/or  Eurodollar  LessorAdvances
 and for Credit Lender Unused Fees, Mortgage Lender Unused Fees and Lessor Unused Fees, the appropriate applicablepercentages corresponding to the pricing level set forth below based on the Leverage Ratio:
Pricing 
Level
Leverage RatioApplicablePercentage for
Eurodollar Credit
Loans
ApplicablePercentage for
Eurodollar Mortgage
Loans
ApplicablePercentage for
Eurodollar Lessor
Advances
Credit LenderUnused Fees
Mortgage LenderUnused Fees
Lessor UnusedFees
I
< 1.00 to 1.00 1.625% 1.625% 2.375% 0.20% 0.20% 0.20% II
>  1.00 to 1.00, but < 2.00 to 1.00
1.875%1.875% 2.625% 0.25% 0.25% 0.25% III
>  2.00 to 1.002.125% 2.125% 2.875% 0.30% 0.30% 0.30% From
 the Closing Date to the first reset date, the Applicable Percentage shall be based on Pricing Level II. Any increase or decreasein
 the  Applicable  Percentage  resulting  from  a  change  in  the  Leverage  Ratio  shall  become  effective  as  of  the  fifth  Business  Dayimmediately following the date a Compliance Certificate is delivered pursuant to Section 8.3A(a)(iii) of the Participation Agreement;
provided 
, however ,  that if a Compliance Certificate is not delivered when due in accordance with such Section, then Pricing LevelIII
 shall apply, in each case as of the first Business Day after the date on which such Compliance Certificate was required to havebeen
 delivered and in each case shall remain in effect until the first Business Day following the date on which such ComplianceCertificate is delivered.
“ 
Appraisal ”  shall  mean  an  appraisal  with  respect  to  the  Property  to  be  delivered  in  connection  with  the  ParticipationAgreement
 or in accordance with the terms of the Lease, in each case prepared by a reputable appraiser reasonably acceptable to theAgent, which in the judgment of counsel to
Appendix A - 4
the  Agent,  complies  with  all  of  the  provisions  of  the  Financial  Institutions  Reform,  Recovery  and  Enforcement  Act  of  1989,  asamended,
 the rules and regulations adopted pursuant thereto, and all other applicable Legal Requirements, or any other appraisal orvaluation with respect to the Property reasonably acceptable to the Agent or ordered by Agent or Agent’s counsel.
“ 
Appraisal Procedure ” shall have the meaning given to such term in Section 21.4 of the Lease. “ 
Appurtenant Rights ”  shall mean (a) all agreements, easements, rights of way or use, rights of ingress or egress, privileges,appurtenance
s, tenements, hereditaments and other rights and benefits at any time belonging or pertaining to the Land underlying theImprovements
 or  the  Improvements,  including  the  use  of  any  streets,  ways,  alleys,  vaults  or  strips  of  land  adjoining,  abutting,adjacent
 or contiguous to the Land and (b) all permits, licenses and rights, whether or not of record, appurtenant to the Land or theImprovements.
“ 
Architect Contract ”  shall mean any contract entered into between the Construction Agent or the Lessee with an architectfor
 the  design  of  the  Improvements  or  any  portion  thereof  on  the  Property,  including  the  AIA  B141  -  2004  (Standard  Form  ofAgreement
 Between Owner and Architect) dated as of June 21, 2012, as amended by that certain Closeout Agreement dated as ofMay 1, 2014 by and among the Lessee, as owner, and M. Arthur Gensler Jr. & Associates, Inc., as architect.
“ 
Asset  Disposition ”  shall  mean  the  sale,  transfer,  license,  lease  or  other  disposition  of  the  Property  (including  anydisposition
 of Equity Interests) by any Credit Party or any Subsidiary thereof (or the granting of any option or other right to do anyof the
 foregoing), and any issuance of Equity Interests by any Subsidiary of the Parent to any  Person that is not a Credit Party or anySubsidiary
 thereof. The term “ Asset  Disposition ”  shall not include (a) the sale of inventory in the ordinary course of business, (b)the
 transfer of assets to the Parent or any Guarantor pursuant to any other transaction permitted pursuant to Section  8.3B(c) of  theParticipation
 Agreement,  (c)  the  write-off,  discount,  sale  or  other  disposition  of  defaulted  or  past-due  receivables  and  similarobligations
 in the ordinary course of business and not undertaken as part of an accounts receivable  financing  transaction,  (d) thedisposition
 of any Hedge Agreement, (e) dispositions of Investments in cash and Cash Equivalents, (f) the transfer by any CreditParty
 of its assets to any other Credit Party, (g) the transfer by any Subsidiary that is not a Credit Party of its assets to any CreditParty
 ( provided that  in connection with any new transfer, such Credit Party shall not pay more than an amount equal to the fairmarket
 value of such assets as determined in good faith at the time of such transfer) and (h) the transfer by any Subsidiary that is nota Credit Party of its assets to any other Subsidiary that is not a Credit Party.
“ 
Assignment of Construction Documents ”  shall mean each assignment and assumption agreement between the Lessee (orthe
 Parent or another Subsidiary of the Parent) and the Lessor with regard to any Construction Document, in each case regarding theProperty
 and as consented to by the applicable counterparty to any such contract as required by the terms of such contract, including(a)
 the Assignment and Assumption of Construction Contract dated as of or about the Closing Date by and between the Lessee andthe
 Lessor; (b) the Assignment and Assumption of Development Agreement dated as of or about the Closing Date by and betweenthe Lessee and the
Appendix A - 5
Lessor; (c) the Assignment and Assumption of Contracts dated as of or about the Closing Date by and between the Lessee and theLessor;
 (d) the Assignment and Assumption of Consultant Contract (regarding the Kier & Wright Civil Engineers and Surveyors,Inc.
 consultant contract) dated as of or about the Closing Date by and between the Lessee and the Lessor; (e) the Assignment andAssumption of Consultant Contract (regarding the Langan Treadwell Rollo consultant contract) dated as of or about the Closing Date
by
 and between the Lessee and the Lessor; (f) the Assignment and Assumption of Architectural Contract dated as of or about theClosing
 Date by and between the Lessee and the Lessor; and (g) the Assignment and Assumption of Title Contracts dated as of orabout the Closing Date by and among the Lessee, the Parent and the Lessor.
“ 
Assumed Characterization ” shall have the meaning given to such term in Section 11.3(e) of the Participation Agreement. “ 
Attributable Indebtedness ”  shall mean, on any date of determination, (a) in respect of any Capital Lease Obligation of anyPerson,
 the capitalized amount thereof that would appear on a balance sheet of such Person prepared as of such date in accordancewith
 GAAP, and (b) in respect of any Synthetic Lease, the capitalized amount or principal amount of the remaining lease paymentsunder
 the relevant lease that would appear on a balance sheet of such Person prepared as of such date in accordance with GAAP ifsuch lease were accounted for as a Capital Lease Obligation.
“ 
Available Credit Loan Commitment ”  shall mean an amount equal to the excess, if any, of (a) the aggregate amount of theCredit
 Loan Commitments over (b) the aggregate amount of the Credit Loans made since the Closing Date after giving effect toSection 5.2(d) of the Participation Agreement.
“ 
Available  Lessor  Commitment ”  shall  mean  an  amount  equal  to  the  excess,  if  any,  of  (a)  the  amount  of  the  LessorCommitment over (b) the aggregate amount
 of the Lessor Advances made since the Closing Date after giving effect to Section 5.2(d)of the Participation Agreement.
“ 
Available Mortgage Loan Commitment ”  shall mean an amount equal to the excess, if any, of (a) the aggregate amount ofthe
 Mortgage Loan Commitments over (b) the aggregate amount of the Mortgage Loans made since the Closing Date after givingeffect to Section 5.2(d) of the Participation Agreement.
“ 
Bail‑In Action ”  shall mean the exercise of any Write‑ Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable EEA ResolutionAuthority in respect of any liability of an EEA Financial Institution.
“ 
Bail‑In  Legislation ”  shall  mean,  with  respect  to  any  EEA  Member  Country  implementing  Article  55  of  Directive2014/59/EU
 of the European Parliament and of the Council of the European Union, the implementing law for such EEA MemberCountry from time to time which is described in the EU Bail
‑ In Legislation Schedule.“ 
Bankruptcy Code ”  shall mean the United States Bankruptcy Reform Act of 1978 (11 U.S.C. § 101, et seq.), as amendedfrom time to time.
Appendix A - 6
“ Base Rate ” shall mean, at any time, the highest of (a) the Prime Rate, (b) the Federal Funds Rate plus 0.50% and (c) except during
 any period of the unavailability of LIBOR (as determined by the Agent), LIBOR for an Accrual Period of one month plus1%;
 each change in the Base Rate shall take effect simultaneously with the corresponding change or changes in the Prime Rate, theFederal Funds Rate or LIBOR.
“ 
Basic Rent ”  shall mean, the sum of (a) the Mortgage Loan Basic Rent, (b) the Credit Loan Basic Rent, and (c) the LessorBasic Rent, calculated as of the applicable date on which Basic Rent is due.
“ 
Basic Term ” shall have the meaning given to such term in Section 2.2 of the Lease. “ 
Basic Term Expiration Date ” shall have the meaning given to such term in Section 2.2 of the Lease. “ 
Benefitted Credit Lender ” shall have the meaning given to such term in Section 9.10(a) of the Credit Loan Agreement. “ 
Benefitted  Mortgage  Lender ”  shall  have  the  meaning  given  to  such  term  in  Section  9.10(a)  of  the  Mortgage  LoanAgreement.
“ 
Borrower ” shall mean Wachovia Service Corporation, a Delaware corporation. “ 
Borrowing ”  shall  mean  a  funding  by  a  Lender  of  a  Loan  to  the  Lessor  pursuant  to  Article  II  of  the  applicable  LoanAgreement.
“ 
Borrowing Date ”  shall mean the Closing Date, and as to any incremental Borrowing, any Business Day three (3) BusinessDays
 (in regard to the Acquisition Advance except the Acquisition Advance permitted as of the Closing Date in accordance with theOperative
 Agreements) and any Business Day seven (7) days (in regard to any Construction Advance), in each case immediatelyfollowing
 the receipt by the Agent of a written request on behalf of the Lessor to obtain Loans, such notice to be in the form of aRequisition; 
provided , in no event shall there be more than one such Borrowing Date during any calendar month. “ 
Breakage Costs ”  shall mean any amount or amounts as shall compensate any Financing Party for any loss, cost or expenseincurred
 by such Financing Party (as determined by such Financing Party in its commercially reasonable discretion) as a result of aprepayment
 of  Lessor  Advances,  Lessor  Yield,  Mortgage  Loans,  Credit  Loans  or  Interest  pursuant  to  the  terms  of  the  OperativeAgreements
 on any date other than a Scheduled Interest Payment Date or any failure to borrow a Credit Loan or Mortgage Loan orto receive a Lessor Advance, in each case on the date specified therefor in the applicable Requisition.
“ 
Budgeted  Total  Property  Cost ”  shall  mean  the  aggregate  amount  of  Property  Cost  for  the  Property  set  forth  in  theConstruction Budget, in each case necessary for Completion.
“ 
Business Day ”  shall mean any day of the year other than a Saturday or a Sunday on which (a) banks are not required orauthorized to be closed in New York, New York or Charlotte, North
Appendix A - 7
Carolina and (b) if the term “Business Day” is used in connection with the determination of the LIBOR Rate, dealings in UnitedStates dollar deposits are carried on in the London interbank market.
“ 
Capital Lease Obligations ” of  any Person shall mean the obligations of such Person to pay rent or other amounts under anylease
 of (or other arrangement conveying the right to use) real or personal property, or a combination thereof, which obligations arerequired
 to  be classified  and  accounted  for  as  capital  leases  on a  balance  sheet  of such  Person  under  GAAP  (or  classified  underGAAP
 as “financing leases” but, in any event, excluding leases classified under GAAP as “operating leases”), and the amount ofsuch obligations shall be the capitalized amount thereof determined in accordance with GAAP.
“ 
Cash  Equivalents ”  shall  mean,  collectively,  (a)  marketable  securities  direct  obligations  issued  or  unconditionallyguaranteed
 by  the  United  States  or  any  agency  thereof  maturing  within  three  (3)  years  from  the  date  of  acquisition  thereof,(b)
 commercial  paper  maturing  no more than three  hundred  sixty-five  (365)  days from the date of creation  thereof  and currentlyhaving
 the S&P rating of “A-1” or Moody’s rating of “P-1”, (c) certificates of deposit maturing no more than three hundred sixty-five
 (365) days from the date of creation thereof issued by commercial banks incorporated under the laws of the United States, eachhaving
 combined  capital,  surplus  and  undivided  profits  of  not  less  than  $500,000,000  and  having  a  rating  of  “A”  or  better  by  anationally
 recognized rating agency or a lesser rating acceptable to the Agent; provided that  the aggregate amount invested in suchcertificates
 of deposit shall not at any time exceed two percent (2%) for any single issuer, (d) time deposits maturing no more thanthree
 hundred sixty-five (365) days from the date of creation thereof with commercial banks or savings banks or savings and loanassociations
 each  having  membership  either  in  the  FDIC  or  the  deposits  of  which  are  insured  by  the  FDIC  and  in  amounts  notexceeding
 the maximum amounts of insurance thereunder or (e) other marketable securities consistent with the Parent’s InvestmentPolicy Number FIN-TR-0001 dated September 24, 2014 as in effect on the Closing Date.
“ 
Casualty ” shall mean any damage or destruction of all or any portion of the Property as a result of a fire or other casualty. “ 
Certifying Party ” shall have the meaning given to such term in Section 26.3 of the Lease. “ 
Change in Control ”  shall mean (a) the acquisition of ownership, directly or indirectly, beneficially or of record, by anyPerson
 or group (within the meaning of the Exchange Act as in effect on the date hereof) of shares representing more than 37.5% ofthe
 aggregate  ordinary  voting  power  represented  by  the  issued  and  outstanding  capital  stock  of  the  Parent,  or  (b)  the  Parentconsolidates
 with  or  merges  into  another  corporation  (where  the  Parent  is not  the  surviving  corporation)  or  conveys,  transfers  orleases
 all or substantially all of its properties and assets (determined on a consolidated basis for the Parent and its Subsidiaries takenas a whole) to any Person (other than a Wholly-Owned Subsidiary).
“ 
Claims ” shall  mean any and all obligations, liabilities, losses, actions, suits, penalties, claims, demands, costs and expenses(including reasonable attorney’s fees and expenses) of any nature whatsoever.
Appendix A - 8
“ Closing Date ” shall mean June 19, 2015. “ 
Closing Date Advance ” shall have the meaning given to such term in Section 5.3 of the Participation Agreement. “ 
Code ” shall mean the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. “ 
Collateral ”  shall mean, excluding in all cases Excepted Payments, the assets and property upon which a Lien is created,exists or is purported to be created by one or more of the Security Documents.
“ 
Commencement Date ” shall have the meaning given to such term in Section 2.2 of the Lease. “ 
Commitments ” shall mean the Credit Loan Commitments, the Mortgage Loan Commitments and the Lessor Commitments. “ 
Commitment Percentage ”  shall mean, (a) as to any Mortgage Lender at any time, the percentage which such MortgageLender’s
 Mortgage  Loan  Commitment  then  constitutes  of  the  aggregate  Mortgage  Loan  Commitments  (or,  at  any  time  after  theMortgage
 Loan  Commitments  shall  have  expired  or  terminated,  the  percentage  which  the  aggregate  principal  amount  of  suchMortgage Lender’s Mortgage Loans then outstanding constitutes of the aggregate principal amount of all of the Mortgage Loans then
outstanding)
 and (b) as to any Credit Lender at any time, the percentage which such Credit Lender’s Credit Loan Commitment thenconstitutes
 of the aggregate Credit Loan Commitments (or, at any time after the Credit Loan Commitments shall have expired orterminated,
 the percentage which the aggregate principal amount of such Credit Lender’s Credit Loans then outstanding constitutesof the aggregate principal amount of all of the Credit Loans then outstanding).
“ 
Commitment Period ”  shall mean the period from and including the Closing Date to the Construction Period TerminationDate.
“ 
Commodity Exchange Act ” shall mean the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. § 1 et seq.). “ 
Communications ” shall have the meaning given to such term in Section 8.3A(a) of the Participation Agreement. “ 
Company Obligations ” shall mean the Obligations of the Lessee and/or the Construction Agent, in any and all capacities. “ 
Completion ”  shall mean such time as the acquisition, installation, testing and final completion of the Improvements hasbeen
 achieved in all material respects in accordance with the Plans and Specifications, the Agency Agreement and/or the Lease, andin
 compliance with all Legal Requirements and Insurance Requirements and a certificate of occupancy or its equivalent has beenissued with respect to the Property by the appropriate governmental entity (except if noncompliance,
Appendix A - 9
individually or in the aggregate, shall not have and could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect).“ 
Completion Date ” shall mean the date on which Completion has occurred. “ 
Compliance Certificate ”  shall mean a certificate of the chief financial officer or the treasurer of the Parent substantially inthe form attached as 
Exhibit H . “ 
Condemnation ”  shall mean any taking or sale of the use, access, occupancy, easement rights or title to the Property or anypart
 thereof,  wholly  or  partially  (temporarily  or  permanently),  by  or  on  account  of  any  actual  or  threatened  eminent  domainproceeding
 or other taking of action by any Person having the power of eminent domain, including an action by a GovernmentalAuthority
 to change the grade of, or widen the streets adjacent to, the Property or alter the pedestrian or vehicular traffic flow to theProperty
 so as to result in a change in access to the Property, or by or on account of an eviction by paramount title or any transfermade in lieu of any such proceeding or action.
“ 
Consolidated ”  shall mean, when used with reference to financial statements or financial statement items of any Person,such statements or items on a consolidated basis in accordance with applicable principles of consolidation under GAAP.
“ 
Consolidated EBITDA ”  shall mean, for any period, the Consolidated net income or loss of the Parent and its Subsidiariesfor
 such period plus (a) without duplication and to the extent deducted in determining such Consolidated net income, the sum of(i)
 consolidated interest expense for such period, (ii) consolidated income tax expense for such period, (iii) all amounts attributableto
 depreciation and amortization for such period, (iv) any extraordinary or non-recurring non-cash charges (it being agreed that non-recurring
 non-cash charges (A) will be deemed to include non-cash restructuring charges and non-cash goodwill and intangible assetimpairment
 charges  but  (B)  will  be  deemed  to  exclude  any  reserve  or  accrual  for  any  future  cash  expenditure  other  than  legalsettlements
 or judgments), (v) stock-based employee compensation expense, (vi) losses from sales and dispositions of assets outsidethe ordinary
 course of business, (vii) restructuring charges and (viii) charges arising from legal settlements and judgments and minus(b)
 without  duplication  and  to  the  extent  included  in  determining  such  Consolidated  net  income,  (i)  any  extraordinary  or  non-recurring
 gains for such period (excluding any reversal or reduction of any reserve or accrual for any future cash expenditure) and(ii)
 gains  from  sales  or  dispositions  of  assets  outside  the  ordinary  course  of  business,  all  determined  on  a  Consolidated  basis  inaccordance with GAAP.
In
 the  event  that  the  Parent  or  any  Subsidiary  shall  have  completed  since  the  beginning  of  any  period  an  acquisition  ordisposition
 of any Person, division or business unit for which the Parent is required to file pro forma financial statements with theSEC,
 Consolidated EBITDA shall be determined for such period on a Pro Forma Basis as if such acquisition or disposition, and anyrelated incurrence or repayment of Indebtedness, had occurred at the beginning of such period.
“ 
Consolidated Interest Expense ”  shall mean, for any period, the sum of the following determined on a Consolidated basis,without
 duplication, for the Parent and its Subsidiaries in accordance with GAAP, interest expense (including, without limitation,interest expense attributable
Appendix A - 10
to Capital Lease Obligations and Synthetic Leases, and all net payment obligations pursuant to Hedge Agreements) for such period.“ 
Consolidated Total Assets ”  shall mean, on any date, the consolidated total assets of the Parent and its Subsidiaries, as suchamounts would appear on a consolidated balance sheet of the Parent prepared as of such date in accordance with GAAP.
“ 
Consolidated Total Indebtedness ”  shall mean, on any date, all items of the types described in clauses (a), (b), (d) or (g) ofthe
 definition of “Indebtedness” that would, in accordance with GAAP, be included as a liability on a Consolidated balance sheet ofthe Parent and its Subsidiaries as of such date.
“ 
Consolidated  Total  Revenues ”  shall  mean,  for  any  period,  the  consolidated  total  revenues  of  the  Parent  and  theSubsidiaries for such period determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP.
“ 
Construction Advance ”  shall mean an advance of funds to pay, or to reimburse the Lessee, the Construction Agent or adesignee or
 designees of either for, Property Costs pursuant to Section 5.4 of the Participation Agreement from and after the ClosingDate Advance and the Acquisition Advance.
“ 
Construction Advisers ” shall mean, collectively, the Construction Servicer and the Inspection Consultant. “ 
Construction  Agency  Person ”  shall  mean  the  Construction  Agent,  the  Lessee,  the  Guarantors,  any  contractor,subcontractor,
 adviser, architect, engineer, developer, employee, attorney‑ in‑fact or agent with respect to any Property and any otherPerson that the Construction Agent directly or indirectly supervises, hires or otherwise permits to engage in any Work with respect to
any Property, any portion thereof or any Improvements thereto.
“ 
Construction  Agent ”  shall  mean  NVIDIA  Land  Development,  LLC,  a  Delaware  limited  liability  company,  as  theconstruction agent under the Agency Agreement.
“ 
Construction Agent Certificate ”  shall have the meaning given to such term in Section 5.17(b)(i)(A) of the ParticipationAgreement.
“ 
Construction Budget ”  shall mean the cost of acquisition, installation, testing, constructing and developing the Property asdetermined by the Construction Agent in its commercially reasonable discretion.
“ 
Construction  Contract ”  shall  mean  each  contract  entered  into  between  the  Construction  Agent  or  the  Lessee  with  aContractor
 for the construction of the Improvements or any portion thereof on the Property, including any change orders, including:(a)
 the  Design‑ Build  Agreement  dated  as  of  or  about  the  Closing  Date  by  and  among  the  Lessee  and  Devcon  ConstructionIncorporated;
 (b) the Development Agreement effective as of February 13, 2009 by and among the Lessee and The City of SantaClara, a municipal corporation; (c) the Stormwater Treatment Measures
Appendix A - 11
Inspection and Maintenance Agreement dated of or about the Closing Date by and between the Lessee and The City of Santa Clara,California,
 a chartered California municipal corporation; (d) the Hold Harmless Agreement made and entered into as of or about theClosing Date by and between the
 Lessee and the City of Santa Clara, California, a chartered California municipal corporation; (e) theCorporate Consultant
 Agreement for Non‑ Technical Services dated as of September 1, 2012 by and between the Lessee and SRGNCCRES,
 LLC,  a  Delaware  limited  liability  company;  (f)  the  Agreement  Between  Client  and  Consultant  fully  executed  as  ofJanuary
 22, 2013 by and among the Lessee, as client, and Kier & Wright Civil Engineers and Surveyors, Inc., as consultant; (g) theProposal dated
 as of October 2, 2012, as modified by that certain Proposal dated February 19, 2015 offered Langan Treadwell Rolloand
 accepted by the Lessee; (h) the Indemnity Agreement I from the Parent in favor of First American Title Insurance Company inregards
 to  File  No.  NCS-732313D-  PHX1;  (i)  Commercial  Owner’s  Affidavit  from  the  Lessee  in  favor  of  First  American  TitleInsurance
 Company, in regards to File No. NCS-732313B- PHX1; and (j) Commercial Owner’s Affidavit from the Lessee in favorof First American Title Insurance Company, in regards to File No. NCS-732313D- PHX1.
“ 
Construction Document ”  shall mean each of the Construction Contracts, the Construction Budget, the Architect Contractsand the Plans and Specifications, in each case regarding the Property.
“ 
Construction  Period ”  shall  mean  the  period  commencing  on  the  Closing  Date  and  ending  on  the  Construction  PeriodTermination Date.
“ 
Construction  Period  Guarantee  Amount ”  shall  have  the  meaning  given  to  such  term  in  Section  5.4  of  the  AgencyAgreement.
“ 
Construction Period Permitted Amount ”  shall mean all amounts, liabilities and obligations which the Lessee assumes oragrees
 to  pay  during  the  Construction  Period  to  the  Lessor  under  the  Operative  Agreements  including  (i)  payments  of  theTermination
 Value in connection with the purchase of the Property by the Lessee (or its designee), (ii) amounts owing with respectto any Agency Agreement Event of Default (including the Terminati
on Value in connection with any Full Recourse Event of Defaultand
 the  Construction  Period  Guarantee  Amount  in  connection  with  any  Agency  Agreement  Event  of  Default  that  is  not  a  FullRecourse
 Event of Default) and (iii) amounts owing with respect to indemnification matters (including pursuant to Section 11.6 ofthe Participation Agreement).
“ 
Construction Period Termination Date ”  shall mean the Target Construction Period Termination Date or in the event that aForce
 Majeure Event occurs with respect to the Property prior to the Target Construction Period Termination Date, then such laterdate
 (if  any)  as  may  be  determined  in  accordance  with  Section  5.18  of  the  Participation  Agreement,  or  such  earlier  date  as  theMortgage
 Loan Commitments shall terminate as provided in the Mortgage Loan Agreement, the Credit Loan Commitments shallterminate
 as  provided  in  the  Credit  Loan  Agreement  or  the  Lessor  Commitment  shall  terminate  as  provided  in  the  ParticipationAgreement.
“ 
Construction Servicer ”  shall mean the Real Estate Technical Services / Construction and Financing Group of Wells FargoBank, National Association, a national banking association.
Appendix A - 12
“ Contamination ”  shall mean the presence or release or threat of release of Regulated Substances in, on, under or emanatingto
 or  from  the  Property  or  any  other  real  property  owned  or  leased  by  the  Parent  or  any  of  its  Subsidiaries  which  pursuant  toEnvironmental
 Laws requires notification or reporting to an Official Body, or which pursuant to Environmental Laws requires theinvestigation,
 cleanup, removal, remediation, containment, abatement of or other response action or which otherwise constitutes aviolation of Environmental Laws.
“ 
Continuing Directors ”  shall mean the directors of the Parent on the Closing Date and each other director of the Parent, if,in
 each case, such other director’s nomination for election to the board of directors (or equivalent governing body) of the Parent isrecommended by at least fifty
‑ one percent (51%) of the then Continuing Directors.“ 
Contractor ”  shall  mean  each  entity  with  whom  the  Construction  Agent  or  the  Lessee  contracts  to  construct  theImprovements or any portion thereof on the Property.
“ 
Convertible  Senior  Notes ”  shall  mean  the  1%  Convertible  Senior  Notes  due  2018  issued  by  NVIDIA  Corporation  onDecember 2, 2013, in the principal amount of $1,500,000,000.
“ 
Credit Lender ”  shall mean each bank or other financial institution which is from time to time party to any of the OperativeAgreements in its capacity as a “Credit Lender”.
“ 
Credit Lender Overdue Rate ” shall have the meaning given to such term in Section 2.8(c) of the Credit Loan Agreement. “ 
Credit Lender Unused Fee ” shall have the meaning given to such term in Section 7.4 of the Participation Agreement. “ 
Credit Lender Upfront Fee ” shall have the meaning given to such term in Section 7.5 of the Participation Agreement. “ 
Credit Loan Agreement ”  shall mean the Credit Agreement (Credit Loans) dated as of the Closing Date among the Lessor,the several Credit Lenders from time to time party thereto and the Agent.
“ 
Credit Loan Basic Rent ”  shall mean the scheduled interest due on the Credit Loans on any Scheduled Interest PaymentDate (but not including interest on overdue amounts).
“ 
Credit Loan Commitments ”  shall mean the obligation of the Credit Lenders to make the Credit Loans to the Lessor in anaggregate
 principal amount at any one time outstanding not to exceed the aggregate of the amounts set forth opposite each CreditLender’s
 name on Schedule  2.1 to  the Credit Loan Agreement, as such amount may be increased or reduced from time to time inaccordance with
 the provisions of the Operative Agreements; provided , no  Credit Lender shall be obligated to make Credit Loans inexcess
 of  such  Credit  Lender’s  share  of  the  Credit  Loan  Commitments  as  set  forth  adjacent  to  such  Credit  Lender’s  name  onSchedule 2.1 
to the Credit Loan Agreement. Appendix A - 13
“ Credit Loan Default ”  shall mean any event, act or condition which with notice or lapse of time, or both, would constitute aCredit Loan Event of Default.
“ 
Credit Loan Event of Default ” shall have the meaning given to such term in Section 6 of the Credit Loan Agreement. “ 
Credit  Loan  Property  Cost ”  shall  mean,  at  any  date  of  determination,  an  amount  equal  to  (a)  the  aggregate  principalamount
 of all Credit Loans made on or prior to such date minus (b)  the aggregate amount of prepayments or repayments as the casemay
 be  of  the  Credit  Loans  allocated  to  reduce  the  Credit  Loan  Property  Cost  pursuant  to  Section  2.6(c)  of  the  Credit  LoanAgreement
 and, subject to Sections 11.2(e), 11.3 and 11.4 of the Participation Agreement and the payment of all amounts due andowing pursuant thereto, pursuant to Section 5.22 of the Participation Agreement.
“ 
Credit Loans ” shall mean the loans made by the Credit Lenders pursuant to the Credit Loan Agreement. “ 
Credit Note ” shall have the meaning given to such term in Section 2.2 of the Credit Loan Agreement. “ 
Credit Parties ” shall mean the Construction Agent, the Lessee and the Guarantors. “ 
Cumulative  Basic  Rent  Adjustment ”  or  “ Cumulative  Lessor  Basic  Rent  Adjustment ”  shall  mean,  as  of  a  particularmeasurement date, the sum of the Lessor Basic Rent Adjustments which have actually occurred as of such measurement date.
“ 
Debtor Relief Laws ”  shall mean the Bankruptcy Code, and all other liquidation, conservatorship, bankruptcy, assignmentfor
 the benefit of creditors, moratorium, rearrangement, receivership, insolvency, reorganization, or similar debtor relief Laws of theUnited States or other applicable jurisdictions from time to time in effect.
“ 
Deemed Insolvency ”  shall mean with respect to any Person, such Person  is insolvent pursuant to the Uniform FraudulentTransfers Act or any similar, equivalent or replacement thereof.
“ 
Default ”  shall mean any event, act or condition which with notice or lapse of time, or both, would constitute an Event ofDefault.
“ 
Defaulting Credit Lender ”  shall mean, subject to Section 2.3(c)(ii) of the Credit Loan Agreement, any Credit Lender that(a)
 has failed to (i) fund all or any portion of its Credit Loans within two (2) Business Days of the date such Credit Loans wererequired
 to be funded under the Operative Agreement unless such Credit Lender notifies the Agent and the Borrower in writing thatsuch
 failure is the result of such Credit Lender’s determination that one or more conditions precedent to funding (each of whichconditions
 precedent, together with any applicable default, shall be specifically identified in such writing) has not been satisfied, or(ii)
 pay to the Agent or any other Credit Lender any other amount required to be paid by it hereunder within two (2) Business Daysof
 the  date  when  due,  (b)  has  notified  the  Borrower  or  the  Agent  in  writing  that  it  does  not  intend  to  comply  with  its  fundingobligations hereunder, or has made a public statement to that effect
Appendix A - 14
(unless such writing or public statement relates to such Credit Lender’s obligation to fund a Credit Loan hereunder and states thatsuch
 position  is  based  on  such  Credit  Lender’s  determination  that  a  condition  precedent  to  funding  (which  condition  precedent,together
 with any applicable default, shall be specifically identified in such writing or public statement) cannot be satisfied), (c) hasfailed,
 within three (3) Business Days after written request by the Agent or the Borrower, to confirm in writing to the Agent and theBorrower that it
 will comply with its prospective funding obligations hereunder ( provided , that such Credit Lender shall cease to  bea
 Defaulting Credit Lender pursuant to this clause (c) upon receipt of such written confirmation by the Agent and the Borrower), or(d)
 has, or has a direct or indirect parent company that has, (i) become the subject of a proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law,(ii)
 had  appointed  for  it  a  receiver,  custodian,  conservator,  trustee,  administrator,  assignee  for  the  benefit  of  creditors  or  similarPerson
 charged with reorganization or liquidation of its business or assets, including the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation orany
 other state or federal regulatory authority acting in such a capacity, or (iii) become the subject of a Bail‑ In Action; provided , that
 a Credit Lender shall not be a Defaulting Credit Lender solely by virtue of the ownership or acquisition of any equity interest inthat
 Credit Lender or any direct or indirect parent company thereof by a Governmental Authority so long as such ownership interestdoes
 not result in or provide such Credit Lender with immunity from the jurisdiction of courts within the United States or from theenforcement
 of judgments or writs of attachment on its assets or permit such Lender (or such Governmental Authority) to reject,repudiate,
 disavow or disaffirm any contracts or agreements made with such Lender. Any determination by the Agent that a CreditLender
 is a Defaulting Credit Lender under any one or more of clauses (a) through (d) above, and the effective date of such status,shall
 be conclusive and binding absent manifest error, and such Credit Lender shall be deemed to be a Defaulting Credit Lender(subject
 to Section 2.3(c)(ii) of the Credit Loan Agreement) as of the date established therefor by the Agent in a written notice ofsuch
 determination, which shall be delivered by the Agent to the Borrower and each other Credit Lender promptly following suchdetermination.
“ 
Defaulting Lender ” shall mean any Defaulting Credit Lender or Defaulting Mortgage Lender, as applicable. “ 
Defaulting Mortgage Lender ”  shall mean, subject to Section 2.3(c)(ii) of the Mortgage Loan Agreement, any MortgageLender
 that  (a)  has  failed  to  (i)  fund  all  or  any  portion  of  its  Mortgage  Loans  within  two  (2)  Business  Days  of  the  date  suchMortgage Loans were
 required to be funded under the Operative Agreement unless such Mortgage Lender notifies the Agent and theBorrower
 in writing that such failure is the result of such Mortgage Lender’s determination that one or more conditions precedent tofunding
 (each of which conditions precedent, together with any applicable default, shall be specifically identified in such writing)has
 not been satisfied, or (ii) pay to the Agent or any other Mortgage Lender any other amount required to be paid by it hereunderwithin
 two (2) Business Days of the date when due, (b) has notified the Borrower or the Agent in writing that it does not intend tocomply
 with its funding obligations hereunder, or has made a public statement to that effect (unless such writing or public statementrelates
 to  such  Mortgage  Lender’s  obligation  to  fund  a  Mortgage  Loan  hereunder  and  states  that  such  position  is  based  on  suchMortgage
 Lender’s determination that a condition precedent to funding (which condition precedent, together with any applicabledefault,
 shall  be  specifically  identified  in  such  writing  or  public  statement)  cannot  be  satisfied),  (c)  has  failed,  within  three  (3)Business Days after
Appendix A - 15
written  request  by  the  Agent  or  the  Borrower,  to  confirm  in  writing  to  the  Agent  and  the  Borrower  that  it  will  comply  with  itsprospective
 funding obligations hereunder ( provided ,  that such Mortgage Lender shall cease to be a Defaulting Mortgage Lenderpursuant
 to this clause (c) upon receipt of such written confirmation by the Agent and the Borrower), or (d) has, or has a direct orindirect
 parent company that has, (i) become the subject of a proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law, (ii) had appointed for it areceiver,
 custodian,  conservator,  trustee,  administrator,  assignee  for  the  benefit  of  creditors  or  similar  Person  charged  withreorganization
 or  liquidation  of  its  business  or  assets,  including  the  Federal  Deposit  Insurance  Corporation  or  any  other  state  orfederal
 regulatory authority acting in such a capacity, or (iii) become the subject of a Bail‑ In Action; provided ,  that a MortgageLender
 shall  not  be  a Defaulting  Mortgage  Lender  solely  by  virtue  of  the  ownership  or acquisition  of any  equity  interest  in thatMortgage
 Lender or any direct or indirect parent company thereof by a Governmental Authority so long as such ownership interestdoes
 not result in or provide such Mortgage Lender with immunity from the jurisdiction of courts within the United States or fromthe
 enforcement of judgments or writs of attachment on its assets or permit such Lender (or such Governmental Authority) to reject,repudiate,
 disavow  or  disaffirm  any  contracts  or  agreements  made  with  such  Lender.  Any  determination  by  the  Agent  that  aMortgage
 Lender is a Defaulting Mortgage Lender under any one or more of clauses (a) through (d) above, and the effective date ofsuch
 status, shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error, and such Mortgage Lender shall be deemed to be a DefaultingMortgage Lender (subject to Section 2.3(c)(ii) of
 the Mortgage Loan Agreement) as of the date established therefor by the Agent in awritten
 notice  of  such  determination,  which  shall  be  delivered  by  the  Agent  to  the  Borrower  and  each  other  Mortgage  Lenderpromptly following such determination.
“ 
Deficiency Balance ” shall have the meaning given to such term in Section 21.1(b) of the Lease. “ 
Disqualified Equity Interests ”  shall mean any Equity Interests that, by their terms (or by the terms of any security or otherEquity Interest into
 which they are convertible or for which they are exchangeable) or upon the happening of any event or condition,(a)
 mature or are mandatorily redeemable (other than solely for Qualified Equity Interests), pursuant to a sinking fund obligation orotherwise
 (except as a result of a change of control or asset sale so long as any rights of the holders thereof upon the occurrence of achange
 of  control  or  asset  sale  event  shall  be  subject  to  the  prior  repayment  in  full  of  the  Company  Obligations  and  all  otherCompany Obligations that
 are accrued and payable and the termination of the Commitments), (b) are redeemable at the option of theholder
 thereof (other than solely for Qualified Equity Interests) (except as a result of a change of control or asset sale so long as anyrights
 of the holders thereof upon the occurrence of a change of control or asset sale event shall be subject to the prior repayment infull
 of  the  Company  Obligations  and  all  other  Company  Obligations  that  are  accrued  and  payable  and  the  termination  of  theCommitments)
, in whole or in part, (c) provide for the scheduled payment of dividends in cash or (d) are or become convertible intoor exchangeable for Indebtedne
ss or any other Equity Interests that would constitute Disqualified Equity Interests, in each case, priorto the date
 that is ninety‑ one (91) days after the Maturity Date; provided , that if such Equity Interests is iss ued pursuant to a plan forthe
 benefit  of  the  Parent  or  its  Subsidiaries  or  by  any  such  plan  to  such  employees,  such  Equity  Interests  shall  not  constituteDisqualified Equity Interests solely because they may be
Appendix A - 16
required to be repurchased by the Parent or its Subsidiaries in order to satisfy applicable statutory or regulatory obligations.“ 
Dollars ” and “ $ ” shall mean dollars in lawful currency of the United States of America.“ 
Domestic Subsidiary ”  shall mean any Subsidiary of the Parent organized under the laws of any political subdivision of theUnited States.
“ 
EEA Financial Institution ” shall mean (a) any credit institution or investment firm established in any EEA Member Country which is subject to the supervision of an EEA Resolution Authority, (b) any entity established in an EEA Member Country which is a parent of an
institution described in clause (a) of this definition, or (c) any financial institution established in an EEA Member Country which is a
subsidiary of an institution described in clauses (a) or (b) of this definition and is subject to consolidated supervision with its parent.
“ 
EEA Member Country ” shall mean any of the member states of the European Union, Iceland, Liechtenstein, and Norway. “ 
EEA  Resolution  Authority ”  shall  mean  any  public  administrative  authority  or  any  person  entrusted  with  publicadministrative
 authority of any EEA Member Country (including any delegee) having responsibility for the resolution of any EEAFinancial Institution.
“ 
Election Date ” shall have the meaning given to such term in Section 20.1 of the Lease. “ 
Election Notice ” shall have the meaning given to such term in Section 20.1 of the Lease. “ 
Eligible Assignee ”  shall mean respecting any assignee of any Lender, any “qualified institutional buyer” as that term isdefined
 in Rule 144A under the Securities Act or an Affiliate of a qualified institutional buyer, except in all cases any DefaultingLender, any Credit Party or any Affiliate of any Credit Party.
“ 
Eligible Lessor ”  shall mean a Person, (a) with respect to which another Person has voting control of such first Person,represented
 by  a  majority  of  the  outstanding  voting  equity  interests  of  such  first  Person  (the  “ Majority  Equity  Interests ”)  and(b)
 that: (i) has a legal form that allows holders of the Majority Equity Interests therein to make decisions and manage such Person’sactivities;
 (ii) has a level of net worth sufficient to allow it to finance its activities; (iii) has the Majority Equity Interests thereinwhich
 are the first interest subject to loss if such Person’s assets are not sufficient to meet its obligations; (iv) has not received assetsthat
 are beneficial interests in a special purpose entity in exchange for the issuance of the Majority Equity Interests therein; (v) hasnot received funds in exchange for the
 Majority Equity Interests therein from any of the Financing Parties, other than its parent entityor
 its Affiliates; and (vi) holds title to real estate, equipment assets or other assets with a fair market value equal to or in excess oftwo (2) times the then current Termination Value.
“ 
Employee Benefit Plan ”  shall mean (a) any employee benefit plan within the meaning of Section 3(3) of ERISA that ismaintained for
 employees of any Credit Party or any ERISA Affiliate or (b) any Pension Plan or Multiemployer Plan that has at anytime within the preceding seven (7)
Appendix A - 17
years been maintained, funded or administered for the employees of any Credit Party or any current or former ERISA Affiliate.“ 
Enforcement Notice ” shall have the meaning given to such term in Section 5.14 of the Participation Agreement. “ 
Engagement Letter ”  shall mean that certain engagement letter agreement, dated as of April 30, 2015, from Wells FargoSecurities,
 LLC  and  Wells  Fargo  Bank,  National  Association  to  Ms.  Colette  Kress,  Chief  Financial  Officer  of  the  Parent,  andaccepted
 and agreed to by the Parent, as such letter may be amended, modified, supplemented, restated or replaced from time totime.
“ 
Environmental Claims ”  shall mean any investigation (other than internal reports prepared by any Person in the ordinarycourse
 of  business),  notices  of  non-compliance  or  violation,  demand  letter,  allegation,  action,  suit,  injunction,  judgment,  order,consent
 decree,  penalty,  fine,  lien,  proceeding,  or  other  Claim  (whether  administrative,  judicial,  or  private  in  nature)  arising(a)
 pursuant  to,  or  in  connection  with,  an  actual  or  alleged  violation  of,  or  noncompliance  with,  any  Environmental  Law,  (b)  inconnection
 with  any  Hazardous  Substance,  (c)  from  any  abatement,  removal,  remedial,  corrective,  or  other  response  action  inconnection
 with a Hazardous Substance, Environmental Law, or other order of a Tribunal or (d) from any actual or alleged damage,injury, threat, or harm to health, safety, natural resources, or the environment.
“ 
Environmental Condition ”  shall mean any action, omission, event, condition or circumstance, including the presence ofany
 Hazardous Substance, which does or reasonably would (i) require assessment, investigation, abatement, correction, removal orremediation,
 (ii) give rise to any obligation or liability of any nature (whether civil or criminal, arising under a theory of negligenceor strict liability, or otherwise under any Environmental Law), (iii) create or constitute a public or private nuisance or trespass, or (iv)
constitute a violation of or noncompliance with any Environmental Law.
“ 
Environmental Laws ”  shall mean all federal, state, provincial, local and foreign Laws (including, but not limited to, theComprehensive
 Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act, 42 U.S.C. §§ 9601 et seq., the Resource Conservationand
 Recovery  Act,  42  U.S.C.  §  6901  et  seq.,  the  Hazardous  Materials  Transportation  Act,  49  U.S.C.  §  1801  et  seq.,  the  ToxicSubstances
 Control Act, 15 U.S.C. § 2601 et seq., the Federal Water Pollution Control Act, 33 U.S.C. §§ 1251 et seq., the FederalSafe
 Drinking Water Act, 42 U.S.C. §§ 300f-300j, the Federal Air Pollution Control Act, 42 U.S.C. § 7401 et seq., the Oil PollutionAct,
 33 U.S.C. § 2701 et seq., the Federal Insecticide, Fungicide and Rodenticide Act, 7 U.S.C. §§ 136 to 136y) each as amended,and
 any regulations promulgated thereunder or any equivalent state, provincial or local Law, each as amended, and any regulationspromulgated
 thereunder  and  any  consent  decrees,  settlement  agreements,  judgments,  orders,  directives  or  any  binding  policieshaving
 the force and effect of law issued by or entered into with an Official Body pertaining or relating to: (a) pollution or pollutioncontrol;
 (b)  protection  of human  health  from  exposure  to Regulated  Substances;  (c)  protection  of the  environment  and/or  naturalresources;
 (d)  the  presence,  use,  management,  generation,  manufacture,  processing,  extraction,  treatment,  recycling,  refining,reclamation, labeling, sale, transport, storage, collection, distribution, disposal or release or threat of release of Regulated
Appendix A - 18
Substances;  (e)  the  presence  of  Contamination;  (f)  the  protection  of  endangered  or  threatened  species;  and  (g)  the  protection  ofEnvironmentally Sensitive Areas.
“ 
Environmental Liability ”  shall mean any liability, contingent or otherwise (including any liability for damages, costs ofenvironmental
 remediation, fines, penalties or indemnities), directly or indirectly resulting from or based upon (a) the violation ofany
 Environmental  Law,  (b)  the  generation,  use,  handling,  transportation,  storage,  treatment  or  disposal  of  any  HazardousSubstances,
 (c) exposure to any Hazardous Substances, (d) the release or threatened release of any Hazardous Substances into theenvironment,
 or (e) any contract, agreement or other consensual arrangement pursuant to which liability is assumed or imposed withrespect to any of the foregoing.
“ 
Environmental Violation ” shall  mean any activity, omission, occurrence or condition that violates or threatens (if the threatrequires
 remediation  under  any  Environmental  Law  and  is  not  remediated  during  any  grace  period  allowed  under  suchEnvironmental
 Law) to violate or results in or threatens (if the threat requires remediation under any Environmental Law and is notremediated
 during any grace period allowed under such Environmental Law) to result in noncompliance with any EnvironmentalLaw.
“ 
Environmentally Sensitive Area ”  shall mean (a) any wetland as defined by or designated by Applicable Laws, includingapplicable
 Environmental Laws; (b) any area designated as a coastal zone pursuant to Applicable Laws, including EnvironmentalLaws;
 (c) any area of historic or archeological significance or scenic area as defined or designated by Applicable Laws, includingEnvironmental
 Laws;  (d)  habitats  of  endangered  species  or  threatened  species  as  designated  by  Applicable  Laws,  includingEnvironmental Laws; (e) wilderne
ss or refuge areas as defined or designated by Applicable Laws, including Environmental Laws; or(f) a floodplain or other flood hazard area as defined pursuant to any Applicable Laws.
“ 
Equipment ”  shall  mean  equipment,  apparatus,  furnishings,  fittings  and  personal  property  of  every  kind  and  naturewhatsoever
 that is purchased, leased or otherwise acquired using the proceeds of the Loans or Lessor Advances, together with allreplacements, modifications, attachments and additions thereto.
“ 
Equipment Schedule ” shall mean each Equipment Schedule attached to the applicable Requisition. “ 
Equity Interests ”  shall mean (a) in the case of a corporation, capital stock, (b) in the case of an association or businessentity,
 any and all shares, interests, participations, rights or other equivalents (however designated) of capital stock, (c) in the case ofa
 partnership, partnership interests (whether general or limited), (d) in the case of a limited liability company, membership interests,(e)
 any other interest or participation that confers on a Person the right to receive a share of the profits and losses of, or distributionsof assets of, the issuing Person and (f) any and all warrants, rights or options to purchase any of the foregoing.
“ 
ERISA ” shall mean  the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as the same may be amended or supplementedfrom
 time to time, and any successor statute of similar import,  and the rules and regulations  thereunder,  as from time to time ineffect.
Appendix A - 19
“ ERISA Affiliate ”  shall mean any Person who together with any Credit Party or any of its Subsidiaries is treated as a singleemployer within the meaning of Section 414(b), (c), (m) or (o) of the Code or Section 4001(b) of ERISA.
“ 
ERISA  Event ”  shall  mean  (a)  any  “reportable  event”,  as  defined  in  Section  4043  of  ERISA  or  the  regulations  issuedthereunder
 with respect to a Plan (other than an event for which the 30-day notice period is waived), (b) with respect to any Planfailure
 to meet the “minimum funding standard” (as defined in Section 412 of the Code or Section 302 of ERISA), whether or notwaived,
 (c) a determination that any Plan is in “at risk” status (within the meaning of Section 430 of the Code or Section 303 ofERISA),
 (d) the cessation of operations at a facility of any Credit Party or any ERISA Affiliate in the circumstances described inSection
 4062(e) of ERISA, (e) imposition of a lien under Section 303(k) of ERISA, (f) the incurrence by any Credit Party or anyERISA
 Affiliate of any liability under Title IV of ERISA with respect to the termination of any Plan, (g) the receipt by any CreditParty
 or any ERISA Affiliate from the PBGC or a plan administrator of any notice relating to an intention to terminate any Plan orPlans
 or to appoint a trustee to administer any Plan, (h) the incurrence by any Credit Party or any ERISA Affiliate of any liabilitywith
 respect to the withdrawal or partial withdrawal from any Plan or Multiemployer Plan, (i) the receipt by any Credit Party or anyERISA Affiliate of any notice, or
 the receipt by any Multiemployer Plan from any Credit Party or any ERISA Affiliate of any notice,imposing Withdra
wal Liability or a determination that a Multiemployer Plan is, or is expected to be, “insolvent” (within the meaningof
 Title IV of ERISA), in “reorganization” (within the meaning of Section 4241 of ERISA) or in “endangered” or “critical” status(within
 the meaning of Section 432 of the Code or Section  304 of ERISA),  (j) the occurrence  of a “prohibited  transaction”  withrespect
 to  which  any  Credit  Party  or  any  Subsidiary  would  be  liable,  (k)  any  other  event  or  condition  with  respect  to  a  Plan  orMultiemployer
 Plan that could result in liability of any Credit Party or any Subsidiary under Title IV of ERISA, other than for thenon-delinquent payment of premiums in the ordinary course, or (l) any Foreign Benefit Event.
“ 
EU  Bail‑In  Legislation  Schedule ”  shall  mean  the  EU  Bail‑ In  Legislation  Schedule  published  by  the  Loan  MarketAssociation (or any successor person), as in effect from time to time.
“ 
Eurocurrency Liabilities ”  shall have the meaning given to such term in Regulation D of the Board of Governors of theFederal Reserve System, as in 
effect from time to time . “ 
Eurodollar Credit Loan ” shall mean the Credit  Loans with respect to which interest is calculated based on the LIBOR Rate.“ 
Eurodollar Lessor Advance ” shall mean a Lessor Advance bearing a Lessor Yield based on the LIBOR Rate. “ 
Eurodollar Loans ” shall mean the Eurodollar Credit Loans and the Eurodollar Mortgage Loans, as applicable. “ 
Eurodollar  Mortgage  Loans ”  shall  mean  the  Mortgage  Loans  with  respect  to  which  interest  is  calculated  based  on  theLIBOR Rate.
Appendix A - 20
“ Eurodollar  Reserve  Percentage ”  shall  mean  for  any  Eurodollar  Loan  or  Eurodollar  Lessor  Advance,  the  percentageapplicable
 during such period (or, if more than one such percentage shall be so applicable, the daily average of such percentages forthose days
 in such period during which any such percentage shall be so applicable) under regulations issued from time to time by theBoard
 of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (or any successor) for determining the maximum reserve requirement (includingany
 emergency, supplemental or other marginal reserve requirement) with respect to liabilities or assets consisting of or includingEurocurrency Liabilities having a term of one month.
“ 
Event of Default ”  shall mean a Lease Event of Default, an Agency Agreement Event of Default, a Credit Loan Event ofDefault or a Mortgage Loan Event of Default.
“ 
Excepted Payments ” shall mean: (a)
    all  indemnity  payments  (including  indemnity  payments  made  pursuant  to  Section  11  of  the  ParticipationAgreement),
 whether made by adjustment to Basic Rent or otherwise, to which the Lessor or any of its Affiliates, agents,officers, directors or employees is entitled;
(b)
    any  amounts  (other  than  Basic  Rent  or  Termination  Value)  payable  under  any  Operative  Agreement  toreimburse
 the  Lessor  or  any  of  its  respective  Affiliates  (including  the  reasonable  expenses  of  the  Lessor  incurred  inconnection with any such payment) for
 performing or complying with any of the obligations of any Credit Party under and aspermitted by any Operative Agreement;
(c)
    any amount payable to the Lessor by any transferee of such interest of the Lessor as the purchase price of theLessor’s interest in the Trust Property (or a portion thereof);
(d)
    any  insurance  proceeds  (or  payments  with  respect  to  risks  self‑ insured  or policy  deductibles)  under  liabilitypolicies other than such proceeds or payments payable to the Agent or any Lender;
(e)    any insurance proceeds under policies maintained by the Lessor;
(f)
    Transaction Expenses or other amounts, fees, disbursements or expenses paid or payable to or for the benefit ofthe Lessor;
(g)
    any payments in respect of interest to the extent attributable to payments referred to in clauses (a) through (f)above;
(h)
    any rights of the Lessor to demand, collect, sue for or otherwise receive and enforce payment of any of theforegoing amounts, provided that such rights shall not include the right to terminate the Lease; and
(i)    any Overfunded Amount.
Appendix A - 21
“ Excess  Proceeds ”  shall  mean  the  excess,  if  any,  of  the  aggregate  of  all  awards,  compensation  or  insurance  proceedspayable
 in connection with a Casualty or Condemnation over the Termination Value paid by the Lessee pursuant to the Lease withrespect to such Casualty or Condemnation.
“ 
Exchange  Act ”  shall  mean  the  Securities  Exchange  Act  of  1934,  as  amended,  together  with  the  rules  and  regulationspromulgated thereunder.
“ 
Excluded Swap Obligation ” shall mean,  with respect to any Credit Party, any Swap Obligation if, and to the extent that, allor
 a portion of the liability of such Credit Party for or the guarantee of such Credit Party of, or the grant by such Credit Party of asecurity
 interest to secure, such Swap Obligation (or any liability or guarantee thereof) is or becomes illegal under the CommodityExchange
 Act  or  any  rule,  regulation  or  order  of  the  Commodity  Futures  Trading  Commission  (or  the  application  or  officialinterpretation
 of any thereof) by virtue of such Credit Party’s failure for any reason to constitute an “eligible contract participant” asdefined
 in the Commodity Exchange Act and the regulations thereunder at the time the liability for or the guarantee of such CreditParty
 or the grant of such security interest becomes effective with respect to such Swap Obligation (such determination being madeafter
 giving effect to any applicable keepwell, support or other agreement for the benefit of the applicable Credit Party, includingunder Section 6B.11 of the Participation Agreement). If a Swap Obligation arises under a master agreement governing more than one
swap,
 such exclusion shall apply only to the portion of such Swap Obligation that is attributable to swaps for which such guaranteeor security interest is or becomes illegal for the reasons identified in the immediately preceding sentence of this definition.
“ 
Exculpated  Persons ”  shall  mean  the  Lessor  (except  with  respect  to  the  representations  and  warranties  and  the  otherobligations
 of  the  Lessor  pursuant  to  the  Operative  Agreements  expressly  undertaken  in  its  individual  capacity,  including  therepresentat
ions and warranties of the Lessor pursuant to Section 6.2 of the Participation Agreement and the obligations of the Lessorunder Section 8.2 of the Participation Agreement) and its officers, directors, shareholders and partners.
“ 
Exempt Payments ” shall have the meaning given to such term in Section 11.2(e) of the Participation Agreement. “ 
Expiration Date ”  shall mean the last day of the Term; provided ,  in no event shall the Expiration Date be later than theninety
 (90) month anniversary of the Closing Date, unless such later date has been expressly agreed to in writing by each of theFinancing
 Parties in accordance with Section 2.2 of the Lease, in which case the Expiration Date shall in no event be later than thetwo hundred and seventy (270) month anniversary of the Closing Date.
“ 
Fair Market Sales Value ”  shall mean the amount, which in any event, shall not be less than zero (0), that would be paid incash in an arms
‑ length transaction between an informed and willing purchaser and an informed and willing seller, neither of whom isunder
 any compulsion to purchase or sell, respectively, the Property. Fair Market Sales Value of the Property shall be determinedbased
 on the assumption that, except for purposes of Section 17 of the Lease, the Property is in the condition and state of repairrequired
 under  Section  10.1  of  the  Lease  and  each  Credit  Party  is  in  compliance  with  the  other  requirements  of  the  OperativeAgreements.
Appendix A - 22
“ Federal Funds Effective Rate ” shall mean the Federal Funds Rate. “ 
Federal Funds Rate ” shall mean,  for any period, a fluctuating interest rate per annum equal for each day during such periodto
 the  weighted  average  of  the  overnight  federal  funds  rates  as  in  Federal  Reserve  Board  Statistical  Release  H.15(519)  or  anysuccessor
 or substitute publication  selected by the Agent (or, if such day is not a Business Day, for the next preceding  BusinessDay),
 or, if, for any reason, such rate is not available on any day, the rate determined, in the good faith opinion of the Agent, to bethe rate at which overnight federal funds are being offe
red in the national federal funds market at 9:00 a.m. Charlotte, North Carolinatime,
 absent demonstrable error; provided , notwithstanding the foregoing ,  if such interest rate determined as provided above wouldbe
 less than 0.0% per annum for any applicable time period, then such interest rate for such time period shall be deemed to be 0.0%per annum.
“ 
Fees ”  shall mean the Credit Lender Unused Fee, the Mortgage Lender Unused Fee, the Lessor Unused Fee, the CreditLender
 Upfront Fee, the Mortgage Lender Upfront Fee, the Lessor Upfront Fee, the Administrative Agency Fee, the Structuring Feeand any and all additional fees referenced pursuant to the Engagement Letter.
“ 
Financing Parties ” shall mean the Lessor, the Agent, the Mortgage Lenders and the Credit Lenders. “ 
Fiscal Quarter ” shall mean any quarter of a Fiscal Year. “ 
Fiscal Year ”  shall mean any period of twelve consecutive calendar months ending on the last Sunday in January of anycalendar
 year; references to a Fiscal Year with a number corresponding to any calendar year (e.g., the “2004 Fiscal Year”) refer tothe Fiscal Year ending on the last Sunday in January of such calendar year.
“ 
Fixtures ” shall mean all fixtures relating to the Improvements, including all components thereof, located in or on the Improvements, together with all replacements, modifications, alterations and additions thereto.
“ 
Force Majeure Event ”  shall mean, with respect to the Property during the Construction Period, any acts of God, severewind-driven rains or windstorms, hurricane, named
 storms, flood, earthquake, earth movement or subsidence when caused by naturalforces
 only, explosion, war, terrorism, embargoes, civil disturbance or riot, industry-wide (and not Property-specific) labor strikes,unusually
 severe weather events, government activities directly interfering with the work of construction of the Improvements, anygeneral
 inability  to  obtain  labor  or  materials,  civil  commotion  and  enemy  action  on  the  premises  of  or  directly  impacting  theProperty;
 but excluding in all cases any event, cause or condition that results from a breach by any Credit Party of its obligations,representat
ions or warranties under the Operative Agreements or any other agreements to which it is a party, from any Credit Party’sfinancial
 condition or failure to pay or any event, cause or condition which could have been avoided or which could be remedied ormitigated
 through  the  exercise  of  commercially  reasonable  efforts  or  the  commercially  reasonable  expenditure  of  funds  or  othercommercially
 reasonably  action,  election  or  arrangement  which  would  correct  or  resolve  the  impact  of  such  event  on  theconstruction.
Appendix A - 23
“ Force  Majeure  Loss ”  shall  mean  the  actual  construction  costs,  determined  by  the  applicable  insurance  company  inassessing a claim for such
 costs under any policy of insurance, or if such loss is not fully insured in whole or in part under any policyof
 insurance, then as determined by a nationally recognized independent appraiser selected by the Agent, expended to repair andrestore
 damage caused by a Force Majeure Event with respect to the Property (or portion thereof) to the condition of the Propertyimmediately
 prior  to  such  Force  Majeure  Event  (but  excluding  all  capitalized  costs  and  other  collateral  costs  and  carrying  costswhenever accrued).
“ 
Foreign Benefit Event ”  shall mean, with respect to any Foreign Pension Plan, (a) the existence of unfunded liabilities inexcess
 of the amount permitted under any applicable law, (b) the failure to make the required contributions or payments, under anyapplicable
 law, on or before the due date for such contributions or payments, (c) the receipt of a notice by a Governmental Authorityof
 the intention to terminate any such Foreign Pension Plan or to appoint a trustee or similar official to administer any such ForeignPension
 Plan, or alleging the insolvency of any such Foreign Pension Plan, (d) the incurrence of any liability by any Credit Party orany
 Subsidiary under applicable law on account of the complete or partial termination of such Foreign Pension Plan or the completeor
 partial  withdrawal  of  any  participating  employer  therein  or  (e)  the  occurrence  of  any  transaction  that  is  prohibited  under  anyapplicable
 law  and  that  could  reasonably  be  expected  to  result  in  the  incurrence  of  any  liability  by  any  Credit  Party  or  anySubsidiary,
 or  the  imposition  on  any  Credit  Party  or  any  Subsidiary  of  any  fine,  excise  tax  or  penalty  resulting  from  anynoncompliance with any applicable law.
“ 
Foreign Pension Plan ” shall mean any benefit plan  that under applicable law other than the laws of the United States or anypolitical
 subdivision thereof, is required to be funded through a trust or other funding vehicle other than a trust or funding vehiclemaintained exclusively by a Governmental Authority.
“ 
Foreign Subsidiary ”  shall mean any Subsidiary  that is organized  under the laws of a jurisdiction  other than the UnitedStates of America or any state thereof or the District of Columbia.
“ 
Full Recourse Event of Default ”  shall mean (a) an Agency Agreement Event of Default arising in whole or in part as aconsequence
 of  any  fraudulent  act  or  omission  of  Construction  Agent  or  Lessee  in  connection  with  the  negotiation,  execution,delivery,
 consummation and/or performance of any Operative Agreement or any other contractual agreement relating to the Propertyor
 the construction or work thereon; (b) an Agency Agreement Event of Default arising in whole or in part as a consequence of themisapplication
 of any Advance or any portion thereof or any other funds made available to, or on behalf of, Construction Agent orLessee
 under any Operative Agreement; (c) an Agency Agreement Event of Default arising in whole or in part as a consequence ofan
 Insolvency  Event;  (d)  an  occurrence  pursuant  to  willful  misconduct  on  behalf  of  Construction  Agent  or  Lessee;  or  (e)  anoccurrence pursuant to which Construction Agent or Lessee shall commit any illegal act regarding the Property.
“ 
GAAP ”  shall  mean  generally  accepted  accounting  principles  set  forth  in  the  opinions  and  pronouncements  of  theaccounting
 principles board of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants, and statements and pronouncements of theFinancial Accounting Standards Board or
Appendix A - 24
in such other statements by such other entity as may be approved by a significant segment of the accounting profession, that areapplicable to the circumstances as of the date of determination.
“ 
GAAP Project Cost ”  shall mean the Property Cost less any Uninsured Force Majeure Loss and Transaction Expenses thatare not allowed under GAAP.
“ 
Governmental  Action ”  shall  mean  all  permits,  authorizations,  registrations,  consents,  approvals,  waivers,  exceptions,variances,
 orders, judgments, written interpretations, decrees, licenses, exemptions, publications, filings, notices to and declarationsof or with,
 or required by, any Governmental Authority, or required by any Legal Requirement, and shall include, without limitation,all
 environmental  and  operating  permits  and  licenses  that  are  required  for  the  full  use,  occupancy,  zoning  and  operating  of  theProperty.
“ 
Governmental  Authority ”  shall  mean  the  government  of  the  United  States  or  any  other  nation,  or  of  any  politicalsubdivision
 thereof, whether state or local, and any agency, authority, instrumentality, regulatory body, court, central bank or otherentity
 exercising  executive,  legislative,  judicial,  taxing,  regulatory  or  administrative  powers  or  functions  of  or  pertaining  togovernment
 (including the Financial Conduct Authority, the Prudential Regulation Authority and any supra-national bodies such asthe European Union or the European Central Bank).
“ 
Ground Lease ”  shall mean that certain Ground Lease Agreement dated as of the Closing Date pursuant to which Lesseeground leases the Land to Lessor.
“ 
Guarantee ”  of or by any Person (the “ guarantor ”)  shall mean any obligation, contingent or otherwise, of the guarantorguaranteeing
 or having the economic effect of guaranteeing any Indebtedness or other obligation of any other Person (the “ primary obligor 
”)  in  any  manner,  whether  directly  or  indirectly,  and  including  any  obligation  of  the  guarantor,  direct  or  indirect,  (a)  topurchase or pay
 (or advance or supply funds for the purchase or payment of) such Indebtedness or other obligation or to purchase (orto
 advance or supply funds for the purchase of) any security for the payment thereof, (b) to purchase or lease property, securities orservices
 for  the  purpose  of  assuring  the  owner  of  such  Indebtedness  or  other  obligation  of  the  payment  thereof,  (c)  to  maintainworking
 capital,  equity  capital  or  any  other  financial  statement  condition  or  liquidity  of  the  primary  obligor  so  as  to  enable  theprimary
 obligor to pay such Indebtedness or other obligation, or (d) as an account party in respect of any letter of credit or letter ofguaranty
 issued to support such Indebtedness or obligation; provided that  the term “Guarantee” shall not include endorsements forcollection or deposit in the ordinary course of business.
“ 
Guaranteed  Obligations ”  shall  mean  (a)  the  Company  Obligations  and  (b)  any  existing  or  future  payment  and  otherobligations
 owing by any Credit Party under any Secured Hedge Agreements, excluding in all cases with respect to the foregoingsubsections (a) and (b), all Excluded Swap Obligations.
“ 
Guaranto r”  shall  mean,  collectively,  each  Person  executing  the  Participation  Agreement  as  of  the  Closing  Date  orotherwise
 executing  a Guaranty  Joinder  from  time  to  time  after  the  Closing  Date,  in  each  case,  to evidence  the  guarantee  of theGuaranteed Obligations.
Appendix A - 25
“ Guarantor Joinder ”  shall mean each Guarantor Joinder and Assumption Agreement executed by a newly added Guarantorpursuant
 to  the  provisions  of  Sections  6B.9  and  8.3A(j)  of  the  Participation  Agreement,  in  the  form  of EXHIBIT  G to  theParticipation Agreement or in such other form as is satisfactory to the Agent, in its commercially reasonable discretion.
“ 
Guaranty ”  of any Person shall mean any obligation of such Person guaranteeing or in effect guaranteeing any liability orobligation
 of any other Person in any manner, whether directly or indirectly, including any agreement to indemnify or hold harmlessany
 other  Person,  any  performance  bond  or  other  suretyship  arrangement  and  any  other  form  of  assurance  against  loss,  exceptendorsement of negotiable or other instruments for deposit or collection in the ordinary course of business.
“ 
Hard Costs ”  shall mean all costs and expenses payable for supplies, materials, labor and development fees with respect tothe Improvements under any Construction Contract.
“ 
Hazardous Substance ”  shall mean any of the following: (a) any petroleum or petroleum product, explosives, radioactivematerials,
 asbestos, formaldehyde, polychlorinated biphenyls, lead and radon gas; (b) any substance, material, product, derivative,compound
 or  mixture,  mineral,  chemical,  waste,  gas,  medical  waste,  or  pollutant,  in  each  case  whether  naturally  occurring,man
‑made or the by‑ product of any process, that is toxic, harmful or hazardous to the environment or health or safety of humanbeings;
 or (c) any substance, material, product, derivative, compound or mixture, mineral, chemical, waste, gas, medical waste orpollutant
 that would support the assertion of any claim under any Environmental Law or is the subject of regulatory action by anyGovernmental Authority under any Environmental Law, whether or not defined as hazardous as such under any Environmental Law.
“ 
Hedge Agreements ”  shall mean any interest rate swap agreement, interest rate cap agreement, interest collar agreement,interest rate hedging agreement or other similar agreement or arrangement.
“ 
Hedge Bank ”  shall mean any Person that, (a) at the time it enters into a Hedge Agreement with a Credit Party permittedunder Section 8.3B of the Participation Agreement, is
 a Lender, an Affiliate of a Lender, the Agent or an Affiliate of the Agent or (b)at
 the time it (or its Affiliate) becomes a Lender (including on the Closing Date), is a party to a Hedge Agreement with a CreditParty, in each case in its capacity as a party to such Hedge Agreement.
“ 
Hedge Termination Value ”  shall mean, in respect of any one or more Hedge Agreements, after taking into account theeffect
 of any legally enforceable netting agreement relating to such Hedge Agreements, (a) for any date on or after the date suchHedge
 Agreements have been closed out and termination value(s) determined in accordance therewith, such termination value(s),and
 (b) for any date prior to the date referenced in clause (a), the amount(s) determined as the mark-to-market value(s) for suchHedge
 Agreements,  as  determined  based  upon  one  or  more  mid-market  or  other  readily  available  quotations  provided  by  anyrecognized dealer in such Hedge Agreements (which may include a Lender or any Affiliate of a Lender).
Appendix A - 26
“ Impositions ”  shall mean any and all liabilities, losses, expenses, costs, charges and Liens of any kind whatsoever for fees,taxes,
 levies,  imposts,  duties,  charges,  assessments  or  withholdings  (“ Taxes ”)  including  but  not  limited  to  (i)  real  and  personalproperty
 taxes,  including  personal  property  taxes  on  any  property  covered  by  the  Lease  that  is  classified  by  GovernmentalAuthorities
 as personal property, and real estate or ad valorem taxes in the nature of property taxes; (ii) sales taxes, use taxes andother
 similar taxes (including rent taxes and intangibles taxes); (iii) excise taxes; (iv) real estate transfer taxes, conveyance taxes,stamp
 taxes  and  documentary  recording  taxes  and  fees;  (v)  taxes  that  are  or are  in the  nature  of  franchise,  income,  value  added,privilege
 and  doing  business  taxes,  license  and  registration  fees;  (vi)  assessments  on  the  Property,  including  all  assessments  forpublic
 Improvements or benefits, whether or not such improvements are commenced or completed within the Term; and (vii) taxes,Liens,
 assessments  or  charges  asserted,  imposed  or  assessed  by  the  PBGC  or  any  governmental  authority  succeeding  to  orperforming
 functions similar to, the PBGC; and in each case all interest, additions to tax and penalties thereon, which at any timeprior
 to, during or with respect to the Term or in respect of any period for which the Lessee shall be obligated to pay SupplementalRent, may be levied, assessed or imposed by any
 Governmental Authority upon or with respect to (a) the Property or any part thereofor
 interest  therein;  (b)  the  leasing,  financing,  refinancing,  demolition,  construction,  substitution,  subleasing,  assignment,  control,condition,
 occupancy,  servicing,  maintenance,  repair,  ownership,  possession,  activity  conducted  on,  delivery,  insuring,  use,operation, improvement, sale, transfer of title, return or other disposition of the Property or any part thereof or interest therein; (c) the
Notes, other
 indebtedness with respect to the Property, or the Lessor Advances, or any part thereof or interest therein; (d) the rentals,receipts
 or earnings arising from the Property or any part thereof or interest therein; (e) the Operative Agreements, the performancethereof,
 or any payment made or accrued pursuant thereto; (f) the income or other proceeds received with respect to the Property orany part thereof or interest therein upon the sale or disposition thereof; (g) any contract (including the Agency Agreement) relating to
the
 construction, acquisition or delivery of the Improvements or any part thereof or interest therein; (h) the issuance of the Notes orthe
 obtaining  of  Lessor  Advances;  (i)  the  Lessor  or  the  Trust  Property;  or  (j)  otherwise  in  connection  with  the  transactionscontemplated by the Operative Agreements.
“ 
Improvements ”  shall mean, with respect to the Land, all buildings, structures, Fixtures, and other improvements of everykind
 (in each case constructed or acquired with proceeds from the Advances) thereon existing at any time and from time to time,together
 with any and all appurtenances to such buildings, structures or improvements, including sidewalks, utility pipes, conduitsand
 lines, parking areas and roadways, and including all Modifications and other additions to or changes in the Improvements at anytime,
 including (a) any Improvements  existing on the Land as of the Closing Date and (b) any Improvements  made on the Landsubsequent to the Closing Date, excluding the improvements subject to the Remainder Property Ground Lease.
“ 
Indebtedness ”  of  any  Person  shall  mean,  without  duplication,  (a)  all  obligations  of  such  Person  for  borrowed  money,  (b)  allobligations
 of such Person evidenced by bonds, debentures, notes or similar instruments, (c) all obligations of such Person under conditionalsale
 or  other  title  retention  agreements  relating  to  property  acquired  by  such  Person,  (d)  all  obligations  of  such  Person  in  respect  of  thedeferred
 purchase  price  of  property  or  services  (excluding  current  accounts  payable  incurred  in  the  ordinary  course  of  business),  (e)  allIndebtedness
 of others secured by (or for which the holder of such Indebtedness has an existing right, contingent or otherwise, to be securedby) any Lien on property owned or acquired by such
Appendix A - 27
Person,  whether  or  not  the  Indebtedness  secured  thereby  has  been  assumed  (but  if  such  Indebtedness  has  not  been  assumed  by  and  isotherwise
 non-recourse to such Person, only to the extent of the lesser of the fair market value of the property subject to such Lien and theamount
 of such Indebtedness), (f) all Guarantees by such Person of Indebtedness of others, (g) all Capital Lease Obligations of such Person,(h)
 all obligations, contingent or otherwise, of such Person as an account party in respect of letters of credit and letters of guaranty, and (i) allobligations,
 contingent or otherwise, of such Person in respect of bankers’ acceptances. The Indebtedness of any Person shall include theIndebtedness
 of any other entity (including any partnership in which such Person is a general partner) to the extent such Person is liabletherefor
 as  a  result  of  such  Person’s  ownership  interest  in  or  other  relationship  with  such  entity,  except  to  the  extent  the  terms  of  suchIndebtedness provide that such Person is not liable therefor.
“ 
Indemnified Person ” shall mean without  duplication each Financing Party and its Affiliates and their respective successors,assigns, directors, shareholders, members, managers, partners, officers, employees and agents.
“ 
Indemnity Provider ” shall mean NVIDIA Land Development, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. “ 
Insolvency Event ”  shall mean one or more of (a) the liquidation or dissolution of the Construction Agent or the Lessee, orthe
 suspension of the business of the Construction Agent or the Lessee, or the filing by the Construction Agent or the Lessee of avoluntary
 petition  or  an  answer  seeking  reorganization,  arrangement,  readjustment  of  its  debts  or  for  any  other  relief  under  theBankruptcy
 Code or under any other insolvency act or law, state or federal, now or hereafter existing, or any other action of theConstruction
 Agent  or  the  Lessee  indicating  its  consent  to,  approval  of  or  acquiescence  in,  any  such  petition  or  proceeding;  theapplication
 by the Construction Agent or the Lessee for, or the appointment by, consent or acquiescence of the Construction Agentor
 the  Lessee  of  a  receiver,  a  trustee  or  a  custodian  of  the  Construction  Agent  or  the  Lessee  for  all  or  a  substantial  part  of  itsproperty;
 the making by the Construction  Agent or the Lessee of any assignment  for the benefit  of creditors;  the inability  of theConstruction
 Agent or the Lessee, or the admission by the Construction Agent or the Lessee in writing of its inability, to pay itsdebts
 as they mature; or the Construction Agent or the Lessee taking any corporate action to authorize any of the foregoing; (b) thefiling
 of an involuntary petition against the Construction Agent or the Lessee in bankruptcy or seeking reorganization, arrangement,readjustment
 of its debts or for any other relief under the Bankruptcy Code, as amended, or under any other insolvency act or law,state
 or federal, now or hereafter existing; or the involuntary appointment of a receiver, a trustee or a custodian of the ConstructionAgent
 or  the  Lessee  for  all  or  a  substantial  part  of  its  property;  or  the  issuance  of  a  warrant  of  attachment,  execution  or  similarprocess
 against any substantial  part of the property of the Construction  Agent or the Lessee, and the continuance  of any of suchevents for
 ninety (90) days undismissed or undischarged; (c) the adjudication of the Construction Agent or the Lessee as bankrupt orinsolvent
 or the occurrence of a Deemed Insolvency with respect to the Construction Agent or the Lessee; (d) the entering of anyorder
 in any proceedings against the Construction Agent or the Lessee or any Subsidiary of the foregoing decreeing the dissolution,divestiture
 or split‑ up of the Construction Agent or the Lessee or any Subsidiary of the Construction Agent or the Lessee, and suchorder
 remains  in  effect  for  more  than  sixty  (60)  days;  (e)  the  occurrence  of  any  Agency  Agreement  Event  of  Default  underSection
 5.1(c) of the Agency Agreement, to the extent such Agency Agreement Event of Default is attributable to a Lease Event ofDefault under Section 17.1
Appendix A - 28
(h) or (i) of the Lease; or (f) the occurrence of any Lease Event of Default under Section 17.1(h) or (i) of the Lease.“ 
Inspection Consultant ” shall mean CBRE Inc., a Delaware corporation, d/b/a Inspection & Valuation International. “ 
Insurance and  Condemnation  Event ”  shall  mean  the  receipt  by  any  Credit  Party  or  any  of  its  Subsidiaries  of  any  cashinsurance
 proceeds or condemnation award payable by reason of theft, loss, physical destruction or damage, taking or similar eventwith respect to any of their respective properties.
“ 
Insurance  Requirements ”  shall  mean  all  terms  and  conditions  of  any  insurance  policy  required  by  the  Lease  to  bemaintained
 by the Lessee or required by the Agency Agreement to be maintained by the Construction Agent, all requirements of theissuer
 of any such policy and from and after the Completion Date, regarding self‑ insurance, any other insurance requirements of theLessee.
“ 
Interest ”  shall mean, for each Loan for any Accrual Period, the sum of the products (for each day during such AccrualPeriod) of:
IR x LB x 1
D
where:
LB = the outstanding balance of such Loan;
IR = the Interest Rate applicable on such day; and
D = 360 or, to the extent the Interest Rate is based on the Base Rate, 365 (or 366, as applicable)
provided 
, however ,  that (i) no provision of any Operative Agreement shall require the payment or permit the collection of Interestin
 excess of the maximum permitted by Applicable Law and (ii)  Interest shall not be considered paid by any distribution if at anytime such distribution is rescinded or must otherwise be returned for any reason.
“ 
Interest Period ” shall mean the Accrual Period. “ 
Interest  Rate ”  shall  mean  with  respect  to  Loans  the  LIBOR  Rate  plus  the  Applicable  Percentage  with  respect  to  suchLoans; 
provided , however ,  (a) in the event the Agent is unable to determine such LIBOR Rate, the outstanding Loans shall bearinterest
 at the ABR applicable from time to time from and after the dates and during the periods specified in Section 2.8(b) of theapplicable
 Loan Agreement, and (b) upon the delivery by the Lender of the notice described in Section 11.3(d) of the ParticipationAgreement, the Loans of such Lender shall bear interest at the
Appendix A - 29
ABR applicable from time to time after the dates and during the periods specified in Section 11.3(d) of the Participation Agreement.“ 
Investment  Company  Act ”  shall  mean  the  Investment  Company  Act  of  1940,  as  amended,  together  with  the  rules  andregulations promulgated thereunder.
“ 
Investment ”  shall  mean  the  purchase,  ownership,  investment  in  or  other  acquisition  (in  one  transaction  or  a  series  oftransactions), directly or indirectly, in any Equity Interests, interests in any partnership or joint venture (including, without limitation,
the
 creation  or  capitalization  of  any  Subsidiary),  evidence  of  Indebtedness  or  other  obligation  or  security,  substantially  all  or  aportion
 of  the  business  or  assets  of  any  other  Person  or  any  other  investment  or  interest  whatsoever  in  any  other  Person,  or  themaking or
 permitting to exist, directly or indirectly, of any loans, advances or extensions of credit to, or any investment in cash or bydelivery of property in, any Person.
“ 
Land ” shall mean that parcel of real property described on Exhibit A to the Ground Lease. “ 
Land Cost ” shall have the meaning given to such term in Section 5.4 of the Agency Agreement. “ 
Law ”  shall  mean  any  law  (including  common  law),  constitution,  statute,  treaty,  regulation,  rule,  ordinance,  opinion,release,
 ruling, order, injunction, writ, decree, bond, judgment, authorization or approval, lien or award of or settlement agreementwith any Official Body.
“ 
Lease ”  or  “ Lease  Agreement ”  the  Real  Property  Lease  Agreement  dated  on  or  about  the  Closing  Date,  between  theLessor and the Lessee.
“ 
Lease Default ”  shall mean any event or condition which, with the lapse of time or the giving of notice, or both, wouldconstitute a Lease Event of Default.
“ 
Lease Event of Default ” shall have the meaning given to such term in Section 17.1 of the Lease. “ 
Legal Requirements ”  shall mean all foreign, federal, state, county, municipal and other governmental statutes, laws, rules,orders,
 regulations, ordinances, judgments, decrees and injunctions affecting the Lessor, any Credit Party, the Agent, the MortgageLenders,
 the  Credit  Lenders  or  the  Property,  Land,  Improvements,  Equipment  or  the  taxation,  demolition,  construction,  use  oralteration
 of such Improvements, whether now or hereafter enacted and in force, including any that require repairs, modifications oralterations
 in or to the Property or in any way limit the use and enjoyment thereof (including all building, zoning and fire codes andthe
 Americans  with  Disabilities  Act  of  1990,  42  U.S.C.  §  12101  et.  seq.,  and  any  other  similar  federal,  state  or  local  laws  orordinances
 and  the  regulations  promulgated  thereunder)  and  any  that  may  relate  to  environmental  requirements  (including  allEnvironmental
 Laws), and all permits, Credit Notes of occupancy, licenses, authorizations and regulations relating thereto, and allcovenants,
 agreements,  restrictions  and  encumbrances  contained  in  any  instruments  which  are  either  of  record  or  known  to  anyCredit Party affecting the Property or the Appurtenant Rights.
Appendix A - 30
“ Lender ” shall mean each Credit Lender and each Mortgage Lender. “ 
Lender Financing Statements ”  shall mean UCC financing statements and fixture filings appropriately completed for filingin
 the applicable jurisdiction in order to procure a security interest against the Lessor, as debtor, in favor of the Agent, as securedparty, in the Collateral subject to the Security Documents.
“ 
Lessee ” shall have the meaning given to such term in the Lease. “ 
Lessor ” shall mean Wachovia Service Corporation, a Delaware corporation. “ 
Lessor Advance ” shall mean, as the context may require, (a)    any single advance made by the Lessor pursuant to the terms of the Participation Agreement or
(b)
    the aggregate amount of all advances made by the Lessor pursuant to the terms of the Participation Agreement(i) as reduced from time to time by (A) the Accelerated Rent Amount pursuant to Section 5.11 of the Participation Agreement
or
 (B) any prepayment of such advances pursuant to Section 5A.4 of the Participation Agreement or otherwise in accordancewith
 the Operative Agreements and (ii) as increased from time to time by the accretion of the Cumulative Lessor Basic RentAdjustment pursuant to Section 5.11 of the Participation Agreement.
“ 
Lessor  Basic  Rent ”  shall  mean  the  scheduled  Lessor  Yield  due  on  the  Lessor  Advances  (as  Lessor  Advances  may  beadjusted
 from  time  to  time  by  the  Cumulative  Lessor  Basic  Rent  Adjustment)  on  any  Scheduled  Interest  Payment  Date  (but  notincluding interest on overdue amounts).
“ 
Lessor Basic Rent Adjustment ” shall have the meaning given to such term in Section 5.11 of the Participation Agreement. “ 
Lessor  Commitment ”  shall  mean  the  Lessor  Commitment  of  the  Lessor  as  set  forth  in Schedule  I to  the  ParticipationAgreement as such 
Schedule I may be amended and replaced from time to time. “ 
Lessor  Confirmation  Letter ”  shall  mean  the  confirmation  letter  issued  by  the  Lessor  from  time  to  time  to  the  Lesseepursuant
 to Section 8.2(d) of the Participation Agreement, in a form substantially similar to the form of confirmation letter providedto the Lessee on or prior to the Closing Date.
“ 
Lessor Financing Statements ”  shall mean UCC financing statements and fixture filings appropriately completed for filingin
 the applicable  jurisdictions  in order to procure a security interest in the Property against the Lessee, as debtor, in favor of theLessor, as
 secured party, and thereafter assigned to the Agent, respecting the Lease to the extent the Lease is a security agreement ora mortgage.
Appendix A - 31
“ Lessor Lien ”  shall mean any Lien, lease or disposition of title in respect of the Property or any other Collateral arising as aresult
 of  (a)  any  claim  against  the  Lessor  or  any  Affiliate  of  the  Lessor  not  resulting  from  the  transactions  contemplated  by  theOperative
 Agreements, (b) any act or omission of the Lessor or any Affiliate of the Lessor which is not required by the OperativeAgreements
 or is in violation of any of the terms of the Operative Agreements, (c) any claim against the Lessor or any Affiliate ofthe
 Lessor with respect to Taxes or Transaction Expenses against which the Lessee is not required to indemnify the Lessor pursuantto
 Section 11 of the Participation Agreement or (d) any claim against the Lessor or any Affiliate of the Lessor arising out of anytransfer
 by the Lessor of all or any portion of the interest of the Lessor in the Property or the Operative Agreements other than thetransfer
 of  title  to  or  possession  of  the  Property  by  the  Lessor  pursuant  to  and  in  accordance  with  the  Operative  Agreements,including pursuant to the exercise of the remedies set forth in Article XVII of the Lease.
“ 
Lessor Overdue Rate ”  shall mean the lesser of (a) the then current rate of Lessor Yield respecting the particular amount inquestion plus two percent (2%) and (b) the highest rate permitted by Applicable Law.
“ 
Lessor Property Cost ” shall mean an amount equal to the outstanding Lessor Advances with respect to the Property. “ 
Lessor Unused Fee ” shall have the meaning given to such term in Section 7.4 of the Participation Agreement. “ 
Lessor Upfront Fee ” shall have the meaning given to such term in Section 7.5 of the Participation Agreement. “ 
Lessor Yield ”  shall mean with respect to Lessor Advances the LIBOR Rate plus the Applicable Percentage; provided , however 
,  (a) in the event the Agent is unable to determine such LIBOR Rate as provided in Section 5A.5(c) of the ParticipationAgreement, the
 outstanding Lessor Advances shall bear a yield at the ABR applicable from time to time from and after the dates andduring
 the periods specified in Section 5A.5(c) of the Participation Agreement, and (b) upon the delivery by the Lessor of the noticedescribed
 in  Section  11.3(d)  of  the  Participation  Agreement,  the  Lessor  Advances  of  the  Lessor  shall  bear  a  yield  at  the  ABRapplicable from time to time after the dates and during the periods specified in Section 11.3(d) of the Participation Agreement.
“ 
Leverage Ratio ”  shall mean, as of any date of determination, the ratio of (a) Consolidated Total Indebtedness on such dateto (b) Consolidated EBITDA for the period of four (4) consecutive fiscal quarters ending on or immediately prior to such date.
“ 
LIBOR ”  shall mean, for any day during any Accrual Period and any Eurodollar Loan or Eurodollar Lessor Advance, aninterest rate per annum equal to:
(a)    for any interest rate or yield calculation with respect to a Eurodollar Loan or Eurodollar Lessor Advance, the rate
of
 interest or yield, as applicable, per annum determined on the basis of the rate for deposits in Dollars for a period equal tothe applicable Accrual Period which appears on the applicable Reuters screen (or such other commercially available
Appendix A - 32
source providing such quotations as may be designated by the Agent from time to time) at approximately 11:00 a.m. (Londontime)
 two  (2)  Business  Days  prior  to  the  first  day  of the  applicable  Accrual  Period  (rounded  upward,  if necessary,  to thenearest
 1/100th  of  1%).  If,  for  any  reason,  such  rate  does  not  appear  on  the  applicable  Reuters  screen  (or  such  othercommercially
 available  source  as  referenced  above),  then  “LIBOR  Rate”  shall  be  determined  by  the  Agent  to  be  thearithmetic
 average of the rate per annum at which deposits in Dollars in minimum amounts of at least $5,000,000 would beoffered
 by first class banks in the London interbank market to the Agent at approximately 11:00 a.m. (London time) two (2)Business
 Days prior to the first day of the applicable Accrual Period for a period equal to such Accrual Period; provided , notwithstanding
 the foregoing, if any such interest rate for any Accrual Period determined as provided above would be lessthan 0.0% per annum, then such interest rate for such Accrual Period shall be deemed to be 0.0% per annum.
(b)
    for  any  interest  rate  or yield  calculation  with  respect  to  an ABR  Loan  or  ABR  Lessor  Advance,  the  rate  ofinterest
 or yield, as applicable, per annum determined on the basis of the rate for deposits in Dollars in minimum amounts ofat
 least $5,000,000 for a period equal to one month (commencing on the date of determination of such interest rate) whichappears
 on the applicable Reuters screen (or such other commercially available source providing such quotations as may bedesignated
 by the Agent from time to time) at approximately 11:00 a.m. (London time) on such date of determination, or, ifsuch
 date is not a Business Day, then the immediately preceding Business Day (rounded upward, if necessary, to the nearest1/100th
 of 1%). If, for any reason, such rate does not appear on the applicable Reuters screen (or such other commerciallyavailable
 source as referenced above), then “LIBOR Rate” for such ABR Loan or ABR Lessor Advance shall be determinedby
 the Agent to be the arithmetic average of the rate per annum at which deposits in Dollars in minimum amounts of at least$5,000,000
 would be offered by first class banks in the London interbank market to the Agent at approximately 11:00 a.m.(London
 time) on such date of determination for a period equal to one month commencing on such date of determination;provided 
,  notwithstanding  the  foregoing,  if  any  such  interest  rate  for  any  applicable  time  period  determined  as  providedabove
 would  be  less  than  0.0%  per  annum,  then  such  interest  rate  for  such  time  period  shall  be  deemed  to  be  0.0%  perannum.
“ 
LIBOR Rate ” shall mean a rate per annum determined by the Agent pursuant to the following formula: LIBOR Rate =
LIBOR1.00 - Eurodollar Reserve Percentage
“ 
Lien ”  shall mean, with respect to any asset, (a) any mortgage, deed of trust, lien, pledge, hypothecation, encumbrance,charge
 or security interest in, on or of such asset and (b) the interest of a vendor or a lessor under any conditional sale agreement,capital
 lease  or  title  retention  agreement  (or  any  financing  lease  having  substantially  the  same  economic  effect  as  any  of  theforegoing but excluding any operating leases) relating to such asset.
Appendix A - 33
“ Limited  Recourse  Amount ”  shall  mean  in  the  case  of  the  Lease,  an  amount  equal  to  the  Termination  Value  less  theMaximum Residual Guarantee Amount.
“ 
Limited Recourse Event of Default ” shall have the meaning given to such term in Section 17.12 of the Lease. “ 
Liquidity ” shall mean unrestricted cash and Cash Equivalents of the Parent and its Subsidiaries. “ 
Loan Agreement ” shall mean the Mortgage Loan Agreement or the Credit Loan Agreement, as applicable. “ 
Loans ” shall mean the Mortgage Loans and the Credit Loans. “ 
Majority Credit Lenders ”  shall mean at any time, Credit Lenders (other than any Defaulting Credit Lender) whose CreditLoans
 outstanding represent at least fifty-one percent (51%) of (a) the aggregate Credit Loans outstanding or (b) to the extent thereare no Credit Loans outstanding, the aggregate of the Credit Loan Commitments.
“ 
Majority  Lenders ”  shall  mean  at  any  time  the  Mortgage  Lenders  (other  than  any  Defaulting  Mortgage  Lender)  whoseMortgage Loans and
 the Credit Lenders (other than any Defaulting Credit Lender) whose Credit Loans outstanding represent at leastfifty-one
 percent (51%) of (a) the aggregate Loans outstanding or (b) to the extent there are no Loans outstanding, the sum of theaggregate Mortgage Loan Commitments plus the aggregate Credit Loan Commitments.
“ 
Majority  Mortgage  Lenders ”  shall  mean  at  any  time,  Mortgage  Lenders  (other  than  any  Defaulting  Mortgage  Lender)whose
 Mortgage Loans outstanding represent at least fifty-one percent (51%) of (a) the aggregate Mortgage Loans outstanding or(b) to the extent there are no Mortgage Loans outstanding, the aggregate of the Mortgage Loan Commitments.
“ 
Majority  Secured  Parties ”  shall  mean  at  any  time  the  Financing  Parties  (other  than  any  Defaulting  Lender)  whoseMortgage
 Loans, Credit Loans and/or Lessor Advances outstanding represent at least fifty-one percent (51%) of (a) the aggregateAdvances outstanding or
 (b) to the extent there are no Advances outstanding, the sum of the aggregate Lessor Commitment, plus theaggregate Credit Loan Commitments plus the aggregate Mortgage Loan Commitments.
“ 
Marketing Period ”  shall mean, if the Lessee has given a Sale Notice in accordance with Section 20.1 of the Lease, theperiod commencing on the date such Sale Notice is given and ending on the Expiration Date.
“ 
Material  Adverse  Effect ”  shall  mean  (a)  a  material  adverse  effect  on  (i)  the  business,  assets,  operations  or  financialcondition
 of the Credit Parties and their Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, (ii) the ability of the Credit Parties to perform any of theirmaterial
 obligations under the Operative Agreements, or (iii) the rights and remedies available to the Lenders and the Lessor underthe
 Operative Agreements; (b) an impairment of the validity, binding effect or enforceability of any Lien on the Property created byany of the Operative Agreements; or (c) an impairment of the value,
Appendix A - 34
utility or useful life of the Property, which has caused or could reasonably be expected to cause a diminution of the fair market valueof
 the Property of ten percent (10%) or more from the then‑ current fair market value of the Property, or the use, or ability of theLessee to use, the Property for the purpose for which it was intended.
“ 
Material Contract ”  shall mean any contract or agreement, written or oral, of any Credit Party or any of its Subsidiaries thathas been disclosed in public filings with the SEC.
“ 
Material Domestic Subsidiary ”  shall mean any Subsidiary, direct or indirect, of the Parent organized under the laws of anypolitical
 subdivision of the United States that (a) directly or indirectly owns any other Material Domestic Subsidiary and (b) otherthan
 as described in subsection (a), any other such Subsidiary, direct or indirect, of the Parent (i) the revenues of which for the mostrecent
 period  of  four  fiscal  quarters  of  the  Parent  were  greater  than  1%  of  the  revenues  for  the  Parent  and  its  consolidatedSubsidiaries
 for such period of four fiscal quarters or (ii) the book value of assets of which as of the end of any fiscal quarter for theParent
 were greater than 1% of the book value of the assets for the Parent and its consolidated Subsidiaries as of such date; provided ,
 that if at any time (x) the aggregate amount of the revenues of all such Subsidiaries that are not Material Domestic Subsidiariesexceeds
 5% of the revenues for the Parent and its consolidated Subsidiaries for the most recent period of four fiscal quarters of theParent
 or (y) the aggregate book value of the assets of all such Subsidiaries that are not Material Domestic Subsidiaries exceeds 5%of
 the book value of the assets for the Parent and its consolidated Subsidiaries as of the end of any fiscal quarter for the Parent, then,in
 either  such  case,  each  such  Subsidiary  as  designated  by  the  Parent  so  that  aggregate  thresholds  described  in  the  foregoingsubsections (x) and (y) are not exceeded.
“ 
Material Indebtedness ”  shall mean Indebtedness of the Parent and/or any of its Subsidiaries in excess of the ThresholdAmount.
“ 
Maturity Date ” shall mean the Expiration Date. “ 
Maximum  Residual  Guarantee  Amount ”  shall  mean  an  amount  equal  to  the  product  of  the  GAAP  Project  Cost  timeseighty-seven and one half percent (87.5%).
“ 
Modifications ” shall have the meaning given to such term in Section 11.1 of the Lease. “ 
Monthly Notice Date ”  shall mean the tenth (10th) day of each calendar month unless such is not a Business Day and insuch case on the next preceding Business Day.
“ 
Moody’s ” shall mean Moody’s Investors Services, Inc., and any successor thereto. “ 
Mortgage Instrument ”  shall mean that certain Leasehold Deed of Trust, Security Agreement, Assignment of Leases andRents
 and Fixture Filing executed by the Lessor and the Lessee in favor of the Agent (for the benefit of the Secured Parties) andevidencing a Lien on the Property, in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Agent.
“ 
Mortgage  Lender ”  shall  mean  each  bank  or  other  financial  institution  which  is  from  time  to  time  party  to  any  of  theOperative Agreements in its capacity as a “Mortgage Lender”.
Appendix A - 35
“ Mortgage  Lender  Overdue  Rate ”  shall  have  the  meaning  given  to  such  term  in  Section  2.8(c)  of  the  Mortgage  LoanAgreement.
“ 
Mortgage Lender Unused Fee ” shall have the meaning given to such term in Section 7.4 of the Participation Agreement. “ 
Mortgage Lender Upfront Fee ” shall have the meaning given to such term in Section 7.5 of the Participation Agreement. “ 
Mortgage Loan Agreement ”  shall mean the Credit Agreement (Mortgage Loans) dated as of the Closing Date among theLessor, the several Mortgage Lenders from time to time party thereto and the Agent.
“ 
Mortgage  Loan  Basic  Rent ”  shall  mean  the  scheduled  interest  due  on  the  Mortgage  Loans  on  any  Scheduled  InterestPayment Date (but not including interest on overdue amounts).
“ 
Mortgage Loan Commitments ”  shall mean the obligation of the Mortgage Lenders to make the Mortgage Loans to theLessor
 in an aggregate principal amount at any one time outstanding not to exceed the aggregate of the amounts set forth oppositeeach Mortgage Lender’s name
 on Schedule 2.1 to the  Mortgage Loan Agreement, as such amount may be increased or reduced fromtime
 to time in accordance with the provisions of the Operative Agreements; provided ,  no Mortgage Lender shall be obligated tomake
 Mortgage Loans in excess of such Mortgage Lender’s share of the Mortgage Loan Commitments as set forth adjacent to suchMortgage Lender’s name on 
Schedule 2.1 to the Mortgage Loan Agreement. “ 
Mortgage  Loan  Default ”  shall  mean  any  event,  act  or  condition  which  with  notice  or  lapse  of  time,  or  both,  wouldconstitute a Mortgage Loan Event of Default.
“ 
Mortgage  Loan  Event  of  Default ”  shall  have  the  meaning  given  to  such  term  in  Section  6  of  the  Mortgage  LoanAgreement.
“ 
Mortgage Loan Property Cost ”  shall mean, with respect to the Property at any date of determination, an amount equal to(a)
 the  aggregate  principal  amount  of  all  Mortgage  Loans  made  on  or  prior  to  such  date minus (b)  the  aggregate  amount  ofprepayments
 or repayments as the case may be of the Mortgage Loans allocated to reduce the Mortgage Loan Property Cost of theProperty
 pursuant  to  Section  2.6(c)  of  the  Mortgage  Loan  Agreement  and,  subject  to  Sections  11.2(e),  11.3  and  11.4  of  theParticipation
 Agreement  and  the  payment  of  all  amounts  due  and  owing  pursuant  thereto,  pursuant  to  Section  5.22  of  theParticipation Agreement.
“ 
Mortgage Loans ” shall mean the loans made by the Mortgage Lenders pursuant to the Mortgage Loan Agreement. “ 
Mortgage Note ” shall have the meaning given to such term in Section 2.2 of the Mortgage Loan Agreement. Appendix A - 36
“ Multiemployer Plan ”  shall mean a “multiemployer plan” as defined in Section 4001(a)(3) of ERISA to which any CreditParty
 or any ERISA Affiliate is making, or is accruing an obligation to make, or has accrued an obligation to make contributionswithin the preceding seven (7) years.
“ 
Non‑Consenting Lender ” shall mean any  Lender that does not approve any proposed termination, amendment, supplement,waiver, modification or consent
 with respect to any Operative Agreement that (a) requires the approval of all Lenders, or all affectedLenders,
 in  accordance  with  the  terms  of  Section  12.4  and  (b)  has  been  approved  by  the  Majority  Credit  Lenders,  the  MajorityMortgage Lenders, the Majority Lenders or the Majority Secured Parties, as applicable.
“ 
Non‑Defaulting Credit Lender ”  shall mean, at any time, each Credit Lender that is not a Defaulting Credit Lender at suchtime.
“ 
Non‑Defaulting  Mortgage  Lender ”  shall  mean,  at  any  time,  each  Mortgage  Lender  that  is  not  a  Defaulting  MortgageLender at such time.
“ 
Notes ” shall mean the Mortgage Notes and the Credit Notes. “ 
Obligations ”  shall  mean  the  collective  reference  to  all  obligations  (including  without  limitation  all  payment  andperformance
 obligations),  now  existing  or  hereafter  arising,  owing  by  the  Lessor  and/or  the  Credit  Parties,  as  applicable,  to  theSecured
 Parties under or pursuant to the Operative Agreements and Secured Hedge Agreements, whether direct or indirect, absoluteor
 contingent, due or to become due, now existing or hereafter incurred, which may arise under, out of, or in connection with theParticipation
 Agreement, the Lease, the Agency Agreement, the Credit Loan Agreement, the Mortgage Loan Agreement, the Notes,any
 of  the  other  Operative  Agreements  or  the  Secured  Hedge  Agreements,  whether  on  account  of  principal,  advanced  amounts,interest,
 yield, reimbursement obligations, fees, indemnities, costs, expenses, termination payments or otherwise (including withoutlimitation
 all reasonable fees and disbursements of counsel to any of the Secured Parties) that are required to be paid by the Lessor,the
 Lessee and/or the Construction Agent, as applicable, pursuant to the terms of the Operative Agreements or the Secured HedgeAgreements for any purpose, including in connection with the exercise of remedies.
“ 
Officer’s  Certificate ”  with  respect  to  any  Person  shall  mean  a  certificate  executed  on  behalf  of  such  Person  by  aResponsible
 Officer  who  has  made  or  caused  to  be  made  such  examination  or  investigation  as  is  necessary  to  enable  suchResponsible Officer to express an informed opinion with respect to the subject matter of such Officer’s Certificate.
“ 
Official  Body ”  shall  mean  the  government  of  the  United  States  of  America  or  any  other  nation,  or  of  any  politicalsubdivision
 thereof, whether state, provincial, local or otherwise, and any agency, authority, instrumentality, regulatory body, court,central
 bank or other entity exercising executive, legislative, judicial, taxing, regulatory or administrative powers or functions of orpertaining to government (including any supra-national bodies such as the European Union or the European Central Bank).
Appendix A - 37
“ Operating Lease ”  shall mean, as to any Person as determined in accordance with GAAP, any lease of any property or asset(whether real, personal or mixed) by such Person as lessee which is not a Capital Lease Obligation.
“ 
Operative  Agreements ”  shall  mean  the  following:  the  Participation  Agreement,  the  Mortgage  Loan  Agreement,  theMortgage
 Notes,  the  Credit  Loan  Agreement,  the  Credit  Notes,  the  Agency  Agreement,  the  Engagement  Letter,  the  LessorConfirmation
 Letter, the Lease (and memoranda of the Lease in a form reasonably acceptable to the Agent), each Requisition, eachAssignment of Construction Document, the Security Documents, the Ground Lease and any and all other agreements, documents and
instruments executed in connection with any of the foregoing (excluding any Secured Hedge Agreements).
“ 
Original Executed Counterpart ” shall have the meaning given to such term in Section 5 of Exhibit A to the Lease. “ 
Other Indemnified Person ” shall have the meaning given to such term in Section 11.6(a)(i) of the Participation Agreement. “ 
Overdue Rate ” shall mean (a) with respect to the Credit Loan Basic Rent and any other amount owed under or with respect to
 the Credit Loan Agreement or the Security Documents (except as otherwise specified in the following subsection (b), (c) or (d)),the Credit Lender Overdue Rate, (b) with respec
t to the Mortgage Loan Basic Rent and any other amount owed under or with respectto
 the Mortgage Loan Agreement or the Security Documents (except as otherwise specified in the following subsection (b), (c) or(d)),
 the Mortgage Lender Overdue Rate, (c) with respect to the Lessor Basic Rent, the Lessor Yield and any other amount owed tothe
 Lessor pursuant to the Operative Agreements, the Lessor Overdue Rate, and (d) with respect to any other amount, the highestinterest
 rate(or with respect to amounts owed to the Lessor, expressed as yield) permitted by Applicable Law, in each case from thedate of such non
‑ payment until such amount is paid in full (whether after or before judgment).“ 
Overfunded Amount ” shall have the meaning given to such term in Section 5.2(c)(ii) of the Participation Agreement. “ 
Overnight Federal Funds Rate ”  shall mean for any day, the rate per annum (rounded upwards, if necessary, to the nearest1/100
 of one percent (1%)) equal to the weighted average of the rates on overnight Federal funds transactions with members of theFederal
 Reserve System arranged by Federal funds brokers on such day, as published by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York onthe
 Business Day next succeeding such day; provided ,  that (a) if such day is not a Business Day, the Overnight Federal Funds Ratefor
 such day shall be such rate on such transactions  on the next preceding  Business Day as so published  on the next succeedingBusiness
 Day, and (b) if no such rate is so published on such next succeeding Business Day, the Overnight Federal Funds Rate forsuch
 day  shall  be  the  average  rate  charged  to  Wells  Fargo  Bank,  National  Association  on  such  day  on  such  transactions  asdetermined by Wells Fargo Bank, National Association.
“ 
Parent ” shall mean NVIDIA Corporation, a Delaware corporation. Appendix A - 38
“ Participant ” shall have the meaning given to such term in Section 9.7 of the applicable Loan Agreement. “ 
Participation Agreement ”  shall mean the Participation Agreement dated on or about the Closing Date, among the Lessor,the Lessee, the Construction Agent, the Guarantors, the Mortgage Lenders, the Credit Lenders and the Agent.
“ 
Payment Date ”  shall mean (a) as to any Eurodollar Loan or Eurodollar Lessor Advance, the last day of the Accrual Periodapplicable
 to such Eurodollar Loan or Eurodollar Lessor Advance, (b) as to any ABR Loan or ABR Lessor Advance, the twentiethday
 of each month, unless such day is not a Business Day and in such case on the next occurring Business Day and (c) as to allLoans and Lessor Advances, the date
 of any voluntary or involuntary payment, prepayment, return or redemption, and the ExpirationDate.
“ 
PBGC ”  shall mean the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation established pursuant to Subtitle A of Title IV of ERISA orany successor.
“ 
Pension Plan ”  shall mean any Employee Benefit Plan, other than a Multiemployer Plan, which is subject to the provisionsof
 Title IV of ERISA or Section 412 of the Code and which (a) is maintained, funded or administered for the employees of anyCredit
 Party  or  any  ERISA  Affiliate  or  (b)  has  at  any  time  within  the  preceding  seven  (7)  years  been  maintained,  funded  oradministered for the employees of any Credit Party or any current or former ERISA Affiliates.
“ 
Permitted Encumbrances ” shall mean: (a)    Liens imposed by law for taxes that are not yet due or are being contested in compliance with Section 13.1of the Lease;
(b)
    carriers’, warehousemen’s, mechanics’, materialmen’s, repairmen’s and other like Liens imposed by law, arising in theordinary
 course of business and securing obligations that are not overdue by more than 60 days or are being contested in compliancewith Section 13.1 of the Lease;
(c)
    pledges  and  deposits  made  in  the  ordinary  course  of  business  in  compliance  with  workers’  compensation,unemployment insurance and other social security laws or regulations;
(d)
    margin deposits posted to secure obligations in respect of Hedge Agreements entered into in the ordinary course ofbusiness;
(e)
    pledges of cash and deposits to secure the performance  of bids, trade and commercial contracts (including ordinarycourse
 accounts  payable),  leases,  statutory  obligations,  appeal  bonds  and  other  obligations  of  a  like  nature,  in  each  case  in  theordinary course of business;
(f)    deposits and customary pledges securing obligations under surety and performance bonds;
Appendix A - 39
(g)    judgment liens (and pledges of cash and deposits securing surety and appeal bonds) in respect of judgments that do notconstitute a Lease Event of Default under Section 17.1(l) of the Lease;
(h)
    easements, zoning restrictions, rights-of-way and similar encumbrances on real property imposed by law or arising inthe
 ordinary  course  of  business  that  do  not  secure  any  monetary  obligations  and  do  not  materially  detract  from  the  value  of  theaffected property or interfere with the ordinary conduct of business of any Credit Party or any Subsidiary;
(i)
    Liens under ordinary course commercial contracts securing trade payables covering the goods purchased (and proceedsand products thereof), pending payment; and
(j)    landlords’ Liens under operating leases entered into in the ordinary course of business;
provided 
that the term “Permitted Encumbrances” shall not include any Lien securing Indebtedness. “ 
Permitted Facility ”  shall mean a first class office building to be constructed on the Land, it being agreed that the Agentshall be entitled to require an appraisal of the Property.
“ 
Permitted Liens ” shall mean: (a)
    the respective rights and interests of (i) the parties to the Operative Agreements as provided in the OperativeAgreements and (ii) the Hedge Banks as provided in the Operative Agreements;
(b) 
   the rights of any sublessee or assignee under a sublease or an assignment expressly permitted by the terms of theLease for no longer than the duration of the Lease;
(c)
    Liens for Taxes that either are not yet due or as to which the period of grace, if any, related thereto has notexpired or which are being contested in accordance with the provisions of Section 13.1 of the Lease;
(d)
    Liens arising by operation of law, materialmen’s, mechanics’, workmen’s, repairmen’s, employees’, carriers’,warehousemen’s
 and other like Liens relating to the construction of the Improvements (including without limitation relatingto
 labor, supplies, materials and rentals in connection therewith) or in connection with any Modifications or arising in theordinary
 course of business for amounts that (i) are not more than sixty (60) days past due, (ii) are being diligently contestedin
 good  faith  by  appropriate  proceedings,  so  long  as  such  proceedings  satisfy  the  conditions  for  the  continuation  ofproceedings to
 contest Taxes set forth in Section 13.1 of the Lease or (iii) have been bonded for not less than the full amountin
 dispute  (or  as  to  which  other  security  arrangements  satisfactory  to  the  Lessor  and  the  Agent,  in  their  commerciallyreasonable
 discretion, have been made), which bonding (or arrangements) shall comply with applicable Legal Requirementsand shall have effectively stayed any execution or enforcement of such Liens;
Appendix A - 40
(e)    Liens arising out of judgments or awards with respect to which appeals or other proceedings for review are beingprosecuted in
 good faith and for the payment of which adequate reserves have been provided to the extent required by GAAPor
 other appropriate provisions have been made, so long as such proceedings have the effect of staying the execution of suchjudgment or awards and satisfy the conditions for the continuation of proceedings to contest Taxes set forth in Section 13.1 of
the Lease;
(f)    Liens in favor of municipalities to the extent agreed to by the Lessor in its commercially reasonable discretion;
(g)
    Liens and other encumbrances that are expressly set forth as title exceptions on the title commitment issuedunder Section 5.3(g) of the Participation Agreement and accepted by the Agent;
(h)
    Liens on the Property approved by the Secured Parties and the Lessor or otherwise permitted under Section 8.5of the Participation Agreement; and
(i)    Lessor Liens.
“ 
Person ”  shall  mean  an  individual,  partnership,  corporation  (including  a  business  trust),  limited  liability company,  jointstock
 company,  trust,  unincorporated  association,  sole  proprietorship,  joint venture,  government  (or  any  agency  or  politicalsubdivision thereof) or other entity.
“ 
Plan ” shall mean any employee pension benefit plan (other than a Multiemployer Plan) subject to the provisions of Title IV of
 ERISA or Section 412 of the Code or Section 302 of ERISA, and in respect of which any Credit Party or any ERISA Affiliate is(or, if such
 plan were terminated, would under Section 4069 of ERISA be deemed to be) an “employer” as defined in Section 3(5) ofERISA.
“ 
Plans and Specifications ”  shall mean the plans and specifications for the Improvements to be constructed, as such Plansand
 Specifications may be amended, modified or supplemented from time to time in accordance with the terms of the OperativeAgreements.
“ 
Platform ” shall have the meaning given to such term in Section 8.3A(a) of the Participation Agreement. “ 
Pledge Agreement ”  shall mean the Pledge and Security Agreement dated on or about the Closing Date between the Parentand the Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties.
“ 
Prime Lending Rate ” shall mean Prime Rate. “ 
Prime Rate ” shall  mean the rate announced by Wells Fargo Bank,, National Association from time to time as its prime ratein
 the United States, such rate to change as and when such designated rate changes; provided , notwithstanding the foregoing , if any such interest rate for
 any period of time determined as provided above would be less than 0.0% per annum, then such interest rate forsuch period of time shall be deemed to be 0.0% per annum. The 
Prime Rate is not intended Appendix A - 41
to  be  the  lowest  rate  of  interest  charged  by  Wells  Fargo  Bank,  National  Association  in  connection  with  extensions  of  credit  todebtors.
“ 
Pro Forma Basis ”,  when used in reference to any computations, shall mean that such computations are to be made on abasis
 that  gives  effect  to  the  applicable  acquisition  or  disposition  as  if  such  acquisition  or  disposition  had  occurred  on  the  datespecified,
 in a manner consistent with the requirements  of the SEC for pro forma financial information set forth in Article 11 ofRegulation S-X under the Exchange Act.
“ 
Pro Rata Share ” shall mean with respect to (a) a Credit Lender, a percentage equal to such Credit Lender’s pro rata share of the
 aggregate Credit Loan Commitments, in each case, as set forth next to such Credit Lender’s name on Schedule  2.1 of  the CreditLoan
 Agreement or on any assignment pursuant to which such Credit Lender becomes a party hereto and (b) a Mortgage Lender, apercentage
 equal to such Mortgage Lender’s pro rata share of the aggregate Mortgage Loan Commitments, in each case, as set forthnext
 to such Mortgage Lender’s name on Schedule  2.1 of  the Mortgage Loan Agreement or on any assignment pursuant to whichsuch Mortgage Lender becomes a party hereto.
“ 
Property ”  shall mean the Land and each item of Equipment and the various Improvements located on the Land, excludingthe property subject to the Remainder Property Ground Lease.
“ 
Property Acquisition Cost ”  shall mean the cost to the Lessor to ground lease the Land on the Closing  Date (includingTransaction Expenses).
“ 
Property Cost ”  shall mean (a) the aggregate amount of the Mortgage Loan Property Cost plus the Credit Loan PropertyCost
 plus the Lessor Property Cost (in each case, as such amounts shall be increased pro rata according to the Property Cost of theProperty respecting the Mortgage
 Loans, the Credit Loans and the Lessor Advances, in each case advanced or extended from time totime
 including  to  pay  for  the  Transaction  Expenses  and  any  Uninsured  Force  Majeure  Losses)  and  (b)  respecting  the  variousamounts described in the foregoing subsection (a), all the occurrences and items giving rise to all such amounts.
“ 
Punchlist Advance ” shall have the meaning given to such term in Section 5.22 of the Participation Agreement. “ 
Punchlist Deadline ” shall have the meaning given to such term in Section 5.22 of the Participation Agreement. “ 
Purchase Option ” shall have the meaning given to such term in Section 20.1 of the Lease. “ 
Purchasing Credit Lender ” shall have the meaning given to such term in Section 9.8(a) of the Credit Loan Agreement. “ 
Purchasing  Mortgage  Lender ”  shall  have  the  meaning  given  to  such  term  in  Section  9.8(a)  of  the  Mortgage  LoanAgreement.
Appendix A - 42
“ Qualified ECP Guarantor ”  shall mean, in respect of any Swap Obligation, each Credit Party that has total assets exceeding$10,000,000
 at the time the relevant guarantee or grant of the relevant security interest becomes effective with respect to such SwapObligation
 or  such  other  Person  as  constitutes  an  “eligible  contract  participant”  under  the  Commodity  Exchange  Act  or  anyregulations
 promulgated  thereunder  and  can  cause  another  Person  to qualify  as an  “eligible  contract  participant”  at  such  time  byentering into a keepwell under Section 1a(18)(A)(v)(II) of the Commodity Exchange Act.
“ 
Qualified Equity Interests ” shall mean any Equity Interests that are not Disqualified Equity Interests. “ 
Real Property ” shall mean the Property. “ 
Real Property Lease ” or “ Real Property Lease Agreement ” shall mean the Lease. “ 
Register ” shall have the meaning given to such term in Section 9.9 of the applicable Loan Agreement. “ 
Regulated Substances ”  shall mean, without limitation, any substance, material or waste, regardless of its form or nature,defined
 under  Environmental  Laws  as  a  “hazardous  substance,”  “pollutant,”  “pollution,”  “contaminant,”  “hazardous  or  toxicsubstance,”
 “extremely  hazardous  substance,”  “toxic  chemical,”  “toxic  substance,”  “toxic  waste,”  “hazardous  waste,”  “specialhandling
 waste,”  “industrial  waste,”  “residual  waste,”  “solid  waste,”  “municipal  waste,”  “mixed  waste,”  “infectious  waste,”“chemotherapeutic
 waste,”  “medical  waste,”  “pesticide”  or  “regulated  substance”  or  any  other  substance,  material  or  waste,regardless
 of its form or nature, which is regulated, controlled or governed by Environmental Laws due to its radioactive, ignitable,corrosive,
 reactive,  explosive,  toxic,  carcinogenic  or  infectious  properties  or  nature  or  any  other  material,  substance  or  waste,regardless
 of its form or nature, which otherwise is regulated, controlled or governed by Environmental Laws, including petroleumand
 petroleum products (including crude oil and any fractions thereof), natural gas, synthetic gas and any mixtures thereof, asbestos,urea formaldehyde, polychlorinated biphenyls, mercury, radon and radioactive materials.
“ 
Regulation B ”  shall mean Regulation B of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (or any successor), asthe same may be modified and supplemented and in effect from time to time.
“ 
Regulation T ” shall mean Regulation T of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (or any successor), as the same may be modified and supplemented and in effect from time to time.
“ 
Regulation U ” shall mean Regulation U of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (or any successor), as the same may be modified and supplemented and in effect from time to time..
“ 
Regulation X ”  shall mean Regulation X of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (or any successor), asthe same may be modified and supplemented and in effect from time to time.
Appendix A - 43
“ Regulation Z ” shall mean Regulation Z of  the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (or any successor), as thesame may be modified and supplemented and in effect from time to time.
“ 
Regulatory Change ”  shall mean the occurrence, after the Closing Date, of any of the following: (a) the adoption or takingeffect
 of  any  law,  rule,  regulation  or  treaty,  (b)  any  change  in  any  law,  rule,  regulation  or  treaty  or  in  the  administration,interpretation,
 implementation or application thereof by any Governmental Authority or (c) the making or issuance of any request,rule,
 guideline or directive (whether or not having the force of law) by any Governmental Authority; provided , that notwithstanding anything
 herein  to  the  contrary,  (i)  the  Dodd-Frank  Wall  Street  Reform  and  Consumer  Protection  Act  and  all  requests,  rules,guidelines
 or directives thereunder or issued in connection therewith and (ii) all requests, rules, guidelines or directives promulgatedby the Bank for International Settlements, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (or any successor or similar authority) or the
United
 States or foreign regulatory authorities, in each case pursuant to Basel III, shall in each case be deemed to be a “RegulatoryChange”, regardless of the date enacted, adopted or issued.
“ 
Release ”  shall mean any release, pumping, pouring, emptying, injecting, escaping, leaching, dumping, seepage, spill, leak,flow, discharge, disposal or emission of a Hazardous Substance.
“ 
Remainder Property Ground Lease ”  shall mean that certain Ground Lease Agreement dated as of June 12, 2015 betweenthe
 Lessee  and  NVIDIA  Lease  Holdings  LLC,  with  respect  to  which  a  Memorandum  of  Lease  dated  Jun  12,  2015  between  theLessee
 and  NVIDIA  Lease  Holdings  LLC  was  recorded  in  the  offices  of  the  Santa  Clara  County  Recorder  on  June  16,  2015,Document No. 22986845.
“ 
Renewal Term ” shall have the meaning given to such term in Section 2.2 of the Lease. “ 
Rent ” shall mean, collectively, the Basic Rent and the Supplemental Rent, in each case payable under the Lease. “ 
Rent Commencement Date ” shall mean the Completion Date. “ 
Requested Funds ”  shall mean any funds requested by the Lessee or the Construction Agent, as applicable, in accordancewith Section 5 of the Participation Agreement.
“ 
Requesting Party ” shall have the meaning given to such term in Section 26.3 of the Lease. “ 
Requisition ” shall have the meaning given to such term in Section 4.2 of the Participation Agreement. “ 
Responsible  Officer ”  shall  mean,  with  respect  to  any  Person,  the  chief  financial  officer,  principal  accounting  officer,treasurer or
 controller of such Person. Any document delivered hereunder or under any other Operative Agreements that is signed bya Responsible Officer of a Person shall be conclusively presumed to have been authorized by all necessary corporate,
Appendix A - 44
partnership and/or other action on the part of such Person and such Responsible Officer shall be conclusively presumed to have actedon behalf of such Person.
“ 
RVI Policy ”  shall mean, with respect to the Property, a residual value insurance policy in form and substance reasonablyacceptable to the Lessor in an amount sufficient to enable the Lessor to achieve its desired accounting treatment.
“ 
S&P ” shall mean Standard & Poor’s, a division of The McGraw Hill Companies Inc., and any successor thereto. “ 
Sale Date ” shall have the meaning given to such term in Section 20.3(a) of the Lease. “ 
Sale Notice ” shall mean a notice given to the Lessor in connection with the election by the Lessee of its Sale Option. “ 
Sale Option ” shall have the meaning given to such term in Section 20.1 of each Lease. “ 
Sale Proceeds Shortfall ”  shall mean the amount by which the proceeds of a sale described in Section 21.1 of the Lease areless than
 the Limited Recourse Amount with respect to the Property if it has been determined that the Fair Market Sales Value of theProperty at the expiration of the term of the Lease has been impaired by greater than ordinary wear and tear during such term.
“ 
Sanctioned Country ” shall mean a country or territory that is, or whose government is, the subject of Sanctions. “ 
Sanctioned Person ”  shall mean a Person that is, or is owned or controlled by Persons that are: (a) the subject or target ofany Sanctions, or (b) located, organized or resident in a Sanctioned Country.
“ 
Sanctions ”  shall mean any sanctions administered  or enforced by the U.S. Department of Treasury’s Office of ForeignAssets
 Control, the U.S. Department of State, the United Nations Security Council, the European Union, Her Majesty’s Treasury, orother relevant sanctions authority.
“ 
Scheduled Interest Payment Date ” shall mean a Payment Date. “ 
Scheduled Payment Date ” shall mean a Payment Date. “ 
SEC ” shall mean the United States Securities and Exchange Commision. “ 
Secured Hedge Agreement ”  shall mean any Hedge Agreement between or among any Credit Party and any Hedge Bankwith regard to the transactions evidenced by the Operative Agreements.
“ 
Secured  Obligations ”  shall  mean,  collectively,  (a)  the  Obligations  and  (b)  all  existing  or  future  payment  and  otherobligations
 owing by any Credit Party under any Secured Hedge Agreement, excluding in all cases with respect to the foregoingsubsections (a) and (b), all Excluded Swap Obligations.
Appendix A - 45
“ Secured Parties ” shall have the meaning given to such term in the Security Agreement. “ 
Securities Act ”  shall mean the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, together with the rules and regulations promulgatedthereunder.
“ 
Securitization Transaction ”  shall mean the sale or transfer by any of the Credit Parties or their Subsidiaries of income-producing assets
 not necessary for the operation of their business to a limited purpose financing vehicle (which may be a Subsidiary)which
 finances such acquisition, in part, by issuing debt securities or equity interests to third parties either directly or through one ormore
 intermediaries, in each case in a manner that does not result in the incurrence by any of the Credit Parties or their Subsidiariesof Indebtedness with recourse to any of
 the Credit Parties or their Subsidiaries (other than recourse to such limited purpose financingvehicles or against any of the Credit Parties’ or such Subsidiaries’ retained interest therein).
“ 
Security Agreement ”  shall mean the Security Agreement dated on or about the Closing Date between the Lessor and theAgent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, and accepted and agreed to by the Lessee.
“ 
Security Documents ”  shall mean the collective reference to the Security Agreement, the Pledge Agreement, the MortgageInstrument
 (to  the  extent  the  Lease  is  construed  as  a  security  instrument),  the  Lease,  the  UCC  Financing  Statements,  the  stockpowers
 or  other  similar  powers  provided  in  connection  with  the  Pledge  Agreement  and  all  other  security  documents  hereafterdelivered to the Agent granting a lien on
 any asset or assets of any Person to secure the obligations and liabilities of the Lessor underthe
 Loan Agreements and/or under any of the other Operative Agreements or to secure any guarantee of any such obligations andliabilities.
“ 
Shortfall Amount ” shall have the meaning given to such term in Section 5.11 of the Participation Agreement. “ 
Significant  Subsidiary ”  shall  mean  any  Subsidiary  (a)  the  total  assets  of  which  (after  intercompany  eliminations)  weregreater
 than 5% of Consolidated Total Assets as of the last day of the most recent fiscal period for which financial statements havebeen
 delivered pursuant to Section 8.3A(a)(i) or (ii) (or, prior to the first delivery of such financial statements, greater than 5% ofConsolidated
 Total  Assets  as  of  the  date  of  the  most  recent  financial  statements  referred  to  in  Section  6.1A(e))  or  (b)  the  totalrevenues of which (after intercompany eliminations) were greater than 5% of Consolidated Total Revenues for the four-fiscal-quarter
period
 ending on the last day of the most recent fiscal period for which financial statements have been delivered pursuant to Section8.3A(a)(i)
 or (ii) (or, prior to the first delivery of such financial statements, greater than 5% of Consolidated Total Revenues for thefour-fiscal-quarter
 period ending on the last day of the most recent fiscal period set forth in the most recent financial statementsreferred
 to in Section 6.1A(e)). For purposes of making the determinations required by this definition, total revenues and total assetsof
 Foreign  Subsidiaries  shall be converted  into Dollars at the rates used in preparing  the financial  statements of the Parent to bedelivered
 pursuant  to  Section  8.3A(a)(i)  or  (ii)  (or,  prior  to  the  first  delivery  of  such  financial  statements,  at  the  rates  used  inpreparing the Parent’s most recent financial statements referred to in Section 6.1A(e)).
Appendix A - 46
“ Soft Costs ”  shall mean all costs which are ordinarily and reasonably incurred in relation to the acquisition, development,leasing,
 financing,  installation,  construction,  improvement  and  testing  of  the  Property  other  than  Hard  Costs,  including  Fees,architecture fees,
 design work fees, legal fees, broker fees, upfront fees, fees of the Construction Advisers, fees and expenses relatedto
 appraisals,  title  examinations,  title  insurance,  document  recordation,  documentary  stamp  taxes,  intangible  taxes,  surveys,environmental site
 assessments, geotechnical soil investigations and similar costs and professional fees customarily associated with areal estate purchase and closing.
“ 
Specified Event ” shall mean (i)  any Lease Event of Default described in Sections 17.1(h) or (i) of the Lease or any AgencyAgreement Event
 of Default described in Section 5.1(c) of the Agency Agreement constituting a cross‑ default to any Lease Event ofDefault
 described in Sections 17.1(h) or (i) of the Lease; (ii) any fraud, misapplication of funds, illegal acts or willful misconduct ofthe
 Construction Agent or any Construction Agency Person, (iii) with respect to Environmental Claims, any acts, events, conditions,or
 circumstances existing or occurring with respect to the Property prior to the Closing Date, or (iv) third party claims caused by orarising out of any act
 or failure to act of the Construction Agent or any Construction Agency Person while the Construction Agent orany
 Construction  Agency  Person  is  in  possession  or  control  of  the  Property,  other  than  Claims  to  the  extent  arising  directly  orindirectly out of the Construction Agent’s failure to effect Completion by the Construction Period Termination Date.
“ 
Structuring Fee ” shall have the meaning given to such term in Section 7.7 of the Participation Agreement. “ 
Subsidiary ”  of any Person at any time shall mean (a) any corporation or trust of which fifty percent (50%) or more (bynumber of
 shares or number of votes) of the outstanding capital stock or shares of beneficial interest normally entitled to vote for theelection
 of one or more directors or trustees (regardless of any contingency which does or may suspend or dilute the voting rights) isat
 such time owned directly or indirectly by such Person or one or more of such Person’s Subsidiaries, (b) any partnership of whichsuch
 Person  is  a  general  partner  or  of  which  fifty  percent  (50%)  or  more  of  the  partnership  interests  are  at  the  time  directly  orindirectly
 owned  by  such  Person  or  one  or  more  of  such  Person’s  Subsidiaries,  (c)  any  limited  liability  company  of  which  suchPerson
 is a member or of which fifty percent (50%) or more of the limited liability company interests are at the time directly orindirectly
 owned  by  such  Person  or  one  or  more  of  such  Person’s  Subsidiaries  or  (d)  any  corporation,  trust,  partnership,  limitedliability
 company or other entity which is controlled or capable of being controlled by such Person or one or more of such Person’sSubsidiaries.
 Unless otherwise specified, all references herein to a “Subsidiary” or to “Subsidiaries” shall refer to a Subsidiary orSubsidiaries of the Parent.
“ 
Supplemental Re nt”  shall mean all amounts, liabilities and obligations (other than Basic Rent) which the Lessee assumesor agrees
 to pay to the Lessor, the Agent, any Mortgage Lender, any Credit Lender or any other Person under the Lease or under anyof the other Operative Agreements including
 payments of the Termination Value and the Maximum Residual Guarantee Amount andall indemnification amounts, liabilities and obligations.
Appendix A - 47
“ Swap  Obligation ”  shall  mean,  with  respect  to  any  Guarantor,  any  obligation  to  pay  or  perform  under  any  agreement,contract or transaction that constitutes a “swap” within the meaning of section 1a(47) of the Commodity Exchange Act.
“ 
Synthetic  Leases ”  shall  mean  any  synthetic  lease,  tax  retention  operating  lease,  off-balance  sheet  loan  or  similar  off-balance sheet
 financing product where such transaction is considered borrowed money indebtedness for tax purposes but is classifiedas an Operating Lease in accordance with GAAP.
“ 
Target Construction Period Termination Date ”  shall mean the date that is thirty (30) months after the commencement ofconstruction
 of Improvements (but in no event shall such commencement be deemed to occur later than July 30, 2015) or in theevent that
 a Force Majeure Event occurs with respect to the Property during such thirty (30) month period, then the date that is up toone
 hundred eighty (180) days after such thirty (30) month period, or such earlier date as the Mortgage Loan Commitments shallterminate
 as provided in the Mortgage Loan Agreement, the Credit Loan Commitments  shall terminate as provided in the CreditLoan Agreement or the Lessor Commitment shall terminate as provided in the Participation Agreement.
“ 
Taxes ” shall have the meaning given to such term in the definition of “Impositions”. “ 
Tax Loss ” shall have the meaning given to such term in Section 11.3(e) of the Participation Agreement. “ 
Term ” shall mean the Basic Term and each Renewal Term, if any. “ 
Termination Date ” shall have the meaning given to such term in Section 16.2(a) of the Lease. “ 
Termination Event ”  shall mean the occurrence of any of the following which, individually or in the aggregate, has resultedor
 could reasonably be expected to result in liability of the Parent or any of its Subsidiaries in an aggregate amount in excess of theThreshold
 Amount: (a) a “Reportable Event” described in Section 4043 of ERISA for which the thirty (30) day notice requirementhas
 not been waived by the PBGC, or (b) the withdrawal of any Credit Party or any ERISA Affiliate from a Pension Plan during aplan
 year in which it was a “substantial employer” as defined in Section 4001(a)(2) of ERISA or a cessation of operations that istreated as such a withdrawal under Section 4062(e) of ERISA, or
 (c) the termination of a Pension Plan, the filing of a notice of intentto terminate a Pension Plan or the treatment of a Pension Plan amendment as a termination, under Section 4041 of ERISA, if the plan
assets
 are not sufficient to pay all plan liabilities, or (d) the institution of proceedings to terminate, or the appointment of a trusteewith
 respect  to,  any  Pension  Plan  by  the  PBGC,  or  (e)  any  other  event  or  condition  which  would  constitute  grounds  underSection
 4042(a)  of  ERISA  for  the  termination  of,  or  the  appointment  of  a  trustee  to  administer,  any  Pension  Plan,  or  (f)  theimposition of a Lien pursuant to Section 430(k) of
 the Code or Section 303 of ERISA, or (g) the determination that any Pension Planor
 Multiemployer Plan is considered an at-risk plan or plan in endangered or critical status with the meaning of Sections 430, 431 or432
 of the Code or Sections 303, 304 or 305 of ERISA or (h) the partial or complete withdrawal of any Credit Party or any ERISAAffiliate from a Multiemployer Plan if withdrawal liability is
Appendix A - 48
asserted by such plan, or (i) any event or condition which results in the reorganization or insolvency of a Multiemployer Plan underSections
 4241  or  4245  of  ERISA,  or  (j)  any  event  or  condition  which  results  in  the  termination  of  a  Multiemployer  Plan  underSection
 4041A  of  ERISA  or  the  institution  by  PBGC  of  proceedings  to  terminate  a  Multiemployer  Plan  under  Section  4042  ofERISA,
 or (k) the imposition of any liability under Title IV of ERISA, other than for PBGC premiums due but not delinquent underSection 4007 of ERISA, upon any Credit Party or any ERISA Affiliate.
“ 
Termination Notice ” shall have the meaning given to such term in Section 16.1 of the Lease. “ 
Termination  Value ”  shall  mean  the  sum  of  (a)  an  amount  equal  to  the  Property  Cost,  plus  (b)  respecting  the  amountdescribed
 in the foregoing subclause (a), any and all accrued but unpaid interest on the Loans and any and all accrued but unpaidLessor
 Yield on the Lessor Advances, plus (c) to the extent the same is not duplicative  of the amounts payable under clause (b)above,
 all other Rent and other amounts then due and payable or accrued under the Agency Agreement, the Lease and/or under anyother
 Operative Agreement (including amounts under Sections 11.1 through 11.8 of the Participation Agreement and all costs andexpenses incurred by Lessor and/or Agent in connection with the transfer or sale of the Property to any Person (regardless of whether
any such transfer or sale actually occurs)).
“ 
Threshold Amount ” shall mean $150,000,000.00. “ 
Transaction Expenses ” shall mean all Soft Costs and all other costs and expenses incurred or expended by the ConstructionAgent,
 the Lessee or any Financing Party in connection with the preparation, execution and delivery of the Operative Agreementsand
 the transactions contemplated by the Operative Agreements including all costs, fees, expenses and other amounts described inSection
 7  of  the  Participation  Agreement,  all  reasonable  costs  and  expenses  incurred  by  any  Lender  in  connection  with  anydesignation
 of a new lending office or assignment by a Lender to another of its offices, branches or affiliates, in each case, pursuantto Section 2.7(a) of the Credit Loan Agreement or Section 2.7(a) of the Mortgage Loan Agreement
, as applicable, the assignment feepayable to
 the Agent and any other fees or amounts (excluding principal, interest and Fees) incurred by a Lender pursuant to Section2.7(b)
 of the Credit Loan Agreement or Section 2.7(b) of the Mortgage Loan Agreement, as applicable, and (except to the extentpayable
 and  actually  paid  by  the  Construction  Agent  or  the  Lessee  pursuant  to  Section  11.6  of  the  Participation  Agreement)  allindemnity
 amounts, breakage amounts, costs, fees, expenses and other amounts arising pursuant to Section 11 of the ParticipationAgreement and the following:
(a)
    the  reasonable  fees,  out‑ of‑pocket  expenses  and  disbursements  of  counsel  in  negotiating  the  terms  of  theOperative
 Agreements  and  the  other  transaction  documents,  preparing  for  the  closings  under,  and  rendering  opinions  inconnection
 with, such transactions and in rendering other services customary for counsel representing parties to transactionsof the types involved in the transactions contemplated by the Operative Agreements;
(b)    the
 reasonable fees, out‑ of‑pocket expenses and disbursements of accountants for any Credit Party in connectionwith the transactions contemplated by the Operative Agreements;
Appendix A - 49
(c)    any and all other reasonable fees, charges or other amounts payable to the Agent or any broker which arisesunder any of the Operative Agreements;
(d)
    any  other  reasonable  fee,  out‑ of‑pocket  expenses,  disbursement  or  cost  of  any  party  to  the  OperativeAgreements or any of the other transaction documents; and
(e)
    any and all Taxes and fees incurred in recording or filing any Operative Agreement or any other transactiondocument,
 any deed, declaration, mortgage, security agreement, notice or financing statement with any public office, registryor governmental agency in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Operative Agreement.
Notwithstanding
 the foregoing or any provision in Section 7.1 of the Participation Agreement or in any other Operative Agreementto
 the  contrary,  “Transaction  Expenses”  shall  not  include  legal  fees  and  other  professional  fees  or  similar  costs  and  expensesexpended by any transferee or assignee of any Credit Lender or Mortgage Lender as of the Closing Date.
“ 
Tribunal ” shall  mean any state, commonwealth, federal, foreign, territorial, or other court or government body, subdivisionagency, department, commission, board, bureau or instrumentality of a governmental body.
“ 
Trust Property ” shall have the meaning given to such term in Section 2 of the Security Agreement. “ 
Type ” shall mean whether any Loan is an ABR Loan or a Eurodollar Loan. “ 
UCC  Financing  Statements ”  shall  mean  collectively  the  Lender  Financing  Statements  and  the  Lessor  FinancingStatements.
“ 
Unanimous Vote Matters ” shall have the meaning given to such term in Section 12.4 of the Participation Agreement. “ 
Uniform Commercial Code ”  and “ UCC ”  shall mean the Uniform Commercial Code as from time to time in effect in theapplicable jurisdiction or jurisdictions.
“ 
Uninsured Force Majeure Loss ” shall mean an amount  equal to the Force Majeure Loss less any and all insurance proceedspaid in connection with the Force Majeure Event giving rise to such Force Majeure Loss.
“ 
United States ” shall mean the United States of America. “ 
U.S. Person ” shall have the meaning given to such term in Section 11.2(e) of the Participation Agreement. “ 
U.S. Taxes ” shall have the meaning given to such term in Section 11.2(e) of the Participation Agreement. Appendix A - 50
“ Wholly-Owned  Entity ”  shall  mean  a  Person  all  of  the  shares  of  capital  stock  or  other  ownership  interest  of  which  areowned by the Parent and/or one of its wholly-owned Subsidiaries or other wholly-owned entities.
“ 
Wholly-Owned Subsidiary ” shall mean any Subsidiary that is a Wholly-Owned Entity with respect to the Parent. “ 
Withdrawal Liability ”  shall mean liability to a Multiemployer Plan as a result of a complete or partial withdrawal fromsuch Multiemployer Plan, as such terms are defined in Part I of Subtitle E of Title IV of ERISA.
“ 
Withholdings ” shall have the meaning given to such term in Section 11.2(e) of the Participation Agreement. “ 
Work ”  shall mean the furnishing of labor, materials, components, furniture, furnishings, fixtures, appliances, machinery,equipment,
 tools,  power,  water,  fuel,  lubricants,  supplies,  goods  and/or  services  with  respect  to  the  Property  pursuant  to  theConstruction Documents.
“ 
Write‑Down  and  Conversion  Powers ”  shall  mean,  with  respect  to  any  EEA  Resolution  Authority,  the  write‑ down  andconversion
 powers  of  such  EEA  Resolution  Authority  from  time  to  time  under  the  Bail‑ In  Legislation  for  the  applicable  EEAMember Country, which write
‑ down and conversion powers are described in the EU Bail‑ In Legislation Schedule.“ 
Yield Protection Amount ” shall have the meaning given to such term in Section 11.3 of the Participation Agreement. Appendix A - 51
EXHIBIT A FORM OF REQUISITION 
(Pursuant to Section 4.2 of the Participation Agreement)
NVIDIA
 LAND  DEVELOPMENT,  LLC,  a  Delaware  limited  liability  company  (the  “ Company ”),  as Construction Agent, as of____,
 20__, hereby certifies as true and correct and delivers the following Requisition to Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as theagent
 for the Credit Lenders and the Mortgage Lenders and respecting the Security Documents, as the agent for the Secured Parties, to theextent of their interests (the “ 
Agent ”): Reference
 is  made  herein  to  that  certain  Participation  Agreement  dated  as  of  _____,  2015  (as  amended,  modified,  extended,supplemented,
 restated  and/or  replaced  from  time  to  time,  the  “ Participation  Agreement ”)  among  the  Company,  in  its  capacity  as  theConstruction
 Agent and the Lessee, the various entities which are parties thereto from time to time, as the Guarantors, Wachovia ServiceCorporation, as
 the Lessor, the various banks and other lending institutions which are parties thereto from time to time, as the Credit Lenders,the
 various  banks  and  other  lending  institutions  which  are  parties  thereto  from  time  to  time,  as  the  Mortgage  Lenders,  and  the  Agent.Capitalized terms used herein but not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings set forth therefor in the Participation Agreement.
Check one:
____    CLOSING DATE:__________
(as of the Closing Date)
____    ACQUISITION ADVANCE DATE:__________
(three (3) Business Days prior notice required for Advance)
____    CONSTRUCTION ADVANCE DATE:__________
(seven (7) days prior notice required for Advance)
1.
Property Costs including interest to be capitalized regarding the Loans, Yield to be capitalized regarding the Lessor Advances, Fees to be
 capitalized, Supplemental Rent including Transaction Expenses and any and all other amounts contemplated to be financed underthe
 Participation  Agreement  including  any  broker’s  fees,  taxes,  recording  fees  and  the  like  (with  supporting  invoices  or  closingstatement attached):
Party to Whom Amount is
Owed
 Amount Owed (in U.S. Dollars)
 Type 
    _____________
 _____________  _____________ _____________
 _____________  _____________ _____________
 _____________  _____________ _____________
 _____________  _____________ _____________
 _____________  _____________ Exhibits and Schedules - 1
2.Address of the Property for which Advances are requested under this Requisition: _______________________ 3.
Aggregate  Loans and Lessor Advances requested under the Operative Agreements with respect to the Property, including withoutlimitation all amounts requested under this Requisition: $_____    
4.
In  connection with this Requisition, the Company hereby requests that the Mortgage Lenders make Mortgage Loans to the Lessor inthe
 amount  of  $_____,  that  the  Credit  Lenders  make  Credit  Loans  in  the  amount  of  $_____  and  that  the  Lessor  make  LessorAdvances
 in the amount of $_____, which amounts in the aggregate do not exceed $40,000,000. The Company hereby certifies that(a)
 the  foregoing  amounts  requested  as  Mortgage  Loans  do  not  exceed  the  total  aggregate  of  the  Available  Mortgage  LoanCommitments,
 (b) the foregoing amounts requested as Credit Loans do not exceed the total aggregate of the Available Credit LoanCommitments
 and (c) the foregoing amounts requested as Lessor Advances do not exceed the total aggregate of the Available LessorCommitments.
5.
The  Advances requested in connection with this Requisition are with respect to (a) the ground leasing of the Land described in thelegal
 description in the attached Schedule  1 ,  (b) reimbursement of costs previously incurred or direct payment for costs incurredconcerning
 the Improvements described in the attached Schedule 2 ,  or for payment of costs not yet incurred which are the subject ofthe
 Punchlist  Advance  made  pursuant  to  Section  5.22  of  the  Participation  Agreement,  and  (c)  reimbursement  of  costs  previouslyincurred or direct payment for costs incurred concerning the Equipment described in the attached 
Schedule 3 . 6.
On  each date of payment or incurrence by the Company of each and every item of Property Costs referenced in Section 1 of thisRequisition or, regarding the Punchlist Advance, on the date of this Requisition:
(a)
no  Agency Agreement Default, Agency Agreement Event of Default, Lease Default or Lease Event of Default had occurred;and
(b)
each  of the conditions precedent described in Section 5.4A of the Participation Agreement (except with respect to Section5.4A(l)
 of  the  Participation  Agreement  regarding  Sections  5.17(b)(i)(B)  and  5.17(b)(i)(H)  of  the  Participation  Agreement,those
 two provisions shall apply to all Construction Advances other than the Punchlist Advance made pursuant to Section5.22 of the Participation Agreement) was (i) satisfied in full or (ii) waived by the Agent.
Exhibits and Schedules - 2
The Company has caused this Requisition to be executed by its duly authorized officer as of the day and year first above written.NVIDIA LAND DEVELOPMENT, LLC, as Construction Agent
By: 
                        Name: 
                        Title: 
                        Exhibits and Schedules - 3
Schedule 1Land
Exhibits and Schedules - 4
Schedule 2Improvements
Party to Whom Amount is
Owed
 Amount Owed (in U.S. Dollars)
 Type 
    _____________
 _____________  _____________ _____________
 _____________  _____________ _____________
 _____________  _____________ _____________
 _____________  _____________ _____________
 _____________  _____________ Exhibits and Schedules - 5
Schedule 3Equipment
Party to Whom Amount is
Owed
 Amount Owed (in U.S. Dollars)
 Type 
    _____________
 _____________  _____________ _____________
 _____________  _____________ _____________
 _____________  _____________ _____________
 _____________  _____________ _____________
 _____________  _____________ Exhibits and Schedules - 6
EXHIBIT B FORM OF OFFICER’S CERTIFICATE 
(Pursuant to Section 5.3(u) of the Participation Agreement)
OFFICER’S CERTIFICATE OF 
[CREDIT PARTY]
[CREDIT
 PARTY] ,  a  _____  (the  “ Company ”),  as  of  ____,  2015,  DOES  HEREBY  CERTIFY  in  favor  of  WELLS  FARGOBANK,
 NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, a national banking association, as the agent for the Credit Lenders and the Mortgage Lenders andrespecting the Security Documents, as the agent for the Secured Parties, to the extent of their interests (the “ 
Agent ”), as follows: 1.
Attached  hereto  as Schedule  1 is  a  true,  correct  and  complete  copy  of  the [certificate  of  formation][articles  ofincorporation][, as amended,] 
of  the Company on file with the Secretary of State of the State of _____. Such [certificate of formation][articles of incorporation][, as amended,] 
remain in full force and effect as of the date hereof. 2.
Attached hereto as Schedule 2 is a  true, correct and complete copy of the [operating agreement][by-laws][, as amended,]  of the
 Company.  Such [operating  agreement][by-laws][,  as  amended,] have  not  been  otherwise  amended,  modified  orrescinded and remain in full force and effect as of the date hereof.
3.
Attached  hereto as Schedule  3 is  a true, correct and complete copy of the resolutions of the Company duly authorizing theexecution,
 delivery and performance by the Company of each of the Operative Agreements to which it is or will be a party.Such
 resolutions  have  not  been  amended,  modified  or  rescinded  since  their  date  of  adoption  and  remain  in  full  force  andeffect as of the date hereof.
4.
The  persons named below now hold the offices with the Company set forth opposite their names, and the signatures oppositetheir names and titles are their true and correct signatures.
Name
Office Signature  
  ___________________
_______________________ _________________________  
  ___________________
_______________________ _________________________ Capitalized
 terms used in this Officer’s Certificate and not otherwise defined herein have the respective meanings ascribed thereto inthat
 certain  Participation  Agreement  dated  as  of  the  date  hereof  the  “ Participation  Agreement ”)  among [NVIDIA  Land Development,LLC][the
 Company] ,  in its capacity as the Construction Agent and the Lessee, the various entities which are parties thereto from time totime, as the Guarantors, Wachovia Service Corporation, as the Lessor, the various banks and other lending institutions
Exhibits and Schedules - 7
which are parties thereto from time to time, as the Credit Lenders, the various banks and other lending institutions which are parties theretofrom time to time, as the Mortgage Lenders, and the Agent.
(Signature page follows)
Exhibits and Schedules - 8
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Officer’s Certificate to be executed by its duly authorized officer as of theday and year first above written.
[CREDIT PARTY]
By: 
                        Name: 
                        Title: 
                        Exhibits and Schedules - 9
Schedule 1[Certificate of Formation][Articles of Incorporation]
Exhibits and Schedules - 10
Schedule 2[Operating Agreement][By-Laws]
Exhibits and Schedules - 11
Schedule 3Resolutions
Exhibits and Schedules - 12
EXHIBIT C FORM OF SECRETARY’S CERTIFICATE 
(Pursuant to Section 5.3(w) of the Participation Agreement)
SECRETARY’S CERTIFICATE OF 
WACHOVIA SERVICE CORPORATION
WACHOVIA
 SERVICE  CORPORATION,  a  Delaware  corporation  (the  “ Company ”),  as  of  ____,  20__,  DOES  HEREBYCERTIFY as follows:
1.
Attached  hereto as Schedule  1 is  a true, correct and complete copy of the certificate of incorporation, as amended, of theCompany on file with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware. Such certificate of incorporation, as amended, remain in
full force and effect as of the date hereof.
2.
Attached  hereto as Schedule  2 is  a true, correct and complete copy of the by-laws, as amended, of the Company. Such by-laws,
 as amended, have not been otherwise amended, modified or rescinded since their date of adoption and remain in fullforce and effect as of the date hereof.
3.
Attached  hereto as Schedule  3 is  a true, correct and complete copy of the resolutions of the Company duly authorizing theexecution, delivery
 and performance by the Lessor of each of the Operative Agreements to which it is or will be a party. Suchresolutions have not been amended, modified or rescinded since their date of adoption and remain in full force and effect as of
the date hereof.
4.
The  persons named below now hold the offices with the Company set forth opposite their names, and the signatures oppositetheir names and titles are their true and correct signatures.
Name
Office Signature  
  ___________________
_______________________ _________________________  
  ___________________
_______________________ _________________________ Capitalized
 terms used in this Secretary’s Certificate and not otherwise defined herein have the respective meanings ascribed theretoin
 that certain Participation Agreement dated as of _____, 2015 (the “ Participation Agreement ”)  among NVIDIA Land Development, LLC,in
 its capacity as the Construction Agent and the Lessee, the various entities which are parties thereto from time to time, as the Guarantors,the Company, as the Lessor, the various banks and other lending institutions which are parties thereto from time
Exhibits and Schedules - 13
to time, as the Credit Lenders, the various banks and other lending institutions which are parties thereto from time to time, as the MortgageLenders, and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as the Agent.
(Signature page follows)
Exhibits and Schedules - 14
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Secretary’s Certificate to be executed by its duly authorized officer as of theday and year first above written.
WACHOVIA SERVICE CORPORATION
By: 
                        Name: 
                        Title: 
                        Exhibits and Schedules - 15
Schedule 1Certificate of Incorporation
Exhibits and Schedules - 16
Schedule 2By-Laws
Exhibits and Schedules - 17
Schedule 3Resolutions
Exhibits and Schedules - 18
EXHIBIT D FORM OF OUTSIDE COUNSEL OPINION FOR THE LESSOR 
(Pursuant to Section 5.3(x) of the Participation Agreement)
_____, ____
TO THOSE ON THE ATTACHED DISTRIBUTION LIST
Re:     Lease Financing Provided in Favor of NVIDIA Land Development, LLC
Ladies and Gentlemen:
We
 have acted as special counsel for Wachovia Service Corporation, a Delaware corporation, in its capacity as borrower and lessor(the
 “ Lessor ”)  under the Participation Agreement dated as of _____, 2015 (the “ Participation  Agreement ”)  by and among NVIDIA LandDevelopment,
 LLC, as the construction agent and as the lessee (the “ Lessee ”),  the various entities which are parties thereto from time totime, as
 the guarantors (collectively, the “ Guarantors ”),  the Lessor, the various banks and other lending institutions which are parties theretofrom time to time, as the credit lenders (individually, a “ 
Credit Lender ” and collectively, the “ Credit Lenders ”), the various banks and other lending institutions which are
 parties thereto from time to time, as the mortgage lenders (individually, a “ Mortgage Lender ” and collectively, the
 “ Mortgage  Lenders ”),  and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as the agent for the Credit Lenders and the Mortgage Lenders and,respecting
 the Security Documents, as the agent for the Secured Parties (the “ Agent ”).  Except as otherwise defined herein, the terms usedherein
 shall have the meanings set forth in Appendix  A to  the Participation Agreement. This opinion is issued pursuant to Section 5.3(x) ofthe
 Participation Agreement in connection with the execution and delivery by the Lessor of the Operative Agreements to which it is a partyand with the transactions contemplated by the Participation Agreement.
In
 rendering the opinions expressed below, we have examined the following documents (items 1-8 below are referred to as the “Documents 
”), each dated as of the date hereof unless otherwise noted: 1.
the Participation Agreement; 2.
the Credit Loan Agreement; 3.
the Mortgage Loan Agreement; 4.
the Credit Notes; 5.
the Mortgage Notes; 6.
the Agency Agreement; Exhibits and Schedules - 19
7.the Lease; 8.
the Security Agreement; and 9.
the  UCC1 financing statement listing the Lessor as debtor and the Agent as secured party, together with all schedules andexhibits to
 such financing statement, such financing statement to be filed in the Office of the Delaware Secretary of State (the“ 
Filing Office ”), a copy of which is attached hereto as Schedule 1 (the “ Financing Statement ”). We
 have also examined originals or copies, certified or otherwise identified to our satisfaction, of such corporate records, certificatesof
 public officials and representatives of the Lessor and such other instruments and documents as we have deemed necessary or advisable forthe
 purpose of rendering this opinion. As to various questions of fact material to our opinion, we have relied upon, and assumed withoutindependent
 investigation the accuracy of, the representations made by the parties to the Documents (other than those which are expressed asour opinions).
[ 
Note : Counsel may add customary assumptions and qualifications]Based on the foregoing, and subject to the qualifications and assumptions set forth herein, we are of the opinion that:
1.
    Based solely on a good standing certificate issued by the Delaware Secretary of State, the Lessor is a corporation in goodstanding under the laws of the State of Delaware.
2.
    The Lessor has all necessary corporate power to execute, deliver and perform its obligations under the Documents towhich it is a party.
3.    The
 execution, delivery and performance by the Lessor of the Documents to which it is a party have been duly authorizedby all necessary corporate action on the part of the Lessor.
4.
    To  the  extent  governed  by  the  Delaware  General  Corporation  Law,  the  Documents  have  been  duly  executed  anddelivered by the Lessor.
5.
    The execution and delivery by the Lessor of the Documents to which it is a party and the performance of its obligationsthereunder,
 do  not  violate  (a)  the  Lessor’s  certificate  of  incorporation  or  bylaws,  or  (b)  any  (i)  North  Carolina  statute,  rule  orregulation or (ii) federal law or regulation.
6.
    The Lessor is not required to obtain any consent, approval, authorization, or make any filing with, any State of NorthCarolina
 or United States federal governmental or regulatory agency, to authorize its execution and delivery of, or to make valid andbinding,
 the Documents to which it is a party, except for (a) governmental approvals or filings already obtained or made and (b) anyactions or filings to perfect the liens and security interests granted under the Documents.
7.
    The  Documents  provide  that  they  shall  be  governed  by,  and  construed  in  accordance  with, [New  York] law.  If,notwithstanding
 such  choice  of  law  provision,  a  North  Carolina  court  were  to  hold  that  any  Document  is  to  be  construed  inaccordance
 with the internal laws of the State of North Carolina, such Document would be, under the internal laws of the State ofNorth Carolina,
Exhibits and Schedules - 20
the valid and binding obligation of the Lessor, enforceable against the Lessor in accordance with its terms.8.
    The Financing Statement is in proper form so as to comply with the requirements of the Delaware UCC, and assumingthat
 (a) a security interest in the Trust Assets (as defined in the Security Agreement) has attached under Article 9 of the UniformCommercial
 Code as enacted in New York, (b) the Financing Statement has been properly filed with the Filing Office, (c) the filingfees
 in connection with each such filing have been paid, (d) the Lessor has rights in the Trust Assets, and (e) the Financing Statementgives
 the correct name of the Agent, the Agent will have a perfected security interest in the Trust Assets described in the FinancingStatement
 to the extent that a security interest may be perfected therein by the filing of a financing statement in Delaware under theDelaware UCC.
Our
 opinion is rendered solely in connection with the transactions contemplated under the Documents and may not be relied upon forany other
 purpose or in any manner by any person or entity other than the addressees hereof, except that we hereby consent to reliance hereon by any future assignee of the Lessor, any Credit Lender or any Mortgage Lender (collectively, the “ 
Reliance Parties ”) of their interests in the Credit
 Loans  or  Mortgage  Loans,  respectively,  pursuant  to  an  assignment  that  is  made  and  consented  to  in  accordance  with  the  expressprovisions
 of Section 10.1 of the Participation Agreement, on the condition and understanding that (i) this letter speaks only as of the datehereof,
 (ii) we have no responsibility or obligation to update this letter, to consider its applicability or correctness to any person other than itsaddressees,
 or to take into account changes in law, facts or any other developments of which we may later become aware, (iii) any suchreliance
 by a Reliance Party must be actual and reasonable under the circumstances existing at the time of assignment, including any changesin
 law, facts or any other developments known to or reasonably knowable by the Reliance Party at such time ,  and (iv) in no event shall anysuch assignee have any greater rights with respect hereto than did the addressees.
No
 copies of this opinion may be delivered or furnished to any other party other than a Reliance Party, nor may all or portions of thisopinion be quoted,
 circulated or referred to in any other document without our prior written consent, except that copies of this opinion may beprovided
 to any regulatory agency having supervisory authority over a Reliance Party and except that this opinion may be used in connectionwith
 the assertion of a defense as to which this opinion is relevant and necessary or in response to a court order or other legal process. Theopinions
 expressed in this letter are rendered as of the date hereof and we express no opinion as to circumstances or events or change inapplicable law that may occur subsequent to such date.
Very truly yours,
MOORE & VAN ALLEN, PLLC
Exhibits and Schedules - 21
Distribution ListNVIDIA Land Development, LLC, as Construction Agent and as Lessee
_____, as a Guarantor
Wachovia Service Corporation, as Lessor
_____, as a Mortgage Lender
_____, as a Credit Lender
Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as the Agent
Exhibits and Schedules - 22
Schedule 1 UCC1 FINANCING STATEMENT
(see attached) 
Exhibits and Schedules - 23
EXHIBIT E FORM OF OFFICER’S CERTIFICATE (COMPLETION) 
(Pursuant to Section 5.5 of the Participation Agreement)
OFFICER’S CERTIFICATE OF 
NVIDIA LAND DEVELOPMENT, LLC
NVIDIA LAND DEVELOPMENT, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the “ 
Company ”), as of ___, 20__, DOES HEREBY CERTIFY
 in favor of WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, a national banking association, as the agent for the CreditLenders and
 the Mortgage Lenders and respecting the Security Documents, as the agent for the Secured Parties, to the extent of their interests(the “ 
Agent ”), as follows: 1.    The address for the Property is __________________________ _________________________________________.
2.    The Completion Date for the construction of Improvements at the Property occurred on ______________.
3.    The aggregate Property Cost for the Property is $___________.
4.
    Attached hereto as Schedule  A is  the detailed, itemized documentation supporting the asserted Property Cost figures for theProperty.
5.
    Each and every representation and warranty of each Credit Party contained in the Operative Agreements to which it is a party istrue
 and correct on and as of the date hereof in all material respects, except for any representation or warranty that is qualified by materialityor
 references Material Adverse Effect, which such representation or warranty shall be true and correct in all respects (except for any suchrepresentation
 and warranty that by its terms is made only as of an earlier date, which representation and warranty shall remain true andcorrect
 in all material respects as of such earlier date, except for any representation and warranty that is qualified by materiality or referencesMaterial Adverse Effect, which such representation and warranty shall be true and correct in all respects as of such earlier date).
Capitalized
 terms used in this Officer’s Certificate and not otherwise defined have the respective meanings ascribed thereto in thatcertain
 Participation Agreement dated as of _____, 2015 (as amended, modified, extended, supplemented, restated and/or replaced from timeto
 time, the “ Participation  Agreement ”)  among the Company, in its capacity as the Construction Agent and the Lessee, the various entitieswhich
 are parties thereto from time to time, as the Guarantors, Wachovia Service Corporation, as the Lessor, the various banks and otherlending
 institutions which are parties thereto from time to time, as the Credit Lenders, the various banks and other lending institutions whichare parties thereto from time to time, as the Mortgage Lenders, and the Agent.
[signature page follows]
Exhibits and Schedules - 24
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Officer’s Certificate to be duly executed and delivered as of the day andyear first above written.
NVIDIA LAND DEVELOPMENT, LLC
By: 
                        Name: 
                        Title: 
                        Exhibits and Schedules - 25
Schedule A(Itemized Documentation in Support of Asserted Property Cost)
Exhibits and Schedules - 26
EXHIBIT FFORM OF CONSTRUCTION AGENT CERTIFICATE 
(Pursuant to Section 5.17(b)(i)(A) of the Participation Agreement)
THIS
 CONSTRUCTION AGENT CERTIFICATE dated as of _____, _____ (this “ Certificate ”)  is executed by NVIDIA LANDDEVELOPMENT,
 LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the “ Company ”  or the “ Construction  Agent ”),  in favor of (a) Wells FargoBank,
 National Association, as agent for the Credit Lenders and Mortgage Lenders and, respecting the Security Documents, as agent for theSecured Parties (the “ 
Agent ”), and (b) _____, a _____, as construction servicer on behalf of the Agent (the “ Construction Servicer ”). The Construction Agent hereby certifies as follows:
1.
    Concurrent herewith, the Construction Agent has submitted a Requisition requesting funding thereof, all in accordance with therequirements
 of the Operative Agreements. The Requisition is attached hereto as Schedule  A .  The Construction Agent acknowledges thatfunding
 of  the  Requisition  is  subject  to  satisfaction  of  the  conditions  precedent  in  the  Operative  Agreements,  including  approval  by  theConstruction Servicer.
2.    This Certificate is to be utilized only in connection with the above-referenced Requisition.
3.
    To the Construction Agent’s knowledge, it has complied with all duties and obligations required to date to be carried out andperformed by it pursuant to the Operative Agreements.
4.    No Agency Agreement Event of Default or Lease Event of Default has occurred and is continuing.
5.
    All change orders regarding the construction of the Property subject to the above-referenced Requisition or changes to any of theConstruction
 Documents  have  been  submitted  to  and,  to  the  extent  required  pursuant  to  the  Operative  Agreements,  approved  by  theapplicable Financing Parties.
6.
    To the Construction Agent’s knowledge, all previously disbursed Advances have been used for the purposes as set forth in theOperative Agreements.
7.
    To  the  Construction  Agent’s  knowledge,  all  outstanding  claims  for  labor,  materials  and/or  services  furnished  prior  to  theAdvance requested
 pursuant to the above-referenced Requisition that are due and payable have been paid or will be paid from the proceeds ofsuch
 Advance  (unless  such  are  being  contested  as  permitted  by  the  Operative  Agreements  and  no  such  certification  is  hereby  made  withrespect to costs to be incurred with respect to the future completion of punch list items in connection with the Punchlist Advance).
8.
    To  the  Construction  Agent’s  knowledge,  all  construction  regarding  the  construction  of  the  Property  subject  to  the  above-referenced
 Requisition prior to the date of this Certificate has been accomplished in substantial accordance with the Plans and Specifications;provided 
,  no such certification is hereby made with respect to the future completion of punch list items in connection with the PunchlistAdvance.
Exhibits and Schedules - 27
9.    The Advance pursuant to the above-referenced Requisition will be used solely for the purposes set forth therein, and no amountrequested for funding pursuant to the above-referenced Requisition has been the basis for any prior Requisition.
10.
    To the Construction Agent’s knowledge, there are no Liens outstanding against the Property subject to the above-referencedRequisition, except for Permitted Liens.
11.
    To  the  Construction  Agent’s  knowledge,  the  sum  of  the  current  Available  Mortgage  Loan  Commitments  plus  the  currentAvailable
 Credit  Loan  Commitments  plus  the  current  Available  Lessor  Commitment  is  sufficient  to  pay  for  Completion  of  the  Propertysubject to the above-referenced Requisition in accordance with the Construction Documents and the Operative Agreements.
12. 
   Each and every representation and warranty of each Credit Party contained in the Operative Agreements to which it is a party istrue
 and correct on and as of the date hereof in all material respects, except for any representation or warranty that is qualified by materialityor
 references Material Adverse Effect, which such representation or warranty shall be true and correct in all respects (except for any suchrepresentation
 and warranty that by its terms is made only as of an earlier date, which representation and warranty shall remain true andcorrect
 in all material respects as of such earlier date, except for any representation and warranty that is qualified by materiality or referencesMaterial Adverse Effect, which such representation and warranty shall be true and correct in all respects as of such earlier date).
13.
    The Construction Agent understands that this Certificate is made for the purpose of inducing the Agent and the ConstructionServicer
 to  approve  the  Advance  pursuant  to  the  above-referenced  Requisition  and  in  approving  such  Advance,  the  Agent  and  theConstruction Servicer will rely upon the accuracy of the matters stated in this Certificate.
14.    The statements made in this Certificate and any documents submitted herewith and identified herein are true and correct.
Capitalized
 terms used in this Certificate and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings set forth therefor in that certainParticipation
 Agreement dated as of _____, 2015 (as amended, modified, extended, supplemented, restated and/or replaced from time to timein
 accordance  with  the  applicable  provisions  thereof,  the  “ Participation  Agreement ”)  among  the  Company,  as  Lessee  and  ConstructionAgent,
 the various entities parties thereto from time to time, as the Guarantors, the Borrower, the Credit Lenders, the various banks and otherlending institutions parties thereto from time to time, as Mortgage Lenders, and the Agent.
Exhibits and Schedules - 28
The Construction Agent has caused this Certificate to be duly executed and delivered as of the day and year first above written.NVIDIA LAND DEVELOPMENT, LLC, as the Construction Agent
By: 
                        Name: 
                        Title: 
                        Exhibits and Schedules - 29
Schedule A(Requisition)
Exhibits and Schedules - 30
EXHIBIT G FORM OF GUARANTOR JOINDER AND ASSUMPTION AGREEMENT
(Pursuant to Section 6B.9 of the Participation Agreement)
This
 Guarantor  Joinder  and  Assumption  Agreement  (“ Joinder ”)  is  made  as  of  _________  ___,  20___,  by__________________________,
 a  ________________  limited  liability  company/limited  partnership/general  partnership/corporation  (the  “New Guarantor 
”). Background
Reference
 is  made  to  (i)  the  Participation  Agreement,  dated  as  of  _____,  2015  (as  amended,  modified,  extended,  supplemented,restated and/or
 replaced from time to time, the “ Participation Agreement ”), by and  among by and among NVIDIA Land Development, LLC,a
 Delaware limited liability company (the “ Construction  Agent ”  or “ Lessee ”);  the various entities which are parties thereto from time totime as guarantors (individually, a “ 
Guarantor ” and collectively, the “ Guarantors ”); Wachovia Service Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the “ 
Lessor ”); the various banks and  other lending institutions which are parties thereto from time to time as credit lenders (individually, a “Credit Lender 
”  and collectively, the “ Credit Lenders ”);  the various banks and other lending institutions which are parties thereto from timeto
 time  as  mortgage  lenders  (individually,  a  “ Mortgage  Lender ”  and  collectively,  the  “ Mortgage  Lenders ”);  and  Wells  Fargo  Bank,National
 Association,  a  national  banking  association,  as  the  agent  for  the  Credit  Lenders  and  the  Mortgage  Lenders  and,  respecting  theSecurity
 Documents, as agent for the Secured Parties (in such capacity, the “ Agent ”),  and (ii) the other Operative Agreements referred to inthe Participation Agreement, as the same may be modified, supplemented or amended.
Agreement
Capitalized
 terms defined in the Participation Agreement are used herein as defined therein. In consideration of the New Guarantorbecoming a Guarantor
 under the terms of the Participation Agreement and in consideration of the value of the synergistic benefits received bythe
 New Guarantor as a result of becoming affiliated with the Credit Parties, the New Guarantor hereby agrees that (i) it shall become a“Guarantor”
 as defined in the Participation Agreement and be subject to Section 6B of the Participation Agreement, (ii) effective as of thedate
 hereof,  it  hereby  is,  and  shall  be  deemed  to  be,  a  Guarantor  under  the  Participation  Agreement  and  each  of  the  other  OperativeAgreements
 to which the Guarantors are a party and agrees that from the date hereof and so long as any Company Obligation shall remainoutstanding
 and  until  the  payment  and  performance  in  full  of  all  Company  Obligations  (other  than  contingent  indemnification  andreimbursement
 obligations in respect of which no claim for payment has yet been asserted by the Person entitled thereto), the New Guarantorhas
 assumed the obligations of a Guarantor under, and the New Guarantor shall perform, comply with and be subject to and bound by, jointlyand
 severally  with  any  other  Guarantor,  each  of  the  terms,  provisions  and  waivers  of  the  Participation  Agreement  and  each  of  the  otherOperative
 Agreements which are stated to apply to or are made by a Guarantor. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the NewGuarantor
 hereby  represents  and  warrants  that  (i)  each  of  the  representations  and  warranties  with  respect  to  the  Guarantors  set  forth  inSections
 6.1 and 6.1A of the Participation Agreement is, on and as of the date hereof, true and correct as to the New Guarantor as if made onand
 as  of  the  date  hereof  by  the  New  Guarantor  in  all  material  respects,  except  for  any  representation  or  warranty  that  is  qualified  bymateriality
 or references Material Adverse Effect, which such representation or warranty shall be true and correct in all respects (except forany such representation and warranty that by its terms is made only
Exhibits and Schedules - 31
as of an earlier date, which representation and warranty shall remain true and correct in all material respects as of such earlier date, except forany
 representation  and  warranty  that  is  qualified  by  materiality  or  references  Material  Adverse  Effect,  which  such  representation  andwarranty
 shall be true and correct in all respects as of such earlier date and (ii) the New Guarantor has heretofore received a true and correctcopy
 of the Participation Agreement, and each of the other Operative Agreements (including any modifications thereof or supplements orwaivers thereto) as in effect on the date hereof.
The
 New Guarantor hereby makes, affirms, and ratifies in favor of the Financing Parties, as applicable, the Participation Agreement,each of the other Operative Agreements executed by the Guarantors.
As of the date set forth above, the New Guarantor has duly executed and delivered this Joinder.
[ 
    ]By: 
    Name: 
    Title: 
    ACKNOWLEDGED AND AGREED:
NVIDIA CORPORATION, as a Guarantor
By: 
                        Name: 
                        Title: 
                        NVIDIA INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS INC., as a Guarantor
By: 
                        Name: 
                        Title: 
                        NVIDIA LEASE HOLDINGS LLC, as a Guarantor
By: 
                        Name: 
                        Title: 
                        Exhibits and Schedules - 32
EXHIBIT H FORM OF COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE
(Pursuant to Definition of “Compliance Certificate” in 
Appendix A to the Participation Agreement) Statement Date:__________
To:    Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Agent
Ladies and Gentlemen:
Reference
 is  made  herein  to  that  certain  Participation  Agreement  dated  as  of  _____,  2015  (as  amended,  modified,  extended,supplemented,
 restated  and/or  replaced  from  time  to  time,  the  “ Participation  Agreement ”)  among  NVIDIA  Land  Development,  LLC,  aDelaware
 limited liability company, in its capacity as the construction agent and the lessee thereunder (the “ Construction  Agent ”  or the “Lessee 
”),  NVIDIA Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the “ Parent ”),  and the various other entities which are parties thereto from time totime,
 as the guarantors thereunder (the Parent and such other entities, collectively, the “ Guarantors ”),  Wachovia Service Corporation, as thelessor
 thereunder (the “ Lessor ”),  the various banks and other lending institutions which are parties thereto from time to time, as the creditlenders
 thereunder (collectively, the “ Credit  Lenders ”),  the various banks and other lending institutions which are parties thereto from timeto
 time, as the mortgage lenders thereunder (collectively, the “ Mortgage  Lenders ”),  and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as theagent
 for the Credit Lenders and the Mortgage Lenders and respecting the Security Documents, as the agent for the Secured Parties, to theextent
 of their interests (the “ Agent ”).  Capitalized terms used herein but not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings set forththerefor in the Participation Agreement.
The
 undersigned hereby certifies as of the date hereof that he is the [Chief Financial Officer/Vice President, Finance] of the Parent,and that, as such, he is authorized to execute and deliver this Compliance Certificate to the Agent on the behalf of the Credit Parties, and that:
[Use following paragraph 1 for fiscal 
year ‑‑end financial statements]1.
    The year‑ end audited consolidated financial statements required by Section  8.3A(a)(i) of  the Participation Agreement for theFiscal
 Year  ended  as  of  the  statement  date  indicated  above  of  the  Parent  and  its  Subsidiaries,  together  with  the  report  and  opinion  of  anindependent
 certified public accountant required by such section, have been delivered to the Agent or filed such reports on its website atwww.nvidia.com
 or when such reports are posted on the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov. Such consolidated financial statements (a) wereprepared in accordance with GAAP and, if applicable, disclose the effect on the financial position or results of operations of any change in the
application of accounting principles and practices during such Fiscal Year and (b) are fairly stated in all material respects.
[Use following paragraph 1 for fiscal 
quarter ‑‑end financial statements]Exhibits and Schedules - 33
1.    The unaudited consolidated financial statements required by Section  8.3A(a)(ii) of  the Participation Agreement for the FiscalQuarter
 ended  as  of  the  statement  date  indicated  above  of  the  Parent  and  its  Subsidiaries  have  been  delivered  to  the  Agent  or  filed  suchreports
 on its website at www.nvidia.com or when such reports are posted on the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov. Such financial statementsfairly present
 in all material respects the financial condition and results of operations of the Parent and its Subsidiaries, as at such date and forsuch
 fiscal period, in accordance with GAAP and, if applicable, disclose the effect on the financial position or results of operations of anychange
 in the application of accounting principles and practices during such fiscal year, subject only to normal year-end audit adjustmentsand the absence of footnotes.
2.
    The undersigned has reviewed and is familiar with the terms of the Participation Agreement and has made, or has caused to bemade
 under  his  supervision,  a  review  in  reasonable  detail  of  the  transactions  and  condition  (financial  or  otherwise)  of  the  Parent  and  itsSubsidiaries during the fiscal period covered by the attached financial statements (the “ 
Fiscal Period ”). 3.
    A review of the activities of the Credit Parties and their Subsidiaries and Affiliates during the Fiscal Period has been made underthe supervision of the undersigned
 with a view to determining whether during such fiscal period the Credit Parties performed and observed alltheir Obligations under the Operative Agreements, and
[select one:]
[to the best knowledge of the undersigned, no Lease Default or Lease Event of Default has occurred and is continuing.]
‑‑
‑‑or‑‑‑‑[to
 the best knowledge of the undersigned, the following is a list of each Lease Default and Lease Event of Default that hasoccurred and is continuing and its nature and status:]
4
.     Attached  hereto  as Schedule  1 are  calculations  demonstrating  compliance  with  the  financial  covenants  set  forth  in Section 8.3B(n) 
of the Participation Agreement as of the end of the Fiscal Period. [remainder of page intentionally left blank]
Exhibits and Schedules - 34
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has executed this Compliance Certificate as of _____.NVIDIA CORPORATION
By: 
                        Name: 
                        Title: 
                        Exhibits and Schedules - 35
Schedule 1 to Compliance CertificateFinancial Covenant Calculations
I.
Section 8.3B(n)(i)  – Leverage Ratio.  
    
A.Consolidated Total Indebtedness of the Parent and its Subsidiaries on a Consolidated basis as of the Statement Date:
  
     
 1. All obligations for borrowed money: $______  
     
 2.All obligations evidenced by bonds, debentures, notes or similar instruments: $______
 
     
 3.All  obligations  in  respect  of  the  deferred  purchase  price  of  property  or  services(excluding current accounts payable incurred in the ordinary course of business):
$______
 
     
 4. All Capital Lease Obligations: $______  
     
 5.Consolidated  Total  Indebtedness  (sum,  without  duplication,  of  Lines  I.A.1,  2,  3and 4):
$______  
     
B.Consolidated net income or loss of the Parent and its Subsidiaries for the period ended as of the Statement Date:
$______  
     
C.Consolidated  EBITDA  of  the  Parent  and  its  Subsidiaries  determined  on  a  Consolidatedbasis, without duplication, for the period ended as of the Statement Date:
  
     
 1.Consolidated  net income or loss of the Parent and its Subsidiaries for the periodended as of the Statement Date (from Line I.B above):
$______
 
     
 2.To  the  extent  deducted  in  determining  Consolidated  net  income  for  the  periodended as of the Statement Date, consolidated interest expense:
$______
 
     
 3.To  the  extent  deducted  in  determining  Consolidated  net  income  for  the  periodended as of the Statement Date, consolidated income tax:
$______
 
     
 4.To  the  extent  deducted  in  determining  Consolidated  net  income  for  the  periodended
 as  of  the  Statement  Date,  all  amounts  attributable  to  amortization  anddepreciation:
$______  
    Exhibits and Schedules - 36
  5.To  the  extent  deducted  in  determining  Consolidated  net  income  for  the  periodended
 as  of  the  Statement  Date,  any  extraordinary  or  non-recurring  non-cashcharges (it being agreed that non-recurring non-cash charges (A) will be deemed to
include
 non-cash restructuring charges and non-cash goodwill and intangible assetimpairments
 charges, but (B) will be deemed to exclude any reserve or accrual forany future cash expenditure other than legal settlements or judgments):
$______
 
     
 6.To  the  extent  deducted  in  determining  Consolidated  net  income  for  the  periodended as of the Statement Date, stock-based employee compensation expense:
$______
 
     
 7.To  the  extent  deducted  in  determining  Consolidated  net  income  for  the  periodended as of the Statement Date, losses from sales and dispositions of assets outside
the ordinary course of business:
$______  
     
 8.To  the  extent  deducted  in  determining  Consolidated  net  income  for  the  periodended as of the Statement Date, restructuring charges:
$______
 
     
 9.To  the  extent  deducted  in  determining  Consolidated  net  income  for  the  periodended
 as  of  the  Statement  Date,  charges  arising  from  legal  settlements  andjudgments:
$______  
     
 10.To  the  extent  included  in  determining  Consolidated  net  income  for  the  periodended
 as of the Statement Date, any extraordinary or non-recurring gains for suchperiod (excluding any
 reversal or reduction of any reserve or accrual for any futurecash expenditure):
$______
 
     
 11.To the extent included in determining Consolidated net income for the period ended as of the Statement Date, gains from sales or dispositions of assets outside
the ordinary course of business:
$______
 
     
 12.Consolidated  EBITDA (Line I.C.1 + Line I.C.2 + Line 1.C.3 + Line I.C.4 + LineI.C.5
 +  Line  I.C.6  +  Line  I.C.7  +  Line  I.C.8  +  Line  I.C.9  –  Line  I.C.10  –  LineI.C.11):
$______  
D. Leverage Ratio (Line I.A.5 ÷  Line I.C.12):____ to 1.0  
     
 Maximum Leverage Ratio Permitted: 3.50 to 1.0  
     
 In compliance: Yes/No Exhibits and Schedules - 37
SCHEDULE I: LESSOR COMMITMENTLESSOR 
                                 COMMITTED AMOUNT Wachovia Service Corporation                                $19,000,000.00
Exhibits and Schedules - 38
Schedule 6.1A(b): SubsidiariesPARENT
NVIDIA Corporation
MATERIAL DOMESTIC SUBSIDIAR
IESNVIDIA Land Development, LLC
NVIDIA International Holdings Inc.
NVIDIA Lease Holdings, LLC
DOMESTIC SUBSIDIARIES
JAH Venture Holdings, Inc.
LPN Facilitator LLC
Icera LLC
Icera Semiconductor, LLC
FOREIGN SUBSIDIARIES
NVIDIA Technology UK Limited
NVIDIA Helsinki Oy
NVIDIA Development UK Limited
NVIDIA Development France SAS
Icera Canada ULC
NVIDIA Brasil Computação Visual Limitada
NVIDIA Dutch B.V.
NVIDIA FZ-LLC
NVIDIA Italy S.r.l.
NVIDIA ARC GmbH
AGEIA Technologies Switzerland AG
NVIDIA Development, Inc.
VC Worldwide Ltd.
NVIDIA Pty Limited
NVIDIA GmbH
NVIDIA Semiconductor Technology (Shanghai) Co., Ltd.
NVIDIA Ltd.
NVIDIA International, Inc.
NVIDIA Semiconductor 
  Holding CompanyNVIDIA BVI Holdings Ltd
NVIDIA Graphics Holding Company
NVIDIA Graphics Private Limited
NVIDIA Singapore Pte Ltd
NVIDIA Semiconductor Technical Servi
ce (Shanghai) Co., Ltd.NVIDIA Hong Kong Development Limited
NVIDIA Semiconductor Shenzhen Holding Co.
NVIDIA GK
NVIDIA Semiconductor (Shenzhen) Co. Ltd.
NVIDIA Hong Kong Holdings Limited
NVIDIA Singapore Development Pte. Ltd.
NVIDIA Semiconductor R&D (Tianjin) Co., Ltd.
Exhibits and Schedules - 39
Exhibits and Schedules - 40Schedule 8.3B(a)(i): Existing IndebtednessInclusion
 of items on this schedule does not imply or indicate that any such item constitutes Indebtedness or that such item is restricted bySection 8.3B(a).
1.
Obligations (as defined in Appendix A to the Participation Agreement) of the Credit Parties. Exhibits and Schedules - 41
EXHIBIT 21.1LIST OF REGISTRANT'S
 SUBSIDIARIESSubsidiaries of Registrant (All 100% owned)
Country of Organization  
 Icera LLC
United States Icera Semiconductor LLC
United States JAH Venture Holdings, Inc.
United States LPN Facilitator LLC
United States NVIDIA (BVI) Holdings Limited
Virgin Islands, British NVIDIA ARC GmbH
Germany NVIDIA Brasil Computação Visual Limitada
Brazil NVIDIA Development France SAS
France NVIDIA Development UK Limited
England and Wales NVIDIA Development, Inc.
Canada NVIDIA Dutch B.V.
Netherlands NVIDIA Entertainment Devices (Shangha
i) Co., LtdChina NVIDIA FZ-LLC
United Arab Emirates NVIDIA GK
Japan NVIDIA Global Ltd
Virgin Islands, British NVIDIA GmbH
Germany NVIDIA Graphics Holding Company
Mauritius NVIDIA Graphics Private Limited
India NVIDIA Helsinki Oy
Finland NVIDIA Hong Kong Development Limited
Hong Kong NVIDIA Hong Kong Holdings Limited
Hong Kong NVIDIA International Holdings Inc.
United States NVIDIA International, Inc.
Cayman Islands NVIDIA Italy S.r.l.
Italy NVIDIA Land Development, LLC
United States NVIDIA Lease Holdings LLC
United States NVIDIA Ltd.
England and Wales NVIDIA Pty Limited
Australia NVIDIA Semiconductor (Shenzhen) Co., Ltd.
China NVIDIA Semiconductor Holding Company
Mauritius NVIDIA Semiconductor R&D (Tianjin) Co., Ltd.
China NVIDIA Semiconductor Shenzhen Holding Company
Mauritius NVIDIA Semiconductor Technical Servi
ce (Shanghai) Co., Ltd.China NVIDIA Semiconductor Technology (Shanghai) Co., Ltd.
China NVIDIA Singapore Development Pte. Ltd.
Singapore NVIDIA Singapore Pte Ltd
Singapore NVIDIA Switzerland AG
Switzerland NVIDIA Technology UK Limited
England and Wales N.V.D. Israel Ltd.
Israel VC Worldwide Ltd.
Virgin Islands, British EXHIBIT 23.1CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REG
ISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRMWe
 hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-3 (No. 333-213516) and S‑ 8 (Nos. 333-74905, 333-51520, 333-74868,
 333-100010, 333-106191, 333-114375, 333-123933, 333-132493, 333-140021, 333-143953, 333-181625, 333-185036, 333-188775, 333-196259 and 333-211615)
 of  NVIDIA  Corporation  of  our  report dated  March  1,  2017  relating  to  the  financial  statements,  financial  statement  schedule and  the  effectiveness  ofinternal control over 
financial reporting, which appears in this Form 10‑ K.   
/s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP  
San Jose, California
March 1, 2017
  EXHIBIT 31.1CERTIFICATION
 
I, Jen-Hsun Huang, certify that:
 
1.  I have reviewed this Annual Report on For
m 10-K of NVIDIA Corporation;2.
  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statementsmade, in light of the ci
rcumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
3.
  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financialcondition, results of opera
tions and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
4.
  The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange ActRules
 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant andhave:  
(a)
 designed  such  disclosure  controls  and  procedures,  or  caused  such  disclosure  controls  and  procedures  to  be  designed  under  our  supervision,  to  ensure  thatmaterial
 information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during theperiod in which this report is b
eing prepared;(b)
 designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to providereasonable
 assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generallyaccepted accounting pr
inciples;(c)
 evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of thedisclosure controls and proc
edures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and(d)
 disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (theregistrant's
 fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internalcontrol over financia
l reporting; and5.
  The  registrant's  other  certifying  officer(s)  and  I  have  disclosed,  based  on  our  most  recent  evaluation  of  internal  control  over  financial  reporting,  to  theregistrant's auditors and 
the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):  (a)
 all  significant  deficiencies  and  material  weaknesses  in  the  design  or  operation  of  internal  control  over  financial  reporting  which  are  reasonably  likely  toadversely affect the registrant'
s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and(b)
 any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financialreporting.
Date:   
March 1, 2017  
 
/s/ JEN-HSUN HUANG
Jen-Hsun Huang        
President and Chief Executive Of
ficer EXHIBIT 31.2 
CERTIFICATION
 
I, Colette M. Kress, certify 
that:1.  I have reviewed this Annual Report on For
m 10-K of NVIDIA Corporation; 
2.
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statementsmade, in light of the ci
rcumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
3.
  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financialcondition, results of opera
tions and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
4.
  The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange ActRules
 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant andhave:  
(a)
 designed  such  disclosure  controls  and  procedures,  or  caused  such  disclosure  controls  and  procedures  to  be  designed  under  our  supervision,  to  ensure  thatmaterial
 information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during theperiod in which this report is b
eing prepared;(b)
 designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to providereasonable
 assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generallyaccepted accounting pr
inciples;(c)
 evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of thedisclosure controls and proc
edures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and(d)
 disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (theregistrant's
 fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internalcontrol over financia
l reporting; and5.
  The  registrant's  other  certifying  officer(s)  and  I  have  disclosed,  based  on  our  most  recent  evaluation  of  internal  control  over  financial  reporting,  to  theregistrant's auditors and 
the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
(a)
 all  significant  deficiencies  and  material  weaknesses  in  the  design  or  operation  of  internal  control  over  financial  reporting  which  are  reasonably  likely  toadversely affect the registrant'
s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and(b)
 any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financialreporting.
 Date:   
March 1, 2017  
/s/ COLETTE M. KRESS 
Colette M. Kress
Executive Vice President and Chi
ef Financial OfficerEXHIBIT 32.1 
CERTIFICATION 
 
Pursuant
 to  the  requirement  set  forth  in  Rule  13a-14(b)  of  the  Securities  Exchange  Act  of  1934,  as  amended  (the  “Exchange  Act”),  and  Section  1350  ofChapter
 63 of Title 18 of the United States Code (18 U.S.C. § 1350), Jen-Hsun Huang, the President and Chief Executive Officer of NVIDIA Corporation (the“Company”), hereby certi
fies that, to the best of his knowledge:1.
  The  Company's  Annual  Report  on  Form  10-K  for  the  year  ended January  29,  2017 ,  to  which  this  Certification  is  attached  as  Exhibit  32.1  (the  “PeriodicReport”), fully complies wi
th the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act; and2.  The information contained in the Periodic Report fairly present
s, in all material respects, the financial condition of the Company at the end of the period coveredby the Periodic Report and resul
ts of operations of the Company for the period covered by the Periodic Report.Date:   
March 1, 2017  
 
/s/ JEN-HSUN HUANG
Jen-Hsun Huang    
President and Chief Executive Of
ficer 
 
A
 signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 of 18 U.S.C. § 1350 has been provided to NVIDIA Corporation and will be retained byNVIDIA Corporation and furnished to the Secur
ities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.  
This
 certification  accompanies  the  Form  10-K  to  which  it  relates,  is  not  deemed  filed  with  the  Securities  and  Exchange  Commission  and  is  not  to  beincorporated by refer
ence into any filing of the Company under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act (whether made before or after the dateof the Form 10-K), irrespect
ive of any general incorporation language contained in such filing.EXHIBIT 32.2 
CERTIFICATION
 
Pursuant
 to  the  requirement  set  forth  in  Rule  13a-14(b)  of  the  Securities  Exchange  Act  of  1934,  as  amended  (the  “Exchange  Act”),  and  Section  1350  ofChapter
 63  of  Title  18  of  the  United  States  Code  (18  U.S.C.  §  1350),  Colette  M.  Kress,  Executive  Vice  President  and  Chief  Financial  Officer  of  NVIDIACorporation (the “Company”), he
reby certifies that, to the best of her knowledge:1.
 The  Company's  Annual  Report  on  Form  10-K  for  the  year  ended January  29,  2017 ,  to  which  this  Certification  is  attached  as  Exhibit  32.2  (the  “PeriodicReport”), fully complies wi
th the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act; and2. The
 information contained in the Periodic Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition of the Company at the end of the period coveredby the Periodic Report and resul
ts of operations of the Company for the period covered by the Periodic Report.Date:   
March 1, 2017  
/s/ COLETTE M. KRESS 
Colette M. Kress
Executive Vice President and Chi
ef Financial Officer   
 
A
 signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 of 18 U.S.C. § 1350 has been provided to NVIDIA Corporation and will be retained byNVIDIA Corporation and furnished to the Secur
ities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.  
This
 certification  accompanies  the  Form  10-K  to  which  it  relates,  is  not  deemed  filed  with  the  Securities  and  Exchange  Commission  and  is  not  to  beincorporated by refer
ence into any filing of the Company under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act (whether made before or after the dateof the Form 10-K), irrespect
ive of any general incorporation language contained in such filing.