Table of Contents  
 
UNITED STATES  
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  
Washington, D.C. 20549  
________________  
FORM 10-K  
OR  
Commission file number: 0-23985  
   
    
NVIDIA CORPORATION  
(Exact name of registrant as specified in its chart er)  
2701 San Tomas Expressway  
Santa Clara, California 95050  
(408) 486-2000  
(Address, including zip code, and telephone number,  including area code, of principal executive office s)  
Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:  
Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:  
None  
Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well- known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of th e Securities Act.  
Yes /boxxmarkbld No /box3  
Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not req uired to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Sec tion 15(d) of the Act.  
Yes /box3 No /boxxmarkbld  
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) h as filed all reports required to be filed by Sectio n 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 193 4 during 
the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period  that the registrant was required to file such repo rts), and (2) has been subject to such filing requi rements for 
the past 90 days.  
Yes /boxxmarkbld No /box3  
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has s ubmitted electronically and posted on its corporate  Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File requ ired to 
be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Reg ulation S-T (§232.405 of this chapter) during the p receding 12 months (or for such shorter period that  the 
registrant was required to submit and post such fil es).  
Yes /boxxmarkbld No /box3  
Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K (§ 22 9.405 of this chapter) is not contained herein, and  will 
not be contained, to the best of registrant’s knowl edge, in definitive proxy or information statements  incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form  10-K or 
any amendment to this Form 10-K. /boxxmarkbld    
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a no n-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company . See 
definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelera ted filer” and “smaller reporting company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one):  
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act) .  
Yes /box3 No /boxxmarkbld    
 [x]  ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF TH E SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934  
   For the fiscal year ended January 27, 2013  
[_]  TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) O F THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934  
Delaware  94-3177549  
(State or other jurisdiction of  (I.R.S. Employer  
Incorporation or Organization)  Identification No.)  
Title of each class  Name of each exchange on which registered  
Common Stock, $0.001 par value per share  The NASDAQ Global Select Market  
Large accelerated filer                     Accelerated filer /box3                           
Non-accelerated filer /box3  (Do not check if a smaller reporting company)         Smaller reporting company /box3  Table of Contents  
 
The aggregate market value of the voting stock held  by non-affiliates of the registrant as of July 29,  2012 was approximately $7.98 billion (based on the  closing 
sales price of the registrant's common stock as rep orted by the NASDAQ Global Select Market on July 27 , 2012). This calculation excludes approximately 
27,504,545 shares held by directors and executive o fficers of the registrant. This calculation does no t exclude shares held by such organizations whose o wnership 
exceeds 5% of the registrant's outstanding common s tock that have represented to the registrant that t hey are registered investment advisers or investmen t 
companies registered under section 8 of the Investm ent Company Act of 1940.  
 
The number of shares of common stock outstanding as  of March 8, 2013 was 615,980,172.  
 
   
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE    
 
Portions of the registrant's Proxy Statement for it s 2013 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed w ith the Securities and Exchange Commission by pursu ant to 
Regulation 14A not later than 120 days after the en d of the fiscal year covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K are incorporated by reference into Par t III, 
Items 10-14 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.  
 
 
 Table of Contents  
 
NVIDIA CORPORATION  
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS  
 
 
3        Page  
      
PART I     
   
Item 1.     
Business    5 
   
Item 1A.     
Risk Factors    14 
   
Item 1B.     
Unresolved Staff Comments    29 
   
Item 2.     
Properties    29 
   
Item 3.     
Legal Proceedings    29 
   
Item 4.  Mine Safety Disclosures    32 
      
PART II    
   
Item 5.     
Market for Registrant ’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Is suer Purchases of Equity Securities    33 
   
Item 6.     
Selected Financial Data  37 
   
Item 7.     
Management ’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition an d Results of Operations    38 
   
Item 7A.     
Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Mark et Risk    56 
   
Item 8.     
Financial Statements and Supplementary Data    57 
   
Item 9.     
Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Ac counting and Financial Disclosure    57 
   
Item 9A.     
Controls and Procedures    57 
   
Item 9B.     
Other Information    58 
      
PART III    
   
Item 10.     
Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governa nce    59 
   
Item 11.     
Executive Compensation    59 
   
Item 12.     
Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and  Management and Related Stockholder Matters  59 
   
Item 13.     
Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and  Director Independence  60 
   
Item 14.     
Principal Accounting Fees and Services    60 
      
PART IV    
   
Item 15.     
Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules    61 
   
Signatures     
  110 Table of Contents  
 
Forward-Looking Statements  
 
This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward- looking statements within the meaning of Section 27 A of the Securities 
Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Sec urities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, which are  subject to the “safe harbor”
created by those sections. Forward- looking statements are based on our management's be liefs and assumptions and on information 
currently available to our management. In some case s, you can identify forward-looking statements by t erms such as “may,” “will,”
“should,” “could,” “goal,” “would,” “expect,” “plan ,” “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “project,” “predict,” “potential” and 
similar expressions intended to identify forward- looking statements. These statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties 
and other factors, which may cause our actual resul ts, performance, time frames or achievements to be materially different from any 
future results, performance, time frames or achieve ments expressed or implied by the forward -looking statements. We discuss many of 
these risks, uncertainties and other factors in thi s Annual Report on Form 10-K in greater detail unde r the heading “Risk Factors.”
Given these risks, uncertainties and other factors,  you should not place undue reliance on these forwa rd-looking statements. Also, 
these forward- looking statements represent our estimates and assu mptions only as of the date of this filing. You sho uld read this 
Annual Report on Form 10 -K completely and with the understanding that our ac tual future results may be materially different fro m 
what we expect. We hereby qualify our forward- looking statements by these cautionary statements. Except as required by law, we 
assume no obligation to update these forward- looking statements publicly, or to update the reaso ns actual results could differ 
materially from those anticipated in these forward- looking statements, even if new information becomes  available in the future.  
 
All references to “NVIDIA,” “we,” “us,” “our” or th e “Company” mean NVIDIA Corporation and its subsidiaries, excep t 
where it is made clear that the term means only the  parent company.  
 
 © 2013 NVIDIA Corporation. All rights reserved. NVIDI A, the NVIDIA logo, 3D Vision, CUDA, GeForce, NVIDI A Fermi, 
ICERA, Kepler, Maximus, Quadro, Tesla, Tegra, GRID and NVIDIA GRID are trademarks and/or registered tr ademarks of NVIDIA 
Corporation in the U.S. and other countries.  
 
 
4  Table of Contents  
 
PART I  
   
ITEM 1. BUSINESS  
 
 
Our Company  
NVIDIA is a visual computing company, connecting pe ople through the powerful medium of computer graphi cs. In a world increasingly filled 
with visual displays, our graphics technologies let  our customers interact with the world of digital i deas, information and entertainment with an 
efficiency that no other communication medium can p rovide. Visualization transcends cultural and langu age boundaries and enhances the quality of 
life whether the setting is work or pleasure and th e task is mission critical or for entertainment.  
We have long been known to millions around the worl d for creating the graphics chips used in PCs that bring video games to life. With our 
invention of the GPU, we introduced the world to th e power of programmable shading, which defines mode rn computer graphics. Today, we reach 
well beyond PC graphics and games. Our energy- efficient processors are at the heart of products r anging from mobile devices to supercomputers. 
PC gamers choose our GPUs by name to enjoy immersiv e fantasy worlds. Our Tegra processors power smartp hones, tablets and automobile 
infotainment systems. Professional designers use ou r GPUs to create visual effects in movies and desig n everything from audio headsets to 
commercial aircraft. And supercomputers take advant age of the massively parallel processing capabiliti es of our GPUs to accelerate a wide range of 
important applications, from simulations of viruses  at the molecular level, to modern weather forecast ing and global oil exploration.  
NVIDIA's research and development in visual computi ng has yielded more than 5,000 patents granted or p ending worldwide, and including 
ones covering inventions essential to modern comput ing.  
Our businesses are based on two important technolog ies: the GPU and the Tegra processor. GPUs, each wi th billions of transistors, are the 
engine of visual computing and among the world's mo st complex processors. We have GPU product brands d esigned for specific users and 
applications: GeForce for gamers; Quadro for design ers; Tesla for researchers; and GRID VGX for cloud- based server graphics modules. We 
recently announced the NVIDIA GRID visual computing  appliance, a fully integrated system with GRID VGX  graphics modules that run 
NVIDIA's proprietary system software. GRID is a fir st -of-its-kind device, designed to serve graphics- intensive applications from the cloud 
simultaneously to a large number of concurrent user s.  
The Tegra processor is a system-on-a-chip, or SOC, integrating an entire computer on a single chip. Te gra processors incorporate multi- core 
GPUs and CPUs together with audio, video and input/ output capabilities. They can also be integrated wi th baseband processors for phone and data 
communication. Unlike power-inefficient processors built for PCs, our Tegra SOC conserves power while delivering state-of-the- art graphics and 
multimedia processing. Tegra runs devices like smar tphones, tablets and PCs; it can also be embedded i nto smart devices, such as televisions, 
monitors, set- top boxes, gaming devices and cars. We recently ann ounced Project SHIELD, the first Android device des igned for gaming. Project 
SHIELD features our Tegra 4 processor, contains pro prietary NVIDIA- developed software and system technologies and leve rages our deep 
partnerships with game developers all over the worl d.  
Headquartered in Santa Clara, California, we were i ncorporated in California in April 1993 and reincor porated in Delaware in April 1998.  
 
5  Table of Contents  
 
Our Businesses  
Our two primary reporting segments are based on the  GPU and the Tegra processor. We sell our processor s to OEMs that build PCs, 
workstations, servers, smartphones and tablets. We target four market segments - Gaming, Enterprise, M obile and Cloud - where our deep expertise 
in visual computing allows us to create solutions a nd experiences for users.  
 
  
Businesses              Product Lines  
GPU                   
 
Tegra Processors  
 
6  
•  GeForce for consumer desktop and notebook PCs. GeForce GPUs  enhance the gaming experience on PCs 
by improving the visual quality of graphics through  complex visual fidelity effects, higher frame rate  for 
smoother gameplay and replicating the realistic beh avior of light and physical objects  
•  Quadro for professional workstations 
•  Tesla for supercomputing servers and workstations 
•  GRID Graphics Modules for industry- standard servers to accelerate virtual desktop infr astructure (VDI) 
from companies like Citrix and VMware; also for ser ver workstations  
•  GRID Systems for applications ranging from streaming games to ho sting graphics- intensive design 
applications such as Adobe, Autodesk and SolidWorks . GRID visual computing appliances -- a new class 
of computing systems designed to remotely serve gra phics-intensive applications from corporate networks 
or the cloud -- incorporate many GPU modules and run proprietary so ftware so they can serve many users 
simultaneously. Interactivity, high performance and  the ability to serve many concurrent users are GRI D's 
distinguishing characteristics  
•  Tegra processors are architected to deliver a superior vi sual and multimedia experience on tablets, 
smartphones and gaming devices while consuming mini mal power. The latest generation is Tegra 4, the 
world's fastest mobile processor on leading benchma rks, and the first quad- core A15 processor, with 72 
graphics cores (compared with Tegra 3's 12 cores). Tegra 4 was unveiled at the Consumer Electronics 
Show (CES) 2013 and we expect to begin shipping in the second quarter of fiscal year 2014  Table of Contents  
 
 
Our Markets  
For markets where visual computing is particularly important, we dedicate ourselves to creating differ entiated experiences that delight users. 
Visual computing is pervasive and customers include  gamers, enterprises, and tablet and mobile phone u sers. We consistently build the industry's 
best processors and system software for the segment s on which we focus. We work hard to connect all th e dots between our hardware and software 
offerings, as well as partner applications, to prov ide customers with complete solutions.  
Gaming  
Consumers today can watch movies, read books or lis ten to music on many kinds of devices. Their conten t is either stored and enjoyed on their 
devices, or stored in the cloud and streamed to the ir devices, whether PC, Mac, phone, connected TV or  tablet. When consumers put down one 
device and pick up another, they expect to pick up where they left off in a consistent, seamless exper ience. Our goal is to deliver this same end-to-
end experience for gaming, which is the largest mar ket in consumer entertainment.  
We focus on open platforms - PCs, mobile devices and, recently, the cloud. We bu ild processors to deliver the best graphics for a g reat gaming 
experience, sophisticated 3D software and algorithm s that are incorporated into games, and a new visua l computing appliance that allows games to 
be played remotely from the cloud. By developing on  our platforms, developers can achieve the broadest  reach - on PC, Mac, phone, connected TV 
or tablet - which provides gamers with enjoyment an d flexibility.  
Our products for the gaming market include: GeForce  GTX GPUs for PC gaming; Tegra processors for mobil e devices; the GRID visual 
computing appliance, which streams games from the c loud to connected devices; and Project SHIELD, whic h we announced at CES 2013 and 
expect to ship in the second quarter of fiscal year  2014. These products can be enjoyed independently or in conjunction with each other to connect 
the gaming experience across platforms. For example , gamers can use Project SHIELD to play Android gam es or stream games from a PC with a 
GeForce processor; or, they can stream games from a  GRID gaming server to their PC or TV.  
Enterprise  
Our enterprise strategy is to serve as our customer s' most trusted graphics partner, working closely w ith independent software vendors to optimize 
their offerings for NVIDIA GPUs, and delivering end -to-end visual computing solutions for targeted vis ual-computing- intensive applications. Our 
visual computing solutions enhance productivity for  critical parts of the workflow of major industries , ranging from automotive, to film and 
television broadcast, to oil and gas.  
Visual computing is vital to productivity in many l arge and important industries:  
 
 
7  •  Icera baseband processors and radio frequency (RF) transc eivers for mobile connectivity 
•  Integrated chip solutions that combine the Tegra applications processor and t he Icera baseband processor 
•  Project SHIELD , an Android gaming device featuring our Tegra 4 pr ocessor, optimized to help users 
enjoy digital content in the cloud. There are Andro id phones, Android book readers and Android notepad s 
with pens. Project SHIELD is for gaming and designe d to let gamers play the way they want - untethered, 
open and connected to the cloud  
•  Tegra VCM, Tegra-based vehicle computing modules that integrate an e ntire automotive computer into a 
single component. These drive the computing needs o f modern connected cars, enabling sophisticated 
navigation and infotainment systems, as well as nex t-generation safety and driver-assistance systems  
•  Embedded computing platforms for a variety of digital consumer devices, such as TVs and smart 
monitors  
•  Design and Manufacturing - including architectural design, consumer- products manufacturing, medical instrumentation, an d science 
& aerospace  
•  Media and Entertainment - including special effects for movies and television , advertising, and virtual sets for broadcast 
•  High Performance Computing - aerospace simulation, molecular dynamics and bio- science simulations of viruses, oil & gas 
exploration  
•  Virtual Desktop Infrastructure (VDI) - professional applications for design, enterprise ap plications for power and productivity users 
in the workplace, working on such devices as tablet s and notebook PCs       Table of Contents  
 
NVIDIA products for the enterprise market include Q uadro GPUs for workstations, Tesla GPUs for high pe rformance computing servers, and 
GRID server graphics for enterprise VDI application s.  
NVIDIA Quadro GPUs enhance the productivity of desi gners by improving performance and adding critical functionality, such as 
photorealistic rendering for computer- aided design workstations. They are used in profess ional video editing to generate special effects in movies 
and to create virtual sets for broadcast. The recog nized standard for professional graphics, Quadro pr oducts are the reference platform for virtually 
all major design and content-creation software deve loped for professional workstations.  
Tesla applies the parallel-processing capability of  GPUs to general- purpose computing problems, greatly increasing perf ormance and power 
efficiency over CPU-only solutions. Tesla-based ser vers and supercomputers increase the speed of appli cations used in bio- science research, 
mechanical and fluid simulations, energy exploratio n and computational finance.  
GRID, a first-of-its-kind technology introduced thi s year, makes it possible to run graphics- intensive applications remotely on a server in the 
datacenter, instead of locally on a PC or workstati on. It enables pixels to be processed, compressed a nd streamed so quickly that it appears that 
work is being done by a powerful computer adjacent to the viewing screen. As the processing- intensive application resides in the server and onl y 
the final image is streamed, complex applications c an now be accessed from virtually any computing dev ice. Designers, sales and marketing 
professionals can click on an icon and run a profes sional application from a PC, Mac, iPad or Android tablet. NVIDIA offers GRID graphics 
modules and software that OEMs can include in their  standard servers.  
Mobile  
Mobile computing devices in various form factors ar e expected to continue to drive the user experience . According to Strategy Analytics, more 
than 800 million smartphones and 180 million tablet s are expected to ship in 2013, approaching the num ber of laptop PCs sold.  
The foundation of our mobile computing strategy is the Tegra processor, which harnesses our expertise in computer chip, software and system 
design, while leveraging our world- leading expertise in visual computing. In just a fe w short years, we have established a presence in th e industry 
and have achieved many industry firsts:  
 
Our strategy is to innovate faster than the competi tion, introducing new features and capabilities to differentiate the user experience. In doing 
so, we leverage our PC proficiency and harness indu stry trends that we believe favor NVIDIA's core gra phics expertise.  
The mobile market is more than smartphones to us. T he combination of Tegra and our significant computi ng software assets enables us to 
address the many new markets for connected smart de vices. For example, 60 million cars are sold each y ear, and all, we believe, will eventually 
include multiple Tegra- like computers that augment our driving experience.  They will ensure our safety and the safety of thos e around us, search 
and navigate to destinations through heads- up displays, and enhance our comfort and enjoyment.  Cars will be connected to our mobile devices. 
They may someday drive themselves out of parking ga rages to meet their owners, with the seat and tempe rature already set to their liking.  
Increasingly, devices will be smarter and connected . There will be smart TVs that respond to voice and  gesture commands, smart monitors 
powered by Android making a PC optional, watches an d jewelry that recognize voice commands and make ca lls. Our mobile strategy is to put 
Tegra into every device where visual computing is v alued.  
Cloud  
The computer industry has gone through several majo r industry shifts - from client- servers, to PCs, to mobile devices connected to the  Internet. 
But none appear to be as sweeping as cloud computin g, in which computing devices are connected to the cloud and applications are served as a 
service.  
By extending visual computing into the cloud, NVIDI A is expanding the application of the GPU beyond th e PC into the server and datacenter. 
Virtualizing the GPU enables it to be shared by man y concurrent users. And we have created technologie s that allow the rendered image to be 
quickly compressed and streamed to a distant comput er.  
 
8  •  Tegra 2 - the first dual- core mobile processor 
•  Tegra 3 - the first quad- core mobile processor 
•  Tegra 4 - the first mobile processor with comput ational photography capabilities, making possible f or the first time single- shot high 
dynamic range (HDR) photos, HDR panoramic shots and  continuous object tracking and focus  
•  Icera - the first software- defined radio modem to achieve LTE 
•  Tegra was also the first processor used in a Google  Honeycomb Android tablet and in a Microsoft Window s RT PC Table of Contents  
 
NVIDIA's GRID visual computing appliance is a first  of its kind, designed to let users interact remote ly with graphics- intensive applications 
for entertainment and business. By making graphics applications available on a network or in the cloud , we aim to expand the GPU's addressable 
market to virtually any connected display. GRID is designed to stream a graphics application the way N etflix streams a movie. It will enable Adobe 
Photoshop to be run remotely and interacted with as  if the application were on the PC. GRID is a compu ting appliance for many users to share 
graphics processing, much the same way that a route r is a computing appliance designed for networking.   
Initial target markets of the NVIDIA GRID appliance  are cloud gaming and software-as-a-service (SaaS) hosting of graphics- intensive 
applications. For cloud gaming, we are partnering w ith cloud gaming middleware providers around the wo rld, who in turn work with large service 
and media providers. For hosting graphics-intensive  design applications, including Autodesk, Adobe and  SolidWorks, we are partnering with value-
added resellers specialized in serving the computin g needs of designers and artists.  
Our Strategies  
Extend Technology Leadership in Visual Computing. We believe that visual computing is fundamental to the continued expansion of 
computing and essential to new computing experience s that define the future of computing. We apply wor ld-leading expertise in these areas to 
enhance the user experience for consumer entertainm ent and professional visualization applications. We  focus our significant R&D depth and scale 
to extend our visual computing leadership.  
Enable and Deliver the World's Best Gaming Experien ces . By focusing on open platforms and end-to- end experiences, we aim to bring the 
highest fidelity and quality to any gaming device. With a broad portfolio of products and technologies  optimized for gamers -  GPUs and software, 
mobile systems-on-a-chip, value- added solutions such as GeForce Experience and Tegr aZone, differentiated devices like Project SHIELD, and 
technologies and appliances for high-quality stream ing in GRID -  NVIDIA is committed to ensuring that gaming on our  platforms is delightful and 
exciting.  
Revolutionize Computing with the Parallel Processin g Capability of the GPU. NVIDIA CUDA is a general purpose parallel computing  
architecture that leverages the thousands of massiv ely parallel processors inside an NVIDIA GPU to sol ve many complex computational problems 
in a fraction of the time required by a CPU. We wor k with developers worldwide who write application p rograms for the CUDA architecture using 
various high- level programming languages. Developers are able to  accelerate algorithms in areas ranging from molecu lar dynamics to image 
processing, X- ray image reconstruction and derivatives modeling f or financial risk analysis. We believe the work we are doing around GPU 
computing is an important step to the future of how  computing will be done.   
Extend our Visual Computing Leadership into Mobile and Cloud Computing Platforms. Mobile, cloud and SaaS are driving changes in the 
computer industry. Although a great challenge to ma ke possible due to the significant computational in tensity of graphics, we believe visual 
computing will be a key component in this new compu ting paradigm. As with books and music, we want to enable interactive graphics applications 
like games, movie and photo editors, and design sof tware to be accessed from any computer and from any where.  
Leverage our Processors and Visual Computing Expert ise to Create Differentiated Devices. We recently announced Project SHIELD, an 
NVIDIA developed and branded Android device designe d for gaming and featuring our latest processor Teg ra 4. We believe Project SHIELD will 
attract modern gamers who want to play on open plat forms and untethered to the living room. We believe  Project SHIELD will also enhance the 
strategic position of Tegra. We believe Project SHI ELD will attract more games to TegraZone, which wil l in turn make every Tegra- powered 
device more enjoyable. Just as Project SHIELD is a device built around Tegra, we leveraged our GPU to create a first-of-its- kind visual computing 
appliance called GRID. Leveraging our GPU and visua l computing expertise, the NVIDIA GRID is a visual computing appliance designed to serve 
graphics-intensive applications to many users simul taneously.  
Use Our Intellectual Property and Resources to Ente r into License and Development Contracts. We believe our technology leadership in 
graphics and mobile computing offers the opportunit y to license our technology to strategic customers that desire to build such capabilities directly 
into their own products. We expect to enter into li cense and development arrangements, some of which m ay involve significant customization of 
our intellectual property components and further en hance the reach of our graphics and mobile technolo gy.  
 
9  Table of Contents  
 
Sales and Marketing  
Our worldwide sales and marketing strategy is key t o our objective to become the leading supplier of h igh-performance and efficient GPUs and 
mobile system-on- chip products. Our sales and marketing teams work c losely with each industry's respective OEMs, origin al design manufacturers, 
or ODMs, system builders, motherboard manufacturers , add-in board manufacturers, or AIBs, and industry trend setters, collectively referred to as 
our Channel, to define product features, performanc e, price and timing of new products. Members of our  sales team have a high level of technical 
expertise and product and industry knowledge to sup port the competitive and complex design win process . We also employ a highly skilled team of 
application engineers to assist our Channel in desi gning, testing and qualifying system designs that i ncorporate our products. We believe that the 
depth and quality of our design support are keys to  improving our Channel's time-to- market, maintaining a high level of customer satisf action 
within our Channel and fostering relationships that  encourage customers to use the next generation of our products.  
   
In the markets we serve that purchase our GPUs, the  sales process involves achieving key design wins w ith leading OEMs and major system 
builders and supporting the product design into hig h volume production with key ODMs, motherboard manu facturers and AIBs. These design wins 
in turn influence the retail and system builder cha nnel that is serviced by AIB and motherboard manufa cturers. Our distribution strategy is to work 
with a number of leading independent contract equip ment manufacturers, or CEMs, ODMs, motherboard manu facturers, AIBs and distributors, 
each of which have relationships with a broad range  of major OEMs and/or strong brand name recognition  in the retail channel. Currently, we sell a 
significant portion of our processors directly to d istributors, CEMs, ODMs, motherboard manufacturers and AIBs, which then sell boards and 
systems with our products to leading OEMs, retail o utlets and a large number of system builders. In th e Tegra Processor segment that we serve, the 
sales process primarily involves achieving key desi gn wins directly with the leading mobile OEMs and s upporting the product design into high-
volume production.  
   
As a result of our Channel strategy, a small number  of our customers represent the majority of our rev enue. However, their end customers 
consist of a large number of OEMs and system builde rs throughout the world.  Sales to our largest cust omer accounted for 13% of our total revenue 
for fiscal year 2013 .  
   
To encourage software title developers and publishe rs to develop games optimized for platforms utilizi ng our products, we seek to establish 
and maintain strong relationships in the software d evelopment community. Engineering and marketing per sonnel interact with and visit key 
software developers to promote and discuss our prod ucts, as well as to ascertain product requirements and solve technical problems. Our developer 
program makes certain that our products are availab le to developers prior to volume availability in or der to encourage the development of software 
titles that are optimized for our products.  
 
Backlog  
   
Our sales are primarily made pursuant to standard p urchase orders. The quantity of products purchased by our customers as well as our 
shipment schedules are subject to revisions that re flect changes in both the customers' requirements a nd in manufacturing availability. The 
semiconductor industry is characterized by short le ad time orders and quick delivery schedules. In lig ht of industry practice and experience, we 
believe that only a small portion of our backlog is  non-cancelable and that the dollar amount associat ed with the non- cancelable portion is not 
significant.  
 
Seasonality  
 
Our industry is largely focused on the consumer pro ducts market. Historically, we have seen stronger r evenue in the second half of our fiscal 
year than in the first half of our fiscal year, pri marily due to back-to- school and holiday demand. However, there can be no  assurance that this trend 
will continue.  
   
Manufacturing  
   
We do not directly manufacture semiconductor wafers  used for our products. Instead, we utilize what is  known as a fabless manufacturing 
strategy for all of our product-line operating segm ents whereby we employ world- class suppliers for all phases of the manufacturing  process, 
including wafer fabrication, assembly, testing and packaging. This strategy uses the expertise of indu stry-leading suppliers that are certified by the 
International Organization for Standardization in s uch areas as fabrication, assembly, quality control  and assurance, reliability and testing. In 
addition, this strategy allows us to avoid many of the significant costs and risks associated with own ing and operating manufacturing operations. 
Our suppliers are also responsible for procurement of most of the raw materials used in the production  of our products. As a result, we can focus our 
resources on product design, additional quality ass urance, marketing and customer support.  
 
10  Table of Contents  
 
We utilize industry- leading suppliers, such as Taiwan Semiconductor Man ufacturing Company Limited, to produce our semicond uctor wafers. 
We then utilize independent subcontractors, such as  Advanced Semiconductor Engineering, Inc., JSI Logi stics Ltd., King Yuan Electronics Co., 
Ltd., Siliconware Precision Industries Company Ltd.  and STATS ChipPAC Incorporated to perform assembly , testing and packaging of most of our 
products. We purchase substrates from Nanya Technol ogy Corporation, IbidenCo., Ltd. and Unimicron Tech nology Corporation.  
We typically receive semiconductor products from ou r subcontractors, perform incoming quality assuranc e and then ship the semiconductors to 
CEMs, distributors, motherboard and AIB customers f rom our third- party warehouse in Hong Kong. Generally, these manu facturers assemble and 
test the boards based on our design kit and test sp ecifications, and then ship our products to retaile rs, system builders or OEMs as motherboard and 
add-in board solutions.  
Inventory and Working Capital  
   
We focus considerable attention on managing our inv entories and other working-capital- related items. We manage inventories by 
communicating with our customers and then using our  industry experience to forecast demand on a produc t-by-product basis. We then place 
manufacturing orders for our products that are base d on forecasted demand. The quantity of products ac tually purchased by our customers as well 
as shipment schedules are subject to revisions that  reflect changes in both the customers' requirement s and in manufacturing availability. We 
generally maintain substantial inventories of our p roducts because the semiconductor industry is chara cterized by short lead time orders and quick 
delivery schedules.  
   
Our existing cash and marketable securities balance s increased by 19.1% at the end of fiscal year 2013  compared with the end of fiscal year 
2012 . We believe that these balances and our anticipate d cash flows from operations will be sufficient to meet our operating, acquisition and 
capital requirements for at least the next twelve m onths.  
 
Research and Development  
   
We believe that the continued introduction of new a nd enhanced products designed to deliver leading vi sual computing technology including 
3D graphics, HD video, audio, ultra- low power consumption and SOC architectures is esse ntial to our future success. Our research and 
development strategy is to focus on concurrently de veloping multiple generations of GPUs and Tegra Pro cessors, including GPUs for high-
performance computing, and Tegra SOCs for Project S HIELD and other mobile products using independent d esign teams. Our research and 
development efforts are performed within specialize d groups consisting of software engineering, hardwa re engineering, very large scale integration 
design engineering, process engineering, architectu re and algorithms. These groups act as a pipeline d esigned to allow the efficient simultaneous 
development of multiple generations of products.  
   
A critical component of our product development eff ort is our partnerships with leaders in the compute r-aided design industry. We invest 
significant resources in the development of relatio nships with industry leaders, often assisting these  companies in the product definition of their new 
products. We believe that forming these relationshi ps and utilizing next- generation development tools to design, simulate an d verify our products 
will help us remain at the forefront of the 3D grap hics market and develop products that utilize leadi ng-edge technology on a rapid basis. We 
believe this approach assists us in meeting the new  design schedules of PC OEMs and other manufacturer s.  
   
As of January 27, 2013 , we had 5,783 full-time emp loyees engaged in research and development. During fiscal years 2013 , 2012 and 2011, 
we incurred research and development expense of $ 1 ,147.3 million , $1,002.6 million and $848.8 millio n, respectively.  
 
Competition  
   
The market for our products is intensely competitiv e and is characterized by rapid technological chang e, evolving industry standards and 
declining average selling prices. We believe that t he principal competitive factors in this market are  performance, breadth of product offerings, 
access to customers and distribution channels, soft ware support, conformity to industry standard Appli cation Programming Interfaces, 
manufacturing capabilities, processor pricing and t otal system costs. We believe that our ability to r emain competitive will depend on how well we 
are able to anticipate the features and functions t hat customers will demand and whether we are able t o deliver consistent volumes of our products at 
acceptable levels of quality and at competitive pri ces. We expect competition to increase from both ex isting competitors and new market entrants 
with products that may be less costly than ours, or  may provide better performance or additional featu res not provided by our products. In addition, 
it is possible that new competitors or alliances am ong competitors could emerge and acquire significan t market share .  
 
 
11  Table of Contents  
 
A significant source of competition comes from comp anies that provide or intend to provide GPUs and mo bile SOC products. Some of our 
competitors may have greater marketing, financial, distribution and manufacturing resources than we do  and may be more able to adapt to customer 
or technological changes.  
   
Our current competitors include:  
 
 
 
 
 
If and to the extent we offer products in new marke ts, we may face competition from existing competito rs as well as from companies with 
which we currently do not compete. We expect substa ntial competition from both Intel's and AMD's strat egy of selling platform solutions, 
including integrating a CPU and a GPU on the same c hip or same package, as evidenced by AMD's APU prod uct and Intel's CPUs with integrated 
graphics. As AMD and Intel continue to pursue platf orm solutions and integrated CPUs, we may not be ab le to successfully compete and our 
business could be negatively impacted.  
 
Patents and Proprietary Rights  
   
We rely primarily on a combination of patents, trad emarks, trade secrets, employee and third- party nondisclosure agreements and licensing 
arrangements to protect our intellectual property i n the United States and internationally. Our curren tly issued patents have expiration dates from 
August 2013 to February 2032. We have numerous pate nts issued, allowed and pending in the United State s and in foreign jurisdictions. Our 
patents and pending patent applications primarily r elate to our products and the technology used in co nnection with our products. We also rely on 
international treaties, organizations and foreign l aws to protect our intellectual property. The laws of certain foreign countries in which our products 
are or may be manufactured or sold, including vario us countries in Asia, may not protect our products or intellectual property rights to the same 
extent as the laws of the United States. This makes  the possibility of piracy of our technology and pr oducts more likely. We continuously assess 
whether and where to seek formal protection for par ticular innovations and technologies based on such factors as:  
   
 
Our pending patent applications and any future appl ications may not be approved. In addition, any issu ed patents may not provide us with 
competitive advantages or may be challenged by thir d parties. The enforcement of patents by others may  harm our ability to conduct our business. 
Others may independently develop substantially equi valent intellectual property or otherwise gain acce ss to our trade secrets or intellectual 
property. Our failure to effectively protect our in tellectual property could harm our business. We hav e licensed technology from third parties for 
incorporation in some of our products and for defen sive reasons, and expect to continue to enter into such license agreements. These licenses may 
result in royalty payments to third parties, the cr oss licensing of technology by us or payment of oth er consideration. If these arrangements are not 
concluded on commercially reasonable terms, our bus iness could suffer.  
 
Employees  
   
As of January 27, 2013, we had 7,974 employees, 5,7 83 of whom were engaged in research and development  and 2,191 of whom were engaged 
in sales, marketing, operations and administrative positions. We believe we have good relationships wi th our employees.  
 
12  •  suppliers of GPUs, including supercomputers and chi psets that incorporate 3D graphics functionality as  part of their existing solutions, 
such as Advanced Micro Devices, or AMD, and Intel;  
•  suppliers of SOC products that support tablets, sma rtphones, and PCs as well as products that are embe dded into smart devices such as 
televisions, monitors, set- top boxes, gaming devices and cars, such as AMD, Ap ple Inc., ARM Holdings plc, Broadcom Corporation, 
Fujitsu Limited, HiSilicon Technologies Co., Ltd., Imagination Technologies Ltd., Intel, Marvell Techn ology Group Ltd., Mediatek, NEC 
Corporation, Qualcomm Incorporated, Renesas Technol ogy Corp., Samsung Electronics Co. Ltd., and ST Mic roelectronics;  
•  licensors of graphics technologies, such as ARM Hol dings plc, Imagination Technologies Group plc. and Vivante Corporation; and 
•  suppliers of cellular basebands such as Broadcom Co rporation, Freescale Semiconductor Inc., HiSilicon Technologies Co., Ltd., Intel, 
Marvell Technology Group Ltd., Mediatek, Qualcomm I ncorporated, Renesas Technology Corp., Samsung Elec tronics Co. Ltd., 
Spreadtrum Communications Co., Ltd, and ST-Ericsson .  
•  the location in which our products are manufactured ; 
•  our strategic technology or product directions in d ifferent countries; 
•  the degree to which intellectual property laws exis t and are meaningfully enforced in different jurisd ictions; and 
•  the commercial significance of our operations and o ur competitors' operations in particular countries and regions. Table of Contents  
 
 
Environmental Regulatory Compliance  
 
To date, we have not incurred significant expenses related to environmental regulatory compliance matt ers. For additional detail see “ Item 1A. 
Risk Factors - Risks Related to Regulatory, Legal, Our Common Stock and Other Matters - Our failure to comply with any applicable 
environmental regulations could result in a range o f consequences, including fines, suspension of prod uction, excess inventory, sales limitations, 
and criminal and civil liabilities .”  
 
Financial Information by Reporting Segment and Geog raphic Data  
 
The information included in Note 17 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statemen ts in Part IV, Item 15 of this Annual Report on For m 
10-K, including financial information by reporting segment and revenue and long- lived assets by geographic region, is hereby incorp orated by 
reference. For additional detail regarding the risk s attendant to our foreign operations see “Item 1A.  Risk Factors - Risks Related to Our Business, 
Industry and Partners - We are subject to risks associated with internation al operations which may harm our business. ”  
 
Executive Officers of the Registrant  
 
The following sets forth certain information regard ing our executive officers, their ages and their po sitions as of February 25, 2013:  
   
Jen-Hsun Huang co-founded NVIDIA in April 1993 and has served as its President, Chief Executive Officer and a member of the Board of 
Directors since its inception. From 1985 to 1993, M r. Huang was employed at LSI Logic Corporation, a c omputer chip manufacturer, where he held 
a variety of positions, most recently as Director o f Coreware, the business unit responsible for LSI's  “system-on-chip” strategy. From 1983 to 1985, 
Mr. Huang was a microprocessor designer for Advance d Micro Devices, Inc., a semiconductor company. Mr.  Huang holds a B.S.E.E. degree from 
Oregon State University and an M.S.E.E. degree from  Stanford University.  
   
Karen Burns joined NVIDIA in October 2000 and has served as Vic e President and Interim Chief Financial Officer of NVIDIA since March 
2011. From December 2010 to March 2011, Ms. Burns s erved as NVIDIA's Vice President, Corporate Control ler and Tax and as Vice President -
Tax from November 2007. From October 2000 to Octobe r 2007, Ms. Burns served as head of the tax departm ent in various capacities, including 
Senior Director and Director. Previous to NVIDIA, M s. Burns served nine years in various capacities in  tax and audit with KPMG, a global public 
accounting firm, in their Atlanta, London, and Sili con Valley based practices. Ms. Burns holds both a B.A. and an M.A. in Accounting from Florida 
State University.  
   
Ajay K. Puri joined NVIDIA in December 2005 as Senior Vice Presi dent, Worldwide Sales and became Executive Vice Pre sident, Worldwide 
Sales in January 2009. Prior to NVIDIA, he held pos itions in sales, marketing, and general management over a 22- year career at Sun Microsystems, 
Inc. Mr. Puri previously held marketing, management  consulting, and product development positions at H ewlett-Packard Company, Booz Allen 
Hamilton Inc., and Texas Instruments Incorporated. Mr. Puri holds an M.B.A. degree from Harvard Univer sity, an M.S.E.E. degree from the 
California Institute of Technology and a B.S.E.E. d egree from the University of Minnesota.  
   
David M. Shannon serves as Executive Vice President, General Counsel  and Secretary of NVIDIA.  Mr. Shannon joined NVIDI A in August 
2002 as Vice President and General Counsel. Mr. Sha nnon became Secretary of NVIDIA in April 2005, a Se nior Vice President in December 2005 
and an Executive Vice President in January 2009.  I n January 2013, Mr. Shannon also became the head of  Human Resources and currently leads 
both the Legal and Human Resources functions.  From  1993 to 2002, Mr. Shannon held various counsel pos itions at Intel, most recently the 
position of Vice President and Assistant General Co unsel. Mr. Shannon also practiced for eight years i n the law firm of Gibson Dunn and Crutcher, 
focusing on complex commercial and high-technology related litigation. Mr. Shannon holds B.A. and J.D.  degrees from Pepperdine University.  
 
13  Name    Age    Position  
Jen-Hsun Huang    50    President, Chief Executive Officer and Director  
Karen Burns    45    Vice President and Interim Chief Financial Officer  
Ajay K. Puri    58    Executive Vice President, Worldwide Sales  
David M. Shannon    57    Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secre tary  
Debora Shoquist    58    Executive Vice President, Operations  Table of Contents  
 
   
Debora Shoquist joined NVIDIA in September 2007 as Senior Vice Pres ident of Operations and became Executive Vice Presi dent of 
Operations in January 2009. From 2004 to 2007, Ms. Shoquist served as Senior Vice President of Operati ons at JDS Uniphase Corporation, a 
provider of communications test and measurement sol utions and optical products for the telecommunicati ons industry. From 2002 to 2004, she 
served as Senior Vice President and General Manager  of the Electro- Optics business at Coherent, Inc., a manufacturer o f commercial and scientific 
laser equipment. Her experience includes her role a t Quantum Corporation as the President of the Perso nal Computer Hard Disk Drive Division. 
Her experience also includes senior roles at Hewlet t-Packard Corporation. She holds a B.S degree in Elec trical Engineering from Kansas State 
University and a B.S. degree in Biology from Santa Clara University.  
 
Available Information  
   
Our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8- K and, if applicable, amendments to those reports 
filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) of the  Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, are a vailable free of charge on or through our web 
site, http://www.nvidia.com , as soon as reasonably practicable after we electr onically file such material with, or furnish it to,  the Securities and 
Exchange Commission, or the SEC. Our web site and t he information on it or connected to it are not a p art of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.  
 
 
ITEM 1A.  RISK FACTORS  
In evaluating NVIDIA and our business, the followin g factors should be considered in addition to the o ther information in this Annual Report 
on Form 10- K. Before you buy our common stock, you should know  that making such an investment involves some risks  including, but not limited 
to, the risks described below. Additionally, any on e of the following risks could seriously harm our b usiness, financial condition and results of 
operations, which could cause our stock price to de cline. Additional risks and uncertainties not prese ntly known to us or that we currently deem 
immaterial may also impair our business operations.   
 
Risks Related to Our Business, Industry and Partner s  
 
If we are unable to compete in the markets for our products, our financial results will be adversely i mpacted .  
The market for our products is extremely competitiv e, and we expect competition to intensify as curren t competitors expand their product 
offerings, industry standards continue to evolve an d others realize the market potential of mobile and  consumer products and services.       
We expect competition to increase from both existin g competitors and new market entrants with products  that may be less costly than ours, or 
may provide better performance or additional featur es not provided by our products. In addition, it is  possible that new competitors or alliances 
among competitors could emerge and acquire signific ant market share. Furthermore, competitors with gre ater financial resources may be able to 
offer lower prices than us, or they may offer addit ional products, services or other incentives that w e may not be able to match. In addition, many of 
our competitors operate and maintain their own fabr ication facilities and have longer operating histor ies, greater name recognition, larger customer 
bases, and greater sales, marketing and distributio n resources than we do. In order to effectively com pete we may have to invest more resources in 
research and development than anticipated, which co uld increase our operating expenses and negatively impact our operating results. If we are 
required to invest significantly greater resources than anticipated in research and development effort s without a corresponding increase in revenue, 
our operating results could decline. In order to re main competitive, we anticipate that we will contin ue to devote substantial resources to research 
and development, and we expect these expenses to in crease in absolute dollars in the foreseeable futur e due to the increased complexity and the 
greater number of products under development.Our ab ility to compete will depend on, among other factor s, our ability to:  
 
 
14  •  continue to keep pace with technological developmen ts; 
•  develop and introduce new products, services, techn ologies and enhancements on a timely basis; 
•  transition our semiconductor products to increasing ly smaller line width geometries; 
•  obtain sufficient foundry capacity and packaging ma terials; and 
•  succeed in significant foreign markets, such as Chi na and India. Table of Contents  
 
If we are unable to compete in our current or new m arkets, demand for our products could decrease whic h could cause our revenue to decline 
and our financial results to suffer.    If and to t he extent we offer products in new markets, we may face competition from existing competitors as 
well as from companies with which we currently do n ot compete. We expect substantial competition from both Intel's and AMD's strategy of selling 
platform solutions, including integrating a CPU and  a GPU on the same chip or same package, as evidenc ed by AMD's APU product and Intel's 
CPUs with integrated graphics. As AMD and Intel con tinue to pursue platform solutions and integrated C PUs, we may not be able to successfully 
compete and our business could be negatively impact ed. Despite the use of these integrated CPUs, perso nal computer, or PC, builders and 
consumers have continued to embrace discrete GPUs t o provide higher performance, or the GPU attach rat e. If integrated CPUs offer a more 
compelling value proposition in the future, our GPU  attach rate could decrease, which could adversely affect our business and cause our financial 
results to decline.  
Our business results could be adversely affected if  the identification and development of new products  is delayed or unsuccessful.  
In order to maintain or improve our financial resul ts, we will need to continue to identify and develo p new products and enhancements to our 
existing products in a timely and cost- effective manner. The process of developing new pro ducts and services and enhancing existing products and 
services is highly complex, costly and uncertain, a nd any failure by us to anticipate customers' chang ing needs and emerging technology trends 
could adversely affect our business. We must make l ong-term investments and commit significant resources b efore knowing whether our 
predictions will accurately reflect customer demand  for our new products and technologies.  It is poss ible that our development efforts will not be 
successful and that our new technologies will not r esult in meaningful revenues.   Even if we introduc e new and enhanced products to the market, 
we may not be able to achieve market acceptance of them in a timely manner.  
Our ability to successfully develop and deliver new  products will depend on various factors, including  our ability to:  
 
We occasionally have experienced delays in completi ng the development and introduction of new products  and product enhancements, and we 
could experience delays in the future. In addition,  in the past, we have been unable to successfully m anage product transitions from older to newer 
products resulting in obsolete inventory. Our failu re to successfully develop and introduce new produc ts and technologies or identify new uses for 
existing or future products could result in rapidly  declining average selling prices, reduced demand f or our products or loss of market share, any of 
which could harm our competitive position and cause  our revenue, gross margin and overall financial re sults to suffer.  
If we are unable to achieve market acceptance and d esign wins for our products and technologies, our r esults of operations and competitive 
position will be harmed.  
The success of our business depends to a significan t extent on our ability to achieve market acceptanc e of our new products and enhancements 
to our existing products and identify and enter new  markets, such as smartphones, tablets and other si milar consumer electronic devices. The 
markets for our products and technologies are chara cterized by unpredictable and sometimes rapid shift s in the popularity of products, often caused 
by the publication of competitive industry benchmar k results, changes in pricing of dynamic random- access memory devices and other changes in 
the total system cost of add- in boards, or AIBs, as well as by severe price comp etition and by frequent new technology and product introductions. 
Broad market acceptance is difficult to achieve and  such market acceptance, if achieved, is difficult to sustain due to intense competition and 
frequent new technology and product introductions.  Our success in achieving marketing acceptance will  depend in part on our ability to cultivate 
new industry relationships and improve the function ality of our products as the number of internet- connected devices increases. If we do not 
successfully achieve or maintain market acceptance for our products and enhancements or identify and e nter new markets, our ability to compete 
and maintain or increase revenues will suffer.  
Additionally, there can be no assurance that the in dustry will continue to demand new products with im proved standards, features or 
performance. If our customers, original equipment m anufacturers, or OEMs, original design manufacturer s, or ODMs, add- in card and motherboard 
manufacturers, system builders and consumer electro nics companies do not continue to design products t hat require more advanced or efficient 
processors and/or the markets do not continue to de mand new products with increased performance, featu res, functionality or standards, sales of our 
products could decline and the markets for our prod ucts could shrink. Decreased sales of our products for these markets could negatively impact our 
revenue and our financial results.          
 
15  •  effectively identify and capitalize upon opportunit ies in new markets; 
•  timely complete and introduce new products and tech nologies; 
•  transition our semiconductor products to increasing ly smaller line width geometries; and 
•  obtain sufficient foundry capacity and packaging ma terials. Table of Contents  
 
We believe achieving design wins, which entails hav ing our existing and future products chosen for har dware components or subassemblies 
designed by OEMs, ODMs, and AIB and motherboard man ufacturers, is an integral part of our future succe ss. Our OEM, ODM, and AIB and 
motherboard manufacturers' customers typically intr oduce new system configurations as often as twice p er year, typically based on spring and fall 
design cycles or in connection with trade shows. Ac cordingly, when our customers are making their desi gn decisions, our existing products must 
have competitive performance levels or we must time ly introduce new products in order to be included i n our customers' new system 
configurations. This requires that we:  
 
If OEMs, ODMs, and AIB and motherboard manufacturer s do not include our products in their systems, the y will typically not use our 
products in their systems until at least the next d esign configuration. Therefore, we endeavor to deve lop close relationships with our OEMs and 
ODMs, in an attempt to better anticipate and addres s customer needs in new products so that we will ac hieve design wins.  
Our ability to achieve design wins also depends in part on our ability to identify and be compliant wi th evolving industry standards. 
Unanticipated changes in industry standards could r ender our products incompatible with products devel oped by major hardware manufacturers and 
software developers.  If our products are not in co mpliance with prevailing industry standards, we may  not be designed into our customers' product 
designs.  However, to be compliant with changes to industry standards, we may have to invest significa nt time and resources to redesign our 
products which could negatively impact our gross ma rgin or operating results. If we are unable to achi eve new design wins for existing or new 
customers, we may lose market share and our operati ng results would be negatively impacted.  
We depend on foundries to manufacture our products and these third parties may not be able to obtain o r successfully implement high 
quality, leading-edge process technologies or other wise satisfy our manufacturing requirements, which would harm our business .  
We do not manufacture the silicon wafers used for o ur products and do not own or operate a wafer fabri cation facility. Instead, we are 
dependent on industry- leading foundries, such as Taiwan Semiconductor Man ufacturing Company Limited, or TSMC, to manufacture  our 
semiconductor wafers using their fabrication equipm ent and techniques. A substantial portion of our wa fers are supplied by TSMC. The foundries, 
which have limited capacity, also manufacture produ cts for other semiconductor companies, including so me of our competitors.  Since we do not 
have long- term commitment contracts with any of these foundri es, they do not have an obligation to provide us wi th any set pricing or minimum 
quantity of product at any time except as may be pr ovided in a specific purchase order.   Most of our products are only manufactured by one 
foundry at a time.  In times of high demand, the fo undries could choose to prioritize their capacity f or other companies, reduce or eliminate 
deliveries to us, or increase the prices that they charge us.  If we are unable to meet customer deman d due to reduced or eliminated deliveries or 
have to increase the prices of our products, we cou ld lose sales to customers, which would negatively impact our revenue and our reputation.   
We use the most advanced manufacturing process tech nology appropriate for our products that is availab le from our third- party foundries. As a 
result, we continuously evaluate the benefits of mi grating our products to smaller geometry process te chnologies in order to improve performance 
and reduce costs.  Manufacturing process technologi es are subject to rapid change and require signific ant expenditures for research and 
development, which could negatively impact our oper ating expenses and gross margin. Our third- party foundries may not be able to develop, obtain 
or successfully implement high quality, leading- edge process technologies needed to manufacture our  products profitably or on a timely basis. Our 
competitors (including those that own their own man ufacturing facilities) may also develop high qualit y, leading- edge process technologies earlier 
than our third-party foundries. If our third- party foundries experience manufacturing inefficien cies, we may fail to achieve acceptable yields or 
experience product delivery delays.  
We have experienced difficulty in migrating to new manufacturing processes in the past and, consequent ly, have suffered reduced yields, 
delays in product deliveries and increased expense levels. For example, due to capacity constraints at  TSMC of our 28 nanometer Kepler GPUs in 
the first quarter of fiscal year 2013, we were unab le to fulfill customer demand for our high- end desktop GPU products, and as our sales mix shif ted 
to our mainstream desktop GPU products, revenue and  gross margins for the first quarter of fiscal year  2013 were negatively impacted compared to 
the prior quarter. We experienced continued 28 nano meter-supply constraints in the second quarter of f iscal year 2013.  
 
16  •  anticipate the features and functionality that cust omers and consumers will demand; 
•  incorporate those features and functionalities into  products that meet the exacting design requirement s of our customers; 
•  price our products competitively; and 
•  introduce products to the market within our custome rs' limited design cycles. Table of Contents  
 
Because the lead- time needed to establish strategic relationships wi th new manufacturing partners and achieve initial p roduction could be over 
a year, we do not have an alternative source of sup ply for our products. In addition, the time and eff ort to qualify a new foundry would result in 
additional expense and diversion of resources, and could result in lost sales, any of which would nega tively impact our financial results. We believe 
that long-term market acceptance for our products w ill depend on reliable relationships with the third -party manufacturers we use to ensure 
adequate product supply and competitive pricing to respond to customer demand.  
Failure to achieve expected manufacturing yields fo r our products could negatively impact our financia l results and damage our reputation.  
Manufacturing yields for our products are a functio n of product design, which is developed largely by us, and process technology, which 
typically is proprietary to the manufacturer. Low y ields may result from either product design or proc ess technology failure.  We do not know a 
yield problem exists until our design is manufactur ed.  When a yield issue is identified, the product is analyzed and tested to determine the cause. 
As a result, yield problems may not be identified u ntil well into the production process. Resolution o f yield problems requires cooperation by, and 
communication between, us and the manufacturer. Bec ause of our potentially limited access to wafer fou ndry capacity, decreases in manufacturing 
yields could result in an increase in our costs and  force us to allocate our available product supply among our customers. Lower than expected 
yields could potentially harm customer relationship s, our reputation and our financial results.  
Business disruptions could seriously harm our futur e revenue and financial condition and increase our costs and expenses.  
Our worldwide operations could be disrupted by eart hquakes, telecommunications failures, power or wate r shortages, tsunamis, floods, 
hurricanes, typhoons, fires, extreme weather condit ions, medical epidemics or pandemics and other natu ral or man- made disasters, catastrophic 
events or climate change. The occurrence of any of these business disruptions could result in signific ant losses, seriously harm our revenue and 
financial condition, adversely affect our competiti ve position, increase our costs and expenses, and r equire substantial expenditures and recovery 
time in order to fully resume operations. Our corpo rate headquarters, and a portion of our research an d development activities, are located in 
California, and other critical business operations and some of our suppliers are located in Asia, near  major earthquake faults known for seismic 
activity. In addition, a majority of our principal information technology, or IT, data centers are loc ated in California, making our operations 
vulnerable to natural disasters or other business d isruptions occurring in this geographical area. The  manufacture of product components, the final 
assembly of our products and other critical operati ons are concentrated in certain geographic location s, including Taiwan, China and Korea. Our 
operations could be adversely affected if manufactu ring, logistics or other operations in these locati ons are disrupted for any reason, including 
natural disasters, high heat events or water shorta ges, information technology system failures, milita ry actions or economic, business, labor, 
environmental, public health, regulatory or politic al issues. The ultimate impact on us, our significa nt suppliers and our general infrastructure of 
being located near major earthquake faults and bein g consolidated in certain geographical areas is unk nown. However, in the event of a major 
earthquake or other natural disaster or catastrophi c event, our revenue, profitability and financial c ondition could suffer.  
A decline in demand in certain end-user markets cou ld decrease the demand for our products and harm ou r results of operations.  
Our customer base includes companies in a wide rang e of end- user markets, but we generate a significant amount of revenue from sales to 
customers in the communications- and computer-relat ed industries. Within these end- user markets, a large portion of our revenue is gen erated from 
sales to customers in the cell phone, tablet and PC  markets, including professional workstations. Decl ine in one or several of these end- user markets 
could harm demand for our products and our results of operations and financial condition. These declin es could be large and sudden. Since PC, cell 
phone and tablet manufacturers often build inventor ies during periods of anticipated growth, they may be left with excess inventories if growth 
slows or if they incorrectly forecast product trans itions. In these cases, these manufacturers may abr uptly suspend substantially all purchases of 
additional inventory from suppliers like us until t heir excess inventory has been absorbed, which woul d have a negative impact on our financial 
results.  
 
17  Table of Contents  
 
We sell our products to a small number of customers  and our business could suffer if we lose any of th ese customers.  
We receive a significant amount of our revenue from  a limited number of customers.  One customer accou nted for 13% of our total revenue in 
fiscal year 2013 and 11% of our total revenue in fi scal year 2012 and another customer accounted for 1 2% of our total revenue in fiscal year 2011.  
Approximately 40% of our accounts receivable balanc e was from three customers as of January 27, 2013, and 20% of our accounts receivable 
balance was from one customer as of January 29, 201 2. We maintain an allowance for doubtful accounts f or estimated losses resulting from the 
inability of our customers to make required payment s and obtain credit insurance over the purchasing c redit extended to certain customers. In the 
future, we may have to record additional reserves o r write-offs and/or defer revenue on certain sales transact ions which could negatively impact our 
financial results and as a result of the tightening  of the credit markets, we may not be able to acqui re credit insurance on the credit we extend to 
these customers or in amounts that we deem sufficie nt.  
Sales to our largest customers have fluctuated sign ificantly from period to period primarily due to th e timing and number of design wins with 
each customer, as well as the continued diversifica tion of our customer base as we expand into new mar kets, and will likely continue to fluctuate 
dramatically in the future. Our operating results i n the foreseeable future will continue to depend on  sales to a relatively small number of customers, 
as well as the ability of these customers to sell p roducts that incorporate our products. In the futur e, these customers may decide not to purchase our 
products at all, purchase fewer products than they did in the past, or alter their purchasing patterns  in some other way, particularly because:  
 
The loss of any of our large customers or a signifi cant reduction in sales we make to them would likel y harm our financial condition and results 
of operations and any difficulties in collecting ac counts receivable could harm our operating results and financial condition.  
If we fail to appropriately scale our operations in  response to changes in demand for our existing pro ducts or to the demand for new products 
requested by our customers, our business and profit ability could be harmed.  
To achieve our business objectives, it may be neces sary from time to time for us to expand or contract  our operations. In the future, we may not 
be able to scale our workforce and operations in a sufficiently timely manner to respond effectively t o changes in demand for our existing products 
or to the demand for new products requested by our customers. In that event, we may be unable to meet competitive challenges or exploit potential 
market opportunities, and our current or future bus iness could be materially and adversely affected. C onversely, if we expand our operations and 
workforce too rapidly in anticipation of increased demand for our products, and such demand does not m aterialize at the pace at which we expected, 
the rate of increase in our costs and operating exp enses may exceed the rate of increase in our revenu e, which would adversely affect our results of 
operations. In addition, if such demand does not ma terialize at the pace which we expect, we may be re quired to scale down our business through 
expense and headcount reductions as well as facilit y consolidations or closures that could result in r estructuring charges that would materially and 
adversely affect our results of operations. Because  many of our expenses are fixed in the short- term or are incurred in advance of anticipated sale s, 
we may not be able to decrease our expenses in a ti mely manner to offset any decrease in customer dema nd. If customer demand does not increase 
as anticipated, our profitability could be adversel y affected due to our higher expense levels.  
Our past growth has placed, and any future long- term growth is expected to continue to place, a sig nificant strain on our management 
personnel, systems and resources. To implement our current business and product plans, we will need to  continue to expand, train, manage and 
motivate our workforce.  All of these endeavors req uire substantial management effort. If we are unabl e to effectively manage our expanding 
operations, we may be unable to scale our business quickly enough to meet competitive challenges or ex ploit potential market opportunities, or 
conversely, we may scale our business too quickly a nd the rate of increase in our costs and expenses m ay exceed the rate of increase in our revenue, 
either of which would harm our results of operation s.  
 
18  •  substantially all of our sales are made on a purcha se order basis, which permits our customers to canc el, change or delay product purchase 
commitments with little or no notice to us and with out penalty;  
•  our customers may develop their own solutions; 
•  our customers may purchase products from our compet itors; or 
•  our customers may discontinue sales or lose market share in the markets for which they purchase our pr oducts. Table of Contents  
 
Our revenue may fluctuate while our operating expen ses are relatively fixed, which makes our results d ifficult to predict and could cause our 
results to fall short of expectations.  
Our operating expenses are relatively fixed and lar gely independent of revenue. Therefore, it is diffi cult for us to accurately forecast profits or 
losses in any particular period.  Our operating exp enses, which are comprised of research and developm ent expenses and sales, general and 
administrative expenses, represented 36.9%, 35.2% a nd 32.6% of our total revenue for fiscal years 2013 , 2012 and 2011, respectively. Since we 
often recognize a substantial portion of our revenu e in the last month of each quarter, it is also dif ficult to accurately forecast revenue and we may 
not be able to adjust our operating expenses in a t imely manner in response to any unanticipated reven ue shortfalls in any quarter. Further, some of 
our operating expenses, like stock- based compensation expense, can only be adjusted ov er a longer period of time and cannot be reduced du ring a 
quarter.  If we are unable to reduce operating expe nses quickly in response to any revenue shortfalls,  our financial results will be negatively 
impacted.  
Any one or more of the risks discussed in this Annu al Report on Form 10- K or other factors could prevent us from achieving our expected 
future revenue or net income. Accordingly, we belie ve that period-to- period comparisons of our results of operations sho uld not be relied upon as 
an indication of future performance. Similarly, the  results of any quarterly or full fiscal year perio d are not necessarily indicative of results to be 
expected for a subsequent quarter or a full fiscal year. As a result, it is possible that in some quar ters our operating results could be below the 
expectations of securities analysts or investors, w hich could cause the trading price of our common st ock to decline. We believe that our quarterly 
and annual results of operations may continue to be  affected by a variety of factors that could harm o ur revenue, gross profit and results of 
operations.  
Because our gross margin for any period depends on a number of factors, our failure to forecast change s in any of these factors could 
adversely affect our gross margin.  
We are focused on improving our gross margin. Our g ross margin for any period depends on a number of f actors, including:   
 
If we do not correctly forecast the impact of any o f the relevant factors on our business, there may n ot be any actions we can take or we may 
not be able to take any possible actions in time to  counteract any negative impact on our gross margin .   In addition, if we are unable to meet our 
gross margin target for any period or the target se t by analysts, the trading price of our common stoc k may decline.   
Our business is cyclical in nature and has experien ced severe downturns that have harmed, and may in t he future harm, our business and 
financial results.  
Our business is directly affected by market conditi ons in the highly cyclical semiconductor industry. The semiconductor industry has been 
adversely affected by many factors, including the g lobal downturn, ongoing efforts by our customers to  reduce their spending, diminished product 
demand, increased inventory levels, lower average s elling prices, uncertainty regarding long- term growth rates and underlying financial health a nd 
increased competition. These factors, could, among other things, limit our ability to maintain or incr ease our sales or recognize revenue and in turn 
adversely affect our business, operating results an d financial condition.  If our actions to reduce ou r operating expenses to sufficiently offset these 
factors when they occur are unsuccessful, our opera ting results will suffer.  
Our stock price continues to be volatile and invest ors may suffer losses .  
Our stock has at times experienced substantial pric e volatility as a result of variations between our actual and anticipated financial results, 
announcements by us and our competitors, or uncerta inty about current global economic conditions. The stock market as a whole also has 
experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations t hat have affected the market price of many technolo gy companies in ways that may have been 
unrelated to these companies' operating performance .  
 
19  •  the mix of our products sold; 
•  average selling prices; 
•  introduction of new products; 
•  product transitions; 
•  sales discounts; 
•  unexpected pricing actions by our competitors; 
•  the cost of product components; and 
•  the yield of wafers produced by the foundries that manufacture our products. Table of Contents  
 
In the past, securities class action litigation has  often been brought against a company following per iods of volatility in the market price of its 
securities. Due to changes in the volatility of our  stock price, we have been in the past and may be i n the future the target of securities litigation. 
Such lawsuits generally result in the diversion of management's time and attention away from business operations, which could harm our business. 
In addition, the costs of defense and any damages r esulting from litigation, a ruling against us, or a  settlement of the litigation could adversely affec t 
our cash flow and financial results.   
Our failure to estimate customer demand properly co uld adversely affect our financial results.  
We manufacture our products based on forecasts of c ustomer demand in order to have shorter shipment le ad times and quicker delivery 
schedules for our customers.  As a result, we may b uild inventories for anticipated periods of growth which do not occur or may build inventory 
anticipating demand for a product that does not mat erialize. In forecasting demand, we make multiple a ssumptions any of which may prove to be 
incorrect. Situations that may result in excess or obsolete inventory include:  
 
Any inability to sell products to which we have dev oted resources could harm our business. In addition , cancellation or deferral of customer 
purchase orders could result in our holding excess inventory, which could adversely affect our gross m argin and restrict our ability to fund 
operations. Additionally, because we often sell a s ubstantial portion of our products in the last mont h of each quarter, we may not be able to reduce 
our inventory purchase commitments in a timely mann er in response to customer cancellations or deferra ls. We could be subject to excess or 
obsolete inventories and be required to take corres ponding inventory write- downs and/or a reduction in average selling prices if growth slows or 
does not materialize, or if we incorrectly forecast  product demand, which could negatively impact our financial results.  
Conversely, if we underestimate our customers' dema nd for our products, our third-party manufacturing partners may not have adequate lead-
time or capacity to increase production for us mean ing that we may not be able to obtain sufficient in ventory to fill our customers' orders on a 
timely basis. Even if we are able to increase produ ction levels to meet customer demand, we may not be  able to do so in a cost effective or timely 
manner. Inability to fulfill our customers' orders on a timely basis, or at all, could damage our cust omer relationships, result in lost revenue, cause a  
loss in market share, impact our customer relations hips or damage our reputation, any of which could a dversely impact our business.  
We may not be able to realize the potential financi al or strategic benefits of business acquisitions o r strategic investments and we may not be 
able to successfully integrate acquisition targets,  which could hurt our ability to grow our business,  develop new products or sell our products.  
We have acquired and invested in other businesses t hat offered products, services and technologies tha t we believe will help expand or enhance 
our existing products and business. Most recently, we completed our acquisition of Icera Inc., an inno vator of baseband processors for 3G and 4G 
cellular phones and tablets.  Such a transaction ca n involve significant integration challenges and th ere can be no assurance that pre- acquisition due 
diligence will have identified all possible issues and risks that might arise with respect to the acqu isition. If we are unable to timely and successfull y 
integrate the acquired operations, product lines an d technology of Icera, we may not be able to realiz e the expected benefits of the acquisition, 
which could adversely affect our business plans and  operating results.  
We may enter into future acquisitions of, or invest ments in, businesses, in order to complement or exp and our current businesses or enter into a 
new business market. Negotiations associated with a n acquisition or strategic investment could divert management's attention and other company 
resources. Any of the following risks associated wi th past or future acquisitions or investments could  impair our ability to grow our business, 
develop new products or sell our products, and ulti mately could have a negative impact on our growth o r our financial results:  
 
20  •  changes in business and economic conditions, includ ing downturns in the semiconductor industry and/or overall economy; 
•  changes in consumer confidence caused by changes in  market conditions, including changes in the credit  market, expectations for 
inflation, and energy prices;  
•  if there were a sudden and significant decrease in demand for our products; 
•  if there were a higher incidence of inventory obsol escence because of rapidly changing technology and customer requirements; 
•  if we fail to estimate customer demand properly for  our older products as our newer products are intro duced; or 
•  if our competition were to take unexpected competit ive pricing actions. Table of Contents  
 
 
In addition, the consideration for any future acqui sition could be paid in cash, shares of our common stock, the issuance of convertible debt 
securities or a combination of cash, convertible de bt and common stock. If we make an investment in ca sh or use cash to pay for all or a portion of 
an acquisition, our cash reserves would be reduced which could negatively impact the growth of our bus iness or our ability to develop new 
products. However, if we pay the consideration with  shares of common stock, or convertible debentures,  the holdings of our existing stockholders 
would be diluted. A significant decline in the trad ing price of our common stock would make the diluti on to our stockholders more extreme and 
could negatively impact our ability to pay the cons ideration with shares of common stock or convertibl e debentures. We cannot forecast the 
number, timing or size of future strategic investme nts or acquisitions, or the effect that any such in vestments or acquisitions might have on our 
operations or financial results.  
System security risks, data protection breaches, cy ber-attacks and systems integration issues could disrup t our internal operations, and any 
such disruption could reduce our expected revenue, increase our expenses, damage our reputation and ad versely affect our stock price .  
Experienced computer programmers and hackers may be  able to penetrate our security controls and misapp ropriate or compromise our 
confidential information or that of third parties, create system disruptions or cause shutdowns. Compu ter programmers and hackers also may be 
able to develop and deploy viruses, worms and other  malicious software programs that attack our produc ts or otherwise exploit any security 
vulnerabilities of our products. The costs to us to  eliminate or alleviate cyber or other security pro blems, bugs, viruses, worms, malicious software 
programs and security vulnerabilities could be sign ificant, and our efforts to address these problems may not be successful and could result in 
interruptions, delays, cessation of service and los s of existing or potential customers that may imped e our sales, manufacturing, distribution or other 
critical functions.  
We manage and store various proprietary information  and sensitive or confidential data relating to our  business and third party business. 
Breaches of our security measures or the accidental  loss, inadvertent disclosure or unapproved dissemi nation of proprietary information or sensitive 
or confidential data about us or our partners or cu stomers, including the potential loss or disclosure  of such information or data as a result of fraud, 
trickery or other forms of deception, could expose us, our partners and customers or the individuals a ffected to a risk of loss or misuse of this 
information, result in litigation and potential lia bility for us, damage our brand and reputation or o therwise harm our business. In addition, the cost 
and operational consequences of implementing furthe r data protection measures could be significant. Fo r example, in July 2012, unauthorized third 
parties gained access to certain user information o n our online forums. We have strengthened security in an effort to minimize future attacks.  
 
21  •  difficulty in combining the technology, products, o perations or workforce of the acquired business wit h our business; 
•  difficulty in operating in a new or multiple new lo cations; 
•  disruption of our ongoing businesses or the ongoing  business of the company we invest in or acquire; 
•  difficulty in realizing the potential financial or strategic benefits of the transaction; 
•  difficulty in maintaining uniform standards, contro ls, procedures and policies; 
•  difficulty integrating the target's accounting, man agement information, human resources and other admi nistrative systems; 
•  diversion of capital and other resources; 
•  assumption of liabilities; 
•  incurring acquisition- related costs or amortization costs for acquired in tangible assets that could impact our operating res ults; 
•  diversion of resources and unanticipated expenses r esulting from litigation arising from potential or actual business acquisitions or 
investments;  
•  potential failure of the due diligence processes to  identify significant issues with product quality, architecture and development, or legal 
and financial contingencies, among other things;  
•  difficulties in entering into new markets in which we have limited or no experience and where competit ors in such markets have stronger 
positions;  
•  potential inability to obtain, or obtain in a timel y manner, approvals from governmental authorities, which could delay or prevent such 
acquisitions or investments; and  
•  impairment of relationships with employees, vendors  and customers, or the loss of any of our key emplo yees, vendors or customers or our 
target's key employees, vendors or customers, as a result of our acquisition or investment.  Table of Contents  
 
However, hackers may continue to target our securit y controls in the future, and we cannot guarantee t hat our security measures will be able to 
prevent future breaches of our website and/or attac ks on our products.  
Portions of our IT infrastructure also may experien ce interruptions, delays or cessations of service o r produce errors in connection with 
systemic failures, systems integration or migration  work that takes place from time to time. We may no t be successful in implementing new systems 
and transitioning data, which could cause business disruptions and be more expensive, time consuming, disruptive and resource- intensive. Such 
disruptions could adversely impact our ability to f ulfill orders and interrupt other processes. Delaye d sales, lower margins or lost customers 
resulting from these disruptions could adversely af fect our financial results, stock price and reputat ion.  
We may not be able to attract and retain qualified employees which could negatively impact our busines s.  
Our future success and ability to compete are subst antially dependent on our ability to identify, hire , train and retain highly qualified key 
personnel.  The market for key employees in the tec hnology industry can be competitive.  None of our k ey employees is bound by an employment 
agreement, meaning our relationships with all of ou r key employees are at will.  The loss of the servi ces of any of our key employees without an 
adequate replacement or our inability to hire new e mployees as needed could delay our product developm ent efforts, harm our ability to sell our 
products or otherwise negatively impact our busines s.  
We are dependent on third parties for assembly, tes ting and packaging of our products, which reduces o ur control over our product delivery 
schedule, product quantity or product quality.  
Our products are assembled, tested and packaged by independent subcontractors, such as Advanced Semico nductor Engineering, Inc., 
ChipPAC, JSI Logistics, Ltd., King Yuan Electronics  Co. and Siliconware Precision Industries Co. Ltd. As a result, we do not directly control our 
product delivery schedules, product quantity, or pr oduct quality.  All of these subcontractors assembl e, test and package products for other 
companies, including some of our competitors.  Sinc e we do not have long- term agreements with our subcontractors, when deman d for 
subcontractors to assemble, test or package product s is high, our subcontractors may decide to priorit ize the orders of other customers over our 
orders.  Since the time required to qualify a diffe rent subcontractor to assemble, test or package our  products can be lengthy, if we have to find a 
replacement subcontractor we could experience signi ficant delays in shipments of our products, product  shortages, a decrease in the quality of our 
products, or an increase in product cost. Any produ ct shortages or quality assurance problems could in crease the costs of manufacture, assembly or 
testing of our products, which could cause our gros s margin to decline.   
We rely on third- party vendors to supply software development tools to us for the development of our new products and w e may be unable to 
obtain the tools necessary to develop or enhance ne w or existing products.  
We rely on third- party software development tools to assist us in th e design, simulation and verification of new produc ts or product 
enhancements. To bring new products or product enha ncements to market in a timely manner, or at all, w e need software development tools that are 
sophisticated enough or technologically advanced en ough to complete our design, simulations and verifi cations.  In the past, we have experienced 
delays in the introduction of products as a result of the inability of then available software develop ment tools to fully simulate the complex features 
and functionalities of our products. In the future,  the design requirements necessary to meet consumer  demands for more features and greater 
functionality from our products may exceed the capa bilities of available software development tools.  Unavailability of software development tools 
may result in our missing design cycles or losing d esign wins, either of which could result in a loss of market share or negatively impact our 
operating results.  
Because of the importance of software development t ools to the development and enhancement of our prod ucts, a critical component of our 
product development efforts is our partnerships wit h leaders in the computer- aided design industry, including Cadence Design Sys tems, Inc. and 
Synopsys, Inc. We have invested significant resourc es to develop relationships with these industry lea ders and have often assisted them in the 
definition of their new products. We believe that f orming these relationships and utilizing next- generation development tools to design, simulate 
and verify our products will help us remain at the forefront of the 3D graphics, communications and ne tworking segments and develop products that 
utilize leading- edge technology on a rapid basis. If these relation ships are not successful, we may be unable to devel op new products or product 
enhancements in a timely manner, which could result  in a loss of market share, a decrease in revenue o r a negative impact on our operating results.  
 
22  Table of Contents  
 
If our products contain significant defects, our fi nancial results could be negatively impacted, our r eputation could be damaged and we could 
lose market share.  
Our products are complex and may contain defects or  experience failures due to any number of issues in  design, fabrication, packaging, 
materials and/or use within a system. If any of our  products or technologies contains a defect, compat ibility issue or other error, we may have to 
invest additional research and development efforts to find and correct the issue.  Such efforts could divert our engineers' attention from the 
development of new products and technologies and co uld increase our operating costs and reduce our gro ss margin. In addition, an error or defect in 
new products or releases or related software driver s after commencement of commercial shipments could result in failure to achieve market 
acceptance or loss of design wins. Also, we may be required to reimburse customers, including our cust omers' costs to repair or replace products in 
the field. A product recall or a significant number  of product returns could be expensive, could damag e our reputation, could result in the shifting of 
business to our competitors and could result in lit igation against us. Costs associated with correctin g defects, errors, bugs or other issues could be 
significant and could materially harm our financial  results.  During fiscal years 2011, 2010 and 2009,  we recorded net warranty charges of $466.4 
million against cost of revenue to cover anticipate d customer warranty, repair, return, replacement an d other costs arising from a weak 
die/packaging material set used in certain versions  of our previous generation MCP and GPU products us ed in notebook configurations and shipped 
after July 2008. Please see the risk entitled “We a re subject to litigation which, if determined adver sely to us, could harm our business” for further 
information regarding this product defect.   
We are subject to risks associated with internation al operations which may harm our business.  
We conduct our business worldwide.  Our semiconduct or wafers are manufactured, assembled, tested and p ackaged by third- parties located 
outside of the United States and other Americas.  W e generated 74% , 78% and 83% of our revenue for fiscal years 2013,  2012 and 2011, 
respectively, from sales to customers outside the U nited States and other Americas.  As of January 27,  2013, we had offices in 16 countries outside 
of the United States.  The manufacture, assembly, t est and packaging of our products outside of the Un ited States, operation of offices outside of the 
United States, and sales to customers international ly subjects us to a number of risks, including:  
 
If sales to any of our customers outside of the Uni ted States and other Americas are delayed or cancel led because of any of the above factors, 
our revenue may be negatively impacted.  
Our international operations in China, Finland, Fra nce, Germany, Hong Kong, India, Italy, Japan, Korea , Russia, Singapore, Sweden, 
Switzerland, United Arab Emirates, Taiwan and the U nited Kingdom are subject to many of the above list ed risks. Difficulties with our 
international operations, including finding appropr iate staffing and office space, may divert manageme nt's attention and other resources, any of 
which could negatively impact our operating results .  
 
23  •  international economic and political conditions, su ch as political tensions between countries in which  we do business; 
•  unexpected changes in, or impositions of, legislati ve or regulatory requirements;   
•  complying with a variety of foreign laws; 
•  differing legal standards with respect to protectio n of intellectual property and employment practices ; 
•  local business and cultural factors that differ fro m our normal standards and practices, including bus iness practices that we are prohibited 
from engaging in by the Foreign Corrupt Practices A ct and other anticorruption laws and regulations;  
•  inadequate local infrastructure that could result i n business disruptions; 
•  exporting or importing issues related to export or import restrictions, tariffs, quotas and other trad e barriers and restrictions;  
•  financial risks such as longer payment cycles, diff iculty in collecting accounts receivable and fluctu ations in currency exchange rates; 
•  imposition of additional taxes and penalties; 
•  increased costs due to imposition of climate change  regulations, such as carbon taxes, fuel or energy taxes, and pollution limits; and 
•  other factors beyond our control such as terrorism,  cyber attack, civil unrest, war and diseases. Table of Contents  
 
Legal and regulatory requirements differ among juri sdictions worldwide. Violations of these laws and r egulations could result in fines; criminal 
sanctions against us, our officers, or our employee s; prohibitions on the conduct of our business; and  damage to our reputation. Although we have 
policies, controls, and procedures designed to ensu re compliance with foreign laws, many of these laws  and regulations are ambiguous and are often 
interpreted and enforced in unpredictable ways.  
The economic conditions in our primary overseas mar kets, particularly in Asia, may negatively impact t he demand for our products abroad. All 
of our international sales to date have been denomi nated in United States dollars. Accordingly, an inc rease in the value of the United States dollar 
relative to foreign currencies could make our produ cts less competitive in international markets or re quire us to assume the risk of denominating 
certain sales in foreign currencies. We anticipate that these factors will impact our business to a gr eater degree as we further expand our 
international business activities.  
Our investment portfolio may become impaired by det erioration of the capital markets.  
Our cash equivalent and marketable securities portf olio as of January 27, 2013 consisted of cash and c ash equivalents, commercial paper, 
mortgage-backed securities issued by Government- sponsored enterprises, money market funds and debt securities of corporations, municipalities 
and the United States government and its agencies. We follow an established investment policy and set of guidelines, designed to preserve 
principal, minimize risk, and monitor and help miti gate our exposure to interest rate and credit risk.   The policy sets forth credit quality standards 
and limits our exposure to any one issuer, as well as our maximum exposure to various asset classes, a nd a variety of financial instruments, 
consisting principally of cash and cash equivalents , commercial paper, mortgage-backed securities issu ed by Government- sponsored enterprises, 
money market funds and debt securities of corporati ons, municipalities and the United States governmen t and its agencies.  
Should financial market conditions worsen in the fu ture, investments in some financial instruments may  pose risks arising from market 
liquidity and credit concerns. In addition, any det erioration of the capital markets could cause our o ther income and expense to vary from 
expectations. As of January 27, 2013, we had no mat erial impairment charges associated with our short- term investment portfolio, and although we 
believe our current investment portfolio has very l ittle risk of material impairment, we cannot predic t future market conditions or market liquidity, 
or credit availability, and can provide no assuranc e that our investment portfolio will remain materia lly unimpaired.   
Risks Related to Regulatory, Legal, Our Common Stoc k and Other Matters  
We are subject to litigation which, if determined a dversely to us, could harm our business.  
  For example, we are engaged in litigation with pa rties related to our acquisition of 3dfx in 2001. I n addition, in September, October and 
November 2008, several putative securities class ac tion lawsuits were filed against for alleged defect s in our previous generation MCP and GPU 
products. As of January 27, 2013, we recorded a tot al cumulative net warranty charge of $475.9 million , of which $466.4 million has been charged 
against cost of revenue, to cover anticipated custo mer warranty, repair, return, replacement and other  costs arising from a weak die/packaging 
material set used in certain versions of our previo us generation MCP and GPU products shipped after Ju ly 2008 and used in notebook 
configuration. The previous generation MCP and GPU products that are impacted were included in a numbe r of notebook products that were 
shipped and sold in significant quantities. Certain  notebook configurations of these MCP and GPU produ cts are failing in the field at higher than 
normal rates. Testing suggests a weak material set of die/package combination, system thermal manageme nt designs, and customer use patterns are 
contributing factors for these failures.  We have w orked with our customers to develop and have made a vailable for download a software driver to 
cause the system fan to begin operation at the powe ring up of the system and reduce the thermal stress  on these chips. We have also recommended 
to our customers that they consider changing the th ermal management of the products in their notebook system designs. Although we believe this 
issue has been nearly fully remediated, we remain c ommitted to fully support our customers in their re pair and replacement of these impacted 
products that fail, and their other efforts to miti gate the consequences of these failures. We continu e to not see any abnormal failure rates in any 
systems using NVIDIA products other than certain no tebook configurations. However, we are continuing t o test and otherwise investigate other 
products. There can be no assurance that we will no t discover defects in other products. Please refer to Note 13 of the Notes to the Consolidated 
Financial Statements in Part IV, Item 15 of this An nual Report on Form 10-K for further details on the se lawsuits.  
 
      
 
24  Table of Contents  
 
There can be no assurance that any litigation to wh ich we are a party will be resolved in our favor. A ny claim that is successfully decided against us 
may cause us to pay substantial damages, including punitive damages, and other related fees or prevent  us from selling or importing certain of our 
products. Regardless of whether lawsuits are resolv ed in our favor or if we are the plaintiff or the d efendant in the litigation, any lawsuits to which 
we are a party will likely be expensive and time co nsuming to defend or resolve. Such lawsuits could r esult in the diversion of management's time 
and attention away from business operations, which could harm our business. Such lawsuits could also h arm our relationships with existing 
customers and result in the diversion of management 's time and attention away from business operations , which could harm our business. Costs of 
defense and any damages resulting from litigation, a ruling against us, or a settlement of the litigat ion could adversely affect our cash flow and 
financial results.  
 
Our ability to compete will be harmed if we are una ble to adequately protect our intellectual property .  
We rely primarily on a combination of patents, trad emarks, trade secrets, employee and third- party nondisclosure agreements, and licensing 
arrangements to protect our intellectual property i n the United States and internationally. We have nu merous patents issued, allowed and pending in 
the United States and in foreign jurisdictions. Our  patents and pending patent applications primarily relate to our products and the technology used 
in connection with our products. We also rely on in ternational treaties, organizations and foreign law s to protect our intellectual property. The laws 
of certain foreign countries in which our products are or may be manufactured or sold, including vario us countries in Asia, may not protect our 
products or intellectual property rights to the sam e extent as the laws of the United States. This mak es the possibility of piracy of our technology 
and products more likely. We continuously assess wh ether and where to seek formal protection for parti cular innovations and technologies based on 
such factors as:   
 
Our pending patent applications and any future appl ications may not be approved. In addition, any issu ed patents may not provide us with 
competitive advantages or may be challenged by thir d parties.  
Changes in United States tax legislation regarding our foreign earnings could adversely impact our bus iness.  
   
Currently, a majority of our revenue is generated f rom customers located outside the United States, an d a significant portion of our assets, 
including employees, are located outside the United  States.  United States income taxes and foreign wi thholding taxes have not been provided on 
undistributed earnings for certain non- United States subsidiaries, because such earnings a re intended to be indefinitely reinvested in the op erations 
of those subsidiaries.  Throughout the period of Pr esident Obama's administration, the White House has  proposed various international tax 
measures, some of which, if enacted into law, would  substantially reduce our ability to defer United S tates taxes on such indefinitely reinvested 
non-United States earnings, eliminate certain tax deduc tions until foreign earnings are repatriated to the  United States and/or otherwise cause the 
total tax cost of U.S. multinational corporations t o increase. If these or similar proposals are const ituted into legislation in the current or future ye ar 
(s), they could have a negative impact on our finan cial position and results of operations.  
   
Our operating results may be adversely affected if we are subject to unexpected tax liabilities.  
   
We are subject to taxation by a number of taxing au thorities both in the United States and throughout the world. Tax rates vary among the 
jurisdictions in which we operate. Significant judg ment is required in determining our provision for o ur income taxes as there are many transactions 
and calculations where the ultimate tax determinati on is uncertain. Although we believe our tax estima tes are reasonable, any of the below could 
cause our effective tax rate to be materially diffe rent than that which is reflected in historical inc ome tax provisions and accruals:  
 
25  •  the commercial significance of our operations and o ur competitors' operations in particular countries and regions; 
•  the location in which our products are manufactured ; 
•  our strategic technology or product directions in d ifferent countries; and 
•  the degree to which intellectual property laws exis t and are meaningfully enforced in different jurisd ictions. 
•  the jurisdictions in which profits are determined t o be earned and taxed; 
•  adjustments to estimated taxes upon finalization of  various tax returns; 
•  changes in available tax credits; 
•  changes in stock- based compensation expense; Table of Contents  
 
 
    
Should additional taxes be assessed as a result of any of the above, our operating results could be ad versely affected. In addition, our future 
effective tax rate could be adversely affected by c hanges in the mix of earnings in countries with dif fering statutory tax rates, changes in tax laws or 
changes in the interpretation of tax laws.  
 
Litigation to defend against alleged infringement o f intellectual property rights or to enforce our in tellectual property rights and the outcome 
of such litigation could result in substantial cost s to us.  
We expect that as the number of issued hardware and  software patents increases and as competition inte nsifies, the volume of intellectual 
property infringement claims and lawsuits may incre ase. We may in the future become involved in lawsui ts or other legal proceedings alleging 
patent infringement or other intellectual property rights violations by us or that we have agreed to i ndemnify our customers for certain claims of 
infringement.  
An unfavorable ruling in any such intellectual prop erty related litigation could include significant d amages, invalidation of a patent or family of 
patents, indemnification of customers, payment of l ost profits, or, when it has been sought, injunctiv e relief.  
In addition, in the future, we may need to commence  litigation or other legal proceedings in order to:    
 
If we have to initiate litigation in order to prote ct our intellectual property, our operating expense s may increase which could negatively impact 
our operating results. Our failure to effectively p rotect our intellectual property could harm our bus iness.  
If infringement claims are made against us or our p roducts are found to infringe a third parties' pate nt or intellectual property, we or one of our 
indemnified customers may have to seek a license to  the third parties' patent or other intellectual pr operty rights. However, we may not be able to 
obtain licenses at all or on terms acceptable to us  particularly from our competitors. If we or one of  our indemnified customers is unable to obtain a 
license from a third party for technology that we u se or that is used in one of our products, we could  be subject to substantial liabilities or have to 
suspend or discontinue the manufacture and sale of one or more of our products.  We may also have to m ake royalty or other payments, or cross 
license our technology. If these arrangements are n ot concluded on commercially reasonable terms, our business could be negatively impacted. 
Furthermore, the indemnification of a customer may increase our operating expenses which could negativ ely impact our operating results.  
We are subject to the risks of owning real property .  
During fiscal year 2009, we purchased real property  in Santa Clara, California that includes approxima tely 25 acres of land and ten commercial 
buildings and expect to break ground on a new build ing for our corporate headquarters campus in Santa Clara in fiscal year 2014. We also own real 
property in China and India. We have limited experi ence in the ownership and management of real proper ty and are subject to the risks of owning 
real property, including:  
 
26  •  changes in tax laws, the interpretation of tax laws  either in the United States or abroad or the issua nce of  new interpretative accounting 
guidance related to transactions and calculations w here the tax  treatment was previously uncertain; a nd  
•  the resolution of issues arising from tax audits wi th various tax authorities. 
•  assert claims of infringement of our intellectual p roperty; 
•  enforce our patents; 
•  protect our trade secrets or know- how; or 
•  determine the enforceability, scope and validity of  the propriety rights of others. 
•  the possibility of environmental contamination and the costs associated with mitigating any environmen tal problems; 
•  adverse changes in the value of these properties, d ue to interest rate changes, changes in the market in which the property is located, or 
other factors;  
•  the risk of loss if we decide to sell and are not a ble to recover all capitalized costs; 
•  increased cash commitments for the planned construc tion of our Santa Clara campus; 
•  the possible need for structural improvements in or der to comply with zoning, seismic and other legal or regulatory requirements; Table of Contents  
 
 
Expensing employee equity compensation adversely af fects our operating results and could also adversel y affect our competitive position.  
Since inception, we have used equity through our eq uity incentive plans and our employee stock purchas e program as a fundamental 
component of our compensation packages. We believe that these programs directly motivate our employees  and, through the use of vesting, 
encourage our employees to remain with us.   
We record compensation expense for stock options, r estricted stock units and our employee stock purcha se plan using the fair value of those 
awards in accordance with generally accepted accoun ting principles in United States of America, or U.S . GAAP. Stock- based compensation 
expense was $136.7 million, $136.4 million and $100 .4 million for fiscal years 2013, 2012 and 2011, re spectively, related to on- going vesting of 
equity awards, which negatively impacted our operat ing results.  
To the extent that expensing employee equity compen sation makes it more expensive to grant stock optio ns and restricted stock units or to 
continue to have an employee stock purchase program , we may decide to incur increased cash compensatio n costs. In addition, actions that we may 
take to reduce stock- based compensation expense that may be more severe than any actions our competitors may implement and may make it 
difficult to attract retain and motivate employees,  which could adversely affect our competitive posit ion as well as our business and operating 
results.  
We may be required to record a charge to earnings i f our goodwill or amortizable intangible assets bec ome impaired, which could negatively 
impact our operating results.  
Under U.S. GAAP, we review our amortizable intangib le assets and goodwill for impairment when events o r changes in circumstances indicate 
the carrying value may not be recoverable. Goodwill  is tested for impairment at least annually. The ca rrying value of our goodwill or amortizable 
assets from acquisitions may not be recoverable due  to factors such as a decline in stock price and ma rket capitalization, reduced estimates of future 
cash flows and slower growth rates in our industry or in any of our business units. Estimates of futur e cash flows are based on an updated long- term 
financial outlook of our operations. However, actua l performance in the near-term or long- term could be materially different from these forec asts, 
which could impact future estimates. For example, i f one of our business units does not meet its near- term and longer- term forecasts, the goodwill 
assigned to the business unit could be impaired. We  may be required to record a charge to earnings in our financial statements during a period in 
which an impairment of our goodwill or amortizable intangible assets is determined to exist, which may  negatively impact our results of operations. 
Our failure to comply with any applicable environme ntal regulations could result in a range of consequ ences, including fines, suspension of 
production, excess inventory, sales limitations, an d criminal and civil liabilities.  
We are subject to various state, federal and intern ational laws and regulations governing the environm ent, including restricting the presence of 
certain substances in electronic products and makin g producers of those products financially responsib le for the collection, treatment, recycling and 
disposal of those products.  Although our managemen t systems are designed to maintain compliance, we c annot assure you that we have been or 
will be at all times in complete compliance with su ch laws and regulations. If we violate or fail to c omply with any of them, a range of 
consequences could result, including fines, import/ export restrictions, sales limitations, criminal an d civil liabilities or other sanctions. We could 
also be held liable for any and all consequences ar ising out of exposure to hazardous materials used, stored, released, disposed of by us or located 
at, under or emanating from our facilities or other  environmental or natural resource damage.  
Environmental laws are complex, change frequently a nd have tended to become more stringent over time. For example, the European Union 
and China are two among a growing number of jurisdi ctions that have enacted in recent years restrictio ns on the use of lead, among other 
chemicals, in electronic products. These regulation s affect semiconductor packaging. There is a risk t hat the cost, quality and manufacturing yields 
of lead-free products may be less favorable compare d to lead-based products or that the transition to lead-free products may produce sudden 
changes in demand, which may result in excess inven tory.  
 
27  •  increased operating expenses for the buildings or t he property or both; 
•  possible disputes with third parties, such as neigh boring owners or others, related to the buildings o r the  property or both; and 
•  the risk of financial loss in excess of amounts cov ered by insurance, or uninsured risks, such as the loss caused by damage to the buildings 
as a result of earthquakes, floods and or other nat ural disasters.  Table of Contents  
 
There is also a movement to improve the transparenc y and accountability concerning the supply of miner als coming from the conflict zones in 
and around the Democratic Republic of Congo. New U. S. legislation includes disclosure requirements reg arding the use of “conflict” minerals 
mined from the Democratic Republic of Congo and adj oining countries. The implementation of these requi rements could affect the sourcing and 
availability of minerals used in the manufacture of  semiconductor devices. As a result, there may only  be a limited pool of suppliers who provide 
conflict-free metals, and we cannot assure you that we will be able to obtain products in sufficient quantities  or at competitive prices. Furthermore, 
we may incur additional costs associated with compl ying with these disclosure requirements, including costs related to determining the source of 
any “conflict” minerals in our products. Also, since our supply ch ain is complex, we may face reputational challenges  with our customers and other 
stockholders if we are unable to sufficiently verif y the origins for all metals used in our products. Some customers may require that all of our 
products are certified to be conflict-free; if we c annot satisfy these customers, they may choose a co mpetitor's products.  
Future environmental legal requirements may become more stringent or costly and our compliance costs a nd potential liabilities arising from 
past and future releases of, or exposure to, hazard ous substances may harm our business and our reputa tion.  
While we believe that we have adequate internal con trol over financial reporting, if we or our indepen dent registered public accounting 
firm determines that we do not, our reputation may be adversely affected and our stock price may decli ne.  
Section 404 of the Sarbanes- Oxley Act of 2002 requires our management to report  on, and our independent registered public accounti ng firm to 
audit, the effectiveness of our internal control st ructure and procedures for financial reporting. We have an ongoing program to perform the system 
and process evaluation and testing necessary to com ply with these requirements. However, the manner in  which companies and their independent 
public accounting firms apply these requirements an d test companies' internal controls remains subject  to some judgment. To date, we have 
incurred, and we expect to continue to incur, incre ased expense and to devote additional management re sources to Section 404 compliance. Despite 
our efforts, if we identify a material weakness in our internal controls, there can be no assurance th at we will be able to remediate that material 
weakness in a timely manner, or that we will be abl e to maintain all of the controls necessary to dete rmine that our internal control over financial 
reporting is effective. In the event that our chief  executive officer, interim chief financial officer  or our independent registered public accounting 
firm determine that our internal control over finan cial reporting is not effective as defined under Se ction 404, investor perceptions of us may be 
adversely affected and could cause a decline in the  market price of our stock.  
Changes in financial accounting standards or interp retations of existing standards could affect our re ported results of operations.  
We prepare our consolidated financial statements in  conformity with U.S. GAAP.  These principles are c onstantly subject to review and 
interpretation by the SEC and various bodies formed  to interpret and create appropriate accounting pri nciples. A change in these principles can have 
a significant effect on our reported results and ma y even retroactively affect previously reported tra nsactions.  Additionally, changes in existing 
accounting rules or practices, including the possib le conversion to unified international accounting s tandards, could have a significant adverse effect 
on our results of operations or the manner in which  we conduct our business.  
Provisions in our certificate of incorporation, our  bylaws and our agreement with Microsoft Corporatio n could delay or prevent a change in 
control.   
Our certificate of incorporation and bylaws contain  provisions that could make it more difficult for a  third party to acquire a majority of our 
outstanding voting stock. These provisions include the following:  
 
On March 5, 2000, we entered into an agreement with  Microsoft in which we agreed to develop and sell g raphics chips and to license certain 
technology to Microsoft and its licensees for use i n the Xbox. Under the agreement, if an individual o r corporation makes an offer to purchase 
shares equal to or greater than 30% of the outstand ing shares of our common stock, Microsoft may have first and last rights of refusal to purchase 
the stock. The Microsoft provision and the other fa ctors listed above could also delay or prevent a ch ange in control of NVIDIA.  
 
 
28  •  the ability of our Board of Directors to create and  issue preferred stock without prior stockholder ap proval; 
•  the prohibition of stockholder action by written co nsent; 
•  a classified Board of Directors, which will become fully declassified from and after our 2014 Annual M eeting of Stockholders; and 
•  advance notice requirements for director nomination s and stockholder proposals. Table of Contents  
 
ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS  
   
Not applicable.  
   
ITEM 2. PROPERTIES  
 
Our headquarters complex is located in Santa Clara,  California. Our corporate campus is comprised of a pproximately 36 acres of land and 
twelve commercial buildings and seven other leased buildings with five used primarily as office buildi ngs, one used primarily as warehouse space 
and the other remaining used primarily as lab space . In addition, we also lease a data center space in  Santa Clara.  
   
Outside of Santa Clara, we lease space in Austin an d Richardson, Texas; Beaverton, Oregon; Bedford, Ma rion, and Westford, Massachusetts; 
Bellevue, Bothell and Redmond, Washington; Madison,  Alabama; Durham, North Carolina; Greenville, South  Carolina; Orlando, Florida; Salt 
Lake City, Utah; St. Louis, Missouri;  Fort Collins  and Boulder, Colorado; and Charlottesville, Virgin ia. These facilities are used as design centers 
and/or sales and administrative offices.  
   
Outside of the United States, we lease space in Hsi nChu City, Taiwan; Tokyo, Japan; Seoul, Korea; Beij ing, Shanghai, Tianjin and Xi'an, 
China;  Shatin, Hong Kong; Mumbai, India; Courbevoi e and Sophia Antipolis, France; Moscow, Russia; Ber lin and Munich, Germany; Helsinki, 
Finland; Milan, Italy; Bristol, Cambridge, Theale a nd London, United Kingdom; Dubai, United Arab Emira tes; Ontario, Canada; Singapore; Lund 
and Uppsala, Sweden; and Zurich, Switzerland. These  facilities are used primarily to support our custo mers and operations and as sales and 
administrative offices.  We also lease spaces in Wu erselen, Germany; Shenzhen, China; Taipei City, Tai wan; and Bangalore and Pune, India, which 
are used primarily as design centers.  Additionally , we own buildings in Hyderabad, India and Shanghai , China which are being used primarily as 
research and development centers.  
 
In fiscal year 2014, we expect to break ground on a  new building for our corporate headquarters campus  in Santa Clara to provide for our near-
term growth needs. This 500,000 square foot buildin g will provide 2,500 seats and be built on land we purchased five years ago.  
   
We believe that we currently have sufficient facili ties to conduct our operations for the next twelve months, although we expect to lease 
additional facilities throughout the world as our b usiness requires. For additional information regard ing obligations under leases, see  Note 13 of the 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in P art IV, Item 15 of this Annual Report on Form 10 -K under the subheading “Lease Obligations,”
which information is hereby incorporated by referen ce.  
 
 
ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS  
   
3dfx  
On December 15, 2000, NVIDIA and one of our indirec t subsidiaries entered into an Asset Purchase Agree ment, or APA, to purchase certain 
graphics chip assets from 3dfx.  The transaction cl osed on April 18, 2001.  That acquisition, and 3dfx 's October 2002 bankruptcy filing, led to four 
lawsuits against NVIDIA: two brought by 3dfx's form er landlords, one by 3dfx's bankruptcy trustee and the fourth by a committee of 3dfx's equity 
security holders in the bankruptcy estate.  The two  landlord cases have been settled with payments fro m the landlords to NVIDIA, and the equity 
security holders lawsuit was dismissed with prejudi ce and no appeal was filed.  Accordingly, only the bankruptcy trustee suit remains outstanding 
as more fully explained below.    
In March 2003, the Trustee appointed by the Bankrup tcy Court to represent 3dfx's bankruptcy estate ser ved a complaint on NVIDIA asserting 
claims for, among other things, successor liability  and fraudulent transfer and seeking additional pay ments from us.  The Trustee's fraudulent 
transfer theory alleged that NVIDIA had failed to p ay reasonably equivalent value for 3dfx's assets, a nd sought recovery of the difference between 
the $70.0 million paid and the alleged fair value, which the Trustee estimated to exceed $50.0 million  .  The Trustee's successor liability theory 
alleged NVIDIA was effectively 3dfx's legal success or and therefore was responsible for all of 3dfx's unpaid liabilities.     
On October 13, 2005, the Bankruptcy Court heard the  Trustee's motion for summary adjudication, and on December 23, 2005, denied that 
motion in all material respects and held that NVIDI A may not dispute that the value of the 3dfx transa ction was less than $108.0 million . The 
Bankruptcy Court denied the Trustee's request to fi nd that the value of the 3dfx assets conveyed to NV IDIA was at least $108.0 million.   
 
29  Table of Contents  
 
In early November 2005, after several months of med iation, NVIDIA and the Official Committee of Unsecu red Creditors, or the Creditors' 
Committee, agreed to a Plan of Liquidation of 3dfx,  which included a conditional settlement of the Tru stee's claims against us. This conditional 
settlement was subject to a confirmation process th rough a vote of creditors and the review and approv al of the Bankruptcy Court. The conditional 
settlement called for a payment by NVIDIA of approx imately $30.6 million to the 3dfx estate. Under the  settlement, $5.6 million related to various 
administrative expenses and Trustee fees, and $25.0  million related to the satisfaction of debts and liabilitie s owed to the general unsecured 
creditors of 3dfx. Accordingly, during the three mo nth period ended October 30, 2005, we recorded $5.6  million as a charge to settlement costs and 
$25.0 million as additional purchase price for 3dfx .  The Trustee advised that he intended to object t o the settlement. The conditional settlement 
never progressed substantially through the confirma tion process.  
On December 21, 2006, the Bankruptcy Court schedule d a trial for one portion of the Trustee's case aga inst NVIDIA. On January 2, 2007, 
NVIDIA terminated the settlement agreement on groun ds that the Bankruptcy Court had failed to proceed toward confirmation of the Creditors' 
Committee's plan. A non- jury trial began on March 21, 2007 on valuation iss ues in the Trustee's constructive fraudulent transf er claims against 
NVIDIA. Specifically, the Bankruptcy Court tried fo ur questions: (1) what did 3dfx transfer to NVIDIA in the APA; (2) of what was transferred, 
what qualifies as “property” subject to the Bankruptcy Court's avoidance powers under the Uniform Fraudulent Transfer Act and relev ant 
bankruptcy code provisions; (3) what is the fair ma rket value of the “property” identified in answer to question (2); and (4) was t he $70.0 million 
that NVIDIA paid “reasonably equivalent” to the fai r market value of that property. The parties comple ted post-trial briefing on May 25, 2007.  
On April 30, 2008, the Bankruptcy Court issued its Memorandum Decision After Trial, in which it provid ed a detailed summary of the trial 
proceedings and the parties' contentions and eviden ce and concluded that “the creditors of 3dfx were n ot injured by the Transaction.”  This decision 
did not entirely dispose of the Trustee's action, h owever, as the Trustee's claims for successor liabi lity and intentional fraudulent conveyance were 
still pending.  On June 19, 2008, NVIDIA filed a mo tion for summary judgment to convert the Memorandum  Decision After Trial to a final 
judgment.  That motion was granted in its entirety and judgment was entered in NVIDIA's favor on Septe mber 11, 2008.  The Trustee filed a Notice 
of Appeal from that judgment on September 22, 2008,  and on September 25, 2008, NVIDIA exercised its el ection to have the appeal heard by the 
United States District Court.      
The District Court's hearing on the Trustee's appea l was held on June 10, 2009. On December 20, 2010, the District Court issued an Order 
affirming the Bankruptcy Court's entry of summary j udgment in NVIDIA's favor. On January 19, 2011, the  Trustee filed a Notice of Appeal to the 
United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circui t. The appeal is currently pending.  
While the conditional settlement reached in Novembe r 2005 never progressed through the confirmation pr ocess, the Trustee's case still remains 
pending on appeal.  Accordingly, we have not revers ed the accrual of $30.6 million - $ 5.6 million as a charge to settlement costs and $25 .0 million 
as additional purchase price for 3dfx - that we recorded during the three months ended Octo ber 30, 2005, pending resolution of the appeal of t he 
Trustee's case.   
Product Defect Litigation and Securities Cases  
Product Defect Litigation  
In September, October and November 2008, several pu tative consumer class action lawsuits were filed ag ainst us, asserting various claims 
arising from a weak die/packaging material set in c ertain versions of our previous generation products  used in notebook configurations.   On 
February 26, 2009, the various lawsuits were consol idated in the United States District Court for the Northern District of California, San Jose 
Division, under the caption “The NVIDIA GPU Litigat ion.” On March 2, 2009, several of the parties filed moti ons for appointment of lead counsel 
and briefs addressing certain related issues.  On A pril 10, 2009, the District Court appointed Milberg  LLP lead counsel.  On May 6, 2009, the 
plaintiffs filed an Amended Consolidated Complaint,  alleging claims for violations of California Busin ess and Professions Code Section 17200, 
Breach of Implied Warranty under California Civil C ode Section 1792, Breach of the Implied Warranty of  Merchantability under the laws of 27 
other states, Breach of Warranty under the Magnuson -Moss Warranty Act, Unjust Enrichment, violations of  the New Jersey Consumer Fraud Act, 
Strict Liability and Negligence, and violation of C alifornia's Consumer Legal Remedies Act.  
After extensive motion practice and litigation, pla intiffs on December 14, 2009 filed a Second Amended  Consolidated Complaint seeking 
unspecified damages and asserting claims for violat ions of California Business and Professions Code Se ction 17200, Breach of Implied Warranty 
under California Civil Code Section 1792, Breach of  Warranty under the Magnuson- Moss Warranty Act, violations of the New Jersey Con sumer 
Fraud Act, Strict Liability and Negligence, and vio lation of California's Consumer Legal Remedies Act.       
 
30  Table of Contents  
 
On July 16, 2010, the parties filed a stipulation w ith the District Court advising that, following med iation they had reached a settlement in 
principle in The NVIDIA GPU Litigation.  The settle ment in principle was subject to certain approvals,  including final approval by the court.  As a 
result of the settlement in principle, and the othe r estimated settlement, and offsetting insurance re imbursements, NVIDIA recorded a net charge of 
$12.7 million to sales, general and administrative expense during the second quarter of fiscal year 20 11.  In addition, a portion of the $181.2 million 
of additional charges we recorded against cost of r evenue related to the weak die/packaging set during  the second quarter of fiscal year 2011, relates 
to estimated additional repair and replacement cost s related to the implementation of these settlement s. On August 12, 2010, the parties executed a 
Stipulation and Agreement of Settlement and Release . On September 15, 2010, the Court issued an order granting preliminary approval of the 
settlement and providing for notice to the potentia l class members. The Final Approval Hearing was hel d on December 20, 2010, and on that same 
day the Court approved the settlement and entered F inal Judgment over several objections. In January 2 011, several objectors filed Notices of 
Appeal of the Final Judgment to the United States C ourt of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. The appeal i s currently pending.  
On July 22, 2011, a putative class action titled Gr anfield v. NVIDIA Corp. was filed in federal court in Massachusetts asserting claims for 
breach of implied warranties arising out of the wea k die/packaging material set, on behalf of a class of consumers alleged to not be covered by the 
settlement approved by the California court in The NVIDIA GPU Litigation.  On November 3, 2011 the act ion was transferred to the Northern 
District of California, San Francisco Division, bas ed upon stipulation of the parties.  On December 30 , 2011, Plaintiff filed a First Amended 
Complaint asserting claims for violation of Califor nia Consumers Legal Remedies Act and Unfair Competi tion Law.  On March 19, 2012, Plaintiff 
filed a Second Amended Complaint asserting claims f or California Consumers Legal Remedies Act and Unfa ir Competition Law violations, Breach 
of Implied Warranty, and violations of the Massachu setts consumer protection statutes. NVIDIA filed a motion to dismiss the Second Amended 
Complaint on April 12, 2012.  
On July 12, 2012, the District Court dismissed six of the seven asserted causes of action with prejudi ce, allowing only one cause of action for 
violation of the Massachusetts consumer protection statute to continue, and instructed Plaintiff to fi le an amended complaint consistent with its 
Order. On August 15, 2012, Plaintiff indicated that  he would not be filing an amended complaint. The G ranfield case is now over.  
Securities Cases  
In September 2008, three putative securities class actions, or the Actions, were filed in the United S tates District Court for the Northern District 
of California arising out of our announcements on J uly 2, 2008, that we would take a charge against co st of revenue to cover anticipated costs and 
expenses arising from a weak die/packaging material  set in certain versions of our previous generation  MCP and GPU products and that we were 
revising financial guidance for our second quarter of fiscal year 2009. The Actions purport to be brou ght on behalf of purchasers of NVIDIA stock 
and assert claims for violations of Sections 10(b) and 20(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, a s amended, or the Securities Exchange Act. 
On October 30, 2008, the Actions were consolidated under the caption In re NVIDIA Corporation Securiti es Litigation, Civil Action No. 08-CV-
04260-JW (HRL). Lead Plaintiffs and Lead Plaintiffs ' Counsel were appointed on December 23, 2008. On F ebruary 6, 2009, co- Lead Plaintiff filed 
a Writ of Mandamus with the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals challenging the designation of co-Lead Plai ntiffs' Counsel. On February 19, 2009, co-
Lead Plaintiff filed with the District Court, a mot ion to stay the District Court proceedings pending resolution of the Writ of Mandamus by the 
Ninth Circuit. On February 24, 2009, Judge Ware gra nted the stay. On November 5, 2009, the Court of Ap peals issued an opinion reversing the 
District Court's appointment of one of the lead pla intiffs' counsel, and remanding the matter for furt her proceedings.   On December 8, 2009, the 
District Court appointed Milberg LLP and Kahn Swick  & Foti, LLC as co-lead counsel.    
On January 22, 2010, Plaintiffs filed a Consolidate d Amended Class Action Complaint for Violations of the Federal Securities Laws, asserting 
claims for violations of Section 10(b), Rule 10b- 5, and Section 20(a) of the Securities Exchange Act .  The consolidated complaint sought 
unspecified compensatory damages.  We filed a motio n to dismiss the consolidated complaint in March 20 10 and a hearing was held on June 24, 
2010 before Judge Seeborg. On October 19, 2010, Jud ge Seeborg granted our motion to dismiss with leave  to amend. On December 2, 2010, co-
Lead Plaintiffs filed a Second Consolidated Amended  Complaint.  We moved to dismiss the Second Consoli dated Amended Complaint on February 
14, 2011. Following oral argument, on October 12, 2 011, Judge Seeborg granted our motion to dismiss wi thout leave to amend, and on November 
8, 2011, Plaintiffs filed a Notice of Appeal to the  Ninth Circuit. The appeal has been fully briefed, but the Ninth Circuit has not yet set a hearing 
date.  
     
 
31  Table of Contents  
 
Accounting for Loss Contingencies  
While there can be no assurance of favorable outcom es, we believe the claims made by other parties in the above ongoing matters are without 
merit and we intend to vigorously defend the action s. With the exception of the 3dfx and product defec t litigation cases, we have not recorded any 
accrual for contingent liabilities associated with the legal proceedings described above based on our belief that liabilities, while possible, are not 
probable. Further, any possible range of loss in th ese matters cannot be reasonably estimated at this time. We are engaged in other legal actions not 
described above arising in the ordinary course of i ts business and, while there can be no assurance of  favorable outcomes, we believe that the 
ultimate outcome of these actions will not have a m aterial adverse effect on our operating results, li quidity or financial position.  
ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES  
 
Not Applicable.  
 
32  Table of Contents  
 
PART II  
 
 
ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT’ S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND IS SUER PURCHASES 
OF EQUITY SECURITIES  
   
Our common stock is traded on the NASDAQ Global Sel ect Market under the symbol NVDA. Public trading of  our common stock began on 
January 22, 1999. Prior to that, there was no publi c market for our common stock. As of March 8, 2013,  we had approximately 399 registered 
stockholders, not including those shares held in st reet or nominee name. The following table sets fort h for the periods indicated the high and low 
sales price for our common stock as quoted on the N ASDAQ Global Select Market:  
 
 
Dividend Policy  
   
Prior to fiscal year 2013, we had never declared or  paid any dividend on shares of our common stock. O n November 8, 2012, we announced 
the initiation of a quarterly cash dividend program . This quarterly dividend of $0.075 per share is eq uivalent to $0.30 per share on an annual basis. 
The initial cash dividend was paid on December 14, 2012 to all common stockholders of record at the cl ose of business on November 23, 2012. A 
subsequent cash dividend of $0.075 per share was de clared on February 13, 2013, payable on March 21, 2 013 to all common stockholders of record 
at the close of business on February 28, 2013. In f iscal year 2013, we paid $46.9 million in dividends  to our common stockholders.  
 
Our cash dividend program and the payment of future  cash dividends under that program are subject to c ontinued capital availability and our 
Board of Directors' continuing determination that t he dividend program and the declaration of dividend s thereunder are in the best interests of our 
stockholders and are in compliance with all laws an d agreements of NVIDIA applicable to the declaratio n and payment of cash dividends.  
 
Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities  
 
In fiscal year 2007, our Board of Directors authori zed us, subject to certain specifications, to repur chase shares of our common stock up to an 
aggregate maximum amount of $2.7 billion through Ma y 2013.  In October 2012, the Board extended the pr ogram through December 2014. The 
repurchases will be made from time to time in the o pen market, in privately negotiated transactions, o r in structured stock repurchase programs, and 
may be made in one or more larger repurchases, in c ompliance with Rule 10b- 18 of the Exchange Act, subject to market condition s, applicable 
legal requirements, and other factors. The program does not obligate NVIDIA to acquire any particular amount of common stock and the program 
may be suspended at any time at our discretion. As part of our share repurchase program, we have enter ed into, and we may continue to enter into, 
structured share repurchase transactions with finan cial institutions. These agreements generally requi re that we make an up- front payment in 
exchange for the right to receive a fixed number of  shares of our common stock upon execution of the a greement, and a potential incremental 
number of shares of our common stock, within a pre- determined range, at the end of the term of the agr eement.  
 
 
 
 
33     High    Low  
Fiscal year ending January 26, 2014          
First Quarter (through March 8, 2013)  $ 13.00    $ 12.05  
Fiscal year ended January 27, 2013          
Fourth Quarter  $ 13.19    $ 11.15  
Third Quarter  $ 15.22    $ 11.83  
Second Quarter  $ 13.90    $ 11.63  
First Quarter  $ 16.90    $ 12.75  
Fiscal year ended January 29, 2012          
Fourth Quarter  $ 16.05    $ 13.11  
Third Quarter  $ 16.10    $ 11.47  
Second Quarter  $ 20.52    $ 13.59  
First Quarter  $ 26.17    $ 16.83  Table of Contents  
 
The following table presents details of our share r epurchase transactions during the three months ende d January 27, 2013 (in millions, except 
per share amounts):  
 
 
(1) During November 2012, we entered into an accele rated share repurchase agreement, or an ASR, with a n investment bank, under which 
we prepaid $100.0 million to purchase shares of our  common stock. The aggregate number of shares ultim ately purchased was determined based on 
the volume weighted- average share price, minus a discount, of our commo n stock over a specified period of time.  By Novemb er 29, 2012, the 
investment bank delivered 7.3 million minimum share s. The contract was settled on January 24, 2013, an d we received an additional 1.1 million 
shares at that time. The total number of shares rep urchased under this ASR was 8.4 million shares at a  weighted-average price of $11.90 per share.  
 
Through January 27, 2013, we have repurchased an ag gregate of 99.3 million shares under our stock repu rchase program for a total cost of 
$1.56 billion.  As of January 27, 2013, we are auth orized, subject to certain specifications, to repur chase shares of our common stock up to $1.14 
billion through December 2014.   
 
In addition to our Board authorized stock repurchas es, we withhold common stock shares associated with  net share settlements to cover tax 
withholding obligations upon the vesting of restric ted stock unit, or RSU, awards under our equity inc entive program.  During the fiscal year 2013, 
we withheld approximately 1.8 million shares at a t otal cost of $25.8 million through net share settle ments.  Please refer to Note 2 of the Notes to 
the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part IV, I tem 15 of this Form 10-K for further discussion reg arding our equity incentive plans.  
 
Stock Performance Graphs  
   
The following graph compares the cumulative total s tockholder return for our common stock, the S&P 500  Index and the S&P 
Semiconductors Index for the five years ended Janua ry 27, 2013. The graph assumes that $100 was invest ed on January 27, 2008 in our common 
stock or on January 31, 2008 in each of the S&P 500  Index and the S & P Semiconductors Index. Total re turn assumes reinvestment of dividends in 
each of the indices indicated. Our results are calc ulated on fiscal year- end basis and each of the S&P 500 Index and the S&P  Semiconductors Index 
are calculated on month-end basis. Total return is based on historical results and is not intended to indicate future performance.  
 
 
34  Period     Total Number of 
Shares Purchased     Average Price Paid 
per Share (1)     Total Number of Shares 
Purchased as Part of 
Publicly Announced Plans 
or Programs     Approximate Dollar Value 
of Shares that May Yet Be 
Purchased Under the 
Plans or Programs  
October 29, 2012 - 
November 25, 2012     —     —     —     $1,235.7  
November 26, 2012 - 
December 23, 2012     7.3     $13.69     7.3     $1,135.7  
December 24, 2012 - 
January 27, 2013     1.1     —     1.1     $1,135.7  
Total     8.4           8.4        Table of Contents  
 
  
 
 
 
35  
   1/27/2008      1/25/2009      1/31/2010      1/30/2011      1/29/2012      1/27/2013  
NVIDIA Corporation  $  100.00    $  30.90    $  61.68    $  95.23    $  59.76    $  50.06    
S&P 500  $  100.00    $  61.37    $  81.71    $  99.84    $  104.05    $  121.51    
S&P Semiconductors  $  100.00    $  59.94    $  94.10    $  122.80    $  130.57    $  117.43    Table of Contents  
 
The following graph compares the cumulative total s tockholder return for our common stock, the S&P 500  Index and the S&P 
Semiconductors Index for the ten years ended Januar y 27, 2013. The graph assumes that $100 was investe d on January 26, 2003 in our common 
stock or on January 31, 2003 in each of the S&P 500  Index and the S&P Semiconductors Index. Total retu rn assumes reinvestment of dividends in 
each of the indices indicated. Our results are calc ulated on fiscal year- end basis and each of the S&P 500 Index and the S&P  Semiconductors Index 
are calculated on month-end basis. Total return is based on historical results and is not intended to indicate future performance.        
 
  
 
 
36  
   1/26/2003    1/25/2004    1/30/2005    1/29/2006    1/28/2007    1/27/2008    1/25/2009    1/31/2010    1/30/2011    1/29/2012    1/27/2013  
NVIDIA Corporation  $ 100.00    $ 227.04    $ 224.98    $ 454.77    $ 618.88    $ 735.99    $ 227.43    $ 453.98    $ 700.88    $ 439.82    $ 368.47  
S&P 500  $ 100.00    $ 134.57    $ 142.96    $ 157.79    $ 180.70    $ 176.52    $ 108.34    $ 144.23    $ 176.23    $ 183.67    $ 214.49  
S&P Semiconductors  $ 100.00    $ 199.05    $ 149.60    $ 172.97    $ 162.86    $ 151.77    $ 90.98    $ 142.82    $ 186.38    $ 198.18    $ 178.22  Table of Contents  
 
 
ITEM 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA  
   
The following selected financial data should be rea d in conjunction with our financial statements and the notes thereto, and with Item 7, 
“Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.” The consolidated statements of operations data for the 
fiscal years ended January 27, 2013 , January 29, 2 012 and January 30, 2011 and the consolidated balan ce sheet data as of January 27, 2013 and 
January 29, 2012 have been derived from and should be read in conjunction with our audited consolidate d financial statements and the notes thereto 
included in Part IV, Item 15 in this Annual Report on Form 10-K.  We operate on a 52- or 53- week year, ending on the last Sunday in 
January.  Fiscal years 2013, 2012, 2011 and 2009 we re 52-week years, while fiscal year 2010 was a 53-w eek year.  
  
   
 
 
 
37     Year Ended  
   January 27,  
2013 (A)    January 29,  
2012    January 30,  
2011 (B,C)    January 31,  
2010 (B,D)    January 25,  
2009 (B,E)  
   (In thousands, except per share data)  
Consolidated Statement of Operations Data:                         
Revenue  $ 4,280,159    $ 3,997,930    $ 3,543,309    $ 3,326,445    $ 3,424,859  
Income (loss) from operations  $ 648,239    $ 648,299    $ 255,747    $ (98,945 )   $ (70,700 ) 
Net income (loss)  $ 562,536    $ 581,090    $ 253,146    $ (67,987 )   $ (30,041 ) 
Basic net income (loss) per share  $ 0.91    $ 0.96    $ 0.44    $ (0.12 )   $ (0.05 ) 
Diluted net income (loss) per share  $ 0.90    $ 0.94    $ 0.43    $ (0.12 )   $ (0.05 ) 
Shares used in basic per share computation  619,324    603,646    575,177    549,574    548,126  
Shares used in diluted per share computation  624,957    616,371    588,684    549,574    548,126  
   Year Ended  
   January 27,  
2013 (F)    January 29,  
2012 (G)    January 30,  
2011    January 31,  
2010    January 25,  
2009  
   (In thousands, except per share data)  
Consolidated Balance Sheet Data:                         
Cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities  $ 3,727,883    $ 3,129,576    $ 2,490,563    $ 1,728,227    $ 1,255,390  
Total assets  $ 6,412,245    $ 5,552,928    $ 4,495,246    $ 3,585,918    $ 3,350,727  
Capital lease obligations, less current portion  $ 18,998    $ 21,439    $ 23,389    $ 24,450    $ 25,634  
Total stockholders’ equity  $ 4,827,703    $ 4,145,724    $ 3,181,462    $ 2,665,140    $ 2,394,652  
Cash dividends declared and paid per common share  $ 0.075    $ —   $ —   $ —   $ — 
(A)  Fiscal year 2013 includes $20.1 million as the net present value of a $25 million charitable contribut ion pledged on June 12, 2012 to Stanford 
Hospital and Clinic, payable over a ten year period , which reduced income from operations.  
(B)  We recorded a net warranty charge of $193.9 million , $94.0 million and $188.0 million, during fiscal y ears 2011, 2010 and 2009, respectively, 
which reduced income from operations to cover antic ipated customer warranty, repair, return, replaceme nt and other costs arising from a weak 
die/packaging material set used in certain versions  of our previous generation MCP and GPU products sh ipped after July 2008 and used in 
notebook configurations.  
(C)  On January 10, 2011, we entered into a six- year cross licensing agreement with Intel and also mutually agreed to settle all outstanding legal 
disputes.  For accounting purposes, the fair valued  benefit prescribed to the settlement portion was $ 57.0 million, which was recorded within 
income from operations in fiscal year 2011.  Table of Contents  
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FIN ANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS  
   
The following discussion and analysis of our financ ial condition and results of operations should be r ead in conjunction with “ Item 1A. Risk 
Factors”, “Item 6. Selected Financial Data”, our Consolidated Financial Statements and related N otes thereto, as well as other cautionary statement s 
and risks described elsewhere in this Annual Report  on Form 10-K, before deciding to purchase, hold or  sell shares of our common stock.  
   
Overview  
 
Our Company  
 
NVIDIA is a visual computing company, connecting pe ople through the powerful medium of computer graphi cs. In a world increasingly filled 
with visual displays, our graphics technologies let  our customers interact with the world of digital i deas, information and entertainment with an 
efficiency that no other communication medium can p rovide. Visualization transcends cultural and langu age boundaries and enhances the quality of 
life whether the setting is work or pleasure and th e task is mission critical or for entertainment.  
We have long been known to millions around the worl d for creating the graphics chips used in PCs that bring video games to life. With our 
invention of the GPU, we introduced the world to th e power of programmable shading, which defines mode rn computer graphics. Today, we reach 
well beyond PC graphics and games. Our energy- efficient processors are at the heart of products r anging from mobile devices to supercomputers. 
PC gamers choose our GPUs by name to enjoy immersiv e fantasy worlds. Our Tegra processors power smartp hones, tablets and automobile 
infotainment systems. Professional designers use ou r GPUs to create visual effects in movies and desig n everything from audio headsets to 
commercial aircraft. And supercomputers take advant age of the massively parallel processing capabiliti es of our GPUs to accelerate a wide range of 
important applications, from simulations of viruses  at the molecular level, to modern weather forecast ing and global oil exploration.  
NVIDIA's research and development in visual computi ng has yielded more than 5,000 patents granted or p ending worldwide, and including 
ones covering inventions essential to modern comput ing.  
Our businesses are based on two important technolog ies: the GPU and the Tegra processor. GPUs, each wi th billions of transistors, are the 
engine of visual computing and among the world's mo st complex processors. We have GPU product brands d esigned for specific users and 
applications: GeForce for gamers; Quadro for design ers; Tesla for researchers; and GRID VGX for cloud- based server graphics modules. We 
recently announced the NVIDIA GRID visual computing  appliance, a fully integrated system with GRID VGX  graphics modules that run 
NVIDIA's proprietary system software. GRID is a fir st -of-its-kind device, designed to serve graphics- intensive applications from the cloud 
simultaneously to a large number of concurrent user s.  
 
38  (D)  Fiscal year 2010 includes impact of charge for a te nder offer to purchase an aggregate of 28.5 million  outstanding stock options for a total cash 
payment of $78.1 million. As a result of the tender  offer, we incurred a charge of $140.2 million, con sisting of the remaining unamortized 
stock-based compensation expenses associated with t he unvested portion of the options tendered in the offer, stock- based compensation 
expense resulting from amounts paid in excess of th e fair value of the underlying options, plus associ ated payroll taxes and professional fees.  
(E)  Fiscal year 2009 includes $18.9 million for a non-recurring charge resulting from the termination of a development contract related to a new 
campus construction project we had put on hold and $8.0 million for restructuring charges.  
(F)  On November 8, 2012, we initiated a quarterly divid end payment and announced our initial quarterly div idend of 7.5 cents per share, or 30 
cents on an annual basis.  
(G)  On June 10, 2011, we completed the acquisition of I cera, Inc. for total cash consideration of $352.2 m illion, and recorded goodwill of $271.2 
million.  Table of Contents  
 
The Tegra processor is a system-on-a-chip, or SOC, integrating an entire computer on a single chip. Te gra processors incorporate multi- core 
GPUs and CPUs together with audio, video and input/ output capabilities. They can also be integrated wi th baseband processors for phone and data 
communication. Unlike power-inefficient processors built for PCs, our Tegra SOC conserves power while delivering state-of-the- art graphics and 
multimedia processing. Tegra runs devices like smar tphones, tablets and PCs; it can also be embedded i nto smart devices, such as televisions, 
monitors, set- top boxes, gaming devices and cars. We recently ann ounced Project SHIELD, the first Android device des igned for gaming. Project 
SHIELD features our Tegra 4 processor, contains pro prietary NVIDIA- developed software and system technologies and leve rages our deep 
partnerships with game developers all over the worl d.  
Headquartered in Santa Clara, California, we were i ncorporated in California in April 1993 and reincor porated in Delaware in April 1998.  
Our Businesses  
We have two primary reporting segments - the GPU business and the Tegra Processor business. During the last several years, we have operated 
and reported three reporting segments - the GPU business, the Professional Solutions busine ss, and the Consumer Products business. However, 
during the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2013, we b egan reporting two segments to reflect the way we a re now managing our businesses internally 
which is based on whether the underlying products l everage our GPU or our Tegra processor technologies . Comparative periods presented reflect 
this change.  
 
Our GPU business leverages our GPU technology acros s multiple end markets. It now comprises four prima ry product lines including GeForce 
for desktop and notebook PCs and Macs; Quadro for p rofessional workstations; Tesla for high- performance servers and workstations; and NVIDIA 
GRID for server graphics solutions. It also include s other related products, licenses and revenue supp orting the GPU business, such as memory 
products. Our Tegra Processor business comprises pr oduct lines primarily based on our Tegra SOC and mo dem processor technologies. This 
includes Tegra for smartphones and tablets for both  Android and Windows RT- based devices; automotive computers, including info tainment and 
navigation systems; and gaming devices such as Proj ect SHIELD. It also includes other related products , licenses, and revenue supporting the Tegra 
Processor business such as Icera baseband processor s and RF transceivers, embedded products, and licen ses and other revenue associated with 
game consoles.  
In addition to the two reporting segments discussed  above, the “All Other” category primarily includes licensing revenue from our patent cross 
licensing agreement with Intel.  
 
  Recent Developments, Future Objectives and Challeng es  
 
GPU Business  
 
During fiscal year 2013, we launched our new Kepler  GPU architecture across our GPU products. Kepler w as initially launched in our GeForce 
desktop and notebook PC products in early fiscal ye ar 2013 and gradually powered Tesla and Quadro devi ces during the second half of fiscal year 
2013. Our Kepler products are faster, smaller and m ore power efficient than products based on our prev ious architecture.  
 
In our Tesla product line, we introduced the K10 an d K20 family of GPU accelerators based on the Keple r architecture during fiscal year 2013, 
making the technology behind the world's fastest su percomputer, Titan, at Oak Ridge National Laborator y available to all. We also announced that 
the space research organization in India was utiliz ing their Supercomputer for Aerospace with GPU Arch itecture, or SAGA, system to improve the 
design and analysis of new and existing satellite l aunch vehicles.  
 
Additionally, we launched the GRID VGX, a first-of- its kind technology, which makes it possible to acc ess graphics- intensive applications on 
a remote server from virtually any computing device , anywhere by connecting to the cloud, instead of o n a local PC or workstation. With our new 
GRID VGX product line, we are leveraging GPUs beyon d the PC into the server.  
 
Tegra Processor Business  
 
During fiscal year 2013, the first Tegra 3 phone, t he HTC One X, was launched. Further, Fujitsu's Arro ws X, a quad- core LTE smartphone 
powered by Tegra 3, began shipping into Japan in th e second quarter of fiscal year 2013.  
 
During fiscal year 2013, Google launched its Nexus 7 tablet powered by our Tegra 3. Nexus was the firs t device to run Jelly Bean, the latest 
version of the Android operating system. Several Wi ndows RT devices powered by Tegra 3 also came to ma rket this year including the Asus 
VivoTab RT, IdeaPad Yoga 11 from Lenovo, and Micros oft Surface RT.  
 
39  Table of Contents  
 
 
Tegra processors began shipping in the 17-inch touc hscreen and navigation system in Tesla Motors' new Model S during this year.  
 
We also announced Project SHIELD at the 2013 Consum er Electronics Show. Project SHIELD is a unique And roid gaming device. Powered by our 
Tegra 4 processor, it integrates a 5-inch retinal d isplay, a console-grade game controller and the fir st mobile tuned-port, bass reflex speakers.  
 
Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates  
   
Management’ s discussion and analysis of financial condition an d results of operations are based upon our consolid ated financial statements, 
which have been prepared in accordance with U.S. GA AP. The preparation of these financial statements r equires us to make estimates and 
judgments that affect the reported amounts of asset s, liabilities, revenue, cost of revenue, expenses and related disclosure of contingencies. On an 
on-going basis, we evaluate our estimates, including t hose related to revenue recognition, cash equivalen ts and marketable securities, accounts 
receivable, inventories, income taxes, goodwill, st ock-based compensation, warranty liabilities, litigatio n, investigation and settlement costs and 
other contingencies. We base our estimates on histo rical experience and on various other assumptions t hat are believed to be reasonable under the 
circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of a ssets and liabilities.  
   
We believe the following critical accounting polici es affect our significant judgments and estimates u sed in the preparation of our consolidated 
financial statements. Our management has discussed the development and selection of these critical acc ounting policies and estimates with the 
Audit Committee of our Board of Directors.  The Aud it Committee has reviewed our disclosures relating to our critical accounting policies and 
estimates in this Annual Report on Form 10-K.    
     
Revenue Recognition  
   
Product Revenue  
 
We recognize revenue from product sales when persua sive evidence of an arrangement exists, the product  has been delivered, the price is fixed 
or determinable and collection of the related recei vable is reasonably assured. For most sales, we use  a binding purchase order and in certain cases 
we use a contractual agreement as evidence of an ar rangement. We consider delivery to occur upon shipm ent provided title and risk of loss have 
passed to the customer. At the point of sale, we as sess whether the arrangement fee is fixed or determ inable and whether collection is reasonably 
assured. If we determine that collection of a fee i s not reasonably assured, we defer the fee and reco gnize revenue at the time collection becomes 
reasonably assured, which is generally upon receipt  of payment.  
   
Our policy on sales to certain distributors, with r ights of return, is to defer recognition of revenue  and related cost of revenue until the 
distributors resell the product, as the level of re turns cannot be reasonably estimated.  
 
Our customer programs primarily involve rebates, wh ich are designed to serve as sales incentives to re sellers of our products in various target 
markets. We accrue for 100% of the potential rebate s and do not apply a breakage factor. We recognize a liability for these rebates at the later of the 
date at which we record the related revenue or the date at which we offer the rebate. Rebates typicall y expire six months from the date of the 
original sale, unless we reasonably believe that th e customer intends to claim the rebate. Unclaimed r ebates are reversed to revenue.  
   
Our customer programs also include marketing develo pment funds, or MDFs. We account for MDFs as either  a reduction of revenue or an 
operating expense, depending on the nature of the p rogram.  MDFs represent monies paid to retailers, s ystem builders, original equipment 
manufacturers, or OEMs, distributors and add- in card partners that are earmarked for market segm ent development and expansion and typically are 
designed to support our partners’ activities while also promoting NVIDIA products. De pending on market conditions, we may take actions t o 
increase amounts offered under customer programs, p ossibly resulting in an incremental reduction of re venue at the time such programs are offered. 
 
We also record a reduction to revenue by establishi ng a sales return allowance for estimated product r eturns at the time revenue is recognized, 
based primarily on historical return rates. However , if product returns for a particular fiscal period  exceed historical return rates we may determine 
that additional sales return allowances are require d to properly reflect our estimated exposure for pr oduct returns.  
 
 
40  Table of Contents  
 
License and Development Revenue  
   
For license arrangements that require significant c ustomization of our intellectual property component s, we generally recognize the related 
revenue over the period that services are performed . For most license and service arrangements, we det ermine progress to completion based on 
actual direct labor hours incurred to date as a per centage of the estimated total direct labor hours r equired to complete the project. We periodically 
evaluate the actual status of each project to ensur e that the estimates to complete each contract rema in accurate. A provision for estimated losses on 
contracts is made in the period in which the loss b ecomes probable and can be reasonably estimated. Co sts incurred in advance of revenue 
recognized are recorded as deferred costs on uncomp leted contracts. If the amount billed exceeds the a mount of revenue recognized, the excess 
amount is recorded as deferred revenue. Revenue rec ognized in any period is dependent on our progress toward completion of projects in progress. 
Significant management judgment and discretion are used to estimate total direct labor hours. Any chan ges in or deviations from these estimates 
could have a material effect on the amount of reven ue we recognize in any period.  
 
For license arrangements that do not require signif icant customization but where we are obligated to p rovide further deliverables over the term 
of the license agreement, we record revenue over th e life of the license term, with consideration rece ived in advance of the performance period 
classified as deferred revenue.  
 
Royalty revenue is recognized related to the distri bution or sale of products that use our technologie s under license agreements with third 
parties.  We recognize royalty revenue upon receipt  of a confirmation of earned royalties and when col lectability is reasonably assured from the 
applicable licensee.  
   
Accounts Receivable  
   
We maintain an allowance for doubtful accounts rece ivable for estimated losses resulting from the inab ility of our customers to make required 
payments.  Management determines this allowance, wh ich consists of an amount identified for specific c ustomer issues as well as an amount based 
on overall estimated exposure. Our accounts receiva ble are highly concentrated and make us vulnerable to adverse changes in our customers 
businesses, and to downturns in the industry and th e worldwide economy.   Our overall estimated exposu re excludes significant amounts that are 
covered by credit insurance and letters of credit. If the financial condition of our customers, the fi nancial institutions providing letters of credit, o r 
our credit insurance carrier were to deteriorate, r esulting in an impairment of their ability to make payments, additional allowances may be required 
that could adversely affect our operating results. Furthermore, there can be no assurance that we will  be able to continue to obtain credit insurance 
in the future.  
 
As of January 27, 2013, our allowance for doubtful accounts receivable was $1.8 million and our gross accounts receivable balance was $473.6 
million. Of the $473.6 million, $71.1 million was c overed by credit insurance and $9.2 million was cov ered by letters of credit. If the financial 
condition of our customers were to deteriorate, res ulting in an impairment of their ability to make pa yments, additional allowances may be required 
and we may have to record additional reserves or wr ite-offs on certain sales transactions in the future. F actors impacting the allowance include the 
level of gross receivables, the financial condition  of our customers and the extent to which balances are covered by credit insurance or letters of 
credit. We have incurred cumulative bad debts of $0 .8 million over the last three fiscal years.  As a result of our low bad debt experience, our 
allowance for doubtful accounts receivable has rang ed between 0.2% and 0.4% during fiscal years 2013 a nd 2012. As of January 27, 2013, our 
allowance for doubtful accounts receivable represen ted 0.4% of our gross accounts receivable balance.  
 
  Inventories  
     
Inventory cost is computed on an adjusted standard basis, which approximates actual cost on an average  or first-in, first- out basis. Inventory 
costs consist primarily of the cost of semiconducto rs purchased from subcontractors, including wafer f abrication, assembly, testing and packaging, 
manufacturing support costs, including labor and ov erhead associated with such purchases, final test y ield fallout, inventory provisions and 
shipping costs. We write down our inventory to the lower of cost or estimated market value. Obsolete o r unmarketable inventory is completely 
written off based upon assumptions about future dem and, future product purchase commitments, estimated  manufacturing yield levels and market 
conditions. If actual market conditions are less fa vorable than those projected by management, or if o ur current inventory or our future product 
purchase commitments to our suppliers exceed our fo recasted future demand for such products, additiona l future inventory write- downs may be 
required that could adversely affect our operating results. Inventory reserves once established are no t reversed until the related inventory has been 
sold or scrapped.  If actual market conditions are more favorable than expected and we sell products t hat we have previously written down, our 
reported gross margin would be favorably impacted.  
 
 
41  Table of Contents  
 
As of January 27, 2013, our inventory reserve was $ 118.5 million. As a percentage of our gross invento ry balance, our inventory reserve has 
ranged between 15.0% and 30.6% during fiscal years 2013 and 2012. As of January 27, 2013, our inventor y reserve represented 22.0% of our gross 
inventory balance.  
   
Warranty Liabilities  
 
Cost of revenue includes the estimated cost of prod uct warranties that are calculated at the point of revenue recognition. Under limited 
circumstances, we may offer an extended limited war ranty to customers for certain products.  Our produ cts are complex and may contain defects or 
experience failures due to any number of issues in design, fabrication, packaging, materials and/or us e within a system. If any of our products or 
technologies contains a defect, compatibility issue  or other error, we may have to invest additional r esearch and development efforts to find and 
correct the issue.  Such efforts could divert our m anagement’s and engineers’ attention from the development of new products and technologies and 
could increase our operating costs and reduce our g ross margin. In addition, an error or defect in new  products or releases or related software 
drivers after commencement of commercial shipments could result in failure to achieve market acceptanc e or loss of design wins. Also, we may be 
required to reimburse customers, including our cust omers’ costs to repair or replace products in the field. A  product recall or a significant number 
of product returns could be expensive, damage our r eputation and could result in the shifting of busin ess to our competitors. Costs associated with 
correcting defects, errors, bugs or other issues co uld be significant and could materially harm our fi nancial results.  
     
During the three fiscal years ended January 30, 201 1, we recorded a cumulative net charge of $475.9 mi llion, most of which was charged against 
cost of revenue, to cover customer warranty, repair , return, replacement and other costs arising from a weak die/packaging material set in certain 
versions of our previous generation MCP and GPU pro ducts used in notebook configurations. Determining the amount of the warranty charges 
related to this issue required management to make e stimates and judgments based on historical experien ce, test data and various other assumptions 
including estimated field failure rates that we bel ieve to be reasonable under the circumstances. The results of these judgments formed the basis for 
our estimate of the total charge to cover anticipat ed customer warranty, repair, return and replacemen t and other associated costs. If the actual 
repair, return, replacement and other associated co sts and/or actual field failure rates exceed our es timates, we may be required to record additional 
reserves, which would increase our cost of revenue and materially harm our financial results.  
 
Income Taxes  
 
 We recognize federal, state and foreign current ta x liabilities or assets based on our estimate of ta xes payable or refundable in the current fiscal 
year by tax jurisdiction. We recognize federal, sta te and foreign deferred tax assets or liabilities, as appropriate, for our estimate of future tax effe cts 
attributable to temporary differences and carryforw ards; and we record a valuation allowance to reduce  any deferred tax assets by the amount of any 
tax benefits that, based on available evidence and judgment, are not expected to be realized.  
   
United States income tax has not been provided on e arnings of our non- U.S. subsidiaries to the extent that such earnings are considered to be 
indefinitely reinvested.  
   
Our calculation of current and deferred tax assets and liabilities is based on certain estimates and j udgments and involves dealing with 
uncertainties in the application of complex tax law s. Our estimates of current and deferred tax assets  and liabilities may change based, in part, on 
added certainty or finality to an anticipated outco me, changes in accounting standards or tax laws in the United States, or foreign jurisdictions 
where we operate, or changes in other facts or circ umstances. In addition, we recognize liabilities fo r potential United States and foreign income tax 
contingencies based on our estimate of whether, and  the extent to which, additional taxes may be due. If we determine that payment of these 
amounts is unnecessary or if the recorded tax liabi lity is less than our current assessment, we may be  required to recognize an income tax benefit or 
additional income tax expense in our financial stat ements, accordingly.  
   
 As of January 27, 2013, we had a valuation allowan ce of $224.8 million related to state and certain f oreign deferred tax assets that 
management determined are not likely to be realized  due, in part, to projections of future taxable inc ome and potential utilization limitations of tax 
attributes acquired as a result of stock ownership changes.  To the extent realization of the deferred  tax assets becomes more-likely-than- not, we 
would recognize such deferred tax asset as an incom e tax benefit during the period.  
           
           
 
42  Table of Contents  
 
Our deferred tax assets do not include the excess t ax benefit related to stock- based compensation that are a component of our fede ral and state net 
operating loss and research tax credit carryforward s in the amount of $459.1 million as of January 27,  2013. Consistent with prior years, the excess 
tax benefit reflected in our net operating loss and  research tax credit carryforwards will be accounte d for as a credit to stockholders' equity, if and 
when realized.  In determining if and when excess t ax benefits have been realized, we have elected to utilize the with-and- without approach with 
respect to such excess tax benefits. We have also e lected to ignore the indirect tax effects of stock- based compensation deductions for financial and 
accounting reporting purposes, and specifically to recognize the full effect of the research tax credi t in income from operations.  
 
We recognize the benefit from a tax position only i f it is more-likely-than- not that the position would be sustained upon audit  based solely on 
the technical merits of the tax position. Our polic y is to include interest and penalties related to u nrecognized tax benefits as a component of income 
tax expense. Please refer to Note 14 of the Notes t o the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part IV,  Item 15 of this Annual Report on Form 10- K 
for additional information.   
 
Goodwill  
   
Goodwill is subject to our annual impairment test d uring the fourth quarter of our fiscal year, or ear lier if indicators of potential impairment 
exist, using either a qualitative or a quantitative  assessment.  Our impairment review process compare s the fair value of the reporting unit in which 
the goodwill resides to its carrying value.  We ide ntified four reporting units for the purposes of co mpleting our goodwill analysis.   Determining 
the number of reporting units and the fair value of  a reporting unit requires us to make judgments and  involves the use of significant estimates and 
assumptions. We also make judgments and assumptions  in allocating assets and liabilities to each of ou r reporting units. We base our fair value 
estimates on assumptions we believe to be reasonabl e but that are unpredictable and inherently uncerta in.    
 
In fiscal year 2012, we early adopted an accounting  standard update, commonly referred to as a step ze ro approach, which allows us to first 
assess qualitative factors to determine whether it is necessary to perform the two- step quantitative goodwill impairment test. For rep orting units in 
which the qualitative assessment concludes it is mo re likely than not that the fair value is more than  its carrying value, the amended guidance 
eliminates the requirement to perform further goodw ill impairment testing. For those reporting units w here a significant change or events occur, and 
where potential impairment indicators exist, we con tinue to utilize a two- step quantitative assessment to testing goodwill fo r impairment. The first 
step tests for possible impairment by applying a fa ir value-based test. In computing the fair value of our repo rting units, we use estimates of future 
revenues, costs and cash flows from such units. The  second step, if necessary, measures the amount of such impairment by applying fair value-
based tests to individual assets and liabilities.  
 
Qualitative Assessment  
 
In considering the step zero approach to testing go odwill for impairment, we perform a qualitative ana lysis evaluating factors including, but not 
limited to, macro- economic conditions, market and industry conditions , competitive environment, operational stability an d the overall financial 
performance of the reporting units including cost f actors and budgeted-to-actual revenue results.  
 
During the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2013, we u tilized a qualitative analysis for two reporting un its where no significant change occurred and 
no potential impairment indicators arose since the previous annual evaluation of goodwill and conclude d it is more likely than not that the fair value 
of those reporting units is more than their carryin g values on a reporting unit basis.  
Our next annual evaluation of the goodwill by repor ting unit will be performed during the fourth quart er of fiscal year 2014. If we were to 
encounter challenging economic conditions, such as a decline in our operating results, an unfavorable industry or macroeconomic environment, a 
substantial decline in our stock price, or any othe r adverse change in market conditions, we may be re quired to perform the two- step quantitative 
goodwill impairment analysis. In addition, if such conditions have the effect of changing one of the c ritical assumptions or estimates we use to 
calculate the value of our goodwill, we may be requ ired to record goodwill impairment charges in futur e periods, whether in connection with our 
next annual impairment assessment or prior to that,  if any triggering event occurs outside of the quar ter during which the annual goodwill 
impairment assessment is performed. It is not possi ble at this time to determine if any such future im pairment charge would result or, if it does, 
whether such charge would be material to our result s of operations.  
 
43  Table of Contents  
 
Quantitative Assessment  
We utilized a quantitative assessment to test goodw ill impairment for two reporting units during the f ourth quarter of fiscal year 2013 and 
concluded that there was no impairment as the fair value of our reporting units exceeded their carryin g values by approximately 23% and 208%. 
 We have considered both the income method and mark et method, where applicable, when determining the f air value of reporting units. Our 
goodwill impairment test uses a weighting primarily  towards the income method to estimate the reportin g unit's fair value. The income method is 
based on a discounted future cash flow analysis whi le the market method is based on financial multiple s of comparable companies and applies a 
control premium.  
 
Our estimates of cash flow were based upon, among o ther things, certain assumptions about expected fut ure operating performance, such as 
revenue growth rates, operating margins, risk- adjusted discount rates, and future economic and ma rket conditions. Our estimates of discounted cash 
flow may differ from actual cash flow due to, among  other things, economic conditions, changes to our business model or changes in operating 
performance. Additionally, certain estimates of dis counted cash flow involve businesses with limited f inancial history and developing revenue 
models, which increases the risk of differences bet ween the projected and actual performance. The long -term financial forecasts that we utilize 
represent the best estimate that we have at this ti me and we believe that its underlying assumptions a re reasonable. Significant differences between 
our estimates and actual cash flow could materially  affect our future financial results, which could i mpact our future estimates of the fair value of 
our reporting unit. The market method of determinin g the fair value of our reporting unit requires us to use judgment in the selection of appropriate 
market comparables.  
   
Any significant reductions in the actual amount of cash flows realized by our reporting unit, reductio ns in the value of market comparables, or 
reductions in our market capitalization could impac t future estimates of the fair value of our reporti ng unit. Such events could ultimately result in a 
charge to our earnings in future periods due to the  potential for a write-down of the goodwill associa ted with our reporting unit.  
 
Cash Equivalents and Marketable Securities  
            
Cash equivalents consist of financial instruments w hich are readily convertible into cash and have ori ginal maturities of three months or less at 
the time of acquisition.  Marketable securities con sist primarily of highly liquid investments with ma turities of greater than three months when 
purchased.  We generally classify our marketable se curities at the date of acquisition as available- f or- sale.  These securities are reported at fair 
value with the related unrealized gains and losses included in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss), a component of stockholder’ s 
equity, net of tax.  Any unrealized losses which ar e considered to be other-than- temporary impairments are recorded in the other inc ome (expense) 
section of our consolidated statements of operation s.  Realized gains (losses) on the sale of marketab le securities are determined using the specific-
identification method and recorded in the other inc ome (expense) section of our consolidated statement s of operations. Please refer to Note 9 of the 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in P art IV, Item 15 of this Annual Report on Form 10 -K.  We measure our cash equivalents and 
marketable securities at fair value. The fair value s of our financial assets and liabilities are deter mined using quoted market prices of identical asset s 
or quoted market prices of similar assets from acti ve markets.  Our Level 1 assets consist of our mone y market funds. We classify securities within 
Level 1 assets when the fair value is obtained from  real time quotes for transactions in active exchan ge markets involving identical assets.  Our 
available-for- sale securities are classified as having Level 2 in puts.  Our Level 2 assets are valued utilizing a ma rket approach where the market 
prices of similar assets are provided by a variety of independent industry standard data providers to our investment custodian.  Most of our cash 
equivalents and marketable securities are valued ba sed on Level 2 inputs.  We do not have any investme nt classified as Level 3 as of January 27, 
2013 .  
 
All of our available-for- sale investments are subject to a periodic impairme nt review. We record a charge to earnings when a de cline in fair 
value is significantly below cost basis and judged to be other-than- temporary, or have other indicators of impairments.   If the fair value of an 
available-for-sale debt instrument is less than its  amortized cost basis, an other-than - temporary impairment is triggered in circumstances where (1) 
we intend to sell the instrument, (2) it is more li kely than not that we will be required to sell the instrument before recovery of its amortized cost 
basis, or (3) a credit loss exists where we do not expect to recover the entire amortized cost basis o f the instrument. If we intend to sell or it is mor e 
likely than not that we will be required to sell th e available-for- sale debt instrument before recovery of its amortiz ed cost basis, we recognize an 
other-than- temporary impairment in earnings equal to the entire difference between the debt instrumen ts’ amortized cost basis and its fair 
value.  For available-for-sale debt instruments tha t are considered other-than- temporarily impaired due to the existence of a cred it loss, if we do not 
intend to sell and it is more likely than not that we will be required to sell the instrument before r ecovery of its remaining amortized cost basis 
(amortized cost basis less any current- period credit loss), we separate the amount of the impairment into the amount that is credit related a nd the 
amount due to all other factors.  The credit loss c omponent is recognized in earnings.  
   
 
44  Table of Contents  
 
Stock-based Compensation  
 
We measure stock- based compensation expense based on the estimated f air value of equity awards at the grant date, and r ecognize the expense 
using a straight- line attribution method over the requisite employee  service period. We estimate the fair value of empl oyee stock options on the date 
of grant using a binomial model and we use the clos ing trading price of our common stock on the date o f grant, minus a dividend yield discount, as 
the fair value of awards of restricted stock units,  or RSUs. We calculate the fair value of our employ ee stock purchase plan using the Black- Scholes 
model.  Our stock-based compensation for employee s tock purchase plan is expensed using an accelerated  amortization model.  
 
We determine the fair value of stock option awards on the date of grant using an option- pricing model that is affected by our stock price a s well 
as assumptions regarding a number of highly complex  and subjective variables. These variables include,  but are not limited to, weighted average 
expected term, risk- free interest rate, expected stock price volatility , dividend yield, actual and projected employee sto ck option exercise behaviors, 
vesting schedules and death and disability probabil ities We also segregate options into groups of empl oyees with relatively homogeneous exercise 
behavior in order to calculate the best estimate of  fair value using the binomial valuation model.  
The expected life of employee stock options is a de rived output of our valuation model and is impacted  by the underlying assumption of our 
company. The risk-free interest rate assumption is based upon observed interest rates on Treasury bill s appropriate for the term of our employee 
stock options. Our management has determined that t he use of implied volatility is expected to be more  reflective of market conditions and, 
therefore, can reasonably be expected to be a bette r indicator of our expected volatility than histori cal volatility. Dividend yield is based on history 
and expectation of dividend payouts.  
Prior to the initial declaration of a quarterly cas h dividend on November 8, 2012, the fair value of o ur equity awards was based on an expected 
dividend yield of 0% reflecting our prior history i n which we had not paid and did not expect to pay c ash dividends on our common stock. For 
awards granted on or subsequent to November 8, 2012 , we now use a dividend yield at grant date based o n the per share dividends declared during 
the most recent quarter. Our RSU awards are not eli gible for cash dividends prior to vesting; therefor e, the fair value of RSUs is discounted by the 
dividend yield.  
 
Additionally, for employee stock option and RSU awa rds, we estimate forfeitures annually and revise th e estimates of forfeiture in subsequent 
periods if actual forfeitures differ from those est imates. Forfeitures are estimated based on historic al experience. If factors change and we employ 
different assumptions in the application of account ing standards in future periods, the compensation e xpense that we record under these accounting 
standards may differ significantly from what we hav e recorded in the current period.    
Using the binomial model, we estimated the fair val ue of the stock options granted under our stock opt ion plans using the following assumptions 
during fiscal year 2013:  
    
We used the Black- Scholes model to estimate the fair value of shares issued under our ESPP during fiscal year 2013, usin g the following 
assumptions:  
   
   
 
45  Weighted average expected life (in years)  3.1-4.9 
Risk-free interest rate  1.5%-2.3% 
Volatility  39%-49% 
Dividend yield  2.4% 
Weighted average expected life (in years)  0.5-2.0  
Risk-free interest rate  0.1%-0.3%  
Volatility  44%-47%  
Dividend yield  — Table of Contents  
 
Litigation, Investigation and Settlement Costs  
   
From time to time, we are involved in legal actions  and/or investigations by regulatory bodies. We are  aggressively defending our current 
litigation matters. However, there are many uncerta inties associated with any litigation or investigat ions, and we cannot be certain that these actions 
or other third- party claims against us will be resolved without co stly litigation, fines and/or substantial settlemen t payments. If that occurs, our 
business, financial condition and results of operat ions could be materially and adversely affected. If  information becomes available that causes us to 
determine that a loss in any of our pending litigat ion, investigations or settlements is probable, and  we can reasonably estimate the loss associated 
with such events, we will record the loss in accord ance with U.S. GAAP. However, the actual liability in any such litigation or investigation may be 
materially different from our estimates, which coul d require us to record additional costs.  
 
 
Results of Operations  
   
The following table sets forth, for the periods ind icated, certain items in our consolidated statement s of operations expressed as a percentage of 
revenue.   
 
Fiscal Years Ended January 27, 2013, January 29, 20 12 and January 30, 2011  
   
Revenue  
 
Fiscal Year 2013 vs. Fiscal Year 2012  
 
Revenue was $4.28 billion for fiscal year 2013 and $4.00 billion for fiscal year 2012 , an increase of  7.1% .  A discussion of our revenue results 
for each of our reporting segments and the other ca tegory is as follows:  
 
GPU Business. GPU business revenue increased by 2.0% to $3,251.7 million for fiscal year 2013 when compared to $3,18 6.8 million for fiscal 
year 2012 . This growth was largely attributable to the intro duction of GPUs based on our Kepler architecture in  fiscal year 2013. GeForce 
notebook revenues increased on the strength of Kepl er-based design wins on the Ivy Bridge platform. St rong demand for Kepler- based GeForce 
desktop GPU products also contributed to the increa se in GPU business revenues. The GPU business also benefited from a greater than 36.0% 
increase in Tesla revenue in fiscal 2013. Offsettin g these increases were a decrease in Quadro revenue , which we believe was due primarily to 
general weakness in Western Europe, and a continued  decline in sales of our MCP products as we continu ed to phase out our chipset product line.  
 
 
46      Year Ended  
   January 27, 2013    January 29, 2012   January 30, 2011  
Revenue  100.0 %   100.0 %   100.0  % 
Cost of revenue  48.0    48.6    60.2  
Gross profit  52.0    51.4    39.8  
Operating expenses:               
Research and development  26.8    25.1    24.0  
Sales, general and administrative  10.1    10.1    10.2  
Legal settlement  —   —   (1.6 )  
Total operating expenses  36.9    35.2    32.6  
Income from operations  15.1    16.2    7.2  
Interest and other income, net  0.3    0.4    0.4  
Income before income taxes  15.4    16.6    7.6  
Income tax expense  2.3    2.1    0.5  
Net income  13.1 %   14.5 %   7.1  % Table of Contents  
 
Tegra Processor Business.   Tegra Processor business revenue increased by 29. 3% to $764.4 million for fiscal year 2013 as compared to 
$591.2 million for fiscal year 2012 . This increase  was primarily due to higher sales of our Tegra 3- based smartphones and tablet devices as we 
transitioned from the previous generation Tegra 2-b ased products and introduced our Tegra-3 based proc essors in Windows RT- based tablet 
devices. Additionally, revenues for our embedded pr oducts for entertainment and automotive devices als o increased during fiscal year 2013. 
Offsetting these increases was a decrease in revenu e from license fees and other revenue related to ga me consoles.  
 
All Other. The increase in revenue is also due to revenue from  the patent cross licensing arrangement we entered into with Intel in January 
2011. We recognized $264.0 million in related licen sing revenue during the entire twelve months of fis cal year 2013, while fiscal year 2012 only 
included $220.0 million in related revenue - reflec ting only ten months of the corresponding revenue.    
 
Fiscal Year 2012 vs. Fiscal Year 2011  
   
Revenue was $4.00 billion for fiscal year 2012 and $3.54 billion for fiscal year 2011, an increase of 12.8%. A discussion of our revenue results 
for each of our reporting segments and the other ca tegory is as follows:  
 
GPU Business . GPU business revenue decreased by 4.8% to $3,186. 8 million for fiscal year 2012 when compared to $3, 345.7 million for 
fiscal year 2011. The decrease was primarily attrib utable to a decline in sales of MCP products as we continued to phase out our chipset product 
line.  Memory sales also decreased due to lower sal es volume as decreases in market price for memory m ade it attractive for add- in card 
manufacturers to buy memory directly from the marke t rather than from us. Additionally, our Tesla prod uct revenues decreased from the prior year 
primarily due to lower sales volume.  Offsetting th ese decreases were increases in GeForce desktop and  notebook revenues from continued market 
penetration of our Fermi architecture- based GPUs. Strength of our Fermi architecture and resultant design wins on the Sandy Bridge platform 
contributed to the increase in GeForce notebook rev enues. Quadro revenues improved slightly as the ave rage selling price, or ASP, for workstation 
products improved due to the recovery of corporate spending following the economic recession that bega n during fiscal year 2009.     
 
Tegra Processor Business.   Tegra Processor business revenue increased by 199 .2% to $591.2 million for fiscal year 2012 as compared to 
$197.6 million for fiscal year 2011.  This increase  in revenue was primarily driven by sales growth fr om the acceleration of our Tegra 2 smartphone 
and tablet products in the mobile market and in emb edded product revenues primarily related to the ent ertainment markets.  Revenue from 
development arrangements and license fees related t o game consoles remained stable in fiscal year 2012  when compared to fiscal year 2011.  
 
All Other. Revenue increased primarily due to the recognition of $220.0 million of licensing revenue in fiscal ye ar 2012 from the patent cross 
licensing arrangement with Intel that we entered in to in January 2011 and began recognizing in April 2 011.  
 
Concentration of Revenue  
   
We generated 74% , 78% and 83% of our total revenue  for fiscal years 2013 , 2012 and 2011, respectively, from sales to custom ers outside the 
United States and other Americas. Revenue by geogra phic region is allocated to individual countries ba sed on the location to which the products are 
initially billed even if the foreign contract equip ment manufacturers, add-in board and motherboard ma nufacturers’ revenue is attributable to end 
customers in a different location.  
 
Revenue from significant customers, those represent ing 10% or more of total revenue for the respective  dates, is summarized as follows:   
   
 
47     Year Ended  
   January 27,  
2013    January 29,  
2012    January 30,  
2011  
Revenue:               
Customer A  13 %   11 %   — 
Customer B  —   —   12 % Table of Contents  
 
Gross Profit and Gross Margin  
   
Gross profit consists of total revenue, net of allo wances, less cost of revenue. Cost of revenue consi sts primarily of the cost of semiconductors 
purchased from subcontractors, including wafer fabr ication, assembly, testing and packaging, manufactu ring support costs, including labor and 
overhead associated with such purchases, final test  yield fallout, inventory and warranty provisions a nd shipping costs. Cost of revenue also 
includes development costs for license, service arr angements and stock-based compensation related to p ersonnel associated with manufacturing.  
   
Gross margin is the percentage of gross profit to r evenue.  Our gross margin was 52.0%, 51.4% and 39.8 % for fiscal years 2013 , 2012 and 
2011, respectively.  Our gross margin is significan tly impacted by the mix of products we sell and can  vary in any period depending on that product 
mix.  
 
Our strategy for improving our gross margin relies upon delivering competitive product offerings that allow us to maintain our market 
leadership position and expand our addressable mark ets, lowering our product costs by introducing prod uct architectures that take advantage of 
smaller process geometries and improving our produc t mix.  However, we may experience difficulties in the transition to new manufacturing 
processes. We expect gross margin for the first qua rter of fiscal year 2014 to stay flat relative to t he fourth quarter of fiscal year 2013.  
 
A discussion of our gross margin results for each o f our reporting segments is as follows:  
 
Fiscal Year 2013 vs. Fiscal Year 2012  
 
Our gross margin increased to 52.0% in fiscal year 2013 from 51.4% in fiscal year 2012 .  The improvement in gross margin was driven 
primarily by increased unit sales and a richer prod uct mix of our high- end GeForce desktop products, plus Tesla and Quadro  products.  The addition 
of a full year of revenue from the patent cross lic ensing arrangement with Intel compared to ten month s of such corresponding revenue in fiscal year 
2012 also contributed to the improvement in gross m argin. Offsetting these were the unfavorable impact  of higher net provisions for inventory in 
fiscal year 2013 when compared to fiscal year 2012.   
 
Our gross margin is favorably impacted by sales of products that were previously written down. Sales o f such items improved gross margin by 
approximately 1.3% and 1.8% in fiscal years 2013 an d 2012, respectively.  Conversely, our gross margin  is unfavorably impacted by provisions for 
new inventory reserves.  The overall net effect on our gross margin from inventory reserves and sales of items previously written down was a 0.8% 
unfavorable impact in fiscal year 2013 and a 0.5% f avorable impact in fiscal year 2012.  
 
  GPU Business . The gross margin of our GPU business increased du ring fiscal year 2013 when compared to fiscal year 2012.   This was 
primarily due to a richer product mix of our Kepler -based high- end 28 nanometer GeForce desktop products and our Q uadro products. Memory 
margins strengthened on improved market pricing. Th ese favorable contributors to gross margin were pri marily offset by higher net inventory 
reserves in fiscal year 2013 compared to fiscal yea r 2012.  
   
Tegra Processor Business.    The gross margin of our Tegra Processor business  decreased slightly during fiscal year 2013 as comp ared to fiscal 
year 2012. This decrease was the result of a change  in product mix driven by a lower mix of revenue fr om areas such as license fees and other 
revenues related to game consoles, which typically have higher gross margins than our Tegra products, offset by a higher mix of revenue from sales 
of our Tegra products, which grew substantially dur ing the year.  
 
 
Fiscal Year 2012 vs. Fiscal Year 2011  
 
Our gross margin increased to 51.4% in fiscal year 2012 from 39.8% in fiscal year 2011.  The improveme nt in gross margin was driven 
primarily by revenue from the patent cross licensin g arrangement with Intel, entered into in January 2 011. Additionally, the increase in unit sales 
and a richer product mix of our GeForce desktop and  notebook products and Quadro workstation products as well as manufacturing cost 
efficiencies and strong management of inventory als o helped our gross margin improve in fiscal year 20 12. Other favorable impacts to gross margin 
were the absence in fiscal year 2012 of a net charg e to cost of revenue in the amount of $181.2 millio n recorded in fiscal year 2011 related to a 
weak die/packing material set and lower provisions for net inventory reserves in fiscal year 2012 comp ared to fiscal year 2011.  
 
Our gross margin was favorably impacted by sales of  products that were previously written down and sal es of such items improved gross 
margin by approximately 1.8% and 1.9% in fiscal yea rs 2012 and 2011, respectively.   Offsetting these releases are provisions for new inventory 
reserves.  The net effect to gross margin from inve ntory reserves and sales of items previously writte n down was a 0.5% favorable impact in fiscal 
year 2012 and a 3.0% unfavorable impact in fiscal y ear 2011.  
 
48  Table of Contents  
 
 
  GPU Business . The gross margin of our GPU business increased du ring fiscal year 2012 when compared to fiscal year 2011.  This was 
primarily due to lower net provisions for inventory  in fiscal year 2012 compared to fiscal year 2011 a nd additional warranty accruals arising from a 
weak die/packaging material set recorded in fiscal year 2011. Higher unit sales and richer product mix  of our GeForce desktop and notebook 
products also improved gross margin for the GPU bus iness. In addition, the gross margin for both Quadr o and Tesla products remained stable 
during fiscal year 2012 as compared to fiscal year 2011.    
 
Tegra Processor Business .  The gross margin of our Tegra Processor business  decreased during fiscal year 2012 as compared to f iscal year 
2011. This decrease was a result of a change in pro duct mix driven by a lower mix of license fees and other revenue related to game consoles and a 
higher mix of revenue from our Tegra products, whic h grew substantially during fiscal year 2012.  
      
Operating Expenses    
   
Research and Development  
 
Fiscal Year 2013 vs. Fiscal Year 2012  
 
Research and development expenses increased by $144 .7 million , or 14.4% , year over year. This increase was primarily due t o a $99.4 million 
increase in compensation and benefits expense as we  continue to hire engineering talent to invest in o ur business. Depreciation and amortization 
increased by $9.8 million, driven primarily by amor tization of intangible assets associated with our a cquisition of Icera in fiscal year 2012, as well 
as purchases of additional hardware and licenses du ring the year. Engineering development expenses inc reased by $6.8 million related to the ramp 
of our next-generation GPU architecture, Kepler, de signed for 28nm technology and our next generation Tegra processor architecture, Tegra 4.  
 
Fiscal Year 2012 vs. Fiscal Year 2011  
 
Research and development expenses increased by $153 .8 million, or 18.1%, year over year. This increase  was primarily driven by investments 
in our efforts to build next generation energy effi cient computing architectures. These efforts result ed in a $83.7 million increase in compensation 
and benefits expense and a $22.5 million increase i n stock-based compensation. Development expenses increased by $9.0 million related to the 
ramp of our Kepler GPU architecture, designed for 2 8nm technology and our Tegra 3 mobile computing arc hitecture. Depreciation and 
amortization increased by $8.8 million, driven prim arily by amortization of licenses acquired during t he year. Also contributing to the increase were 
other acquisition- related costs of $12.4 million for compensation cha rges related to the retention program we establishe d for employees from our 
acquisition of Icera in June 2011 and $6.0 million of amortization expense for intangible assets assoc iated with this acquisition.  
 
 
49     Year Ended    Year Ended  
   January 27,  
2013    January 29,  
2012    $  
Change    %  
Change    January 29,  
2012    January  30,  
2011    $  
Change    %  
Change  
   (In millions)    (In millions)  
Research and development 
expenses  $ 1,147.3    $ 1,002.6    $ 144.7    14.4 %   $ 1,002.6    $ 848.8    $ 153.8    18.1  % 
Sales, general and 
administrative expenses  430.8    405.6    25.2    6.2 %   405.6    361.5    44.1    12.2  % 
Legal settlement    —   —   —   —   —   (57.0 )    57.0    (100.0 )% 
Total operating expenses  $ 1,578.1    $ 1,408.2    $ 169.9    12.1 %   $ 1,408.2    $ 1,153.3    $ 254.9    22.1  % 
Research and development as 
a percentage of net revenue  26.8 %   25.1 %             25.1 %   24.0 %           
Sales, general and 
administrative as a 
percentage of net revenue  10.1 %   10.1 %             10.1 %   10.2 %           Table of Contents  
 
Sales, General and Administrative  
 
Fiscal Year 2013 vs. Fiscal Year 2012  
 
Sales, general and administrative expenses increase d by $ 25.2 million , or 6.2% , year over year. This increase was primarily due t o a $21.6 
million increase in compensation and benefits expen se as we continue to invest in our business. Also c ontributing to the increase was a $20.1 
million expense for the net present value of a char itable contribution that we recorded in the second quarter of fiscal year 2013. Offsetting these 
increases were decreases in outside professional fe es of $10.4 million due to an overall decrease in p rofessional services costs during fiscal year 
2013 compared with fiscal year 2012 due to a genera l decline in litigation- related costs and the absence of services associate d with acquisition 
activity in fiscal year 2013.  
 
Fiscal Year 2012 vs. Fiscal Year 2011  
 
Sales, general and administrative expenses increase d by $44.1 million, or 12.2%, year over year. Compe nsation and benefits expense increased 
by $29.5 million, primarily attributable to employe e personnel growth. Stock- based compensation increased by $10.5 million prima rily due to a 
combination of a higher outlay of equity awards as a result of the increase in employee personnel. Als o contributing to the increase were $4.4 
million of transaction costs related to the acquisi tion of Icera, $3.5 million for compensation charge s related to the retention program we established 
for Icera employees and $2.2 million of amortizatio n expense for intangible assets associated with the  Icera acquisition. Offsetting these increases 
were decreases in outside professional fees of $4.0  million due to lower litigation- related costs and a decrease in depreciation and am ortization of 
$9.2 million due to certain software and lease-hold  improvements of buildings that became fully deprec iated during fiscal year 2012.  
 
Legal Settlement  
           
On January 10, 2011, we entered into a six- year cross licensing agreement with Intel and also mutually agreed to settle all outstanding legal 
disputes.  The fair valued benefit prescribed to th e legal settlement portion was $57.0 million and wa s recorded in the fourth quarter of fiscal year 
2011.  
 
We expect operating expenses to increase in the fir st quarter of fiscal year 2014, relative to the fou rth quarter of fiscal year 2013, primarily due 
to employee-related costs, including supporting inf rastructure costs related to planned hiring.  
 
Interest Income and Interest Expense  
   
Interest income, net of interest expense consists o f interest earned on cash, cash equivalents and mar ketable securities. Interest income, net of 
interest expense, was $16.6 million , $16.1 million  and $15.9 million in fiscal years 2013 , 2012 and 2011 , respectively. This increase was 
primarily due to the result of higher average cash balances offset by lower interest rates.   
 
Other Income and Expense  
 
Other income and expense primarily consists of real ized gains and losses on the sale of marketable sec urities and foreign currency translation.  
Other expense, net of other income was $ 2.8 millio n , $ 1.0 million and $ 0.5 million in fiscal years  2013 , 2012 and 2011 , respectively. These 
changes were primarily driven by an increase in for eign currency translation losses.   
    
Income Taxes  
   
We recognized income tax expense of $ 99.5 million , $ 82.3 million and $ 18.0 million during fiscal y ears 2013 , 2012 and 2011 , respectively. 
Income tax expense as a percentage of income before  taxes, or our annual effective tax rate, was 15.0%  , 12.4% , and 6.7% in fiscal years 2013 , 
2012 and 2011 , respectively.  
 
Our effective tax rate on income or loss before tax  for the fiscal years was lower than the United Sta tes federal statutory rate of 35% due to 
income or loss earned in jurisdictions, including B ritish Virgin Islands, Hong Kong, China, Taiwan and  United Kingdom, where the tax rate is 
lower than the United States federal statutory tax rate of 35% , favorable recognition in these fiscal years of th e U.S. federal research tax credit and 
the expiration of statutes of limitations in certai n non-U.S. jurisdictions for which we had not previ ously recognized related tax benefits.  
 
We expect our effective tax rate to be approximatel y 16% in the first quarter of fiscal year 2014, exc luding any discrete tax events that may 
occur, which, if realized, may increase or decrease  our effective tax rate in such quarter.  
 
 
50  Table of Contents  
 
Please refer to Note 14 of the Notes to the Consoli dated Financial Statements in Part IV, Item 15 of t his Annual Report on Form 10- K for 
additional information.   
 
Liquidity and Capital Resources    
 
 
As of January 27, 2013 , we had $3.73 billion in ca sh, cash equivalents and marketable securities, an increase of $598.3 million from the end of 
fiscal year 2012 . Our portfolio of cash equivalents and marketable securities is managed on our behalf by several fina ncial institutions which are 
required to follow our investment policy, which req uires the purchase of top- tier investment grade securities, the diversificati on of asset types and 
includes certain limits on our portfolio duration.  
 
Operating activities  
   
Operating activities generated cash of $824.2 milli on , $909.2 million and $675.8 million during fisca l years 2013 , 2012 and 2011 , 
respectively.  
 
Cash provided by operating activities decreased in fiscal year 2013 compared to fiscal year 2012 primarily due to a decrease in net income and 
unfavorable changes in operating assets and liabili ties compared to fiscal year 2012 .  For example, accounts receivable increased prima rily due to 
higher sales in the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2 013 compared to the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2 012 and inventory increased as a result of the 
production ramp of Kepler-based GPU products.  
 
Cash provided by operating activities increased in fiscal year 2012 compared to fiscal year 2011 prima rily due to an increase in net income and 
favorable changes in operating assets and liabiliti es compared to fiscal year 2011. For example, accou nts payable increased as a result of the timing 
of payments to vendors and inventory decreased as a  result of an increase in inventory turnover. Highe r non-cash charges in earnings including 
stock-based compensation and depreciation and amort ization also contributed to the increase in cash pr ovided by operating activities.  
 
Investing activities  
 
Investing activities have consisted primarily of pu rchases and sales of marketable securities, acquisi tion of businesses and purchases of 
property and equipment, which include leasehold imp rovements for our facilities and intangible assets.  Investing activities used cash of $ 744.0 
million , $1,143.4 million and $ 649.7 million duri ng fiscal years 2013 , 2012 and 2011 , respectively .    
 
Cash used in investing activities for fiscal year 2 013  decreased by $399.4 million from fiscal year 2012 primarily due to the acquisit ion of 
Icera in fiscal year 2012. We used $183.3 million t owards capital expenditures in fiscal year 2013 mainly for the purchase of new research and 
development equipment, testing equipment to support  our increased production requirements, technology licenses, software, intangible assets and 
leasehold improvements at our facilities in various  locations.  
 
 
51     January 27, 2013   January 29, 2012 
   (In millions)  
Cash and cash equivalents  $ 732.8    $ 667.9  
Marketable securities  2,995.1    2,461.7  
Cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities  $ 3,727.9    $ 3,129.6  
   Year Ended  
   January 27,  
2013    January 29,  
2012    January 30,  
2011  
   (In millions)  
Net cash provided by operating activities  $ 824.2    $ 909.2    $ 675.8  
Net cash used in investing activities  $ (744.0 )   $ (1,143.4 )   $ (649.7 ) 
Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities   $ (15.3 )   $ 236.7    $ 192.0  Table of Contents  
 
Cash used in investing activities for fiscal year 2 012 increased by $493.7 million from fiscal year 20 11 primarily due to the acquisition of Icera 
in the second quarter of fiscal year 2012 and incre ased purchases of marketable securities during fisc al year 2012. Additionally, we used $138.7 
million towards capital expenditures in fiscal year  2012. Capital expenditures included purchase of ne w research and development equipment, 
testing equipment to support our increased producti on requirements, technology licenses, software, int angible assets and leasehold improvements at 
our facilities in various locations.  
     
Financing activities  
 
Financing activities used cash of $15.3 million dur ing fiscal year 2013 and provided cash of $ 236.7 m illion and $ 192.0 million during fiscal 
years 2012 and 2011 , respectively.   
 
Cash used in financing activities in fiscal year 20 13 was primarily due to our repurchase of $100.0 mi llion of common stock and our first- ever 
cash dividend payments of $46.9 million . These use s of cash were offset by cash proceeds of $64.9 mil lion from common stock issued under our 
employee stock plans and a non-cash tax benefit of $68.7 million related to employee stock-based compe nsation.  
 
Cash provided by financing activities in fiscal yea r 2012 was primarily due to cash proceeds of $195.9  million from common stock issued 
under our employee stock plans and a non-cash tax b enefit of $52.8 million related to employee stock-b ased compensation.  
 
Liquidity  
 
Our primary source of liquidity is cash generated b y our operations. Our investment portfolio consiste d of cash and cash equivalents, 
commercial paper, mortgage-backed securities issued  by government- sponsored enterprises, money market funds and debt securities of 
corporations, municipalities and the United States government and its agencies. These investments are denominated in United States dollars. As of 
January 27, 2013 , we did not have any investments in auction-rate preferred securities.  
 
All of the cash equivalents and marketable securiti es are treated as “available-for-sale”. Investments in both fixed and floating rate interes t 
earning instruments carry a degree of interest rate  risk. Fixed rate debt securities may have their ma rket value adversely impacted due to a rise in 
interest rates, while floating rate securities may produce less income than expected if interest rates  fall. Due in part to these factors, our future 
investment income may fall short of expectations du e to changes in interest rates or if the decline in  fair value of our publicly traded debt or equity 
investments is judged to be other-than- temporary. We may suffer losses in principal if we are forced to sell securities that decline in marke t value 
due to changes in interest rates. However, because any debt securities we hold are classified as “avai lable-for-sale,” no gains or losses are realized 
in our statement of income due to changes in intere st rates unless such securities are sold prior to m aturity or unless declines in market values are 
determined to be other-than- temporary.  These securities are reported at fair v alue with the related unrealized gains and losses i ncluded in 
accumulated other comprehensive income, a component  of stockholders’ equity, net of tax.  
 
As of January 27, 2013 and January 29, 2012 , we ha d $ 3.73 billion and $ 3.13 billion , respectively, in cash, cash equivalents and marke table 
securities.  Our investment policy requires the pur chase of top- tier investment grade securities, the diversificati on of asset types and includes certain 
limits on our portfolio duration, as specified in o ur investment policy guidelines. These guidelines a lso limit the amount of credit exposure to any 
one issue, issuer or type of instrument. As of Janu ary 27, 2013 , we were in compliance with our inves tment policy.  As of January 27, 2013 , our 
investments in U.S. government agencies and U.S. go vernment sponsored enterprises represented approxim ately 56% of our total investment 
portfolio, while the financial sector accounted for  approximately 19% of our total investment portfolio. All of our inves tments are with A/A2 or 
better rated securities.  
 
We performed an impairment review of our investment  portfolio as of January 27, 2013 .  Based on our quarterly impairment review, we 
concluded that our investments were appropriately v alued and did not record any impairment during fisc al year 2013 .     
 
Net realized gains were $ 0.5 million , $ 0.4 milli on and $ 1.5 million for fiscal years 2013 , 2012 a nd 2011 , respectively.  As of January 27, 
2013 , we had a net unrealized gain of $ 10.9 milli on , which was comprised of gross unrealized gains of $ 11.7 million , offset by $ 0.8 million of 
gross unrealized losses.  As of January 29, 2012 , we had a net unrealized gain of $ 11.5 million , which was comprised of gross unrealized gains of 
$12.0 million , offset by $ 0.5 million of gross un realized losses.   
 
 
52  Table of Contents  
 
Our accounts receivable are highly concentrated and  make us vulnerable to adverse changes in our custo mers’ businesses, and to downturns in 
the industry and the worldwide economy.   Three cus tomers accounted for approximately 40% of our accou nts receivable balance at January 27, 
2013 . While we strive to limit our exposure to uncollec tible accounts receivable using a combination of cr edit insurance and letters of credit, 
difficulties in collecting accounts receivable coul d materially and adversely affect our financial con dition and results of operations. These 
difficulties are heightened during periods when eco nomic conditions worsen. We continue to work direct ly with more foreign customers and it may 
be difficult to collect accounts receivable from th em. We maintain an allowance for doubtful accounts for estimated losses resulting from the 
inability of our customers to make required payment s. This allowance consists of an amount identified for specific customers and an amount based 
on overall estimated exposure. If the financial con dition of our customers were to deteriorate, result ing in an impairment in their ability to make 
payments, additional allowances may be required, we  may be required to defer revenue recognition on sa les to affected customers, and we may be 
required to pay higher credit insurance premiums, a ny of which could adversely affect our operating re sults. In the future, we may have to record 
additional reserves or write-offs and/or defer reve nue on certain sales transactions which could negat ively impact our financial results.  
 
Our cash balances are held in numerous locations th roughout the world, including substantial amounts h eld outside of the United States. As of 
January 27, 2013, we had cash, cash equivalents and  marketable securities of $1.80 billion held within  the United States and $1.93 billion held 
outside of the United States.  Most of the amounts held outside the United States may be repatriated t o the United States but, under current law, 
would be subject to U.S. federal income taxes, less  applicable foreign tax credits.  Further, repatria tion of some foreign balances may be restricted 
by local laws. As of January 27, 2013, we have not provided for U.S. federal and state income taxes on  approximately $1.68 billion of undistributed 
earnings of non- United States subsidiaries, as such earnings are co nsidered indefinitely reinvested outside the United  States.  Although we have no 
current need to do so, if we repatriate foreign ear nings for cash requirements in the United States, w e would incur U.S. federal and state income tax, 
less applicable foreign tax credits, and reduced by  the current amount of our U.S. federal and state n et operating loss and tax credit carryforwards.  
Further, in addition to the $1.80 billion of cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities held wit hin the United States and available to fund our 
U.S. operations and any other U.S. cash needs, we h ave access to external sources of financing if cash  is needed in the United States other than by 
repatriation of foreign earnings where U.S. income tax may otherwise be due.  Accordingly, we do not r easonably expect any material effect on our 
business, as a whole, or to our financial flexibili ty with respect to our current cash balances held o utside of the United States.  
 
  Patent Cross License Agreement  
 
On January 10, 2011, we entered into a six- year patent cross licensing agreement, or the Licen se Agreement, with Intel.   Under the License 
Agreement, Intel has granted to NVIDIA and its qual ified subsidiaries, and NVIDIA has granted to Intel  and Intel’s qualified subsidiaries, a non-
exclusive, non- transferable, worldwide license, without the right to sublicense to all patents that are either owned or controlled by the parties at any 
time that have a first filing date on or before Mar ch 31, 2017, to make, have made (subject to certain  limitations), use, sell, offer to sell, import and  
otherwise dispose of certain semiconductor- and ele ctronic-related products anywhere in the world. NVI DIA’s rights to Intel’ s patents have certain 
specified limitations, including but not limited to , NVIDIA was not granted a license to: (1) certain microprocessors, defined in the License 
Agreement as “Intel Processors” or “Intel Compatibl e Processors;” ( 2) certain chipsets that connect to Intel Processor s; or (3) certain flash memory 
products. In connection with the License Agreement,  NVIDIA and Intel mutually agreed to settle all out standing legal disputes. Under the License 
Agreement, Intel will pay NVIDIA an aggregate amoun t of $1.5 billion, payable in annual installments, as follows: a $300 million payment on each 
of January 18, 2011, January 13, 2012 and January 1 5, 2013 and a $200 million payment on each of Janua ry 15, 2014, 2015 and 2016.  Please refer 
to Note 3 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financia l Statements in Part IV, Item 15 of this Annual Rep ort on Form 10- K for further information 
regarding this cross license and the settlement.   
 
Stock Repurchase Program  
   
In fiscal year 2007, our Board of Directors authori zed us, subject to certain specifications, to repur chase shares of our common stock up to an 
aggregate maximum amount of $2.7 billion through Ma y 2013.  In October 2012, the Board extended the pr ogram through December 2014. The 
repurchases will be made from time to time in the o pen market, in privately negotiated transactions, o r in structured stock repurchase programs, and 
may be made in one or more larger repurchases, in c ompliance with Rule 10b- 18 of the Exchange Act, subject to market condition s, applicable 
legal requirements, and other factors. The program does not obligate NVIDIA to acquire any particular amount of common stock and the program 
may be suspended at any time at our discretion. As part of our share repurchase program, we have enter ed into, and we may continue to enter into, 
structured share repurchase transactions with finan cial institutions. These agreements generally requi re that we make an up- front payment in 
exchange for the right to receive a fixed number of  shares of our common stock upon execution of the a greement, and a potential incremental 
number of shares of our common stock, within a pre- determined range, at the end of the term of the agr eement.  
    
 
53  Table of Contents  
 
Through January 27, 2013, we have repurchased an ag gregate of 99.3 million shares under our stock repu rchase program for a total cost of 
$1.56 billion.  As of January 27, 2013, we are auth orized, subject to certain specifications, to repur chase shares of our common stock up to $1.14 
billion through December 2014.  Please refer to Not e 2 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Stat ements in Part IV, Item 15 of this Annual 
Report Form 10-K for further discussion regarding o ur equity incentive plans.  
 
In addition to our Board authorized stock repurchas es, we withhold common stock shares associated with  net share settlements to cover tax 
withholding obligations upon the vesting of RSU awa rds under our equity incentive program.  During the  fiscal year 2013, we withheld 
approximately 1.8 million shares at a total cost of  $25.8 million through net share settlements. Pleas e refer to Note 2 of the Notes to the 
Consolidated Financial Statements in Part IV, Item 15 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for further i nformation regarding stock- based 
compensation related to equity awards granted under  our equity incentive programs..  
 
Cash Dividend Program  
 
Prior to fiscal year 2013, we had never declared or  paid any dividend on shares of our common stock. O n November 8, 2012, we announced 
the initiation of a quarterly cash dividend program . This quarterly dividend of $0.075 per share is eq uivalent to $0.30 per share on an annual basis. 
The initial cash dividend was paid on December 14, 2012 to all common stockholders of record at the cl ose of business on November 23, 2012. A 
subsequent cash dividend of $0.075 per share was de clared on February 13, 2013, payable on March 21, 2 013 to all common stockholders of record 
at the close of business on February 28, 2013. In f iscal year 2013, we paid $46.9 million in dividends  to our common stockholders.  
 
Our cash dividend program and the payment of future  cash dividends under that program are subject to c ontinued capital availability and our 
Board of Directors' continuing determination that t he dividend program and the declaration of dividend s thereunder are in the best interests of our 
stockholders and are in compliance with all laws an d agreements of NVIDIA applicable to the declaratio n and payment of cash dividends.  
 
Operating Capital and Capital Expenditure Requireme nts  
   
  We believe that our existing cash balances and anti cipated cash flows from operations will be sufficie nt to meet our operating, acquisition, 
stock repurchase, cash dividend and capital require ments for at least the next twelve months. However,  there is no assurance that we will not need 
to raise additional equity or debt financing within  this time frame. Additional financing may not be a vailable on favorable terms or at all and may be 
dilutive to our then- current stockholders. We also may require additiona l capital for other purposes not presently contempl ated. If we are unable to 
obtain sufficient capital, we could be required to curtail capital equipment purchases or research and  development expenditures, which could harm 
our business. Factors that could affect our cash us ed or generated from operations and, as a result, o ur need to seek additional borrowings or capital 
include:  
   
 
We expect to spend approximately $ 240.0 million to  $ 280.0 million for capital expenditures during fiscal year 2014, p rimarily for property 
development, leasehold improvements, software licen ses, emulation equipment, computers and engineering  workstations.  In fiscal year 2014, we 
expect to break ground on a new building for our he adquarters campus in Santa Clara to provide for our  near-term growth needs. This 500,000 
square foot building will provide 2,500 seats and b e built on land we purchased five years ago. We est imate capital funding of $32.0 million for the 
campus development project in fiscal year 2014. In addition, we may continue to use cash in connection  with the acquisition of new businesses or 
assets.  
 
For additional factors see “Item 1A. Risk Factors -  Risks Related to Our Business, Industry and Partne rs - Our revenue may fluctuate while our 
operating expenses are relatively fixed, which make s our results difficult to predict and could cause our results to fall short of expectations. ”  
    
   
 
54  •  decreased demand and market acceptance for our p roducts and/or our customers’ products; 
•  inability to successfully develop and produce in  volume production our next- generation products; 
•  competitive pressures resulting in lower than expec ted average selling prices; and 
•  new product announcements or product introductions by our competitors. Table of Contents  
 
Product Defect  
 
Our products are complex and may contain defects or  experience failures due to any number of issues in  design, fabrication, packaging, 
materials and/or use within a system. If any of our  products or technologies contains a defect, compat ibility issue or other error, we may have to 
invest additional research and development efforts to find and correct the issue.  Such efforts could divert our management’s and engineers’
attention from the development of new products and technologies and could increase our operating costs  and reduce our gross margin. In addition, 
an error or defect in new products or releases or r elated software drivers after commencement of comme rcial shipments could result in failure to 
achieve market acceptance or loss of design wins. A lso, we may be required to reimburse customers, inc luding for customers’ costs to repair or 
replace the products in the field, which could caus e our revenue to decline. A product recall or a sig nificant number of product returns could be 
expensive, damage our reputation and could result i n the shifting of business to our competitors. Cost s associated with correcting defects, errors, 
bugs or other issues could be significant and could  materially harm our financial results.   
 
During the three year period ended January 30, 2011 , we recorded a cumulative net charge of $475.9 mil lion, most of which was charged 
against cost of revenue, to cover customer warranty , repair, return, replacement and other costs arisi ng from a weak die/packaging material set in 
certain versions of our previous generation MCP and  GPU products used in notebook configurations.   De termining the amount of the warranty 
charges related to this issue required management t o make estimates and judgments based on historical experience, test data and various other 
assumptions including estimated field failure rates  that we believe to be reasonable under the circums tances. The results of these judgments formed 
the basis for our estimate of the total charge to c over anticipated customer warranty, repair, return and replacement and other associated costs. If the 
actual repair, return, replacement and other associ ated costs and/or actual field failure rates exceed  our estimates, we may be required to record 
additional reserves, which would increase our cost of revenue and materially harm our financial result s.  
 
Contractual Obligations  
 
The following table summarizes our contractual obli gations as of January 27, 2013 :  
 
 
 
 
   
Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements  
 
During fiscal years 2013 , 2012 and 2011 , we had n o material off-balance sheet arrangements as define d in Regulation S-K 303(a)(4)(ii).  
 
55     Payment Due By Period  
Contractual Obligations  Total    Less than 1 
Year    1-3 Years    4-5 Years    More than 5 
Years    All Other  
   (In thousands)  
Operating leases  $ 180,823    $ 34,294    $ 55,081    $ 47,903    $ 43,545    $ — 
Capital lease  30,720    4,926    9,885    10,448    5,461    — 
Purchase obligations (1)  470,309    470,309    —   —   —   — 
Uncertain tax positions, interest and 
penalties (2)  212,245    —   —   —   —   212,245  
Capital purchase obligations  44,788    44,788    —   —   —   — 
Retention program (3)  39,451    14,776    24,675                 
Total contractual obligations  $ 978,336    $ 569,093    $ 89,641    $ 58,351    $ 49,006    $ 212,245  
(1)  Represents our inventory purchase commitments as of January 27, 2013 . 
(2)  Represents unrecognized tax benefits of $212.2  million which consists of $ 104.0 million recorded  in non-current income taxes payable 
and $ 96.9 million reflected as a reduction to the related deferred tax assets, and the related intere st and penalties on the non- current 
income tax payable of $ 11.3 million as of January 27, 2013 .  We are unable to reasonably estimate the timing of any potential tax liability 
or interest/penalty payments in individual years du e to uncertainties in the underlying income tax pos itions and the timing of the effective 
settlement of such tax positions.  
(3)  Represents a retention program in the aggregate amo unt of approximately $68.0 million in connection wi th our acquisition of Icera on June 
10, 2011. As of January 27, 2013 , we have made payments of $28.5 million in connect ion with this program. Remaining payments will be 
paid out within the next three years.  Table of Contents  
 
 
Adoption of New and Recently Issued Accounting Pron ouncements  
 
Please see Note 1 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part IV, Item 15 of this An nual Report on Form 10- K for a 
discussion of adoption of new and recently issued a ccounting pronouncements.  
   
ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES A BOUT MARKET RISK  
 
Investment and Interest Rate Risk  
   
As of January 27, 2013 and January 29, 2012 , we ha d $3.73 billion and $3.13 billion , respectively, in cash, cash equivalents and marke table 
securities. We invest in a variety of financial ins truments, consisting principally of cash and cash e quivalents, asset- backed securities, commercial 
paper, mortgage-backed securities issued by Governm ent-sponsored enterprises, money market funds and debt securities of corporations, 
municipalities and the United States government and  its agencies. As of January 27, 2013 , we did not have any investments in auction- rate 
preferred securities. Our investments are denominat ed in United States dollars.  
   
All of the cash equivalents and marketable securiti es are treated as “available-for-sale.” Investments in both fixed and floating rate interes t 
earning instruments carry a degree of interest rate  risk. Fixed rate securities may have their market value adversely impacted due to a rise in interest 
rates, while floating rate securities may produce l ess income than expected if interest rates fall. Du e in part to these factors, our future investment 
income may fall short of expectations due to change s in interest rates or if the decline in fair value  of our publicly traded debt or equity investments 
is judged to be other-than- temporary. We may suffer losses in principal if we are forced to sell securities that decline in secur ities market value due 
to changes in interest rates. However, because any debt securities we hold are classified as “availabl e-for-sale,” no gains or losses are realized in our 
Consolidated Statements of Income due to changes in  interest rates unless such securities are sold pri or to maturity or unless declines in value are 
determined to be other-than- temporary. These securities are reported at fair va lue with the related unrealized gains and losses in cluded in 
accumulated other comprehensive income (loss), a co mponent of stockholders’ equity, net of tax.  
   
As of January 27, 2013 , we performed a sensitivity analysis on our floati ng and fixed rate financial investments. According to our analysis, 
parallel shifts in the yield curve of both plus or minus 0.5% would result in changes in fair values f or these investments of approximately $20.4 
million .  
   
The financial turmoil that affected the banking sys tem and financial markets and increased the possibi lity that financial institutions might 
consolidate or go out of business resulted in a tig htening in the credit markets, a low level of liqui dity in many financial markets, and extreme 
volatility in fixed income, credit, currency and eq uity markets. There could be a number of follow- on effects from the credit crisis on our business, 
including insolvency of key suppliers resulting in product delays; inability of customers, including c hannel partners, to obtain credit to finance 
purchases of our products and/or customer, includin g channel partner, insolvencies; and failure of fin ancial institutions, which may negatively 
impact our treasury operations. Other income and ex pense could also vary materially from expectations depending on gains or losses realized on the 
sale or exchange of financial instruments; impairme nt charges related to debt securities as well as eq uity and other investments; interest rates; and 
cash, cash equivalent and marketable securities bal ances. Volatility in the financial markets and econ omic uncertainty increases the risk that the 
actual amounts realized in the future on our financ ial instruments could differ significantly from the  fair values currently assigned to them. As of 
January 27, 2013 , our investments in government ag encies and government sponsored enterprises represe nted approximately 56% of our total 
investment portfolio, while the financial sector ac counted for approximately 19% of our total investment portfolio.   Substantially all of our 
investments are with A/A2 or better rated securitie s.  If the fair value of our investments in these s ectors was to decline by 2%- 5%, the fair values of 
these investments would decline by approximately $4 9 - $123 million .   
 
Exchange Rate Risk  
   
We consider our direct exposure to foreign exchange  rate fluctuations to be minimal.  Gains or losses from foreign currency remeasurement are 
included in “Other expense, net” in our Consolidated Financial Statements and to dat e have not been significant.  The impact of foreign  currency 
transaction gain (loss) included in determining net  income for fiscal years 2013 , 2012 and 2011 was $ (1.5) million , $1.6 million and $(2.4) 
million, respectively.  Currently, sales and arrang ements with third- party manufacturers provide for pricing and payment  in United States dollars, 
and, therefore, are not subject to exchange rate fl uctuations. Increases in the value of the United St ates’ dollar relative to other currencies would 
make our products more expensive, which could negat ively impact our ability to compete. Conversely, de creases in the value of the United States’
dollar relative to other currencies could result in  our suppliers raising their prices in order to con tinue doing business with us. Fluctuations in 
currency exchange rates could harm our business in the future.   
 
56  Table of Contents  
 
   
We may enter into certain transactions such as forw ard contracts which are designed to reduce the futu re potential impact resulting from 
changes in foreign currency exchange rates. There w ere no forward exchange contracts outstanding at Ja nuary 27, 2013 .  
 
ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA   
   
The information required by this Item is set forth in our Consolidated Financial Statements and Notes thereto included in this Annual Report on 
Form 10-K.  
   
ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTAN TS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE  
 
Not applicable.  
   
ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES  
   
Controls and Procedures  
   
Disclosure Controls and Procedures  
   
Based on their evaluation as of January 27, 2013 , our management, including our Chief Executive Off icer and Interim Chief Financial Officer, 
has concluded that our disclosure controls and proc edures (as defined in Rule 13a- 15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as  amended, or 
the Exchange Act) were effective to provide reasona ble assurance.  
   
 
57  Table of Contents  
 
Management’s Annual Report on Internal Control Over  Financial Reporting  
   
Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financia l reporting, as such term is defined in 
Exchange Act Rule 13a- 15(f). Under the supervision and with the participa tion of our management, including our Chief Executi ve Officer and 
Interim Chief Financial Officer, we conducted an ev aluation of the effectiveness of our internal contr ol over financial reporting as of January 27, 
2013 based on the criteria set forth in Internal Control - Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations  of the 
Treadway Commission. Based on our evaluation under the criteria set forth in Internal Control — Integrated Framework , our management 
concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of January 27, 2013 .  
   
The effectiveness of our internal control over fina ncial reporting as of January 27, 2013 has been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, an 
independent registered public accounting firm, as s tated in its report which is included herein.  
   
Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reportin g  
   
There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during our last fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are 
reasonably likely to materially affect, our interna l control over financial reporting.  
   
Inherent Limitations on Effectiveness of Controls  
   
Our management, including our Chief Executive Offic er and Interim Chief Financial Officer, does not ex pect that our disclosure controls and 
procedures or our internal controls, will prevent a ll error and all fraud. A control system, no matter  how well conceived and operated, can provide 
only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the o bjectives of the control system are met. Further, t he design of a control system must reflect the 
fact that there are resource constraints, and the b enefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in  
all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within NVIDIA 
have been detected.  
   
ITEM 9B.  OTHER INFORMATION  
   
None.  
 
58  Table of Contents  
 
PART III  
   
Certain information required by Part III is omitted  from this report because we will file with the SEC  a definitive proxy statement pursuant to 
Regulation 14A, or the 2013 Proxy Statement, not la ter than 120 days after the fiscal year ended Janua ry 27, 2013, and certain information included 
therein is incorporated herein by reference.  
 
ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORAT E GOVERNANCE  
   
Identification of Directors  
   
Reference is made to the information regarding dire ctors appearing under the heading “Proposal 1 - Ele ction of Directors” in our 2013 Proxy 
Statement, which information is hereby incorporated  by reference.  
   
Identification of Executive Officers  
   
Reference is made to the information regarding exec utive officers appearing under the heading “Executi ve Officers of the Registrant” in Part I 
of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, which informati on is hereby incorporated by reference.  
   
Identification of Audit Committee and Financial Exp ert  
   
Reference is made to the information regarding dire ctors appearing under the heading “ Report of the Audit Committee of the Board of 
Directors” and “Information about the Board of Dire ctors and Corporate Governance” in our 2013 Proxy Statement, which information is hereby 
incorporated by reference.  
   
Material Changes to Procedures for Recommending Dir ectors  
   
Reference is made to the information regarding dire ctors appearing under the heading “ Information about the Board of Directors and Corpor ate 
Governance” in our 2013 Proxy Statement, which info rmation is hereby incorporated by reference.  
   
Compliance with Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act  
 
Reference is made to the information appearing unde r the heading “Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership R eporting Compliance” in our 2013 
Proxy Statement, which information is hereby incorp orated by reference.  
   
Code of Conduct  
   
Reference is made to the information appearing unde r the heading “Information about the Board of Direc tors and Corporate Governance -
Code of Conduct” in our 2013 Proxy Statement, which  information is hereby incorporated by reference. T he full text of our “Code” and “ Financial 
Team Code” are published on the Investor Relations portion of our web site, under Corporate Governance , at www.nvidia.com .  The contents of our 
website are not a part of this Annual Report on For m 10-K.  
     
ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION  
   
The information required by this item is hereby inc orporated by reference from the sections entitled “ Executive 
Compensation”, “Compensation Committee Interlocks a nd Insider Participation”, “Director Compensation” and “Compensation Committee 
Report” in our 2013 Proxy Statement.  
 
ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL O WNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED 
STOCKHOLDER MATTERS  
 
Ownership of NVIDIA Securities  
   
The information required by this item is hereby inc orporated by reference from the section entitled “ Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial 
Owners and Management” in our 2013 Proxy Statement.   
 
Equity Compensation Plan Information  
             
 
59  Table of Contents  
 
Information regarding our equity compensation plans , including both stockholder approved plans and non -stockholder approved plans, will be 
contained in our 2013 Proxy Statement under the cap tion ”Equity Compensation Plan Information,” and is  hereby incorporated by reference.  
 
ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACT IONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE  
   
The information required by this item is hereby inc orporated by reference from the sections entitled “ Transactions with Related Persons” , 
“Review of Transactions with Related Persons” and “ Information about the Board of Directors and Corpor ate Governance - Independence of the 
Members of the Board of Directors” in our 2013 Prox y Statement.  
 
ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES  
   
The information required by this item is hereby inc orporated by reference from the section entitled “ Fees Billed by the Independent Registered 
Public Accounting Firm” in our 2013 Proxy Statement .   
 
60  Table of Contents  
 
PART IV  
   
ITEM 15.                      EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL S TATEMENT SCHEDULE  
               
 
 
61             Page  
(a)  1.=   Consolidated Financial Statements     
          
        Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm, PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP  62 
          
        Consolidated Statements of Income for the years end ed January 27, 2013, January 29, 2012 and January 
30, 2011  63 
          
        Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for  the years ended January 27, 2013, January 29, 
2012 and January 30, 2011  64 
          
        Consolidated Balance Sheets as of January 27, 2013 and January 29, 2012  65 
          
        Consolidated Statements of Stockholders ’ Equity for the years ended January 27, 2013, Januar y 29, 2012 
and January 30, 2011  66 
          
        Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years  ended January 27, 2013, January 29, 2012 and 
January 30, 2011  68 
          
        Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements  69 
          
   2.    Financial Statement Schedule    
          
        Schedule II Valuation and Qualifying Accounts  105 
          
   3.    Exhibits    
          
        The exhibits listed in the accompanying index to ex hibits are filed or incorporated by reference as a part 
of this Annual Report on Form 10 -K.  106 Table of Contents  
 
REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM    
 
To the   Stockholders and Board of Directors of NVIDIA Corpo ration:  
 
In our opinion, the consolidated financial statemen ts listed in the index appearing under Item 15(a)(1 ) present fairly, in all material respects, the 
financial position of NVIDIA Corporation and its su bsidiaries at January 27, 2013 and January 29, 2012, and the results of their oper ations and their 
cash flows for each of the three years in the perio d ended January 27, 2013 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the 
United States of America.  In addition, in our opin ion, the financial statement schedule listed in the  index appearing under Item 15(a)(2) presents 
fairly, in all material respects, the information s et forth therein when read in conjunction with the related consolidated financial statements.  Also in  
our opinion, the Company maintained, in all materia l respects, effective internal control over financi al reporting as of January 27, 2013 , based on 
criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations  of the Treadway Commission 
(COSO).  The Company's management is responsible fo r these financial statements and financial statemen t schedule, for maintaining effective 
internal control over financial reporting and for i ts assessment of the effectiveness of internal cont rol over financial reporting, included in 
Management's Report on Internal Control over Financ ial Reporting appearing under Item 9A.  Our respons ibility is to express opinions on these 
financial statements, on the financial statement sc hedule, and on the Company's internal control over financial reporting based on our integrated 
audits.  We conducted our audits in accordance with  the standards of the Public Company Accounting Ove rsight Board (United States).  Those 
standards require that we plan and perform the audi ts to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the  financial statements are free of material 
misstatement and whether effective internal control  over financial reporting was maintained in all mat erial respects.  Our audits of the financial 
statements included examining, on a test basis, evi dence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the  financial statements, assessing the 
accounting principles used and significant estimate s made by management, and evaluating the overall fi nancial statement presentation.  Our audit of 
internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over  financial reporting, assessing the risk that a 
material weakness exists, and testing and evaluatin g the design and operating effectiveness of interna l control based on the assessed risk.  Our 
audits also included performing such other procedur es as we considered necessary in the circumstances.  We believe that our audits provide a 
reasonable basis for our opinions.  
 
A company’ s internal control over financial reporting is a pr ocess designed to provide reasonable assurance rega rding the reliability of financial 
reporting and the preparation of financial statemen ts for external purposes in accordance with general ly accepted accounting principles.  A 
company’ s internal control over financial reporting include s those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to  the maintenance of records that, in 
reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect th e transactions and dispositions of the assets of th e company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that 
transactions are recorded as necessary to permit pr eparation of financial statements in accordance wit h generally accepted accounting principles, 
and that receipts and expenditures of the company a re being made only in accordance with authorization s of management and directors of the 
company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance reg arding prevention or timely detection of unauthoriz ed acquisition, use, or disposition of the 
company’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.  
 
Because of its inherent limitations, internal contr ol over financial reporting may not prevent or dete ct misstatements.  Also, projections of any 
evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are s ubject to the risk that controls may become inadequ ate because of changes in conditions, or that 
the degree of compliance with the policies or proce dures may deteriorate.  
 
/s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP  
 
San Jose, CA  
March 12, 2013  
 
 
62  Table of Contents  
 
NVIDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES  
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME  
(In thousands, except per share data)  
 
    
See accompanying notes to the consolidated financia l statements.  
 
 
63     Year Ended  
   January 27,  
2013    January 29,  
2012    January 30,  
2011  
Revenue  $ 4,280,159    $ 3,997,930    $ 3,543,309  
Cost of revenue  2,053,816    1,941,413    2,134,219  
Gross profit  2,226,343    2,056,517    1,409,090  
Operating expenses:               
Research and development  1,147,282    1,002,605    848,830  
Sales, general and administrative  430,822    405,613    361,513  
Legal settlement  —   —   (57,000 ) 
Total operating expenses  1,578,104    1,408,218    1,153,343  
Income from operations  648,239    648,299    255,747  
Interest income  19,908    19,149    19,057  
Interest expense  (3,294 )   (3,089 )   (3,127 ) 
Other expense, net  (2,814 )   (963 )   (508 ) 
Income before income tax  662,039    663,396    271,169  
Income tax expense  99,503    82,306    18,023  
Net income  $ 562,536    $ 581,090    $ 253,146  
Basic net income per share  $ 0.91    $ 0.96    $ 0.44  
Weighted average shares used in basic per share com putation  619,324    603,646    575,177  
Diluted net income per share  $ 0.90    $ 0.94    $ 0.43  
Weighted average shares used in diluted per share c omputation    624,957    616,371    588,684  
Cash dividends declared and paid per common share  $ 0.075    $ —   $ — Table of Contents  
 
NVIDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES  
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME  
(In thousands)  
 
See accompanying notes to the consolidated financia l statements.  
 
 
64       January 27, 2013   January 29, 2012   January 30, 2011 
           
Net income    $ 562,536    $ 581,090    $ 253,146  
Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax:                 
Net change in unrealized gains (losses) on availabl e-for-sale securities, net of tax 
effect of $126, $937 and $306 in 2013, 2012 and 201 1, respectively    (303 )   755    (918 ) 
Reclassification adjustments for net realized gains  on available-for- sale securities 
included in net income, net of tax effect of $178, $222 and $528 in 2013, 2012 
and 2011, respectively    (330 )   (413 )   (982 ) 
Other comprehensive income (loss)    $ (633 )   $ 342    $ (1,900 ) 
Total comprehensive income    $ 561,903    $ 581,432    $ 251,246  Table of Contents  
 
NVIDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES  
CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS  
(In thousands, except share and per share data)  
 
   
See accompanying notes to the consolidated financia l statements.  
 
 
65     January 27, 
2013    January 29, 2012  
ASSETS          
Current assets:          
Cash and cash equivalents  $ 732,786    $ 667,876  
Marketable securities  2,995,097    2,461,700  
Accounts receivable, less allowances of $14,791 and  $14,854 in 2013 and  2012, respectively  454,252    336,143  
Inventories  419,686    340,297  
Prepaid expenses and other  69,701    49,411  
Deferred income taxes  103,736    49,931  
Total current assets  4,775,258    3,905,358  
Property and equipment, net  576,144    560,072  
Goodwill  641,030    641,030  
Intangible assets, net  312,332    326,136  
Other assets  107,481    120,332  
Total assets  $ 6,412,245    $  5,552,928  
LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY          
Current liabilities:          
Accounts payable  $ 356,428    $ 335,072  
Accrued liabilities and other  619,795    594,886  
Total current liabilities  976,223    929,958  
Other long-term liabilities  589,321    455,807  
Capital lease obligations, long term  18,998    21,439  
Commitments and contingencies - see Note 13  —   — 
Stockholders’ equity:          
Preferred stock, $.001 par value; 2,000,000 shares authorized; none issued  —   — 
Common stock, $.001 par value; 2,000,000,000 shares  authorized; 720,153,197 shares issued and 
616,756,134 outstanding in 2013; 705,352,099 shares  issued and 612,191,412 outstanding in 2012  720    700  
Additional paid-in capital  3,193,623    2,900,896  
Treasury stock, at cost (103,397,063 shares in 2013  and 93,160,687 shares in 2012)  (1,622,709 )   (1,496,904 ) 
Accumulated other comprehensive income  9,981    10,614  
Retained earnings  3,246,088    2,730,418  
Total stockholders' equity  4,827,703    4,145,724  
Total liabilities and stockholders' equity  $ 6,412,245    $  5,552,928  Table of Contents  
 
NVIDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES  
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY  
(In thousands, except share data)  
 
66     Common  Stock  
Outstanding    Additional    Treasury    Accumulated 
Other 
Comprehensive   Retained    Total 
Stockholders' 
   Shares 
                                        Amount    Paid-in 
Capital     Stock     Income     Earnings     Equity  
Balances, January 31, 2010  561,465,851    $ 653    $ 2,219,401    $ (1,463,268 )   $ 12,172    $ 1,896,182   $ 2,665,140  
Comprehensive income:                                   
Other comprehensive income 
(loss)  —   —   —   —   (1,900 )    —  (1,900 )  
Net income  —   —   —   —   —   253,146   253,146  
Total comprehensive income                                251,246  
Issuance of common stock from 
stock plans   28,207,029    24    193,381    —   —   —  193,405  
Tax withholding related to vesting 
of restricted stock units  (1,117,179 )    —   —   (16,124 )   —   —  (16,124 )  
Tax benefit from stock- based 
compensation    —   —   (14,201 )   —   —   —  (14,201 )  
Stock-based compensation  —   —   101,996    —   —   —  101,996  
Balances, January 30, 2011  588,555,701    677    2,500,577    (1,479,392 )   10,272    2,149,328   3,181,462  
                            
Comprehensive income:                                   
Other comprehensive income 
(loss)  —   —   —   —   342    —  342  
Net income  —   —   —   —      581,090   581,090  
Total comprehensive income  —   —   —   —   —   —  581,432  
Issuance of common stock from 
stock plans   24,753,362    23    213,346    —   —   —  213,369  
Tax withholding related to vesting 
of restricted stock units  (1,117,651 )    —   —   (17,512 )   —   —  (17,512 )  
Tax benefit from stock- based 
compensation    —   —   50,475    —   —   —  50,475  
Stock-based compensation  —   —   136,498    —   —   —  136,498  
Balances, January 29, 2012  612,191,412    700    2,900,896    (1,496,904 )   10,614    2,730,418   4,145,724  
                            
Comprehensive income:                                   
Other comprehensive income 
(loss)  —   —   —   —   (633 )    —  (633 )  
Net income  —   —   —   —      562,536   562,536  
Total comprehensive income  —   —   —   —   —   —  561,903  
Issuance of common stock from 
stock plans   14,800,959    20    90,721    —   —   —  90,741  
Tax withholding related to vesting 
of restricted stock units  (1,836,097 )    —   —   (25,805 )   —   —  (25,805 )  
Stock repurchase  (8,400,140 )    —   —   (100,000 )   —   —  (100,000 )  Table of Contents  
 
   
See accompanying notes to the consolidated financia l statements.   
 
 
67  Cash dividends declared and paid ($0.075 
per common share)  —   —   —   —   —   (46,866 )   (46,866 ) 
Tax benefit from stock- based 
compensation    —   —   64,905    —   —   —   64,905  
Stock-based compensation  —   —   137,101    —   —   —   137,101  
Balances, January 27, 2013  616,756,134    $ 720    $ 3,193,623    $ (1,622,709 )   $ 9,981    $ 3,246,088    $ 4,827,703  Table of Contents  
 
 
NVIDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES  
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS  
(In thousands)  
 
See accompanying notes to the consolidated financia l statements.  
         Year Ended        
   January 27, 2013   January 29, 2012    January 30, 2011 
Cash flows from operating activities:                
Net income  $ 562,536    $ 581,090     $ 253,146  
Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash pro vided by operating activities:                
Stock-based compensation expense  136,662    136,354     100,353  
Depreciation and amortization  226,235    204,205     186,989  
Deferred income taxes  31,860    19,056     (2,646 ) 
Tax benefit from stock-based compensation  (68,710 )   (52,793 )    (15,316 ) 
Other  47,911    19,095     1,572  
Changes in operating assets and liabilities, net of  effects of acquisitions:                
Accounts receivable  (118,940 )   26,236     26,341  
Inventories  (78,949 )   18,884     (14,128 ) 
Prepaid expenses and other current assets  (20,290 )   (14,803 )    8,528  
Deposits and other assets  8,567    (70,694 )    4,331  
Accounts payable  10,885    35,708     (69,786 ) 
Accrued liabilities and other long-term liabilities   86,405    6,818     196,413  
Net cash provided by operating activities  824,172    909,156     675,797  
Cash flows from investing activities:                
Purchases of marketable securities  (2,378,445 )   (1,964,898 )    (1,719,700 ) 
Proceeds from sales and maturities of marketable se curities  1,817,410    1,310,743     1,170,075  
Purchases of property and equipment and intangible assets  (183,309 )   (138,735 )    (97,890 ) 
Acquisition of businesses, net of cash and cash equ ivalents  —   (348,884 )    — 
Other  352    (1,590 )    (2,163 ) 
Net cash used in investing activities  (743,992 )   (1,143,364 )    (649,678 ) 
Cash flows from financing activities:                
Proceeds from issuance of common stock under employ ee stock plans  64,935    195,857     177,276  
Payments related to repurchases of common stock  (100,000 )   —    — 
Dividend paid  (46,866 )   —    — 
Tax benefit from stock-based compensation  68,710    52,793     15,316  
Payment of notes payable assumed from acquisition  —   (10,319 )    — 
Payments under capital lease obligations  (2,049 )   (1,608 )    (571 ) 
Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities   (15,270 )   236,723     192,021  
Change in cash and cash equivalents  64,910    2,515     218,140  
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period  667,876    665,361     447,221  
Cash and cash equivalents at end of period  $ 732,786    $ 667,876     $ 665,361  
Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information:                
Cash (received) paid for income taxes, net  $ (38,608 )   $ 58,328     $ (1,071 ) 
Cash paid for interest on capital lease obligations   $ 2,772    $ 3,008     $ 3,127  
   Year Ended  
   January 27,  
2013     January 29,  
2012    January 30,  
2011  
Non-cash activities:                
Change in unrealized gains (losses) from marketable  securities  $ (633 )    $ 342    $ (1,900 ) 
Assets acquired by assuming related liabilities  $ 45,195     $ 15,913    $ 252,796  68  Table of Contents  
 
NVIDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES  
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
  
Note 1 - Organization and Summary of Significant Ac counting Policies  
   
Our Company  
 
NVIDIA is a visual computing company, connecting pe ople through computer graphics. In a world increasi ngly filled with visual displays, our 
graphics technologies let our customers interact wi th the world of digital ideas, information and ente rtainment with an efficiency that no other 
communication medium can provide.  
We have long been known to millions around the worl d for creating the graphics chips used in PCs that bring video games to life. With our 
invention of the GPU, we introduced the world to th e power of programmable shading, which defines mode rn computer graphics. Today, we reach 
well beyond PC graphics and games. Our energy- efficient processors are at the heart of products r anging from mobile devices to supercomputers. 
PC gamers choose our GPUs by name and professional designers use our GPUs to create visual effects in movies and design everything from audio 
headsets to commercial aircraft. Supercomputers tak e advantage of the massively parallel processing ca pabilities of our GPUs to accelerate a wide 
range of important applications, from simulations o f viruses at the molecular level, to modern weather  forecasting and global oil exploration. Our 
Tegra processors power smartphones, tablets and aut omobile infotainment systems.  
NVIDIA's research and development in visual computi ng has yielded more than 5,000 patents granted or p ending worldwide, including ones 
covering inventions essential to modern computing.  
Our businesses are based on two important technolog ies: the GPU and the Tegra processor. GPUs, each wi th billions of transistors, are the 
engine of visual computing and among the world's mo st complex processors. We have GPU product brands d esigned for specific users and 
applications: GeForce for gamers; Quadro for design ers; Tesla for researchers; and GRID for cloud-base d graphics solutions.  
The Tegra processor is a system-on-a-chip, or SOC, integrating an entire computer on a single chip. Te gra processors incorporate multi- core 
GPUs and CPUs together with audio, video and input/ output capabilities. They can also be integrated wi th baseband processors for phone and data 
communication. Unlike power-inefficient processors built for PCs, our Tegra SOC conserves power while delivering state-of-the- art graphics and 
multimedia processing. Tegra runs devices like smar tphones, tablets and PCs; it can also be embedded i nto smart devices, such as televisions, 
monitors, set- top boxes, gaming devices and cars. We recently ann ounced Project SHIELD, the first Android device des igned for gaming. Project 
SHIELD features our Tegra 4 processor and leverages  NVIDIA's deep partnerships with game developers al l over the world.  
Headquartered in Santa Clara, California, we were i ncorporated in California in April 1993 and reincor porated in Delaware in April 1998.  
All references to “NVIDIA,” “we,” “us,” “our” or th e “Company” mean NVIDIA Corporation and its subsidiaries, excep t where it is made 
clear that the term means only the parent company.  
 
Fiscal Year  
   
We operate on a 52- or a 53-week year, ending on th e last Sunday in January. Fiscal years 2013, 2012 a nd 2011 were 52-week years.  
   
Reclassifications  
 
Certain prior fiscal year balances have been reclas sified to conform to the current fiscal year presen tation.  
 
Principles of Consolidation  
   
Our consolidated financial statements include the a ccounts of NVIDIA Corporation and its wholly- owned subsidiaries. All material 
intercompany balances and transactions have been el iminated in consolidation.      
 
 
69  Table of Contents  
NVIDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES  
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
(Continued)  
 
 
Use of Estimates  
   
The preparation of financial statements in conformi ty with accounting principles generally accepted in  the United States of America, or 
U.S.GAAP, requires management to make estimates and  assumptions that affect the reported amounts of as sets and liabilities and disclosures of 
contingent assets and liabilities at the date of th e financial statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting period. 
Actual results could differ from those estimates. O n an on-going basis, we evaluate our estimates, including t hose related to revenue recognition, 
cash equivalents and marketable securities, account s receivable, inventories, income taxes, goodwill, stock-based compensation, warranty 
liabilities, litigation, investigation and settleme nt costs and other contingencies. These estimates a re based on historical facts and various other 
assumptions that we believe are reasonable.    
 
Revenue Recognition  
   
Product Revenue  
 
We recognize revenue from product sales when persua sive evidence of an arrangement exists, the product  has been delivered, the price is fixed 
or determinable and collection of the related recei vable is reasonably assured. For most sales, we use  a binding purchase order and in certain cases 
we use a contractual agreement as evidence of an arrangement. We consider delivery to occur upon shi pment provided title and risk of loss have 
passed to the customer. At the point of sale, we as sess whether the arrangement fee is fixed or determ inable and whether collection is reasonably 
assured. If we determine that collection of a fee i s not reasonably assured, we defer the fee and reco gnize revenue at the time collection becomes 
reasonably assured, which is generally upon receipt  of payment.  
Our policy on sales to certain distributors, with r ights of return, is to defer recognition of revenue  and related cost of revenue until the 
distributors resell the product, as the level of re turns cannot be reasonably estimated.  
Our customer programs primarily involve rebates, wh ich are designed to serve as sales incentives to re sellers of our products in various target 
markets. We accrue for 100% of the potential rebate s and do not apply a breakage factor. We recognize a liability for these rebates at the later of the 
date at which we record the related revenue or the date at which we offer the rebate. Rebates typicall y expire six months from the date of the 
original sale, unless we reasonably believe that th e customer intends to claim the rebate. Unclaimed r ebates are reversed to revenue.  
Our customer programs also include marketing develo pment funds, or MDFs. We account for MDFs as either  a reduction of revenue or an 
operating expense, depending on the nature of the p rogram.  MDFs represent monies paid to retailers, s ystem builders, original equipment 
manufacturers, or OEMs, distributors and add- in card partners that are earmarked for market segm ent development and expansion and typically are 
designed to support our partners' activities while also promoting NVIDIA products. Depending on market  conditions, we may take actions to 
increase amounts offered under customer programs, p ossibly resulting in an incremental reduction of re venue at the time such programs are offered. 
We also record a reduction to revenue by establishi ng a sales return allowance for estimated product r eturns at the time revenue is recognized, 
based primarily on historical return rates. However , if product returns for a particular fiscal period  exceed historical return rates we may determine 
that additional sales return allowances are require d to properly reflect our estimated exposure for pr oduct returns.  
License and Development Revenue  
   
For license arrangements that require significant c ustomization of our intellectual property component s, we generally recognize the related 
revenue over the period that services are performed . For most license and service arrangements, we det ermine progress to completion based on 
actual direct labor hours incurred to date as a per centage of the estimated total direct labor hours r equired to complete the project. We periodically 
evaluate the actual status of each project to ensur e that the estimates to complete each contract rema in accurate. A provision for estimated losses on 
contracts is made in the period in which the loss b ecomes probable and can be reasonably estimated. Co sts incurred in advance of revenue 
recognized are recorded as deferred costs on uncomp leted contracts. If the amount billed exceeds the a mount of revenue recognized, the excess 
amount is recorded as deferred revenue. Revenue rec ognized in any period is dependent on our progress toward completion of projects in progress. 
Significant management judgment and discretion are used to estimate total direct labor hours. Any chan ges in or deviations from these estimates 
could have a material effect on the amount of reven ue we recognize in any period.  
 
70  Table of Contents  
NVIDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES  
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
(Continued)  
 
 
For license arrangements that do not require signif icant customization but where we are obligated to p rovide further deliverables over the term 
of the license agreement, we record revenue over th e of life of the license term, with consideration r eceived in advance of the performance period 
classified as deferred revenue.  
 
Royalty revenue is recognized related to the distri bution or sale of products that use our technologie s under license agreements with third 
parties.  We recognize royalty revenue upon receipt  of a confirmation of earned royalties and when col lectability is reasonably assured from the 
applicable licensee.  
  Advertising Expenses  
 We expense advertising costs in the period in whic h they are incurred. Advertising expenses for fisca l years 2013 , 2012 and 2011 were $ 9.2 
million , $8.4 million and $9.5 million , respectiv ely.   
 
Rent Expense  
   
We recognize rent expense on a straight-line basis over the lease period and accrue for rent expense i ncurred, but not paid.  
   
Product Warranties  
   
We generally offer limited warranty to end- users that ranges from one to three years for produ cts in order to repair or replace products for any 
manufacturing defects or hardware component failure s. Cost of revenue includes the estimated cost of p roduct warranties that are calculated at the 
point of revenue recognition. Under limited circums tances, we may offer an extended limited warranty t o customers for certain products. We also 
accrue for known warranty and indemnification issue s if a loss is probable and can be reasonably estim ated.  
 
Stock-based Compensation  
        
We measure stock- based compensation expense based on the estimated f air value of equity awards at the grant date, and r ecognize the expense 
using a straight- line attribution method over the requisite employee  service period. We estimate the fair value of empl oyee stock options on the date 
of grant using a binomial model and we use the clos ing trading price of our common stock on the date o f grant, minus a dividend yield discount, as 
the fair value of awards of restricted stock units.  We calculate the fair value of our employee stock purchase plan using the Black- Scholes 
model.  Our stock-based compensation for employee s tock purchase plan is expensed using an accelerated  amortization model.  
Litigation, Investigation and Settlement Costs  
   
From time to time, we are involved in legal actions  and/or investigations by regulatory bodies. We are  aggressively defending our current 
litigation matters . However, there are many uncert ainties associated with any litigation or investiga tion, and we cannot be certain that these actions 
or other third- party claims against us will be resolved without co stly litigation, fines and/or substantial settlemen t payments. If that occurs, our 
business, financial condition and results of operat ions could be materially and adversely affected. If  information becomes available that causes us to 
determine that a loss in any of our pending litigat ion, investigations or settlements is probable, and  we can reasonably estimate the loss associated 
with such events, we will record the loss in accord ance with U.S. GAAP. However, the actual liability in any such litigation or investigation may be 
materially different from our estimates, which coul d require us to record additional costs.  
 
Foreign Currency Remeasurement  
   
We use the United States dollar as our functional c urrency for all of our subsidiaries. Foreign curren cy monetary assets and liabilities are 
remeasured into United States dollars at end-of-per iod exchange rates. Non- monetary assets and liabilities such as property an d equipment, and 
equity are remeasured at historical exchange rates.  Revenue and expenses are remeasured at average exc hange rates in effect during each period, 
except for those expenses related to the previously  noted balance sheet amounts, which are remeasured at historical exchange rates. Gains or losses 
from foreign currency re-measurement are included i n “Other expense, net” in our Consolidated Statements of Income and to dat e have not been 
significant.  
 
The impact of net foreign currency transaction gain  (loss) included in determining net income for fisc al years 2013 , 2012 and 2011 was $ (1.5) 
million , $ 1.6 million and $ (2.4) million , respe ctively.    
 
 
71  Table of Contents  
NVIDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES  
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
(Continued)  
 
 
Income Taxes  
   
 We recognize federal, state and foreign current ta x liabilities or assets based on our estimate of ta xes payable or refundable in the current fiscal 
year by tax jurisdiction. We recognize federal, sta te and foreign deferred tax assets or liabilities, as appropriate, for our estimate of future tax effe cts 
attributable to temporary differences and carryforw ards; and we record a valuation allowance to reduce  any deferred tax assets by the amount of any 
tax benefits that, based on available evidence and judgment, are not expected to be realized.  
   
United States income tax has not been provided on a  portion of earnings of our non- U.S. subsidiaries to the extent that such earnings are 
considered to be indefinitely reinvested.  
   
Our calculation of current and deferred tax assets and liabilities is based on certain estimates and j udgments and involves dealing with 
uncertainties in the application of complex tax law s. Our estimates of current and deferred tax assets  and liabilities may change based, in part, on 
added certainty or finality to an anticipated outco me, changes in accounting standards or tax laws in the United States, or foreign jurisdictions 
where we operate, or changes in other facts or circ umstances. In addition, we recognize liabilities fo r potential United States and foreign income tax 
contingencies based on our estimate of whether, and  the extent to which, additional taxes may be due. If we determine that payment of these 
amounts is unnecessary or if the recorded tax liabi lity is less than our current assessment, we may be  required to recognize an income tax benefit or 
additional income tax expense in our financial stat ements, accordingly.  
   
As of January 27, 2013, we had a valuation allowanc e of $224.8 million related to state and certain foreign deferred tax a ssets that management 
determined are not likely to be realized due, in pa rt, to projections of future taxable income and pot ential utilization limitations of tax attributes 
acquired as a result of stock ownership changes.  T o the extent realization of the deferred tax assets  becomes more-likely-than- not, we would 
recognize such deferred tax assets as an income tax  benefit during the period.  
           
Our deferred tax assets do not include the excess t ax benefit related to stock- based compensation that are a component of our fede ral and state 
net operating loss and research tax credit carryfor wards in the amount of $459.1 million as of January 27, 2013. Consistent with prior years , the 
excess tax benefit reflected in our net operating l oss and research tax credit carryforwards will be a ccounted for as a credit to stockholders' equity, i f 
and when realized.  In determining if and when exce ss tax benefits have been realized, we have elected  to utilize the with-and- without approach 
with respect to such excess tax benefits. We have a lso elected to ignore the indirect tax effects of s tock-based compensation deductions for financial 
and accounting reporting purposes, and specifically  to recognize the full effect of the research tax c redit in income from operations.  
 
We recognize the benefit from a tax position only i f it is more-likely-than- not that the position would be sustained upon audit  based solely on 
the technical merits of the tax position. Our polic y is to include interest and penalties related to u nrecognized tax benefits as a component of income 
tax expense. Please refer to Note 14 of these Notes  to the Consolidated Financial Statements for addit ional information.   
   
 Comprehensive Income  
   
Comprehensive income consists of net income and oth er comprehensive income (loss). Other comprehensive  income (loss) components 
include unrealized gains (losses) on available-for- sale securities, net of tax.  
 
Net Income Per Share  
   
Basic net income per share is computed using the we ighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period. Diluted net 
income per share is computed using the weighted ave rage number of common and potentially dilutive shar es outstanding during the period, using 
the treasury stock method. Under the treasury stock  method, the effect of stock options outstanding is  not included in the computation of diluted net 
income per share for periods when their effect is a nti-dilutive.  
 
Cash and Cash Equivalents  
   
We consider all highly liquid investments that are readily convertible into cash and have an original maturity of three months or less at the time 
of purchase to be cash equivalents. As of January 2 7, 2013 and January 29, 2012 , our cash and cash eq uivalents were $732.8 million and $667.9 
million , respectively, which include $ 195.8 milli on and $290.7 million invested in money market fund s for fiscal year 2013 and fiscal year 2012 , 
respectively.  
 
 
72  Table of Contents  
NVIDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES  
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
(Continued)  
 
 
Marketable Securities  
   
Marketable securities consist primarily of highly l iquid investments with maturities of greater than t hree months when purchased.  We 
generally classify our marketable securities at the  date of acquisition as available-for- sale. These securities are reported at fair value w ith the related 
unrealized gains and losses included in accumulated  other comprehensive income, a component of stockho lders’ equity, net of tax.  Any unrealized 
losses which are considered to be other-than- temporary impairments are recorded in the other inc ome and expense section of our consolidated 
statements of income.  Realized gains and losses on  the sale of marketable securities are determined u sing the specific- identification method and 
recorded in the other income and expense section of  our consolidated statements of income.  
 
All of our available-for- sale investments are subject to a periodic impairme nt review. We record a charge to earnings when a de cline in fair 
value is significantly below cost basis and judged to be other-than- temporary, or have other indicators of impairments.  If the fair value of an 
available-for-sale debt instrument is less than its  amortized cost basis, an other-than- temporary impairment is triggered in circumstances where 
(1) we intend to sell the instrument, (2) it is mor e likely than not that we will be required to sell the instrument before recovery of its amortized cos t 
basis, or (3) a credit loss exists where we do not expect to recover the entire amortized cost basis o f the instrument. If we intend to sell or it is mor e 
likely than not that we will be required to sell th e available-for- sale debt instrument before recovery of its amortiz ed cost basis, we recognize an 
other-than-temporary impairment in earnings equal t o the entire difference between the debt instrument s’ amortized cost basis and its fair value. For 
available-for-sale debt instruments that are consid ered other-than- temporarily impaired due to the existence of a cred it loss, if we do not intend to 
sell and it is not more likely than not that we wil l be required to sell the instrument before recover y of its remaining amortized cost basis (amortized 
cost basis less any current- period credit loss), we separate the amount of the impairment into the amount that is credit related a nd the amount due to 
all other factors. The credit loss component is rec ognized in earnings while loss related to all other  factors is recorded as other comprehensive 
income.  
   
We performed an impairment review of our investment  portfolio as of January 27, 2013 .  Based on our impairment review and having 
considered the guidance of the relevant accounting literature, we did not record any other than tempor ary impairment charges during fiscal year 
2013 .  We concluded that our investments were appropria tely valued and that no other than temporary impair ment charges were necessary on our 
portfolio of available for sale investments as of J anuary 27, 2013 .     
   
Fair Value of Financial Instruments  
   
The carrying value of cash, cash equivalents, accou nts receivable, accounts payable and accrued liabil ities approximate their fair values due to 
their relatively short maturities as of January 27,  2013 and January 29, 2012 . Marketable securities are comprised of available-for- sale securities 
that are reported at fair value with the related un realized gains and losses included in accumulated o ther comprehensive income, a component of 
stockholders’ equity, net of tax. Fair value of the  marketable securities is determined based on quote d market prices.  
 
Concentration of Credit Risk  
   
Financial instruments that potentially subject us t o concentrations of credit risk consist primarily o f cash equivalents, marketable securities and 
accounts receivable. Our investment policy requires  the purchase of top- tier investment grade securities, the diversificati on of asset type and 
includes certain limits on our portfolio duration. All marketable securities are held in our name, man aged by several investment managers and held 
by one major financial institution under a custodia l arrangement. Accounts receivable from significant  customers, those representing 10% or more 
of total accounts receivable aggregated approximate ly 40% of our accounts receivable balance from thre e customers at January 27, 2013 and 
approximately 20% of our accounts receivable balanc e from one customer at January 29, 2012 . We perform ongoing credit evaluations of our 
customers’ financial condition and maintain an allowance for p otential credit losses. This allowance consists of an amount identified for specific 
customers and an amount based on overall estimated exposure. Our overall estimated exposure excludes a mounts covered by credit insurance and 
letters of credit.  
 
 Accounts Receivable  
   
We maintain an allowance for doubtful accounts rece ivable for estimated losses resulting from the inab ility of our customers to make required 
payments. We determine this allowance, which consis ts of an amount identified for specific customer is sues as well as an amount based on overall 
estimated exposure. Factors impacting the allowance  include the level of gross receivables, the financ ial condition of our customers and the extent 
to which balances are covered by credit insurance o r letters of credit.  
 
 
73  Table of Contents  
NVIDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES  
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
(Continued)  
 
 
Inventories  
 
Inventory cost is computed on an adjusted standard basis, which approximates actual cost on an average  or first-in, first- out basis. Inventory 
costs consist primarily of the cost of semiconducto rs purchased from subcontractors, including wafer f abrication, assembly, testing and packaging, 
manufacturing support costs, including labor and ov erhead associated with such purchases, final test y ield fallout, inventory provisions and 
shipping costs. We write down our inventory to the lower of cost or estimated market value. Excess, ob solete or unmarketable inventory is 
completely written off based upon assumptions about  future demand, future product purchase commitments , estimated manufacturing yield levels 
and market conditions. If actual market conditions are less favorable than those projected by manageme nt, or if our current inventory or future 
product purchase commitments to our suppliers excee d our forecasted future demand for such products, a dditional future inventory write- downs 
may be required that could adversely affect our ope rating results. Inventory reserves once established  are not reversed until the related inventory has 
been sold or scrapped.  If actual market conditions  are more favorable than expected and we sell produ cts that we have previously written down, our 
reported gross margin would be favorably impacted.  
Property and Equipment  
   
Property and equipment are stated at cost. Deprecia tion of property and equipment is computed using th e straight- line method based on the 
estimated useful lives of the assets, generally thr ee to five years.  The estimated useful lives of ou r buildings are up to twenty- five years. 
Depreciation expense includes the amortization of a ssets recorded under capital leases. Leasehold impr ovements and assets recorded under capital 
leases are amortized over the shorter of the lease term or the estimated useful life of the asset.  
 
Goodwill  
 
Goodwill is subject to our annual impairment test d uring the fourth quarter of our fiscal year, or ear lier if indicators of potential impairment 
exist.  For the purposes of completing our impairme nt test, we perform either a qualitative or a quant itative analysis on a reporting unit basis.   
 
In fiscal year 2012, we early adopted an accounting  standard update, commonly referred to as a step ze ro approach, that allows us to first assess 
qualitative factors to determine whether it is nece ssary to perform the two- step quantitative goodwill impairment test. For rep orting units in which 
the qualitative assessment concludes it is more lik ely than not that the fair value is more than its c arrying value, the amended guidance eliminates 
the requirement to perform further goodwill impairm ent testing. For those reporting units where signif icant change or events occur, and where 
potential impairment indicators exist, we continue to utilize a two- step quantitative assessment to testing goodwill fo r impairment. The first step 
tests for possible impairment by applying a fair va lue-based test. In computing fair value of our reportin g units, we considered both the income 
method and market method, where applicable. The inc ome method is based on a discounted future cash flo w analysis while the market method is 
based on financial multiples of comparable companie s and applies a control premium. Our goodwill impai rment test uses a weighting primarily 
towards the income method to estimate the reporting  unit's fair value. The second step, if necessary, measures the amount of such impairment by 
applying fair value-based tests to individual asset s and liabilities.  
 
Intangible Assets  
 
Intangible assets primarily represent rights acquir ed under technology licenses, patents, acquired int ellectual property, trademarks and customer 
relationships.  We currently amortize our intangibl e assets with definitive lives over periods ranging  from one to ten years using a method that 
reflects the pattern in which the economic benefits  of the intangible asset are consumed or otherwise used up or, if that pattern cannot be reliably 
determined, using a straight-line amortization meth od.  
 
 
74  Table of Contents  
NVIDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES  
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
(Continued)  
 
 
Impairment of Long-Lived Assets  
   
Long-lived assets, such as property and equipment and in tangible assets subject to amortization are reviewe d for impairment whenever events 
or changes in circumstances indicate that the carry ing amount of an asset, or asset group may not be r ecoverable. Recoverability of assets to be held 
and used is measured by a comparison of the carryin g amount of an asset, or asset group to estimated u ndiscounted future cash flows expected to be 
generated by the asset, or asset group.  If the car rying amount of an asset or asset group exceeds its  estimated future cash flows, an impairment 
charge is recognized for the amount by which the ca rrying amount of the asset or asset group exceeds t he estimated fair value of the asset or asset 
group.  Fair value is determined based on the estim ated discounted future cash flows expected to be ge nerated by the asset or asset group.  Assets 
and liabilities to be disposed of would be separate ly presented in the consolidated balance sheet and the assets would be reported at the lower of the 
carrying amount or fair value less costs to sell, a nd would no longer be depreciated.  
 
Accounting for Asset Retirement Obligations  
   
We account for asset retirement obligations associa ted with the retirement of tangible long- lived assets and the associated asset retirement 
costs. The accounting guidance applies to legal obl igations associated with the retirement of long- lived assets that result from the acquisition, 
construction, development and/or normal use of the assets and requires that the fair value of a liabil ity for an asset retirement obligation be 
recognized in the period in which it is incurred if  a reasonable estimate of fair value can be made. T he fair value of the liability is added to the 
carrying amount of the associated asset and this ad ditional carrying amount is depreciated over the li fe of the asset.  As of January 27, 2013 and 
January 29, 2012 , our asset retirement obligations to return the le asehold improvements at our headquarters facility i n Santa Clara, California and 
certain laboratories at our Austin facility and int ernational locations to their original condition up on lease termination were $10.6 million and $10.2 
million , respectively.  
 
Adoption of New and Recently Issued Accounting Pron ouncements   
 
In the third quarter of fiscal year 2013 we adopted  an amended standard that simplifies how entities t est indefinite- lived intangible assets for 
impairment, which improves consistency in impairmen t testing requirements among long- lived asset categories. This amended standard permi ts an 
assessment of qualitative factors to determine whet her it is more likely than not that the fair value of an indefinite- lived intangible asset is less than 
its carrying value. For assets for which this asses sment concludes it is more likely than not that the  fair value is more than its carrying value, these 
amended standards eliminate the requirement to perf orm quantitative impairment testing as outlined in the previously issued standard. This new 
standard did not have an impact on our consolidated  financial statements.  
 
In the first quarter of fiscal year 2013, we adopte d an amended standard that increases the prominence  of items reported in other comprehensive 
income. This amended standard eliminates the option  to present components of other comprehensive incom e as part of the statement of changes in 
stockholders' equity and requires that all changes in stockholders' equity - except investments by, an d distributions to, owners -  be presented either 
in a single continuous statement of comprehensive i ncome or in two separate but consecutive statements . The adoption of this amended standard 
impacted the presentation of other comprehensive in come, as we have elected to present two separate bu t consecutive statements, but did not have 
an impact on our financial position or results of o perations.  
 
 
Note 2 - Stock-Based Compensation  
 
We measure stock- based compensation expense based on the estimated f air value of equity awards at the grant date, and r ecognize the expense 
using a straight- line attribution method over the requisite employee  service period. We estimate the fair value of empl oyee stock options on the date 
of grant using a binomial model and we use the clos ing trading price of our common stock on the date o f grant, minus a dividend yield discount, as 
the fair value of awards of RSUs.  We estimate the fair value of shares to be issued our employee stoc k purchase plan using the Black- Scholes at the 
commencement of an offering period in March and Sep tember each year.  Our stock- based compensation for employee stock purchase plan  is 
expensed using an accelerated amortization model.  
   
 
75  Table of Contents  
NVIDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES  
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
(Continued)  
 
 
Our consolidated statements of income include stock -based compensation expense, net of amounts capital ized as inventory, as follows:  
 
As of January 27, 2013 and January 29, 2012 , the a ggregate amount of unearned stock- based compensation expense related to our equity 
awards was $208.7 million and $185.8 million , resp ectively, adjusted for estimated forfeitures.   As of January 27, 2013 and January 29, 2012 , we 
expect to recognize the unearned stock- based compensation expense related to stock options  over an estimated weighted average amortization 
period of 2.7 years and 2.5 years, respectively.  A s of January 27, 2013 and January 29, 2012 , we exp ect to recognize the unearned stock- based 
compensation expense related to RSUs over an estima ted weighted average amortization period of 2.7 yea rs and 2.5 years.    
   
Stock-based compensation capitalized in inventories  resulted in a net charge of $0.4 million , $0.1 mi llion and $0.7 million in cost of revenue 
during the fiscal years ended January 27, 2013 , Ja nuary 29, 2012 and January 30, 2011 , respectively.   
   
During fiscal years 2013 , 2012 and 2011 , we grant ed approximately 7.1 million , 6.4 million and 5.8 million stock options, respectively, with 
estimated total grant-date fair values of $38.3 mil lion , $52.4 million and $34.4 million , respective ly, and weighted average grant- date fair values 
of $5.38 , $8.16 and $5.89 per option, respectively . During fiscal years 2013 , 2012 and 2011 , we gra nted approximately 8.1 million , 7.3 million 
and 7.1 million RSUs, respectively, with estimated total grant-date fair values of $112.8 million , $1 19.7 million and $96.7 million , respectively, 
and weighted average grant-date fair values of $13. 86 , $16.31 and $13.61 per RSU, respectively.  
   
Of the estimated total grant-date fair value, we es timated that the stock- based compensation expense related to the equity aw ards that are not 
expected to vest for fiscal years 2013 , 2012 and 2 011 was $27.1 million , $30.8 million and $23.5 mil lion , respectively.  
   
Valuation Assumptions  
   
We determine the fair value of stock option awards on the date of grant using an option- pricing model that is affected by our stock price a s well 
as assumptions regarding a number of highly complex  and subjective variables. These variables include,  but are not limited to, weighted average 
expected term, risk- free interest rate, expected stock price volatility , dividend yield, actual and projected employee sto ck option exercise behaviors, 
vesting schedules and death and disability probabil ities. We segregate options into groups of employee s with relatively homogeneous exercise 
behavior in order to calculate the best estimate of  fair value using the binomial valuation model.  
The expected life of employee stock options is a de rived output of our valuation model and is impacted  by the underlying assumptions of our 
company. The risk- free interest rate assumption is based upon observe d interest rates on Treasury bills appropriate for the term of our employee 
stock options. Our management has determined that t he use of implied volatility is expected to be more  reflective of market conditions and, 
therefore, can reasonably be expected to be a bette r indicator of our expected volatility than histori cal volatility. Dividend yield is based on history 
and expectation of dividend payouts. Our RSU awards  are not eligible for cash dividends prior to vesti ng; therefore, the fair value of RSUs is 
discounted by the dividend yield.  
Prior to the initial declaration of a quarterly cas h dividend on November 8, 2012, the fair value of o ur equity awards was based on an expected 
dividend yield of 0% reflecting our prior history i n which we had not paid and did not expect to pay c ash dividends on our common stock. For 
awards granted on or subsequent to November 8, 2012 , we now use a dividend yield at grant date based o n the per share dividends declared during 
the most recent quarter.  
 
76     Year Ended  
   January 27,  
2013    January 29,  
2012    January 30,  
2011  
   (In thousands)  
Cost of revenue  $ 10,490    $ 11,322    $ 8,308  
Research and development  82,157    80,502    57,974  
Sales, general and administrative  44,015    44,530    34,071  
Total  $ 136,662    $ 136,354    $ 100,353  Table of Contents  
NVIDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES  
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
(Continued)  
 
 
Additionally, for employee stock option and RSU awa rds, we estimate forfeitures annually and revise th e estimates of forfeiture in subsequent 
periods if actual forfeitures differ from those est imates. Forfeitures are estimated based on historic al experience. If factors change and we employ 
different assumptions in the application of account ing standards in future periods, the compensation e xpense that we record under these accounting 
standards may differ significantly from what we hav e recorded in the current period.  
The fair value of stock options granted under our s tock option plans and shares issued under our emplo yee stock purchase plan have been 
estimated with the following assumptions:  
 
Equity Incentive Program  
   
We consider equity compensation to be long- term compensation and an integral component of our efforts to attract and retain exceptional 
executives, senior management and world- class employees. Currently, we grant stock options and RSUs under our equity incentive plans.  We 
believe that properly structured equity compensatio n aligns the long- term interests of stockholders and employees by cre ating a strong, direct link 
between employee compensation and stock appreciatio n, as stock options are only valuable to our employ ees if the value of our common stock 
increases after the date of grant.  
 
Amended and Restated 2007 Equity Incentive Plan  
   
At the Annual Meeting of Stockholders held on June 21, 2007, our stockholders approved the NVIDIA Corp oration 2007 Equity Incentive 
Plan, or the 2007 Plan. At the Annual Meeting of St ockholders held on May 17, 2012, our stockholders a pproved an amendment and restatement of 
the 2007 Plan, or the Restated 2007 Plan.  
   
The Restated 2007 Plan authorizes the issuance of i ncentive stock options, nonstatutory stock options,  restricted stock, restricted stock unit, 
stock appreciation rights, performance stock awards , performance cash awards, and other stock- based awards to employees, directors and 
consultants. Only our employees may receive incenti ve stock options. The Restated 2007 Plan succeeds o ur 1998 Equity Incentive Plan, our 1998 
Non -Employee Directors’ Stock Option Plan, our 2000 Nonstatutory Equity Inc entive Plan, and the PortalPlayer, Inc. 2004 Stock Incentive Plan, or 
collectively, the Prior Plans. All options and stoc k awards granted under the Prior Plans shall remain  subject to the terms of the Prior Plans with 
respect to which they were originally granted. Unde r the 2007 Plan or the Prior Plans, we could issue up to 101,845,177 shares, which due to the 
subsequent stock split became 152,767,766 shares, of our common stock. With the amendment and  restatement of the 2007 Plan, which increased 
the number of shares of common stock authorized for  issuance under the 2007 Plan by 25,000,000 shares,  up to 177,767,766 shares of our common 
stock may be issued pursuant to stock awards grante d under the Restated 2007 Plan or the Prior Plans.  Currently, we grant stock options and RSUs 
under our equity incentive plans. As of January 27,  2013 , there were 36,889,121 shares available for future issuance under the Restated 2007 Plan.  
 
 
77     Year Ended  
   January 27,  
2013    January 29,  
2012    January 30,  
2011  
Stock Options  (Using a binomial model)  
Weighted average expected life (in years)  3.1-4.9   3.0-5.4    3.1-6.7  
Risk-free interest rate  1.5%-2.3%   1.9%-3.8%    1.5%-3.3%  
Volatility  39%-49%   46%-65%    42%-53%  
Dividend yield  2.4%   —   — 
   Year Ended  
   January 27,  
2013    January 29,  
2012    January 30,  
2011  
Employee Stock Purchase Plan  (Using the Black-Scholes model)  
Weighted average expected life (in years)  0.5-2.0    0.5-2.0    0.5-2.0  
Risk-free interest rate  0.1%-0.3%    0.1%-0.7%    0.2%-0.8%  
Volatility  44%-47%    57%-61%    45%-47%  
Dividend yield  —   —   — Table of Contents  
NVIDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES  
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
(Continued)  
 
 
In September 2010, we changed the vesting schedule for stock options and RSUs granted to employees from a three year period to a four year 
period . Stock options granted to employees, subjec t to certain exceptions, vest over a four year peri od, subject to continued service, with 25% 
vesting on the anniversary of the hire date in the case of new hires or the anniversary of the date of  grant in the case of grants to existing employees 
and 6.25% vesting at the end of each quarterly peri od thereafter . We do have unvested stock options that continue t o vest pursuant to a three year 
vesting period, subject to continued service.  Opti ons granted under the 2007 Plan generally expire si x or ten years from the date of grant.  
 
With respect to RSUs, subject to certain exceptions , RSUs granted to employees vest over a four year p eriod, subject to continued service, with 
25% vesting on a pre-determined date that is close to the anniversary of the date of grant and 12.5% v esting semi- annually thereafter until fully 
vested. We do have unvested RSUs that continue to v est pursuant to a three vesting period, subject to continued service.  
 
Unless terminated sooner, the Restated 2007 Plan is  scheduled to terminate on March 21, 2022. Our Boar d may suspend or terminate the 
Restated 2007 Plan at any time. No awards may be gr anted under the Restated 2007 Plan while the Restat ed 2007 Plan is suspended or after it is 
terminated. The Board may also amend the Restated 2 007 Plan at any time. However, if legal, regulatory  or listing requirements require stockholder 
approval, the amendment will not go into effect unt il the stockholders have approved the amendment.  
   
PortalPlayer, Inc. 1999 Stock Option Plan  
 
We assumed options issued under the PortalPlayer, I nc. 1999 Stock Option Plan, or the 1999 Plan, when we completed our acquisition of 
PortalPlayer on January 5, 2007. The 1999 Plan was terminated upon completion of PortalPlayer’ s initial public offering of common stock in 2004. 
No shares of common stock are available for issuanc e under the 1999 Plan other than to satisfy exercis es of stock options granted under the 1999 
Plan prior to its termination and any shares that b ecome available for issuance as a result of expirat ion or cancellation of an option that was issued 
pursuant to the 1999 Plan. Previously authorized ye t unissued shares under the 1999 Plan were cancelle d upon completion of PortalPlayer’ s initial 
public offering.  
   
Each option we assumed in connection with our acqui sition of PortalPlayer was converted into the right  to purchase that number of shares of 
NVIDIA common stock determined by multiplying the number of shares of PortalPlayer  common stock underlying such option by 0.3601 and then 
rounding down to the nearest whole number of shares . T he exercise price per share for each assumed option  was similarly adjusted by dividing the 
exercise price by 0.3601 and then rounding up to th e nearest whole cent. Vesting schedules and expirat ion dates did not change.     
 
Under the 1999 Plan, incentive stock options were g ranted at a price that was not less than 100% of th e fair market value of PortalPlayer’ s 
common stock, as determined by its board of directo rs, on the date of grant. Non- statutory stock options were granted at a price tha t was not less 
than 85% of the fair market value of PortalPlayer’s  common stock, as determined by its board of direct ors, on the date of grant.  
 
Generally, options granted under the 1999 Plan are exercisable for a period of ten years from the date  of grant, and shares vest at a rate of 25% 
on the first anniversary of the grant date of the o ption, and an additional 1/48th of the shares upon completion of each succeeding full month of 
continuous employment thereafter.  
 
1998 and 2012 Employee Stock Purchase Plans  
   
 In February 1998, our Board approved the 1998 Empl oyee Stock Purchase Plan, or the 1998 Plan. At the Annual Meeting of Stockholders held 
on May 17, 2012, our stockholders approved the 2012  Employee Stock Purchase Plan, or the 2012 Plan, th e successor to the 1998 Plan, and 
collectively with the 1998 Plan, the ESPP Plans.  
 
Prior to the effective date of the 2012 Plan, we ha d authorized a total of 78,000,000 shares for issua nce under the 1998 Plan, 54,567,667 shares 
of which had been issued, 15,000,000 shares of whic h were reserved for issuance pursuant to outstandin g purchase rights and 8,432,333 shares of 
which were available for future issuance. Upon its approval by our stockholders, the maximum aggregate  number of shares that could be issued 
under the 2012 Plan would not exceed 55,432,333 sha res, representing the sum of (i) 32,000,000 newly requested shares, (ii) the 8,432,333 shares 
which had been available for issuance under the 199 8 Plan and (iii) the number of shares subject to ou tstanding purchase rights granted under the 
1998 Plan that would otherwise have returned to the  1998 Plan (such as upon the cancellation or expira tion of an outstanding purchase right), as 
such shares would become available from time to tim e (which could not exceed 15,000,000 shares).  
 
78  Table of Contents  
NVIDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES  
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
(Continued)  
 
 
 
Effective upon the August 31, 2012 purchase date pu rsuant to the 1998 Plan, of the 15,000,000 shares w hich had been reserved for issuance 
pursuant to outstanding purchase rights, 2,687,698 shares were issued pursuant to outstanding purchase  rights, 183,000 shares were available but 
reserved for future issuance, and the remaining 12, 129,302 shares were moved into the share reserve of  the 2012 Plan.  
 
No additional purchase rights will be granted under  the 1998 Plan (although all outstanding purchase r ights granted under the 1998 Plan will 
continue to be subject to the terms of the 1998 Pla n and any offering document describing the terms an d conditions of offerings made pursuant to 
the 1998 Plan). At January 27, 2013, we had issued 57,255,365 shares under the 1998 Plan and 183,000 shares were available but reserved for 
future issuance.  
 
At January 27, 2013, no shares had been issued unde r the 2012 Plan and  52,561,635 shares were availab le but reserved for future issuance.  
 
Each of the ESPP Plans is intended to qualify as an  “employee stock purchase plan” under Section 423 of the Internal Revenue Code. Und er 
the ESPP Plans, the Board has authorized participat ion by eligible employees, including officers, in p eriodic offerings following the adoption of 
each of the ESPP Plans. Under the ESPP Plans, separ ate offering periods shall be no longer than 27 months. Under the current offerings adopted 
pursuant to the ESPP Plans, each offering period is  24 months, which is divided into four purchase per iods of six months.  
 
Employees are eligible to participate if they are e mployed by us or an affiliate of us as designated b y the Board. Employees who participate in 
an offering may have up to 10% of their earnings withheld pursuant to the ESPP Pla ns up to certain limitations and applied on specifi ed dates 
determined by the Board to the purchase of shares o f common stock. The Board may increase this percent age at its discretion, up to 15% . The price 
of common stock purchased under the ESPP Plans will  be equal to 85% of the lower of the fair market va lue of the common stock on the 
commencement date of each offering period and the p urchase date of each offering period. During fiscal  years 2013 , 2012 and 2011 , employees 
purchased approximately 5.5 million , 5.8 million ,  and 6.7 million shares, respectively, under the 19 98 Plan with weighted- average prices of 
$10.83 , $8.18 , and $6.59 per share, respectively,  and weighted average grant-date fair values of $5. 16 , $5.47 and $4.06 per share, respectively. 
Employees may end their participation in the ESPP P lans at any time during the offering period, and pa rticipation ends automatically on termination 
of employment with us and in each case their contri butions are refunded.    
     
 
79  Table of Contents  
NVIDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES  
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
(Continued)  
 
 
The following is a summary of our equity award tran sactions under our equity incentive plans:   
 
(1)  The aggregate intrinsic value in the table abo ve represents the total pre-tax intrinsic value for  in-the-money options at January 27, 2013 , based 
on the $12.41 closing stock price of our common stock on the NASD AQ Global Select Market on January 25, 2013, the la st trading day of 
fiscal year 2013, which would have been received by  the option holders had all in-the- money option holders exercised their options as of that 
date. The total number of in-the-money options outs tanding and exercisable as of January 27, 2013 was 26.7 million shares and 9.6 million 
shares, respectively.  
 
(2) Represents the shares that were approved at our  2012 Annual Meeting of Stockholders.  
   
The total intrinsic value of options exercised was $21.1 million , $105.3 million and $139.1 million f or fiscal years 2013 , 2012 and 2011 , 
respectively. Upon exercise of an option, we issue new shares of stock. The total fair value of option s vested was $40.3 million , $49.5 million and 
$60.7 million for fiscal years 2013 , 2012 and 2011  , respectively.  
   
 
80          Options Outstanding    Restricted Stock Units 
Outstanding  
    Total Stock 
Awards 
Available for 
Grant    Number of 
Shares    Weighted 
Average 
Exercise 
Price Per 
Share    Weighted Average 
Remaining  Contractual 
Life    Aggregate 
Intrinsic Value 
(1)    Number of 
Shares    Weighted 
Average 
Grant-Date 
Fair Value  
                                    
Balances, January 31, 2010  44,016,042    58,348,422    $ 11.30              7,488,512    $ 12.28  
Authorized  —   —   $ —             —   — 
Granted  (12,923,659 )   5,818,966    $ 13.79              7,104,693    $ 13.61  
Exercised  —   (18,287,483 )   $ 8.16              —   — 
Vested Restricted Stock  —   —   —             (3,215,633 )   $ 11.74  
Canceled and forfeited  2,644,105    (1,878,447 )   $ 12.56              (765,658 )   $ 13.76  
Balances, January 30, 2011  33,736,488    44,001,458    $ 12.88              10,611,914    $ 13.23  
Authorized  —   —   $ —             —   — 
Granted  (13,767,554 )   6,430,778    $ 16.18              7,336,776    $ 16.31  
Exercised  —   (15,515,053 )   $ 10.70              —   — 
Vested Restricted Stock  —   —   —             (3,442,076 )   $ 12.02  
Canceled and forfeited  2,457,018    (1,588,207 )   $ 14.78              (868,811 )   $ 14.72  
Balances, January 29, 2012  22,425,952    33,328,976    $ 14.44              13,637,803    $ 15.10  
Authorized (2)  25,000,000    —   $ —             —   — 
Granted  (15,254,977 )   7,119,319    $ 13.88              8,135,658    $ 13.86  
Exercised  —   (3,646,680 )   $ 8.66              —   — 
Vested Restricted Stock  —   —   —             (5,691,623 )   $ 15.02  
Canceled and forfeited  4,728,901    (3,806,290 )   $ 17.04              (922,611 )   $ 15.14  
Balances, January 27, 2013  36,899,876    32,995,325    $ 14.66    5.08    $ 26,006,026    15,159,227    $ 14.46  
Exercisable at January 27, 2013       20,156,213    $ 14.89    3.00    $ 22,850,198            
Vested and Expected to Vest after 
January 27, 2013       30,971,523    $ 14.68    4.86    $ 25,520,514    12,245,083    $ 14.46  Table of Contents  
NVIDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES  
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
(Continued)  
 
 
 
Note 3 - Patent Cross License Agreement  
   
On January 10, 2011, we entered into a six - year patent cross licensing agreement, or the Licen se Agreement, with Intel.   Under the License 
Agreement, Intel has granted to NVIDIA and its qual ified subsidiaries, and NVIDIA has granted to Intel  and Intel’s qualified subsidiaries, a non-
exclusive, non- transferable, worldwide license, without the right to sublicense to all patents that are either owned or controlled by the parties at any 
time that have a first filing date on or before Mar ch 31, 2017, to make, have made (subject to certain  limitations), use, sell, offer to sell, import and  
otherwise dispose of certain semiconductor- and ele ctronic-related products anywhere in the world. NVI DIA’s rights to Intel’ s patents have certain 
specified limitations, including but not limited to , NVIDIA was not granted a license to: (1) certain microprocessors, defined in the License 
Agreement as “Intel Processors” or “Intel Compatibl e Processors;” ( 2) certain chipsets that connect to Intel Processor s; or (3) certain flash memory 
products. In connection with the License Agreement,  NVIDIA and Intel mutually agreed to settle all out standing legal disputes. Under the License 
Agreement, Intel will pay NVIDIA an aggregate amoun t of $1.5 billion , payable in annual installments,  as follows: a $300 million payment on 
each of January 18, 2011, January 13, 2012 and Janu ary 15, 2013 and a $200 million payment on each of January 15, 2014, 2015 and 2016.  
 
Accounting for the Agreement  
   
The License Agreement between NVIDIA and Intel incl udes multiple elements.  As a result, we determined  each element of the License 
Agreement, their fair value and when they should be  recognized.   We allocated the total consideration , comprising of the cash payments from Intel 
and the estimated fair value of the license we rece ived from Intel, to the legal settlement and the li cense to Intel based on the estimated relative fair  
value of these elements as follows:   
 
The elements of the License Agreement are accounted  for as follows:  
   
 
Fair Value Determination  
   
In determining the estimated fair value of the elem ents of the License Agreement, we assumed the highe st and best use of each element from a 
market participant perspective. The inputs and assu mptions used in our valuation included projected re venue, royalty rates, discount rates, useful 
lives and income tax rates, among others. The devel opment of a number of these inputs and assumptions in the model required a significant amount 
of management judgment and is based upon a number o f factors, including the selection of industry comp arables, royalty rates, market growth rates 
and other relevant factors. Changes in any number o f these assumptions may have had a substantial impa ct on the estimated fair value of each 
element. These inputs and assumptions represent man agement’s best estimate at the time of the transact ion.  
 
 
81     (In thousands)  
Legal settlement  $ 57,000  
License to Intel  1,583,000  
License from Intel  (140,000 ) 
Total cash consideration  $ 1,500,000  
1.    Legal settlement : In connection with the License Agreement, both pa rties agreed to settle all outstanding legal disput es.  The fair value 
allocated to the settlement of $57.0 million was re corded in the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2011, a s a benefit to operating expense.  
2.  License to Intel:   We will recognize $1,583.0 million in total, or $ 66.0 million per quarter, as revenue over the term of the agreem ent of 
six years, the period over which Intel will have ac cess to newly filed NVIDIA patents. Consideration r eceived in advance of the 
performance period will be classified as deferred r evenue. We recognized $264.0 million and $220.0 mil lion of revenue in fiscal years 
2013 and 2012, respectively, as our performance obl igation under the agreement commenced on April 2011 .  
3.    License from Intel : We recognized $140.0 million as an intangible ass et upon execution of the agreement. Amortization of  $5.0 million 
per quarter will be charged to cost of sales over t he seven year estimated useful life of the technology beginn ing in April 2011. We 
recognized amortization expense of $20.0 million an d $16.7 million in fiscal years 2013 and 2012, resp ectively.  Table of Contents  
NVIDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES  
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
(Continued)  
 
 
 
Note 4 – Net Income Per Share  
   
The following is a reconciliation of the numerators  and denominators of the basic and diluted net inco me per share computations for the 
periods presented:  
 
Note 5 - 3dfx  
 
During fiscal year 2002, we completed the purchase of certain assets from 3dfx Interactive, Inc., or 3 dfx, for an aggregate purchase price of 
approximately $74.2 million . On December 15, 2000, NVIDIA Corporation and one of our indirect subsidiaries entered into an Asset Purchase 
Agreement, or the APA, which closed on April 18, 20 01, to purchase certain graphics chip assets from 3 dfx.  
   
In October 2002, 3dfx filed for Chapter 11 bankrupt cy protection in the United States Bankruptcy Court  for the Northern District of California. 
In March 2003, the Trustee appointed by the Bankrup tcy Court to represent 3dfx’ s bankruptcy estate served his complaint on NVIDIA.   The 
Trustee’s complaint asserted claims for, among other things , successor liability and fraudulent transfer and s ought additional payments from us.   In 
early November 2005, NVIDIA and the Official Commit tee of Unsecured Creditors, or the Creditors’ Committee, agreed to a Plan of Liquidation of 
3dfx, which included a conditional settlement of th e Trustee’ s claims against us. This conditional settlement wa s subject to a confirmation process 
through a vote of creditors and the review and appr oval of the Bankruptcy Court. The conditional settl ement called for a payment by NVIDIA of 
approximately $30.6 million to the 3dfx estate. Und er the settlement, $5.6 million related to various administrative expenses and Trus tee fees, and 
$25.0 million related to the satisfaction of debts and liabilitie s owed to the general unsecured creditors of 3dfx. Accordingly, during the three month 
period ended October 30, 2005, we recorded $5.6 mil lion as a charge to settlement costs and $25.0 mill ion as additional purchase price for 
3dfx.  The Trustee advised that he intended to obje ct to the settlement.   
   
The conditional settlement reached in November 2005  never progressed through the confirmation process and the Trustee’ s case still remains 
pending appeal.  As such, we have not reversed the accrual of $30.6 million - $5.6 million as a charge  to settlement costs and $25.0 million as 
additional purchase price for 3dfx – that we recorded during the three months ended Octo ber 30, 2005, pending resolution of the appeal of t he 
Trustee’s case.   
 
The 3dfx asset purchase price of $95.0 million and $4.2 million of direct transaction costs were allocated based on  fair values presented below. 
The final allocation of the purchase price of the 3 dfx assets is contingent upon the outcome of all of  the 3dfx litigation. Please refer to  Note 13 of 
these Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement s for further discussion regarding this litigation.   
 
82     Year Ended  
   January 27,  
2013    January 29,  
2012    January 30,  
2011  
   (In thousands, except per share data)  
Numerator:               
Net income  $ 562,536    $ 581,090    $ 253,146  
Denominator:               
Denominator for basic net income per share, weighte d average shares  619,324    603,646    575,177  
Effect of dilutive securities:               
Equity awards outstanding  5,633    12,725    13,507  
Denominator for diluted net income per share, weigh ted average shares  624,957    616,371    588,684  
Net income per share:               
Basic net income per share  $ 0.91    $ 0.96    $ 0.44  
Diluted net income per share  $ 0.90    $ 0.94    $ 0.43  
Potentially dilutive securities excluded from incom e per diluted share because their 
effect would have been anti-dilutive  
 26,784    22,617    24,646  Table of Contents  
NVIDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES  
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
(Continued)  
 
 
 
Note 6 -Business Combinations  
 
On June 10, 2011, we completed the acquisition of I cera, Inc. by acquiring all issued and outstanding preferred and common shares in 
exchange for cash. Icera develops baseband processo rs for 3G and 4G cellular phones and tablets.  In a ddition to leveraging on the existing Icera 
business, the objective of the acquisition is to ac celerate and enhance the combination of our applica tion processor with Icera’ s baseband processor 
for use in mobile devices such as smartphones and t ablets.  
 
Total consideration to acquire Icera was $352.2 mil lion in cash. All existing Icera equity based incentive plans were terminated upon the 
completion of the acquisition. In connection with t he acquisition of Icera, we established a retention  program in the aggregate amount of 
approximately $68.0 million to be paid out to Icera  employees over a period of four years.  
 
The fair values of the assets acquired and liabilit ies assumed by major class in the acquisition of Ic era were recognized as follows (in 
thousands):  
 
The goodwill amount of $271.2 million  arising from the acquisition is primarily attribut ed to the assembled workforce of Icera and the 
premium paid over the fair value of the net assets acquired from Icera.  Goodwill recognized is not ex pected to be deductible for tax purposes.  We 
have determined that goodwill from the acquisition of Icera should be allocated to our Tegra Processor  segment. In addition, the revenue 
contribution from Icera was not significant for the  fiscal years ended January 27, 2013 and January 29 , 2012. Please refer to Note 7 of these Notes 
to Consolidated Financial Statements for further in formation regarding the activity related to the car rying value of goodwill.  
   
 
 
 
 
83      Fair Market Value    Straight-Line  
Amortization Period  
   (In thousands)    (Years)  
Property and equipment  $ 2,433    1-2  
Trademarks  11,310    5  
Goodwill  85,418    — 
Total  $ 99,161       
Cash  $ 3,315  
Accounts receivable  13,740  
Inventory  13,510  
Prepaid and other current assets  1,972  
Deferred tax assets  13,036  
Property, plant and equipment  3,649  
Goodwill  271,186  
Intangible assets  97,515  
Other assets  591  
Total assets acquired  418,514  
    
Accounts payable  (6,026 ) 
Accrued liabilities  (38,735 ) 
Notes payable  (10,319 ) 
Income taxes payable  (4,558 ) 
Deferred income tax liabilities  (6,677 ) 
Net assets acquired  $ 352,199  Table of Contents  
NVIDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES  
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
(Continued)  
 
 
The acquisition- related intangible assets assumed from the acquisit ion of Icera were recognized as follows based upon their fair values as of 
June 10, 2011:  
   
Technology  
 
Technology consists of core technology and existing  technology. Core technology represents a series of  processes and trade secrets that are 
used in Icera’ s products and form a major part of the architectur e of both the current products and planned future r eleases of current products. We 
used a profit allocation method to value the core t echnology of Icera, based on market royalties for s imilar fundamental technologies. The profit 
allocation method estimates the cost savings that a ccrue to the owner of an intangible asset that woul d otherwise be payable on revenues earned 
through the use of the asset. The royalty rate we u sed was based on an analysis of empirical, market- derived royalty rates for guideline intangible 
assets. Revenue was projected over the expected rem aining useful life of the core technology and then the market- derived royalty rate was applied 
to estimate the royalty savings.  
 
Existing technology is specific to certain products  acquired that have also passed technological feasi bility. We used an income approach to 
value Icera’ s existing technology. Using this approach, we calc ulated the estimated fair value using expected futu re cash flows from specific 
products discounted to their net present values at an appropriate risk-adjusted rate of return.  
   
 
In-Process Technology  
   
In-process technology, or IPR&D, represents the fair v alues of incomplete Icera research and development projects that had not reached 
technological feasibility as of the date of acquisi tion. In the third quarter of fiscal 2013 we deemed  these projects to be complete and have estimated 
a definite life of five years, over which the techn ology will be amortized.  
   
The fair value of the IPR&D was determined using th e income approach. Under the income approach, the e xpected future cash flows from each 
project under development was estimated and discoun ted to their net present values at an appropriate r isk-adjusted rate of return. Significant factors 
considered in the calculation of the rate of return  were the weighted average cost of capital, the ret urn on assets, as well as the risks inherent in the  
development process, including the likelihood of ac hieving technological success and market acceptance . Each project was analyzed to determine 
the unique technological innovations, the existence  and reliance on core technology, the existence of any alternative future use or current 
technological feasibility, and the complexity, cost  and time to complete the remaining development. Fu ture cash flows for each project were 
estimated based on forecasted revenue and costs, ta king into account the expected product life cycles,  market penetration and growth rates.  
 
Customer Relationships  
   
Customer relationships represent the fair value of projected cash flows that will be derived from the sale of products to Icera’ s existing 
customers based on existing, in-process, and future  versions of the underlying technology.  
 
 
 
84  Intangible assets     Fair value     Weighted-average  
estimated useful lives  
      (In thousands)     (In years)  
Technology     $ 58,300     7.4  
In-process technology     $ 20,200     5.0  
Customer relationships     $ 18,200     6.8  Table of Contents  
NVIDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES  
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
(Continued)  
 
 
Note 7 - Goodwill  
   
The carrying amount of goodwill is as follows:  
   
The amount of goodwill allocated to our GPU and Teg ra Processor segments as of both January 27, 2013 a nd January 29, 2012 was $228.2 
million and $412.8 million , respectively. Please r efer to Note 17 of these Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statem ents for further discussion 
regarding segments.  
   
We allocate goodwill to our reporting units and per form our annual impairment test during the fourth q uarter of our fiscal year, or earlier if 
indicators of potential impairment exist.  For the purposes of completing our most recent impairment t est, we perform either a qualitative or a 
quantitative analysis on a reporting unit basis. We  completed our most recent annual impairment test d uring the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2013 
and concluded that there was no impairment.   
 
In a qualitative analysis, we evaluate factors incl uding, but not limited to, macro economic condition s, market and industry conditions, 
competitive environment, operational stability and the overall financial performance of the reporting units including cost factors and budgeted-to-
actual revenue results. In a quantitative analysis,  we consider both the income method and market meth od, where applicable, when determining the 
fair value of reporting units. Our goodwill impairm ent test uses a weighting primarily towards the inc ome method to estimate the reporting unit's 
fair value. The income method is based on a discoun ted future cash flow analysis while the market meth od is based on financial multiples of 
comparable companies and applies a control premium.   
 
The estimate of cash flow is based upon, among othe r things, certain assumptions about expected future  operating performance such as 
revenue growth rates and operating margins used to calculate projected future cash flows, risk- adjusted discount rates, future economic and market  
conditions. The market method of determining the fa ir value of our reporting unit requires us to use j udgment in the selection of appropriate market 
comparables.   
 
85     January 27,  
2013    January 29,  
2012  
   (In thousands)  
Icera  $ 271,186    $ 271,186  
PortalPlayer  104,896    104,896  
3dfx  75,326    75,326  
Mental Images  59,252    59,252  
MediaQ  35,167    35,167  
ULi  31,115    31,115  
Hybrid Graphics  27,906    27,906  
Ageia  19,198    19,198  
Other  16,984    16,984  
Total goodwill  $ 641,030    $ 641,030  Table of Contents  
NVIDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES  
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
(Continued)  
 
 
Note 8 - Amortizable Intangible Assets  
   
The components of our amortizable intangible assets  are as follows:  
 
Amortization expense associated with intangible ass ets for fiscal years 2013 , 2012 and 2011 was $68.4  million , $59.0 million and $30.0 
million , respectively. Amortization expense increa sed compared to the prior year primarily due to the  addition of a patent portfolio and from in-
process technology from the acquisition of Icera In c. that we deemed to be complete in the third quart er of fiscal year 2013, at which point we 
began to amortize it over its estimated useful life  of five years. Future amortization expense for the  net carrying amount of intangible assets at 
January 27, 2013 is estimated to be $68.4 million i n fiscal year 2014 , $68.3 million in fiscal year 2 015 , $59.7 million in fiscal year 2016 , $44.1 
million in fiscal year 2017 , $40.5 million in fisc al year 2018 and $31.3 million in fiscal years subs equent to fiscal year 2018 until fully amortized.  
 
    
Note 9 - Marketable Securities  
   
All of the cash equivalents and marketable securiti es are classified as “available-for-sale” securities. Investments in both fixed and floating rate 
interest earning instruments carry a degree of inte rest rate risk. Fixed rate debt securities may have  their market value adversely impacted due to a 
rise in interest rates, while floating rate securit ies may produce less income than expected if intere st rates fall. Due in part to these factors, our fu ture 
investment income may fall short of expectations du e to changes in interest rates or if the decline in  fair value of our publicly traded debt or equity 
investments is judged to be other-than- temporary. We may suffer losses in principal if we are forced to sell securities that decline in marke t value 
due to changes in interest rates. However, because any debt securities we hold are classified as “avai lable-for-sale,” no gains or losses are realized 
in our statement of income due to changes in intere st rates unless such securities are sold prior to m aturity or unless declines in market values are 
determined to be other-than- temporary.  These securities are reported at fair v alue with the related unrealized gains and losses i ncluded in 
accumulated other comprehensive income, a component  of stockholders’ equity, net of tax.  
   
 
86     January 27, 2013    January 29, 2012  
   Gross    
Carrying  
Amount    Accumulated  
Amortization    Net   
Carrying  
Amount    Weighted 
Average  
Useful Life    Gross    
Carrying  
Amount    Accumulated  
Amortization    Net   
Carrying  
Amount    Weighted 
Average 
Useful Life  
   (In thousands)    (In years)    (In thousands)    (In years)  
Acquisition-
related 
intangible assets  $ 172,039    $ (96,389 )   $ 75,650    6.9    $ 172,039    $ (79,261 )   $ 92,778    6.0  
Patents and 
licensed 
technology  407,002    (170,320 )   236,682    7.0    352,386    (119,028 )   233,358    7.3  
Total intangible 
assets  $ 579,041    $ (266,709 )   $ 312,332         $ 524,425    $ (198,289 )   $ 326,136       Table of Contents  
NVIDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES  
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
(Continued)  
 
 
The following is a summary of cash equivalents and marketable securities at January 27, 2013 and Janua ry 29, 2012 :  
  
   
    
 
87     January 27, 2013  
   Amortized  
Cost    Unrealized  
Gain    Unrealized  
Loss    Estimated  
Fair Value  
   (In thousands)  
Debt securities of United States government agencie s  $ 867,087    $ 1,199    $ (139 )   $ 868,147  
Corporate debt securities  1,255,297    3,175    (542 )   1,257,930  
Mortgage backed securities issued by United States government-
sponsored enterprises  183,034    6,194    (57 )   189,171  
Money market funds  195,790    —   —   195,790  
Debt securities issued by United States Treasury  785,228    1,102    (105 )   786,225  
Total  $ 3,286,436    $ 11,670    $ (843 )   $ 3,297,263  
Classified as:                    
Cash equivalents                 $ 302,166  
Marketable securities                 2,995,097  
Total                 $ 3,297,263  
   January 29, 2012  
   Amortized  
Cost    Unrealized  
Gain    Unrealized  
Loss    Estimated  
Fair Value  
   (In thousands)  
Debt securities of United States government agencie s  $ 769,300    $ 1,605    $ (151 )   $ 770,754  
Corporate debt securities  1,114,439    3,268    (260 )   1,117,447  
Mortgage backed securities issued by United States government-
sponsored enterprises  156,668    4,964    (73 )   161,559  
Money market funds  290,732    —   —   290,732  
Debt securities issued by United States Treasury  533,616    2,161    (3 )   535,774  
Total  $ 2,864,755    $ 11,998    $ (487 )   $ 2,876,266  
Classified as:                    
Cash equivalents                 $ 414,566  
Marketable securities                 2,461,700  
Total                 $ 2,876,266  Table of Contents  
NVIDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES  
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
(Continued)  
 
 
The following table provides the breakdown of the i nvestments with unrealized losses at January 27, 20 13 :  
   
   
We performed an impairment review of our investment  portfolio as of January 27, 2013 . Factors considered included general market 
conditions, the duration and extent to which fair v alue is below cost, and our intent and ability to h old an investment for a sufficient period of time 
to allow for recovery in value.  We also consider s pecific adverse conditions related to the financial  health of and business outlook for an investee, 
including industry and sector performance, changes in technology, operational and financing cash flow factors, and changes in an investee’ s credit 
rating. Investments that we identify as having an i ndicator of impairment are subject to further analy sis to determine if the investment was other 
than temporarily impaired. Based on our quarterly i mpairment review and having considered the guidance  in the relevant accounting literature, we 
did not record any other-than-temporary impairment charges during fiscal year 2013 .  We concluded that our investments were appropria tely 
valued and that no other than temporary impairment charges were necessary on our portfolio of availabl e for sale investments as of January 27, 
2013 .   
   
As of January 27, 2013 , we had  9 investments that  were in an unrealized loss position with total unr ealized losses amounting to $0.1 million 
and with a duration of less than one year. The gros s unrealized losses related to fixed income securit ies were due to changes in interest rates. We 
have determined that the gross unrealized losses on  investment securities at January 27, 2013 are temporary in nature. Currently, we have the int ent 
and ability to hold our investments with impairment  indicators until maturity.  
 
Net realized gains were $0.5 million , $0.4 million  and $1.5 million for fiscal years 2013, 2012, and 2011, respectively.  As of January 27, 
2013 , we had a net unrealized gain of $10.9 millio n , which was comprised of gross unrealized gains o f $11.7 million , offset by $0.8 million of 
gross unrealized losses.  As of January 29, 2012 , we had a net unrealized gain of $11.5 million , which was comprised of gross unrealized gains of 
$12.0 million , offset by $0.5 million of gross unr ealized losses.  
 
The amortized cost and estimated fair value of cash  equivalents and marketable securities which are pr imarily debt instruments are classified as 
available-for-sale at January 27, 2013 and January 29, 2012 and are shown below by contractual maturit y.  
 
 
 
88     Less than 12 months    12 months or greater    Total  
   Fair Value    Gross  
Unrealized  
Losses    Fair Value    Gross  
Unrealized  
Losses    Fair Value    Gross  
Unrealized  
Losses  
   (In thousands)  
Corporate debt securities  $ 563,842    $ (35 )   $ 694,088    $ (507 )   $ 1,257,930    $ (542 ) 
Mortgage backed securities issued by 
United States government- sponsored 
enterprises  5,912    —   183,259    (57 )   189,171    (57 ) 
Debt securities of United States Treasury  278,383    (15 )   507,842    (90 )   786,225    (105 ) 
Debt securities issued by United States 
government agencies  355,378    (23 )   512,769    (116 )   868,147    (139 ) 
Total  $ 1,203,515    $ (73 )   $ 1,897,958    $ (770 )   $ 3,101,473    $ (843 ) 
   January 27, 2013    January 29, 2012  
   Amortized  
Cost    Estimated  
Fair Value    Amortized  
Cost    Estimated  
Fair Value  
   (In thousands)  
Less than one year  $ 1,397,350    $ 1,399,304    $ 1,705,916    $ 1,708,154  
Due in 1 - 5 years  1,777,785    1,783,103    1,047,956    1,053,265  
Mortgage-backed securities issued by government- sponsored 
enterprises not due at a single maturity date  111,301    114,856    110,883    114,847  
Total  $ 3,286,436    $ 3,297,263    $ 2,864,755    $ 2,876,266  Table of Contents  
NVIDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES  
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
(Continued)  
 
 
Note 10 – Fair Value of Cash Equivalents and Market able Securities  
 
We measure our cash equivalents and marketable secu rities at fair value. The fair values of our financ ial assets and liabilities are determined 
using quoted market prices of identical assets or q uoted market prices of similar assets from active m arkets.  Our Level 1 assets consist of our 
money market funds. We classify securities within L evel 1 assets when the fair value is obtained from real time quotes for transactions in active 
exchange markets involving identical assets.  Our a vailable-for- sale securities are classified as having Level 2 in puts.  Our Level 2 assets are 
valued utilizing a market approach where the market  prices of similar assets are provided by a variety  of independent industry standard data 
providers to our investment custodian.  There were no significant transfers between Levels 1 and 2 ass ets for the year ended January 27, 
2013 . Level 3 assets are based on unobservable inputs t o the valuation methodology and include our own dat a about assumptions market 
participants would use in pricing the asset or liab ility based on the best information available under  the circumstances.  
  
Financial assets and liabilities measured at fair v alue are summarized below:  
 
   
Note 11 - Balance Sheet Components  
   
Certain balance sheet components are as follows:  
 
89          Fair Value Measurement at Reporting 
Date Using  
   
        Quoted Prices in 
Active Markets for 
Identical Assets    Significant Other 
Observable 
Inputs  
   January 27, 2013   (Level 1)    (Level 2)  
   (In thousands)  
Debt securities of United States government agencie s (1)  $ 868,147    $ —   $ 868,147  
Corporate debt securities (2)  1,257,930    —   1,257,930  
Mortgage backed securities issued by United States government- sponsored 
enterprises (3)  189,171    —   189,171  
Money market funds (4)  195,790    195,790    — 
Debt securities issued by United States Treasury (5 )  786,225    —   786,225  
Total assets  $ 3,297,263    $ 195,790    $ 3,101,473  
(1)  Included in Marketable Securities on the Consolidat ed Balance Sheet. 
(2)  Includes $ 98.6 million in Cash Equivalents an d $ 1,159.3 million in Marketable Securities on the Consolidated Balanc e Sheet. 
(3)  Included in Marketable Securities on the Consolidat ed Balance Sheet. 
(4)  Included in Cash Equivalents on the Consolidated Ba lance Sheet. 
(5)  Includes $ 7.7 million in Cash Equivalents and  $ 778.5 million in Marketable Securities on the Consolidated Balanc e Sheet. 
   January 27,  
2013    January 29,  
2012  
Inventories:  (In thousands)  
Raw materials  $ 164,324    $ 84,927  
Work in-process  67,628    62,934  
Finished goods  187,734    192,436  
     Total inventories  $ 419,686    $ 340,297  Table of Contents  
NVIDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES  
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
(Continued)  
 
 
 
(A) Land is a non-depreciable asset.  
(B) Leasehold improvements and capital leases are a mortized based on the lesser of either the asset’ s estimated useful life or the remaining lease 
term.  
(C) Construction in process represents assets that are not in service as of the balance sheet date.  
 
Depreciation expense for fiscal years 2013 , 2012 a nd 2011 was $157.6 million , $145.2 million and $15 7.0 million , respectively.  
   
 
(1) Represents long-term prepaid taxes related to i nter-company transactions that are deferred for accounti ng purposes and amortized over eight 
years.  
   
 
90     January 27,  
2013    January 29,  
2012    Estimated  
Useful Life  
   (In thousands)    (Years)  
Property and Equipment:               
Land  $ 218,496    $ 218,496    (A)  
Building  30,869    30,869    3-25  
Test equipment  349,530    299,506    3-5  
Software and licenses  245,734    211,339    3-5  
Leasehold improvements  159,413    143,986    (B)  
Computer equipment  174,712    168,455    3  
Office furniture and equipment  58,712    45,521    5  
Capital leases  27,231    27,264    (B)  
Construction in process  24,085    11,092    (C)  
Total property and equipment, gross  1,288,782    1,156,528       
Accumulated depreciation and amortization  (712,638 )   (596,456 )      
     Total property and equipment, net  $ 576,144    $ 560,072       
   January 27,  
2013    January 29,  
2012  
Prepaid Expenses and Other:  (In thousands)  
Prepaid maintenance  $ 18,013    $ 12,965  
Prepaid insurance  3,729    3,502  
Prepaid taxes  9,785    10,069  
Prepaid rent  2,909    3,410  
Other  35,265    19,465  
Total prepaid expenses and other  $ 69,701    $ 49,411  
   January 27,  
2013    January 29,  
2012  
Other Assets:  (In thousands)  
Prepaid taxes, long term (1)  $ 64,966    $ 68,805  
Prepaid maintenance, long term  10,241    15,175  
Lease deposits  10,674    8,027  
Investment in non-affiliates  10,030    10,382  
Deferred Income Taxes, long term  3,527    7,459  
Other  8,043    10,484  
Total other assets  $ 107,481    $ 120,332  Table of Contents  
NVIDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES  
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
(Continued)  
 
 
 
(1)  Please refer to Note 1 of these Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statem ents for discussion regarding the nature of accrued  customer 
programs and their accounting treatment related to our revenue recognition policies and estimates.  
(2)  Please refer to Note 12 of these Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for discussion re garding the warranty accrual.  
(3)  Please refer to  Note 13 of these Notes to the  Consolidated Financial Statements for discussion r egarding the 3dfx litigation.  
 
 
(1)  Please refer to Note 3 of these Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statem ents for discussion regarding our revenue recogniti on under this 
agreement.  
 
Note 12 - Guarantees  
   
U.S. GAAP requires that upon issuance of a guarante e, the guarantor must recognize a liability for the  fair value of the obligation it assumes 
under that guarantee. In addition, U.S. GAAP requir es disclosures about the guarantees that an entity has issued, including a tabular reconciliation 
of the changes of the entity’s product warranty lia bilities.  
   
Product Defect  
   
 Our products are complex and may contain defects o r experience failures due to any number of issues i n design, fabrication, packaging, 
materials and/or use within a system. If any of our  products or technologies contains a defect, compat ibility issue or other error, we may have to 
invest additional research and development efforts to find and correct the issue.  Such efforts could divert our management’s and engineers’
attention from the development of new products and technologies and could increase our operating costs  and reduce our gross margin. In addition, 
an error or defect in new products or releases or r elated software drivers after commencement of comme rcial shipments could result in failure to 
achieve market acceptance or loss of design wins. A lso, we may be required to reimburse customers, inc luding for customers’ costs to repair or 
replace the products in the field, which could caus e our revenue to decline. A product recall or a sig nificant number of product returns could be 
expensive, damage our reputation and could result i n the shifting of business to our competitors. Cost s associated with correcting defects, errors, 
bugs or other issues could be significant and could  materially harm our financial results.  
   
During the three year period ended January 30, 2011 , we recorded a cumulative net charge of $475.9 mil lion , most of which was charged 
against cost of revenue, to cover customer warranty , repair, return, replacement and other costs arisi ng from a weak die/packaging material set in 
certain versions of our previous generation MCP and  GPU products used in notebook configurations.    
 
91     January 27,  
2013    January 29,  
2012  
Accrued Liabilities:  (In thousands)  
Deferred revenue  $ 273,605    $ 270,649  
Accrued customer programs (1)  163,406    143,972  
Warranty accrual (2)  14,874    18,406  
Accrued payroll and related expenses  98,977    88,879  
Accrued legal settlement (3)  30,600    30,600  
Taxes payable, short- term  3,173    6,941  
Other  35,160    35,439  
Total accrued liabilities and other  $ 619,795    $ 594,886  
   January 27,  
2013    January 29, 
2012  
Other Long Term Liabilities:  (In thousands)  
Deferred income tax liability  $ 192,950    $ 133,288 
Income tax payable  115,267    63,007 
Asset retirement obligations  10,165    10,199 
Deferred revenue from Intel cross license agreement  (1)  236,152    200,370 
Other  34,787    48,943 
Total other long-term liabilities  $ 589,321    $ 455,807 Table of Contents  
NVIDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES  
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
(Continued)  
 
 
 
The previous generation MCP and GPU products that a re impacted were included in a number of notebook p roducts that were shipped and sold 
in significant quantities. Certain notebook configu rations of these products are failing in the field at higher than normal rates. Testing suggests a 
weak material set of die/package combination, syste m thermal management designs, and customer use patt erns are contributing factors for these 
failures. We have worked with our customers to deve lop and have made available for download a software  driver to cause the system fan to begin 
operation at the powering up of the system and redu ce the thermal stress on these chips. We have also recommended to our custom ers that they 
consider changing the thermal management of the pro ducts in their notebook system designs. We intend t o fully support our customers in their 
repair and replacement of these impacted products t hat fail, and their other efforts to mitigate the c onsequences of these failures. The weak 
die/packaging material combination is not used in a ny of our products that are currently in production .  
   
Accrual for estimated product returns and product w arranty liabilities  
 
We record a reduction to revenue for estimated prod uct returns at the time revenue is recognized prima rily based on historical return rates. Cost 
of revenue includes the estimated cost of product w arranties that are calculated at the point of reven ue recognition. Under limited circumstances, we 
may offer an extended limited warranty to customers  for certain products.  Additionally, we accrue for  known warranty and indemnification issues 
if a loss is probable and can be reasonably estimat ed. The estimated product returns and estimated pro duct warranty liabilities for fiscal years 2013 , 
2012 and 2011 are as follows:  
   
(1)  Includes $ 186.2 million for fiscal year 2011 for incremental repair and replacement costs from a  weak die/packaging material set.  
 
(2) Includes $ 3.0 million , $ 73.3 million and $ 1 49.8 million for fiscal years 2013 , 2012 and 2011 , respectively, in payments related to the 
warranty accrual associated with incremental repair  and replacement costs from a weak die/packaging ma terial set.  
 
In connection with certain agreements that we have executed in the past, we have at times provided ind emnities to cover the indemnified party 
for matters such as tax, product and employee liabi lities. We have also on occasion included intellect ual property indemnification provisions in our 
technology related agreements with third parties. M aximum potential future payments cannot be estimate d because many of these agreements do 
not have a maximum stated liability. As such, we ha ve not recorded any liability in our Consolidated F inancial Statements for such 
indemnifications.     
 
 
 Note 13 - Financial Arrangements, Commitments and Contingencies  
   
Inventory Purchase Obligations  
   
At January 27, 2013 and January 29, 2012 , we had o utstanding inventory purchase obligations totaling $470.3 million and $561.3 million , 
respectively.  
 
Capital Purchase Obligations  
   
At January 27, 2013 and January 29, 2012 , we had o utstanding capital purchase obligations totaling $4 4.8 million and $40.5 million , 
respectively.  
   
Lease Obligations  
 
Our headquarters complex is located in Santa Clara,  California and includes seven buildings that are l eased properties. The lease agreements 
for four of the seven leased properties expire in f iscal year 2020 and include two five-year renewals at our option;  
 
92     January 27,  
2013    January 29,  
2012    January 30,  
2011  
   (In thousands)  
Balance at beginning of period  $ 18,406    $ 107,896    $ 92,655  
Additions (1)  5,738    7,329    194,108  
Deductions (2)  (9,270 )   (96,819 )   (178,867 ) 
Balance at end of period   $ 14,874    $ 18,406    $ 107,896  Table of Contents  
NVIDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES  
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
(Continued)  
 
 
one leased property expires in fiscal year 2014 wit h no option to renew; one lease property expires in  fiscal year 2017 with one five year renewal at 
our option and the remaining leased building expire s in fiscal year 2015 with one seven year renewal a t our option.  Future minimum lease 
payments related to headquarter operating leases to tal $85.1 million over the remaining terms of the leases, including p redetermined rent 
escalations, and are included in the future minimum  lease payment schedule below.  
 
In addition to the commitment of our headquarters, we have other domestic and international office fac ilities under operating leases expiring 
through fiscal year 2025. Future minimum lease paym ents under our non-cancelable operating leases as o f January 27, 2013 , are as follows:     
   
Rent expense for the years ended January 27, 2013 ,  January 29, 2012 and January 30, 2011 was $38.4 mi llion , $37.9 million and $40.7 
million , respectively.  
 
Capital lease obligations include building and offi ce equipment lease obligations. The building lease relates to our data center in Santa Clara, 
California. Future minimum lease payments under the  building capital lease total $30.5 million over the remaining lease term, including 
predetermined rent escalations, and are included in  the future minimum lease payment schedule below: 
   
 
93     Future Minimum Lease 
Obligations  
   (In thousands)  
Fiscal Year:     
2014  $ 34,294  
2015  29,465  
2016  25,616  
2017  25,265  
2018  22,638  
2019 and thereafter  43,545  
Total  $ 180,823  
   Future Capital Lease 
Obligations  
   (In thousands)  
Fiscal Year:     
2014  $ 4,926  
2015  4,888  
2016  4,997  
2017  5,147  
2018  5,301  
2019 and thereafter  5,461  
Total  $ 30,720  
Present value of minimum lease payments  $ 21,406  
      
Current portion  $ 2,408  
Long term portion  $ 18,998  Table of Contents  
NVIDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES  
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
(Continued)  
 
 
Litigation  
   
3dfx  
On December 15, 2000, NVIDIA and one of our indirec t subsidiaries entered into an Asset Purchase Agree ment, or APA, to purchase certain 
graphics chip assets from 3dfx.  The transaction cl osed on April 18, 2001.  That acquisition, and 3dfx 's October 2002 bankruptcy filing, led to four 
lawsuits against NVIDIA: two brought by 3dfx's form er landlords, one by 3dfx's bankruptcy trustee and the fourth by a committee of 3dfx's equity 
security holders in the bankruptcy estate.  The two  landlord cases have been settled with payments fro m the landlords to NVIDIA, and the equity 
security holders' lawsuit was dismissed with prejud ice and no appeal was filed.  Accordingly, only the  bankruptcy trustee suit remains outstanding 
as more fully explained below.    
In March 2003, the Trustee appointed by the Bankrup tcy Court to represent 3dfx's bankruptcy estate ser ved a complaint on NVIDIA asserting 
claims for, among other things, successor liability  and fraudulent transfer and seeking additional pay ments from us.  The Trustee's fraudulent 
transfer theory alleged that NVIDIA had failed to p ay reasonably equivalent value for 3dfx's assets, a nd sought recovery of the difference between 
the $70.0 million paid and the alleged fair value, which the Trustee estimated to exceed $50.0 million  .  The Trustee's successor liability theory 
alleged NVIDIA was effectively 3dfx's legal success or and therefore was responsible for all of 3dfx's unpaid liabilities.     
On October 13, 2005, the Bankruptcy Court heard the  Trustee's motion for summary adjudication, and on December 23, 2005, denied that 
motion in all material respects and held that NVIDI A may not dispute that the value of the 3dfx transa ction was less than $108.0 million . The 
Bankruptcy Court denied the Trustee's request to fi nd that the value of the 3dfx assets conveyed to NV IDIA was at least $108.0 million.   
In early November 2005, after several months of med iation, NVIDIA and the Official Committee of Unsecu red Creditors, or the Creditors' 
Committee, agreed to a Plan of Liquidation of 3dfx,  which included a conditional settlement of the Tru stee's claims against us. This conditional 
settlement was subject to a confirmation process th rough a vote of creditors and the review and approv al of the Bankruptcy Court. The conditional 
settlement called for a payment by NVIDIA of approx imately $30.6 million to the 3dfx estate. Under the  settlement, $5.6 million related to various 
administrative expenses and Trustee fees, and $25.0  million related to the satisfaction of debts and liabilitie s owed to the general unsecured 
creditors of 3dfx. Accordingly, during the three mo nth period ended October 30, 2005, we recorded $5.6  million as a charge to settlement costs and 
$25.0 million as additional purchase price for 3dfx .  The Trustee advised that he intended to object t o the settlement. The conditional settlement 
never progressed substantially through the confirma tion process.  
On December 21, 2006, the Bankruptcy Court schedule d a trial for one portion of the Trustee's case aga inst NVIDIA. On January 2, 2007, 
NVIDIA terminated the settlement agreement on groun ds that the Bankruptcy Court had failed to proceed toward confirmation of the Creditors' 
Committee's plan. A non- jury trial began on March 21, 2007 on valuation iss ues in the Trustee's constructive fraudulent transf er claims against 
NVIDIA. Specifically, the Bankruptcy Court tried fo ur questions: (1) what did 3dfx transfer to NVIDIA in the APA; (2) of what was transferred, 
what qualifies as “property” subject to the Bankruptcy Court's avoidance powers under the Uniform Fraudulent Transfer Act and relev ant 
bankruptcy code provisions; (3) what is the fair ma rket value of the “property” identified in answer to question (2); and (4) was t he $70.0 million 
that NVIDIA paid “reasonably equivalent” to the fai r market value of that property. The parties comple ted post-trial briefing on May 25, 2007.  
On April 30, 2008, the Bankruptcy Court issued its Memorandum Decision After Trial, in which it provid ed a detailed summary of the trial 
proceedings and the parties' contentions and eviden ce and concluded that “the creditors of 3dfx were n ot injured by the Transaction.”  This decision 
did not entirely dispose of the Trustee's action, h owever, as the Trustee's claims for successor liabi lity and intentional fraudulent conveyance were 
still pending.  On June 19, 2008, NVIDIA filed a mo tion for summary judgment to convert the Memorandum  Decision After Trial to a final 
judgment.  That motion was granted in its entirety and judgment was entered in NVIDIA's favor on Septe mber 11, 2008.  The Trustee filed a Notice 
of Appeal from that judgment on September 22, 2008,  and on September 25, 2008, NVIDIA exercised its el ection to have the appeal heard by the 
United States District Court.      
The District Court's hearing on the Trustee's appea l was held on June 10, 2009. On December 20, 2010, the District Court issued an Order 
affirming the Bankruptcy Court's entry of summary j udgment in NVIDIA's favor. On January 19, 2011, the  Trustee filed a Notice of Appeal to the 
United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circui t. The appeal is currently pending.  
While the conditional settlement reached in Novembe r 2005 never progressed through the confirmation pr ocess, the Trustee's case still remains 
pending on appeal.  Accordingly, we have not revers ed the accrual of $30.6 million - $ 5.6 million as a charge to settlement costs and $25 .0 million 
as additional purchase price for 3dfx - that we recorded during the three months ended Octo ber 30, 2005, pending resolution of the appeal of t he 
Trustee's case.   
 
94  Table of Contents  
NVIDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES  
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
(Continued)  
 
 
Product Defect Litigation and Securities Cases  
Product Defect Litigation  
In September, October and November 2008, several pu tative consumer class action lawsuits were filed ag ainst us, asserting various claims 
arising from a weak die/packaging material set in c ertain versions of our previous generation products  used in notebook configurations.   On 
February 26, 2009, the various lawsuits were consol idated in the United States District Court for the Northern District of California, San Jose 
Division, under the caption “The NVIDIA GPU Litigat ion.” On March 2, 2009, several of the parties filed moti ons for appointment of lead counsel 
and briefs addressing certain related issues.  On A pril 10, 2009, the District Court appointed Milberg  LLP lead counsel.  On May 6, 2009, the 
plaintiffs filed an Amended Consolidated Complaint,  alleging claims for violations of California Busin ess and Professions Code Section 17200, 
Breach of Implied Warranty under California Civil C ode Section 1792, Breach of the Implied Warranty of  Merchantability under the laws of 27 
other states, Breach of Warranty under the Magnuson -Moss Warranty Act, Unjust Enrichment, violations of  the New Jersey Consumer Fraud Act, 
Strict Liability and Negligence, and violation of C alifornia's Consumer Legal Remedies Act.  
After extensive motion practice and litigation, pla intiffs on December 14, 2009 filed a Second Amended  Consolidated Complaint seeking 
unspecified damages and asserting claims for violat ions of California Business and Professions Code Se ction 17200, Breach of Implied Warranty 
under California Civil Code Section 1792, Breach of  Warranty under the Magnuson- Moss Warranty Act, violations of the New Jersey Con sumer 
Fraud Act, Strict Liability and Negligence, and vio lation of California's Consumer Legal Remedies Act.       
On July 16, 2010, the parties filed a stipulation w ith the District Court advising that, following med iation they had reached a settlement in 
principle in The NVIDIA GPU Litigation.  The settle ment in principle was subject to certain approvals,  including final approval by the court.  As a 
result of the settlement in principle, and the othe r estimated settlement, and offsetting insurance re imbursements, NVIDIA recorded a net charge of 
$12.7 million to sales, general and administrative expense during the second quarter of fiscal year 20 11.  In addition, a portion of the $181.2 million 
of additional charges we recorded against cost of r evenue related to the weak die/packaging set during  the second quarter of fiscal year 2011, relates 
to estimated additional repair and replacement cost s related to the implementation of these settlement s. On August 12, 2010, the parties executed a 
Stipulation and Agreement of Settlement and Release . On September 15, 2010, the Court issued an order granting preliminary approval of the 
settlement and providing for notice to the potentia l class members. The Final Approval Hearing was hel d on December 20, 2010, and on that same 
day the Court approved the settlement and entered F inal Judgment over several objections. In January 2 011, several objectors filed Notices of 
Appeal of the Final Judgment to the United States C ourt of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. The appeal i s currently pending.  
On July 22, 2011, a putative class action titled Gr anfield v. NVIDIA Corp. was filed in federal court in Massachusetts asserting claims for 
breach of implied warranties arising out of the wea k die/packaging material set, on behalf of a class of consumers alleged to not be covered by the 
settlement approved by the California court in The NVIDIA GPU Litigation.  On November 3, 2011 the act ion was transferred to the Northern 
District of California, San Francisco Division, bas ed upon stipulation of the parties.  On December 30 , 2011, Plaintiff filed a First Amended 
Complaint asserting claims for violation of Califor nia Consumers Legal Remedies Act and Unfair Competi tion Law.  On March 19, 2012, Plaintiff 
filed a Second Amended Complaint asserting claims f or California Consumers Legal Remedies Act and Unfa ir Competition Law violations, Breach 
of Implied Warranty, and violations of the Massachu setts consumer protection statutes. NVIDIA filed a motion to dismiss the Second Amended 
Complaint on April 12, 2012.  
On July 12, 2012, the District Court dismissed six of the seven asserted causes of action with prejudi ce, allowing only one cause of action for 
violation of the Massachusetts consumer protection statute to continue, and instructed Plaintiff to fi le an amended complaint consistent with its 
Order. On August 15, 2012, Plaintiff indicated that  he would not be filing an amended complaint. The G ranfield case is now over.  
 
95  Table of Contents  
NVIDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES  
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
(Continued)  
 
 
Securities Cases  
In September 2008, three putative securities class actions, or the Actions, were filed in the United S tates District Court for the Northern District 
of California arising out of our announcements on J uly 2, 2008, that we would take a charge against co st of revenue to cover anticipated costs and 
expenses arising from a weak die/packaging material  set in certain versions of our previous generation  MCP and GPU products and that we were 
revising financial guidance for our second quarter of fiscal year 2009. The Actions purport to be brou ght on behalf of purchasers of NVIDIA stock 
and assert claims for violations of Sections 10(b) and 20(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, a s amended, or the Securities Exchange Act. 
On October 30, 2008, the Actions were consolidated under the caption In re NVIDIA Corporation Securiti es Litigation, Civil Action No. 08-CV-
04260-JW (HRL). Lead Plaintiffs and Lead Plaintiffs ' Counsel were appointed on December 23, 2008. On F ebruary 6, 2009, co- Lead Plaintiff filed 
a Writ of Mandamus with the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals challenging the designation of co-Lead Plai ntiffs' Counsel. On February 19, 2009, co-
Lead Plaintiff filed with the District Court, a mot ion to stay the District Court proceedings pending resolution of the Writ of Mandamus by the 
Ninth Circuit. On February 24, 2009, Judge Ware gra nted the stay. On November 5, 2009, the Court of Ap peals issued an opinion reversing the 
District Court's appointment of one of the lead pla intiffs' counsel, and remanding the matter for furt her proceedings.   On December 8, 2009, the 
District Court appointed Milberg LLP and Kahn Swick  & Foti, LLC as co-lead counsel.    
On January 22, 2010, Plaintiffs filed a Consolidate d Amended Class Action Complaint for Violations of the Federal Securities Laws, asserting 
claims for violations of Section 10(b), Rule 10b- 5, and Section 20(a) of the Securities Exchange Act .  The consolidated complaint sought 
unspecified compensatory damages.  We filed a motio n to dismiss the consolidated complaint in March 20 10 and a hearing was held on June 24, 
2010 before Judge Seeborg. On October 19, 2010, Jud ge Seeborg granted our motion to dismiss with leave  to amend. On December 2, 2010, co-
Lead Plaintiffs filed a Second Consolidated Amended  Complaint.  We moved to dismiss the Second Consoli dated Amended Complaint on February 
14, 2011. Following oral argument, on October 12, 2 011, Judge Seeborg granted our motion to dismiss wi thout leave to amend, and on November 
8, 2011, Plaintiffs filed a Notice of Appeal to the  Ninth Circuit. The appeal has been fully briefed, but the Ninth Circuit has not yet set a hearing 
date.  
Accounting for Loss Contingencies  
While there can be no assurance of favorable outcom es, we believe the claims made by other parties in the above ongoing matters are without 
merit and we intend to vigorously defend the action s. With the exception of the 3dfx and product defec t litigation cases, we have not recorded any 
accrual for contingent liabilities associated with the legal proceedings described above based on our belief that liabilities, while possible, are not 
probable. Further, any possible range of loss in th ese matters cannot be reasonably estimated at this time. We are engaged in other legal actions not 
described above arising in the ordinary course of i ts business and, while there can be no assurance of  favorable outcomes, we believe that the 
ultimate outcome of these actions will not have a m aterial adverse effect on our operating results, li quidity or financial position.  
 
 
96  Table of Contents  
NVIDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES  
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
(Continued)  
 
 
Note 14 - Income Taxes  
   
The income tax expense applicable to income before income taxes consists of the following:  
   
Income before income taxes consists of the followin g:  
   
The income tax expense (benefit) differs from the a mount computed by applying the federal statutory in come tax rate of 35% to income (loss) 
before income taxes as follows:  
 
 
97     Year Ended  
   January 27,  
2013    January 29,  
2012    January 30,  
2011  
   (In thousands)  
Current income taxes:               
Federal  $ 7,506    $ 7,099    $ 141  
State  1,016    789    (511 ) 
Foreign  16,766    7,630    6,827  
Total current  25,288    15,518    6,457  
Deferred taxes:               
Federal  28,143    25,111    (3,063 ) 
State  —   —   — 
Foreign  3,717    (6,055 )   417  
Total deferred  31,860    19,056    (2,646 ) 
Charge in lieu of taxes attributable to employer st ock option plans  42,355    47,732    14,212  
Income tax expense  $ 99,503    $ 82,306    $ 18,023  
   Year Ended  
   January 27,  
2013    January 29,  
2012    January 30,  
2011  
   (In thousands)  
Domestic  $ 99,422    $ 120,768    $ 82,531  
Foreign  562,617    542,628    188,638  
Income before income tax  $ 662,039    $ 663,396    $ 271,169  
   Year Ended  
   January 27,  
2013    January 29,  
2012    January 30,  
2011  
   (In thousands)  
Tax expense computed at federal statutory rate  $ 231,714    $ 232,189    $ 94,909  
State income taxes, net of federal tax effect  1,048    2,302    (391 ) 
Foreign tax rate differential  (123,626 )   (142,071 )   (49,585 ) 
Research tax credit  (29,294 )   (24,270 )   (28,729 ) 
Stock-based compensation  11,876    10,983    1,668  
Other  7,785    3,173    151  
Income tax expense  $ 99,503    $ 82,306    $ 18,023  Table of Contents  
NVIDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES  
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
(Continued)  
 
 
The tax effect of temporary differences that gives rise to significant portions of the deferred tax as sets and liabilities are presented below:      
 
 We recognized income tax expense of $99.5 million , $82.3 million , and $18.0 million during fiscal years 2013, 2012 and 2011, respective ly. 
Income tax expense as a percentage of income before  taxes, or our annual effective tax rate, was 15.0%  in fiscal year 2013, 12.4% in fiscal year 
2012 and 6.7% in fiscal year 2011.  
   
Our effective tax rate on income or loss before tax  for the fiscal years was lower than the United Sta tes federal statutory rate of 35% due to 
income or loss earned in jurisdictions, including B ritish Virgin Islands, Hong Kong, China, Taiwan and  United Kingdom, where the tax rate is 
lower than the United States federal statutory tax rate of 35%, favorable recognition in these fiscal years of the U.S. federal research tax credit and 
the expiration of statutes of limitations in certai n non-U.S. jurisdictions for which we had not previ ously recognized related tax benefits.  
   
As of January 27, 2013 and January 29, 2012 we had a valuation allowance of $224.8 million and $212.3 million , respectively, related to state 
and certain foreign deferred tax assets that manage ment determined not likely to be realized due, in p art, to projections of future taxable income. To 
the extent realization of the deferred tax assets b ecomes more-likely-than- not, we would recognize such deferred tax asset as an income tax benefit 
during the period.  
   
Our deferred tax assets do not include the excess t ax benefit related to stock- based compensation that are a component of our fede ral and state 
net operating loss and research tax credit carryfor wards in the amount of $459.1 million as of January 27, 2013. Consistent with prior years , the 
excess tax benefit reflected in our net operating l oss and research tax credit carryforwards will be a ccounted for as a credit to stockholders' equity, i f 
and when realized.  In determining if and when exce ss tax benefits have been realized, we have elected  to utilize the with-and- without approach 
with respect to such excess tax benefits. We have a lso elected to ignore the indirect tax effects of s tock-based compensation deductions for financial 
and accounting reporting purposes, and specifically  to recognize the full effect of the research tax c redit in income from operations.  
   
 
98     January 27,  
2013    January 29,  
2012  
   (In thousands)  
Deferred tax assets:     
Net operating loss carryforwards  $ 84,156    $ 99,518  
Accruals and reserves, not currently deductible for  tax purposes  121,644    109,245  
Property, equipment and intangible assets  54,636    40,245  
Research and other tax credit carryforwards  271,933    232,001  
Stock-based compensation  34,187    38,177  
Gross deferred tax assets  566,556    519,186  
Less: valuation allowance  (224,774 )   (212,285 ) 
Total deferred tax assets  341,782    306,901  
Deferred tax liabilities:          
Acquired intangibles  (43,878 )   (53,120 ) 
Unremitted earnings of foreign subsidiaries  (383,591 )   (329,679 ) 
Gross deferred tax liabilities  $ (427,469 )   $ (382,799 ) 
Net deferred tax liability  $ (85,687 )   $ (75,898 ) Table of Contents  
NVIDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES  
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
(Continued)  
 
 
As of January 27, 2013, we had a federal net operat ing loss carryforward of $710.4 million , combined state net operating loss carryforwards o f 
$762.9 million , and combined foreign net operating  loss carryforwards of $370.4 million . The federal net operating loss carryforwards will  expire 
beginning in fiscal year 2022 and the state net ope rating loss carryforwards will begin to expire in f iscal year 2014 in accordance with the rules of 
each particular state.  Of the total foreign net op erating loss carryforwards of $370.4 million, inclu de $80.0 million attributable to Germany, $262.9 
million attributable to UK both of which may be car ried forward indefinitely, $22.7 million attributable to Canada and the remainder to other 
foreign jurisdictions that begin to expire in fisca l year 2014 . As of January 27, 2013, we had federa l research tax credit carryforwards of $351.0 
million that will begin to expire in fiscal year 20 18 .  We have other federal tax credit carryforward s of $1.5 million that will begin to expire in 
fiscal year 2014 . The research tax credit carryfor wards attributable to states is in the amount of $3 31.9 million , of which $321.5 million is 
attributable to the State of California and may be carried over indefinitely, and $10.4 million is attributable to various other states and will ex pire 
beginning in fiscal year 2014 according to the rule s of each particular state.  We have other state ta x credit carryforwards of $2.6 million that will 
expire in fiscal year 2026 and other foreign tax cr edit carryforwards of $7.9 million , of which $3.0 million may be refunded in fiscal year 2016 and 
$4.9 million in fiscal year 2017 if not utilized.  Our tax attri butes, net operating loss and tax credit carryforwa rds, remain subject to audit and may 
be adjusted for changes or modification in tax laws , other authoritative interpretations thereof, or o ther facts and circumstances.  Utilization of 
federal, state, and foreign net operating losses an d tax credit carryforwards may also be subject to l imitations due to ownership changes and other 
limitations provided by the Internal Revenue Code a nd similar state and foreign tax provisions. If any  such limitations apply, the federal, states, or 
foreign net operating loss and tax credit carryforw ards, as applicable, may expire or be denied before  utilization.  
     
As of January 27, 2013, United States federal and s tate income taxes have not been provided on approxi mately $1.68 billion of undistributed 
earnings of non- United States subsidiaries as such earnings are con sidered to be indefinitely reinvested.  We have not  provided the amount of 
unrecognized deferred tax liabilities for temporary  differences related to investments in our foreign subsidiaries as the determination of such 
amount is not practicable.   
   
We had a tax holiday in effect for its business ope rations in India which terminated in March 2011.  T his tax holiday provided for a lower rate 
of taxation on certain classes of income based on v arious thresholds of investment and employment in s uch jurisdiction. For fiscal year 2011, the 
tax savings of this holiday was approximately $1.3 million with no material per-share impact.  
   
As of January 27, 2013, we had $220.5 million of gr oss unrecognized tax benefits, of which $200.9 mill ion would affect our effective tax rate 
if recognized.  However, included in the unrecogniz ed tax benefits that would affect our effective tax  rate if recognized of $200.9 million is $35.5 
million and $0.2 million related to state and foreign income tax, respective ly, that, if recognized, would be in the form of a carryforward deferred 
tax asset that would likely attract a full valuatio n allowance. The $200.9 million of unrecognized tax  benefits as of January 27, 2013 consists of 
$104.0 million recorded in non-current income taxes  payable and $96.9 million reflected as a reduction  to the related deferred tax assets.  
 
A reconciliation of gross unrecognized tax benefits  is as follows:  
 
We classify an unrecognized tax benefit as a curren t liability, or as a reduction of the amount of a n et operating loss carryforward or amount 
refundable, to the extent that we anticipate paymen t or receipt of cash for income taxes within one ye ar.  Likewise, the amount is classified as a 
long-term liability if we anticipate payment or rec eipt of cash for income taxes during a period beyon d a year.     
   
 
99     January 27,  
2013    January 29,  
2012    January 30,  
2011  
   (In thousands)  
Balance at beginning of period  $ 138,262    $ 121,034    $ 109,765  
Increases in tax positions for prior years  18,800    385    — 
Decreases in tax positions for prior years  (304 )   (293 )   (3,585 ) 
Increases in tax positions for current year  67,764    22,181    18,628  
Settlements  —   —   (358 ) 
Lapse in statute of limitations  (3,979 )   (5,045 )   (3,416 ) 
Balance at end of period  $ 220,543    $ 138,262    $ 121,034  Table of Contents  
NVIDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES  
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
(Continued)  
 
 
Our policy is to include interest and penalties rel ated to unrecognized tax benefits as a component of  income tax expense.  As of January 27, 
2013, January 29, 2012, and January 30, 2011, we ha d accrued $11.3 million , $9.5 million , and $11.2 million , respectively, for the payment of 
interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits, which is not included as a component of o ur unrecognized tax benefits. As of January 27, 
2013, non-current income taxes payable of $115.3 mi llion consists of unrecognized tax benefits of $104 .0 million , reduced by the associated 
federal deduction for state taxes, and the related interest and penalties of $11.3 million .  
 
 While we believe that we have adequately provided for all tax positions, amounts asserted by tax auth orities could be greater or less than our 
accrued position. Accordingly, our provisions on fe deral, state and foreign tax- related matters to be recorded in the future may ch ange as revised 
estimates are made or the underlying matters are se ttled or otherwise resolved. As of January 27, 2013 , we do not believe that our estimates, as 
otherwise provided for, on such tax positions will significantly increase or decrease within the next twelve months.   
 
We are subject to taxation by a number of taxing au thorities both in the United States and throughout the world. As of January 27, 2013, the 
material tax jurisdictions that may be subject to e xamination include the United States, Taiwan, Canad a, China, Germany, Hong Kong, France, UK, 
and India for fiscal years 2003 through 2012. As of  January 27, 2013, the material tax jurisdictions f or which we are currently under examination 
include India, Germany and Taiwan for fiscal years 2003 through 2011.  
 
Note 15 - Stockholders’ Equity  
   
Stock Repurchase Program  
   
In fiscal year 2007, our Board of Directors authori zed us, subject to certain specifications, to repur chase shares of our common stock up to an 
aggregate maximum amount of $2.7 billion through May 2013.  In October 2012, the Board exten ded the program through December 2014. The 
repurchases will be made from time to time in the o pen market, in privately negotiated transactions, o r in structured stock repurchase programs, and 
may be made in one or more larger repurchases, in c ompliance with Rule 10b- 18 of the Exchange Act, subject to market condition s, applicable 
legal requirements, and other factors. The program does not obligate NVIDIA to acquire any particular amount of common stock and the program 
may be suspended at any time at our discretion. As part of our share repurchase program, we have enter ed into, and we may continue to enter into, 
structured share repurchase transactions with finan cial institutions. These agreements generally requi re that we make an up- front payment in 
exchange for the right to receive a fixed number of  shares of our common stock upon execution of the a greement, and a potential incremental 
number of shares of our common stock, within a pre- determined range, at the end of the term of the agr eement.  
    
Through January 27, 2013, we have repurchased an ag gregate of 99.3 million shares under our stock repurchase program for a tot al cost of 
$1.56 billion .  As of January 27, 2013, we are aut horized, subject to certain specifications, to repu rchase shares of our common stock up to $1.14 
billion through December 2014.   
 
In addition to our Board authorized stock repurchas es, we withhold common stock shares associated with  net share settlements to cover tax 
withholding obligations upon the vesting of RSU awa rds under our equity incentive program.  During the  fiscal year 2013, we withheld 
approximately $1.8 million shares at a total cost o f  $25.8 million through net share settlements. Please refer to Note  2 of these Notes to the 
Consolidated Financial Statements for further infor mation regarding stock- based compensation related to equity awards granted  under our equity 
incentive programs.  
   
Convertible Preferred Stock  
   
As of January 27, 2013 and January 29, 2012 , there  were no shares of preferred stock outstanding.  
 
 
Note 16 - Employee Retirement Plans  
   
We have a 401(k) Retirement Plan covering substanti ally all of our United States employees. Under the Plan, participating employees may 
defer up to 100% of their pre- tax earnings, subject to the Internal Revenue Servi ce annual contribution limits. Effective January 20 13, we began 
matching a portion of the employee contributions. O ur contribution expense in fiscal year 2013 was not  material.  Some of our non- U.S. 
subsidiaries have defined benefit and defined contr ibutions plans as required by local statutory requi rements.  Our costs under these plans have not 
been material.  
 
 
 
100  Table of Contents  
NVIDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES  
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
(Continued)  
 
 
Note 17 - Segment Information  
   
Our Chief Executive Officer, who is considered to b e our chief operating decision maker, or CODM, revi ews financial information presented 
on an operating segment basis for purposes of makin g operating decisions and assessing financial perfo rmance. Our operating segments are 
equivalent to our reportable segments. During the l ast several years, we have operated and reported th ree reporting segments to our CODM: the 
GPU business, the Professional Solutions business, and the Consumer Products business. However, during  the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2013, we 
began reporting two segments to reflect the way we are now managing our businesses internally which is  based on whether the underlying products 
leverage our GPU or our Tegra Processor technologie s. Comparative periods presented reflect this chang e.  
 
Our GPU business leverages our GPU technology acros s multiple end markets. It now comprises of four pr imary product lines, including 
GeForce for desktop and notebook PCs and Macs; Quad ro for professional workstations; Tesla for high- performance servers and workstations; and 
NVIDIA GRID for server graphics solutions. It also includes other related products, licenses and reven ue supporting the GPU business, such as 
memory products. Our Tegra Processor business compr ises product lines primarily based on our Tegra SOC  and modem processor technologies. 
This includes Tegra for smartphones and tablets for  both Android and Windows RT- based devices; automotive computers, including info tainment 
and navigation systems; and gaming devices such as Project SHIELD. It also includes other related prod ucts, licenses, and revenue supporting the 
Tegra Processor business such as Icera baseband pro cessors and RF transceivers, embedded products, and  licenses and other revenue associated 
with game consoles.      
In addition to the two reporting segments discussed  above, the “All Other” category represents unallocated revenue and expense s which 
primarily includes licensing revenue from our paten t cross licensing agreement with Intel. Revenue rel ated to this agreement is recognized ratably 
over the term of our agreement and is not actively managed. This category also includes corporate oper ating expenses that we do not allocate to our 
other reporting segments as such expenses are not d irectly related to the function or operations of ou r reporting segments. These expenses include 
certain corporate infrastructure and support costs that are deemed to be enterprise in nature. Additio nally, we do not allocate stock- based 
compensation, amortization of acquisition-related i ntangible assets, other acquisition- related costs, net warranty charge related to a wea k 
die/packaging material set, and non-recurring charg es and benefits. The table below presents details o f our reportable segments and the “All Other”
category.  
Our CODM does not review any information regarding total assets on a reporting segment basis. Reportin g segments do not record 
intersegment revenue, and, accordingly, there is no ne to be reported. The accounting policies for segm ent reporting are the same as for NVIDIA as 
a whole.  
 
 
101     GPU    Tegra Processor    All Other    Consolidated  
   (In thousands)  
Year Ended January 27, 2013:                    
Revenue  $ 3,251,712    $ 764,447    $ 264,000    $ 4,280,159  
Depreciation and amortization expense  $ 127,698    $ 56,105    $ 42,432    $ 226,235  
Operating income (loss)  $ 884,767    $ (157,923 )   $ (78,605 )   $ 648,239  
Year Ended January 29, 2012:                    
Revenue  $ 3,186,764    $ 591,166    $ 220,000    $ 3,997,930  
Depreciation and amortization expense  $ 122,417    $ 42,365    $ 39,423    $ 204,205  
Operating income (loss)  $ 821,640    $ (60,417 )   $ (112,924 )   $ 648,299  
Year Ended January 30, 2011:                    
Revenue  $ 3,345,696    $ 197,613    $ —   $ 3,543,309  
Depreciation and amortization expense  $ 152,094    $ 19,081    $ 15,814    $ 186,989  
Operating income (loss)  $ 680,761    $ (49,238 )   $ (375,776 )   $ 255,747  Table of Contents  
NVIDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES  
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
(Continued)  
 
 
Revenue by geographic region is allocated to indivi dual countries based on the location to which the p roducts are initially billed even if our 
customers’ revenue is attributable to end customers that are l ocated in a different location. The following table s summarize information pertaining 
to our revenue from customers based on invoicing ad dress in different geographic regions:   
  
The following table presents summarized information  for long-lived assets by geographic region. Long l ived assets consist of property and 
equipment and deposits and other assets and exclude  goodwill and intangible assets.  
   
 
102       Year Ended  
     January 27,  
2013    January 29,  
2012    January 30,  
2011  
     (In thousands)  
Reconciling items included in "All Other" category :            
Revenue not allocated to reporting segments    $ 264,000    $ 220,000    $ — 
Unallocated corporate operating expenses and other expenses    (149,678 )   (151,798 )   (129,341 ) 
Stock-based compensation    (136,662 )   (136,354 )   (100,353 ) 
Amortization of acquisition-related intangibles    (17,134 )   (17,190 )   (9,182 ) 
Other acquisition-related costs    (19,004 )   (20,282 )   — 
Net warranty charge related to a weak die/packaging  material set    —   —   (193,900 ) 
Other non-recurring expenses and benefits    (20,127 )   (7,300 )   57,000  
Total    $ (78,605 )   $ (112,924 )   $ (375,776 ) 
              
   Year Ended  
   January 27,  
2013    January 29,  
2012    January 30,  
2011  
Revenue:  (In thousands)  
China  $ 780,493    $ 941,811    $ 1,223,199  
Taiwan  1,356,838    1,137,175    936,797  
Other Asia Pacific  783,573    730,975    519,473  
Europe  263,488    296,591    261,421  
United States  799,430    596,264    297,265  
Other Americas  296,337    295,114    305,154  
Total revenue  $ 4,280,159    $ 3,997,930    $ 3,543,309  
   January 27,  
2013    January 29,  
2012  
Long-lived assets:  (In thousands)  
United States  $ 542,669    $ 563,699  
Taiwan  45,868    40,199  
China  34,644    27,360  
India  31,312    30,598  
Europe  28,190    17,737  
Other Asia Pacific  941    811  
Total long-lived assets  $ 683,624    $ 680,404  Table of Contents  
NVIDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES  
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
(Continued)  
 
 
Revenue from significant customers, those represent ing 10% or more of total revenue for the respective  dates, is summarized as follows:  
 
Accounts receivable from significant customers, tho se representing 10% or more of total accounts recei vable for the respective periods, is 
summarized as follows:   
 
 
Note 18- Quarterly Summary (Unaudited)  
   
The following table sets forth our unaudited consol idated financial results, for the last eight fiscal  quarters:  
 
 
103     Year Ended  
   January 27,  
2013    January 29,  
2012    January 30,  
2011  
Revenue:               
Customer A  13 %   11 %   — 
Customer B  —   —   12 % 
   January 27,  
2013    January 29,  
2012  
Accounts Receivable:          
Customer A  20 %   20 % 
Customer B  10 %   — 
Customer C  10 %   — 
   Fiscal Year 2013  
Quarters Ended  
   January 27,  
2013    October 28,  
2012    July 29,  
2012 (A)    April 29,  
2012  
   (In thousands, except per share data)  
Statement of Income Data:                    
Revenue  $ 1,106,902    $ 1,204,110    $ 1,044,270    $ 924,877  
Cost of revenue  $ 521,300    $ 567,452    $ 503,551    $ 461,513  
Gross profit  $ 585,602    $ 636,658    $ 540,719    $ 463,364  
Net income  $ 173,973    $ 209,080    $ 119,046    $ 60,437  
Basic net income per share  $ 0.28    $ 0.34    $ 0.19    $ 0.10  
Diluted net income per share  $ 0.28    $ 0.33    $ 0.19    $ 0.10  
   Fiscal Year 2012  
Quarters Ended  
   January 29,  
2012 (B)    October 30,  
 2011    July 31,  
2011    May 1,  
2011  
   (In thousands, except per share data)  
Statement of Income Data:                    
Revenue  $ 953,194    $ 1,066,180    $ 1,016,517    $ 962,039  
Cost of revenue  $ 463,181    $ 509,463    $ 491,233    $ 477,536  
Gross profit  $ 490,013    $ 556,717    $ 525,284    $ 484,503  
Net income  $ 116,025    $ 178,273    $ 151,573    $ 135,219  
Basic net income per share  $ 0.19    $ 0.29    $ 0.25    $ 0.23  
Diluted net income per share  $ 0.19    $ 0.29    $ 0.25    $ 0.22  Table of Contents  
NVIDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES  
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
(Continued)  
 
 
 
 
 
 
104  (A)  Includes net present value of a $25 million charitable contribution pledged on June 12, 2012 to  Stanford Hospital and Clinic, payable over 
a ten year period.  
(B)  Includes an additional charge of $7.3 million associated with the fair value prescribed to the se ttlement between us and Rambus. On 
February 7, 2012, we entered into a licensing agree ment with Rambus and both parties also agreed to se ttle all outstanding legal disputes.  Table of Contents  
 
NVIDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES  
SCHEDULE II – VALUATION AND QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS  
  
   
(1)  Allowances for doubtful accounts are charged t o expenses.  
 
(2) Represents allowance for sales returns estimate d at the time revenue is recognized primarily based  on historical return rates and is charged as a 
reduction to revenue.  
 
(3)  Represents change in valuation allowance prima rily related to state deferred tax assets that mana gement has determined not likely to be realized 
due, in part, to projections of future taxable inco me of the respective jurisdictions.  
 
(4)  Represents uncollectible accounts written off against the allowance for doubtful accounts.  
 
(5) Represents allowance for sales returns written off.  
 
 
105  Description  Balance at  
Beginning  
of Period    Additions     Deductions     Balance at  
End of Period  
   (In thousands)  
Year ended January 27, 2013                      
Allowance for doubtful accounts  $ 973    $ 1,216  (1)  $ (385 ) (4)  $ 1,804  
Sales return allowance  $ 13,881    $ 17,627  (2)  $ (16,718 ) (5)  $ 14,790  
Deferred tax valuation allowance  $ 212,285    $ 12,489  (3)  $ —    $ 224,774  
Year ended January 29, 2012                      
Allowance for doubtful accounts  $ 789    $ 449  (1)  $ (265 ) (4)  $ 973  
Sales return allowance  $ 15,049    $ 25,331  (2)  $ (26,499 ) (5)  $ 13,881  
Deferred tax valuation allowance  $ 148,016    $ 64,269  (3)  $ —    $ 212,285  
Year ended January 30, 2011                      
Allowance for doubtful accounts  $ 961    $ 875  (1)  $ (1,047 ) (4)  $ 789  
Sales return allowance  $ 15,369    $ 26,517  (2)  $ (26,837 ) (5)  $ 15,049  
Deferred tax valuation allowance  $ 113,442    $ 34,574  (3)  $ —    $ 148,016  Table of Contents  
 
EXHIBIT INDEX  
 
 
106            Incorporated by Reference          
Exhibit 
No.    Exhibit Description    Schedule/Form   File Number    Exhibit    Filing Date  
2.1  
  Agreement and Plan of Merger by and among NVIDIA 
Corporation, Partridge Acquisition, Inc. and Portal Player, 
Inc. dated 11/6/06  
     8-K  
  0-23985  
  2.1  
  11/9/2006  
3.1  
  Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation  
     S-8  
  333-74905  
  4.1  
  3/23/1999  
3.2  
  Certificate of Amendment of Amended and Restated 
Certificate of Incorporation  
     10-Q  
  0-23985  
  3.1  
  8/21/2008  
3.3  
  Certificate of Amendment of Amended and Restated 
Certificate of Incorporation    8-K  
  0-23985  
  3.1  
  5/24/2011  
3.4  
  Bylaws of NVIDIA Corporation, Amended and Restated 
as of May 23, 2011    8-K  
  0-23985  
  3.2  
  5/24/2011  
4.1    Reference is made to Exhibits 3.1, 3.2, 3.3 and 3.4                       
4.2  
  Specimen Stock Certificate  
     S-1/A  
  333-47495  
  4.2  
  4/24/1998  
10.1  
  Form of Indemnity Agreement between NVIDIA 
Corporation and each of its directors and officers  
     8-K  
  0-23985  
  10.1  
  3/7/2006  
10.2+  
  1998 Equity Incentive Plan, as amended  
     8-K  
  0-23985  
  10.2  
  3/13/2006  
10.3+  
  1998 Equity Incentive Plan ISO, as amended  
     10-Q  
  0-23985  
  10.5  
  11/22/2004  
10.4+  
  1998 Equity Incentive Plan NSO, as amended  
     10-Q  
  0-23985  
  10.6  
  11/22/2004  
10.5+  
  Certificate of Stock Option Grant  
     10-Q  
  0-23985  
  10.7  
  11/22/2004  
10.6+  
  1998 Non- Employee Directors' Stock Option Plan, as 
amended  
     8-K  
  0-23985  
  10.1  
  4/3/2006  
10.7+  
  1998 Non- Employee Directors' Stock Option Plan (Annual 
Grant - Board Service), as amended  
     10-Q  
  0-23985  
  10.1  
  11/22/2004  
10.8+  
  1998 Non- Employee Directors' Stock Option Plan 
(Committee Grant - Committee Service), as amended  
     10-Q  
  0-23985  
  10.2  
  11/22/2004  
10.9+  
  1998 Non- Employee Directors' Stock Option Plan (Initial 
Grant)  
     10-Q  
  0-23985  
  10.3  
  11/22/2004  
10.10+  
  1998 Employee Stock Purchase Plan, as amended and 
restated  
     10-Q  
  0-23985  
  10.2  
  5/22/2008  
10.11+  
  2000 Nonstatutory Equity Incentive Plan, as amended   
     SC TO-1  
  005-56649  
  99(d)(1)(A)  
  11/29/2006  
10.12+  
  2000 Nonstatutory Equity Incentive Plan NSO  
     SC TO-1  
  005-56649  
  99.1(d)(1) 
(B)    11/29/2006  Table of Contents  
 
 
107  10.13+  
  PortalPlayer, Inc. 1999 Stock Option Plan and Form of 
Agreements thereunder  
     S-8  
  333-140021  
  99.1  
  1/16/2007  
10.14+  
  PortalPlayer, Inc. Amended and Restated 2004 Stock 
Incentive Plan  
     S-8  
  333-140021  
  99.2  
  1/16/2007  
10.15+  
  Amended and Restated 2007 Equity Incentive Plan  
     10-Q  
  0-23985  
  10.5  
  5/23/2012  
10.16+  
  2007 Equity Incentive Plan - Non Statutory Stock Op tion 
(Annual Grant - Board Service (2007))    10-Q  
  0-23985  
  10.2  
  8/22/2007  
10.17+  
  2007 Equity Incentive Plan - Non Statutory Stock Op tion 
(Annual Grant - Committee Service (2007))    10-Q  
  0-23985  
  10.3  
  8/22/2007  
10.18+  
  2007 Equity Incentive Plan - Non Statutory Stock Op tion 
(Initial Grant - Board Service (2007))    10-Q  
  0-23985  
  10.4  
  8/22/2007  
10.19+  
  2007 Equity Incentive Plan - Non-Statutory Stock Op tion 
(Annual Grant - Board Service (2009))    10-Q  
  0-23985  
  10.1  
  8/20/2009  
10.20+  
  2007 Equity Incentive Plan - Non-Statutory Stock Op tion 
(Annual Grant - Board Service (2011))    10-Q  
  0-23985  
  10.41  
  5/27/2011  
10.21+  
  2007 Equity Incentive Plan - Non-Statutory Stock Op tion 
(Initial Grant - Board Service (2011))    8-K  
  0-23985  
  10.1  
  12/14/2011  
10.22+  
  Amended and Restated 2007 Equity Incentive Plan - N on-
Employee Director Stock Option Grant (2012 Annual 
Board Retainer)    10-Q  
  0-23985  
  10.4  
  5/23/2012  
10.23+    2007 Equity Incentive Plan - Non Statutory Stock Op tion     8-K    0-23985    10.2    9/13/2010  
10.24+  
  2007 Equity Incentive Plan - Incentive Stock Option   
     8-K  
  0-23985  
  10.21  
  9/13/2010  
10.25+  
  Amended and Restated 2007 Equity Incentive Plan - N on 
Statutory Stock Option    10-Q  
  0-23985  
  10.1  
  8/22/2012  
10.26+  
  Amended and Restated 2007 Equity Incentive Plan - 
Incentive Stock Option    10-Q  
  0-23985  
  10.2  
  8/22/2012  
10.27+  
  2007 Equity Incentive Plan -  Restricted Stock Unit Grant 
Notice and Restricted Stock Unit Purchase Agreement   
     10-Q  
  0-23985  
  10.22  
  12/7/2010  
10.28+  
  Amended and Restated 2007 Equity Incentive Plan - 
Restricted Stock Unit Grant Notice and Restricted S tock 
Unit Purchase Agreement    10-Q  
  0-23985  
  10.3  
  8/22/2012  
10.29+  
  Amended and Restated 2007 Equity Incentive Plan - N on-
Employee Director Restricted Stock Unit (without de ferral 
option)    10-Q  
  0-23985  
  10.2  
  5/23/2012  
10.30+  
  Amended and Restated 2007 Equity Incentive Plan - N on-
Employee Director Restricted Stock Unit (with defer ral 
option)    10-Q  
  0-23985  
  10.3  
  5/23/2012  
10.31+    2012 Employee Stock Purchase Plan    10-Q    0-23985    10.6    5/23/2012  
10.32+  
  Fiscal Year 2013 Variable Compensation Plan  
     8-K  
  0-23985  
  10.1  
  3/28/2012  
10.33+  
  Fiscal Year 2012 Variable Compensation Plan  
     8-K  
  0-23985  
  10.1  
  3/25/2011  
10.34  
  Lease dated April 4, 2000 between NVIDIA Corporatio n 
and Sobrato Interests III for Building A  
     S-3/A  
    333-33560  
  10.1  
  4/20/2000  
10.35  
  Lease dated April 4, 2000 between NVIDIA Corporatio n 
and Sobrato Interests III for Building B  
     S-3/A  
    333-33560  
  10.2  
  4/20/2000  Table of Contents  
 
*  Filed herewith.  
 
+  Management contract or compensatory plan or arra ngement.  
 
 
108  10.36  
  Lease dated April 4, 2000 between NVIDIA Corporatio n 
and Sobrato Interests III for Building C  
     S-3/A  
    333-33560  
  10.3  
  4/20/2000  
10.37  
  Lease dated April 4, 2000 between NVIDIA Corporatio n 
and Sobrato Interests III for Building D  
     S-3/A  
    333-33560  
  10.4  
  4/20/2000  
10.38  
  Memory Controller Patent License Agreement Between 
Rambus Inc. and NVIDIA Corporation, dated August 12 , 
2010    10-Q  
     0-23985  
  10.32  
  12/7/2010  
10.39  
  Second Amendment to Lease, dated August 18, 2010 
between NVIDIA Corporation and Sobrato Interests II I for 
Building A    10-Q  
     0-23985  
  10.33  
  12/7/2010  
10.40  
  Third Amendment to Lease, dated August 18, 2010, 
between NVIDIA Corporation and Sobrato Interests II I for 
Building B    10-Q  
     0-23985  
  10.34  
  12/7/2010  
10.41  
   
  Third Amendment to Lease, dated August 18, 2010, 
between NVIDIA Corporation and Sobrato Interests II I for 
Building C    10-Q  
     0-23985  
  10.35  
  12/7/2010  
10.42  
  Second Amendment to Lease, dated August 18, 2010, 
between NVIDIA Corporation and Sobrato Interests II I for 
Building D  
     10-Q  
     0-23985  
  10.36  
  12/7/2010  
10.43  
  Patent Cross License Agreement dated as of January 10, 
2011, between NVIDIA Corporation and Intel Corporat ion  
     8-K  
   
    0-23985  
   
  10.1  
  1/10/2011  
21.1*  
  List of Registrant's Subsidiaries  
      
23.1*  
  Consent of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP  
      
24.1*  
  Power of Attorney (included in signature page)  
      
31.1*  
  Certification of Chief Executive Officer as require d by Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934  
   
31.2*  
  Certification of Chief Financial Officer as require d by Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934  
   
32.1#*  
  Certification of Chief Executive Officer as require d by Rule 13a-14(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934  
   
32.2#*  
     Certification of Chief Financial Officer as require d by Rule 13a-14(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934  
101.INS*  
   XBRL Instance Document  
      
101.SCH*     XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document  
      
101.CAL*  
   XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Docum ent  
      
101.DEF*  
   XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Docume nt  
      
101.LAB*  
   XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase Document  
      
101.PRE*    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Docum ent     Table of Contents  
 
#  In accordance with Item 601(b)(32)(ii) of Regula tion S-K and SEC Release Nos. 33-8238 and 34- 47986, Final Rule: Management's Reports on 
Internal Control Over Financial Reporting and Certi fication of Disclosure in Exchange Act Periodic Rep orts, the certifications furnished in Exhibits 
32.1 and 32.2 hereto are deemed to accompany this Q uarterly Report on Form 10-Q and will not be deemed  “filed” for purpose of Section 18 of the 
Exchange Act. Such certifications will not be deeme d to be incorporated by reference into any filing u nder the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, 
except to the extent that the registrant specifical ly incorporates it by reference.  
 
Copies of above exhibits not contained herein are a vailable to any stockholder upon written request to :  
Investor Relations: NVIDIA Corporation, 2701 San To mas Expressway, Santa Clara, CA 95050   
 
 
109  Table of Contents  
 
SIGNATURES  
   
    Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 1 5(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Re gistrant has duly caused this report to 
be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereun to duly authorized, on March 12, 2013 .  
   
   
POWER OF ATTORNEY  
   
KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each perso n whose signature appears below constitutes and app oints Jen-
Hsun Huang and Karen Burns, and each or any one of them, his true and lawful attorney-in- fact and agent, with full power of substitution 
and resubstitution, for him and in his name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign any a nd all amendments (including posting 
effective amendments) to this report, and to file t he same, with all exhibits thereto, and other docum ents in connection therewith, with the 
Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto s aid attorneys-in- facts and agents, and each of them, full power and authority to do 
and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in connection therewith, a s fully to all intents and purposes as 
he might or could do in person, hereby ratifying an d confirming all that said attorneys-in- fact and agents, or any of them, or their or his 
substitutes or substitutes, may lawfully do or caus e to be done by virtue hereof.  
   
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exch ange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below  by the following persons on 
behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.  
 
   
 
110  NVIDIA Corporation  
By:  /s/  Jen-Hsun Huang   
   Jen-Hsun Huang  
   President and Chief Executive Officer  Table of Contents  
 
 
111  Signature  Title  Date  
/s/ JEN-HSUN HUANG   President, Chief Executive Off icer and Director  
(Principal Executive Officer)  March 12, 2013  
Jen-Hsun Huang  
         
/s/ KAREN BURNS   
   Vice President and Interim Chief Financial Officer  
(Principal Financial Officer)  March 12, 2013  
Karen Burns         
/s/ MICHAEL J. BYRON   
   Vice President of Finance  
(Principal Accounting Officer)  March 12, 2013  
Michael J. Byron        
/s/ TENCH COXE    Director  March 12, 2013  
Tench Coxe  
         
/s/ MARK STEVENS   Director  March 12, 2013  
Mark Stevens         
/s/ JAMES C. GAITHER  Director  March 12, 2013  
James C. Gaither         
/s/ HARVEY C. JONES   Director  March 12, 2013  
Harvey C. Jones   
         
/s/ MARK L. PERRY   Director  March 12, 2013  
Mark L. Perry         
/s/ WILLIAM J. MILLER  Director  March 12, 2013  
William J. Miller         
/s/ A. BROOKE SEAWELL  Director  March 12, 2013  
A. Brooke Seawell         
/s/ ROBERT BURGESS  Director  March 12, 2013  
Robert Burgess  
       Table of Contents  
 
 
 
EXHIBIT INDEX  
 
 
112            Incorporated by Reference          
Exhibit 
No.    Exhibit Description    Schedule/Form   File Number    Exhibit    Filing Date  
2.1  
  Agreement and Plan of Merger by and among NVIDIA 
Corporation, Partridge Acquisition, Inc. and Portal Player, 
Inc. dated 11/6/06  
     8-K  
  0-23985  
  2.1  
  11/9/2006  
3.1  
  Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation  
     S-8  
  333-74905  
  4.1  
  3/23/1999  
3.2  
  Certificate of Amendment of Amended and Restated 
Certificate of Incorporation  
     10-Q  
  0-23985  
  3.1  
  8/21/2008  
3.3  
  Certificate of Amendment of Amended and Restated 
Certificate of Incorporation    8-K  
  0-23985  
  3.1  
  5/24/2011  
3.4  
  Bylaws of NVIDIA Corporation, Amended and Restated as 
of May 23, 2011    8-K  
  0-23985  
  3.2  
  5/24/2011  
4.1    Reference is made to Exhibits 3.1, 3.2, 3.3 and 3.4                       
4.2  
  Specimen Stock Certificate  
     S-1/A  
  333-47495  
  4.2  
  4/24/1998  
10.1  
  Form of Indemnity Agreement between NVIDIA 
Corporation and each of its directors and officers  
     8-K  
  0-23985  
  10.1  
  3/7/2006  
10.2+  
  1998 Equity Incentive Plan, as amended  
     8-K  
  0-23985  
  10.2  
  3/13/2006  
10.3+  
  1998 Equity Incentive Plan ISO, as amended  
     10-Q  
  0-23985  
  10.5  
  11/22/2004  
10.4+  
  1998 Equity Incentive Plan NSO, as amended  
     10-Q  
  0-23985  
  10.6  
  11/22/2004  
10.5+  
  Certificate of Stock Option Grant  
     10-Q  
  0-23985  
  10.7  
  11/22/2004  
10.6+  
  1998 Non- Employee Directors' Stock Option Plan, as 
amended  
     8-K  
  0-23985  
  10.1  
  4/3/2006  
10.7+  
  1998 Non- Employee Directors' Stock Option Plan (Annual 
Grant - Board Service), as amended  
     10-Q  
  0-23985  
  10.1  
  11/22/2004  
10.8+  
  1998 Non- Employee Directors' Stock Option Plan 
(Committee Grant - Committee Service), as amended  
     10-Q  
  0-23985  
  10.2  
  11/22/2004  
10.9+  
  1998 Non- Employee Directors' Stock Option Plan (Initial 
Grant)  
     10-Q  
  0-23985  
  10.3  
  11/22/2004  
10.10+  
  1998 Employee Stock Purchase Plan, as amended and 
restated  
     10-Q  
  0-23985  
  10.2  
  5/22/2008  
10.11+  
  2000 Nonstatutory Equity Incentive Plan, as amended   
     SC TO-1  
  005-56649  
  99(d)(1)(A) 
  11/29/2006  
10.12+  
  2000 Nonstatutory Equity Incentive Plan NSO  
     SC TO-1  
  005-56649  
  99.1(d)(1) 
(B)    11/29/2006  Table of Contents  
 
 
113  10.13+  
  PortalPlayer, Inc. 1999 Stock Option Plan and Form of 
Agreements thereunder  
     S-8  
  333-140021  
  99.1  
  1/16/2007  
10.14+  
  PortalPlayer, Inc. Amended and Restated 2004 Stock 
Incentive Plan  
     S-8  
  333-140021  
  99.2  
  1/16/2007  
10.15+  
  Amended and Restated 2007 Equity Incentive Plan  
     10-Q  
  0-23985  
  10.5  
  5/23/2012  
10.16+  
  2007 Equity Incentive Plan - Non Statutory Stock Op tion 
(Annual Grant - Board Service (2007))    10-Q  
  0-23985  
  10.2  
  8/22/2007  
10.17+  
  2007 Equity Incentive Plan - Non Statutory Stock Op tion 
(Annual Grant - Committee Service (2007))    10-Q  
  0-23985  
  10.3  
  8/22/2007  
10.18+  
  2007 Equity Incentive Plan - Non Statutory Stock Op tion 
(Initial Grant - Board Service (2007))    10-Q  
  0-23985  
  10.4  
  8/22/2007  
10.19+  
  2007 Equity Incentive Plan - Non-Statutory Stock Op tion 
(Annual Grant - Board Service (2009))    10-Q  
  0-23985  
  10.1  
  8/20/2009  
10.20+  
  2007 Equity Incentive Plan - Non-Statutory Stock Op tion 
(Annual Grant - Board Service (2011))    10-Q  
  0-23985  
  10.41  
  5/27/2011  
10.21+  
  2007 Equity Incentive Plan - Non-Statutory Stock Op tion 
(Initial Grant - Board Service (2011))    8-K  
  0-23985  
  10.1  
  12/14/2011  
10.22+  
  Amended and Restated 2007 Equity Incentive Plan - N on-
Employee Director Stock Option Grant (2012 Annual 
Board Retainer)    10-Q  
  0-23985  
  10.4  
  5/23/2012  
10.23+    2007 Equity Incentive Plan - Non Statutory Stock Op tion     8-K    0-23985    10.2    9/13/2010  
10.24+  
  2007 Equity Incentive Plan - Incentive Stock Option   
     8-K  
  0-23985  
  10.21  
  9/13/2010  
10.25+  
  Amended and Restated 2007 Equity Incentive Plan - N on 
Statutory Stock Option    10-Q  
  0-23985  
  10.1  
  8/22/2012  
10.26+  
  Amended and Restated 2007 Equity Incentive Plan - 
Incentive Stock Option    10-Q  
  0-23985  
  10.2  
  8/22/2012  
10.27+  
  2007 Equity Incentive Plan -  Restricted Stock Unit Grant 
Notice and Restricted Stock Unit Purchase Agreement   
     10-Q  
  0-23985  
  10.22  
  12/7/2010  
10.28+  
  Amended and Restated 2007 Equity Incentive Plan - 
Restricted Stock Unit Grant Notice and Restricted S tock 
Unit Purchase Agreement    10-Q  
  0-23985  
  10.3  
  8/22/2012  
10.29+  
  Amended and Restated 2007 Equity Incentive Plan - N on-
Employee Director Restricted Stock Unit (without de ferral 
option)    10-Q  
  0-23985  
  10.2  
  5/23/2012  
10.30+  
  Amended and Restated 2007 Equity Incentive Plan - N on-
Employee Director Restricted Stock Unit (with defer ral 
option)    10-Q  
  0-23985  
  10.3  
  5/23/2012  
10.31+    2012 Employee Stock Purchase Plan    10-Q    0-23985    10.6    5/23/2012  
10.32+  
  Fiscal Year 2013 Variable Compensation Plan  
     8-K  
  0-23985  
  10.1  
  3/28/2012  
10.33+  
  Fiscal Year 2012 Variable Compensation Plan  
     8-K  
  0-23985  
  10.1  
  3/25/2011  
10.34  
  Lease dated April 4, 2000 between NVIDIA Corporatio n 
and Sobrato Interests III for Building A  
     S-3/A  
    333-33560  
  10.1  
  4/20/2000  
10.35  
  Lease dated April 4, 2000 between NVIDIA Corporatio n 
and Sobrato Interests III for Building B  
     S-3/A  
    333-33560  
  10.2  
  4/20/2000  Table of Contents  
 
*  Filed herewith.  
 
+  Management contract or compensatory plan or arra ngement.  
 
 
114  10.36  
  Lease dated April 4, 2000 between NVIDIA Corporatio n 
and Sobrato Interests III for Building C  
     S-3/A  
    333-33560  
  10.3  
  4/20/2000  
10.37  
  Lease dated April 4, 2000 between NVIDIA Corporatio n 
and Sobrato Interests III for Building D  
     S-3/A  
    333-33560  
  10.4  
  4/20/2000  
10.38  
  Memory Controller Patent License Agreement Between 
Rambus Inc. and NVIDIA Corporation, dated August 12 , 
2010    10-Q  
     0-23985  
  10.32  
  12/7/2010  
10.39  
  Second Amendment to Lease, dated August 18, 2010 
between NVIDIA Corporation and Sobrato Interests II I for 
Building A    10-Q  
     0-23985  
  10.33  
  12/7/2010  
10.40  
  Third Amendment to Lease, dated August 18, 2010, 
between NVIDIA Corporation and Sobrato Interests II I for 
Building B    10-Q  
     0-23985  
  10.34 
   12/7/2010  
10.41  
   
  Third Amendment to Lease, dated August 18, 2010, 
between NVIDIA Corporation and Sobrato Interests II I for 
Building C    10-Q  
     0-23985  
  10.35 
   12/7/2010  
10.42  
  Second Amendment to Lease, dated August 18, 2010, 
between NVIDIA Corporation and Sobrato Interests II I for 
Building D  
     10-Q  
     0-23985  
  10.36  
  12/7/2010  
10.43  
  Patent Cross License Agreement dated as of January 10, 
2011, between NVIDIA Corporation and Intel Corporat ion  
     8-K  
   
    0-23985  
   
  10.1 
   1/10/2011  
21.1*  
  List of Registrant's Subsidiaries  
      
23.1*  
  Consent of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP  
      
24.1*  
  Power of Attorney (included in signature page)  
      
31.1*  
  Certification of Chief Executive Officer as require d by Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934  
   
31.2*  
  Certification of Chief Financial Officer as require d by Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934  
   
32.1#*  
  Certification of Chief Executive Officer as require d by Rule 13a-14(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934  
   
32.2#*  
     Certification of Chief Financial Officer as require d by Rule 13a-14(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934  
101.INS*  
   XBRL Instance Document  
      
101.SCH*     XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document  
      
101.CAL*  
   XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Docum ent  
      
101.DEF*  
   XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Docume nt  
      
101.LAB*  
   XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase Document  
      
101.PRE*    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Docum ent     Table of Contents  
 
#  In accordance with Item 601(b)(32)(ii) of Regula tion S-K and SEC Release Nos. 33-8238 and 34- 47986, Final Rule: Management's Reports on 
Internal Control Over Financial Reporting and Certi fication of Disclosure in Exchange Act Periodic Rep orts, the certifications furnished in Exhibits 
32.1 and 32.2 hereto are deemed to accompany this Q uarterly Report on Form 10-Q and will not be deemed  “filed” for purpose of Section 18 of the 
Exchange Act. Such certifications will not be deeme d to be incorporated by reference into any filing u nder the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, 
except to the extent that the registrant specifical ly incorporates it by reference.  
 
Copies of above exhibits not contained herein are a vailable to any stockholder upon written request to :  
Investor Relations: NVIDIA Corporation, 2701 San To mas Expressway, Santa Clara, CA 95050   
 
 
115   
 
  EXHIBIT 31.1 
CERTIFICATION  
 
   
I, Jen-Hsun Huang, certify that:  
   
1.  I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K  of NVIDIA Corporation;  
 
2.  Based on my knowledge, this report does not con tain any untrue statement of a material fact or omi t to state a material fact necessary to make 
the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleadi ng with respect to the period covered by 
this report;  
   
3.  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements , and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects 
the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the pe riods presented in this report;  
   
4.  The registrant's other certifying officer(s) an d I are responsible for establishing and maintainin g disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in  
Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and int ernal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15 
(f)) for the registrant and have:    
 
(a) designed such disclosure controls and procedure s, or caused such disclosure controls and procedure s to be designed under our supervision, to 
ensure that material information relating to the re gistrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those 
entities, particularly during the period in which t his report is being prepared;  
 
(b) designed such internal control over financial r eporting, or caused such internal control over fina ncial reporting to be designed under our 
supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regard ing the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external 
purposes in accordance with generally accepted acco unting principles;  
 
(c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's  disclosure controls and procedures and presented i n this report our conclusions about the 
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and proced ures, as of the end of the period covered by this r eport based on such evaluation; and  
 
(d) disclosed in this report any change in the regi strant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent 
fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quar ter in the case of an annual report) that has mater ially affected, or is reasonably likely to material ly 
affect, the registrant's internal control over fina ncial reporting; and  
 
5.  The registrant's other certifying officer(s) an d I have disclosed, based on our most recent evalua tion of internal control over financial reporting, 
to the registrant's auditors and the audit committe e of the registrant's board of directors (or person s performing the equivalent functions):    
 
(a) all significant deficiencies and material weakn esses in the design or operation of internal contro l over financial reporting which are reasonably 
likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability  to record, process, summarize and report financial  information; and  
 
(b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involv es management or other employees who have a signifi cant role in the registrant's internal control 
over financial reporting.  
 
Date:   March 12, 2013  
   
   
/s/ JEN -HSUN HUANG  
Jen-Hsun Huang          
President and Chief Executive Officer   
 
 
  
 
EXHIBIT 31.2 
   
CERTIFICATION  
 
   
I, Karen Burns, certify that:  
 
1.  I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K  of NVIDIA Corporation;  
   
2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not cont ain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit  to state a material fact necessary to make the 
statements made, in light of the circumstances unde r which such statements were made, not misleading w ith respect to the period covered by this 
report;  
   
3.  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements , and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects 
the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the pe riods presented in this report;  
   
4.  The registrant's other certifying officer(s) an d I are responsible for establishing and maintainin g disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in  
Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and int ernal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15 
(f)) for the registrant and have:    
 
(a) designed such disclosure controls and procedure s, or caused such disclosure controls and procedure s to be designed under our supervision, to 
ensure that material information relating to the re gistrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those 
entities, particularly during the period in which t his report is being prepared;  
 
(b) designed such internal control over financial r eporting, or caused such internal control over fina ncial reporting to be designed under our 
supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regard ing the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external 
purposes in accordance with generally accepted acco unting principles;  
 
(c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's  disclosure controls and procedures and presented i n this report our conclusions about the 
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and proced ures, as of the end of the period covered by this r eport based on such evaluation; and  
 
(d) disclosed in this report any change in the regi strant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent 
fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quar ter in the case of an annual report) that has mater ially affected, or is reasonably likely to material ly 
affect, the registrant's internal control over fina ncial reporting; and  
 
5.  The registrant's other certifying officer(s) an d I have disclosed, based on our most recent evalua tion of internal control over financial reporting, 
to the registrant's auditors and the audit committe e of the registrant's board of directors (or person s performing the equivalent functions):  
   
(a) all significant deficiencies and material weakn esses in the design or operation of internal contro l over financial reporting which are reasonably 
likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability  to record, process, summarize and report financial  information; and  
 
(b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involv es management or other employees who have a signifi cant role in the registrant's internal control 
over financial reporting.  
 
   
Date:   March 12, 2013  
 
   
/s/ KAREN BURNS   
Karen Burns  
Interim Chief Financial Officer  
 
 
  
 
EXHIBIT 32.1 
   
CERTIFICATION   
 
   
Pursuant to the requirement set forth in Rule 13a-1 4(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as ame nded (the “Exchange Act”), and 
Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the Unite d States Code (18 U.S.C. § 1350), Jen- Hsun Huang, the President and Chief Executive Offic er of 
NVIDIA Corporation (the “Company”), hereby certifies that, to the best of h is knowledge:  
 
1.  The Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for th e year ended January 27, 2013 , to which this Certification is attached as Exhibi t 32.1 (the 
“Periodic Report”), fully complies with the require ments of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Exch ange Act; and  
 
2.  The information contained in the Periodic Repor t fairly presents, in all material respects, the fi nancial condition of the Company at the end of the 
period covered by the Periodic Report and results o f operations of the Company for the period covered by the Periodic Report.  
 
Date:   March 12, 2013  
   
   
/s/ JEN -HSUN HUANG  
Jen-Hsun Huang      
President and Chief Executive Officer  
   
   
A signed original of this written statement require d by Section 906 of 18 U.S.C. § 1350 has been provi ded to NVIDIA Corporation and will be 
retained by NVIDIA Corporation and furnished to the  Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff up on request.  
    
This certification accompanies the Form 10- K to which it relates, is not deemed filed with the  Securities and Exchange Commission and is not 
to be incorporated by reference into any filing of the Company under the Securities Act of 1933, as am ended, or the Exchange Act (whether made 
before or after the date of the Form 10-K), irrespe ctive of any general incorporation language contain ed in such filing.  
 
 
 
  
 
EXHIBIT 32.2 
   
CERTIFICATION  
   
 
Pursuant to the requirement set forth in Rule 13a-1 4(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as ame nded (the “Exchange Act”), and 
Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the Unite d States Code (18 U.S.C. § 1350), Karen Burns, the Interim Chief Financial Officer of NVIDIA 
Corporation (the “Company”), hereby certifies that,  to the best of her knowledge:  
 
1. The Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the  year ended January 27, 2013 , to which this Certification is attached as Exhibi t 32.2 (the 
“Periodic Report”), fully complies with the require ments of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Exch ange Act; and  
 
2. The information contained in the Periodic Report  fairly presents, in all material respects, the fin ancial condition of the Company at the end of the 
period covered by the Periodic Report and results o f operations of the Company for the period covered by the Periodic Report.  
 
Date:   March 12, 2013  
   
/s/ KAREN BURNS   
Karen Burns  
Interim Chief Financial Officer  
     
   
A signed original of this written statement require d by Section 906 of 18 U.S.C. § 1350 has been provi ded to NVIDIA Corporation and will be 
retained by NVIDIA Corporation and furnished to the  Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff up on request.  
    
This certification accompanies the Form 10- K to which it relates, is not deemed filed with the  Securities and Exchange Commission and is not 
to be incorporated by reference into any filing of the Company under the Securities Act of 1933, as am ended, or the Exchange Act (whether made 
before or after the date of the Form 10-K), irrespe ctive of any general incorporation language contain ed in such filing.  
 
 
 EHHIBIT 21.1 
LIST OF REGISTRANT'S SUBSIDIARIES  
 
 
 
 Subsidiaries of Registrant (All 100% owned)  Country of Organization  
    
AGEIA Technologies LLC  United States  
AGEIA Technologies Switzerland AG  Switzerland  
Icera Canada ULC  Canada  
Icera LLC  United States  
Icera Semiconductor LLC  United States  
JAH Venture Holdings, Inc.  United States  
LPN Facilitator LLC  United States  
Mental Images, Inc.  United States  
NVIDIA (BVI) Holdings Limited  Virgin Islands, British  
NVIDIA ARC GmbH  Germany  
NVIDIA Development France SAS  France  
NVIDIA Development UK Limited  England and Wales  
NVIDIA Development, Inc.  Canada  
NVIDIA Dutch Coöperatief U.A.  Netherlands  
NVIDIA GK  Japan  
NVIDIA GmbH  Germany  
NVIDIA Graphics Holding Company  Mauritius  
NVIDIA Graphics Private Limited  India  
NVIDIA Helsinki Oy  Finland  
NVIDIA Hong Kong Development Limited  Hong Kong  
NVIDIA Hong Kong Holdings Limited  Hong Kong  
NVIDIA International Holdings Inc.  United States  
NVIDIA International, Inc.  Cayman Islands  
Nvidia Land Development, LLC  United States  
NVIDIA Ltd.  England and Wales  
Nvidia Pty Limited  Australia  
NVIDIA Semiconductor (Shenzhen) Co., Ltd.  China  
NVIDIA Semiconductor Holding Company  Mauritius  
NVIDIA Semiconductor Shenzhen Holding Company  Maur itius  
NVIDIA Semiconductor Technical Service (Shanghai) C o., Ltd.  China  
NVIDIA Semiconductor Technology (Shanghai) Co., Ltd .  China  
NVIDIA Singapore Development Pte. Ltd.  Singapore  
NVIDIA Singapore Pte Ltd  Singapore  
NVIDIA Technology UK Limited  England and Wales  
VC Worldwide Ltd.  Virgin Islands, British  
NVIDIA Belgium SPRL  Belgium  
NVIDIA Italy S.r.l.  Italy  
NVIDIA Semiconductor R&D (Tianjin) Co., Ltd.  China   
NVIDIA Brasil Computação Visual Limitada  Brazil  
NVIDIA FZ-LLC  United Arab Emirates  EXHIBIT 23.1 
CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING  FIRM  
 
 
We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference  in the Registration Statements on Form S-8 (Nos. 3 33-74905, 333-51520, 333-74868, 333-
100010, 333-106191, 333-114375, 333-123933, 333-132 493, 333-140021, 333-143953, 333-181625 and 333-185 036) and on Form S-4 (No. 333-
54406) of NVIDIA Corporation of our report dated Ma rch 12, 2013 relating to the fi nancial statements, financial statement schedule an d the 
effectiveness of internal control over financial re porting, which appears in this Form 10-K.  
   
/s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP    
 
San Jose, California  
March 12, 2013  
 
 
 