10-K	
1	
tsla-10k_20161231.htm	
10-K
	
UNITED	STATES
SECURITIES	AND	EXCHANGE	COMMISSION
Washington,	D.C.	20549
	
FORM	10-K
	
(Mark	One)
☒
ANNUAL	REPORT	PURSUANT	TO	SECTION	13	OR	15(d)	OF	THE	SECURITIES	EXCHANGE	ACT	OF	1934
For	the	fiscal	year	ended	December	31,	2016
OR
☐
TRANSITION	REPORT	PURSUANT	TO	SECTION	13	OR	15(d)	OF	THE	SECURITIES	EXCHANGE	ACT	OF	1934
For	the	transition	period	from	
																				
	to	
																					
Commission	File	Number:	001-34756
	
Tesla,	Inc.
(Exact	name	of	registrant	as	specified	in	its	charter)
	
	
Delaware
	
91-2197729
(State	or	other	jurisdiction	of
incorporation	or	organization)
	
(I.R.S.	Employer
Identification	No.)
	
	
	
3500	Deer	Creek	Road
Palo	Alto,	California
	
94304
(Address	of	principal	executive	offices)
	
(Zip	Code)
(650)	681-5000
(Registrant’s	telephone	number,	including	area	code)
Securities	registered	pursuant	to	Section	12(b)	of	the	Act:
	
Title	of	each	class
	
Name	of	each	exchange	on	which	registered
Common	Stock,	$0.001	par	value
	
The	NASDAQ	Stock	Market	LLC
Securities	registered	pursuant	to	Section	12(g)	of	the	Act:
None
	
Indicate	by	check	mark	whether	the	registrant	is	a	well-known	seasoned	issuer,	as	defined	in	Rule	405	of	the	Securities	Act.				Yes		
☒
				No		
☐
Indicate	by	check	mark	if	the	registrant	is	not	required	to	file	reports	pursuant	to	Section	13	or	15(d)	of	the	Act.				Yes		
☐
				No		
☒
Indicate	by	check	mark	whether	the	registrant	(1)	has	filed	all	reports	required	to	be	filed	by	Section	13	or	15(d)	of	the	Securities	Exchange	Act	of	1934	(“Exchange	Act”)	during	the	preceding	12	months	(or	for	such	shorter	period	that	the	registrant	was	required	to	file	such	reports),
and	(2)	has	been	subject	to	such	filing	requirements	for	the	past	90	days.				Yes		
☒
				No		
☐
Indicate	by	check	mark	whether	the	registrant	has	submitted	electronically	and	posted	on	its	corporate	Web	site,	if	any,	every	Interactive	Data	File	required	to	be	submitted	and	posted	pursuant	to	Rule	405	of	Regulation	S-T	during	the	preceding	12	months	(or	for	such	shorter
period	that	the	registrant	was	required	to	submit	and	post	such	files).				Yes		
☒
				No		
☐
Indicate	by	check	mark	if	disclosure	of	delinquent	filers	pursuant	to	Item	405	of	Regulation	S-K	(§229.405	of	this	chapter)	is	not	contained	herein,	and	will	not	be	contained,	to	the	best	of	registrant’s	knowledge,	in	definitive	proxy	or	information	statements	incorporated	by	reference
in	Part	III	of	this	Form	10-K	or	any	amendment	to	this	Form	10-K.		
☐
Indicate	by	check	mark	whether	the	registrant	is	a	large	accelerated	filer,	an	accelerated	filer,	a	non-accelerated	filer	or	a	smaller	reporting	company.	See	the	definitions	of	“large	accelerated	filer,”	“accelerated	filer,”	and	“smaller	reporting	company”	in	Rule	12b-2	of	the	Exchange
Act:
	
Large	accelerated	filer
	
☒
		
Accelerated	filer
	
☐
	
	
	
	
Non-accelerated	filer
	
☐
		(Do	not	check	if	a	smaller	reporting	company)
		
Smaller	reporting	company
	
☐
Indicate	by	check	mark	whether	the	registrant	is	a	shell	company	(as	defined	in	Rule	12b-2	of	the	Exchange	Act).				Yes		
☐
				No			
☒
The	aggregate	market	value	of	voting	stock	held	by	non-affiliates	of	the	registrant,	as	of	June	30,	2016,	the	last	day	of	registrant’s	most	recently	completed	second	fiscal	quarter,	was	$24,663,024,104	(based	on	the	closing	price	for	shares	of	the	registrant’s	Common	Stock	as	reported
by	the	NASDAQ	Global	Select	Market	on	June	30,	2016).	Shares	of	Common	Stock	held	by	each	executive	officer,	director,	and	holder	of	5%	or	more	of	the	outstanding	Common	Stock	have	been	excluded	in	that	such	persons	may	be	deemed	to	be	affiliates.	This	determination	of	affiliate
status	is	not	necessarily	a	conclusive	determination	for	other	purposes.
As	of	January	31,	2017,	there	were	161,670,428	shares	of	the	registrant’s	Common	Stock	outstanding.
DOCUMENTS	INCORPORATED	BY	REFERENCE
Portions	of	the	registrant’s	Proxy	Statement	for	the	2017	Annual	Meeting	of	Stockholders	are	incorporated	herein	by	reference	in	Part	III	of	this	Annual	Report	on	Form	10-K	to	the	extent	stated	herein.	Such	proxy	statement	will	be	filed	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission
within	120	days	of	the	registrant’s	fiscal	year	ended	December	31,	2016.
	
	
	
		
TESLA,	INC.
ANNUAL	REPORT	ON	FORM	10-K	FOR	THE	YEAR	ENDED	DECEMBER	31,	2016
INDEX
	
	
	
	
	
Page
PART	I.
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Item	1.
	
Business
		
1
Item	1A.
	
Risk	Factors
	
14
Item	1B.
	
Unresolved	Staff	Comments
	
29
Item	2.
	
Properties
	
30
Item	3.
	
Legal	Proceedings
	
30
Item	4.
	
Mine	Safety	Disclosures
	
31
	
	
	
PART	II.
	
	
	
	
	
	
Item	5.
	
Market	for	Registrant’s	Common	Equity,	Related	Stockholder	Matters	and	Issuer	Purchases	of	Equity	Securities
	
32
Item	6.
	
Selected	Financial	Data
	
34
Item	7.
	
Management’s	Discussion	and	Analysis	of	Financial	Condition	and	Results	of	Operations
	
35
Item	7A.
	
Quantitative	and	Qualitative	Disclosures	About	Market	Risk
	
51
Item	8.
	
Financial	Statements	and	Supplementary	Data
	
53
Item	9.
	
Changes	in	and	Disagreements	with	Accountants	on	Accounting	and	Financial	Disclosure
	
105
Item	9A.
	
Controls	and	Procedures
	
105
Item	9B.
	
Other	Information
	
105
	
	
	
PART	III.
	
	
	
	
	
	
Item	10.
	
Directors,	Executive	Officers	and	Corporate	Governance
	
106
Item	11.
	
Executive	Compensation
	
106
Item	12.
	
Security	Ownership	of	Certain	Beneficial	Owners	and	Management	and	Related	Stockholder	Matters
	
106
Item	13.
	
Certain	Relationships	and	Related	Transactions,	and	Director	Independence
	
106
Item	14.
	
Principal	Accountant	Fees	and	Services
	
106
	
	
	
	
PART	IV.
	
	
	
	
	
	
Item	15.
	
Exhibits	and	Financial	Statement	Schedules
	
106
	
	
	
Signatures
	
140
	
	
	
i	
Forward-Looking	Statements
The	discussions	in	this	Annual	Report	on	Form	10-K	contain	forward-looking	statements	reflecting	our	current	expectations	that	involve	risks	and	uncertainties.	These	forward-looking	statements	include,	but	are
not	limited	to,	statements	concerning	our	strategy,	future	operations,	future	financial	position,	future	revenues,	projected	costs,	profitability,	expected	cost	reductions,	capital	adequacy,	expectations	regarding	demand	and
acceptance	for	our	technologies,	growth	opportunities	and	trends	in	the	market	in	which	we	operate,	prospects	and	plans	and	objectives	of	management.	The	words	“anticipates”,	“believes”,	“could,”	“estimates”,	“expects”,
“intends”,	“may”,	“plans”,	“projects”,	“will”,	“would”	and	similar	expressions	are	intended	to	identify	forward-looking	statements,	although	not	all	forward-looking	statements	contain	these	identifying	words.	We	may	not
actually	achieve	the	plans,	intentions	or	expectations	disclosed	in	our	forward-looking	statements	and	you	should	not	place	undue	reliance	on	our	forward-looking	statements.	Actual	results	or	events	could	differ	materially
from	the	plans,	intentions	and	expectations	disclosed	in	the	forward-looking	statements	that	we	make.	These	forward-looking	statements	involve	risks	and	uncertainties	that	could	cause	our	actual	results	to	differ
materially	from	those	in	the	forward-looking	statements,	including,	without	limitation,	the	risks	set	forth	in	Part	I,	Item	1A,	“Risk	Factors”	in	this	Annual	Report	on	Form	10-K	and	in	our	other	filings	with	the	Securities
and	Exchange	Commission.	We	do	not	assume	any	obligation	to	update	any	forward-looking	statements.
	
	
	
		
P
ART	I
I
TEM	1.
BUSINESS
	
Overview
We	design,	develop,	manufacture	and	sell	high-performance	fully	electric	vehicles,	and	energy	storage	systems,	as	well	as	install,	operate	and	maintain	solar	and	energy	storage	products.	We	are	the	world’s	only	vertically	integrated
energy	company,	offering	end-to-end	clean	energy	products,	including	generation,	storage	and	consumption.	We	have	established	a	global	network	of	vehicle	stores,	service	centers	and	Supercharger	stations	to	accelerate	the	widespread
adoption	of	our	products.	Our	vehicles,	engineering	expertise	across	multiple	products	and	systems,	intense	focus	to	accelerate	the	world's	transition	to	sustainable	transport,	and	business	model	differentiates	us	from	other	manufacturers.		
We	currently	produce	and	sell	two	fully	electric	vehicles,	the	Model	S	sedan	and	the	Model	X	sport	utility	vehicle	(SUV).	Both	vehicles	offer	exceptional	performance,	functionality	and	attractive	styling.	We	commenced	deliveries	of
Model	S	in	June	2012	and	have	continued	to	improve	Model	S	by	introducing	performance,	all-wheel	drive	dual	motor,	and	autopilot	options,	as	well	as	free	over-the-air	software	updates.
We	commenced	deliveries	of	Model	X	in	the	third	quarter	of	2015.	Model	X	offers	exceptional	safety,	seating	for	up	to	seven	people,	all-wheel	drive,	and	our	autopilot	functionality.	We	are	currently	ramping	production	and	deliveries
of	Model	X	in	the	United	States,	Europe	and	Asia.		
Our	next	vehicle	introduction	is	the	Model	3,	a	lower	priced	sedan	designed	for	the	mass	market.	We	intend	to	begin	volume	production	and	deliveries	of	Model	3	in	the	second	half	of	2017.	
We	also	intend	to	bring	additional	vehicles
to	market	in	the	future.
	The	production	of	fully	electric	vehicles	that	meets	consumers’	range	and	performance	expectations	requires	substantial	design,	engineering,	and	integration	work	on	almost	every	system	of	our	vehicles.	Our	design	and
vehicle	engineering	capabilities,	combined	with	the	technical	advancements	of	our	powertrain	system,	have	enabled	us	to	design	and	develop	electric	vehicles	that	we	believe	overcome	the	design,	styling,	and	performance	issues	that	have
historically	limited	broad	consumer	adoption	of	electric	vehicles.	As	a	result,	our	customers	enjoy	several	benefits,	including:
	
•
Long	Range	and	Recharging	Flexibility.
	Our	vehicles	offer	ranges	that	significantly	exceed	those	of	any	other	commercially	available	electric	vehicle.	In	addition,	our	vehicles	incorporate	our	proprietary	on-board	charging
system,	permitting	recharging	from	almost	any	available	electrical	outlet,	and	also	offer	fast	charging	capability	from	our	Supercharger	network.
	
•
High-Performance	Without	Compromised	Design	or	Functionality.
	Our	vehicles	deliver	unparalleled	driving	experiences	with	instantaneous	and	sustained	acceleration,	an	
advanced	autopilot	system	with	active	safety	and
convenience	features,	and	over-the-air	software	updates.
	
•
Energy	Efficiency	and	Cost	of	Ownership.
	Our	vehicles	offer	an	attractive	cost	of	ownership	when	compared	to	similar	internal	combustion	engine	or	hybrid	electric	vehicles.	Using	only	an	electric	powertrain	enables	us	to
create	more	energy	efficient	vehicles	that	are	mechanically	simpler	than	currently	available	hybrid	or	internal	combustion	engine	vehicles.	The	cost	to	fuel	our	vehicles	is	less	compared	to	internal	combustion	vehicles.	We
also	expect	our	electric	vehicles	will	have	lower	relative	maintenance	costs	than	other	vehicles	due	to	fewer	moving	parts	and	the	absence	of	certain	components,	including	oil,	oil	filters,	spark	plugs	and	engine	valves.
We	sell	our	vehicles	through	our	own	sales	and	service	network	which	we	are	continuing	to	grow	globally.		The	benefits	we	receive	from	distribution	ownership	enable	us	to	improve	the	overall	customer	experience,	the	speed	of
product	development	and	the	capital	efficiency	of	our	business.	We	are	also	continuing	to	build	our	network	of	Superchargers	and	destination	chargers	in	North	America,	Europe	and	Asia	to	provide	both	fast	charging	that	enables	convenient
long-distance	travel	as	well	as	other	convenient	charging	options.
In	addition	to	manufacturing	and	selling	our	own	vehicles,	we	leverage	our	technology	expertise	in	batteries,	power	electronics,	and	integrated	systems	to	manufacture	and	sell	energy	storage	products.	We	recently	announced	the
latest	generation	of	our	energy	storage	products,	the14	kilowatt	hour	(kWh)	Powerwall	2	with	an	integrated	inverter	for	residential	applications	and	the	infinitely	scalable	200	kWh	Powerpack	2.		In	addition,	we	also	announced	an	accompanying
bi-directional	inverter	for	commercial,	industrial	and	utility	applications.	We	began	production	and	deliveries	of	these	second	generation	products	in	the	fourth	quarter	of	2016.		Similar	to	our	electric	vehicles,	our	energy	storage	products	have
been	developed	to	receive	over-the-air	firmware	and	software	updates	that	enable	additional	features	over	time.
	
1	
Also,	through	our	acquisition	of	SolarCity	Corporation,	which	closed	on	November	21,	2016,	we	sell	renewable	energy	to	our	customers	typically	at	prices	below	utility	rates	and	are	focused	on	reducing	the	cost	of	solar	energy	for	our
customers.		Since	2006,	SolarCity	has	installed	solar	energy	systems	for	over	325,000	customers.	Our	long-term	agreements	with	our	customers	generate	recurring	payments	and	create	a	portfolio	of	high-quality	receivables	that	we	leverage	to
further	reduce	the	cost	of	making	the	switch	to	solar	energy.		The	electricity	produced	by	our	solar	installations	represents	a	very	small	fraction	of	total	U.S.	electricity	generation.	With	over	tens	of	millions	of	single-family	homes	in	our	primary
service	territories,	and	many	more	in	other	locations,	we	have	a	large	opportunity	to	expand	and	grow	this	business.
We	manufacture	our	vehicle	products	primarily	at	our	facilities	in	Fremont,	California,	Lathrop,	California,	Tilburg,	Netherlands	and	at	our	Gigafactory	1	near	Reno,	Nevada.	We	are	currently	using	battery	packs	manufactured	at
Gigafactory	1	for	our	energy	storage	products,	and	will	build	Model	3	battery	packs	and	drive	units	at	Gigafactory	1.			We	manufacture	our	solar	products	at	our	factories	in	Fremont,	California	and	Buffalo,	New	York	(Gigafactory	2).
Our	Products	and	Services
Vehicles
Model	S
Model	S	is	a	fully	electric,	four-door,	five-adult	passenger	sedan	that	offers	compelling	range	and	performance	with	zero	tailpipe	emissions.	We	offer	performance	and	all-wheel	drive	dual	motor	system	options.	Model	S	100D	is	the
longest	range	all-electric	production	sedan	in	the	world,	and	the	performance	version	with	the	Ludicrous	speed	upgrade	is	the	quickest	accelerating	production	vehicle	ever.
Model	S	offers	a	unique	combination	of	functionality,	convenience,	safety	and	styling	without	compromising	performance	and	energy	efficiency.		Model	S	also	includes	premium	luxury	features,	including	a	17	inch	touch	screen	driver
interface,	our	advanced	autopilot	hardware	to	enable	both	active	safety	and	convenience	features,	and	over-the-air	software	updates.	We	believe	the	combination	of	performance,	safety,	styling,	convenience	and	energy	efficiency	of	Model	S
positions	it	as	a	compelling	alternative	to	other	vehicles	in	the	luxury	and	performance	segments.
Model	X
Model	X	is	the	longest	range	all-electric	production	sport	utility	vehicle	in	the	world,	and	offers	exceptional	functionality	with	high	performance	features	such	as	our	fully	electric,	all-wheel	drive	dual	motor	system	and	our	autopilot
system.	.	Model	X	can	seat	up	to	seven	adults	and	incorporates	a	unique	falcon	wing	door	system	for	superior	access	to	the	second	and	third	seating	rows.	Although	the	National	Highway	Traffic	Safety	Administration	has	not	yet	conducted	crash
testing	on	Model	X,	based	on	our	internal	testing,	we	are	confident	that	Model	X	will	receive	the	highest	safety	rating.	We	began	customer	deliveries	of	Model	X	in	the	third	quarter	of	2015	in	the	United	States.	Model	X	is	sold	in	all	the	markets
where	Model	S	is	available,	including	in	Asia	and	Europe.
Model	3
We	are	developing	a	third	generation	electric	vehicle,	Model	3,	which	we	unveiled	in	March	2016	and	will	be	produced	at	the	Tesla	Factory.	We	intend	to	offer	this	vehicle	at	a	lower	price	point	and	expect	to	produce	it	at	far	higher
volumes	than	our	Model	S	or	Model	X.	Gigafactory	1	construction	and	Model	3	development	both	remain	on	plan	to	support	volume	Model	3	production	and	deliveries	in	the	second	half	of	2017.
	
Future	Consumer	and	Commercial	EVs
Following	the	introduction	of	Model	3,	we	are	also	planning	to	introduce	additional	vehicles	to	address	a	broader	cross-section	of	the	consumer	vehicle	market,	as	well	as	introduce	commercial	EVs	in	the	coming	years.
Energy	Storage
Using	the	energy	management	technologies	and	manufacturing	processes	developed	for	our	vehicle	powertrain	systems,	we	developed	energy	storage	products	for	use	in	homes,	commercial	facilities	and	utility	sites.	The	applications
for	these	battery	systems	include	the	provision	of	backup	power,	grid	independence,	peak	demand	reduction,	demand	response,	reducing	intermittency	of	renewable	generation	and	wholesale	electric	market	services.	We	began	selling	our
residential	systems	in	2013	and	our	commercial	and	utility	systems	in	2014,	and	have	recently	commenced	production	of	the	second	generation	of	these	systems.
	
2	
Our	energy	product	portfolio	includes	systems	with	a	wide	range	of	applications,	from	use	in	homes	to	use	in	large	grid-scale	projects.	Powerwall	2	is	a	14	kWh	rechargeable	lithium-ion	battery	designed	to	store	energy	at	a	home	or
small	commercial	facility	and	can	be	used	for	reducing	demand,	self-consumption	of	solar	power	generation	and	as	backup	power.	In	addition,	we	offer	a	200	kWh	Powerpack	system	which	can	be	used	by	commercial	and	industrial	customers	for
peak	shaving,	load	shifting,	self-consumption	of	solar	generation	and	demand	response.		The	Powerpack	system	is	a	fully	integrated	energy	storage	solution	that	can	be	used	by	utilities	to	smooth	and	firm	the	output	of	renewable	power
generation	sources,	provide	dynamic	energy	capacity	to	the	grid,	defer	or	eliminate	the	need	to	upgrade	transmission	infrastructure	and	also	provide	for	a	variety	of	grid	services	for	utilities.	For	grid-scale	applications,	200	kWh	battery	blocks
can	be	grouped	together	to	offer	MWh	and	GWh	installations.	We	began	production	of	the	second	generation	of	energy	storage	products	at	Gigafactory	1	in	the	fourth	quarter	of	2016.
Along	with	designing	and	manufacturing	energy	storage	products,	we	continue	to	develop	and	advance	our	software	capabilities	for	the	control	and	optimal	dispatch	of	energy	storage	systems	across	a	wide	range	of	markets	and
applications.
Solar	Energy	Systems
The	major	components	of	our	solar	energy	systems	include	solar	panels	that	convert	sunlight	into	electrical	current,	inverters	that	convert	the	electrical	output	from	the	panels	to	a	usable	current	compatible	with	the	electric	grid,
racking	that	attaches	the	solar	panels	to	the	roof	or	ground,	electrical	hardware	that	connects	the	solar	energy	system	to	the	electric	grid	and	our	monitoring	device.	We	purchase	the	majority	of	system	components	from	vendors,	maintaining
multiple	sources	for	each	major	component	to	ensure	competitive	pricing	and	an	adequate	supply	of	materials.	We	also	design	and	manufacture	other	system	components.
Our	SolarLease	and	SolarPPA	customer	agreements	have	fueled	our	growth	by	allowing	our	customers	to	pay	little	or	no	upfront	costs	to	switch	to	distributed	solar	energy.	Over	the	terms	of	both	agreements,	we	own	and	operate	the
solar	energy	system	and	guarantee	its	performance.	Our	current	standard	SolarLeases	and	SolarPPAs	have	20-year	terms,	and	we	typically	offer	the	opportunity	to	renew	our	agreements.	Additionally,	our	Solar	Loan	offers	third-party	financing
alternatives	to	allow	customers	to	take	direct	advantage	of	federal	tax	credits	to	reduce	their	electricity	costs.
In	October	2016,	we	revealed	the	solar	roof,	integrating	solar	energy	production	with	aesthetically	pleasing	and	durable	glass	roofing	tiles,	designed	to	complement	and	power	customer	homes	and	commercial	buildings.	We	currently
expect	to	commence	production	in	the	summer	of	2017	at	our	Gigafactory	2	in	Buffalo,	New	York,	and	begin	customer	installations	of	the	solar	roof	later	in	2017.
Technology
Vehicles
Our	core	competencies	are	powertrain	engineering,	vehicle	engineering,	innovative	manufacturing	and	energy	storage.	Our	core	intellectual	property	resides	not	only	within	our	electric	powertrain,	but	also	within	our	ability	to	design
a	vehicle	that	utilizes	the	unique	advantages	of	an	electric	powertrain	and	the	latest	advancements	in	consumer	technologies.	Our	powertrain	consists	of	our	battery	pack,	power	electronics,	motor,	gearbox	and	control	software.	We	offer	several
powertrain	variants	for	the	Model	S	and	Model	X	that	incorporate	years	of	research	and	development.	In	addition,	we	have	designed	our	vehicles	to	incorporate	the	latest	advances	in	consumer	technologies,	such	as	mobile	computing,	sensing,
displays,	and	connectivity.	Further	evolution	of	our	technology	continues	for	Model	3	and	future	vehicles.	In	addition,	advancements	in	battery	architecture,	thermal	management	and	power	electronics	that	were	originally	commercialized	in	our
vehicles,	are	now	being	leveraged	in	our	energy	storage	products.
Battery	Pack
We	design	our	battery	packs	to	achieve	high	energy	density	at	a	low	cost	while	also	maintaining	safety,	reliability	and	long	life.	Our	proprietary	technology	includes	systems	for	high	density	energy	storage,	cooling,	safety,	charge
balancing,	structural	durability,	and	electronics	management.	We	have	also	pioneered	advanced	manufacturing	techniques	to	manufacture	large	volumes	of	battery	packs	with	high	quality	and	low	costs.
We	have	significant	expertise	in	the	safety	and	management	systems	needed	to	use	lithium-ion	cells	in	the	automotive	environment,	and	have	actively	worked	with	lithium-ion	cell	suppliers	to	further	optimize	cell	designs	to	increase
overall	performance.	These	advancements	have	enabled	us	to	improve	cost	and	performance	of	our	batteries	over	time.	For	example,	we	recently	upgraded	the	battery	of	our	highest	range	Model	S	to	100	kWh.
	
3	
Our	engineering	and	manufacturing	efforts	have	been	performed	with	a	longer-term	goal	of	building	a	foundation	for	further	development.	For	instance,	we	have	designed	our	battery	pack	to	permit	flexibility	with	respect	to	battery
cell	chemistry	and	form	factor.	In	so	doing,	we	can	leverage	the	substantial	investments	and	advancements	being	made	globally	by	battery	cell	manufacturers	to	continue	to	improve	cost.	We	maintain	extensive	testing	and	R&D	capabilities	at	the
individual	cell	level,	the	full	battery-pack	level,	and	other	critical	battery	pack	systems.	As	a	result,	we	have	built	an	expansive	body	of	knowledge	on	lithium-ion	cell	vendors,	chemistry	types,	and	performance	characteristics.	We	believe	that	the
flexibility	of	our	designs,	combined	with	our	research	and	real-world	performance	data,	will	enable	us	to	continue	to	evaluate	new	battery	cells	as	they	become	commercially	viable,	and	thereby	optimize	battery	pack	system	performance	and	cost
for	our	current	and	future	vehicles.
Power	Electronics
The	power	electronics	in	our	electric	vehicle	powertrain	govern	the	flow	of	high	voltage	electrical	current	throughout	the	vehicle.	The	power	electronics	have	two	primary	functions,	powering	our	electric	motor	to	generate	torque
while	driving	and	delivering	energy	into	the	battery	pack	while	charging.
The	first	function	is	accomplished	through	the	drive	inverter,	which	converts	direct	current	(DC)	from	the	battery	pack	into	alternating	current	(AC)	to	drive	our	induction	motors.	The	drive	inverter	also	provides	“regenerative
braking”	functionality,	which	captures	energy	from	the	wheels	to	charge	the	battery	pack.	Tesla	has	developed	a	family	of	drive	inverter	designs	that	are	customized	to	our	proprietary	motor	designs	to	most	efficiently	meet	the	demands	of	each
of	our	vehicles.	The	primary	technological	advantages	to	our	designs	include	the	ability	to	drive	large	amounts	of	current	in	a	small	physical	package.
The	second	function,	charging	the	battery	pack,	is	accomplished	by	the	charger,	which	converts	alternating	current	(usually	from	a	wall	outlet	or	other	electricity	source)	into	direct	current	that	can	be	accepted	by	the	battery.	Tesla
vehicles	can	recharge	on	a	wide	variety	of	electricity	sources	due	to	the	design	of	this	charger,	from	a	common	household	outlet	to	high	power	circuits	meant	for	more	industrial	uses.	Tesla	vehicles	come	with	a	Universal	Mobile	Connector	that
allows	for	multiple	different	charging	services	to	be	used.	We	also	offer	a	Tesla	Wall	Connector	that	can	be	set	up	to	provide	higher	power	charging	than	the	Universal	Mobile	Connectors.
On	the	road,	customers	can	also	charge	using	our	Supercharger	network	or	at	a	variety	of	destinations	that	have	deployed	our	charging	equipment.	In	addition,	our	vehicles	can	charge	at	a	variety	of	public	charging	stations	around
the	world,	either	natively	or	through	a	suite	of	adapters.	This	flexibility	in	charging	provides	customers	with	additional	mobility,	while	also	allowing	them	to	conveniently	charge	the	vehicle	overnight	at	home.
Dual	Motor	Powertrain
In	October	2014,	we	launched	the	initial	version	of	our	dual	motor	powertrain,	which	uses	two	electric	motors	to	provide	greater	efficiency,	performance,	and	range	in	an	all-wheel	drive	configuration.	Conventional	all-wheel	drive
vehicles	distribute	power	to	the	wheels	from	a	single	engine	driving	a	complex	mechanical	transmission	system.	By	contrast,	Tesla’s	dual	motor	powertrain	digitally	and	independently	controls	torque	to	the	front	and	rear	wheels.	The	almost
instantaneous	response	of	the	motors,	combined	with	low	centers	of	gravity,	provides	drivers	with	controlled	performance	and	increased	traction	control.
Vehicle	Control	and	Infotainment	Software
The	performance	and	safety	systems	of	our	vehicles	and	their	battery	packs	require	sophisticated	control	software.	There	are	numerous	processors	in	our	vehicles	to	control	these	functions,	and	we	write	custom	firmware	for	many	of
these	processors.	The	flow	of	electricity	between	the	battery	pack	and	the	motor	must	be	tightly	controlled	in	order	to	deliver	the	performance	and	behavior	expected	in	an	automobile.	For	example,	software	algorithms	enable	the	vehicle	to
mimic	the	“creep”	feeling	which	drivers	expect	from	an	internal	combustion	engine	vehicle	without	having	to	apply	pressure	on	the	accelerator.	Similar	algorithms	control	traction,	vehicle	stability	and	the	sustained	acceleration	and	regenerative
braking	of	the	vehicle.	Software	also	is	used	extensively	to	monitor	the	charge	state	of	each	of	the	cells	of	the	battery	pack	and	to	manage	all	of	its	safety	systems.	Drivers	use	the	information	and	control	systems	in	our	vehicles	to	optimize
performance,	customize	vehicle	behavior,	manage	charging	modes	and	times	and	control	all	infotainment	functions.	We	develop	almost	all	of	this	software,	including	most	of	the	user	interfaces,	internally.
	
4	
Autopilot	Systems
We	have	developed	an	expertise	in	vehicle	autopilot	systems,	including	auto-steering,	traffic	aware	cruise	control,	lane	changing,	automated	parking	and	Summon	and	driver	warning	systems.	In	October	2014,	we	began	equipping	all
Model	S	vehicles	with	hardware	to	allow	for	the	incremental	introduction	of	autopilot	technology.	In	October	2016,	we	began	equipping	all	Tesla	vehicles	with	hardware	needed	for	full	self-driving	capability,	including	cameras	that	provide	360
degree	visibility,	updated	ultrasonic	sensors	for	object	detection,	a	forward-facing	radar	with	enhanced	processing,	and	a	powerful	new	onboard	computer.		Our	autopilot	systems	relieve	our	drivers	of	the	most	tedious	and	potentially	dangerous
aspects	of	road	travel.	Although,	at	present,	the	driver	is	ultimately	responsible	for	controlling	the	vehicle,	our	system	provides	safety	and	convenience	functionality	that	allows	our	customers	to	rely	on	it	much	like	the	system	that	airplane	pilots
use	when	conditions	permit.	This	hardware	suite,	along	with	over-the-air	firmware	updates	and	field	data	feedback	loops	from	the	onboard	camera,	radar,	ultrasonics,	and	GPS,	enables	the	system	to	continually	learn	and	improve	its
performance.		
Energy	Storage
We	are	leveraging	many	of	the	component	level	technologies	from	our	vehicles	to	advance	our	energy	storage	products,	including	high	density	energy	storage,	cooling,	safety,	charge	balancing,	structural	durability,	and	electronics
management.	By	taking	a	modular	approach	to	the	design	of	battery	systems,	we	are	able	to	maximize	manufacturing	capacity	to	produce	both	Powerwall	and	Powerpack	products.	Additionally,	we	are	making	significant	strides	in	the	area	of	bi-
directional,	grid-tied	power	electronics	that	enable	us	to	interconnect	our	battery	systems	seamlessly	with	global	electricity	grids	while	providing	fast-acting	systems	for	power	injection	and	absorption.
Solar	Energy	Systems
We	are	continually	innovating	and	developing	new	technologies	to	facilitate	the	growth	of	our	solar	energy	systems	business.	For	example,	the	solar	roof	is	being	designed	to	work	seamlessly	with	Tesla	Powerwall	2	and	we	have
developed	proprietary	software	to	reduce	system	design	and	installation	timelines	and	costs.
Design	and	Engineering
Vehicles
In	addition	to	the	design,	development	and	production	of	the	powertrain,	we	have	created	significant	in-house	capabilities	in	the	design	and	engineering	of	electric	vehicles	and	their	components	and	systems.	We	design	and	engineer
bodies,	chassis,	interiors,	heating	and	cooling	and	low	voltage	electrical	systems	in	house	and	to	a	lesser	extent	in	conjunction	with	our	suppliers.	Our	team	has	core	competencies	in	computer	aided	design	and	crash	test	simulations	which
reduces	the	product	development	time	of	new	models.
Additionally,	our	team	has	expertise	in	lightweight	materials,	a	very	important	characteristic	for	electric	vehicles	given	the	impact	of	mass	on	range.	Model	S	and	Model	X	are	built	with	a	lightweight	aluminum	body	and	chassis	which
incorporates	a	variety	of	materials	and	production	methods	that	help	optimize	the	weight	of	the	vehicle.
Energy	Storage
We	have	an	in-house	engineering	team	that	both	designs	our	energy	storage	products	themselves,	and	works	with	our	residential,	commercial	and	utility	customers	to	design	bespoke	systems	incorporating	our	products.		Our	team’s
expertise	in	electrical,	mechanical,	civil	and	software	engineering	enables	us	to	create	integrated	energy	storage	solutions	that	meet	the	particular	needs	of	all	customer	types.
Solar	Energy	Systems
We	also	have	an	in-house	engineering	team	that	designs	a	customized	solar	energy	system	for	each	of	our	customers,	and	which	works	closely	with	our	energy	storage	engineering	teams	to	integrate	an	energy	storage	system	when
requested	by	the	customer.	We	have	developed	software	that	simplifies	and	expedites	the	design	process	and	optimizes	the	design	to	maximize	the	energy	production	of	each	system.	Our	engineers	complete	a	structural	analysis	of	each	building
and	produce	a	full	set	of	structural	design	and	electrical	blueprints	that	contain	the	specifications	for	all	system	components.	Additionally,	we	design	complementary	mounting	and	grounding	hardware.
	
5	
Sales	and	Marketing
Vehicles
Company-Owned	Stores	and	Galleries
We	market	and	sell	our	vehicles	directly	to	consumers	through	an	international	network	of	company-owned	stores	and	galleries	which	we	believe	enables	us	to	better	control	costs	of	inventory,	manage	warranty	service	and	pricing,
maintain	and	strengthen	the	Tesla	brand,	and	obtain	rapid	customer	feedback.	Our	Tesla	stores	and	galleries	are	highly	visible,	premium	outlets	in	major	metropolitan	markets,	some	of	which	combine	retail	sales	and	service.	We	have	also	found
that	opening	a	service	center	in	a	new	geographic	area	can	increase	demand.	As	a	result,	we	have	complemented	our	store	strategy	with	sales	facilities	and	personnel	in	service	centers	to	more	rapidly	expand	our	retail	footprint.	We	refer	to
these	as	“Service	Plus”	locations.	Including	all	of	our	stores,	galleries,	Service	Plus	and	service	facilities,	we	operated	265	locations	around	the	world	as	of	December	31,	2016.
Tesla	Supercharger	Network
We	continue	to	build	a	network	of	fast	chargers,	each	called	a	Tesla	Supercharger,	throughout	North	America,	Europe,	Asia	and	other	markets	to	enable	convenient,	long-distance	travel.	Our	Supercharger	network	is	a	strategic
corporate	initiative	designed	to	provide	fast	charging	to	enable	long-distance	travel	and	remove	a	barrier	to	the	broader	adoption	of	electric	vehicles	caused	by	the	perception	of	limited	vehicle	range.	The	Tesla	Supercharger	is	an	industrial
grade,	high	speed	charger	designed	to	recharge	a	Tesla	vehicle	significantly	more	quickly	than	other	charging	options.	To	satisfy	growing	demand,	Supercharger	stations	typically	have	between	four	and	fourteen	Superchargers	and	are
strategically	placed	along	well-travelled	routes	to	allow	Tesla	vehicle	owners	the	ability	to	enjoy	long	distance	travel	with	convenient,	minimal	stops.	Use	of	the	Supercharger	network	is	either	free	or	requires	a	small	fee	to	Supercharge.	As	of
December	31,	2016,	we	had	790	Supercharger	stations	open	worldwide	and	plan	to	continue	expanding	the	Supercharger	network.
Destination	Charging
We	are	working	with	a	wide	variety	of	hospitality	locations,	including	hotels,	resorts	and	shopping	centers,	to	offer	an	additional	charging	option	for	our	customers.	These	destination	charging	partners	deploy	our	wall	connectors	and
provide	charging	to	Tesla	vehicle	owners	that	patronize	their	businesses.	As	of	December	31,	2016,	over	4,140	locations	around	the	world	had	more	than	7,110	Tesla	wall	connectors	installed.
Orders	and	Reservations
We	typically	carry	a	small	inventory	of	our	vehicles	at	our	Tesla	stores	which	are	available	for	immediate	sale.	The	majority	of	our	customers,	however,	customize	their	vehicle	by	placing	an	order	with	us	via	the	Internet.	To	begin
production	or	make	a	reservation,	we	require	an	initial	payment	which	is	collected	once	the	customer	has	selected	the	vehicle	specifications	and	has	entered	into	a	purchase	agreement.	We	require	all	remaining	payment	of	the	vehicle	purchase
price	upon	vehicle	delivery	to	the	customer.
Marketing
Historically,	we	have	been	able	to	generate	significant	media	coverage	of	our	company	and	our	vehicles,	and	we	believe	we	will	continue	to	do	so.	To	date,	for	vehicle	sales,	media	coverage	and	word	of	mouth	have	been	the	primary
drivers	of	our	sales	leads	and	have	helped	us	achieve	sales	without	traditional	advertising	and	at	relatively	low	marketing	costs.
Energy	Storage
We	market	and	sell	our	energy	storage	products	to	individuals,	commercial	and	industrial	customers	and	utilities	through	a	variety	of	channels.		Powerwall	2	appears	in	many	of	our	stores	and	galleries	worldwide,	which	generates
interest	in	the	product.		In	the	U.S.,	we	also	use	our	national	sales	organization,	channel	partner	network	and	customer	referral	program	to	market	and	sell	Powerwall	2.	Outside	of	the	U.S.,	we	use	our	international	sales	organization	and	a
network	of	channel	partners	to	market	and	sell	Powerwall	2.		We	also	sell	Powerwall	2	directly	to	utilities	who	act	as	a	channel	to	their	end-customers.		We	sell	Powerpack	systems	to	utility	and	commercial	customers	through	our	international
sales	organization,	which	consists	of	experienced	power	industry	professionals	in	all	of	our	target	markets,	as	well	as	a	channel	partner	network.		
Solar	Energy	Systems
We	sell	our	solar	products	and	services	through	a	national	sales	organization	that	includes	specialized	internal	call	centers,	outside	sales	force,	a	channel	partner	network	and	a	robust	customer	referral	program.		In	the	first	quarter	of
2017,	we	also	began	offering	our	solar	products	and	services	in	select	Tesla	stores.
	
6	
Service	and	Warranty
Vehicles
Service
We	provide	service	for	our	electric	vehicles	at	our	company-owned	service	centers,	at	our	Service	Plus	locations	or,	in	certain	areas	for	an	additional	charge,	through	Tesla	Ranger	mobile	technicians	who	provide	services	that	do	not
require	a	vehicle	lift.	We	owned	and	operated	135	service	locations	as	of	December	31,	2016.
Our	vehicles	are	designed	with	the	capability	to	wirelessly	upload	data	to	us	via	an	on-board	system	with	cellular	connectivity,	allowing	us	to	diagnose	and	remedy	many	problems	before	ever	looking	at	the	vehicle.	When	maintenance
or	service	is	required,	a	customer	can	schedule	service	by	contacting	one	of	our	Tesla	service	centers.	Our	Tesla	Rangers	can	also	perform	an	array	of	services	from	the	convenience	of	a	customer’s	home	or	other	remote	location.
Our	company-owned	service	centers	enable	our	technicians	to	work	closely	with	our	engineers	and	research	and	development	teams	in	Silicon	Valley	to	identify	problems,	find	solutions,	and	incorporate	improvements	faster	than
incumbent	automobile	manufacturers.
New	Vehicle	Limited	Warranty,	Maintenance	and	Extended	Service	Plans
We	provide	a	four	year	or	50,000	mile	New	Vehicle	Limited	Warranty	with	every	new	vehicle,	subject	to	separate	limited	warranties	for	the	supplemental	restraint	system	and	battery	and	drive	unit.	For	the	battery	and	drive	unit	on
our	current	new	vehicles,	we	offer	an	eight	year,	infinite	mile	warranty,	although	the	battery’s	charging	capacity	is	not	covered.
In	addition	to	the	New	Vehicle	Limited	Warranty,	we	offer	a	comprehensive	maintenance	program	for	every	new	vehicle,	which	includes	plans	covering	prepaid	maintenance	for	up	to	four	years	or	up	to	50,000	miles	and	an	Extended
Service	plan.	The	maintenance	plans	cover	annual	inspections	and	the	replacement	of	wear	and	tear	parts,	excluding	tires	and	the	battery.	The	Extended	Service	plan	covers	the	repair	or	replacement	of	vehicle	parts	for	up	to	an	additional	four
years	or	up	to	an	additional	50,000	miles	after	the	New	Vehicle	Limited	Warranty.
Our	New	Vehicle	Limited	Warranty	and	Extended	Service	plans	are	subject	to	certain	limitations,	exclusions	or	separate	warranties,	including	on	certain	wear	items,	such	as	tires,	brake	pads,	paint	and	general	appearance,	and	battery
performance,	and	are	intended	to	cover	parts	and	labor	to	repair	defects	in	material	or	workmanship	in	the	body,	chassis,	suspension,	interior,	electronic	systems,	battery,	powertrain	and	brake	system.	In	addition,	all	prepaid	maintenance	and
Extended	Service	plans	must	be	purchased	within	a	specified	period	of	time	after	vehicle	purchase	or	warranty	expiration.
Energy	Storage
We	generally	provide	a	ten	year	“no	defect”	and	“energy	retention”	warranty	with	every	Powerwall	2	and	Powerpack	2.		For	Powerwall	2,	the	energy	retention	warranty	involves	us	guaranteeing	that	the	energy	capacity	of	the	product
will	be	70%	or	80%	(depending	on	the	region	of	installation)	of	its	nameplate	capacity	after	10	years	of	use.		For	Powerpack	2,	the	energy	retention	warranty	involves	us	guaranteeing	a	minimum	energy	capacity	in	each	of	its	first	10	years	of	use,
subject	to	specified	throughput	caps.	In	addition,	we	offer	certain	extended	warranties,	which	customers	are	able	to	purchase	from	us	at	the	time	they	purchase	an	energy	storage	system,	including	a	20	year	extended	protection	plan	for
Powerwall	2	and	a	10	or	20	year	“capacity	maintenance	agreement”	for	Powerpack	2.		We	agree	to	repair	or	replace	our	energy	storage	products	in	the	event	of	a	valid	warranty	claim.		In	circumstances	where	we	install	a	Powerwall	2	or
Powerpack	2	system,	we	also	provide	warranties,	
generally
	
ranging	from	one	to	four	years,	on	our	installation	workmanship.	All	of	the	warranties	for	our	energy	storage	systems	are	subject	to	customary	limitations	and	exclusions.				
Solar	Energy	Systems
We	generally	provide	warranties	of	between	ten	to	30	years	on	the	generating	and	non-generating	parts	of	the	solar	energy	systems	we	sell,	together	with	a	pass-through	of	the	inverter	and	module	manufacturers’	warranties	that
generally	range	from	five	to	30	years.	Where	we	sell	the	electricity	generated	by	a	solar	energy	system,	we	compensate	customers	if	their	system	produces	less	energy	over	a	specified	performance	period	than	our	guarantee.	We	also	provide
ongoing	service	and	repair	during	the	entire	term	of	the	customer	relationship.
Financial	Services
Vehicles
We	offer	loans	and	leases	for	our	vehicles	in	North	America,	Europe	and	Asia	primarily	through	various	financial	institutions.	We	also	offer	financing	arrangements	directly	through	our	local	subsidiaries	in	certain	areas	of	the	United
States,	Germany,	Canada	and	the	UK.	We	intend	to	broaden	our	financial	services	offerings	during	the	next	few	years.
	
7	
Certain	of	our	current	financing	programs	outside	of	North	America	provide	customers	with	a	resale	value	guarantee	under	which	those	customers	have	the	option	of	selling	their	vehicle	back	to	us	at	a	preset	future	date,	generally
during	the	period	of	36	to	39	months	following	delivery	for	a	pre-determined	resale	value.	In	certain	markets,	we	also	offer	resale	value	guarantees	to	financial	institutions	which	may	obligate	us	to	repurchase	the	vehicles	for	a	pre-determined
price.
Energy	Storage
Through	our	acquisition	of	SolarCity,	we	are	able	to	use	available	financial	instruments	in	the	U.S.	to	offer	a	loan	product	for	energy	storage	systems	to	end-customers,	particularly	when	combined	with	a	new	solar	installation	to	take
advantage	of	available	tax	credits	and	incentives	to	reduce	the	cost	to	customer.
Solar	Energy	Systems
We	are	an	industry	leader	in	offering	innovative	financing	alternatives	that	allow	our	customers	to	make	the	switch	to	solar	energy	with	little	to	no	upfront	costs	under	our	SolarLease	and	Solar	PPA,	or	to	take	direct	advantage	of
available	tax	credits	and	incentives	to	reduce	the	cost	of	owning	a	solar	energy	system	through	a	SolarLoan.	Our	SolarLease,	offers	customers	a	fixed	monthly	fee	at	rates	that	typically	translate	into	lower	monthly	utility	bills	with	an	electricity
production	guarantee.	Our	SolarPPA	charges	customers	a	fee	per	kWh	based	on	the	amount	of	electricity	produced	by	our	solar	energy	systems	at	rates	typically	lower	than	their	local	utility	rate.	Both	our	SolarLease	and	SolarPPA	create	high-
quality,	recurring	customer	payments	that	we	monetize	through	financing	funds	we	have	formed	with	fund	investors	and	by	leveraging	the	value	of	our	interests.	In	addition,	our	Solar	Loan	offers	third-party	financing	directly	to	a	qualified
customer	to	enable	the	customer	to	purchase	and	own	a	solar	energy	system	installed	by	us.	We	are	not	a	party	to	the	loan	agreement	between	the	customer	and	the	third-party	lender,	and	the	third-party	lender	has	no	recourse	against	us	with
respect	to	the	loan.
Manufacturing
Vehicles
We	conduct	vehicle	manufacturing	and	assembly	operations	at	our	facilities	in	Fremont,	California;	Lathrop,	California;	and	Tilburg,	Netherlands.	We	are	also	building	a	cell	and	battery	manufacturing	facility,	Gigafactory	1,	outside	of
Reno,	Nevada.
The	Tesla	Factory	in	Fremont,	CA	and	Manufacturing	Facility	in	Lathrop,	CA
We	manufacture	the	Model	S	and	Model	X,	and	certain	components	that	are	critical	to	our	intellectual	property	and	quality	standards,	at	the	Tesla	Factory.	We	will	also	manufacture	Model	3	at	the	Tesla	Factory.		The	Tesla	Factory
contains	several	manufacturing	operations,	including	stamping,	machining,	casting,	plastics,	body	assembly,	paint	operations,	drive	unit	production,	final	vehicle	assembly	and	end-of-line	testing.	In	addition,	we	manufacture	lithium-ion	battery
packs,	electric	motors,	gearboxes	and	components	for	our	vehicles	at	the	Tesla	Factory.	Some	major	vehicle	component	systems	are	purchased	from	suppliers;	however	we	have	a	high	level	of	vertical	integration	in	our	manufacturing	processes
at	the	Tesla	Factory.	We	machine	various	aluminum	components	at	our	facility	in	Lathrop,	California	and	are	nearing	completion	of	a	site	expansion	to	include	an	aluminum	castings	operation.
In	some	areas	of	the	Tesla	Factory,	we	have	designed	our	investments	with	flexibility	to	accommodate	multiple	products.	For	example,	our	new	high	volume	paint	shop	and	new	stamping	lines	can	support	Model	S,	Model	X	and	Model
3.	Our	final	vehicle	assembly	line	is	producing	both	Model	S	and	Model	X.	We	also	continue	to	make	significant	additional	investments	at	the	Tesla	Factory	to	be	able	to	start	production	and	deliveries	of	Model	3,	in	the	second	half	of	2017.	These
investments	include	a	new	body	assembly	shop	and	Model	3	final	vehicle	assembly.
The	Netherlands
Our	European	headquarters	and	manufacturing	facilities	are	located	in	Amsterdam	and	Tilburg.	The	entities	through	which	these	facilities	are	operated	hold	the	rights	to	manufacture	and	distribute	all	Tesla	products	to	customers	in
all	markets	outside	of	the	United	States	and	provide	corporate	oversight	functions	for	European	sales,	service,	and	administrative	functions.	Our	operations	in	Tilburg	include	final	assembly,	testing	and	quality	control	for	vehicles	delivered	within
the	European	Union,	a	parts	distribution	warehouse	for	service	centers	throughout	Europe,	a	center	for	remanufacturing	work	and	a	customer	service	center.
	
8	
Gigafactory	1	outside	of	Reno,	Nevada
We	are	developing	Gigafactory	1	as	a	facility	where	we	work	together	with	our	suppliers	to	integrate	battery	material,	cell,	module	and	battery	pack	production	in	one	location.	We	plan	to	use	the	battery	packs	manufactured	at
Gigafactory	1	for	our	vehicles,	including	Model	3	and	energy	storage	products.	We	broke	ground	on	Gigafactory	1	in	June	2014,	began	assembling	our	energy	storage	products	in	the	fourth	quarter	of	2015,	and	began	production	of	lithium-ion
battery	cells	for	our	energy	storage	products	in	the	first	quarter	of	2017.		We	also	intend	to	manufacture	Model	3	drive	units	at	Gigafactory	1.
Gigafactory	1	is	being	built	in	phases	so	that	Tesla,	Panasonic,	and	other	partners	can	begin	manufacturing	immediately	inside	the	finished	sections	and	continue	to	expand	thereafter.	Gigafactory	1	is	currently	expected	to	attain	full
production	capacity	by	2020,	which	is	anticipated	to	be	sufficient	for	the	production	of	approximately	500,000	vehicles	annually	as	well	as	for	the	production	of	our	energy	storage	products.
We	believe	that	Gigafactory	1	will	allow	us	to	achieve	a	significant	reduction	in	the	cost	of	our	battery	packs	once	we	are	in	volume	production	with	Model	3.		We	have	committed	to	invest	heavily	on	capital	expenditures	for
Gigafactory	1.		Panasonic	has	agreed	to	partner	with	us	on	Gigafactory	1	with	investments	in	production	equipment	that	it	will	use	to	manufacture	and	supply	us	with	battery	cells.	We	have	agreed	to	prepare	and	provide	the	land,	buildings	and
utilities,	to	invest	in	production	equipment	for	battery	module	and	pack	production	and	to	be	responsible	for	the	overall	management	of	Gigafactory	1.
Supply	Chain
Our	vehicles	use	thousands	of	purchased	parts	which	we	source	globally	from	hundreds	of	suppliers.	We	have	developed	close	relationships	with	several	key	suppliers	particularly	in	the	procurement	of	cells	and	certain	other	key
system	parts.	While	we	obtain	components	from	multiple	sources	in	some	cases,	similar	to	other	automobile	manufacturers,	many	of	the	components	used	in	our	vehicles	are	purchased	by	us	from	a	single	source.	In	addition,	while	several
sources	of	the	battery	cell	we	have	selected	for	our	battery	packs	are	available,	we	have	currently	fully	qualified	only	one	cell	supplier	for	the	battery	packs	we	use	in	our	production	vehicles.	We	are	working	to	fully	qualify	additional	cells	from
other	manufacturers.
We	use	various	raw	materials	in	our	business	including	aluminum,	steel,	cobalt,	lithium,	nickel	and	copper.	The	prices	for	these	raw	materials	fluctuate	depending	on	market	conditions	and	global	demand	for	these	materials.	We
believe	that	we	have	adequate	supplies	or	sources	of	availability	of	the	raw	materials	necessary	to	meet	our	manufacturing	and	supply	requirements.
Energy	Storage
Our	energy	storage	products	are	manufactured	at	Gigafactory	1.		We	leverage	the	same	supply	chain	process	and	infrastructure	as	we	use	for	our	vehicles.		The	battery	architecture	and	many	of	the	components	used	in	our	energy
storage	products	are	the	same	or	similar	to	those	used	in	our	vehicles’	battery	pack,	enabling	us	to	take	advantage	of	manufacturing	efficiencies	and	supply	chain	economies	of	scale.		The	power	electronics	and	grid-tie	inverter	for	the	Powerwall
and	Powerpack	systems	are	also	manufactured	at	Gigafactory	1,	allowing	us	to	ship	deployment-ready	systems	directly	from	Gigafactory	1.
Solar	Energy	Systems
We	currently	purchase	major	components	such	as	solar	panels	and	inverters	directly	from	multiple	manufacturers.	We	typically	purchase	solar	panels	and	inverters	on	an	as-needed	basis	from	our	suppliers	at	then-prevailing	prices
pursuant	to	purchase	orders	issued	under	our	master	contractual	arrangements.	In	December	2016,	we	entered	into	a	long-term	agreement	with	Panasonic	to	manufacture	photovoltaic	(PV)	cells	at	our	Gigafactory	2	in	Buffalo,	New	York,	with
negotiated	pricing	provisions	and	the	intent	to	manufacture	1	gigawatt	of	solar	panels	annually.
Governmental	Programs,	Incentives	and	Regulations
Vehicles
California	Alternative	Energy	and	Advanced	Transportation	Financing	Authority	Tax	Incentives
We	have	entered	into	multiple	agreements	over	the	past	few	years	with	the	California	Alternative	Energy	and	Advanced	Transportation	Financing	Authority	(CAEATFA)	that	provide	multi-year	sales	tax	exclusions	on	purchases	of
manufacturing	equipment	that	will	be	used	for	specific	purposes	including	the	expansion	and	ongoing	development	of	Model	S,	Model	X,	Model	3	and	future	electric	vehicles	and	expansion	of	electric	vehicle	powertrain	production	in	California.
We	estimate	the	combined	tax	savings	under	these	agreements	will	be	approximately	$198	million,	of	which	$100	million	has	been	realized	as	of	December	31,	2016.
	
9	
Nevada	Tax	Incentives
In	connection	with	the	construction	of	Gigafactory	1	in	Nevada,	we	have	entered	into	agreements	with	the	State	of	Nevada	and	Storey	County	in	Nevada	that	will	provide	abatements	for	sales	and	use	taxes,	real	and	personal	property
taxes,	and	employer	excise	taxes,	discounts	to	the	base	tariff	energy	rates,	and	transferable	tax	credits.	These	incentives	are	available	for	the	applicable	periods	ending	on	June	30,	2034,	subject	to	capital	investments	by	Tesla	and	its	partners	for
Gigafactory	1	of	at	least	$3.5	billion	in	the	aggregate	on	or	before	June	30,	2024,	and	certain	other	conditions	specified	in	the	agreements.	If	we	do	not	satisfy	one	or	more	conditions	under	the	agreements,	Tesla	will	be	required	to	repay	to	the
respective	taxing	authorities	the	amounts	of	the	tax	incentives	incurred,	plus	interest.
Tesla	Regulatory	Credits
In	connection	with	the	production,	delivery	and	placement	into	service	of	our	zero	emission	vehicles,	charging	infrastructure	and	solar	systems	in	global	markets,	we	have	earned	and	will	continue	to	earn	various	tradable	regulatory
credits.	We	have	sold	these	credits,	and	will	continue	to	sell	future	credits,	to	automotive	companies	and	regulated	entities.		For	example,	under	California’s	Zero-Emission	Vehicle	Regulation	and	those	of	states	that	have	adopted	California’s
standard,	vehicle	manufacturers	are	required	to	earn	or	purchase	credits	for	compliance	with	their	annual	regulatory	requirements.	These	laws	provide	that	automakers	may	bank	excess	credits,	referred	to	as	ZEV	credits,	if	they	earn	more
credits	than	the	minimum	quantity	required	by	those	laws.		Manufacturers	with	a	surplus	of	credits	may	sell	their	credits	to	other	regulated	parties.		Pursuant	to	the	U.S.	Environmental	Protection	Agency’s	(EPA)	national	greenhouse	gas	(GHG)
emission	standards	and	similar	standards	adopted	by	the	Canadian	government,	car	and	truck	manufacturers	are	required	to	meet	fleet-wide	average	carbon	dioxide	emissions	standards.	Manufacturers	may	sell	excess	credits	to	other
manufacturers,	who	can	use	the	credits	to	comply	with	these	regulatory	requirements.	Many	U.S.	states	have	also	adopted	procurement	requirements	for	renewable	energy	production.		These	requirements	enable	companies	deploying	solar
energy	to	earn	tradable	credits	known	as	Solar	Renewable	Energy	Certificates	(SRECs).
Regulation—Vehicle	Safety	and	Testing
Our	vehicles	are	subject	to,	and	comply	with	or	are	otherwise	exempt	from,	numerous	regulatory	requirements	established	by	NHTSA,	including	all	applicable	United	States	Federal	Motor	Vehicle	Safety	Standards	(FMVSS).	Model	S
and	Model	X	fully	comply	with	all	FMVSSs	without	the	need	for	any	exemptions,	and	we	expect	future	Tesla	vehicles	to	also	fully	comply.
As	a	manufacturer,	we	must	self-certify	that	our	vehicles	meet	all	applicable	FMVSS,	as	well	as	the	NHTSA	bumper	standard,	or	otherwise	are	exempt,	before	the	vehicles	can	be	imported	or	sold	in	the	United	States.	Numerous
FMVSS	apply	to	our	vehicles,	such	as	crash-worthiness	requirements,	crash	avoidance	requirements,	and	electric	vehicle	requirements.	We	are	also	required	to	comply	with	other	federal	laws	administered	by	NHTSA,	including	the	CAFE
standards,	Theft	Prevention	Act	requirements,	consumer	information	labeling	requirements,	Early	Warning	Reporting	requirements	regarding	warranty	claims,	field	reports,	death	and	injury	reports	and	foreign	recalls,	and	owner’s	manual
requirements.
The	Automobile	Information	and	Disclosure	Act	requires	manufacturers	of	motor	vehicles	to	disclose	certain	information	regarding	the	manufacturer’s	suggested	retail	price,	optional	equipment	and	pricing.	In	addition,	this	law	allows
inclusion	of	city	and	highway	fuel	economy	ratings,	as	determined	by	EPA,	as	well	as	crash	test	ratings	as	determined	by	NHTSA	if	such	tests	are	conducted.
Our	vehicles	sold	in	outside	of	the	U.S.	are	subject	to	foreign	safety	testing	regulations.	Many	of	those	regulations	are	different	from	the	federal	motor	vehicle	safety	standards	applicable	in	the	United	States	and	may	require	redesign
and/or	retesting.
Regulation—Battery	Safety	and	Testing
Our	battery	pack	conforms	to	mandatory	regulations	that	govern	transport	of	“dangerous	goods”,	defined	to	include	lithium-ion	batteries,	which	may	present	a	risk	in	transportation.	The	regulations	vary	by	mode	of	shipping
transportation,	such	as	by	ocean	vessel,	rail,	truck,	or	air.	We	have	completed	the	applicable	transportation	tests	for	our	battery	packs,	demonstrating	our	compliance	with	applicable	regulations.
We	use	lithium	metal	oxide	cells	in	our	high	voltage	battery	packs.	The	cells	do	not	contain	any	lead,	mercury,	cadmium,	other	hazardous	materials,	heavy	metals,	or	toxic	materials.	Our	battery	packs	include	certain	packaging
materials	that	contain	trace	amounts	of	hazardous	chemicals	whose	use,	storage,	and	disposal	is	regulated	under	federal	law.	We	currently	have	an	agreement	with	a	third	party	battery	recycling	company	to	recycle	our	battery	packs.
	
10	
Automobile	Manufacturer	and	Dealer	Regulation
State	laws	regulate	the	manufacture,	distribution,	and	sale	of	automobiles,	and	generally	require	motor	vehicle	manufacturers	and	dealers	to	be	licensed	in	order	to	sell	vehicles	directly	to	consumers	in	the	state.	As	we	open	additional
Tesla	stores	and	service	centers,	we	secure	dealer	licenses	(or	their	equivalent)	and	engage	in	sales	activities	to	sell	our	vehicles	directly	to	consumers.	A	few	states,	such	as	Michigan	and	Connecticut,	do	not	permit	automobile	manufacturers	to
be	licensed	as	dealers	or	to	act	in	the	capacity	of	a	dealer,	or	otherwise	restrict	a	manufacturer’s	ability	to	deliver	or	service	vehicles.	To	sell	vehicles	to	residents	of	states	where	we	are	not	licensed	as	a	dealer,	we	generally	conduct	the	sale	out
of	the	state	via	the	internet,	phone	or	mail.	In	such	states,	we	have	opened	“galleries”	that	serve	an	educational	purpose	and	are	not	retail	locations.
As	we	expand	our	retail	footprint	in	the	United	States,	some	automobile	dealer	trade	associations	have	both	challenged	the	legality	of	our	operations	in	court	and	used	administrative	and	legislative	processes	to	attempt	to	prohibit	or
limit	our	ability	to	operate	existing	stores	or	expand	to	new	locations.		We	expect	that	the	dealer	associations	will	continue	to	mount	challenges	to	our	business	model.	In	addition,	we	expect	the	dealer	associations	to	actively	lobby	state	licensing
agencies	and	legislators	to	interpret	existing	laws	or	enact	new	laws	in	ways	not	favorable	to	Tesla’s	ownership	and	operation	of	its	own	retail	and	service	locations,	and	we	intend	to	actively	fight	any	such	efforts	to	limit	our	ability	to	sell	our
own	vehicles.
While	we	have	analyzed	the	principal	laws	in	the	U.S.,	EU,	China,	Japan,	UK,	and	Australia	relating	to	our	distribution	model	and	believe	we	comply	with	such	laws,	we	have	not	performed	a	complete	analysis	of	all	jurisdictions	in
which	we	may	sell	vehicles.	Accordingly,	there	may	be	laws	in	certain	jurisdictions	that	may	restrict	our	sales	and	service	operations.
Energy	Storage
The	regulatory	regime	for	energy	storage	projects	is	still	under	development.		Nevertheless,	there	are	various	policies,	incentives	and	financial	mechanisms	at	the	federal,	state	and	local	level	that	support	the	adoption	of	energy
storage.		For	example,	energy	storage	systems	that	are	charged	using	solar	energy	are	eligible	for	the	30%	tax	credit	under	Section	48(a)(3)	of	the	Internal	Revenue	Code,	or	the	IRC,	as	described	below.		In	addition,	California	and	a	number	of
other	states	have	adopted	procurement	targets	for	energy	storage,	and	behind	the	meter	energy	storage	systems	qualify	for	funding	under	the	California	Self	Generation	Incentive	Program.
The	Federal	Energy	Regulatory	Commission	(FERC)	has	also	taken	steps	to	enable	the	participation	of	energy	storage	in	wholesale	energy	markets.	In	2011	and	2013,	FERC	removed	many	barriers	for	systems	like	energy	storage	to
provide	frequency	regulation	service,	thus	increasing	the	value	these	systems	can	obtain	in	wholesale	energy	markets.	More	recently,	in	late	2016,	FERC	released	a	Notice	of	Proposed	Rulemaking	that,	if	it	becomes	a	final	rule,	would	further
break	down	barriers	preventing	energy	storage	from	fully	participating	in	wholesale	energy	markets.		Finally,	in	January	2017,	FERC	issued	a	statement	supporting	the	use	of	energy	storage	as	both	electric	transmission	and	as	electric
generation	concurrently,	thus	enabling	energy	storage	systems	to	provide	greater	value	to	the	electric	grid.
Solar	Energy	Systems
Government	and	Utility	Programs	and	Incentives
U.S.	federal,	state	and	local	governments	have	established	various	policies,	incentives	and	financial	mechanisms	to	reduce	the	cost	of	solar	energy	and	to	accelerate	the	adoption	of	solar	energy.	These	incentives	include	tax	credits,
cash	grants,	tax	abatements	and	rebates.
The	federal	government	currently	provides	an	uncapped	investment	tax	credit,	or	Federal	ITC,	under	two	sections	of	the	IRC:	Section	48	and	Section	25D.	Section	48(a)(3)	of	the	IRC	allows	a	taxpayer	to	claim	a	credit	of	30%	of
qualified	expenditures	for	a	commercial	solar	energy	system	that	commences	construction	by	December	31,	2019.	The	credit	then	declines	to	26%	in	2020,	22%	in	2021,	and	a	permanent	10%	thereafter.	We	claim	the	Section	48	commercial
credit	when	available	for	both	our	residential	and	commercial	projects,	based	on	ownership	of	the	solar	energy	system.	The	federal	government	also	provides	accelerated	depreciation	for	eligible	commercial	solar	energy	systems.	Section	25D	of
the	IRC	allows	a	homeowner-taxpayer	to	claim	a	credit	of	30%	of	qualified	expenditures	for	a	residential	solar	energy	system	owned	by	the	homeowner	that	is	placed	in	service	by	December	31,	2019.The	credit	then	declines	to	26%	in	2020	and
22%	in	2021,	and	is	scheduled	to	expire	thereafter.	Customers	who	purchase	their	solar	energy	systems	for	cash	or	through	our	Solar	Loan	are	eligible	to	claim	the	Section	25D	investment	tax	credit.
In	addition	to	the	Federal	ITC,	many	U.S.	states	offer	personal	and	corporate	tax	credits	and	incentive	available	for	solar	energy	systems.
Regulation	–General
We	are	not	a	“regulated	utility”	in	the	U.S.	To	operate	our	systems,	we	obtain	interconnection	agreements	from	the	utilities.	In	almost	all	cases,	interconnection	agreements	are	standard	form	agreements	that	have	been	pre-approved
by	the	public	utility	commission	or	other	regulatory	body.
	
11	
Sales	of	electricity	and	non-sale	equipment	leases	by	third	parties,	such	as	our	SolarLeases	and	SolarPPAs,	face	regulatory	challenges	in	some	states	and	jurisdictions.
Regulation	–	Net	Metering
Forty-one	states,	Washington,	D.C.	and	Puerto	Rico	have	a	regulatory	policy	known	as	net	energy	metering,	or	net	metering,	available	to	new	solar	customers.	Net	metering	typically	allows	solar	customers	to	interconnect	their	on-site
solar	energy	systems	to	the	utility	grid	and	offset	their	utility	electricity	purchases	by	receiving	a	bill	credit	for	excess	energy	generated	by	their	solar	energy	system	that	is	exported	to	the	grid.	Each	of	the	states	where	we	currently	serve
customers	has	adopted	a	net	metering	policy	except	for	Texas,	where	certain	individual	utilities	have	adopted	net	metering	or	a	policy	similar	to	net	metering.	
In	certain	jurisdictions,	regulators	or	utilities	have	reduced	or	eliminated	the	benefit
available	under	net	metering,	or	have	proposed	to	do	so.
Regulation	–	Mandated	Renewable	Capacity
Many	states	also	have	adopted	procurement	requirements	for	renewable	energy	production,	such	as	an	enforceable	renewable	portfolio	standard,	or	RPS,	or	other	policies	that	require	covered	entities	to	procure	a	specified	percentage
of	total	electricity	delivered	to	customers	in	the	state	from	eligible	renewable	energy	sources,	such	as	solar	energy	systems.	To	prove	compliance	with	such	mandates,	utilities	typically	must	surrender	renewable	energy	certificates.	A	solar
renewable	energy	certificate,	or	SREC,	is	a	tradable	credit	that	represents	all	of	the	clean	energy	benefits	of	electricity	generated	from	a	solar	energy	system.	Every	time	a	solar	energy	system	generates	1,000	kWh	of	electricity,	one	SREC	is
issued	or	minted	by	a	government	agency.	The	SREC	can	then	be	sold	or	traded	separately	from	the	energy	produced,	generally	through	brokers	and	dealers	facilitating	individually	negotiated	bilateral	arrangements.
Competition
Vehicles
The	worldwide	automotive	market,	particularly	for	alternative	fuel	vehicles,	is	highly	competitive	today	and	we	expect	it	will	become	even	more	so	in	the	future	as	we	introduce	additional,	lower	priced	vehicles	such	as	our	Model	3,
and	as	we	introduce	other	types	of	vehicles.
We	believe	the	primary	competitive	factors	in	our	markets	include	but	are	not	limited	to:
	
•
technological	innovation;
	
•
product	quality	and	safety;
	
•
service	options;
	
•
product	performance;
	
•
design	and	styling;
	
•
brand	perception;
	
•
product	price;	and
	
•
manufacturing	efficiency.
We	believe	that	our	vehicles	compete	in	the	market	both	based	on	their	traditional	segment	classification	as	well	as	based	on	their	propulsion	technology.	For	example,	Model	S	and	Model	X	compete	primarily	in	the	extremely
competitive	premium	sedan	and	premium	SUV	markets	with	internal	combustion	vehicles	from	more	established	automobile	manufacturers,	including	Audi,	BMW,	Lexus	and	Mercedes,	and	Model	3	will	compete	with	small	to	medium-sized
sedans	from	manufacturers	including	Audi,	BMW,	Lexus,	Mercedes,	Honda	and	Toyota.	Our	vehicles	also	compete	with	vehicles	propelled	by	alternative	fuels,	principally	electricity.
Many	established	and	new	automobile	manufacturers	have	entered	or	have	announced	plans	to	enter	the	alternative	fuel	vehicle	market.	Overall,	we	believe	these	announcements	and	vehicle	introductions	promote	the	development	of
the	alternative	fuel	vehicle	market	by	highlighting	the	attractiveness	of	alternative	fuel	vehicles,	particularly	those	fueled	by	electricity,	relative	to	the	internal	combustion	vehicle.	BMW,	Daimler,	Nissan,	Fiat,	Ford,	General	Motors	and
Mitsubishi,	among	others,	have	electric	vehicles	available	today,	and	other	current	and	prospective	automobile	manufacturers	are	also	developing	electric	vehicles.	Electric	vehicles	have	also	already	been	brought	to	market	in	China	and	other
foreign	countries	and	we	expect	a	number	of	those	manufacturers	to	enter	the	United	States	market	as	well.	In	addition,	several	manufacturers,	including	General	Motors,	Toyota,	Ford,	and	Honda,	are	each	selling	hybrid	vehicles,	including	plug-
in	versions	of	their	hybrid	vehicles.
	
12	
Energy	Storage
The	market	for	energy	storage	products	is	also	highly	competitive.		Established	companies,	such	as	AES	Energy	Storage,	LG	Chem	and	Samsung,	as	well	as	various	emerging	companies,	have	introduced	products	that	are	similar	to	our
product	portfolio.		There	are	several	companies	providing	individual	components	of	energy	storage	systems	(such	as	cells,	battery	modules,	and	power	electronics)	as	well	as	others	providing	integrated	systems.		We	compete	with	these
companies	on	price,	energy	density	and	efficiency.		We	believe	that	the	superior	specifications	of	our	products,	our	strong	brand,	and	the	modular,	scalable	nature	of	our	Powerpack	2	product	give	us	a	competitive	advantage	when	marketing	our
products.
Solar	Energy	Systems
The	primary	competitors	to	our	solar	energy	business	are	the	traditional	local	utility	companies	that	supply	energy	to	our	potential	customers.	We	compete	with	these	traditional	utility	companies	primarily	based	on	price,	predictability
of	price	and	the	ease	by	which	customers	can	switch	to	electricity	generated	by	our	solar	energy	systems	rather	than	fossil	fuel	based	alternatives.		We	also	compete	with	solar	energy	companies	that	provide	products	and	services	in	distinct
segments	of	solar	energy	and	energy-related	products.	Many	solar	energy	companies	only	install	solar	energy	systems,	while	others	only	provide	financing	for	these	installations.		In	the	residential	solar	energy	system	installation	market,	our
primary	competitors	include	Vivint	Solar	Inc.,	Sunrun	Inc.,	Trinity	Solar,	Sungevity,	Inc.,	and	many	smaller	local	solar	companies.
Intellectual	Property
As	part	of	our	business,	we	seek	to	protect	our	intellectual	property	rights	such	as	with	respect	to	patents,	trademarks,	copyrights,	trade	secrets,	including	through	employee	and	third	party	nondisclosure	agreements,	and	other
contractual	arrangements.	Additionally,	we	previously	announced	a	patent	policy	in	which	we	irrevocably	pledged	that	we	will	not	initiate	a	lawsuit	against	any	party	for	infringing	our	patents	through	activity	relating	to	electric	vehicles	or
related	equipment	for	so	long	as	such	party	is	acting	in	good	faith.	We	made	this	pledge	in	order	to	encourage	the	advancement	of	a	common,	rapidly-evolving	platform	for	electric	vehicles,	thereby	benefiting	ourselves,	other	companies	making
electric	vehicles,	and	the	world.
Segment	Information
We	operate	as	two	reportable	segments:	automotive	and	energy	generation	and	storage.
The	automotive	segment	includes	the	design,	development,	manufacturing,	and	sales	of	electric	vehicles.	The	energy	generation	and	storage	segment	includes	the	design,	manufacture,	installation,	and	sale	or	lease	of	stationary
energy	storage	products	and	solar	energy	systems	to	residential	and	commercial	customers,	or	sale	of	electricity	generated	by	our	solar	energy	systems	to	customers.
Employees
As	of	December	31,	2016,	Tesla,	Inc.	had	17,782	full-time	employees	and	SolarCity	Corporation	had	12,243	full-time	employees.	To	date,	we	have	not	experienced	any	work	stoppages,	and	we	consider	our	relationship	with	our
employees	to	be	good.
Available	Information
	
We	file	or	furnish	periodic	reports	and	amendments	thereto,	including	our	Annual	Reports	on	Form	10-K,	our	Quarterly	Reports	on	Form	10-Q	and	Current	Reports	on	Form	8-K;	proxy	statements	and	other	information	with	the
Securities	and	Exchange	Commission	(SEC).	Such	reports,	amendments,	proxy	statements	and	other	information	may	be	obtained	by	visiting	the	Public	Reference	Room	of	the	SEC	at	100	F	Street,	NE,	Washington,	D.C.	20549.	Information	on	the
operation	of	the	Public	Reference	Room	can	be	obtained	by	calling	the	SEC	at	1-800-SEC-0330.	In	addition,	the	SEC	maintains	a	website	(
www.sec.gov
)	that	contains	reports,	proxy	and	information	statements,	and	other	information	regarding
issuers	that	file	electronically.	Our	reports,	amendments	thereto,	proxy	statements	and	other	information	are	also	made	available,	free	of	charge,	on	our	investor	relations	website	at	
ir.tesla.com
	as	soon	as	reasonably	practicable	after	we
electronically	file	or	furnish	such	information	with	the	SEC.	The	information	posted	on	our	website	is	not	incorporated	by	reference	into	this	Annual	Report	on	Form	10-K.
	
	
	
13	
I
TEM	1A.
RISK	FACTORS
You	should	carefully	consider	the	risks	described	below	together	with	the	other	information	set	forth	in	this	report,	which	could	materially	affect	our	business,	financial	condition	and	future	results.	The	risks	described	below	are	not
the	only	risks	facing	our	company.	Risks	and	uncertainties	not	currently	known	to	us	or	that	we	currently	deem	to	be	immaterial	also	may	materially	adversely	affect	our	business,	financial	condition	and	operating	results.
Risks	Related	to	Our	Business	and	Industry
We	have	experienced	in	the	past,	and	may	experience	in	the	future,	significant	delays	or	other	complications	in	the	design,	manufacture,	launch	and	production	ramp	of	new	vehicles	and	other	products	such	as
our	energy	storage	products	and	the	solar	roof,	which	could	harm	our	brand,	business,	prospects,	financial	condition	and	operating	results.
We	have	experienced	in	the	past	launch,	manufacturing	and	production	ramp	delays	or	other	complications	in	connection	with	new	vehicle	models	such	as	Model	S	and	Model	X,	and	new	vehicle	features	such	as	the	all-wheel	drive
dual	motor	drivetrain	on	Model	S	and	the	second	version	of	autopilot	hardware.	For	example,	at	times	since	the	launch	of	Model	X,	we	encountered	unanticipated	challenges,	such	as	certain	supply	chain	constraints,	that	forced	us	to	decrease	the
production	of	these	vehicles	from	our	initial	expectations.	If	unexpected	issues	arise	or	recur	with	respect	to	any	of	our	production	vehicles,	we	may	experience	further	delays.	In	addition,	because	our	vehicle	models	share	certain	production
facilities	with	other	models,	the	volume	or	efficiency	of	production	with	respect	to	one	model	may	impact	the	production	of	other	models.
We	may	also	experience	similar	delays	or	other	complications	in	bringing	to	market	and	ramping	production	of	new	vehicles,	such	as	Model	3,	and	other	products	such	as	our	energy	storage	products	and	the	solar	roof.	Any	significant
additional	delay	or	other	complication	in	the	production	of	our	current	products	or	the	development,	manufacture,	launch	and	production	ramp	of	our	future	products,	including	complications	associated	with	expanding	our	production	capacity,
supply	chain	or	regulatory	approvals,	could	materially	damage	our	brand,	business,	prospects,	financial	condition	and	operating	results.
We	may	experience	delays
	in	
realizing	
our	
projected	timelines
	and
	
cost
	and
	
volume	targets	for	
the	production
,	launch	and	ramp
	of	
our	
Model	3
	vehicle,
	which	could	harm	our	business
,
	prospects
,	financial
condition	and	operating	results.
Our
	future	business	depends	in	large	part	on	our
	ability	to	
execute	on	our	plans	to	develop,	manufacture,	market	and	sell	the	Model	3	vehicle,	which	we	intend	to	offer	at	a	lower	price	point	and	to	produce	at	significantly	higher
volumes	than	our	present	production	capabilities	for	the	Model	S	or	Model	X	vehicles.	We	unveiled	a	prototype	of	Model	3	in	March	2016	and	have	announced	our	goal	to	achieve	volume	production	and	deliveries	of	this	vehicle	in	the	second	half
of	2017.
We	have	no	experience	to	date	in	manufacturing	vehicles	at	the	high	volumes	that	we	anticipate	for	Model	3,	and	to	be	successful,	we	will	need	to
	implement	efficient,	automated	and	low-cost	manufacturing	capabilities,	processes	and
supply	chains	necessary	to	support	such	volumes.
	We	will	also	need	to	do	extensive	testing	to	ensure	that	Model	3	is	in	compliance	with	our	quality	standards	and	applicable	regulations	prior	to	beginning	mass	production	and	delivery	of	the
vehicles.	Moreover,	our	Model	3	production	plan	will	also	require	significant	investments	of	cash	and	management	resources.
Our	production	plan	for	Model	3	is	based	on	many	key	assumptions,	including:
	
•
that	we	will	be	able	to	build	and	equip	a	new	dedicated	final	assembly	line	for	high	volume	production	of	Model	3	at	the	Tesla	Factory	without	exceeding	our	projected	costs	and	on	our	projected	timeline;
	
•
that	we	will	be	able	to	continue	to	expand	Gigafactory	1	in	a	timely	manner	to	produce	high	volumes	of	quality	lithium-ion	cells	and	integrate	such	cells	into	finished	battery	packs	for	Model	3,	all	at	costs	that	allow	us	to	sell
Model	3	at	our	target	gross	margins;
	
•
that	the	equipment	and	processes	which	we	install	for	Model	3	production	will	be	able	to	accurately	manufacture	high	volumes	of	Model	3	vehicles	within	specified	design	tolerances	and	with	high	quality;
	
•
that	we	will	be	able	to	continue	to	engage	suppliers	for	the	necessary	components	on	terms	and	conditions	that	are	acceptable	to	us	and	that	we	will	be	able	to	obtain	components	on	a	timely	basis	and	in	the	necessary
quantities	to	support	high	volume	production;
	
•
that	we	will	be	able	to	complete	our	final	tooling,	production	planning	and	validation	for	Model	3	and	the	delivery	of	final	component	designs	to	our	suppliers	in	a	timely	manner;	and
	
•
that	we	will	be	able	to	attract,	recruit,	hire	and	train	skilled	employees,	including	employees	on	the	production	line,	to	operate	our	planned	high	volume	production	facilities	to	support	Model	3,	including	at	the	Tesla	Factory	and
Gigafactory	1.
	
14	
If	one	or	more	of	the	foregoing	assumptions	turns	out	to	be	incorrect,	our	ability	to	successfully	launch	Model	3	on	time	and	at	volumes	and	prices	that	are	profitable,	as	well	as	our	business,	prospects,	operating	results	and	financial
condition,	may	be	materially	and	adversely	impacted.
We	may	be	unable	to	meet	our	growing	vehicle	production	and	delivery	plans,	both	of	which	could	harm	our	business	and	prospects.
Our	plans	call	for	significant	increases	in	vehicle	production	and	deliveries	to	high	volumes	in	a	short	amount	of	time.	Our	ability	to	achieve	these	plans	will	depend	upon	a	number	of	factors,	including	our	ability	to	add	production
lines	and	capacity	as	planned	while	maintaining	our	desired	quality	levels	and	optimize	design	and	production	changes,	and	our	suppliers’	ability	to	support	our	needs.	In	addition,	we	have	used	and	may	use	in	the	future	a	number	of	new
manufacturing	technologies,	techniques	and	processes	for	our	vehicles,	which	we	must	successfully	introduce	and	scale	for	high	volume	production.	For	example,	we	have	introduced	aluminum	spot	welding	systems	and	high-speed	blow	forming
of	certain	difficult	to	stamp	vehicle	parts.	We	have	also	introduced	unique	design	features	in	our	vehicles	with	different	manufacturing	challenges,	such	as	a	17	inch	display	screen,	dual	motor	drivetrain,	autopilot	hardware	and	falcon-wing	doors.
We	have	limited	experience	developing,	manufacturing,	selling	and	servicing,	and	allocating	our	available	resources	among,	multiple	products	simultaneously.	If	we	are	unable	to	realize	our	plans,	our	brand,	business,	prospects,	financial
condition	and	operating	results	could	be	materially	damaged.
Concurrent	with	the	significant	planned	increase	in	our	vehicle	production	levels,	we	will	also	need	to	continue	to	significantly	increase	deliveries	of	our	vehicles.	We	have	limited	experience	in	delivering	a	high	volume	of	vehicles,	and
no	experience	in	delivering	vehicles	at	the	significantly	higher	volumes	we	anticipate	for	Model	3,	and	we	may	face	difficulties	meeting	our	delivery	and	growth	plans	into	both	existing	markets	as	well	as	new	markets	into	which	we	expand.	If	we
are	unable	to	ramp	up	to	meet	our	delivery	goals	globally,	this	could	have	a	material	adverse	effect	on	our	business,	prospects,	financial	condition	and	operating	results.
We	are	dependent	on	our	suppliers,	the	majority	of	which	are	single	source	suppliers,	and	the	inability	of	these	suppliers	to	deliver	necessary	components	of	our	products	in	a	timely	manner	at	prices,	quality
levels,	and	volumes	acceptable	to	us,	or	our	inability	to	efficiently	manage	these	components,	could	have	a	material	adverse	effect	on	our	financial	condition	and	operating	results.
Our	current	products	contain	numerous	purchased	parts	which	we	source	globally	from	hundreds	of	direct	suppliers,	the	majority	of	whom	are	currently	single	source	suppliers	despite	efforts	to	qualify	and	obtain	components	from
multiple	sources	whenever	feasible.	Any	significant	unanticipated	demand	would	require	us	to	procure	additional	components	in	a	short	amount	of	time,	and	in	the	past
	we	have	also	replaced
	certain	suppliers
	because	of	their	failure	to	provide
components	that	met	our	quality	control	standards.
	While	we	believe	that	we	will	be	able	to	secure	additional	or	alternate	sources	of	supply	for	most	of	our	components	in	a	relatively	short	time	frame,	there	is	no	assurance	that	we	will	be	able	to
do	so	or	develop	our	own	replacements	for	certain	highly	customized	components	of	our	products.	Moreover,	we	have	signed	long-term	agreements	with	Panasonic	to	be	our	manufacturing	partner	and	supplier	for	lithium-ion	cells	at	Gigafactory
1	in	Nevada	and	PV	cells	and	panels	at	Gigafactory	2	in	Buffalo,	New	York.	If	we	encounter	unexpected	difficulties	with	key	suppliers	such	as	Panasonic,	and	if	we	are	unable	to	fill	these	needs	from	other	suppliers,	we	could	experience
production	delays	and	potential	loss	of	access	to	important	technology	and	parts	for	producing,	servicing	and	supporting	our	products.
This	limited	supply	chain	exposes	us	to	multiple	potential	sources	of	delivery	failure	or	component	shortages	for	the	production	of	our	products,	such	as	those	which	we	experienced	in	2012	and	2016	in	connection	with	our	slower-
than-planned	Model	S	and	Model	X	ramps.	Furthermore,	unexpected	changes	in	business	conditions,	materials	pricing,	labor	issues,	wars,	governmental	changes,	natural	disasters	such	as	the	March	2011	earthquakes	in	Japan	and	other	factors
beyond	our	and	our	suppliers’	control,	could	also	affect	our	suppliers’	ability	to	deliver	components	to	us	on	a	timely	basis.	
The	loss	of	any	single	or	limited	source	supplier	or	the	disruption	in	the	supply	of	components	from	these	suppliers	could
lead	to	product	design	changes	and	delays	in	product	deliveries	to	our	customers,	which	could	hurt	our	relationships	with	our	customers	and	result	in	negative	publicity,	damage	to	our	brand	and	a	material	and	adverse	effect
	on	
our	business,
prospects,	financial	condition	and	operating	results.
Changes	in	our	supply	chain	have	also	resulted	in	the	past,	and	may	result	in	the	future,	in	increased	cost.	We	have	also	experienced	cost	increases	from	certain	of	our	suppliers	in	order	to	meet	our	quality	targets	and	development
timelines	as	well	as	due	to	design	changes	that	we	made,	and	we	may	experience	similar	cost	increases	in	the	future.	Certain	suppliers,	including	for	Model	X,	have	sought	to	renegotiate	the	terms	of	the	supply	arrangements.	Additionally,	we	are
negotiating	with	existing	suppliers	for	cost	reductions,	seeking	new	and	less	expensive	suppliers	for	certain	parts,	and	attempting	to	redesign	certain	parts	to	make	them	less	expensive	to	produce.	If	we	are	unsuccessful	in	our	efforts	to	control
and	reduce	supplier	costs,	our	operating	results	will	suffer.	
	
15	
We	expect	the	foregoing	discussion	to	apply	generally	to	Model	3.	However,	because	we	plan	to	produce	Model	3	at	significantly	higher	volumes	than	Model	S	or	Model	X,	the	negative	impact	of	any	delays	or	other	constraints	with
respect	to	our	suppliers	for	Model	3	could	be	substantially	greater	than	any	such	issues	experienced	with	respect	to	our	products	to	date.	As	some	of	our	suppliers	for	our	current	production	vehicles	do	not	have	the	resources,	equipment	or
capability	to	provide	components	for	the	Model	3	in	line	with	our	requirements,	we	have	engaged	a	significant	number	of	new	suppliers,	and	such	suppliers	will	also	have	to	ramp	to	achieve	our	needs	in	a	short	period	of	time.	There	is	no
assurance	that	these	suppliers	will	ultimately	be	able	to	meet	our	cost,	quality	and	volume	needs.	
Furthermore,	as	the	scale	of	our	vehicle	production	increases,	we	will	need	to	accurately	forecast,	purchase,	warehouse	and	transport	to	our
manufacturing	facilities	components	at	much	higher	volumes	than	we	have	experience	with.	If	we	are	
unable	to	
accurately	match	the	timing	and	quantities	of	component	purchases	to	our	actual	production	plans	or	capabilities,	or	successfully
implement	automation,	inventory	management	and	other	systems	to	accommodate	the	increased	complexity	in	our	supply	chain,	we	may	have	to	incur	unexpected	storage,	transportation	and	write-off	costs,	which	could	have	a	material	adverse
effect	on	our	financial	condition	and	operating	results.
Our	future	growth	and	success	is	dependent	upon	consumers’	willingness	to	adopt	electric	vehicles	and	specifically	our	vehicles,	especially	in	the	mass	market	demographic	which	we	are	targeting	with	Model	3.
Our	growth	is	highly	dependent	upon	the	adoption	by	consumers	of	alternative	fuel	vehicles	in	general	and	electric	vehicles	in	particular.	Although	we	have	successfully	grown	demand	for	Model	S	and	Model	X	to	date	and	have	seen
very	strong	initial	demand	for	Model	3,	and	we	believe	that	we	will	be	able	to	continue	to	grow	demand	separately	for	each	of	these	vehicles	and	their	variants,	there	is	no	guarantee	of	such	future	demand	or	that	our	vehicles	will	not	compete
with	one	another	in	the	market.	Moreover,	the	mass	market	demographic	which	we	are	targeting	with	Model	3	is	larger,	but	more	competitive,	than	for	Model	S	and	Model	X.
If	the	market	for	electric	vehicles	in	general	and	Tesla	vehicles	in	particular	does	not	develop	as	we	expect,	or	develops	more	slowly	than	we	expect,	our	business,	prospects,	financial	condition	and	operating	results	could	be	harmed.
The	market	for	alternative	fuel	vehicles	is	relatively	new,	rapidly	evolving,	and	could	be	affected	by	numerous	external	factors,	such	as:
	
•
p
erceptions	about	electric	vehicle	features,	quality,	safety,	performance	and	cost;
	
•
perceptions	about	the	limited	range	over	which	electric	vehicles	may	be	driven	on	a	single	battery	charge;
	
•
competition,	including	from	other	types	of	alternative	fuel	vehicles,	plug-in	hybrid	electric	vehicles,	and	high	fuel-economy	internal	combustion	engine	vehicles;
	
•
volatility	in	the	cost	of	oil	and	gasoline;
	
•
government	regulations	and	economic	incentives;	and
	
•
access	to	charging	facilities.
Future	problems	or	delays	in	expanding	Gigafactory	1	and	operating	it	in	line	with	our	expectations	could	negatively	affect	the	production	and	profitability	of	our	battery-based	products,	such	as	Model	3	or	our
energy	storage	products.
To	lower	the	cost	of	cell	production	and	produce	cells	in	high	volume,	we	intend	to	integrate	the	production	of	lithium-ion	cells	and	finished	battery	packs	for	our	vehicles	including	Model	3	and	energy	storage	products	at	Gigafactory
1.	While	Gigafactory	1	began	producing	lithium-ion	cells	for	energy	storage	products	in	January	2017,	we	have	no	other	direct	experience	in	the	production	of	lithium-ion	cells,	including	those	intended	for	use	in	vehicles.	Although	we	continue	to
remain	on	track	with	our	progress	at	Gigafactory	1,	given	the	size	and	complexity	of	this	undertaking,	it	is	possible	that	future	events	could	result	in	the	cost	of	expanding	and	operating	Gigafactory	1	exceeding	our	current	expectations	and
Gigafactory	1	taking	longer	to	expand	than	we	currently	anticipate.	In	order	to	build	our	Model	3	vehicles	at	our	planned	volume	and	target	gross	margin,	we	must	have	significant	battery	cell	production	from	Gigafactory	1.	If	we	are	unable	to
expand	Gigafactory	1	in	a	timely	manner,	and	attract,	hire	and	retain	a	substantial	number	of	highly	skilled	personnel	to	work	there	in	order	to	produce	high	volumes	of	quality	lithium-ion	cells	at	reasonable	prices,	our	ability	to	supply	battery
packs	to	our	vehicles,	especially	Model	3,	and	other	battery-based	products	according	to	our	schedule	and/or	at	a	price	that	allows	us	to	sell	them	at	our	target	gross	margins	and	in	the	quantities	we	estimate	could	be	negatively	impacted.	Any
such	future	problems	or	delays	with	Gigafactory	1	could	negatively	affect	our	brand	and	harm	our	business,	prospects,	financial	condition	and	operating	results.
	
16	
If	our	vehicles	or	other	products	that	contain	our	vehicle	powertrains	or	battery	packs	fail	to	perform	as	expected,	our	ability	to	develop,	market	and	sell	our	electric	vehicles	could	be	harmed.
If	our	vehicles,	other	OEMs’	vehicles	that	contain	our	powertrains	or	our	energy	storage	products	were	to	contain	defects	in	design	and	manufacture	that	cause	them	not	to	perform	as	expected	or	that	require	repair,	our	ability	to
develop,	market	and	sell	our	products	could	be	harmed.	For	example,	the	operation	of	our	vehicles	is	highly	dependent	on	software,	which	is	inherently	complex	and	could	conceivably	contain	defects	and	errors.	Issues	experienced	by	customers
have	included	those	related	to	the	software	for	the	17	inch	display	screen,	the	panoramic	roof	and	the	12	volt	battery	in	the	Model	S	and	the	seats	and	doors	in	the	Model	X.	Although	we	attempt	to	remedy	any	issues	we	observe	in	our	vehicles	as
effectively	and	rapidly	as	possible,	such	efforts	may	not	be	timely,	may	hamper	production	or	may	not	be	up	to	the	satisfaction	of	our	customers.	While	we	have	performed	extensive	internal	testing,	we	currently	have	a	limited	frame	of	reference
by	which	to	evaluate	detailed	long-term	quality,	reliability,	durability	and	performance	characteristics	of	our	battery	packs,	powertrains,	vehicles	and	energy	storage	products.	There	can	be	no	assurance	that	we	will	be	able	to	detect	and	fix	any
defects	in	our	products	prior	to	their	sale	to	consumers.
Any	product	defects	or	any	other	failure	of	our	products	to	perform	as	expected	could	harm	our	reputation	and	result	in	delivery	delays,	product	recalls,	product	liability	claims,	significant	warranty	and	other	expenses,	and	could	have
a	material	adverse	impact	on	our	business,	financial	condition,	operating	results	and	prospects.	Our	Model	X	vehicles	have	not	yet	been	evaluated	by	NHTSA	for	a	star	rating	under	the	New	Car	Assessment	Program,	and	while	based	on	our
internal	testing	we	expect	to	obtain	comparable	ratings	to	those	achieved	by	Model	S,	there	is	no	assurance	this	will	occur.
If	we	fail	to	scale	our	business	operations	and	otherwise	manage	future	growth	effectively	as	we	rapidly	grow	our	company,	especially	internationally,	we	may	not	be	able	to	produce,	market,	sell	and	service	our
products	successfully.
Any	failure	to	manage	our	growth	effectively	could	materially	and	adversely	affect	our	business,	prospects,	operating	results	and	financial	condition.	We	continue	to	expand	our	operations	significantly,	especially	internationally,
including	by	a	planned	transition	to	high	volume	vehicle	production	and	the	worldwide	sales	and	servicing	of	a	significantly	higher	number	of	vehicles	than	our	current	vehicle	fleet	in	the	coming	years,	with	the	launch	and	ramp	of	Model	3.
Furthermore,	we	are	developing	and	growing	our	energy	storage	product	and	solar	business	worldwide,	including	in	countries	where	we	have	limited	or	no	previous	operating	experience	in	connection	with	our	vehicle	business.	Our	future
operating	results	depend	to	a	large	extent	on	our	ability	to	manage	our	expansion	and	growth	successfully.	We	may	not	be	successful	in	undertaking	this	global	expansion	if	we	are	unable	to	control
	expenses
	and	avoid	cost	overruns	and	other
unexpected	operating	costs;	establish
	sufficient	
worldwide	
sales,	service	and	Supercharger	facilities	in	a	timely	manner;	
adapt
	our	products	to	meet	local	requirements;	
implement
	the	required	infrastructure,	systems	and	processes;	and
	find	and
hire	a	significant	number	of	additional	manufacturing,	engineering,	service,	electrical	installation,	construction	and	administrative	personnel.
If	we	are	unable	to	continue	to	reduce	the	manufacturing	costs	of	Model	S	and	Model	X	or	control	manufacturing	costs	for	Model	3,	our	financial	condition	and	operating	results	will	suffer.
As	we	have	gradually	ramped	production	of	Model	S	and	Model	X,	manufacturing	costs	per	vehicle	have	decreased.		While	we	expect	ongoing	cost	reductions	to	be	realized	by	both	us	and	our	suppliers,	there	is	no	guarantee	we	will	be
able	to	achieve	sufficient	cost	savings	to	reach	our	gross	margin	and	profitability	goals.	We	incur	significant	costs	related	to	procuring	the	materials	required	to	manufacture	our	vehicles,	assembling	vehicles	and	compensating	our	personnel.	We
may	also	incur	substantial	costs	or	cost	overruns	in	increasing	the	production	capability	of	our	vehicle	manufacturing	facilities,	such	as	for	Model	3.	Furthermore,	if	we	are	unable	to	achieve	production	cost	targets	on	our	Model	X	and	Model	3
vehicles	pursuant	to	our	plans,	we	may	not	be	able	to	meet	our	gross	margin	and	other	financial	targets.
Furthermore,	many	of	the	factors	that	impact	our	manufacturing	costs	are	beyond	our	control,	such	as	potential	increases	in	the	costs	of	our	materials	and	components,	such	as	lithium-ion	battery	cells	or	aluminum	used	to	produce
body	panels.	If	we	are	unable	to	continue	to	control	and	reduce	our	manufacturing	costs,	our	operating	results,	business	and	prospects	will	be	harmed.
We	are	significantly	dependent	upon	revenue	generated	from	the	sale	of	a	limited	fleet	of	electric	vehicles,	which	currently	includes	the	Model	S	and	Model	X	and	which	will	also	include	Model	3	in	the	near	term.
We	currently	generate	a	significant	percentage	of	our	revenues	from	the	sale	of	two	products:	Model	S	and	Model	X	vehicles.	Model	3,	for	which	we	are	planning	to	achieve	volume	production	and	deliveries	in	second	half	of	2017,
requires	significant	investment	prior	to	commercial	introduction,	and	there	is	no	guarantee	that	it	will	be	commercially	successful.	Historically,	automobile	customers	have	come	to	expect	a	variety	of	vehicles	offered	in	a	manufacturer’s	fleet	and
new	and	improved	vehicle	models	to	be	introduced	frequently.	In	order	to	meet	these	expectations,	we	may	in	the	future	be	required	to	introduce	on	a	regular	basis	new	vehicle	models	as	well	as	enhanced	versions	of	existing	vehicle	models.	To
the	extent	our	product	variety	and	cycles	do	not	meet	consumer	expectations,	our	future	sales	may	be	adversely	affected.
	
17	
Our	vehicles	and	energy	storage	products	make	use	of	lithium-ion	battery	cells,	which	have	been	observed	to	catch	fire	or	vent	smoke	and	flame,	and	such	events	have	raised	concerns,	and	future	events	may	lead
to	additional	concerns,	about	the	batteries	used	in	automotive	applications.
The	battery	packs	that	we	produce	make	use	of	lithium-ion	cells.	On	rare	occasions,	lithium-ion	cells	can	rapidly	release	the	energy	they	contain	by	venting	smoke	and	flames	in	a	manner	that	can	ignite	nearby	materials	as	well	as
other	lithium-ion	cells.
While	we	have	designed	the	battery	pack	to	passively	contain	any	single	cell’s	release	of	energy	without	spreading	to	neighboring	cells,	there	can	be	no	assurance	that	a	field	or	testing	failure	of	our	vehicles	or	other	battery	packs	that
we	produce	will	not	occur,	which	could	subject	us	to	lawsuits,	product	recalls,	or	redesign	efforts,	all	of	which	would	be	time	consuming	and	expensive.	Also,	negative	public	perceptions	regarding	the	suitability	of	lithium-ion	cells	for	automotive
applications	or	any	future	incident	involving	lithium-ion	cells	such	as	a	vehicle	or	other	fire,	even	if	such	incident	does	not	involve	our	vehicles,	could	seriously	harm	our	business.
In	addition,	we	store	a	significant	number	of	lithium-ion	cells	at	the	Tesla	Factory	and	plan	to	produce	high	volumes	of	cells	and	battery	modules	and	packs	at	Gigafactory	1.	Any	mishandling	of	battery	cells	may	cause	disruption	to	the
operation	of	our	facilities.	While	we	have	implemented	safety	procedures	related	to	the	handling	of	the	cells,	there	can	be	no	assurance	that	a	safety	issue	or	fire	related	to	the	cells	would	not	disrupt	our	operations.	Such	damage	or	injury	could
lead	to	adverse	publicity	and	potentially	a	safety	recall.	Moreover,	any	failure	of	a	competitor’s	electric	vehicle	or	energy	storage	product	may	cause	indirect	adverse	publicity	for	us	and	our	products.	Such	adverse	publicity	could	negatively
affect	our	brand	and	harm	our	business,	prospects,	financial	condition	and	operating	results.
Increases	in	costs,	disruption	of	supply	or	shortage	of	materials,	in	particular	for	lithium-ion	cells,	could	harm	our	business.
We	may	experience	increases	in	the	cost	or	a	sustained	interruption	in	the	supply	or	shortage	of	materials.	Any	such	increase,	supply	interruption	or	shortage	could	materially	and	negatively	impact	our	business,	prospects,	financial
condition	and	operating	results.	We	use	various	materials	in	our	business	including	aluminum,	steel,	lithium,	cobalt,	nickel	and	copper,	as	well	as	lithium-ion	cells	from	suppliers.	The	prices	for	these	materials	fluctuate,	and	their	available	supply
may	be	unstable,	depending	on	market	conditions	and	global	demand	for	these	materials,	including	as	a	result	of	increased	production	of	electric	vehicles	and	energy	storage	products	by	our	competitors,	and	could	adversely	affect	our	business
and	operating	results.	For	instance,	we	are	exposed	to	multiple	risks	relating	to	lithium-ion	cells.	These	risks	include:
	
•
the	inability	or	unwillingness	of	current	battery	manufacturers	to	build	or	operate	battery	cell	manufacturing	plants	to	supply	the	numbers	of	lithium-ion	cells	we	require;
	
•
disruption	in	the	supply	of	cells	due	to	quality	issues	or	recalls	by	battery	cell	manufacturers	or	any	issues	that	may	arise	with	respect	to	cells	manufactured	at	our	own	facilities;
	
•
an	increase	in	the	cost,	or	decrease	in	the	available	supply,	of	materials	used	in	the	cells;	and
	
•
fluctuations	in	the	value	of	the	Japanese	yen	against	the	U.S.	dollar	as	our	battery	cell	purchases	for	Model	S	and	Model	X	are	currently	denominated	in	Japanese	yen.	
Our	business	is	dependent	on	the	continued	supply	of	battery	cells	for	the	battery	packs	used	in	our	vehicles	and	energy	storage	products.	While	we	believe	several	sources	of	the	battery	cells	are	available	for	such	battery	packs,	and
expect	to	eventually	rely	substantially	on	battery	cells	manufactured	at	our	own	facilities,	we	have	to	date	fully	qualified	only	a	very	limited	number	of	suppliers	for	the	cells	used	in	such	battery	packs	and	have	very	limited	flexibility	in	changing
cell	suppliers.	In	particular,	we	have	fully	qualified	only	one	supplier	for	the	cells	used	in	battery	packs	for	our	current	production	vehicles.	Any	disruption	in	the	supply	of	battery	cells	from	such	suppliers	could	disrupt	production	of	our	vehicles
and	of	the	battery	packs	we	produce	for	other	automobile	manufacturers	until	such	time	as	a	different	supplier	is	fully	qualified.	Furthermore,	fluctuations	or	shortages	in	petroleum	and	other	economic	conditions	may	cause	us	to	experience
significant	increases	in	freight	charges	and	material	costs.	Substantial	increases	in	the	prices	for	our	materials	or	prices	charged	to	us,	such	as	those	charged	by	battery	cell	suppliers,	would	increase	our	operating	costs,	and	could	reduce	our
margins	if	we	cannot	recoup	the	increased	costs	through	increased	vehicle	prices.	Any	attempts	to	increase	vehicle	prices	in	response	to	increased	material	costs	could	result	in	cancellations	of	vehicle	orders	and	reservations	and	therefore
materially	and	adversely	affect	our	brand,	image,	business,	prospects	and	operating	results.
	
18	
We	may	become	subject	to	product	liability	claims,	which	could	harm	our	financial	condition	and	liquidity	if	we	are	not	able	to	successfully	defend	or	insure	against	such	claims.
Product	liability	claims	could	harm	our	business,	prospects,	operating	results	and	financial	condition.	The	automobile	industry	in	particular	experiences	significant	product	liability	claims	and	we	face	inherent	risk	of	exposure	to	claims
in	the	event	our	vehicles	do	not	perform	as	expected	resulting	in	personal	injury	or	death.	We	also	may	face	similar	claims	related	to	any	misuse	or	failures	of	new	technologies	that	we	are	pioneering,	including	autopilot	in	our	vehicles.	Finally,	as
our	energy	storage	products	and	solar	energy	systems	generate	and	store	electricity,	they	have	the	potential	to	cause	injury	to	people	or	property.	A	successful	product	liability	claim	against	us	could	require	us	to	pay	a	substantial	monetary
award.	Our	risks	in	this	area	are	particularly	pronounced	given	the	limited	number	of	vehicles	and	energy	storage	products	delivered	to	date	and	limited	field	experience	of	our	products.	Moreover,	a	product	liability	claim	could	generate
substantial	negative	publicity	about	our	products	and	business	and	could	have	material	adverse	effect	on	our	brand,	business,	prospects	and	operating	results.	In	most	jurisdictions,	we	generally	self-insure	against	the	risk	of	product	liability
claims,	meaning	that	any	product	liability	claims	will	likely	have	to	be	paid	from	company	funds,	not	by	insurance.
The	markets	in	which	we	operate	are	highly	competitive,	and	we	may	not	be	successful	in	competing	in	these	industries.	We	currently	face	competition	from	new	and	established	domestic	and	international
competitors	and	expect	to	face	competition	from	others	in	the	future,	including	competition	from	companies	with	new	technology.
The	worldwide	automotive	market,	particularly	for	alternative	fuel	vehicles,	is	highly	competitive	today	and	we	expect	it	will	become	even	more	so	in	the	future.	There	is	no	assurance	that	our	vehicles	will	be	successful	in	the
respective	markets	in	which	they	compete.	Many	established	and	new	automobile	manufacturers	such	as	BMW,	Daimler,	General	Motors	and	Toyota,	as	well	as	other	companies,	have	entered	or	are	reported	to	have	plans	to	enter	the	alternative
fuel	vehicle	market,	including	hybrid,	plug-in	hybrid	and	fully	electric	vehicles.	Most	of	our	current	and	potential	competitors	have	significantly	greater	financial,	technical,	manufacturing,	marketing	and	other	resources	than	we	do	and	may	be
able	to	devote	greater	resources	to	the	design,	development,	manufacturing,	distribution,	promotion,	sale	and	support	of	their	products.	Virtually	all	of	our	competitors	have	more	extensive	customer	bases	and	broader	customer	and	industry
relationships	than	we	do	and	almost	all	of	these	companies	have	longer	operating	histories	and	greater	name	recognition	than	we	do.	Increased	competition	could	result	in	lower	vehicle	unit	sales,	price	reductions,	revenue	shortfalls,	loss	of
customers	and	loss	of	market	share,	which	could	harm	our	business,	prospects,	financial	condition	and	operating	results.	In	addition,	upon	the	launch	of	our	Model	3	vehicle,	we	will	face	competition	from	existing	and	future	automobile
manufacturers	in	the	extremely	competitive	entry-level	premium	sedan	market,	including	Audi,	BMW,	Lexus	and	Mercedes.
The	solar	and	renewable	energy	industries	are	highly	competitive	within	their	markets,	and	also	compete	with	large	utilities.	Decreases	in	the	retail	prices	of	electricity	from	the	utilities	or	other	renewable	energy	sources	could	harm
our	ability	to	offer	competitive	pricing	and	lead	to	an	increased	rate	of	customer	defaults	under	our	existing	contracts.	Moreover,	solar	panel	prices	have	declined	and	are	continuing	to	decline.		As	we	increase	our	solar	panel	manufacturing,
including	at	Gigafactory	2,	future	price	declines	may	harm	our	ability	to	compete	and	produce	solar	panels	at	competitive	prices.
If	we	are	unable	to	establish	and	maintain	confidence	in	our	long-term	business	prospects	among	consumers,	analysts	and	within	our	industry,	then	our	financial	condition,	operating	results,	business	prospects
and	stock	price	may	suffer	materially.
Consumers	may	be	less	likely	to	purchase	our	products	now	if	they	are	not	convinced	that	our	business	will	succeed	or	that	our	service	and	support	and	other	operations	will	continue	for	many	years.	Similarly,	suppliers	and	other	third
parties	will	be	less	likely	to	invest	time	and	resources	in	developing	business	relationships	with	us	if	they	are	not	convinced	that	our	business	will	succeed.	Accordingly,	in	order	to	build	and	maintain	our	business,	we	must	maintain	confidence
among	customers,	suppliers,	analysts	and	other	parties	in	our	liquidity	and	long-term	business	prospects.	Maintaining	such	confidence	may	be	particularly	complicated	by	certain	factors,	such	as	our	limited	operating	history,	unfamiliarity	with
our	products,	competition	and	uncertainty	regarding	the	future	of	electric	vehicles	or	our	other	products	and	services	and	our	quarterly	production	and	sales	performance	compared	with	market	expectations.	Many	of	these	factors	are	largely
outside	our	control,	and	any	negative	perceptions	about	our	long-term	business	prospects,	even	if	exaggerated	or	unfounded,	would	likely	harm	our	business	and	make	it	more	difficult	to	raise	additional	funds	if	needed.
	
19	
Our	plan	to	expand	our	network	of	Tesla	stores,	galleries,	service	centers	and	Superchargers	will	require	significant	cash	investments	and	management	resources	and	may	not	meet	expectations	with	respect	to
additional	sales	or	installations	of	our	products	or	availability	of	Superchargers.
Our	plan	to	expand	our	network	of	Tesla	stores,	galleries,	service	centers	and	Superchargers	will	require	significant	cash	investments	and	management	resources	and	may	not	meet	our	expectations	with	respect	to	additional	sales	or
installations	of	our	products.	This	ongoing	global	expansion,	which	includes	planned	entry	into	markets	in	which	we	have	limited	or	no	experience	selling,	delivering,	installing	and/or	servicing	our	products,	and	which	may	pose	legal,	regulatory,
cultural	and	political	challenges	that	we	have	not	previously	encountered,	may	not	have	the	desired	effect	of	increasing	sales	and	installations	and	expanding	our	brand	presence	to	the	degree	we	are	anticipating.	
Furthermore,	the	increasing	number
of	Model	S	and	Model	X	vehicles,	as	well	as	the	significant	increase	in	our	vehicle	fleet	size	that	we	expect	from	Model	3,	will	require	us	to	continue	to	increase	the	number	of	our	Supercharger	stations	significantly.	If	we	fail	to	do	so,	our	customers
could	become	dissatisfied,	which	could	adversely	affect	sales	of	our	vehicles.	
We	will	also	need	to	ensure	we	are	in	compliance	with	any	regulatory	requirements	applicable	to	the	sale,	installation	and	service	of	our	products,	the	sale	of	electricity
generated	through	our	solar	energy	systems,	and	operation	of	Superchargers	in	those	jurisdictions,	which	could	take	considerable	time	and	expense.	If	we	experience	any	delays	or	cannot	meet	customer	expectations	in	expanding	our	network	of
Tesla	stores,	galleries,	service	centers	and	Superchargers,	this	could	lead	to	a	decrease	in	sales	or	installations	of	our	products	and	could	negatively	impact	our	business,	prospects,	financial	condition	and	operating	results.
We	face	risks	associated	with	our	international	operations	and	expansion,	including	unfavorable	regulatory,	political,	tax	and	labor	conditions,	and	with	establishing	ourselves	in	new	markets,	all	of	which	could
harm	our	business.
We	currently	have	international	operations	and	subsidiaries	in	various	countries	and	jurisdictions	that	are	subject	to	legal,	political,	and	regulatory	requirements	and	social	and	economic	conditions	that	may	be	very	different	from
those	affecting	us	domestically.	Additionally,	as	part	of	our	growth	strategy,	we	will	continue	to	expand	our	sales,	service	and	Supercharger	locations	internationally.	International	expansion	requires	us	to	make	significant	expenditures,	including
the	establishment	of	local	operating	entities,	hiring	of	local	employees	and	establishing	facilities	in	advance	of	generating	any	revenue.
We	are	subject	to	a	number	of	risks	associated	with	international	business	activities	that	may	increase	our	costs,	impact	our	ability	to	sell	our	products	and	require	significant	management	attention.	These	risks	include	
conforming	our
products	to	various	international	regulatory	and	safety	requirements	as	well	as	charging	and	other	electric	infrastructures,	difficulty	in	establishing,	staffing	and	managing	foreign	operations,	challenges	in	attracting	customers,	foreign
government	taxes,	regulations	and	permit	requirements,	our	ability	to	enforce	our	contractual	rights;	trade	restrictions,	customs	regulations,	tariffs	and	price	or	exchange	controls,	and	preferences	of	foreign	nations	for	domestically
manufactured	products.
If	we	fail	to	effectively	grow	and	manage	the	residual,	financing	and	credit	risks	related	to	our	vehicle	financing	programs,	our	business	may	suffer.
We	offer	vehicle	financing	arrangements	through	our	local	subsidiaries	in	the	United	States,	Canada,	Germany	and	the	UK,	including	leasing	directly	through	certain	of	those	subsidiaries.	The	profitability	of	the	leasing	program
depends	on	our	ability	to	accurately	project	residual	values,	secure	adequate	financing	and/or	business	partners	to	fund	and	grow	this	program,	and	screen	for	and	manage	customer	credit	risk.		We	expect	the	need	for	leasing	and	other	financing
options	to	be	significantly	higher	with	the	volumes	we	expect	for	our	vehicles	in	the	future,	especially	Model	3,	for	which	we	also	expect	a	higher	proportion	of	uptake	for	such	programs	than	for	Model	S	or	Model	X.	If	we	are	unable	to
adequately	fund	our	leasing	program	with	internal	funds,	or	partners	or	other	external	financing	sources,	and	compelling	alternative	financing	programs	are	not	available	for	our	customers,	we	may	be	unable	to	grow	our	sales.	Furthermore,	if
our	leasing	business	grows	substantially,	our	business	may	suffer	if	we	cannot	effectively	manage	the	greater	levels	of	residual	and	credit	risks	resulting	from	growth.	Finally,	if	we	do	not	successfully	monitor	and	comply	with	applicable	national,
state	and/or	local	financial	regulations	and	consumer	protection	laws	governing	lease	transactions,	we	may	become	subject	to	enforcement	actions	or	penalties,	either	of	which	may	harm	our	business.
Our	resale	value	guarantee	and	leasing	programs	for	our	vehicles	expose	us	to	the	risk	that	the	resale	values	of	vehicles	returned	to	us	are	lower	than	our	estimates	and	may	result	in	lower	revenues,	gross
margin,	profitability	and	liquidity.
We	have	provided	resale	value	guarantees	to	many	of	our	customers,	under	which	such	customers	may	sell	their	vehicles	back	to	us	at	certain	points	in	time	at	pre-determined	resale	values.	Customers	can	lease	our	vehicles	through
both	leasing	partners	and	from	us	directly,	through	our	captive	finance	companies.	The	resale	values	of	any	vehicles	resold	or	returned	to	us	pursuant	to	these	programs	may	be	lower	than	our	estimates,	which	are	based	on	a	limited	secondary
market	for	our	vehicles.	If	we	incorrectly	estimate	the	residual	values	of	our	vehicles,	or	the	volume	of	vehicles	returned	to	us	is	higher	than	our	estimates	and/or	we	are	not	able	to	resell	them	timely	or	at	all,	our	profitability	and/or	liquidity
could	be	negatively	impacted.	In	cases	where	customers	retain	their	vehicles	past	the	guarantee	period,	our	gross	margin	will	be	negatively	impacted	as	all	remaining	revenues	and	costs	related	to	the	vehicle	will	be	recognized	at	no	gross	profit.
	
20	
We	apply	lease	accounting	on	sales	of	vehicles	with	a	resale	value	guarantee	and	on	leases	made	directly	by	us	or	by	our	leasing	partners.	Under	lease	accounting,	we	recognize	the	associated	revenues	and	costs	of	the	vehicle	sale
over	time	rather	than	fully	upfront	at	vehicle	delivery.	As	a	result,	these	programs	generate	lower	revenues	in	the	period	the	car	is	delivered	and	higher	gross	margins	during	the	period	of	the	resale	value	guarantee	as	compared	to	purchases	
in
which	the	resale	value	guarantee	does	not	apply.	A	higher	than	anticipated	prevalence	of	these	programs	could	therefore	have	an	adverse	impact	on	our	near	term	revenues	and	operating	results.	Moreover,	unlike	the	sale	of	a	vehicle	with	a
resale	value	guarantee	or	programs	with	leasing	partners	which	do	not	impact	our	cash	flows	and	liquidity	at	the	time	of	vehicle	delivery,	under	a	lease	held	directly	by	us,	we	may	receive	only	a	very	small	portion	of	the	total	vehicle	purchase
price	at	the	time	of	lease,	followed	by	a	stream	of	payments	over	the	term	of	the	lease.	To	the	extent	we	expand	our	leasing	program	without	securing	external	financing	or	business	partners	to	support	such	expansion,	our	cash	flow	and	liquidity
could	also	be	negatively	impacted.
The	unavailability,	reduction	or	elimination	of,	or	unfavorable	determinations	with	respect	to,	government	and	economic	incentives	in	the	United	States	and	abroad	supporting	the	development	and	adoption	of
electric	vehicles	or	solar	energy	could	have	some	impact	on	demand	for	our	products	and	services.
We	currently	benefit	from	certain	government	and	economic	incentives	supporting	the	development	and	adoption	of	electric	vehicles.	In	the	United	States	and	abroad,	such	incentives	include,	among	other	things,	tax	credits	or	rebates
that	encourage	the	purchase	of	electric	vehicles.	In	Norway,	for	example,	the	purchase	of	electric	vehicles	is	not	currently	subject	to	import	taxes,	taxes	on	non-recurring	vehicle	fees,	the	25%	value	added	tax	or	the	purchase	taxes	that	apply	to
the	purchase	of	gas-powered	vehicles.	Notably,	the	quantum	of	incentive	programs	promoting	electric	vehicles	is	a	tiny	fraction	of	the	amount	of	incentives	that	are	provided	to	gas-powered	vehicles	through	the	oil	and	gas
industries.		Nevertheless,	even	the	limited	benefits	from	such	programs	could	be	reduced,	eliminated	or	exhausted.		For	example,	on	January	1,	2016,	a	previously	available	incentive	in	Denmark	that	favored	the	purchase	of	electric	vehicles
expired	and	was	replaced	with	a	newly	phased-in	incentive	that	is	less	generous	than	the	incentive	that	it	replaced.	Moreover,	under	current	regulations,	a	$7,500	federal	tax	credit	available	in	the	United	States	for	the	purchase	of	qualified
electric	vehicles	with	at	least	17	kWh	of	battery	capacity,	such	as	our	vehicles,	will	begin	to	phase	out	with	respect	to	any	vehicles	delivered	in	the	second	calendar	quarter	following	the	quarter	in	which	we	deliver	our	200,000
th
	qualifying
vehicle	in	the	United	States.	In	addition,	California	implemented	regulations	phasing	out	a	$2,500	cash	rebate	on	qualified	electric	vehicles	for	high-income	consumers,	which	became	effective	in	March	2016.	In	certain	circumstances,	there	is
pressure	from	the	oil	and	gas	lobby	or	related	special	interests	to	bring	about	such	developments,	which	could	have	some	negative	impact	on	demand	for	our	vehicles.
In	addition,	certain	governmental	rebates,	tax	credits	and	other	financial	incentives	that	are	currently	available	with	respect	to	our	solar	and	energy	storage	product	businesses	allow	us	to	lower	our	installation	costs,	cost	of	capital
and	encourage	investors	to	invest	in	our	solar	financing	funds.	However,	these	incentives	may	expire	on	a	particular	date,	end	when	the	allocated	funding	is	exhausted	or	be	reduced	or	terminated	as	solar	energy	adoption	rates	increase,	often
without	warning.	For	example,	the	federal	government	currently	offers	a	30%	investment	tax	credit	(“ITC”)	for	the	installation	of	solar	power	facilities	and	if	installed	concurrently,	for	energy	storage	systems,	which	are	currently	scheduled	to
decline	to	10%,	and	expire	altogether	for	residential	systems,	by	January	2022.	Likewise,	in	jurisdictions	where	net	energy	metering	is	currently	available,	our	customers	receive	bill	credits	from	utilities	for	energy	that	their	solar	energy	systems
generate	and	export	to	the	grid	in	excess	of	the	electric	load	they	use.	Several	jurisdictions	have	reduced	or	eliminated	the	benefit	available	under	net	energy	metering,	or	have	proposed	to	do	so.	Such	reductions	in	or	termination	of
governmental	incentives	could	adversely	impact	our	results	of	operations	by	increasing	our	cost	of	capital,	making	us	less	competitive	for	potential	customers,	and	adversely	impact	our	ability	to	attract	investment	partners	and	to	form	new
financing	funds	for	our	solar	assets.
Moreover,	we	and	our	fund	investors	claim	the	ITC	in	amounts	based	on	the	fair	market	value	of	our	solar	energy	systems.	Although	we	obtain	independent	appraisals	to	support	the	claimed	fair	market	values,	the	relevant
governmental	authorities	have	audited	such	values	and	in	certain	cases	have	determined	that	they	should	be	lower,	and	they	may	do	so	in	the	future.	Such	determinations	may	result	in	adverse	tax	consequences	and/or	our	obligation	to	make
indemnification	or	other	payments,	or	contribute	additional	assets,	to	our	funds	or	fund	investors.
If	we	are	unable	to	integrate	SolarCity	successfully	into	our	business,	we	may	not	realize	the	anticipated	benefits	of	our	acquisition	of	SolarCity.
We	have	devoted	to	date,	and	continue	to	devote,	substantial	attention	and	resources	to	integrating	into	our	company	the	business	and	operations	of	SolarCity,	which	we	acquired	in	November	2016.	Our	company	has	no	prior
experience	integrating	a	business	of	the	size	and	scale	of	SolarCity.	If	the	integration	process	takes	longer	than	expected	or	is	more	costly	than	expected,	we	may	fail	to	realize	some	or	all	of	the	anticipated	benefits	of	the	acquisition.
	
21	
Potential	difficulties	we	may	encounter	in	the	integration	process	include	the	following:
	
•
the	inability	to	successfully	combine	our	business	with	that	of	SolarCity	in	a	manner	that	permits	the	combined	company	to	achieve	the	synergies	we	expect	from	the	acquisition,	which	would	result	in	the	anticipated
benefits	of	the	acquisition	not	being	realized	partly	or	wholly	in	the	time	frame	currently	anticipated	or	at	all;
	
•
complexities	associated	with	managing	the	combined	businesses;
	
•
integrating	personnel	from	the	two	companies;
	
•
creation	of	uniform	standards,	controls,	procedures,	policies	and	information	systems;	and
	
•
potential	unknown	liabilities	and	unforeseen	increased	expenses,	delays	or	regulatory	conditions	associated	with	the	acquisition.
Any	failure	by	us	to	realize	the	expected	benefits	of	our	substantial	investments	and	commitments	with	respect	to	the	manufacture	of	PV	cells,	including	if	we	are	unable	to	comply	with	the	terms	of	our
agreement	with	the	Research	Foundation	for	the	State	University	of	New	York	relating	to	our	Gigafactory	2,	could	result	in	negative	consequences	for	our	business.
As	part	of	our	acquisition	of	SolarCity,	we	acquired	certain	PV	cell	manufacturing	and	technology	assets,	and	a	build-to-suit	lease	arrangement	with	the	Research	Foundation	for	the	State	University	of	New	York	(the	“Foundation”).
This	agreement	with	the	Foundation	provides	for	the	construction	of	Gigafactory	2	in	Buffalo,	New	York,	which	at	full	capacity	we	expect	will	be	capable	of	producing	1	gigawatt	of	PV	cells,	including	for	our	solar	roof.	Under	this	agreement,	we
are	obligated	to,	among	other	things,	employ	specified	minimum	numbers	of	personnel	in	the	State	of	New	York	during	the	10-year	period	following	the	arrival	of	manufacturing	equipment,	the	receipt	of	certain	permits	and	other	specified	items
at	Gigafactory	2,	and	spend	or	incur	approximately	$5	billion	in	combined	capital,	operational	expenses,	costs	of	goods	sold	and	other	costs	in	the	State	of	New	York	during	the	10-year	period	following	the	achievement	of	full	production	output	at
Gigafactory	2.	If	we	fail	in	any	year	over	the	course	of	the	term	of	the	agreement	to	meet	these	obligations,	we	would	be	obligated	to	pay	a	“program	payment”	of	$41.2	million	to	the	Foundation	in	such	year.	Any	inability	on	our	part	to	comply
with	the	requirements	of	this	agreement	may	result	in	the	payment	of	significant	amounts	to	the	Foundation,	the	termination	of	our	lease	at	Gigafactory	2,	and/or	the	need	to	secure	an	alternative	supply	of	PV	cells	for	products	such	as	our	solar
roof.	Moreover,	if	we	are	unable	to	utilize	the	other	manufacturing	and	technology	assets	that	were	acquired	in	the	SolarCity	acquisition	in	accordance	with	our	expectations,	we	may	have	to	recognize	accounting	charges	pertaining	to	the	write-
off	of	such	assets.	Any	of	the	foregoing	events	could	have	a	material	adverse	effect	on	our	business,	prospects,	financial	condition	and	operating	results.
We	are	exposed	to	fluctuations	in	currency	exchange	rates,	which	could	negatively	affect	our	financial	results.
Our	revenues	and	costs	denominated	in	foreign	currencies	are	not	completely	matched.	As	we	have	increased	Model	S	deliveries	in	markets	outside	of	the	United	States,	we	have	much	higher	revenues	than	costs	denominated	in	other
currencies	such	as	the	euro,	Chinese	yuan,	Norwegian	kroner,	British	pound	and	Canadian	dollar.	Any	strengthening	of	the	U.S.	dollar	would	tend	to	reduce	our	revenues	as	measured	in	U.S.	dollars,	as	we	have	historically	experienced.	In
addition,	a	portion	of	our	costs	and	expenses	have	been,	and	we	anticipate	will	continue	to	be,	denominated	in	foreign	currencies,	including	the	Japanese	yen.	If	we	do	not	have	fully	offsetting	revenues	in	these	currencies	and	if	the	value	of	the
U.S.	dollar	depreciates	significantly	against	these	currencies,	our	costs	as	measured	in	U.S.	dollars	as	a	percent	of	our	revenues	will	correspondingly	increase	and	our	margins	will	suffer.	Moreover,	while	we	undertake	limited	hedging	activities
intended	to	offset	the	impact	of	currency	translation	exposure,	it	is	impossible	to	predict	or	eliminate	such	impact.	As	a	result,	our	operating	results	could	be	adversely	affected.
If	we	are	unable	to	attract	and/or	retain	key	employees	and	hire	qualified	personnel,	our	ability	to	compete	could	be	harmed.
The	loss	of	the	services	of	any	of	our	key	employees	could	disrupt	our	operations,	delay	the	development	and	introduction	of	our	vehicles	and	services,	and	negatively	impact	our	business,	prospects	and	operating	results.	In	particular,
we	are	highly	dependent	on	the	services	of	Elon	Musk,	our	Chief	Executive	Officer,	and	Jeffrey	B.	Straubel,	our	Chief	Technical	Officer.
None	of	our	key	employees	is	bound	by	an	employment	agreement	for	any	specific	term	and	we	may	not	be	able	to	successfully	attract	and	retain	senior	leadership	necessary	to	grow	our	business.	Our	future	success	depends	upon	our
ability	to	attract	and	retain	executive	officers	and	other	key	technology,	sales,	marketing,	engineering,	manufacturing	and	support	personnel	and	any	failure	to	do	so	could	adversely	impact	our	business,	prospects,	financial	condition	and
operating	results.
	
22	
Key	talent	may	leave	Tesla	due	to	various	factors,	such	as	a	very	competitive	labor	market	for	talented	individuals	with	automotive	experience.	Currently	in	California,	there	is	increasing	competition	for	talented	individuals	with	the
specialized	knowledge	of	electric	vehicles,	software	engineers,	manufacturing	engineers	and	other	skilled	employees.	This	competition	affects	both	our	ability	to	retain	key	employees	and	hire	new	ones.	Our	continued	success	depends	upon	our
continued	ability	to	hire	new	employees	in	a	timely	manner,	especially	to	support	our	expansion	plans	and	ramp	to	high-volume	manufacture	of	vehicles,	and	retain	current	employees.	Additionally,	we	compete	with	both	mature	and	prosperous
companies	that	have	far	greater	financial	resources	than	we	do	and	start-ups	and	emerging	companies	that	promise	short-term	growth	opportunities.	Difficulties	in	retaining	current	employees	or	recruiting	new	ones	could	have	an	adverse	effect
on	our	performance.
We	are	highly	dependent	on	the	services	of	Elon	Musk,	our	Chief	Executive	Officer.
We	are	highly	dependent	on	the	services	of	Elon	Musk,	our	Chief	Executive	Officer,	Chairman	of	our	Board	of	Directors	and	largest	stockholder.	Although	Mr.	Musk	spends	significant	time	with	Tesla	and	is	highly	active	in	our
management,	he	does	not	devote	his	full	time	and	attention	to	Tesla.	Among	other	commitments,	Mr.	Musk	also	currently	serves	as	Chief	Executive	Officer	and	Chief	Technical	Officer	of	Space	Exploration	Technologies,	a	developer	and
manufacturer	of	space	launch	vehicles.
We	are	subject	to	various	environmental	and	safety	laws	and	regulations	that	could	impose	substantial	costs	upon	us	and	negatively	impact	our	ability	to	operate	our	manufacturing	facilities.
As	a	manufacturing	company,	including	with	respect	to	facilities	such	as	the	Tesla	Factory,	Gigafactory	1	and	Gigafactory	2,	we	are	subject	to	complex	environmental,	health	and	safety	laws	and	regulations	at	numerous	jurisdictional
levels	in	the	United	States	and	abroad,	including	laws	relating	to	the	use,	handling,	storage,	disposal	and	human	exposure	to	hazardous	materials.	The	costs	of	compliance,	including	remediating	contamination	if	any	is	found	on	our	properties
and	any	changes	to	our	operations	mandated	by	new	or	amended	laws,	may	be	significant.	We	may	also	face	unexpected	delays	in	obtaining	permits	and	approvals	required	by	such	laws	in	connection	with	our	manufacturing	facilities,	which
would	hinder	our	operation	of	these	facilities.	Such	costs	and	delays	may	adversely	impact	our	business	prospects	and	operating	results.	Furthermore,	any	violations	of	these	laws	may	result	in	substantial	fines	and	penalties,	remediation	costs,
third	party	damages,	or	a	suspension	or	cessation	of	our	operations.
Our	business	may	be	adversely	affected	by	any	disruptions	caused	by	union	activities.
It	is	common	for	employees	at	companies	with	significant	manufacturing	operations	such	as	us	to	belong	to	a	union,	which	can	result	in	higher	employee	costs	and	increased	risk	of	work	stoppages.	Moreover,	regulations	in	some
jurisdictions	outside	of	the	United	States	mandate	employee	participation	in	industrial	collective	bargaining	agreements	and	work	councils	with	certain	consultation	rights	with	respect	to	the	relevant	companies’	operations.	Although	we	work
diligently	to	provide	the	best	possible	work	environment	for	our	employees,	they	may	still	decide	to	join	or	seek	recognition	to	form	a	labor	union,	or	we	may	be	required	to	become	a	union	signatory.	Furthermore,	we	are	directly	or	indirectly
dependent	upon	companies	with	unionized	work	forces,	such	as	parts	suppliers	and	trucking	and	freight	companies,	and	work	stoppages	or	strikes	organized	by	such	unions	could	have	a	material	adverse	impact	on	our	business,	financial
condition	or	operating	results.	If	a	work	stoppage	occurs,	it	could	delay	the	manufacture	and	sale	of	our	products	and	have	a	material	adverse	effect	on	our	business,	prospects,	operating	results	or	financial	condition.
Our	products	and	services	are	subject	to	substantial	regulations,	which	are	evolving,	and	unfavorable	changes	or	failure	by	us	to	comply	with	these	regulations	could	substantially	harm	our	business	and
operating	results.
Motor	vehicles	are	subject	to	substantial	regulation	under	international,	federal,	state,	and	local	laws.	We	incur	significant	costs	in	complying	with	these	regulations,	and	may	be	required	to	incur	additional	costs	to	comply	with	any
changes	to	such	regulations.	We	are	subject	to	laws	and	regulations	applicable	to	the	import,	sale	and	service	of	automobiles	internationally.	For	example,	in	countries	outside	of	the	United	States,	we	are	required	to	meet	vehicle-specific	safety
standards	that	are	often	materially	different	from	requirements	in	the	United	States,	thus	resulting	in	additional	investment	into	the	vehicles	and	systems	to	ensure	regulatory	compliance	in	those	countries.	This	process	may	include	official
review	and	certification	of	our	vehicles	by	foreign	regulatory	agencies	prior	to	market	entry,	as	well	as	compliance	with	foreign	reporting	and	recall	management	systems	requirements.
Additionally,	our	vehicles	are	equipped	with	a	range	of	autopilot	features	that	assist	drivers,	relieving	them	of	certain	tedious	and	potentially	dangerous	aspects	of	road	travel.	Autopilot	is	a	recently-introduced	feature	with	which
domestic	and	foreign	regulators	have	limited	experience.	Any	current	or	future	proposed	regulations	in	this	area,	if	passed,	could	impact	whether	and	how	our	customers	are	able	to	use	our	vehicles	equipped	for	autopilot,	and	which,	depending
on	the	severity	of	the	regulations,	could	adversely	affect	our	business.
	
23	
Moreover,	as	a	provider	of	electricity	generated	by	the	solar	energy	systems	we	install	for	customers,	we	are	impacted	by	federal,	state	and	local	regulations	and	policies	concerning	electricity	pricing,	the	interconnection	of	customer-
generated	electricity	with	the	electric	grid,	and	the	sale	of	electricity	generated	by	third-party	owned	systems.	For	example,	existing	or	proposed	regulations	and	policies	
would	permit
	utilities	to	
limit	the	amount	of	electricity	generated	by	our
customers	with	their	solar	energy	systems,	
charge	fees	and	penalties	to	our	customers	relating	to	the	purchase	of	energy	other	than	from	the	grid,	adjust	electricity	rate	designs	such	that	the	price	of	our	solar	products	may	not	be	competitive
with	that	of	electricity	from	the	grid,	restrict	us	and	our	customers	from	transacting	under	our	power	purchase	agreements	or	qualifying	for	government	incentives	and	benefits	that	apply	to	solar	power,	and	
limit
	or	eliminate	net	energy
metering.	If	such	regulations	and	policies	remain	in	effect	or	are	adopted	in	other	jurisdictions,	
or	if	other	regulations	and	policies	that	facilitate	the	connection	of	our	solar	energy	systems	to	the	grid	are	modified	or	eliminated,	
they	could	deter
potential	customers	from	purchasing	our	solar	products,	threaten	the	economics	of	our	existing	contracts	and	cause	us	to	cease	solar	energy	system	sales	and	operations	
in	
the	relevant	jurisdictions,	which	could	harm	our	business,	prospects,
financial	condition	and	results	of	operations.
We	are	subject	to	various	privacy	and	consumer	protection	laws.
Our	privacy	policy	is	posted	on	our	website,	and	any	failure	by	us	or	our	vendor	or	other	business	partners	to	comply	with	it	or	with	federal,	state	or	international	privacy,	data	protection	or	security	laws	or	regulations	could	result	in
regulatory	or	litigation-related	actions	against	us,	legal	liability,	fines,	damages	and	other	costs.	We	may	also	incur	substantial	expenses	and	costs	in	connection	with	maintaining	compliance	with	such	laws,	in	particular	data	protection	laws	in
the	EU,	which	are	currently	in	a	state	of	transition.	Although	we	take	steps	to	protect	the	security	of	our	customers’	personal	information,	we	may	be	required	to	expend	significant	resources	to	comply	with	data	breach	requirements	if	third
parties	improperly	obtain	and	use	the	personal	information	of	our	customers	or	we	otherwise	experience	a	data	loss	with	respect	to	customers’	personal	information.	A	major	breach	of	our	network	security	and	systems	could	have	negative
consequences	for	our	business	and	future	prospects,	including	possible	fines,	penalties	and	damages,	reduced	customer	demand	for	our	vehicles,	and	harm	to	our	reputation	and	brand.
We	may	be	compelled	to	undertake	product	recalls	or	take	other	actions,	which	could	adversely	affect	our	brand	image	and	financial	performance.
Any	product	recall	in	the	future	may	result	in	adverse	publicity,	damage	our	brand	and	adversely	affect	our	business,	prospects,	operating	results	and	financial	condition.	For	example,	we	initiated	a	Model	S	recall	in	November	2015
after	we	discovered	a	single	field	unit	with	a	front	seat	belt	issue,	and	a	Model	X	recall	in	April	2016	after	an	internal	test	revealed	unintended	movement	in	the	third	row	seats	during	a	collision.		None	of	our	past	recalls	have	been	related	to	our
electric	powertrain
.
	In	the	future,	we	may	at	various	times,	voluntarily	or	involuntarily,	initiate	a	recall	if	any	of	our	products	or	our	electric	vehicle	powertrain	components	that	we	provide	to	other	vehicle	OEMs,	including	any	systems	or	parts
sourced	from	our	suppliers,	prove	to	be	defective	or	noncompliant	with	applicable	laws	and	regulations,	such	as	federal	motor	vehicle	safety	standards.	Such	recalls,	whether	voluntary	or	involuntary	or	caused	by	systems	or	components
engineered	or	manufactured	by	us	or	our	suppliers,	could	involve	significant	expense	and	could	adversely	affect	our	brand	image	in	our	target	markets,	as	well	as	our	business,	prospects,	financial	condition	and	results	of	operations.
Our	current	and	future	warranty	reserves	may	be	insufficient	to	cover	future	warranty	claims	which	could	adversely	affect	our	financial	performance.
Subject	to	separate	limited	warranties	for	the	supplemental	restraint	system,	battery	and	drive	unit,	we	provide	four	year	or	50,000	mile	limited	warranties	for	the	purchasers	of	new	Model	S	and	Model	X	vehicles	and	pre-owned
Model	S	vehicles	certified	and	sold	by	us.	The	limited	warranty	for	the	battery	and	drive	unit	covers	the	drive	unit	for	eight	years,	as	well	as	the	battery	for	a	period	of	eight	years	(or	for	certain	older	vehicles,	125,000	miles	if	reached	sooner	than
eight	years),	although	the	battery’s	charging	capacity	is	not	covered	under	any	of	our	warranties	or	Extended	Service	plans.	In	addition,	customers	of	new	Model	S	and	Model	X	vehicles	have	the	opportunity	to	purchase	an	Extended	Service	plan
for	the	period	after	the	end	of	the	limited	warranty	for	their	new	vehicles	to	cover	additional	services	for	up	to	an	additional	four	years	or	50,000	miles,	provided	it	is	purchased	within	a	specified	period	of	time.
For	energy	storage	products,	we	provide	limited	warranties	against	defects	and	to	guarantee	certain	levels	of	minimum	energy	retention.	For	example,	we	guarantee	that	each	Powerwall	2	product	will	maintain	at	least	70-80%	of	its
stated	capacity	after	10	years,	and	that	each	Powerpack	2	product	will	retain	specified	minimum	energy	capacities	in	each	of	its	first	10	years	of	use	(subject	to	stated	throughput	caps).	We	also	offer	extended	warranties	for	periods	of	up	to	20
years	at	additional	cost	at	the	time	of	purchase,	including	a	“capacity	maintenance	agreement”	available	for	the	Powerpack	2,	as	well	as	workmanship	warranties	and	system	availability	guarantees	to	customers	who	elect	to	have	us	install	their
systems	or	perform	preventative	maintenance	services,	respectively.		
	
24	
Finally,	customers	who	buy	energy	from	us	under	solar	energy	system	leases	or	power	purchase	agreements	are	covered	by	warranties	equal	to	the	length	of	the	agreement	term,	which	is	typically	20	years.	Systems	purchased	for
cash	are	covered	by	a	warranty	of	up	to	10	years,	with	extended	warranties	available	at	additional	cost.	In	addition,	we	pass	through	to	our	customers	the	inverter	and	panel	manufacturers’	warranties,	which	generally	range	from	5	to	25	years,
subjecting	us	to	the	risk	that	the	manufacturers	may	later	cease	operations	or	fail	to	honor	their	underlying	warranties.	Finally,	we	provide	a	performance	guarantee	with	our	leased	solar	energy	systems	that	compensates	a	customer	on	an
annual	basis	if	their	system	does	not	meet	the	electricity	production	guarantees	set	forth	in	their	lease.
If	our	warranty	reserves	are	inadequate	to	cover	future	warranty	claims	on	our	products,	our	business,	prospects,	financial	condition	and	operating	results	could	be	materially	and	adversely	affected.	Warranty	reserves	include
management’s	best	estimate	of	the	projected	costs	to	repair	or	to	replace	items	under	warranty.	These	estimates	are	based	on	actual	claims	incurred	to-date	and	an	estimate	of	the	nature,	frequency	and	costs	of	future	claims.	Such	estimates	are
inherently	uncertain	and	changes	to	our	historical	or	projected	experience,	especially	with	respect	to	products	such	as	Model	3	that	are	new	and/or	that	we	expect	to	produce	at	significantly	greater	volumes	than	our	past	products,	may	cause
material	changes	to	our	warranty	reserves	in	the	future.
We	are	currently	expanding	and	improving	our	information	technology	systems	and	use	security	measures	designed	to	protect	our	systems	against	breaches	and	cyber-attacks.	If	these	efforts	are	not	successful,
our	business	and	operations	could	be	disrupted	and	our	operating	results	and	reputation	could	be	harmed.
We	are	currently	expanding	and	improving	our	information	technology	systems,	including	implementing	new	internally	developed	systems,	to	assist	us	in	the	management	of	our	business.	In	particular,	our	volume	production	of
multiple	vehicles	necessitates	continued	development,	maintenance	and	improvement	of	our	information	technology	systems	in	the	United	States	and	abroad,	which	include	product	data	management,	procurement,	inventory	management,
production	planning	and	execution,	sales,	service	and	logistics,	dealer	management,	financial,	tax	and	regulatory	compliance	systems.	The	implementation,	maintenance	and	improvement	of	these	systems	require	significant	management	time,
support	and	cost.	Moreover,	there	are	inherent	risks	associated	with	developing,	improving	and	expanding	our	core	systems	as	well	as	implementing	new	systems,	including	the	disruption	of	our	data	management,	procurement,	manufacturing
execution,	finance,	supply	chain	and	sales	and	service	processes.	These	risks	may	affect	our	ability	to	manage	our	data	and	inventory,	procure	parts	or	supplies	or	manufacture,	sell,	deliver	and	service	vehicles,	or	achieve	and	maintain
compliance	with,	or	realize	available	benefits	under,	tax	laws	and	other	applicable	regulations.	We	also	maintain	information	technology	measures	designed	to	protect	us	against	system	security	risks,	data	breaches	and	cyber-attacks.
We	cannot	be	sure	that	these	systems	or	their	required	functionality	will	be	effectively	implemented,	maintained	or	expanded	as	planned.	If	we	do	not	successfully	implement,	maintain	or	expand	these	systems	as	planned,	our
operations	may	be	disrupted,	our	ability	to	accurately	and/or	timely	report	our	financial	results	could	be	impaired,	and	deficiencies	may	arise	in	our	internal	control	over	financial	reporting,	which	may	impact	our	ability	to	certify	our	financial
results.	Moreover,	our	proprietary	information	could	be	compromised	and	our	reputation	may	be	adversely	affected.	If	these	systems	or	their	functionality	do	not	operate	as	we	expect	them	to,	we	may	be	required	to	expend	significant	resources
to	make	corrections	or	find	alternative	sources	for	performing	these	functions.
Our	insurance	strategy	may	not	be	adequate	to	protect	us	from	all	business	risks.
We	may	be	subject,	in	the	ordinary	course	of	business,	to	losses	resulting	from	products	liability,	accidents,	acts	of	God	and	other	claims	against	us,	for	which	we	may	have	no	insurance	coverage.	While	we	currently	maintain	general
liability,	automobile,	property,	workers’	compensation,	and	directors’	and	officers’	insurance	policies,	as	a	general	matter,	we	do	not	maintain	as	much	insurance	coverage	as	many	other	companies	do,	and	in	some	cases,	we	do	not	maintain	any
at	all.	Additionally,	the	policies	that	we	do	have	may	include	significant	deductibles,	and	we	cannot	be	certain	that	our	insurance	coverage	will	be	sufficient	to	cover	all	future	claims	against	us.	A	loss	that	is	uninsured	or	which	exceeds	policy
limits	may	require	us	to	pay	substantial	amounts,	which	could	adversely	affect	our	financial	condition	and	operating	results.
Our	financial	results	may	vary	significantly	from	period-to-period	due	to	fluctuations	in	our	operating	costs.
We	expect	our	period-to-period	financial	results	to	vary	based	on	our	operating	costs	which	we	anticipate	will	increase	significantly	in	future	periods	as	we,	among	other	things,	design,	develop	and	manufacture	Model	3,	energy
storage	and	solar	products	and	other	future	products,	increase	the	production	capacity	at	our	manufacturing	facilities	to	produce	vehicles	at	higher	volumes,	including	ramping	up	the	production	of	Model	S	and	Model	X,	expand	Gigafactory	1,
open	new	Tesla	stores	and	service	centers	with	maintenance	and	repair	capabilities,	open	new	Supercharger	locations,	develop	Gigafactory	2,	increase	our	sales	and	marketing	activities,	and	increase	our	general	and	administrative	functions	to
support	our	growing	operations.	As	a	result	of	these	factors,	we	believe	that	quarter-to-quarter	comparisons	of	our	financial	results,	especially	in	the	short-term,	are	not	necessarily	meaningful	and	that	these	comparisons	cannot	be	relied	upon	as
indicators	of	future	performance.	Moreover,	our	financial	results	may	not	meet	expectations	of	equity	research	analysts	or	investors.	If	any	of	this	occurs,	the	trading	price	of	our	stock	could	fall	substantially,	either	suddenly	or	over	time.
	
25	
Any	unauthorized	control	or	manipulation	of	our	vehicles’	systems	could	result	in	loss	of	confidence	in	us	and	our	vehicles	and	harm	our	business.
Our	vehicles	contain	complex	information	technology	systems.	For	example,	our	vehicles	are	designed	with	built-in	data	connectivity	to	accept	and	install	periodic	remote	updates	from	us	to	improve	or	update	the	functionality	of	our
vehicles.	We	have	designed,	implemented	and	tested	security	measures	intended	to	prevent	unauthorized	access	to	our	information	technology	networks,	our	vehicles	and	their	systems.	However,	hackers	have	reportedly	attempted,	and	may
attempt	in	the	future,	to	gain	unauthorized	access	to	modify,	alter	and	use	such	networks,	vehicles	and	systems	to	gain	control	of,	or	to	change,	our	vehicles’	functionality,	user	interface	and	performance	characteristics,	or	to	gain	access	to	data
stored	in	or	generated	by	the	vehicle.	We	encourage	reporting	of	potential	vulnerabilities	in	the	security	of	our	vehicles	via	our	security	vulnerability	reporting	policy,	and	we	aim	to	remedy	any	reported	and	verified	vulnerabilities.	Accordingly,
we	have	received	reports	of	potential	vulnerabilities	in	the	past	and	have	attempted	to	remedy	them.	However,	there	can	be	no	assurance	that	vulnerabilities	will	not	be	identified	in	the	future,	or	that	our	remediation	efforts	are	or	will	be
successful.
Any	unauthorized	access	to	or	control	of	our	vehicles	or	their	systems	or	any	loss	of	data	could	result	in	legal	claims	or	proceedings.	In	addition,	regardless	of	their	veracity,	reports	of	unauthorized	access	to	our	vehicles,	their	systems
or	data,	as	well	as	other	factors	that	may	result	in	the	perception	that	our	vehicles,	their	systems	or	data	are	capable	of	being	“hacked,”	could	negatively	affect	our	brand	and	harm	our	business,	prospects,	financial	condition	and	operating
results.	
We	have	been	the	subject	of	such	reports	in	the	past.
Servicing	our	indebtedness	requires	a	significant	amount	of	cash,	and	we	may	not	have	sufficient	cash	flow	from	our	business	to	pay	our	substantial	indebtedness.
		
As	of	December	31,	2016,	we	had	outstanding	in	aggregate	principal	amounts	$205	million	of	the	2018	Notes,	$920	million	of	the	2019	Notes	and	$1.38	billion	of	the	2021	Notes	(collectively,	the	“Tesla	Convertible	Notes”).		In
addition,	we	have	established	a	senior	secured	asset	based	revolving	credit	agreement	(the	“Credit	Agreement”)	that	allows	us	to	borrow,	under	certain	circumstances,	up	to	$1.2	billion.		As	of	December	31,	2016,	we	had	$969	million	in
borrowings	under	the	credit	facility	pursuant	to	the	Credit	Agreement.	
We	are	also	party	to	a	warehouse	credit	facility	with	lender	commitments	of	$600	million	(the	“Warehouse	Facility”),	of	which	we	had	borrowed	$390	million	as	of	December
31,	2016.	
Moreover,	as	of	December	31,	2016,	our	subsidiary	SolarCity	Corporation,	together	with	its	subsidiaries,	had	total	outstanding	indebtedness	of	$3.6	billion,	including	under	its	credit	facilities	(the	“SolarCity	Credit	Facilities”).	Such
outstanding	indebtedness	included	$364	million	drawn	under	a	secured	revolving	credit	facility	with	lender	commitments	of	$418.5	million	as	of	December	31,	2016	(including	commitments	expiring	as	of	such	date),	which	matures	in	December
2017,	as	well	as	$230	million	in	aggregate	principal	amount	of	2.75%	convertible	senior	notes	due	2018,	$566	million	in	aggregate	principal	amount	of	1.625%	convertible	senior	notes	due	2019	and	$113	million	in	aggregate	principal	amount	of
zero	coupon	convertible	senior	notes	due	2020	(collectively,	the	“SolarCity	Convertible	Notes”).	Our	substantial	consolidated	indebtedness	may	increase	our	vulnerability	to	any	generally	adverse	economic	and	industry	conditions,	and	we	and
our	subsidiaries	may,	subject	to	the	limitations	in	the	terms	of	our	existing	and	future	indebtedness,	incur	additional	debt,	secure	existing	or	future	debt	or	recapitalize	our	debt.
Pursuant	to	their	terms,	holders	may	convert	their	Tesla	Convertible	Notes	at	their	option	prior	to	the	scheduled	maturities	of	the	respective	Tesla	Convertible	Notes	under	certain	circumstances.	The	2018	Notes	have	been	convertible
at	their	holders’	option	during	each	quarter	commencing	with	the	fourth	quarter	of	2013,	except	the	first	quarter	of	2014.	Upon	conversion	of	the	applicable	Tesla	Convertible	Notes,	we	will	be	obligated	to	make	cash	payments	in	respect	of	the
principal	amounts	thereof,	and	we	may	also	have	to	deliver	cash	and/or	shares	of	our	common	stock,	in	respect	of	the	conversion	value	in	excess	of	such	principal	amounts	on	such	Tesla	Convertible	Notes.	For	example,	as	of	December	31,	2016,
we	have	repaid	in	cash	approximately	$455	million	in	aggregate	principal	amount	of	the	2018	Notes	due	to	early	conversions.	The	SolarCity	Convertible	Notes	are	also	currently	convertible	into	shares	of	our	common	stock	at	conversion	prices
ranging	from	$300.00	to	$759.36	per	share.		In	addition,	holders	of	the	Tesla	Convertible	Notes	and	the	SolarCity	Convertible	Notes	will	have	the	right	to	require	us	to	repurchase	their	notes	upon	the	occurrence	of	a	fundamental	change	at	a
purchase	price	equal	to	100%	of	the	principal	amount	of	the	notes,	plus	accrued	and	unpaid	interest,	if	any,	to,	but	not	including,	the	fundamental	change	purchase	date.
	
26	
Our	ability	to	make	scheduled	payments	of	
the	
principal	
and
	interest	
on
	our	indebtedness	
when	due	or	to	make	payments	
upon	conversion	
or	repurchase	demands	with	respect	to	our	convertible	notes,	or	to	refinance	our	indebtedness
as	we	may	need	or	desire
,	depends	on	our	future	performance,	which	is	subject	to	economic,	financial,	competitive	and	other	factors	beyond	our	control.	Our	business	may	not	continue	to	generate	cash	flow	from	operations	in	the	future
sufficient	to	satisfy	
our	
obligations	under
	our	existing	indebtedness,	and
	any	future	indebtedness	we	may	incur,	and	to	make	necessary	capital	expenditures.	If	we	are	unable	to	generate	such	cash	flow,	we	may	be	required	to	adopt	one	or	more
alternatives,	such	as	reducing	or	delaying	investments	or	capital	expenditures,	selling	assets,	refinancing	or	obtaining	additional	equity	capital	on	terms	that	may	be	onerous	or	highly	dilutive.	Our	ability	to	refinance	existing	or	future
indebtedness	will	depend	on	the	capital	markets	and	our	financial	condition	at	such	time.	
In	addition,	our	ability	to	make	payments	may	be	limited	by	law,	by	regulatory	authority	or	by	agreements	governing	our	future	indebtedness.	
We	may	not
be	able	to	engage	in	any	of	these	activities	or	engage	in	these	activities	on	desirable	terms	or	at	all,	which	could	result	in	a	default	on	
our	existing
	or	future	indebtedness	and	have	a	material	adverse	effect	on	our	business,	results	of	operations
and	financial	condition.
Our	debt	agreements	contain	covenant	restrictions	that	may	limit	our	ability	to	operate	our	business.
The	terms	of	our	Credit	Facility	and/or	certain	of	the	SolarCity	Credit	Facilities	contain,	and	any	of	our	other	future	debt	agreements	may	contain,	covenant	restrictions	that	limit	our	ability	to	operate	our	business,	including
restrictions	on	our	ability	to,	among	other	things,	
incur	additional	debt	or	issue	guarantees,	create	liens,	repurchase	stock	or	make	other	restricted	payments,	and	make	certain	voluntary	prepayments	of	specified	debt.	In	addition,	under	certain
circumstances	we	are	required	to	comply	with	a	fixed	charge	coverage	ratio.	As	a	result	of	these
	covenants,	our	ability	to	respond	to	changes	in	business	and	economic	conditions	and	engage	in	beneficial	transactions,	including	to	obtain
additional	financing	as	needed,	may	be	restricted.	Furthermore,	our	failure	to	comply	with	our	debt	covenants	could	result	in	a	default	under	our	debt	agreements,	which	could	permit	the	holders	to	accelerate	our	obligation	to	repay	the	debt.	If
any	of	our	debt	is	accelerated,	we	may	not	have	sufficient	funds	available	to	repay	it.
The	classification	of	our	convertible	notes	may	have	an	effect	on	our	reported	financial	results.
Our	2018	Notes	and	the	SolarCity	Convertible	Notes	have	been	historically,	and	our	2019	Notes	and	2021	Notes	may	become	in	the	future,	convertible	at	the	option	of	their	holders	prior	to	their	scheduled	terms	under	certain
circumstances.	Even	if	holders	do	not	elect	to	convert	their	convertible	notes,	if	such	notes	become	convertible	prior	to	their	scheduled	maturity	dates,	we	would	be	required	to	reclassify	such	notes	and	the	related	debt	issuance	costs	as	current
liabilities	and	certain	portions	of	our	equity	outside	of	equity	to	mezzanine	equity,	which	would	have	an	adverse	impact	on	our	reported	financial	results	for	such	quarter,	and	could	have	an	adverse	impact	on	the	market	price	of	our	common
stock.
We	may	need
	or	
want
	to	raise	additional	funds	and	
these	funds	may
	not	
be	available	to	us	when	we	need	them.	If	we	cannot	raise	additional	funds	when	we	need	or	want	them
,	our	operations	and	prospects	could
be	negatively	affected
.
The	design,	manufacture,	sale,	installation	and/or	servicing	of	automobiles,	energy	storage	products	and	solar	products	is	a	capital	intensive	business.	Until	we	are	consistently	generating	positive	free	cash	flows,	we	may	need	or	want
to	raise	additional	funds	through	the	issuance	of	equity,	equity-related	or	debt	securities	or	through	obtaining	credit	from	financial	institutions	to	fund,	together	with
	our	principal	sources	of	liquidity
,
	the	costs	
of
	developing
	and
	manufacturing
our	current	or	future	vehicles
,	energy	storage	products	and/or	solar	products,	to	pay
	any	significant	unplanned	
or	accelerated	
expenses	or	
for	
new	significant	strategic	investments,	or	to	refinance	our	significant	consolidated	indebtedness,	even
if	not	required	to	do	so	by	the	terms	of	such	indebtedness.	We	need	sufficient	capital	to	fund	our	ongoing	operations,	continue	research	and	development	projects,	establish	sales	and	service	centers,	build	and	deploy	Superchargers
,	expand
Gigafactory	1,	
develop	Gigafactory	2	and	to	make	the	investments	in	tooling	and	manufacturing	capital	required	to	introduce	new	vehicles
,	energy	storage	products	and	solar	products.	We	cannot	be	certain	that	additional	funds	will	be	available
to	us	on	favorable	terms	when	required,	or	at	all.
	If	we	cannot	raise	additional	funds	when	we	need	them,	our	financial	condition,	results	of	operations,	business	and	prospects	could	be	materially	
and	
adversely	affected.
Additionally,	we	use	capital	from	third-party	fund	investors	to	reduce	the	cost	of	capital	of	our	solar	energy	system	installations,	improve	our	margins,	offset	future	reductions	in	government	incentives	and	maintain	the	price
competitiveness	of	our	solar	energy	systems.	The	availability	of	this	tax-advantaged	financing	depends	upon	many	factors,	including	the	confidence	of	the	investors	in	the	solar	energy	industry	and	the	quality	and	mix	of	our	customer	contracts,
any	regulatory	changes	impacting	the	economics	of	our	existing	customer	contracts,	changes	in	legal	and	tax	advantages	or	risks	or	government	incentives	associated	with	these	financings,	and	our	ability	to	compete	with	other	renewable	energy
companies	for	the	limited	number	of	potential	fund	investors.	Moreover,	interest	rates	are	at	historically	low	levels.	If	the	rate	of	return	required	by	investors	rises	as	a	result	of	a	rise	in	interest	rates,	it	will	reduce	the	present	value	of	the
customer	payment	streams	underlying,	and	therefore	the	total	value	of,	our	financing	structures,	increasing	our	cost	of	capital.	If	we	are	unable	to	establish	new	financing	funds	on	favorable	terms	for	third-party	ownership	arrangements	to
enable	our	customers’	access	to	our	solar	energy	systems	with	little	or	no	upfront	cost,	we	may	be	unable	to	finance	installation	of	our	customers’	systems,	or	our	cost	of	capital	could	increase	and	our	liquidity	may	be	negatively	impacted,	any	of
which	would	have	an	adverse	effect	on	our	business,	financial	condition	and	results	of	operations.		
	
27	
We	may	face	regulatory	limitations	on	our	ability	to	sell	vehicles	directly	which	could	materially	and	adversely	affect	our	ability	to	sell	our	electric	vehicles.
We	sell	our	vehicles	directly	to	consumers.	We	may	not	be	able	to	sell	our	vehicles	through	this	sales	model	in	each	state	in	the	United	States	as	some	states	have	laws	that	may	be	interpreted	to	impose	limitations	on	this	direct-to-
consumer	sales	model.	In	certain	states	in	which	we	are	not	able	to	obtain	dealer	licenses,	we	have	opened	galleries,	which	are	not	full	retail	locations.
The	application	of	these	state	laws	to	our	operations	continues	to	be	difficult	to	predict.	Laws	in	some	states	have	limited	our	ability	to	obtain	dealer	licenses	from	state	motor	vehicle	regulators	and	may	continue	to	do	so.
In	addition,	decisions	by	regulators	permitting	us	to	sell	vehicles	may	be	subject	to	challenges	by	dealer	associations	and	others	as	to	whether	such	decisions	comply	with	applicable	state	motor	vehicle	industry	laws.	We	have	prevailed
in	many	of	these	lawsuits	and	such	results	have	reinforced	our	continuing	belief	that	state	laws	were	not	designed	to	prevent	our	distribution	model.	In	some	states,	there	have	also	been	regulatory	and	legislative	efforts	by	vehicle	dealer
associations	to	propose	bills	and	regulations	that,	if	enacted,	would	prevent	us	from	obtaining	dealer	licenses	in	their	states	given	our	current	sales	model.	A	few	states	have	passed	legislation	that	clarifies	our	ability	to	operate,	but	at	the	same
time	limits	the	number	of	dealer	licenses	we	can	obtain	or	stores	that	we	can	operate.	We	have	also	filed	a	lawsuit	in	federal	court	in	Michigan	challenging	the	constitutionality	of	the	state’s	prohibition	on	direct	sales	as	applied	to	our	business.
Internationally,	there	may	be	laws	in	jurisdictions	we	have	not	yet	entered	or	laws	we	are	unaware	of	in	jurisdictions	we	have	entered	that	may	restrict	our	sales	or	other	business	practices.	Even	for	those	jurisdictions	we	have
analyzed,	the	laws	in	this	area	can	be	complex,	difficult	to	interpret	and	may	change	over	time.
We	may	need	to	defend	ourselves	against	intellectual	property	infringement	claims,	which	may	be	time-consuming	and	could	cause	us	to	incur	substantial	costs.
Others,	including	our	competitors,	may	hold	or	obtain	patents,	copyrights,	trademarks	or	other	proprietary	rights	that	could	prevent,	limit	or	interfere	with	our	ability	to	make,	use,	develop,	sell	or	market	our	products	and	services,
which	could	make	it	more	difficult	for	us	to	operate	our	business.	From	time	to	time,	the	holders	of	such	intellectual	property	rights	may	assert	their	rights	and	urge	us	to	take	licenses,	and/or	may	bring	suits	alleging	infringement	or
misappropriation	of	such	rights.	We	may	consider	the	entering	into	licensing	agreements	with	respect	to	such	rights,	although	no	assurance	can	be	given	that	such	licenses	can	be	obtained	on	acceptable	terms	or	that	litigation	will	not	occur,	and
such	licenses	could	significantly	increase	our	operating	expenses.		In	addition,	if	we	are	determined	to	have	infringed	upon	a	third	party’s	intellectual	property	rights,	we	may	be	required	to	
cease	making,	selling	or	incorporating	certain
components	or	intellectual	property	into	the	goods	and	services	we	offer,	to	pay	substantial	damages	and/or	license	royalties,	to	redesign	our	products	and	services,	and/or	to	establish	and	maintain	alternative	branding	for	our	products	and
services.
	In	the	event	that	we	were	required	to	take	one	or	more	such	actions,	our	business,	prospects,	operating	results	and	financial	condition	could	be	materially	adversely	affected.	In	addition,	any	litigation	or	claims,	whether	or	not	valid,
could	result	in	substantial	costs,	negative	publicity	and	diversion	of	resources	and	management	attention.
Our	facilities	or	operations	could	be	damaged	or	adversely	affected	as	a	result	of	disasters.
Our	corporate	headquarters,	the	Tesla	Factory	and	Gigafactory	1	are	located	in	seismically	active	regions	in	Northern	California	and	Nevada.	If	major	disasters	such	as	earthquakes	or	other	events	occur,	or	our	information	system	or
communications	network	breaks	down	or	operates	improperly,	our	headquarters	and	production	facilities	may	be	seriously	damaged,	or	we	may	have	to	stop	or	delay	production	and	shipment	of	our	products.	We	may	incur	expenses	relating	to
such	damages,	which	could	have	a	material	adverse	impact	on	our	business,	operating	results	and	financial	condition.
Risks	Related	to	the	Ownership	of	our	Common	Stock
The	trading	price	of	our	common	stock	is	likely	to	continue	to	be	volatile.
The	trading	price	of	our	common	stock	has	been	highly	volatile	and	could	continue	to	be	subject	to	wide	fluctuations	in	response	to	various	factors,	some	of	which	are	beyond	our	control.	Our	common	stock	has	experienced	an	intra-
day	trading	high	of	$287.39	per	share	and	a	low	of	$178.19	per	share	over	the	last	52	weeks.	The	stock	market	in	general,	and	the	market	for	technology	companies	in	particular,	has	experienced	extreme	price	and	volume	fluctuations	that	have
often	been	unrelated	or	disproportionate	to	the	operating	performance	of	those	companies.	Broad	market	and	industry	factors	may	seriously	affect	the	market	price	of	companies’	stock,	including	ours,	regardless	of	actual	operating	performance.
In	addition,	in	the	past,	following	periods	of	volatility	in	the	overall	market	and	the	market	price	of	a	particular	company’s	securities,	securities	class	action	litigation	has	often	been	instituted	against	these	companies.	For	example,	a	shareholder
litigation	like	this	was	filed	against	us	in	2013.	While	the	plaintiffs’	complaint	was	dismissed	with	prejudice,	any	future	shareholder	litigation	could	result	in	substantial	costs	and	a	diversion	of	our	management’s	attention	and	resources.
	
28	
We	may	fail	to	meet	our	publicly	announced	guidance	or	other	expectations	about	our	business,	which	could	cause	our	stock	price	to	decline.
We	occasionally	provide	guidance	regarding	our	expected	financial	and	business	performance,	such	as	projections	regarding	sales	and	production,	as	well	as	anticipated	future	revenues,	gross	margins,	profitability	and	cash	flows.
Correctly	identifying	key	factors	affecting	business	conditions	and	predicting	future	events	is	inherently	an	uncertain	process	and	our	guidance	may	not	ultimately	be	accurate.	Our	guidance	is	based	on	certain	assumptions	such	as	those	relating
to	anticipated	production	and	sales	volumes	and	average	sales	prices,	supplier	and	commodity	costs,	and	planned	cost	reductions.	If	our	guidance	is	not	accurate	or	varies	from	actual	results	due	to	our	inability	to	meet	our	assumptions	or	the
impact	on	our	financial	performance	that	could	occur	as	a	result	of	various	risks	and	uncertainties,	the	market	value	of	our	common	stock	could	decline	significantly.
Transactions	relating	to	our	convertible	notes	may	dilute	the	ownership	interest	of	existing	stockholders,	or	may	otherwise	depress	the	price	of	our	common	stock.
The	conversion	of	some	or	all	of	the	Tesla	Convertible	Notes	or	the	SolarCity	Convertible	Notes	would	dilute	the	ownership	interests	of	existing	stockholders	to	the	extent	we	deliver	shares	upon	conversion	of	any	of	such	notes.	Our
2018	Notes	and	the	SolarCity	Convertible	Notes	have	been	historically,	and	the	other	Tesla	Convertible	Notes	may	become	in	the	future,	convertible	at	the	option	of	their	holders	prior	to	their	scheduled	terms	under	certain	circumstances.	If
holders	elect	to	convert	their	convertible	notes,	we	could	be	required	to	deliver	to	them	a	significant	number	of	shares	of	our	common	stock.	Any	sales	in	the	public	market	of	the	common	stock	issuable	upon	such	conversion	could	adversely
affect	prevailing	market	prices	of	our	common	stock.	In	addition,	the	existence	of	the	convertible	notes	may	encourage	short	selling	by	market	participants	because	the	conversion	of	such	notes	could	be	used	to	satisfy	short	positions,	or
anticipated	conversion	of	such	notes	into	shares	of	our	common	stock	could	depress	the	price	of	our	common	stock.
Moreover,	in	connection	with	each	issuance	of	the	Tesla	Convertible	Notes,	we	entered	into	convertible	note	hedge	transactions,	which	are	expected	to	reduce	the	potential	dilution	and/or	offset	potential	cash	payments	we	are
required	to	make	in	excess	of	the	principal	amount	upon	conversion	of	the	applicable	Tesla	Convertible	Notes.	We	also	entered	into	warrant	transactions	with	the	hedge	counterparties,	which	could	separately	have	a	dilutive	effect	on	our	common
stock	to	the	extent	that	the	market	price	per	share	of	our	common	stock	exceeds	the	applicable	strike	price	of	the	warrants	on	the	applicable	expiration	dates.	In	addition,	the	hedge	counterparties	or	their	affiliates	may	enter	into	various
transactions	with	respect	to	their	hedge	positions,	which	could	also	cause	or	prevent	an	increase	or	a	decrease	in	the	market	price	of	our	common	stock	or	the	convertible	notes.
Elon	Musk	has	pledged	shares	of	our	common	stock	to	secure	certain	bank	borrowings.	If	Mr.	Musk	were	forced	to	sell	these	shares	pursuant	to	a	margin	call	that	he	could	not	avoid	or	satisfy,	such	sales	could
cause	our	stock	price	to	decline.
Certain	banking	institutions	have	made	extensions	of	credit	to	Elon	Musk,	our	Chief	Executive	Officer,	a	portion	of	which	was	used	to	purchase	shares	of	common	stock	in	certain	of	our	public	offerings	and	private	placements	at	the
same	prices	offered	to	third	party	participants	in	such	offerings	and	placements.	We	are	not	a	party	to	these	loans,	which	are	partially	secured	by	pledges	of	a	portion	of	the	Tesla	common	stock	currently	owned	by	Mr.	Musk.	If	the	price	of	our
common	stock	were	to	decline	substantially	and	Mr.	Musk	were	unable	to	avoid	or	satisfy	a	margin	call	with	respect	to	his	pledged	shares,	Mr.	Musk	may	be	forced	by	one	or	more	of	the	banking	institutions	to	sell	shares	of	Tesla	common	stock
in	order	to	remain	within	the	margin	limitations	imposed	under	the	terms	of	his	loans.	Any	such	sales	could	cause	the	price	of	our	common	stock	to	decline	further.
Anti-takeover	provisions	contained	in	our	governing	documents,	applicable	laws	and	our	convertible	notes	could	impair	a	takeover	attempt.
Our	certificate	of	incorporation	and	bylaws	afford	certain	rights	and	powers	to	our	board	of	directors
	
that	
could
	contribute	to	the	delay	or	prevention	of	an	acquisition	that	it	deems	undesirable.	We	are	also	subject	to	Section	203	of
the	Delaware	General	Corporation	Law	and	other	provisions	of	Delaware	law	that	limit	the	ability	of	stockholders	in	certain	situations	to	effect	certain	business	combinations.	In	addition,	the	terms	of	our	convertible	notes	require	us	to
repurchase	such	notes	in	the	event	of	a	fundamental	change,	including	a	takeover	of	our	company.	Any	of	the	foregoing	provisions	and	terms	that	has	the	effect	of	delaying	or	deterring	a	change	in	control	could	limit	the	opportunity	for	our
stockholders	to	receive	a	premium	for	their	shares	of	our	common	stock,	and	could	also	affect	the	price	that	some	investors	are	willing	to	pay	for	our	common	stock.
	
	
I
TEM	1B.
UNRESOLVED	STAFF	COMMENTS
None.
	
	
	
29	
I
TEM	2.
PROPERTIES
The	following	table	sets	forth	the	location,	approximate	size	and	primary	use	of	our	principal	leased	and	owned	facilities:
	
Location
	
Approximate
Size	(Building)
in	Square	Feet
	
	
Primary	Use
	
Lease
Expiration
Date
Fremont,	California
	
	
5,400,000
	
	
Manufacturing,	administration,	engineering	services,	parts	warehousing,	and	vehicle	service
	
Owned	building
Sparks,	Nevada
	
	
1,100,000
	
*
Gigafactory	1	for	production	of	lithium	ion	battery	cells	and	Model	3	drive	units
	
Owned	building
Fremont,	California
	
	
1,067,000
	
	
Future	expansion	of	manufacturing	facilities
	
Owned	land
Livermore,	California
	
	
635,533
	
	
Warehouse
	
October	2026
Fremont,	California
	
	
506,490
	
	
Administration	and	manufacturing
	
September	2029
Tilburg,	Netherlands
	
	
499,710
	
	
Administration,	engineering	services,	powertrain	development	services,	parts	warehousing,	final	vehicle	assembly	and	vehicle
service
	
November
	
2023
Lathrop,	California
	
	
430,770
	
	
Manufacturing
	
Owned	building
Livermore,	California
	
	
367,734
	
	
Warehouse
	
October	2016
Palo	Alto,	California
	
	
350,000
	
	
Corporate	headquarters,	administration,	engineering	services	and	powertrain	development	services
	
January	2020
Sparks,	Nevada
	
	
304,200
	
	
Warehouse
	
December	2019
Fremont,	California
	
	
302,400
	
	
R&D	and	engineering
	
March	2028
Lathrop,	California
	
	
271,075
	
	
Manufacturing
	
May	2025
Hawthorne,	California
	
	
132,250
	
	
Vehicle	engineering	and	design	services
	
December	2022
Lathrop,	California
	
	
92,400
	
	
Warehouse
	
September	2019
Amsterdam,	Netherlands
	
	
71,142
	
	
Administration,	sales	and	service	center
	
February	2024
Beijing,	China
	
	
24,003
	
	
Administration,	sales	and	marketing	services
	
June	2017
	
*
Gigafactory	1	is	partially	constructed	with	current	occupancy	of	approximately	1.1	million	square	feet.
In	addition	to	the	properties	included	in	the	table	above,	we	also	lease	a	large	number	of	properties	in	North	America,	Europe	and	Asia	for	our	retail	and	service	locations,	Supercharger	sites	and	solar	installation	and	maintenance
warehouses.
	
SolarCity	has	its	corporate	headquarters	and	executive	offices	in	San	Mateo,	California,	where	it	occupies	approximately	68,025	square	feet	of	office	space	under	a	lease	that	expires	in	December	2021,	with	a	renewal	option.	SolarCity
also	leases	a	regional	headquarters	in	Salt	Lake	City,	Utah,	and	larger	offices	in	San	Francisco,	San	Rafael	and	Fremont,	California.	In	addition,	SolarCity	leases	sales	offices,	warehouses	and	manufacturing	facilities,	including	Gigafactory	2	in
Buffalo,	New	York,	across	the	United	States	and	in	Mexico	and	China.	SolarCity	also	leases	sales	and	support	offices	in	Ontario,	Canada.
Our	properties	are	used	to	support	both	of	our	reporting	segments.	We	currently	intend	to	add	new	facilities	or	expand	our	existing	facilities	as	we	add	employees	and	expand	our	network	of	stores	and	galleries,	service	locations	and
Supercharger	sites.	We	believe	that	suitable	additional	or	alternative	space	will	be	available	in	the	future	on	commercially	reasonable	terms	to	accommodate	our	foreseeable	future	expansion.
	
	
I
TEM	3.
LEGAL	PROCEEDINGS
Securities	Litigation
In	November	2013,	a	putative	securities	class	action	lawsuit	was	filed	against	Tesla	in	U.S.	District	Court,	Northern	District	of	California,	alleging	violations	of,	and	seeking	remedies	pursuant	to,	Sections	10(b)	and	20(a)	of	the
Securities	Exchange	Act	of	1934	and	Rule	10b-5.	The	complaint	made	claims	against	Tesla	and	our	CEO,	Elon	Musk,	sought	damages	and	attorney’s	fees	on	the	basis	of	allegations	that,	among	other	things,	Tesla	and	Mr.	Musk	made	false	and/or
misleading	representations	and	omissions,	including	with	respect	to	the	safety	of	Model	S.	This	case	was	brought	on	behalf	of	a	putative	class	consisting	of	certain	persons	who	purchased	Tesla’s	securities	between	August	19,	2013	and
November	17,	2013.	On	September	26,	2014,	the	trial	court,	upon	the	motion	of	Tesla	and	Mr.	Musk,	dismissed	the	complaint	with	prejudice,	and	thereafter	issued	a	formal	written	order	to	that	effect.	The	plaintiffs	appealed	from	the	trial	court’s
order,	and	on	December	21,	2016,	the	Court	of	Appeals	affirmed	the	trial	court’s	decision	dismissing	the	complaint	with	prejudice.
	
30	
On	March	28,	2014,	a	purported	stockholder	class	action	was	filed	in	the	United	States	District	Court	for	the	Northern	District	of	California	against	SolarCity	and	two	of	its	officers.	The	complaint	alleges	violations	of	federal	securities
laws,	and	seeks	unspecified	compensatory	damages	and	other	relief	on	behalf	of	a	purported	class	of	purchasers	of	SolarCity’s	securities	from	March	6,	2013	to	March	18,	2014.	After	a	series	of	amendments	to	the	original	complaint,	the	District
Court	dismissed	the	amended	complaint	and	entered	a	judgment	in	SolarCity’s	favor	on	August	9,	2016.	The	plaintiffs	have	filed	a	notice	of	appeal.	We	believe	that	the	claims	are	without	merit	and	intend	to	defend	against	this	lawsuit	vigorously.
We	are	unable	to	estimate	the	possible	loss,	if	any,	associated	with	this	lawsuit.
On	August	15,	2016,	a	purported	stockholder	class	action	lawsuit	was	filed	in	the	United	States	District	Court	for	the	Northern	District	of	California	against	SolarCity,	two	of	its	officers	and	a	former	officer.	The	complaint	alleges	that
SolarCity	made	projections	of	future	sales	and	installations	that	it	failed	to	achieve	and	that	these	projections	were	fraudulent	when	made.	The	plaintiffs	claim	violations	of	federal	securities	laws	and	seek	unspecified	compensatory	damages	and
other	relief	on	behalf	of	a	purported	class	of	purchasers	of	SolarCity’s	securities	from	May	5,	2015	to	February	16,	2016.	We	believe	that	the	claims	are	without	merit	and	intend	to	defend	against	them	vigorously.	We	are	unable	to	estimate	the
possible	loss,	if	any,	associated	with	this	lawsuit.
Litigation	Relating	to	the	SolarCity	Acquisition
Between	September	1,	2016	and	October	5,	2016,	seven	lawsuits	were	filed	in	the	Court	of	Chancery	of	the	State	of	Delaware	by	purported	stockholders	of	Tesla	challenging	Tesla’s	acquisition	of	SolarCity.	On	October	10,	the	Court
entered	orders	consolidating	these	lawsuits	and	appointing	lead	plaintiffs	and	lead	counsel.	The	consolidated	lawsuit	is	captioned	as	In	re	Tesla	Motors,	Inc.,	Stockholders	Litigation,	C.A.	No.	12711-VCS.	It	names	as	defendants	the	members	of
Tesla’s	board	of	directors	and	alleges,	among	other	things,	that	the	members	of	Tesla’s	board	of	directors	breached	their	fiduciary	duties	in	connection	with	the	SolarCity	acquisition.		It	asserts	claims	derivatively	on	behalf	of	Tesla	and	directly
on	behalf	of	a	putative	class	of	Tesla	stockholders.	It	seeks,	among	other	relief,	damages	in	an	unspecified	amount	and	attorneys’	fees	and	costs.	On	January	27,	2017,	defendants	filed	a	motion	to	dismiss	the	operative	complaint.	After	receiving
the	motion,	plaintiffs	indicated	that	they	intend	to	file	an	amended	complaint	rather	than	respond	to	the	defendants’	motion	to	dismiss.	Tesla	believes	that	the	lawsuit	is	without	merit.
Proceedings	Relating	to	United	States	Treasury
In	July	2012,	SolarCity,	along	with	other	companies	in	the	solar	energy	industry,	received	a	subpoena	from	the	U.S.	Treasury	Department’s	Office	of	the	Inspector	General	to	deliver	certain	documents	in	SolarCity’s	possession	that
were	dated,	created,	revised	or	referred	to	after	January	1,	2007	and	that	relate	to	SolarCity’s	applications	for	U.S.	Treasury	grants	or	communications	with	certain	other	solar	energy	development	companies	or	with	certain	firms	that	appraise
solar	energy	property	for	U.S	Treasury	grant	application	purposes.	The	Inspector	General	and	the	Civil	Division	of	the	U.S.	Department	of	Justice	are	investigating	the	administration	and	implementation	of	the	U.S	Treasury	grant	program
relating	to	the	fair	market	value	of	the	solar	energy	systems	that	SolarCity	submitted	in	U.S.	Treasury	grant	applications.	SolarCity	has	accrued	a	reserve	for	its	potential	liability	associated	with	this	ongoing	investigation	as	of	December	31,
2016.
In	February	2013,	two	of	SolarCity’s	financing	funds	filed	a	lawsuit	in	the	United	States	Court	of	Federal	Claims	against	the	United	States	government,	seeking	to	recover	approximately	$14.0	million	that	the	United	States	Treasury
was	obligated	to	pay,	but	failed	to	pay,	under	Section	1603	of	the	American	Recovery	and	Reinvestment	Act	of	2009.	In	February	2016,	the	government	filed	a	motion	seeking	leave	to	assert	a	counterclaim	against	the	two	plaintiff	funds	on	the
grounds	that	the	government,	in	fact,	paid	them	more,	not	less,	than	they	were	entitled	to	as	a	matter	of	law.	We	believe	that	the	government’s	claims	are	without	merit	and	expect	the	plaintiff	funds	to	litigate	the	case	vigorously.	Trial	in	the	case
is	set	for	the	latter	half	of	2017.
	
We	are	unable	to	estimate	the	possible	loss,	if	any,	associated	with	this	lawsuit.
Other	Matters
From	time	to	time,	we	have	received	requests	for	information	from	regulators	and	governmental	authorities,	such	as	the	National	Highway	Traffic	Safety	Administration,	the	National	Transportation	Safety	Board	and	the	Securities	and
Exchange	Commission.		We	are	also	subject	to	various	other	legal	proceedings	that	arise	from	the	normal	course	of	business	activities.	In	addition,	from	time	to	time,	third	parties	may	assert	intellectual	property	infringement	claims	against	us	in
the	form	of	letters	and	other	forms	of	communication.	If	an	unfavorable	ruling	were	to	occur,	there	exists	the	possibility	of	a	material	adverse	impact	on	our	results	of	operations,	prospects,	cash	flows,	financial	position	and	brand.
	
	
I
TEM	4.
MINE	SAFETY	DISCLOSURES
Not	applicable.
	
	
	
	
31	
P
ART	II
I
TEM	5.
MARKET	FOR	REGISTRANT’S	COMMON	EQUITY,	RELATED	STOCKHOLDER	MATTERS	AND	ISSUER	PURCHASES	OF	EQUITY	SECURITIES
Market	Information
Our	common	stock	has	traded	on	The	NASDAQ	Global	Select	Market	under	the	symbol	“TSLA”	since	it	began	trading	on	June	29,	2010.	Our	initial	public	offering	was	priced	at	$17.00	per	share	on	June	28,	2010.	The	following	table
sets	forth,	for	the	time	period	indicated,	the	high	and	low	closing	sales	price	of	our	common	stock	as	reported	on	The	NASDAQ	Global	Select	Market.
	
	
	
2016
	
	
2015
	
	
	
High
	
	
Low
	
	
High
	
	
Low
	
First	Quarter
	
$
238.32
	
	
$
143.67
	
	
$
225.48
	
	
$
181.40
	
Second	Quarter
	
	
265.42
	
	
	
193.15
	
	
	
271.41
	
	
	
186.05
	
Third	Quarter
	
	
234.79
	
	
	
194.47
	
	
	
286.65
	
	
	
195.00
	
Fourth	Quarter
	
	
219.74
	
	
	
181.45
	
	
	
249.84
	
	
	
202.00
	
Holders
As	of	January	31,	2017,	there	were	1,109	holders	of	record	of	our	common	stock.	A	substantially	greater	number	of	holders	of	our	common	stock	are	“street	name”	or	beneficial	holders,	whose	shares	are	held	by	banks,	brokers	and
other	financial	institutions.
Dividend	Policy
We	have	never	declared	or	paid	cash	dividends	on	our	common	stock.	We	currently	do	not	anticipate	paying	any	cash	dividends	in	the	foreseeable	future.	Any	future	determination	to	declare	cash	dividends	will	be	made	at	the
discretion	of	our	board	of	directors,	subject	to	applicable	laws,	and	will	depend	on	our	financial	condition,	results	of	operations,	capital	requirements,	general	business	conditions	and	other	factors	that	our	board	of	directors	may	deem	relevant.
	
32	
Stock	Performance	Graph
This	performance	graph	shall	not	be	deemed	“filed”	for	purposes	of	Section	18	of	the	Securities	Exchange	Act	of	1934,	as	amended	(the	Exchange	Act),	or	incorporated	by	reference	into	any	filing	of	Tesla,	Inc.	under	the	Securities	Act
of	1933,	as	amended,	or	the	Exchange	Act,	except	as	shall	be	expressly	set	forth	by	specific	reference	in	such	filing.
The	following	graph	shows	a	comparison	from	January	1,	2012	through	December	31,	2016,	of	the	cumulative	total	return	for	our	common	stock,	the	NASDAQ	Composite	Index,	and	a	group	of	all	public	companies	sharing	the	same
SIC	code	as	us	which	is	SIC	code	3711,	“Motor	Vehicles	and	Passenger	Car	Bodies”	(Motor	Vehicles	and	Passenger	Car	Bodies	Public	Company	Group).	Such	returns	are	based	on	historical	results	and	are	not	intended	to	suggest	future
performance.	Data	for	The	NASDAQ	Composite	Index	and	the	Motor	Vehicles	and	Passenger	Car	Bodies	Public	Company	Group	assumes	an	investment	of	$100	on	January	1,	2012	and	reinvestment	of	dividends.	We	have	never	declared	or	paid
cash	dividends	on	our	capital	stock	nor	do	we	anticipate	paying	any	such	cash	dividends	in	the	foreseeable	future.
	
	
	
	
Unregistered	Sales	of	Equity	Securities
None.
Purchases	of	Equity	Securities	by	the	Issuer	and	Affiliated	Purchasers
None.
	
	
	
33	
I
TEM	6.
SELECTED	CONSOLIDATED	FINANCIAL	DATA
The	following	selected	consolidated	financial	data	should	be	read	in	conjunction	with	“Management’s	Discussion	and	Analysis	of	Financial	Condition	and	Results	of	Operations”	and	our	consolidated	financial	statements	and	the	related
notes	included	elsewhere	in	this	Annual	Report	on	Form	10-K	(in	thousands,	except	per	share	data).		
	
	
	
Year	Ended	December	31,
	
	
	
2016	(2)
	
	
2015
	
	
2014
	
	
2013
	
	
2012
	
Consolidated	Statements	of	Operations	Data:
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Total	revenues
	
$
7,000,132
	
	
$
4,046,025
	
	
$
3,198,356
	
	
$
2,013,496
	
	
$
413,256
	
Gross	profit
	
	
1,599,257
	
	
	
923,503
	
	
	
881,671
	
	
	
456,262
	
	
	
30,067
	
Loss	from	operations
	
	
(667,340
)
	
	
(716,629
)
	
	
(186,689
)
	
	
(61,283
)
	
	
(394,283
)
Net	loss	attributable	to	common	stockholders
	
$
(674,914
)
	
$
(888,663
)
	
$
(294,040
)
	
$
(74,014
)
	
$
(396,213
)
Net	loss	per	share	of	common	stock	attributable	to
			common	stockholders,	basic	and
			diluted	(1)
	
$
(4.68
)
	
$
(6.93
)
	
$
(2.36
)
	
$
(0.62
)
	
$
(3.69
)
Weighted	average	shares	used	in	computing	net	loss	per
			share	of	common	stock,	basic	and	diluted	(1)
	
	
144,212
	
	
	
128,202
	
	
	
124,539
	
	
	
119,421
	
	
	
107,349
	
	
(1)
Diluted	net	loss	per	share	of	common	stock	is	computed	excluding	common	stock	subject	to	repurchase,	and,	if	dilutive,	potential	shares	of	common	stock	outstanding	during	the	period.	Potential	shares	of	common	stock
consist	of	stock	options	to	purchase	shares	of	our	common	stock,	the	conversion	of	our	convertible	senior	notes	(using	the	treasury	stock	method),	warrants	to	purchase	shares	of	our	common	stock	issued	in	connection	with
our	2018	Notes,	2019	Notes,	as	defined	in	Note	(1)	below,	and	2021	Notes,	as	defined	in	Note	(1)	below,		(using	the	treasury	stock	method),	warrants	to	purchase	shares	of	our	convertible	preferred	stock	(using	the	treasury
stock	method)	and	the	conversion	of	our	convertible	preferred	stock	and	convertible	notes	payable	(using	the	if-converted	method).	For	purposes	of	these	calculations,	potential	shares	of	common	stock	have	been	excluded
from	the	calculation	of	diluted	net	loss	per	share	of	common	stock	as	their	effect	is	antidilutive	since	we	generated	a	net	loss	in	each	period.
	
(2)
We	acquired	SolarCity	on	November	21,	2016.	The	results	of	SolarCity	have	been	included	in	our	results	of	operation	from	the	date	of	acquisition.	See	Note	3,	
Acquisition	of	SolarCity,	
of	the	Notes	to	Consolidated	Financial
Statements	for	additional	information	regarding	this	transaction.
	
	
	
As	of	December	31,
	
	
	
2016	(3)
	
	
2015
	
	
2014
	
	
2013
	
	
2012
	
Consolidated	Balance	Sheet	Data:
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Working	capital	(deficit)	(1)
	
$
432,791
	
	
$
(29,029
)
	
$
1,072,907
	
	
$
585,665
	
	
$
(14,340
)
Total	assets	(1)
	
	
22,664,076
	
	
	
8,067,939
	
	
	
5,830,667
	
	
	
2,411,186
	
	
	
1,114,190
	
Total	long-term	obligations	(1)(2)
	
	
10,923,162
	
	
	
4,125,915
	
	
	
2,753,595
	
	
	
1,069,535
	
	
	
450,382
	
(1)
In	May	2013,	we	issued	$660.0	million	aggregate	principal	amount	of	2018	Notes	in	a	public	offering.	In	accordance	with	accounting	guidance	on	embedded	conversion	features,	we	valued	and	bifurcated	the	conversion	option	associated	with
the	2018	Notes	from	the	host	debt	instrument	and	initially	recorded	the	conversion	option	of	$82.8	million	in	equity.
	
The	holders	of	2018	Notes	may	convert	their	notes	during	a	quarter	if	the	closing	price	of	our	common	stock	exceeded	130%
of	the	applicable	conversion	price	of	our	2018	Notes	on	at	least	20	of	the	last	30	consecutive	trading	days	of	the	preceding	quarter	As	of	December	31,	2016,	December	31,	2015	and	December	31,	2014	our	2018	Notes	have	met	the	conversion
criteria;	consequently	the	carrying	value	of	our	2018	Notes	of	$196.2	million,	$612.5	million	and	$594.3	million	have	been	presented	as	current	liabilities,	respectively.
In	March	2014,	we	issued	$800.0	million	principal	amount	of	0.25%	convertible	senior	notes	due	2019	(“2019	Notes”)	and	$1.20	billion	principal	amount	of	1.25%	convertible	senior	notes	due	2021	(“2021	Notes”)	in	a	public	offering.
In	April	2014,	we	issued	an	additional	$120.0	million	aggregate	principal	amount	of	2019	Notes	and	$180.0	million	aggregate	principal	amount	of	2021	Notes,	pursuant	to	the	exercise	in	full	of	the	overallotment	options	of	the
underwriters	of	our	March	2014	public	offering.	In	accordance	with	accounting	guidance	on	embedded	conversion	features,	we	valued	and	bifurcated	the	conversion	option	associated	with	the	notes	from	the	host	debt	instrument	and
recorded	the	conversion	option	of	$188.1	million	for	the	2019	Notes	and	$369.4	million	for	the	2021	Notes	in	stockholders’	equity	as	of	December	31,	2014
(2)
As	of	August	31,	2012,	we	had	fully	drawn	down	our	$465.0	million	under	our	Department	of	Energy	loan	facility.	In	May	2013,	we	used	a	portion	of	the	Notes	offering	proceeds	to	repay	all	outstanding	loan	amounts	under	this	l
facility.
(3)
We	acquired	SolarCity	on	November	21,	2016.	The	financial	position	of	SolarCity	have	been	included	in	our	consolidated	financial	statements	from	the	date	of	acquisition.	See	Note	3,	
Acquisition	of	SolarCity,	
of	the	Notes	to
Consolidated	Financial	Statements	for	additional	information	regarding	this	transaction.
	
	
	
34	
I
TEM	7.
MANAGEMENT’S	DISCUSSION	AND	ANALYSIS	OF	FINANCIAL	CONDITION	AND	RESULTS	OF	OPERATIONS
The	following	discussion	and	analysis	should	be	read	in	conjunction	with	our	consolidated	financial	statements	and	the	related	notes	that	appear	elsewhere	in	this	Annual	Report	on	Form	10-K.		
Overview	and	2016	Highlights
Our	mission	is	to	accelerate	the	world’s	transition	to	sustainable	energy.		We	design,	develop,	manufacture,	lease	and	sell	high-performance	fully	electric	vehicles,	as	well	as	provide	energy	storage	through	the	offering	of	Powerpack
and	Powerwall.		In	addition,	through	our	acquisition	of	SolarCity	Corporation,	we	also	provide	solar	energy	systems	to	residential	and	commercial	customers	.		
As	a	result	of	our	acquisition	of	SolarCity,	we	have	reclassified	the	presentation	of	our	historic	energy	storage	products	revenue	and	cost	of	revenue	from	services	and	other	to	energy	generation	and	storage.		
	
Automotive
We	produce	and	sell	our	Model	S	sedan	and	our	Model	X	sport	utility	vehicle.	We	continue	to	enhance	our	vehicle	offerings	with	all-wheel	drive	capability,	autopilot	options,	Internet	connectivity	and	free	over-the-air	software
updates.		Starting	in	the	fourth	quarter	of	2016,	we	introduced	second	generation	of	autopilot		which	has	improved	hardware	and	enhanced	functionalities	including	better	safety	and	performance.		
In	2016,	our	production	capability	continued	to	scale	and	gain	operational	efficiencies.		During	2016,	our	production	volume	increased	by	64%	year-over-year.		
In	the	fourth	quarter	of	2015,	we	began	delivering	Model	X	sport	utility	vehicle.		In	2016,	we	greatly	ramped	the	production	and	deliveries	of	Model	X.		Also,	in	the	first	quarter	of	2016,	we	unveiled	Model	3,	a	lower	priced	sedan
designed	for	the	mass	market,	which	received	significant	interest.		To	date,	we	have	substantially	completed	the	design	and	prototypes	of	Model	3	and	are	projecting	to	start	production	and	deliveries	in	the	second	half	of	2017.		
	
Energy	Generation	and	Storage				
Through	our	acquisition	of	SolarCity	Corporation,	or	SolarCity,	on	November	21,	2016,	we	lease	and	sell	solar	energy	systems	and	sell	renewable	energy	to	our	customers,	
typically	at	prices	below	utility	rates
.	Our	long-term
agreements	with	our	customers	generate	a	predictable	and	reliable	stream	of	cash	flows.		The	operating	results	of	SolarCity	from	the	acquisition	date	of	November	21,	2016	through	December	31,	2016	are	included	in	our	Consolidated
Statements	of	Operations.		Also	in	2016,	we	introduced	solar	roof
,	which	we	plan	to	begin	selling	and	installing	later	in	2017.
In	addition	to	solar	energy	systems,	we	also	sell	energy	storage	products,	which	consists	of	the	Powerwall	for	residential	applications	and	the	Powerpack	for	commercial,	industrial	and	utility-scale	applications.		In	2016,	we	completed
several	of	our	grid-scale	energy	storage	projects,	including	the	Southern	California	Edison	Mira	Loma	substation	and	the	American	Samoa	Island	installation.				
	
	
Management	Opportunities,	Challenges	and	Risks	and	2017	Outlook
Automotive	Demand,	Production	and	Deliveries
During	2016,	we	improved	our	existing	Model	S	sedan	and	Model	X	sport	utility	vehicle	by	introducing	new	variants	that	improve	range,	performance,	safety	and	value.		We	introduced	several	new	features,	including	updating	the	front
fascia	of	Model	S	in	the	second	quarter	of	2016,	to	expanding	offerings	of	our	battery	size	to	cater	to	a	wider	range	of	consumers.		We	expect	to	introduce	further	new	vehicle	variants	and	over-the-air-functionality	over	time.		We	also	expect	that
the	demand	for	our	vehicles	will	continue	to	increase	as	we	improve	our	vehicles,	and	expand	our	retail,	service	and	charging	infrastructure	and	as	we	develop	new	products.		In	addition,	the	introduction	of	Model	3	would	also	generate
incremental	demand	by	offering	a	less	expensive	alternative.		
During	the	third	quarter	of	2016,	we	discontinued	our	resale	value	guarantee		program	in	North	America.		The	resale	value	guarantee	was	originally	introduced	in	2013	to	help	to	reassure	customers	that	Tesla	vehicles	would	retain
value	over	time.
We	continue	to	make	progress	in	increasing	vehicle	production.		For	the	year	ended	December	31,	2016,	we	produced	approximately	84,000	vehicles,	an	increase	of	64%	from	the	prior	year.		This	increase	was	achieved	despite	the	fact
that	we	faced	challenges	in	2016	with	Model	X	production,	including	part	shortages.		In	January	2017,	we	completed	the	acquisition	of	Grohmann	Engineering	GmbH,	a	German	manufacturing	company	with	expertise	in	automated	production.
We	expect	this	acquisition	will	facilitate	and	expand	vehicle	production.						
	
35	
In	the	first	quarter	of	2016,	we	announced	our	target	to	increase	overall	vehicle	production	level	to	500,000	vehicles	in	2018.		Increasing	production	will	require	additional	capital.		We	have	started	the	installation	of	Model	3
manufacturing	equipment	in	Fremont	and	at	Gigafactory	1,	and	we	are	on	track	to	support	volume	production	and	deliveries	in	the	second	half	of	2017.				
In	addition	to	expanding	our	vehicle	production	and	deliveries,	we	expect	to	continue	to	lower	the	cost	of	manufacturing	our	vehicles	over	the	next	several	quarters	due	to	economies	of	scale,	material	cost	reductions	and	more	efficient
manufacturing.		The	decreasing	trend	in	cost	of	manufacturing	vehicles	is	expected	to	improve	total	automotive	gross	margin	over	time	and	mitigate	some	of	the	higher	ramp	up	costs	associated	with	the	launch	of	Model	3.		We	have	achieved
cost	improvements	through	material	cost	reductions	from	both	engineering	and	commercial	actions	and	increased	manufacturing	efficiencies	including	better	inventory	control	over	utilization	and	minimization	of	scrapping	materials.		This	is	also
evident	through	increased	product	reliability	including	vehicle,	battery	and	drive	units	that	resulted	in	a	reduction	of	our	warranty	expense.		In	addition,	we	expect	that	the	acquisition	of	Grohmann	will	further	increase	our	production	automation
and	efficiency.
In	order	to	accommodate	a	much	larger	fleet	of	customer	vehicles	as	we	increase	deliveries	and	to	provide	timely	customer	service,	we	are	expanding	our	sales,	service	and	charging	infrastructure	worldwide.		In	particular,	we
continue	to	open	new	Tesla	retail	and	service	locations	around	the	world.	As	of	December	31,	2016,	we	had	a	total	of	265	sales	and	service	locations,	and	expect	our	long-term	vehicle	sales	outside	of	North	America	to	be	over	half	of	our
worldwide	total	automotive	revenue.	As	we	have	less	experience	in	international	markets,	we	may	face	difficulties	meeting	our	future	international	expansion	plans	with	respect	to	timing	and	expected	sales.
Energy	Generation	and	Storage	Demand		
We	believe	that	demand	for	our	energy	products	will	continue	to	increase.	We	plan	to	reduce	customer	acquisition	costs	by	cutting	advertising	spend	and	increasingly	selling	solar	products	in	Tesla	stores.		In	the	fourth	quarter	of
2016,	we	revealed	the	solar	roof	product,	of	which	we	expect	to	begin	production	and	installation	later	in	2017.		In	addition,	in	the	fourth	quarter	of	2016,	we	also	announced	our	second	generation	energy	storage	products,	Powerpack	2	and
Powerwall	2,	which	offer	significant	price	advantage	per	kWh	and	higher	energy	density.		
Trends	in	Cash	Flow,	Capital	Expenditures	and	Operating	Expenses
	
We	plan	to	build	500,000	vehicles	in	2018.		Given	this	plan,	we	continue	to	invest	heavily	in	capital	expenditures.		Our	capital	expenditure	needs	include	expenditures	for	the	tooling,	production	equipment	and	construction	of	the
Model	3	production	lines,	equipment	to	support	cell	production	at	the	Gigafactory	1,	as	well	as	new	retail	locations,	service	centers	and	Supercharger	locations.		
We	expect	to	invest	between	$2.0	billion	and	$2.5	billion	in	capital	expenditures
ahead	of	the	start	of	Model	3	production	in	2017.		
As	of	December	31,	2016	and	2015,	the	net	book	value	of	our	Supercharger	network	was	$207.2	million	and	$166.6	million,	respectively,	and	as	of	December	31,	2016,	our	Supercharger	network	included	790	locations	globally.	We
plan	to	continue	investing	in	our	Supercharger	network	for	the	foreseeable	future,	including	in	North	America,	Europe	and	Asia,	and	expect	such	spending	to	continue	to	be	a	minimal	portion	of	total	capital	spending.	During	2017,	we	expect	that
this	investment	will	grow	our	Supercharger	network	greatly.	We	allocate	Supercharger	related	expenses	to	cost	of	total	automotive	revenues	and	selling,	general,	and	administrative	expenses.	These	costs	were	immaterial	for	all	periods
presented.
We	expect	operating	expenses	to	grow	in	2017,	driven	by	engineering,	design,	and	testing	expenses	related	to	Model	3,	supplier	contracts	and	higher	sales	and	service	costs	associated	with	expanding	our	worldwide	geographic
presence.	In	addition,	we	expect		operating	expenses	to	increase	as	a	result	of	the		increased	selling,	general	and	administrative	expenses	incurred	by	our	energy	generation	and	storage	segment.		We	expect	selling,	general	and	administrative
expenses	to	continue	to	increase	in	absolute	dollars	but	decline	over	time	as	a	percentage	of	revenue	as	we	focus	on	increasing	operational	efficiency	while	continuing	to	expand	our	customer	and	corporate	infrastructure.	Over	time,	we	also
expect	total	operating	expenses	to	decrease	as	a	percentage	of	revenue.		
Automotive	Financing	Options
We	offer	loans	and	leases	for	our	vehicles	in	certain	markets	in	North	America,	Europe	and	Asia	primarily	through	various	financial	institutions.	We	offer	a	resale	value	guarantee	in	connection	with	certain	loans	offered	by	financial
institutions.	During	2016,	we	discontinued	the	resale	value	guarantee	in	North	America,	but	continue	to	offer	it	in	selected	European	and	Asian	markets.	Resale	value	guarantees	available	for	exercise	during	fiscal	year	2017	total	$179.5	million
in	value.
	
36	
Vehicle	deliveries	with	the	resale	value	guarantee	do	not	impact	our	near-term	cash	flows	and	liquidity,	since	we	receive	the	full	amount	of	cash	for	the	vehicle	sales	price	at	delivery.	However,	this	program	requires	the	deferral	of
revenues	and	costs	into	future	periods	as	they	are	considered	leases	for	accounting	purposes.		While	we	do	not	assume	any	credit	risk	related	to	the	customer,	if	a	customer	exercises	the	option	to	return	the	vehicle	to	us,	we	are	exposed	to
liquidity	risk	that	the	resale	value	of	vehicles	under	these	programs	may	be	lower	than	our	guarantee,	or	the	volume	of	vehicles	returned	to	us	may	be	higher	than	our	estimates,	or	we	may	be	unable	to	resell	the	used	cars	in	a	timely	manner,	all
of	which	could	adversely	impact	our	cash	flows.		Based	on	current	market	demand	for	our	cars,	we	estimate	the	resale	prices	for	our	vehicles	will	continue	to	be	above	our	resale	value	guarantee	amounts.	Should	market	values	of	our	vehicles	or
customer	demand	decrease,	these	estimates	may	be	impacted	materially.
We	currently	offer	vehicle	leases	in	the	U.S.	directly	from	Tesla	Finance,	our	captive	financing	entity,	as	well	as	through	a	leasing	partner.	Leasing	through	Tesla	Finance	is	now	available	in	39	states	and	the	District	of	Columbia.	We
also	offer	financing	arrangements	through	our	entities	in	Canada,	Germany	and	the	U.K.		Leasing	through	both	our	captive	financing	entities	and	our	leasing	partners	exposes	us	to	residual	value	risk	and	will	adversely	impact	our	near-term
operating	results	by	requiring	the	deferral	of	revenues	and	costs	into	future	periods	under	lease	accounting.	In	addition,	for	leases	offered	directly	from	our	captive	financing	entities	(but	not	for	those	offered	through	our	leasing	partner),	we	only
receive	a	limited	portion	of	cash	for	the	vehicle	price	at	delivery	and	will	assume	customer	credit	risk.	We	plan	to	continue	expanding	our	financing	offerings,	including	our	lease	financing	options	and	the	financial	sources	to	support	them,	and	to
support	the	overall	financing	needs	of	our	customers.	To	the	extent	that	we	are	unable	to	arrange	such	options	for	our	customers	on	terms	that	are	attractive,	our	sales,	financial	results,	and	cash	flow	could	be	negatively	impacted.		
Energy	Generation	and	Storage	Financing	options
	
Through	SolarCity,	we	offer	Solar	Loans,	whereby	a	third-party	lender	provides	financing	directly	to	a	qualified	customer	to	enable	the	customer	to	purchase	and	own	a	solar	energy	system	installed	by	us.	We	enter	into	a	standard
solar	energy	system	sale	agreement	with	the	customer.	Separately,	the	customer	enters	into	a	loan	agreement	with	one	of	the	third-party	lenders,	who	finances	the	full	purchase	price.	We	are	not	a	party	to	the	loan	agreement	between	the
customer	and	the	third-party	lender,	and	the	third-party	lender	has	no	recourse	against	us	with	respect	to	the	loan.	If	we	are	unable	to	continue	to	offer	third-party	financing	or	other	financing	alternatives	to	our	customers	on	competitive	terms,
our	growth	may	slow	and	our	financial	and	operating	results	may	be	adversely	impacted.
Gigafactory	1	and	Manufacturing
We	are	developing	Gigafactory	1	as	a	facility	where	we	work	together	with	our	suppliers	to	integrate	production	of	battery	material,	cells,	modules	and	battery	packs	in	one	location	for	both	vehicles	and	energy	storage	products.	We
broke	ground	on	Gigafactory	1	in	June	2014,	began	assembling	our	energy	storage	products	in	the	first	portion	of	the	facility	in	the	fourth	quarter	of	2015,	
and	began	production	of	lithium-ion	battery	cells	for	our	energy	storage	products	in	the
first	quarter	of	2017
.	We	continue	to	invest	in	construction	of	the	building	at	Gigafactory	and	in	production	equipment	for	battery,	module	and	pack	production.
Panasonic	has	agreed	to	partner	with	us	on	Gigafactory	1	with	investments	in	production	equipment	that	it	will	use	to	manufacture	and	supply	us	with	battery	cells.	Under	our	arrangement	with	Panasonic,	we	plan	to	purchase	the	full
output	from	their	production	equipment	located	at	Gigafactory	1	at	negotiated	prices.	As	these	terms	convey	a	right	to	use	the	production	related	assets	as	defined	within	ASC	840,	
Leases
,	we	will	consider	these	leased	assets	beginning	with	the
start	of	cell	production	in	early	2017.	This	will	result	in	us	recording	the	value	of	such	assets	within	property,	plant	and	equipment,	net,	in	our	Consolidated	Balance	Sheet	with	a	corresponding	liability	recorded	to	financing	obligations.	For	all
suppliers	and	partners	for	which	we	plan	to	purchase	the	full	output	from	their	production	equipment	located	at	Gigafactory	1,	we	will	record	the	value	of	such	assets	on	our	Consolidated	Balance	Sheet.	Based	on	our	current	assessment,	as	of
December	31,	2016,	approximately	$300	million	is	expected	to	be	recorded	on	our	Consolidated	Balance	Sheet	during	the	first	quarter	of	2017.
Although	we	continue	to	remain	on	track	with	our	progress	at	Gigafactory	1,	given	the	size	and	complexity	of	this	undertaking,	it	is	possible	that	future	events	could	result	in	the	cost	of	building	and	operating	Gigafactory	1	exceeding
our	current	expectations	and	Gigafactory	1	taking	longer	to	expand	than	we	currently	anticipate.	In	addition,	we	continue	to	expand	production	capacity	at	our	Fremont	Factory	and	are	exploring	additional	production	capacity	in	Asia	and
Europe
.
	
37	
Gigafactory	2	and	Manufacturing
Through	our	acquisition	of	SolarCity,	we	have	an	agreement	with	the	Research	Foundation	for	the	State	University	of	New	York	for	the	construction	of	an	approximately	1	million	square	foot	manufacturing	facility	capable	of	producing
1	gigawatt	of	solar	panels	annually	on	an	approximately	88.24	acre	site	located	in	Buffalo,	New	York,	referred	to	as	Gigafactory	2.
		In	December	2016,	we	entered	into	a	Production	Pricing	Agreement:	Phases	1-3	(the	Phase	1-3	Agreement)	with
Panasonic	Corporation,	Panasonic	Corporation	of	North	America	and	Sanyo	Electronic	Co.,	Ltd	(collectively,	Panasonic).		This	agreement	provides	that	Panasonic	will	manufacture	custom	photovoltaic	(PV)	cells	and	modules	for	us,	primarily	at
Gigafactory	2,	and	that	we	will	purchase	certain	amounts	of	PV	cells	and	modules	form	Panasonic	during	the	10-year	term,	with	the	intent	to	produce	PV	cells	and	modules	totaling	approximately	1	gigawatt	annually	beginning	in	2019.	
The	terms	of	our	agreement	with	the	Research	Foundation	for	the	State	University	of	New	York,	among	other	things,	require	us	to	comply	with	a	number	of	covenants	during	the	term	of	the	agreement.	Any	failure	to	comply	with	these
covenants	could	obligate	us	to	pay	significant	amounts	to	the	Foundation	and	result	in	termination	of	the	agreement.		
Although	we	continue	to	remain	on	track	with	our	progress	at	Gigafactory	2,	
our	expectations	as	to	the	cost	of	building	the
facility,	acquiring	manufacturing	equipment	and	supporting	our	manufacturing	operations	may	prove	incorrect,	which	could	subject	us	to	significant	expenses	to	achieve	the	desired	benefits.		
	
	
Critical	Accounting	Policies	and	Estimates
Our	consolidated	financial	statements	are	prepared	in	accordance	with	accounting	principles	generally	accepted	in	the	United	States,	or	GAAP.	The	preparation	of	these	consolidated	financial	statements	requires	us	to	make	estimates
and	assumptions	that	affect	the	reported	amounts	of	assets,	liabilities,	revenues,	costs	and	expenses	and	related	disclosures.	We	base	our	estimates	on	historical	experience,	as	appropriate,	and	on	various	other	assumptions	that	we	believe	to	be
reasonable	under	the	circumstances.	Changes	in	the	accounting	estimates	are	reasonably	likely	to	occur	from	period	to	period.	Accordingly,	actual	results	could	differ	significantly	from	the	estimates	made	by	our	management.	We	evaluate	our
estimates	and	assumptions	on	an	ongoing	basis.	To	the	extent	that	there	are	material	differences	between	these	estimates	and	actual	results,	our	future	financial	statement	presentation,	financial	condition,	results	of	operations	and	cash	flows
will	be	affected.	We	believe	that	the	following	critical	accounting	policies	involve	a	greater	degree	of	judgment	and	complexity	than	our	other	accounting	policies.	Accordingly,	these	are	the	policies	we	believe	are	the	most	critical	to
understanding	and	evaluating	our	consolidated	financial	condition	and	results	of	operations.
Revenue	Recognition
We	recognize	revenue	for	products	and	services	when:	(i)	a	persuasive	evidence	of	an	arrangement	exists;	(ii)	delivery	has	occurred	and	there	are	no	uncertainties	regarding	customer	acceptance;	(iii)	pricing	or	fees	are	fixed	or
determinable;	and	(iv)	collection	is	reasonably	assured.
Automotive	Segment
Automotive	revenue	includes	revenues	related	to	deliveries	of	new	vehicles,	sales	of	regulatory	credits	to	other	automotive	manufacturers,	and	specific	other	elements	that	meet	the	definition	of	a	deliverable	under	multiple-element
accounting	guidance	including	free	internet	connectivity,	free	access	to	our	Supercharger	network,	and	free	future	over	the	air	software	updates.	These	deliverables	are	valued	on	a	stand-alone	basis	and	we	recognize	their	revenue	over	our
performance	period,	which	is	generally	the	eight-year	life	of	the	vehicle,	except	for	internet	connectivity	which	is	over	the	free	four	year	period.	If	we	sell	a	deliverable	separately,	we	use	that	pricing	to	determine	its	fair	value;	otherwise,	we	use
our	best	estimated	selling	price	by	considering	costs	used	to	develop	and	deliver	the	service,	third	party	pricing	of	similar	options,	and	other	information	which	may	be	available.
Starting	in	the	third	quarter	of	2016,	we	started	to	separately	present	automotive	leasing	revenue	and	related	cost	of	revenue.	All	prior	periods	have	been	reclassified	to	conform	to	this	presentation.		Automotive	leasing	revenue
includes	revenue	recognized	under	lease	accounting	guidance	for	our	direct	leasing	programs	as	well	as	programs	with	resale	value	guarantees.	See	“Vehicle	sales	to	customers	with	a	resale	value	guarantee,”	“Vehicle	sales	to	leasing	partners
with	a	resale	value	guarantee”	and	“Direct	Vehicle	Leasing	Program”	for	further	details.
Services	and	other	revenue	consists	of	repair	and	maintenance	services,	service	plans	and	merchandise,	sales	of	pre-owned	Tesla	vehicles,	sales	of	electric	vehicle	powertrain	components	and	systems	to	other	manufacturers,	and	sales
of	non-Tesla	vehicle	trade-ins.
	
38	
Vehicle	sales	to	customers	with	a	resale	value	guarantee
We	offered	resale	value	guarantees	or	similar	buy-back	terms	to	all	customers	who	purchase	vehicles	and	who	financed	their	vehicle	through	one	of	our	specified	commercial	banking	partners.	Subsequent	to	June	30,	2016,	this
program	is	available	only	in	certain	international	markets.	Under	this	program,	customers	have	the	option	of	selling	their	vehicle	back	to	us	during	the	guarantee	period	for	a	determined	resale	value.	Guarantee	periods	generally	range	from	36
to	39	months.	Although	we	receive	full	payment	for	the	vehicle	sales	price	at	the	time	of	delivery,	we	are	required	to	account	for	these	transactions	as	operating	leases.	The	amount	of	sale	proceeds	equal	to	the	resale	value	guarantee	is	deferred
until	the	guarantee	expires	or	is	exercised.	The	remaining	sale	proceeds	are	deferred	and	recognized	on	a	straight-line	basis	over	the	stated	guarantee	period	to	automotive	leasing	revenue.	The	guarantee	period	expires	at	the	earlier	of	the	end
of	the	guarantee	period	or	the	pay-off	of	the	initial	loan.	We	capitalize	the	cost	of	these	vehicles	on	our	Consolidated	Balance	Sheets	as	operating	lease	vehicles,	net,	and	depreciate	their	value,	less	salvage	value,	to	cost	of	automotive	leasing
revenue	over	the	same	period.
In	cases	when	customer	retains	ownership	of	the	vehicle	at	the	end	of	the	guarantee	period,	the	resale	value	guarantee	liability	and	any	remaining	deferred	revenue	balances	related	to	the	vehicle	are	settled	to	automotive	leasing
revenue	and	the	net	book	value	of	the	leased	vehicle	is	expensed	to	costs	of	automotive	leasing	revenue.		In	cases	when	customers	return	the	vehicle	back	to	us	during	the	guarantee	period,	we	purchase	the	vehicle	from	the	customer	at	an
amount	equal	to	the	resale	value	guarantee	and	settle	any	remaining	deferred	balances	to	automotive	leasing	revenue	and	we	reclassify	the	net	book	value	of	the	vehicle	on	our	balance	sheet	to	pre-owned	vehicle	inventory.		As	of	December	31,
2016,	$179.5	million	of	guarantees	are	exercisable	by	customers	within	the	next	twelve	months.
Vehicle	sales	to	leasing	partners	with	a	resale	value	guarantee
We	also	offer	resale	value	guarantees	in	connection	with	automobile	sales	to	certain	bank	leasing	partners.		As	we	have	guaranteed	the	value	of	these	vehicles	and	as	the	vehicles	are	leased	to	end-customers,	we	account	for	these
transactions	as	interest	bearing	collateralized	borrowings	as	required	under	Accounting	Standards	Codification	(ASC)	
840	-	Leases
.		Under	this	program,	cash	is	received	for	the	full	price	of	the	vehicle	and	is	recorded	within	resale	value
guarantee	for	the	long-term	portion	and	deferred	revenue	for	the	current	portion.		We	accrete	the	deferred	revenue	amount	to	automotive	leasing	revenue	on	a	straight	line	basis	over	the	guarantee	period	and	accrue	interest	expense	based	on
our	borrowing	rate.		We	capitalize	vehicles	under	this	program	to	leased	vehicles	on	our	Consolidated	Balance	Sheets	and	record	depreciation	from	these	vehicles	to	cost	of	automotive	leasing	revenues	during	the	period	the	vehicle	is	under	a
lease	arrangement.		Cash	received	for	these	vehicles,	net	of	revenue	recognized	during	the	period,	is	classified	as	collateralized	lease	borrowings	within	cash	flows	from	financing	activities	in	our	Consolidated	Statements	of	Cash	Flows.
At	the	end	of	the	lease	term,	we	settle	our	liability	in	cash	by	either	purchasing	the	vehicle	from	the	leasing	partner	for	the	resale	value	guarantee	amount,	or	paying	a	shortfall	to	the	guarantee	amount	the	leasing	partner	may	realize
on	the	sale	of	the	vehicle.		Any	remaining	balances	within	deferred	revenue	and	resale	value	guarantee	will	be	settled	to	automotive	leasing	revenue.		In	cases	where	the	bank	retains	ownership	of	the	vehicle	after	the	end	of	our	guarantee
period,	we	expense	the	net	value	of	the	leased	vehicle	to	costs	of	automotive	leasing	revenue.		The	maximum	cash	we	could	be	required	to	pay	under	this	program,	assuming	we	repurchase	of	all	vehicles	under	this	program	is	$855.9	million	at
December	31,	2016.
As	of	December	31,	2016	and	December	31,	2015,	we	had	$1.18	billion	and	$527.5	million	of	such	borrowings	recorded	in	the	resale	value	guarantee	liability	and	$289.1	million	and	$120.5	million	recorded	in	deferred	revenue
liability.
At	least	annually,	we	assess	the	estimated	market	values	of	vehicles	under	our	resale	value	guarantee	program	to	determine	if	we	have	sustained	a	loss	on	any	of	these	contracts.	As	we	accumulate	more	data	related	to	the	resale
values	of	our	vehicles	or	as	market	conditions	change,	there	may	be	significant	changes	to	their	estimated	values.
Direct	Vehicle	Leasing	Program
We	offer	a	vehicle	leasing	program	in	certain	locations	in	the	North	America	and	Europe.		Qualifying	customers	are	permitted	to	lease	a	vehicle	directly	from	Tesla	for	up	to	48	months.		At	the	end	of	the	lease	term,	customers	have	the
option	of	either	returning	the	vehicle	to	us	or	purchasing	if	for	a	pre-determined	residual	value.		We	account	for	these	leasing	transactions	as	operating	leases	and	recognize	leasing	revenues	over	the	contractual	term	and	record	the	depreciation
of	these	vehicles	to	cost	of	automotive	revenues.	As	of	December	31,	2016	and	2015,	we	had	deferred	$67.2	million	and	$25.8	million	of	lease-related	upfront	payments	which	will	be	recognized	on	a	straight-line	basis	over	the	contractual	term	of
the	individual	leases.
	
39	
Maintenance	and	Service	Plans
We	offer	a	prepaid	maintenance	program	for	our	vehicles,	which	includes	plans	covering	maintenance	for	up	to	eight	years	or	up	to	100,000	miles,	provided	these	services	are	purchased	within	a	specified	period	of	time.	The
maintenance	plans	cover	annual	inspections	and	the	replacement	of	wear	and	tear	parts,	excluding	tires	and	the	battery.	Payments	collected	in	advance	of	the	performance	of	service	are	initially	recorded	in	deferred	revenues	on	the	consolidated
balance	sheets	and	recognized	in	automotive	sales	as	we	fulfill	our	performance	obligations.
We	also	offer	an	extended	service	plan,	which	covers	the	repair	or	replacement	of	vehicle	parts	for	an	additional	four	years	or	up	to	an	additional	50,000	miles,	after	the	end	of	our	initial	New	Vehicle	Limited	Warranty,	provided	they
are	purchased	within	a	specified	period	of	time.	Payments	collected	in	advance	of	the	performance	of	service	are	initially	recorded	in	deferred	revenues	on	the	consolidated	balance	sheets	and	recognized	in	automotive	sales	ratably	over	the
service	coverage	periods.
Energy	Generation	and	Storage	Segment
For	solar	energy	systems	and	components	sales	wherein	customers	pay	the	full	purchase	price,	either	directly	or	through	the	Solar	Loan	program,	revenue	is	recognized	when	we	install	a	solar	energy	system	and	the	solar	energy
system	passes	inspection	by	the	utility	or	the	authority	having	jurisdiction,	provided	all	other	revenue	recognition	criteria	have	been	met.		In	instances	where	there	are	multiple	deliverables	in	a	single	arrangement,	we	allocate	the	arrangement
consideration	to	the	various	elements	in	the	arrangement	based	on	the	relative	selling	price	method.	Costs	incurred	on	residential	installations	before	the	solar	energy	systems	are	completed	are	included	in	inventories	as	work	in	progress	in	our
Consolidated	Balance	Sheets.	However,	any	fees	that	are	paid	or	payable	by	us	to	a	Solar	Loan	lender	would	be	recognized	as	an	offset	against	solar	energy	systems	and	components	sales	revenue,	in	accordance	with	ASC	605-50,	
Customer
Payments	and	Incentives
.		Revenue	for	energy	storage	product	sale	is	recognized	when	the	product	is	delivered	or	installed,	provided	all	other	revenue	recognition	criteria	have	been	met.		
For	revenue	arrangements	where	we	are	the	lessor	under	operating	lease	agreements	for	solar	energy	systems,	including	energy	storage	products,	we	record	lease	revenue	from	minimum	lease	payments,	including	upfront	rebates
and	incentives	earned	from	such	systems,	on	a	straight-line	basis	over	the	life	of	the	lease	term,	assuming	all	other	revenue	recognition	criteria	are	met.	For	incentives	that	are	earned	based	on	the	amount	of	electricity	generated	by	the	system,
we	record	revenue	as	the	amounts	are	earned.	The	difference	between	the	payments	received	and	the	revenue	recognized	is	recorded	as	deferred	revenue	on	our	Consolidated	Balance	Sheets.
For	solar	energy	systems	where	customers	purchase	electricity	from	us	under	power	purchase	agreements,	we	have	determined	that	these	agreements	should	be	accounted	for,	in	substance,	as	operating	leases	pursuant	to	ASC	840.
Revenue	is	recognized	based	on	the	amount	of	electricity	delivered	at	rates	specified	under	the	contracts,	assuming	all	other	revenue	recognition	criteria	are	met.
We	capitalize	initial	direct	costs	from	the	origination	of	solar	energy	system	leases	or	power	purchase	agreements	(the	incremental	cost	of	contract	administration,	referral	fees	and	sales	commissions)	as	an	element	of	solar	energy
systems,	leased	and	to	be	leased	–	net,	and	subsequently	amortize	these	costs	over	the	term	of	the	related	lease	or	power	purchase	agreement.
Inventory	Valuation
Inventories	are	stated	at	the	lower	of	cost	or	market.	Cost	is	computed	using	standard	cost	for	vehicles	and	energy	storage	products,	which	approximates	actual	cost	on	a	first-in,	first-out	basis.	In	addition,	cost	for	solar	energy
systems	are	recorded	using	actual	cost.		We	record	inventory	write-downs	for	excess	or	obsolete	inventories	based	upon	assumptions	about	on	current	and	future	demand	forecasts.	If	our	inventory	on	hand	is	in	excess	of	our	future	demand
forecast,	the	excess	amounts	are	written	off.
We	also	review	inventory	to	determine	whether	its	carrying	value	exceeds	the	net	amount	realizable	upon	the	ultimate	sale	of	the	inventory.	This	requires	us	to	determine	the	estimated	selling	price	of	our	vehicles	less	the	estimated
cost	to	convert	inventory	on	hand	into	a	finished	product.	Once	inventory	is	written-down,	a	new,	lower-cost	basis	for	that	inventory	is	established	and	subsequent	changes	in	facts	and	circumstances	do	not	result	in	the	restoration	or	increase	in
that	newly	established	cost	basis.
Should	our	estimates	of	future	selling	prices	or	production	costs	change,	additional	and	potentially	material	increases	to	this	reserve	may	be	required.	A	small	change	in	our	estimates	may	result	in	a	material	charge	to	our	reported
financial	results.		
Warranties
We	provide	a	manufacturer’s	warranty	on	all	vehicles,	production	powertrain	components	and	systems,	and	energy	generation	and	storage	products	we	sell.		At	the	time	of	delivery,	we	accrue	for	a	manufacturer’s	warranty	which
includes	our	best	estimate	of	the	projected	costs	to	repair	or	to	replace	items	under	warranty.	These	estimates	are	based	on	actual	claims	incurred	to-date	and	an	estimate	of	the	nature,	frequency	and	costs	of	future	claims.
	
40	
These	estimates	are	inherently	uncertain	and	changes	to	our	historical	or	projected	warranty	experience	may	cause	material	changes	to	our	warranty	reserve	in	the	future.		For	the	solar	energy	systems	that	we	sell,	we	provide	a
warranty	on	the	installation	and	components	for	periods	typically	between	10	to	30	years.	The	manufacturer’s	warranty	on	the	solar	energy	systems’	components,	which	is	typically	passed-through	to	customers,	ranges	from	5	to	30	years.		The
portion	of	the	warranty	provision	expected	to	be	incurred	within	12	months	is	classified	as	a	current	liability.		
Our	warranty	reserves	do	not	include	projected	warranty	costs	associated	with	our	vehicles	and	solar	energy	systems	accounted	for	as	operating	leases	or	collateralized	debt	arrangements.	Any	costs	to	repair	these	vehicles	and
systems	are	expensed	as	incurred.	Warranty	expense	is	recorded	as	a	component	of	cost	of	automotive	revenue	for	Automotive	related	sale	and	cost	of	energy	generation	and	storage	revenue	for	solar	energy	and	storage	systems.
Stock-Based	Compensation
We	use	the	fair	value	method	of	accounting	for	our	stock	options	and	restricted	stock	units	(RSUs)	granted	to	employees	and	our	Employee	Stock	Purchase	Plan	(ESPP)	to	measure	the	cost	of	employee	services	received	in	exchange
for	the	stock-based	awards.	The	fair	value	of	stock	options	and	ESPP	are	estimated	on	the	grant	date	and	offering	date	using	the	Black-Scholes	option-pricing	model.	The	fair	value	of	RSUs	is	measured	on	the	grant	date	based	on	the	closing	fair
market	value	of	our	common	stock.	The	resulting	cost	is	recognized	over	the	period	during	which	an	employee	is	required	to	provide	service	in	exchange	for	the	awards,	usually	the	vesting	period	which	is	generally	four	years	for	stock	options
and	RSUs	and	six	months	for	the	ESPP.	Stock-based	compensation	expense	is	recognized	on	a	straight-line	basis,	net	of	estimated	forfeitures.
The	Black-Scholes	option-pricing	model	requires	inputs	such	as	the	risk-free	interest	rate,	expected	term	and	expected	volatility.	Further,	the	forfeiture	rate	also	affects	the	amount	of	aggregate	compensation.	These	inputs	are
subjective	and	generally	require	significant	judgment.
We	estimate	our	forfeiture	rate	based	on	an	analysis	of	our	actual	forfeiture	experience	and	will	continue	to	evaluate	the	appropriateness	of	the	forfeiture	rate	based	on	actual	forfeiture	experience,	analysis	of	employee	turnover
behavior	and	other	factors.	Quarterly	changes	in	the	estimated	forfeiture	rate	can	have	a	significant	effect	on	reported	stock-based	compensation	expense,	as	the	cumulative	effect	of	adjusting	the	rate	for	all	expense	amortization	is	recognized	in
the	period	the	forfeiture	estimate	is	changed.	If	a	revised	forfeiture	rate	is	higher	than	the	previously	estimated	forfeiture	rate,	an	adjustment	is	made	that	will	result	in	a	decrease	to	the	stock-based	compensation	expense	recognized	in	the
consolidated	financial	statements.	If	a	revised	forfeiture	rate	is	lower	than	the	previously	estimated	forfeiture	rate,	an	adjustment	is	made	that	will	result	in	an	increase	to	the	stock-based	compensation	expense	recognized	in	the	consolidated
financial	statements.
As	we	accumulate	additional	employee	stock-based	awards	data	over	time	and	as	we	incorporate	market	data	related	to	our	common	stock,	we	may	calculate	significantly	different	volatilities,	expected	lives	and	forfeiture	rates,	which
could	materially	impact	the	valuation	of	our	stock-based	awards	and	the	stock-based	compensation	expense	that	we	will	recognize	in	future	periods.	Stock-based	compensation	expense	is	recorded	in	our	cost	of	revenues,	research	and
development	expenses,	and	selling,	general	and	administrative	expenses.
In	August	2012,	our	Board	of	Directors	granted	5,274,901	stock	options	to	our	CEO	(the	“2012	CEO	Grant”).	The	2012	CEO	Grant	consists	of	ten	vesting	tranches	with	a	vesting	schedule	based	entirely	on	the	attainment	of	both
performance	conditions	and	market	conditions,	assuming	continued	employment	and	service	to	us	through	each	vesting	date.
Each	of	the	ten	vesting	tranches	requires	a	combination	of	one	of	the	ten	pre-determined	performance	milestones	and	an	incremental	increase	in	our	market	capitalization	of	$4.0	billion,	as	compared	to	the	initial	market	capitalization
of	$3.2	billion	measured	at	the	time	of	the	2012	CEO	Grant.
The	term	of	the	2012	CEO	Grant	is	ten	years,	so	any	tranches	that	remain	unvested	at	the	expiration	of	the	2012	CEO	Grant	will	be	forfeited.		In	addition,	unvested	options	will	be	forfeited	if	our	CEO	is	no	longer	in	that	role,	whether
for	cause	or	otherwise.
We	measured	the	fair	value	of	the	2012	CEO	Grant	using	a	Monte	Carlo	simulation	approach	with	the	following	assumptions:	risk-free	interest	rate	of	1.65%,	expected	term	of	ten	years,	expected	volatility	of	55%	and	dividend	yield	of
0%.
Stock-based	compensation	expense	associated	with	the	2012	CEO	Grant	is	recognized	for	each	pair	of	performance	and	market	conditions	over	the	longer	of	the	expected	achievement	period	of	the	performance	and	market	conditions,
beginning	at	the	point	in	time	that	the	relevant	performance	condition	is	considered	probable	of	being	met.
	
41	
As	of	December	31,	2016,	the	market	conditions	for	seven	vesting	tranches	and	the	following	performance	milestones	were	achieved	and	approved	by	our	Board	of	Directors,	and	therefore	five	of	ten	tranches	of	the	2012	CEO	Grant
were	vested	as	of	such	date:
	
•
Successful	completion	of	the	Model	X	Alpha	Prototype;
	
•
Successful	completion	of	the	Model	X	Beta	Prototype;
	
•
Completion	of	the	first	Model	X	Production	Vehicle;
	
•
Aggregate	vehicle	production	of	100,000	vehicles;	and
	
•
Successful	completion	of	the	Model	3	Alpha	Prototype.
As	of	December	31,	2016,	the	following	performance	milestones	were	considered	probable	of	achievement:
	
•
Successful	completion	of	the	Model	3	Beta	Prototype;
	
•
Completion	of	the	first	Model	3	Production	Vehicle;
	
•
Aggregate	vehicle	production	of	200,000	vehicles;	and
	
•
Aggregate	vehicle	production	of	300,000	vehicles.
We	expect	that	the	next	performance	milestone	to	be	achieved	will	be	the	successful	completion	of	the	Model	3	Beta	Prototype,	which	would	be	achieved	upon	the	determination	by	our	Board	of	Directors	that	an	eligible	prototype	has
been	completed.		Candidates	for	such	prototype	are	among	the	vehicles	that	we	are	currently	building	as	part	of	our	ongoing	testing	of	our	Model	3	vehicle	design	and	manufacturing	processes.
As	the	above	four	performance	milestones	were	considered	probable	of	achievement,	we	recorded	stock-based	compensation	expense	of	$15.8	million,	$10.6	million	and	$25.0	million	for	the	years	ended	December	31,	2016,	2015	and
2014.
Additionally,	no	cash	compensation	has	ever	been	received	by	our	CEO	for	his	services	to	the	Company.
Income	Taxes
We	are	subject	to	federal	and	state	taxes	in	the	United	States	and	in	many	foreign	jurisdictions.	Significant	judgment	is	required	in	determining	our	provision	for	income	taxes,	our	deferred	tax	assets	and	liabilities	and	any	valuation
allowance	recorded	against	our	net	deferred	tax	assets.	We	make	these	estimates	and	judgments	about	our	future	taxable	income	that	are	based	on	assumptions	that	are	consistent	with	our	future	plans.	Tax	laws,	regulations,	and	administrative
practices	may	be	subject	to	change	due	to	economic	or	political	conditions	including	fundamental	changes	to	the	tax	laws	applicable	to	corporate	multinationals.	The	U.S.,	many	countries	in	the	European	Union,	and	a	number	of	other	countries
are	actively	considering	changes	in	this	regard.	As	of	December	31,	2016,	we	had	recorded	a	full	valuation	allowance	on	our	net	U.S.	deferred	tax	assets	because	we	expect	that	it	is	more	likely	than	not	that	our	U.S.	deferred	tax	assets	will	not
be	realized	in	the	foreseeable	future.	Should	the	actual	amounts	differ	from	our	estimates,	the	amount	of	our	valuation	allowance	could	be	materially	impacted.
Furthermore,	significant	judgment	is	required	in	evaluating	our	tax	positions.	In	the	ordinary	course	of	business,	there	are	many	transactions	and	calculations	for	which	the	ultimate	tax	settlement	is	uncertain.	As	a	result,	we
recognize	the	effect	of	this	uncertainty	on	our	tax	attributes	based	on	our	estimates	of	the	eventual	outcome.	These	effects	are	recognized	when,	despite	our	belief	that	our	tax	return	positions	are	supportable,	we	believe	that	it	is	more	likely
than	not	that	those	positions	may	not	be	fully	sustained	upon	review	by	tax	authorities.	We	are	required	to	file	income	tax	returns	in	the	United	States	and	various	foreign	jurisdictions,	which	requires	us	to	interpret	the	applicable	tax	laws	and
regulations	in	effect	in	such	jurisdictions.	Such	returns	are	subject	to	audit	by	the	various	federal,	state	and	foreign	taxing	authorities,	who	may	disagree	with	respect	to	our	tax	positions.	We	believe	that	our	consideration	is	adequate	for	all	open
audit	years	based	on	our	assessment	of	many	factors,	including	past	experience	and	interpretations	of	tax	law.	We	review	and	update	our	estimates	in	light	of	changing	facts	and	circumstances,	such	as	the	closing	of	a	tax	audit,	the	lapse	of	a
statute	of	limitations	or	a	change	in	estimate.	To	the	extent	that	the	final	tax	outcome	of	these	matters	differs	from	our	expectations,	such	differences	may	impact	income	tax	expense	in	the	period	in	which	such	determination	is	made.	The
eventual	impact	on	our	income	tax	expense	depends	in	part	if	we	still	have	a	valuation	allowance	recorded	against	our	deferred	tax	assets	in	the	period	that	such	determination	is	made.
	
42	
Principles	of	Consolidation
Our	consolidated	financial	statements	reflect	our	accounts	and	operations	and	those	of	our	subsidiaries	in	which	we	have	a	controlling	financial	interest.	In	accordance	with	the	provisions	of	Financial	Accounting	Standards	Board,	or
FASB,	ASC	810	
Consolidation
,	we	consolidate	any	variable	interest	entity,	or	VIE,	of	which	we	are	the	primary	beneficiary.	We	form	VIEs	with	our	financing	fund	investors	in	the	ordinary	course	of	business	in	order	to	facilitate	the	funding	and
monetization	of	certain	attributes	associated	with	our	solar	energy	systems.	The	typical	condition	for	a	controlling	financial	interest	ownership	is	holding	a	majority	of	the	voting	interests	of	an	entity;	however,	a	controlling	financial	interest	may
also	exist	in	entities,	such	as	VIEs,	through	arrangements	that	do	not	involve	controlling	voting	interests.	ASC	810	requires	a	variable	interest	holder	to	consolidate	a	VIE	if	that	party	has	the	power	to	direct	the	activities	of	the	VIE	that	most
significantly	impact	the	VIE’s	economic	performance	and	the	obligation	to	absorb	losses	of	the	VIE	that	could	potentially	be	significant	to	the	VIE	or	the	right	to	receive	benefits	from	the	VIE	that	could	potentially	be	significant	to	the	VIE.	We	do
not	consolidate	a	VIE	in	which	we	have	a	majority	ownership	interest	when	we	are	not	considered	the	primary	beneficiary.	We	have	determined	that	we	are	the	primary	beneficiary	of	a	number	of	VIEs.	We	evaluate	our	relationships	with	all	the
VIEs	on	an	ongoing	basis	to	ensure	that	we	continue	to	be	the	primary	beneficiary.	All	intercompany	transactions	and	balances	have	been	eliminated	in	consolidation.
Noncontrolling	Interests	and	Redeemable	Noncontrolling	Interests
Noncontrolling	interests	and	redeemable	noncontrolling	interests	represent	third-party	interests	in	the	net	assets	under	certain	funding	arrangements,	or	funds,	that	SolarCity	enters	into	to	finance	the	costs	of	solar	energy	systems
under	operating	leases.	We	have	determined	that	the	contractual	provisions	of	the	funds	represent	substantive	profit	sharing	arrangements.	We	have	further	determined	that	the	appropriate	methodology	for	calculating	the	noncontrolling
interest	and	redeemable	noncontrolling	interest	balances	that	reflects	the	substantive	profit	sharing	arrangements	is	a	balance	sheet	approach	using	the	HLBV	method.	We,	therefore,	determine	the	amount	of	the	noncontrolling	interests	and
redeemable	noncontrolling	interests	in	the	net	assets	of	the	funds	at	each	balance	sheet	date	using	the	HLBV	method,	which	is	presented	on	our	Consolidated	Balance	Sheets	as	noncontrolling	interests	in	subsidiaries	and	redeemable
noncontrolling	interests	in	subsidiaries.	Under	the	HLBV	method,	the	amounts	reported	as	noncontrolling	interests	and	redeemable	noncontrolling	interests	in	our	consolidated	balance	sheets	represent	the	amounts	the	third-parties	would
hypothetically	receive	at	each	balance	sheet	date	under	the	liquidation	provisions	of	the	funds,	assuming	the	net	assets	of	the	funds	were	liquidated	at	their	recorded	amounts	determined	in	accordance	with	GAAP	and	distributed	to	the	third-
parties.	The	third-parties’	interests	in	the	results	of	operations	of	the	funds	are	determined	as	the	difference	in	the	noncontrolling	interest	and	redeemable	noncontrolling	interest	balances	in	our	Consolidated	Balance	Sheets	between	the	start
and	end	of	each	reporting	period,	after	taking	into	account	any	capital	transactions	between	the	funds	and	the	third-parties.	However,	the	redeemable	noncontrolling	interest	balance	is	at	least	equal	to	the	redemption	amount.	The	redeemable
noncontrolling	interest	balance	is	presented	as	temporary	equity	in	the	mezzanine	section	of	our	Consolidated	Balance	Sheets	since	these	third-parties	have	the	right	to	redeem	their	interests	in	the	funds	for	cash	or	other	assets.
Business	Combinations
We	allocate	the	fair	value	of	purchase	consideration	to	the	tangible	assets	acquired,	liabilities	assumed	and	intangible	assets	acquired	based	on	their	estimated	fair	values.	The	excess	of	the	fair	value	of	purchase	consideration	over	the
fair	values	of	these	identifiable	assets	and	liabilities	is	recorded	as	goodwill.	The	excess	of	the	fair	values	of	these	identifiable	assets	and	liabilities	over	the	fair	value	of	purchase	consideration	is	recorded	as	gain	from	bargain	purchase	in	other
income	and	expense,	net	in	our	Consolidated	Statements	of	Operations.	When	determining	the	fair	values	of	assets	acquired	and	liabilities	assumed,	management	makes	significant	estimates	and	assumptions,	especially	with	respect	to	intangible
assets	and	certain	tangible	assets	such	as	solar	energy	systems	acquired	as	part	of	our	SolarCity	acquisition.
Critical	estimates	in	valuing	certain	tangible	and	intangible	assets	include	but	are	not	limited	to	future	expected	cash	flows	from	the	underlying	assets	and	discount	rates.	Management’s	estimates	of	fair	value	are	based	upon
assumptions	believed	to	be	reasonable,	but	which	are	inherently	uncertain	and	unpredictable	and,	as	a	result,	actual	results	may	differ	from	estimates.
Other	estimates	associated	with	the	accounting	for	acquisitions	may	change	as	additional	information	becomes	available	regarding	the	assets	acquired	and	liabilities	assumed,	as	more	fully	discussed	in	Note	3	of	Notes	to	Consolidated
Financial	Statements	included	in	Item	8	of	this	Annual	Report	on	Form	10-K.
	
	
	
43	
Results	of	Operations
Revenues
	
	
	
Year	Ended	December	31,
	
	
Change	2016	vs.	2015
	
	
Change	2015	vs.
	
2014
	
(Dollars	in	thousands)
	
2016
	
	
2015
	
	
2014
	
	
$
	
	
%
	
	
$
	
	
%
	
Automotive
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Automotive
	
$
5,589,007
	
	
$
3,431,587
	
	
$
2,874,448
	
	
$
2,157,420
	
	
	
63
%
	
$
557,139
	
	
	
19
%
Automotive	leasing
	
	
761,759
	
	
	
309,386
	
	
	
132,564
	
	
	
452,373
	
	
	
146
%
	
	
176,822
	
	
	
133
%
Services	and	other
	
	
467,972
	
	
	
290,575
	
	
	
187,136
	
	
	
177,397
	
	
	
61
%
	
	
103,439
	
	
	
55
%
Total	automotive	revenue
	
	
6,818,738
	
	
	
4,031,548
	
	
	
3,194,148
	
	
	
2,787,190
	
	
	
69
%
	
	
837,400
	
	
	
26
%
Energy	generation	and	storage
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Energy	generation	and	storage
	
	
181,394
	
	
	
14,477
	
	
	
4,208
	
	
	
166,917
	
	
	
1153
%
	
	
10,269
	
	
	
244
%
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Total	revenues
	
$
7,000,132
	
	
$
4,046,025
	
	
$
3,198,356
	
	
$
2,954,107
	
	
	
73
%
	
$
847,669
	
	
	
27
%
	
Automotive	Segment
Automotive	revenue	includes	revenues	related	to	sale	of	new	Model	S	and	Model	X	vehicles,	including	internet	connectivity,	Supercharger	access,	and	specified	software	updates	for	cars	equipped	with	autopilot	hardware,	as	well	as
sales	of	regulatory	credits	to	other	automotive	manufacturers.		Automotive	leasing	revenue	includes	the	amortization	of	revenue	for	Model	S	and	Model	X	vehicles	sold	with	resale	value	guarantees	accounted	for	as	operating	leases	under	lease
accounting.
Services	and	other	revenue	consists	of	sales	of	electric	vehicle	powertrain	components	and	systems	to	other	manufacturers,	maintenance	services	and	sales	of	pre-owned	vehicles.
2016	compared	to	2015
Automotive	revenue	increased	$2.16	billion,	or	63%	to	$5.59	billion	during	the	year	ended	December	31,	2016	compared	to	the	year	ended	December	31,	2015,	primarily	related	to	a	55%	increase	in	vehicle	deliveries	to	approximately
50,700.		The	increase	in	volume	is	primarily	due	to	a	full	year	of	Model	X	deliveries	in	2016,	as	well	as	increased	production	and	sales	of	Model	S.	Further,	there	was	an	overall	increase	in	average	selling	price	of	6.1%	primarily	due	to	the
introduction	of	Model	X	which	are	higher	priced	vehicles	compared	to	Model	S.		In	addition,	there	is	an	increase	of	$133.4	million	to	$302.3	million	of	the	sale	of	regulatory	credits	from	the	year	ended	December	31,	2015	to	the	corresponding
period	in	2016.		These	increases	were	partially	offset	by	negative	impact	from	the	movement	of	foreign	currency	exchange	rates.
Automotive	leasing	revenue	increased	$452.4	million,	or	146%,	to	$761.8	million	during	the	year	ended	December	31,	2016	compared	to	the	year	ended	December	31,	2015.	The	increase	was	primarily	due	to	an	83%	increase	in
cumulative	vehicle	deliveries	under	leasing	programs	and	programs	with	a	resale	value	guarantee	from	the	year	ended	December	31,	2015	to	the	year	ended	December	31,	2016.		In	addition,	during	the	year	ended	December	31,	2016,	we
recognized	$112.6	million	in	automotive	leasing	revenue	upon	the	expiration	of	resale	value	guarantees.
Service	and	other	revenue	increased	$177.4	million,	or	61%,	to	$468.0	million	during	the	year	ended	December	31,	2016	compared	to	the	year	ended	December	31,	2015,	primarily	due	to	an	increase	of	$117.4	million	in	pre-owned
vehicle	sales	as	we	received	more	trade-ins	and	an	increase	in	maintenance	service	revenue	of	$66.6	million	as	our	fleet	continues	to	grow.
2015	compared	to	2014
Automotive	revenue	during	the	years	ended	December	31,	2015	and	2014	were	$3.43	billion	and	$2.87	billion.	Automotive	leasing	revenue	during	the	years	ended	December	31,	2015	and	2014	were	$309.4	million	and	$132.6	million.
The	increase	of	automotive	revenue	and	automotive	leasing	revenue	was	primarily	driven	by	the	ramp	in	vehicle	deliveries.
Service	and	other	revenue	during	the	years	ended	December	31,	2015	and	2014	were	$290.6	million	and	$187.1	million,	related	primarily	to	increases	in	pre-owned	vehicle	sales	and	maintenance	service	revenue.
Energy	Generation	and	Storage	Segment
Energy	generation	and	storage	revenue	includes	sale	of	solar	energy	systems	and	energy	storage	products,	leasing	revenue	from	solar	energy	systems	under	operating	leases	and	power	purchase	agreements	and	the	sale	of	solar
energy	systems	incentives.		
	
44	
Energy	generation	and	storage	revenue	increased	$166.9	million,	or	1,153%,	primarily	due	to	$84.1	million	as	a	result	of	the	inclusion	of	revenue	from	SolarCity	from	the	acquisition	date	of	November	21,	2016	through	December	31,
2016,	as	well	as	an	increase	of	$82.8	million	in	energy	storage	revenue	as	we	ramped	up	our	energy	storage	sales	effort	and	completed	several	utility	scale	projects	such	as	
Southern	California	Edison	Mira	Loma	substation
.
Cost	of	Revenues	and	Gross	Profit
	
	
	
Year	Ended	December	31,
	
	
Change	2016	vs.	2015
	
	
Change	2015	vs.	2014
	
(Dollars	in	thousands)
	
2016
	
	
2015
	
	
2014
	
	
$
	
	
%
	
	
$
	
	
%
	
Cost	of	revenues
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Automotive
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Automotive
	
$
4,268,087
	
	
$
2,639,926
	
	
$
2,058,344
	
	
$
1,628,161
	
	
	
62
%
	
$
581,582
	
	
	
28
%
Automotive	leasing
	
	
481,994
	
	
	
183,376
	
	
	
87,405
	
	
	
298,618
	
	
	
163
%
	
	
95,971
	
	
	
110
%
Services	and	other
	
	
472,462
	
	
	
286,933
	
	
	
166,931
	
	
	
185,529
	
	
	
65
%
	
	
120,002
	
	
	
72
%
Total	Automotive	cost	of	revenue
	
	
5,222,543
	
	
	
3,110,235
	
	
	
2,312,680
	
	
	
2,112,308
	
	
	
68
%
	
	
797,555
	
	
	
34
%
Energy	generation	and	storage
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Energy	generation	and	storage	cost	of	revenue
	
	
178,332
	
	
	
12,287
	
	
	
4,005
	
	
	
166,045
	
	
	
1351
%
	
	
8,282
	
	
	
207
%
Total	cost	of	revenues
	
$
5,400,875
	
	
$
3,122,522
	
	
$
2,316,685
	
	
$
2,278,353
	
	
	
73
%
	
$
805,837
	
	
	
35
%
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Gross	profit	total	automotive
	
$
1,596,195
	
	
$
921,313
	
	
$
881,468
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Gross	margin	total	automotive
	
	
23.4
%
	
	
22.9
%
	
	
27.6
%
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Gross	profit	energy	generation	and	storage
	
	
3,062
	
	
	
2,190
	
	
	
203
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Gross	margin	energy	generation	and	storage
	
	
1.7
%
	
	
15.1
%
	
	
4.8
%
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Total	gross	profit
	
$
1,599,257
	
	
$
923,503
	
	
$
881,671
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Total	gross	margin
	
	
22.8
%
	
	
22.8
%
	
	
27.6
%
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Automotive	Segment
Cost	of	automotive	revenue	includes	direct	parts,	material	and	labor	costs,	manufacturing	overhead,	including	depreciation	costs	of	tooling	and	machinery,	shipping	and	logistic	costs,	vehicle	connectivity	costs,	allocations	of	electricity
and	infrastructure	costs	related	to	our	Supercharger	network,	and	reserves	for	estimated	warranty	expenses.	Cost	of	automotive	revenues	also	includes	adjustments	to	warranty	expense	and	charges	to	write	down	the	carrying	value	of	our
inventory	when	it	exceeds	its	estimated	net	realizable	value	and	to	provide	for	obsolete	and	on-hand	inventory	in	excess	of	forecasted	demand.	
Cost	of	automotive	leasing	revenue	includes	primarily	the	amortization	of	operating	lease	vehicles	over	the	lease	term,	as	well	as	warranty	expenses	recognized	as	incurred.		Cost	of	services	and	other	revenue	includes	direct	parts,
material	and	labor	costs,	manufacturing	overhead	associated	with	the	sales	of	electric	vehicle	powertrain	components	and	systems	to	other	manufacturers	and	energy	products,	costs	associated	with	providing	maintenance	
services
,	and	costs	to
acquire	and	certify	pre-owned	vehicles.
2016	compared	to	2015
Cost	of	automotive	revenues	increased	$1.63	billion,	or	62%,	to	$4.27	billion	during	the	year	ended	December	31,	2016	compared	to	the	year	ended	December	31,	2015.	The	increase	was	primarily	due	to	a	55%	increase	in	vehicle
deliveries	as	a	result	of	a	full	year	of	Model	X	deliveries	as	well	as	increased	deliveries	for	Model	S.	In	addition,	the	increase	is	due	to	product	mix	as	Model	X	has	a	higher	cost	structure	than	Model	S.		The	increase	in	cost	of	automotive	revenue
is	partially	offset	by	a	reduction	of	warranty	expense	of	$20.0	million	resulting	from	better	vehicle	reliability.		
Cost	of	automotive	leasing	revenue	increased	$298.6	million,	or	163%,	to	$482.0	million	during	the	year	ended	December	31,	2016	compared	to	the	year	ended	December	31,	2015.	The	increase	is	primarily	due	to	an	83%	increase	in
cumulative	vehicle	deliveries	under	leasing	programs	and	programs	with	resale	value	guarantees	from	the	year	ended	December	31,	2015	to	the	year	ended	December	31,	2016.		In	addition,	during	the	year	ended	December	31,	2016,	we
recognized	$114.3	million	in	cost	of	automotive	leasing	revenues	upon	the	expiration	of	resale	value	guarantees.
Cost	of	services	and	other	revenue	increased	$185.5	million,	or	65%,	to	$472.5	million	during	the	year	ended	December	31,	2016	compared	to	the	year	ended	December	31,	2015,	primarily	due	to	an	increase	of	$120.8	million	in	cost
of	pre-owned	vehicle	sales	due	to	increase	in	volume,	and	an	increase	of	$64.9	million	in	cost	to	provide	maintenance	service	as	our	fleet	continues	to	grow.		
	
45	
Gross	profit	for	the	Automotive	segment	increased	from	$921.3	million	for	the	year	ended	December	31,	2015	to	$1.60	billion	for	the	year	ended	December	31,	2016.		Automotive	gross	margin	increased	from	22.9%	for	the	year	ended
December	31,	2015,	to	23.4%	for	the	year	ended	December	31,	2016.		The	increase	was	primarily	due	to	lower	material	and	manufacturing	costs	as	we	further	improve	our	production	processes,	partially	offset	by	a	negative	impact	from	the
movement	in	foreign	exchange	and	increased	expenditures	to	build	out	our	service	centers	and	provide	maintenance.								
2015	Compared	to	2014
Cost	of	automotive	revenues	increased	$581.6	million,	or	28%,	to	$2.64	billion	during	the	year	ended	December	31,	2015	compared	to	the	year	ended	December	31,	2014.		The	increase	in	cost	of	automotive	revenues	was	driven
primarily	by	increased	Model	S	deliveries.
Cost	of	automotive	leasing	revenue	increased	$96.0	million,	or	110%,	to	$183.4	million	during	the	year	ended	December	31,	2015	compared	to	the	year	ended	December	31,	2014.		The	increase	is	primarily	due	to	an	increase	in
cumulative	vehicle	deliveries	under	leasing	programs	and	programs	with	resale	value	guarantees	as	volume	of	Model	S	increased.
For	the	years	ended	December	31,	2015	and	2014,	costs	of	services	and	other	revenue	were	$286.9	million	and	$166.9	million.	The	increase	in	cost	of	services	and	other	revenues	was	driven	primarily	by	greater	pre-owned	vehicle
sales	and	increased	maintenance	and	repair	services.
Gross	profit	for	the	automotive	segment	increased	from	$881.5	million	from	the	year	ended	December	31,	2014	to	$921.3	million	for	the	year	ended	December	31,	2015.	Gross	margin	for	the	years	ended	December	31,	2015	and	2014
were	22.9%	and	27.6%.	The	lower	margin	in	2015	as	compared	to	2014	was	primarily	due	to	product	and	regional	mix	shift,	as	a	greater	percentage	of	sales	were	derived	from	vehicle	models	with	lower	average	selling	prices,	and	increased
manufacturing	costs	related	to	the	ramp	in	production	of	the	small	drive	unit	for	dual	motor	Model	S	vehicles	and	start	of	Model	X	production,	obsolete	inventory	and	lower	ZEV	credits	revenue.	This	margin	decrease	was	partially	offset	by	an
increasing	amount	of	revenues	from	vehicles	accounted	for	as	leases	including	direct	lease	vehicles	and	those	under	our	resale	value	guarantee	programs	which	have	a	significantly	higher	gross	margin	and	from	material	cost	savings.	Services
and	other	gross	margin	were	also	down	year	over	year,	primarily	driven	by	a	planned	price	reduction	for	powertrain	sales	to	Daimler.
Energy	Generation	and	Storage	Segment
Cost	of	energy	generation	and	storage	revenue	includes	direct	material	and	labor	costs,	overhead	of	solar	energy	systems	and	energy	storage	products	and	the	depreciation	expense	and	maintenance	costs	associated	with	leased	solar
energy	systems.		
Cost	of	energy	generation	and	storage	revenue	increased	$166.0	million	to	$178.3	million	during	the	year	ended	December	31,	2016	compared	to	the	year	ended	December	31,	2015.		The	increase	is	due	to	an	increase	of	$67.0	million
as	a	result	of	the	inclusion	of	SolarCity’s	financial	results	from	the	acquisition	date	of	November	21,	2016	to	December	31,	2016.		The	remaining	increase	was	due	to	increase	in	the	sale	of	energy	storage	products	and	increased	expenditures	to
increase	the	capacity	of	energy	storage	products.		
Cost	of	energy	generation	and	storage	revenue	in	2014	was	insignificant.	
Gross	profit	and	related	margin	for	energy	generation	and	storage	was	also	insignificant	in	all	periods	presented.
Research	and	Development	Expenses
	
	
	
Year	Ended	December	31,
	
	
Change	2016	vs.	2015
	
	
Change	2015	vs.	2014
	
(Dollars	in	thousands)
	
2016
	
	
2015
	
	
2014
	
	
$
	
	
%
	
	
$
	
	
%
	
Research	and	development
	
$
834,408
	
	
$
717,900
	
	
$
464,700
	
	
	
116,508
	
	
	
16
%
	
	
253,200
	
	
	
54
%
As	a	percentage	of	revenues
	
	
11.9
%
	
	
17.7
%
	
	
14.5
%
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Research	and	development	(R&D)	expenses	consist	primarily	of	personnel	costs	for	our	teams	in	engineering	and	research,	supply	chain,	quality,	manufacturing	engineering	and	manufacturing	test	organizations,	prototyping	expense,
contract	and	professional	services	and	amortized	equipment	expense.
R&D	expenses	increased	$116.5	million,	or	16%,	to	$834.4	million	during	the	year	ended	December	31,	2016	compared	to	the	year	ended	December	31,	2015.	The	increase	of	$116.5	million	was	primarily	due	to	a	$78.2	million
increase	in	employee	and	labor	related	expenses	due	to	a	15%	headcount	increase	as	we	expanded	our	vehicle	business	in	the	U.S.	and	internationally,	and	a	$65.0	million	increase	in	stock-based	compensation	expense	related	to	an	increase	in
headcount	and	number	of	employee	stock	awards	granted	for	new	hire	and	refresher	employee	stock	grants.	This	is	partially	offset	by	a	$25.9	million	decrease	in	expensed	materials	related	to	our	Model	X	development,	which	was	primarily
incurred	in	2015.	The	overall	increase	also	includes	$11.0	million	related	to	SolarCity.		
	
46	
R&D	expenses	increased	$253.2	million,	or	54%,	to	$717.9	million	during	the	year	ended	December	31,	2015	compared	to	the	year	ended	December	31,	2014.	The	increase	in	R&D	expenses	consisted	primarily	of	a	$93.9	million
increase	in	expensed	materials	primarily	to	support	our	Model	X	development	and	Model	S	improvements,	a	$75.9	million	increase	in	employee	compensation	expenses,	a	$30.6	million	increase	in	facilities	and	depreciation	costs,		a	$20.1	million
increase	in	costs	related	to	Model	X,	autopilot	and	dual	motor	powertrain	engineering,	design	and	testing	activities	and	a	$22.8	million	increase	in	stock-based	compensation	expense	related	to	increased	headcount	and	increasing	values	of
awards	granted.
Selling,	General	and	Administrative	Expenses
	
	
	
Year	Ended	December	31,
	
	
Change	2016	vs.	2015
	
	
Change	2015	vs.	2014
	
(Dollars	in	thousands)
	
2016
	
	
2015
	
	
2014
	
	
$
	
	
%
	
	
$
	
	
%
	
Selling,	general	and	administrative
	
$
1,432,189
	
	
$
922,232
	
	
$
603,660
	
	
	
509,957
	
	
	
55
%
	
	
318,572
	
	
	
53
%
As	a	percentage	of	revenues
	
	
20.5
%
	
	
22.8
%
	
	
18.9
%
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Selling,	general	and	administrative	(SG&A)	expenses	consist	primarily	of	personnel	and	facilities	costs	related	to	our	stores,	marketing,	sales,	executive,	finance,	human	resources,	information	technology	and	legal	organizations,	as
well	as	litigation	settlements	and	fees	for	professional	and	contract	services.
SG&A	expenses	increased	$510.0	million,	or	55%,	to	$1.43	billion	during	the	year	ended	December	31,	2016	compared	to	the	year	ended	December	31,	2015.	The	increase	in	SG&A	expenses	was	primarily	due	to	a	$247.2	million
increase	in	employee	and	labor	related	expenses	due	to	a	61.3%	increase	in	headcount	as	we	expanded	our	business	in	the	U.S.	and	internationally,	a	$91.0	million	increase	in	office,	information	technology	and	facilities-related	costs	to	support
the	growth	of	our	business	as	well	as	sales	and	marketing	activities	to	handle	our	expanding	market	presence,	and	a	$58.1	million	increase	in	stock-based	compensation	expense	related	to	increased	number	of	employee	stock	awards	granted	for
new	hire	and	existing	employees.		The	increase	includes	$74.3	million	related	to	SolarCity.
SG&A	expenses	increased	$318.6	million,	or	53%,	to	$922.2	million	during	the	year	ended	December	31,	2015	compared	to	the	year	ended	December	31,	2014.		The	increase	in	our	SG&A	expenses	consisted	primarily	of	a	$138.4
million	increase	in	employee	compensation	expenses	related	to	higher	sales,	service	and	marketing	headcount	to	support	sales	activities	worldwide	and	higher	general	and	administrative	headcount	to	support	the	expansion	of	the	business,
$126.1	million	increase	in	office,	information	technology	and	facilities-related	costs	to	support	the	growth	of	our	business	as	well	as	sales	and	marketing	activities	to	handle	our	expanding	market	presence,	a	$41.8	million	increase	in	professional
and	outside	services	costs,	and	a	$12.2	million	increase	in	stock	based	compensation.
Interest	Expense
	
	
	
Year	Ended	December	31,
	
	
Change	2016	vs.	2015
	
	
Change	2015	vs.	2014
	
(Dollars	in	thousands)
	
2016
	
	
2015
	
	
2014
	
	
$
	
	
%
	
	
$
	
	
%
	
Interest	expense
	
$
(198,810
)
	
$
(118,851
)
	
$
(100,886
)
	
	
(79,959
)
	
	
67
%
	
	
(17,965
)
	
	
18
%
As	a	percentage	of	revenues
	
	
-2.8
%
	
	
-2.9
%
	
	
-3.2
%
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Interest	expense	for	the	year	ended	December	31,	2016	increased	$80.0	million,	or	67%,	from	the	year	ended	December	31,	2015.		The	increase	as	compared	to	the	year	ended	December	31,	2015	consisted	primarily	of	a	$33.1	million
increase	in	interest	expense	on	vehicles	sales	that	we	account	for	as	collateralized	borrowing,	a	$28.5	million	increase	in	interest	expense	on	build-to-suit	leases	and	a	$22.0	million	increase	in	interest	expense	associated	with	SolarCity’s
indebtedness,	financing	obligations	and	capital	lease	obligations.		
Interest	expense	for	the	year	ended	December	31,	2015	was	$118.9	million,	as	compared	to	$100.9	million	during	the	year	ended	December	31,	2014.		The	increase	as	compared	to	the	same	periods	in	2014	was	due	to	the	issuance	of
$920.0	million	aggregate	principal	amount	of	2019	Notes	and	$1.38	billion	aggregate	principal	amount	of	2021	Notes	during	the	first	half	of	2014.
Other	Income	(Expense),	Net
	
	
	
Year	Ended	December	31,
	
	
Change	2016	vs.	2015
	
	
Change	2015	vs.	2014
	
(Dollars	in	thousands)
	
2016
	
	
2015
	
	
2014
	
	
$
	
	
%
	
	
$
	
	
%
	
Other	income	(expense),	net
	
$
111,272
	
	
$
(41,652
)
	
$
1,813
	
	
	
152,924
	
	
	
-367
%
	
	
(43,465
)
	
	
-2397
%
As	a	percentage	of	revenues
	
	
1.6
%
	
	
-1.0
%
	
*
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
*	=	less	than	1%
	
47	
Other	income	(expense),	net,	consists	primarily	of	foreign	exchange	gains	and	losses	related	to	our	foreign	currency-denominated	assets	and	liabilities.		We	expect	our	foreign	exchange	gains	and	losses	will	vary	depending	upon
movements	in	the	underlying	exchange	rates.		Additionally,	other	income	(expense),	net,	includes	a	gain	from	the	acquisition	of	SolarCity	for	the	year	ended	December	31,	2016.		
Other	income,	net,	was	$111.3	million	in	the	year	ended	December	31,	2016,	as	compared	to	other	expense,	net,	of	$41.7	million	during	the	same	period	in	2015,	representing	increases	of	$152.9	million.	During	the	year	ended
December	31,	2016,	we	recognized	a	gain	from	the	acquisition	of	SolarCity	of	$88.7	million	and	a	loss	on	conversion	of	our	2018	Notes	of	$7.2	million.	The	remainder	of	the	change	in	other	income	(expense),	net,	was	primarily	result	of
fluctuations	in	gains	(losses)	from	foreign	currency	exchange.
Other	expense	was	$41.7	million	in	the	year	ended	December	31,	2015,	as	compared	to	an	income	of	$1.8	million	during	the	same	period	in	2014.		Fluctuations	in	other	income	(expense)	from	2014	to	2015	are	primarily	the	result	of
gains	(losses)	from	foreign	currency	exchange	of	($45.6)	million	and	$2.0	million	for	the	years	ended	December	31,	2015	and	2014.	Foreign	currency	losses	during	2015	related	primarily	to	changes	in	the	exchange	rates	of	euro,	Norwegian
krone,	Canadian	dollars,	and	Chinese	yuan.
Provision	for	Income	Taxes
	
	
	
Year	Ended	December	31,
	
	
Change	2016	vs.	2015
	
	
Change	2015	vs.	2014
	
(Dollars	in	thousands)
	
2016
	
	
2015
	
	
2014
	
	
$
	
	
%
	
	
$
	
	
%
	
Provision	for	income	taxes
	
$
26,698
	
	
$
13,039
	
	
$
9,404
	
	
	
13,659
	
	
	
105
%
	
	
3,635
	
	
	
39
%
As	a	percentage	of	loss	before	income	taxes
	
	
-3.6
%
	
	
-1.5
%
	
	
-3.3
%
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Our	provision	for	income	taxes	for	the	years	ended	December	31,	2016,	2015,	and	2014	was	$26.7	million,	$13.0	million,	and	$9.4	million.	The	increases	in	the	provision	for	income	taxes	were	due	primarily	to	the	increase	in	taxable
income	in	our	international	jurisdictions.		
Net	loss	attributable	to	noncontrolling	interests	and	redeemable	noncontrolling	interests
	
The	net	loss	allocation	to	noncontrolling	interests	and	redeemable	noncontrolling	interests	for	the	year	ended	December	31,	2016	was	$98.1	million	and	was	related	to	SolarCity’s	financing	arrangements.
	
	
Liquidity	and	Capital	Resources
	
Liquidity
	
As	of	December	31,	2016,	we	had	$3.39	billion	in	principal	sources	of	liquidity	available	from	our	cash	and	cash	equivalents,	which	included	$2.2	billion	of	money	market	funds.		This	balance	included	$969.0	million	drawn	under	our
asset	based	line	of	credit	and	$390.0	million	drawn	under	our	Warehouse	Agreement	which	we	entered	into	in	August	2016	to	support	the	Tesla	Finance	direct	leasing	program.	In	addition,	the	balance	included	$213.5	million	of	cash	assumed	as
part	of	the	SolarCity	acquisition.	Amounts	held	in	foreign	currencies	had	a	U.S.	dollar	equivalent	of	$827.1	million	as	of	December	31	2016,	and	consisted	primarily	of	Euro,	Chinese	yuan	and	Canadian	dollars.
	
Sources	of	cash	are	predominately	from	our	deliveries	of	vehicles,	proceeds	from	retail	financing	activities,	and	sales	of	energy	generation	and	storage	products.	In	addition,	through	our	acquisition	of	SolarCity,	we	expect	to	generate
additional	liquidity	through	the	sale	of	solar	energy	systems	to	customers	and	financing	funds	created	to	monetize	the	cash	flows,	tax	attributes	and	other	incentives	generated	by	solar	energy	systems	deployed	under	operating	leases	or	power
purchase	agreements.	We	expect	that	our	current	sources	of	liquidity,	including	cash	and	cash	equivalents,	together	with	our	current	projections	of	cash	flow	from	operating	activities,	will	provide	us	with	adequate	liquidity	over	at	least	the	next
12	months	based	on	our	current	plans.	We	may	raise	funds	in	the	future,	including	through	potential	equity	or	debt	offerings,	subject	to	market	conditions	and	recognizing	that	we	cannot	be	certain	that	additional	funds	would	be	available	to	us
on	favorable	terms	or	at	all.	The	amount	and	timing	of	funds	that	we	may	raise	is	undetermined	and	will	vary	based	on	a	number	of	factors,	including	our	liquidity	needs	as	well	as	access	to	current	and	future	sources	of	liquidity.
	
	
These	current	sources	of	liquidity	and	cash	flows	enable	us	to	fund	our	ongoing	operations	and	research	and	development	projects,	the	initial	investments	in	tooling	and	manufacturing	capital	for	our	planned	Model	3;	the	continued
construction	of	Gigafactory	1;	and	the	expansion	of	our	retail	stores,	service	centers	and	Supercharger	network.	We	are	planning	to	produce	500,000	total	vehicles	in	2018,	which	is	approximately	double	our	prior	growth	plan.	We	continually
evaluate	our	capital	expenditure	needs.	
We	expect	to	invest	between	$2.0	billion	and	$2.5	billion	in	capital	expenditures	ahead	of	the	start	of	Model	3	production	in	2017.
	
	
48	
As	part	of	the	SolarCity	acquisition,	we	have	an	agreement	to	spend	or	incur	approximately	$5.0	billion	in	combined	capital,	operational	expenses,	costs	of	goods	sold	and	other	costs	in	the	State	of	New	York	during	the	10-year	period
following	full	production	at	Gigafactory	2.	We	anticipate	meeting	these	obligations	through	our	operations	at	Gigafactory	2	and	other	operations	within	the	State	of	New	York	over	the	10-year	term	of	the	agreement,	and	we	do	not	believe	that	we
face	a	significant	risk	of	default.
	
Capital	Resources
	
As	of	December	31,	2016,	we	have	the	following	credit	facilities	available:
	
	
•
Senior	secured	asset-based	revolving	Credit	Agreement	(the	“Credit	Agreement”)	up	to	the	lesser	of	$1.20	billion,	or	the	value	of	the	secured	assets	as	determined	monthly	pursuant	to	the	Credit	Agreement,
reduced	by	the	amount	of	letters	of	credit	outstanding	issued	under	the	Credit	Agreement,	As	of	December	31,	2016,	the	outstanding	amount	under	the	Credit	Agreement	is	$969.0	million.		
	
•
Loan	and	Security	Agreement	(“Warehouse	Agreement”)		up	to	the	lesser	of	$600.0	million	or	the	amount	based	on	the	securitization	value	of		certain	vehicle	leases	originated	by	Tesla.		As	of	December	31,	2016,
the	securitization	value	of	such	leases	was	sufficient	to	support	an	outstanding	amount	under	the	Warehouse	Agreement	of	$390.0	million.		
	
	
In	addition,	as	a	result	of	the	acquisition	of	SolarCity,	additional	credit	facilities	are	included	in	our	Consolidated	Financial	Statements	as	of	December	31,	2016.	SolarCity	has	financing	fund	commitments	from	several	fund	investors
that	can	be	drawn	in	the	future	upon	the	achievement	of	specific	funding	criteria.	As	of	December	31,	2016,	SolarCity	had	entered	into	63	financing	funds	that	had	a	total	of	$481.4	million	of	undrawn	committed	capital.
	
For	additional	details	regarding	our	and	SolarCity’s	recourse	and	non-recourse		indebtedness,	refer	to	Note	13,		Convertible	and	Long-term	Debt	Obligations,	to	our	Consolidated	Financial	Statements	included	elsewhere	in	this	annual
report	on	Form	10-K.
	
Summary	of	Cash	Flows
	
	
	
	
Year	Ended	December	31,
	
(Dollars	in	thousands)
	
2016
	
	
2015
	
	
2014
	
Net	cash	used	in	operating	activities
	
$
(123,829
)
	
$
(524,499
)
	
$
(57,337
)
Net	cash	used	in	investing	activities
	
	
(1,416,430
)
	
	
(1,673,551
)
	
	
(990,444
)
Net	cash	provided	by	financing	activities
	
	
3,743,976
	
	
	
1,523,523
	
	
	
2,143,130
	
	
Cash	Flows	from	Operating	Activities
	
Our	cash	flows	from	operating	activities	are	significantly	affected	by	our	cash	investments	to	support	the	growth	of	our	business	in	areas	such	as	manufacturing,	research	and	development	and	selling,	general	and	administrative.	Our
operating	cash	flows	are	also	affected	by	our	working	capital	needs	to	support	growth	and	fluctuations	in	inventory,	personnel	related	expenditures,	accounts	payable	and	other	current	assets	and	liabilities.
	
Our	operating	cash	inflows	include	cash	from	sales	and	leases	of	our	vehicles,	customer	deposits	for	vehicles,	including	Model	3,	sales	of	regulatory	credits,	sales	of	powertrain	components	and	systems,	and	energy	generation	and
storage	products.	These	cash	inflows	are	offset	by	payments	we	make	to	our	suppliers	for	production	materials	and	parts	used	in	our	manufacturing	process,	employee	compensation,	operating	leases	and	interest	expense	on	our	financings.
	
During	the	year	ended	December	31,	2016,	cash	used	in	operating	activities	was	$123.8	million	and	was	primarily	a	result	of	net	loss	incurred	of	$773.0	million,	an	increase	in	accounts	payable	and	accrued	liabilities	of	$750.6	million
as	our	business	expands,	an	increase	in	deferred	revenue	of	$383.0	million	as	the	number	of	vehicle	deliveries	with	resale	value	guarantee	increased,	an	increase	in	customer	deposits	of	388.4	million	primarily	as	a	result	of	Model	3	reservations
and	an	increase	in	resale	value	guarantees	of	$326.9	million.		These	increases	were	partially	offset	by	an	increase	in	inventories	and	operating	lease	vehicles	of	$2.47	billion	as	we	expand	our	program	for	direct	lease	and	vehicles	with	resale
value	guarantees.	Cash	used	in	operating	activities	also	included	non-cash	adjustments	of	$1.34	billion,	which	primarily	consisted	of	depreciation	expense	of	$947.1	million	and	stock-based	compensation	of	$334.2	million.		In	addition,	during	the
fourth	quarter	of	2016,	we	recognized	a	gain	of	$88.7	million	related	to	the	SolarCity	acquisition.		
	
	
49	
During	the	year	ended	December	31,	2015,	cash	used	in	operating	activities	was	$524.5	million	and	was	primarily	a	result	of	net	loss	incurred	of	$888.7	million,	and	an	increase	of	inventories	and	operating	lease	vehicles	of	$1.57
billion	as	we	expanded	our	program	for	direct	lease	and	vehicles	with	resale	value	guarantee.		These	decreases	were	partially	offset	by	an	increase	in	resale	value	guarantees	of	$442.3	million	and	deferred	revenue	of	$322.2	million	as	the
number	vehicles	with	resale	value	guarantee	increased.		Cash	used	by	operating	activities	also	included	non-cash	adjustments	of	$857.5	million.
	
During	the	year	ended	December	31,	2014,	cash	used	in	operating	activities	was	$57.3	million	and	was	primarily	a	result	of	net	loss	incurred	of	$294.0	million,	and	an	increase	of	inventories	and	operating	lease	vehicles	of	$1.05	billion
as	we	expanded	our	program	for	direct	lease	and	vehicles	with	resale	value	guarantee.		These	decreases	were	partially	offset	by	an	increase	in	resale	value	guarantee	of	$249.5	million	and	deferred	revenue	of	$209.7	million	as	the	number
vehicles	with	resale	value	guarantee	increased.		Cash	used	by	operating	activities	also	included	non-cash	adjustments	of	$493.5	million.	The	decrease	in	operating	cash	flows	in	2015	as	compared	to	2014	was	due	to	an	increase	in	overall
inventory	to	support	growth,	and	increase	in	operating	lease	vehicles,	partially	offset	by	proceeds	from	sales,	and	higher	operating	expenses	in	R&D	and	SG&A.
	
Cash	Flows	from	Investing	Activities
Cash	flows	from	investing	activities	primarily	relate	to	capital	expenditures	to	support	our	growth	in	operations,	including	investments	in	manufacturing	equipment	and	tooling,	the	continued	construction	of	our	Gigafactory,	and	our
stores,	service	centers	and	Supercharger	network	infrastructure.		Cash	used	in	investing	activities	was	$1.42	billion,	$1.67	billion	and	$990.4	million	for	the	years	ended	December	31,	2016,	2015	and	2014.	Cash	flows	from	investing	activities
and	variability	between	each	year	related	primarily	to	capital	expenditures,	which	were	$1.28	billion,	$1.63	billion	and	$969.9	million	for	2016,	2015	and	2014.		In	addition,	we	increased	our	restricted	cash	of	$206.1	million	as	a	result	of	the
assumed	restricted	cash	from	the	SolarCity	acquisition.		The	decreases	in	cash	flows	from	investing	activities	in	2016	was	partially	offset	by	the	assumed	cash	of	$213.5	million	as	a	result	of	the	SolarCity	acquisition.		
	
In	2014,	we	began	construction	of	Gigafactory	1	in	Nevada.	In	2016,	we	used	cash	of	$455.3	million	towards	Gigafactory	1	construction	and	expect	to	spend	a	total	of	approximately	$770.0	million	during	2017.
Cash	Flows	from	Financing	Activities
	
During	the	years	ended	December	31,	2016,	2015	and	2014,	net	cash	provided	by	financing	activities	was	$3.74	billion,	$1.52	billion	and	$2.14	billion.	Cash	flows	from	financing	activities	during	the	year	ended	December	31,	2016
consisted	primarily	of	$1.70	billion	net	proceeds	from	our	May	2016	public	offering	of	7,915,004	shares	of	common	stock,	$995.4	million	of	proceeds	from	issuance	of	debt,	net	of	repayments,	and	proceeds	from	collateralized	borrowing	of	$769.7
million.		The	net	proceeds	from	issuance	of	debt	during	2016	primarily	consisted	of	the	following:	$834.0	million	of	net	borrowing	under	the	Asset-Based	Credit	Facility,	$390.0	million	borrowing	under	the	Warehouse	Agreement	Facility,	partially
offset	by	settlement	of	$454.7	million	for	certain	conversion	of	our	2018	Notes.		Further,	we	also	received	$201.5	million	of	proceeds	from	investment	by	fund	investors	and	paid	distributions	to	fund	investors	of	$21.3	million.				
	
Cash	flows	from	financing	activities	during	the	year	ended	December	31,	2015	consisted	primarily	of	$738.3	million	net	proceeds	from	August	2015	public	offering	of	3,099,173	shares	of	common	stock	and	$568.7	million	received
from	vehicle	sales	to	our	bank	leasing	partners.	The	decrease	in	cash	provided	from	financing	in	2015	as	compared	to	2014	was	primarily	due	to	$2.1	billion	in	net	proceeds	received	in	2014	from	the	issuance	of	our	2019	and	2021	Notes.
Common	Stock	Offering
In	May	2016,	we	completed	a	public	offering	of	common	stock	and	sold	a	total	of	7,915,004	shares	of	our	common	stock	for	total	cash	proceeds	of	approximately	$1.7	billion,	net	of	underwriting	discounts	and	offering	costs.
In	August	2015,	we	completed	a	public	offering	of	common	stock	and	sold	a	total	of	3,099,173	shares	of	our	common	stock	for	total	cash	proceeds	of	approximately	$738.3	million	(which	includes	82,645	shares	or	$20.0	million	sold	to
Elon	Musk,	our	Chief	Executive	Officer	(CEO)),	net	of	underwriting	discounts	and	offering	costs.
Contractual	Obligations
We	are	party	to	contractual	obligations	involving	commitments	to	make	payments	to	third	parties,	including	certain	debt	financing	arrangements	and	leases,	primarily	for	stores,	service	centers,	certain	manufacturing	and	corporate
offices.	These	also	include,	as	part	of	our	normal	business	practices,	contracts	with	suppliers	for	purchases	of	certain	raw	materials,	components,	and	services	to	facilitate	adequate	supply	of	these	materials	and	services	and	capacity	reservation
contracts.
	
50	
The	following	table	sets	forth,	as	of	December	31,	2016	certain	significant	obligations	that	will	affect	our	future	liquidity	(in	thousands):
	
	
	
	
Year	Ended	December	31,
	
	
	
Total
	
	
2017
	
	
2018
	
	
2019
	
	
2020
	
	
2021
	
	
Thereafter
	
Operating	lease	obligations	(1)
	
$
925,977
	
	
$
165,457
	
	
$
150,925
	
	
$
125,148
	
	
$
102,804
	
	
$
88,950
	
	
$
292,693
	
Capital	lease	obligations,	including	interest
	
	
122,573
	
	
	
38,712
	
	
	
33,730
	
	
	
23,793
	
	
	
7,333
	
	
	
2,746
	
	
	
16,259
	
Purchase	obligations	(2)(3)
	
	
7,293,507
	
	
	
2,755,762
	
	
	
92,625
	
	
	
79,239
	
	
	
3,871
	
	
	
3,831
	
	
	
15,471
	
Long-term	debt	(4)(5)
	
	
8,198,241
	
	
	
1,074,553
	
	
	
1,333,675
	
	
	
1,817,434
	
	
	
1,229,656
	
	
	
1,634,897
	
	
	
1,108,026
	
Total
	
$
16,540,298
	
	
$
4,034,484
	
	
$
1,610,955
	
	
$
2,045,614
	
	
$
1,343,664
	
	
$
1,730,424
	
	
$
1,432,449
	
(1)
The	operating	lease	obligations	amount	includes	$257.5	million	recorded	as	other	long-term	liabilities	in	our	Consolidated	Balance	Sheets	in	accordance	with	built-to-suit	accounting.
(2)
Amounts	do	not	include	future	cash	payments	for	purchase	obligations	which	were	recorded	in	Accounts	payable	or	Accrued	liabilities	as	of	December	31,	2016.
(3)
These	totals	represent	a	quantification	of	aggregate	amounts	pursuant	to	purchase	orders	issued	under	binding	and	enforceable	agreements	with	all	vendors	as	of	December	31,	2016,	as	well	as	any	other	estimable	and	calculable
purchase	obligations	pursuant	to	such	agreements,	including	any	additional	amounts	we	may	have	to	pay	vendors	if	we	do	not	meet	certain	minimum	purchase	obligations.	In	cases	where	no	purchase	orders	were	outstanding	under
binding	and	enforceable	agreements	as	of	December	31,	2016,	we	have	included	estimated	amounts	based	on	our	best	estimates	and	assumptions	or	discussions	with	the	relevant	vendors	as	of	such	date,	and/or	amounts	or
assumptions	included	in	such	agreements	for	purposes	of	discussion	or	reference.	In	certain	cases,	such	estimated	amounts	were	subject	to	unsatisfied	market	conditions	and	contingent	events.	Where	the	timing	of	payments	are	not
known	or	estimable,	we	have	included	the	amount	only	in	the	total	column.	If	contracts	where	no	purchase	orders	were	outstanding	under	binding	and	enforceable	agreements	were	terminated	on	or	prior	to	December	31,	2016,	our
obligations	under	such	contracts	would	have	been	substantially	lower.	
(4)
During	the	fourth	quarter	of	2016,	the	closing	price	of	our	common	stock	exceeded	130%	of	the	applicable	conversion	price	of	our	2018	Notes	on	at	least	20	of	the	last	30	consecutive	trading	days	of	the	quarter;	therefore,	holders	of
2018	Notes	may	convert	their	notes	during	the	first	quarter	of	2017.	As	such,	we	classified	the	$205.0	million	principal	balance	of	our	2018	Notes	as	current	liabilities	on	our	Consolidated	Balance	Sheet	as	of	December	31,	2016	and
have	included	related	contractual	payments	in	the	year	ended	December	31,	2017	category	in	the	table	above.
	
(5)
Long-term	debt	reported	above	includes	SolarCity’s	total	consolidated	indebtedness	of	$3.58	billion	as	of	December	31,	2016,	representing	outstanding	recourse	indebtedness	of	$1.62	billion	and	non-recourse	indebtedness	of	$1.95
billion.	Long-term	debt	reported	above	also	includes	our	remaining	non-recourse	indebtedness	of	$457.3	million.	Recourse	debt	refers	to	debt	that	is	recourse	to	the	general	assets	of	the	debt	issuer.	Non-recourse	debt	refers	to	debt
that	is	recourse	only	to	specified	assets	of	the	debt	issuer	and/or	its	subsidiaries.	SolarCity’s	non-recourse	credit	facilities	have	been	structured	to	be	supported	solely	by	the	solar	assets	that	are	pledged	as	collateral,	and,	to	date,	have
not	experienced	any	failure	to	pay	such	non-recourse	indebtedness.
	
	
The	contractual	obligations	table	above	excludes	uncertain	tax	benefits	of	approximately	$198.3	million	that	are	disclosed	in	Note	16	in	the	notes	to	our	Consolidated	Financial	Statements	because	these	uncertain	tax	positions,	if
recognized,	would	be	an	adjustment	to	the	deferred	tax	assets.
Off-Balance	Sheet	Arrangements
During	the	periods	presented,	we	did	not	have	relationships	with	unconsolidated	entities	or	financial	partnerships,	such	as	entities	often	referred	to	as	structured	finance	or	special	purpose	entities,	which	would	have	been	established
for	the	purpose	of	facilitating	off-balance	sheet	arrangements	or	other	contractually	narrow	or	limited	purposes.
	
	
ITEM	7A.
QUANTITATIVE	AND	QUALITATIVE	DISCLOSURES	ABOUT	MARKET	RISK
Foreign	Currency	Risk
We	transact	business	globally	in	multiple	currencies.	Our	international	revenues,	as	well	as	costs	and	expenses	denominated	in	foreign	currencies,	expose	us	to	the	risk	of	fluctuations	in	foreign	currency	exchange	rates	against	the
functional	currencies	of	our	foreign	subsidiaries	and	against	the	U.S.	dollar.
	
Upon	consolidation,	as	foreign	exchange	rates	vary,	revenues	and	expenses	may	be	significantly	impacted	and	we	may	record	significant	gains	or	losses	on	the
remeasurement	of	monetary	assets	and	liabilities,	including	intercompany	balances.	As	of	December	31,	2016,	our	largest	currency	exposures	are	from	the	Euro,	Japanese	yen,	and	British	Pounds.	We	recorded	foreign	exchange	gain	of	$26.1
million	in	other	income	(expense),	net,	for	the	year	ended	December	31,	2016	related	to	the	impact	of	changes	in	exchange	rates	on	foreign	currency	denominated	monetary	assets	and	liabilities.
	
51	
We	considered	the	historical	trends	in	currency	exchange	rates	and	determined	that	it	was	reasonably	possible	that	adverse	changes	in	exchange	rates	of	10%	for	all	currencies	could	be	experienced	in	the	near	term.	These	reasonably
possible	adverse	changes	in	exchange	rates	of	10%	were	applied	to	total	monetary	assets	and	liabilities	denominated	in	currencies	other	than	the	functional	currencies	as	of	December	31,	2016	to	compute	the	adverse	impact	these	changes
would	have	had	on	our	income	before	income	taxes	in	the	near	term.	These	changes	would	have	resulted	in	an	adverse	impact	on	income	before	income	taxes	of	approximately	$41.6	million,	recorded	to	other	income	(expense),	net,	principally
from	intercompany	and	cash	balances.
	
In	November	2015,	we	implemented	a	program	to	hedge	the	foreign	currency	exposure	risk	related	to	certain	forecasted	inventory	purchases	denominated	in	Japanese	yen.	The	derivative	instruments	we	use	are	foreign	currency
forward	contracts	and	are	designated	as	cash	flow	hedges	with	maturity	dates	of	12	months	or	less.	We	do	not	enter	into	derivative	contracts	for	trading	or	speculative	purposes.	We	document	each	hedge	relationship	and	assess	its	initial
effectiveness	at	the	inception	of	the	hedge	contract	and	we	measure	its	ongoing	effectiveness	on	a	quarterly	basis	using	regression	analysis.	During	the	term	of	an	effective	hedge	contract,	we	record	gains	and	losses	within	accumulated	other
comprehensive	loss.	We	reclassify	these	gains	or	losses	to	costs	of	automotive	sales	in	the	period	the	related	finished	goods	inventory	is	sold	or	over	the	depreciation	period	for	those	sales	accounted	for	as	leases.	Although	our	contracts	are
considered	effective	hedges,	we	may	experience	small	amounts	of	ineffectiveness	due	to	timing	differences	between	our	actual	inventory	purchases	and	the	settlement	date	of	the	related	foreign	currency	forward	contracts.	Ineffectiveness
related	to	the	hedges	is	immaterial	as	of	December	31,	2016.	As	of	December	31,	2016,	we	have	no	outstanding	foreign	currency	forward	contracts,	and	had	recorded	a	cumulative	gain	of	$5.6	million	to	AOCI	related	to	our	outstanding	foreign
currency	cash	flow	hedges.
Interest	Rate	Risk
We	had	cash	and	cash	equivalents	totaling	$3.4	billion	as	of	December	31,	2016.	A	significant	portion	of	our	cash	equivalents	were	invested	in	money	market	funds.	Cash	and	cash	equivalents	are	held	for	working	capital	purposes.	We
do	not	enter	into	investments	for	trading	or	speculative	purposes.	We	do	not	have	any	material	exposure	to	changes	in	the	fair	value	of	our	cash	equivalents	as	a	result	of	changes	in	interest	rates	due	to	the	short-term	nature	of	our	cash
equivalents.
We	are	exposed	to	interest	rate	risk	for	our	borrowings	that	bear	interest	at	floating	rates	plus	a	specified	margin.	Pursuant	to	our	risk	management	policies,	in	certain	cases,	we	utilize	derivative	instruments	to	manage	some	of	our
exposures	to	fluctuations	in	interest	rates	on	certain	floating-rate	debt.	We	do	not	enter	into	any	derivative	instruments	for	trading	or	speculative	purposes.	In	particular,	a	hypothetical	10%	change	in	our	interest	rates	would	have	immaterial
impact	on	interest	expense	for	the	year	ended	December	31,	2016.
	
	
	
	
52	
I
TEM	8.
FINANCIAL	STATEMENTS	AND	SUPPLEMENTARY	DATA
	
The	sections	entitled	“Report	of	Independent	Registered	Public	Accounting	Firm,”	“Consolidated	Balance	Sheets,”	“Consolidated	Statements	of	Operations,”	“Consolidated	Statements	of	Equity,”	“Consolidated	Statements	of	Cash
Flows”	and	“Notes	to	Consolidated	Financial	Statements”	in	Part	II,	Item	8	of	the	Annual	Report	on	Form	10-K	of	SolarCity	Corporation	(File	No.	001-35758)	for	the	fiscal	year	ended	December	31,	2016,	filed	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange
Commission	on	March	1,	2017,	are	hereby	incorporated	by	reference	into	this	Annual	Report	on	Form	10-K	and	are	filed	as	Exhibit	99.1	hereto.
Index	to	Consolidated	Financial	Statements
	
	
		
Page
Report	of	Independent	Registered	Public	Accounting	Firm
		
54
Consolidated	Balance	Sheets
		
55
Consolidated	Statements	of	Operations
		
56
Consolidated	Statements	of	Comprehensive	Loss
		
57
Consolidated	Statements	of	Redeemable	Noncontrolling	Interests	and	Equity
		
58
Consolidated	Statements	of	Cash	Flows
		
59
Notes	to	Consolidated	Financial	Statements
		
60
	
	
	
	
53	
R
eport	of	Independent	Registered	Public	Accounting	Firm
To	the	Board	of	Directors	and	Stockholders	of	Tesla,	Inc.
In	our	opinion,	based	on	our	audits	and,	with	respect	to	the	December	31,	2016	balance	sheet,	the	report	of	other	auditors,	the	accompanying	consolidated	balance	sheets	and	the	related	consolidated	statements	of	operations,	of	comprehensive	loss,
of	redeemable	noncontrolling	interests	and	equity	and	of	cash	flows	present	fairly,	in	all	material	respects,	the	financial	position	of	Tesla,	Inc.	and	its	subsidiaries	at	December	31,	2016	and	December	31,	2015,	and	the	results	of	their	operations	and
their	cash	flows	for	each	of	the	three	years	in	the	period	ended	December	31,	2016	in	conformity	with	accounting	principles	generally	accepted	in	the	United	States	of	America.		Also	in	our	opinion,	the	Company	maintained,	in	all	material	respects,
effective	internal	control	over	financial	reporting	as	of	December	31,	2016,	based	on	criteria	established	in	Internal	Control	-	Integrated	Framework	(2013)	issued	by	the	Committee	of	Sponsoring	Organizations	of	the	Treadway	Commission
(COSO).		The	Company's	management	is	responsible	for	these	financial	statements,	for	maintaining	effective	internal	control	over	financial	reporting	and	for	its	assessment	of	the	effectiveness	of	internal	control	over	financial	reporting,	included	in
Management's	Report	on	Internal	Control	over	Financial	Reporting	appearing	under	Item	9A.		Our	responsibility	is	to	express	opinions	on	these	financial	statements	and	on	the	Company's	internal	control	over	financial	reporting	based	on	our
integrated	audits.		We	did	not	audit	the	pre-acquisition	historical	basis	balance	sheet	of	SolarCity	Corporation,	a	wholly	owned	subsidiary,	as	of	December	31,	2016,	which	reflects	total	assets	and	total	liabilities	of	$9.1	billion	and	$6.9	billion,
respectively,	as	of	December	31,	2016.		The	pre-acquisition	historical	basis	balance	sheet	of	SolarCity	Corporation	was	audited	by	other	auditors	whose	report	thereon	has	been	furnished	to	us,	and	our	opinion	on	the	financial	statements	expressed
herein,	insofar	as	it	relates	to	the	pre-acquisition	historical	basis	amounts	included	for	SolarCity	Corporation	as	of	December	31,	2016,	is	based	solely	on	the	report	of	the	other	auditors.		We	audited	the	adjustments	necessary	to	convert	the	December
31,	2016	pre-acquisition	historical	basis	balance	sheet	of	SolarCity	Corporation	to	the	basis	reflected	in	the	Company’s	consolidated	financial	statements.		We	conducted	our	audits	in	accordance	with	the	standards	of	the	Public	Company	Accounting
Oversight	Board	(United	States).		Those	standards	require	that	we	plan	and	perform	the	audits	to	obtain	reasonable	assurance	about	whether	the	financial	statements	are	free	of	material	misstatement	and	whether	effective	internal	control	over
financial	reporting	was	maintained	in	all	material	respects.		Our	audits	of	the	financial	statements	included	examining,	on	a	test	basis,	evidence	supporting	the	amounts	and	disclosures	in	the	financial	statements,	assessing	the	accounting	principles
used	and	significant	estimates	made	by	management,	and	evaluating	the	overall	financial	statement	presentation.		Our	audit	of	internal	control	over	financial	reporting	included	obtaining	an	understanding	of	internal	control	over	financial	reporting,
assessing	the	risk	that	a	material	weakness	exists,	and	testing	and	evaluating	the	design	and	operating	effectiveness	of	internal	control	based	on	the	assessed	risk.		Our	audits	also	included	performing	such	other	procedures	as	we	considered
necessary	in	the	circumstances.	We	believe	that	our	audits	and	the	report	of	other	auditors	provide	a	reasonable	basis	for	our	opinions.
A	company’s	internal	control	over	financial	reporting	is	a	process	designed	to	provide	reasonable	assurance	regarding	the	reliability	of	financial	reporting	and	the	preparation	of	financial	statements	for	external	purposes	in	accordance	with	generally
accepted	accounting	principles.		A	company’s	internal	control	over	financial	reporting	includes	those	policies	and	procedures	that	(i)	pertain	to	the	maintenance	of	records	that,	in	reasonable	detail,	accurately	and	fairly	reflect	the	transactions	and
dispositions	of	the	assets	of	the	company;	(ii)	provide	reasonable	assurance	that	transactions	are	recorded	as	necessary	to	permit	preparation	of	financial	statements	in	accordance	with	generally	accepted	accounting	principles,	and	that	receipts	and
expenditures	of	the	company	are	being	made	only	in	accordance	with	authorizations	of	management	and	directors	of	the	company;	and	(iii)	provide	reasonable	assurance	regarding	prevention	or	timely	detection	of	unauthorized	acquisition,	use,	or
disposition	of	the	company’s	assets	that	could	have	a	material	effect	on	the	financial	statements.
Because	of	its	inherent	limitations,	internal	control	over	financial	reporting	may	not	prevent	or	detect	misstatements.		Also,	projections	of	any	evaluation	of	effectiveness	to	future	periods	are	subject	to	the	risk	that	controls	may	become	inadequate
because	of	changes	in	conditions,	or	that	the	degree	of	compliance	with	the	policies	or	procedures	may	deteriorate.
As	described	in	Management’s	Report	on	Internal	Control	over	Financial	Reporting,	management	has	excluded	SolarCity	Corporation	from	its	assessment	of	internal	control	over	financial	reporting	as	of	December	31,	2016	because	it	was
acquired	by	the	Company	in	a	purchase	business	combination	during	2016.		We	have	also	excluded	SolarCity	Corporation	from	our	audit	of	internal	control	over	financial	reporting.		SolarCity	Corporation	is	a	wholly-owned	subsidiary	whose	total
assets	and	total	revenues	represent	$8.78	billion	(of	which	$352.9	million	represents	intangible	assets	subject	to	management’s	assessment	and	our	audit	of	internal	control	over	financial	reporting)	and	$84.1	million,	respectively,	of	the	related
consolidated	financial	statement	amounts	as	of	and	for	the	year	ended	December	31,	2016.
	
	
/s/	PricewaterhouseCoopers	LLP
	
San	Jose,	California
March	1,	2017
	
	
	
54	
Tesla,	Inc.
Consolidated	Balance	Sheets
(in	thousands,	except	per	share	data)
	
	
	
December	31,
	
	
December	31,
	
	
	
2016
	
	
2015
	
Assets
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Current	assets
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Cash	and	cash	equivalents
	
$
3,393,216
	
	
$
1,196,908
	
Restricted	cash
	
	
105,519
	
	
	
22,628
	
Accounts	receivable,	net
	
	
499,142
	
	
	
168,965
	
Inventory
	
	
2,067,454
	
	
	
1,277,838
	
Prepaid	expenses	and	other	current	assets
	
	
194,465
	
	
	
115,667
	
Total	current	assets
	
	
6,259,796
	
	
	
2,782,006
	
Operating	lease	vehicles,	net
	
	
3,134,080
	
	
	
1,791,403
	
Solar	energy	systems,	leased	and	to	be	leased,	net
	
	
5,919,880
	
	
	
—
	
Property,	plant	and	equipment,	net
	
	
5,982,957
	
	
	
3,403,334
	
Intangible	assets,	net
	
	
376,145
	
	
	
12,816
	
MyPower	customer	notes	receivable,	net	of	current	portion
	
	
506,302
	
	
	
—
	
Restricted	cash,	net	of	current	portion
	
	
268,165
	
	
	
31,522
	
Other	assets
	
	
216,751
	
	
	
46,858
	
Total	assets
	
$
22,664,076
	
	
$
8,067,939
	
Liabilities	and	Equity
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Current	liabilities
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Accounts	payable
	
$
1,860,341
	
	
$
916,148
	
Accrued	liabilities	and	other
	
	
1,210,028
	
	
	
422,798
	
Deferred	revenue
	
	
763,126
	
	
	
423,961
	
Resale	value	guarantees
	
	
179,504
	
	
	
136,831
	
Customer	deposits
	
	
663,859
	
	
	
283,370
	
Current	portion	of	long-term	debt	and	capital	leases
	
	
984,211
	
	
	
627,927
	
Current	portion	of	solar	bonds	issued	to	related	parties
	
	
165,936
	
	
	
—
	
Total	current	liabilities
	
	
5,827,005
	
	
	
2,811,035
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Long-term	debt	and	capital	leases,	net	of	current	portion
	
	
5,860,049
	
	
	
2,021,093
	
Solar	bonds	issued	to	related	parties,	net	of	current	portion
	
	
99,164
	
	
	
—
	
Convertible	senior	notes	issued	to	related	parties
	
	
10,287
	
	
	
—
	
Deferred	revenue,	net	of	current	portion
	
	
851,790
	
	
	
446,105
	
Resale	value	guarantees,	net	of	current	portion
	
	
2,210,423
	
	
	
1,293,741
	
Other	long-term	liabilities
	
	
1,891,449
	
	
	
364,976
	
Total	liabilities
	
	
16,750,167
	
	
	
6,936,950
	
Commitments	and	contingencies	(Note	17)
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Redeemable	noncontrolling	interests	in	subsidiaries
	
	
367,039
	
	
	
—
	
Convertible	senior	notes	(Notes	13)
	
	
8,784
	
	
	
47,285
	
Stockholders'	equity:
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Preferred	stock;	$0.001	par	value;	100,000	shares	authorized;	no	shares
			issued	and	outstanding
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
Common	stock;	$0.001	par	value;	2,000,000	shares	authorized	as	of
			December	31,	2016	and	2015;		161,561	and	131,425
			shares	issued	and	outstanding	as	of	December	31,	2016	and	2015,	respectively
	
	
161
	
	
	
131
	
Additional	paid-in	capital
	
	
7,773,727
	
	
	
3,409,452
	
Accumulated	other	comprehensive	loss
	
	
(23,740
)
	
	
(3,556
)
Accumulated	deficit
	
	
(2,997,237
)
	
	
(2,322,323
)
Total	stockholders'	equity
	
	
4,752,911
	
	
	
1,083,704
	
Noncontrolling	interests	in	subsidiaries
	
	
785,175
	
	
	
—
	
Total	liabilities	and	equity
	
$
22,664,076
	
	
$
8,067,939
	
The	accompanying	notes	are	an	integral	part	of	these	consolidated	financial	statements.
	
	
	
55	
Tesla,	Inc.
	
Consolidated	Statements	of	Operations
(in	thousands,	except	per	share	data)
	
	
	
Year	Ended	December	31,
	
	
	
2016
	
	
2015
	
	
2014
	
Revenues
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Automotive
	
$
5,589,007
	
	
$
3,431,587
	
	
$
2,874,448
	
Automotive	leasing
	
	
761,759
	
	
	
309,386
	
	
	
132,564
	
Total	automotive	revenue
	
	
6,350,766
	
	
	
3,740,973
	
	
	
3,007,012
	
Energy	generation	and	storage
	
	
181,394
	
	
	
14,477
	
	
	
4,208
	
Services	and	other
	
	
467,972
	
	
	
290,575
	
	
	
187,136
	
Total	revenues
	
	
7,000,132
	
	
	
4,046,025
	
	
	
3,198,356
	
Cost	of	revenues
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Automotive
	
	
4,268,087
	
	
	
2,639,926
	
	
	
2,058,344
	
Automotive	leasing
	
	
481,994
	
	
	
183,376
	
	
	
87,405
	
Total	automotive	cost	of	revenues
	
	
4,750,081
	
	
	
2,823,302
	
	
	
2,145,749
	
Energy	generation	and	storage
	
	
178,332
	
	
	
12,287
	
	
	
4,005
	
Services	and	other
	
	
472,462
	
	
	
286,933
	
	
	
166,931
	
Total	cost	of	revenues
	
	
5,400,875
	
	
	
3,122,522
	
	
	
2,316,685
	
Gross	profit
	
	
1,599,257
	
	
	
923,503
	
	
	
881,671
	
Operating	expenses
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Research	and	development
	
	
834,408
	
	
	
717,900
	
	
	
464,700
	
Selling,	general	and	administrative
	
	
1,432,189
	
	
	
922,232
	
	
	
603,660
	
Total	operating	expenses
	
	
2,266,597
	
	
	
1,640,132
	
	
	
1,068,360
	
Loss	from	operations
	
	
(667,340
)
	
	
(716,629
)
	
	
(186,689
)
Interest	income
	
	
8,530
	
	
	
1,508
	
	
	
1,126
	
Interest	expense
	
	
(198,810
)
	
	
(118,851
)
	
	
(100,886
)
Other	income	(expense),	net
	
	
111,272
	
	
	
(41,652
)
	
	
1,813
	
Loss	before	income	taxes
	
	
(746,348
)
	
	
(875,624
)
	
	
(284,636
)
Provision	for	income	taxes
	
	
26,698
	
	
	
13,039
	
	
	
9,404
	
Net	loss
	
	
(773,046
)
	
	
(888,663
)
	
	
(294,040
)
Net	loss	attributable	to	noncontrolling	interests	and	redeemable
			noncontrolling	interests
	
	
(98,132
)
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
Net	loss	attributable	to	common	stockholders
	
$
(674,914
)
	
$
(888,663
)
	
$
(294,040
)
Net	loss	per	share	of	common	stock	attributable	to	common	stockholders,
			basic	and	diluted
	
$
(4.68
)
	
$
(6.93
)
	
$
(2.36
)
Weighted	average	shares	used	in	computing	net	loss	per	share	of
			common	stock,	basic	and	diluted
	
	
144,212
	
	
	
128,202
	
	
	
124,539
	
The	accompanying	notes	are	an	integral	part	of	these	consolidated	financial	statements.
	
	
	
	
56	
Tesla,	Inc.
Consolidated	Statements	of	Comprehensive	Loss
(in	thousands)
	
	
	
Year	Ended	December	31,
	
	
	
2016
	
	
2015
	
	
2014
	
Net	loss	attributable	to	common	stockholders
	
$
(674,914
)
	
$
(888,663
)
	
$
(294,040
)
Other	comprehensive	gain	(loss),	net	of	tax:
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Unrealized	gains	(losses)	on	derivatives	and	short-term
			marketable	securities:
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Change	in	net	unrealized	gain	(loss)
	
	
43,220
	
	
	
7,443
	
	
	
—
	
Less:	Reclassification	adjustment	for	net	(gains)	losses	into	net	loss
	
	
(44,904
)
	
	
22
	
	
	
(22
)
Net	unrealized	gain	(loss)	on	derivatives	and	short-term	marketable
			securities
	
	
(1,684
)
	
	
7,465
	
	
	
(22
)
Foreign	currency	translation	adjustment
	
	
(18,500
)
	
	
(10,999
)
	
	
—
	
Other	comprehensive	loss
	
	
(20,184
)
	
	
(3,534
)
	
	
(22
)
Comprehensive	loss
	
$
(695,098
)
	
$
(892,197
)
	
$
(294,062
)
	
The	accompanying	notes	are	an	integral	part	of	these	consolidated	financial	statements.
	
	
	
	
57	
Tesla,	Inc.
Consolidated	Statements	of	Redeemable	Noncontrolling	Interests	and	Equity
(in	thousands,	except	per	share	data)
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Accumulated
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Redeemable
	
	
Common	Stock
	
	
Additional
	
	
	
	
	
	
Other
	
	
Total
	
	
Noncontrolling
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Noncontrolling
	
	
	
	
	
Paid-In
	
	
Accumulated
	
	
Comprehensive
	
	
Stockholders'
	
	
Interests	in
	
	
Total
	
	
	
Interests
	
	
Shares
	
	
Amount
	
	
Capital
	
	
Deficit
	
	
Loss
	
	
Equity
	
	
Subsidiaries
	
	
Equity
	
Balance	as	of	December	31,	2013
	
$
-
	
	
	
123,091
	
	
$
123
	
	
$
1,806,617
	
	
$
(1,139,620
)
	
$
-
	
	
$
667,120
	
	
	
—
	
	
$
667,120
	
Conversion	feature	of	convertible	senior	notes
			due	2019	and	2021
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
548,603
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
548,603
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
548,603
	
Purchase	of	bond	hedges
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
(603,428
)
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
(603,428
)
	
	
—
	
	
	
(603,428
)
Sales	of	warrant
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
389,160
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
389,160
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
389,160
	
Reclass	from	equity	to	mezzanine	equity
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
(58,199
)
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
(58,199
)
	
	
—
	
	
	
(58,199
)
Common	stock	issued,	net	of	shares	withheld	for
			employee	taxes
	
	
—
	
	
	
2,597
	
	
	
3
	
	
	
100,434
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
100,437
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
100,437
	
Stock-based	compensation
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
162,079
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
162,079
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
162,079
	
Net	loss
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
(294,040
)
	
	
—
	
	
	
(294,040
)
	
	
—
	
	
	
(294,040
)
Other	comprehensive	loss
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
(22
)
	
	
(22
)
	
	
—
	
	
	
(22
)
Balance	as	of	December	31,	2014
	
	
—
	
	
	
125,688
	
	
	
126
	
	
	
2,345,266
	
	
	
(1,433,660
)
	
	
(22
)
	
	
911,710
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
911,710
	
Reclass	from	mezzanine	equity	to	equity	for	2018	Notes
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
10,910
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
10,910
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
10,910
	
Issuance	of	common	stock	in	August	2015
			secondary	public	offering	at	$242	per	share,
			net	of	issuance	costs	of	$11,122
	
	
—
	
	
	
3,099
	
	
	
3
	
	
	
738,405
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
738,408
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
738,408
	
Common	stock	issued,	net	of	shares	withheld	for	employee	taxes
	
	
—
	
	
	
2,638
	
	
	
2
	
	
	
106,533
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
106,535
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
106,535
	
Stock-based	compensation
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
208,338
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
208,338
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
208,338
	
Net	loss
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
(888,663
)
	
	
—
	
	
	
(888,663
)
	
	
—
	
	
	
(888,663
)
Other	comprehensive	loss
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
(3,534
)
	
	
(3,534
)
	
	
—
	
	
	
(3,534
)
Balance	as	of	December	31,	2015
	
	
—
	
	
	
131,425
	
	
	
131
	
	
	
3,409,452
	
	
	
(2,322,323
)
	
	
(3,556
)
	
	
1,083,704
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
1,083,704
	
Reclass	from	mezzanine	equity	to	equity	for	2018	Notes
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
38,501
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
38,501
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
38,501
	
Exercise	of	conversion	feature	of	convertible	senior
			notes	due	2018
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
(15,056
)
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
(15,056
)
	
	
—
	
	
	
(15,056
)
Common	stock	issued,	net	of	shares	withheld	for	employee	taxes
	
	
—
	
	
	
11,096
	
	
	
11
	
	
	
163,817
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
163,828
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
163,828
	
Issuance	of	common	stock	in	May	2016
			public	offering	at	$215.00	per	share,	net	of
			issuance	costs	of	$14,595
	
	
—
	
	
	
7,915
	
	
	
8
	
	
	
1,687,139
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
1,687,147
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
1,687,147
	
Issuance	of	common	stock	upon	acquisition	of
			SolarCity	and	assumed	awards
	
	
—
	
	
	
11,125
	
	
	
11
	
	
	
2,145,977
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
2,145,988
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
2,145,988
	
Stock-based	compensation
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
347,357
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
347,357
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
347,357
	
Assumption	of	capped	call
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
(3,460
)
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
(3,460
)
	
	
—
	
	
	
(3,460
)
Assumption	of	noncontrolling	interests	through
			acquisition
	
	
315,943
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
750,574
	
	
	
1,066,517
	
Contributions	from	noncontrolling	interests	through
			acquisition
	
	
100,996
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
100,531
	
	
	
201,527
	
Distributions	to	noncontrolling	interests	through
			acquisition
	
	
(7,137
)
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
(10,561
)
	
	
(17,698
)
Net	loss
	
	
(42,763
)
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
(674,914
)
	
	
—
	
	
	
(674,914
)
	
	
(55,369
)
	
	
(773,046
)
Other	comprehensive	loss
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
(20,184
)
	
	
(20,184
)
	
	
—
	
	
	
(20,184
)
Balance	as	of	December	31,	2016
	
$
367,039
	
	
	
161,561
	
	
$
161
	
	
$
7,773,727
	
	
$
(2,997,237
)
	
$
(23,740
)
	
$
4,752,911
	
	
$
785,175
	
	
$
5,905,125
	
	
The	accompanying	notes	are	an	integral	part	of	these	consolidated	financial	statements.
	
	
	
	
58	
Tesla,	Inc.
Consolidated	Statements	of	Cash	Flows
(in	thousands)
	
	
	
Year	Ended	December	31,
	
	
	
2016
	
	
2015
	
	
2014
	
Cash	Flows	From	Operating	Activities
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Net	loss
	
$
(773,046
)
	
$
(888,663
)
	
$
(294,040
)
Adjustments	to	reconcile	net	loss	to	net	cash	used	in	operating	activities:
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Depreciation	and	amortization
	
	
947,099
	
	
	
422,590
	
	
	
231,931
	
Stock-based	compensation
	
	
334,225
	
	
	
197,999
	
	
	
156,496
	
Amortization	of	discount	on	convertible	debt
	
	
87,286
	
	
	
72,063
	
	
	
69,734
	
Inventory	write-downs
	
	
65,520
	
	
	
44,940
	
	
	
15,609
	
Loss	on	disposal	of	property	and	equipment
	
	
34,633
	
	
	
37,723
	
	
	
14,178
	
Foreign	currency	transaction	(gain)	loss
	
	
(29,183
)
	
	
55,765
	
	
	
(1,891
)
Gain	on	the	acquisition	of	SolarCity
	
	
(88,727
)
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
Non-cash	interest	and	other	operating	activities
	
	
(7,775
)
	
	
26,373
	
	
	
7,471
	
Changes	in	operating	assets	and	liabilities,	net	of	effect	of	business	combinations
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Accounts	receivable
	
	
(216,565
)
	
	
46,267
	
	
	
(183,658
)
Inventories	and	operating	lease	vehicles
	
	
(2,465,703
)
	
	
(1,573,860
)
	
	
(1,050,264
)
Prepaid	expenses	and	other	current	assets
	
	
56,806
	
	
	
(29,595
)
	
	
(60,637
)
MyPower	notes	receivable
	
	
3,468
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
Other	assets
	
	
(52,821
)
	
	
(24,362
)
	
	
(4,493
)
Accounts	payable	and	accrued	liabilities
	
	
750,640
	
	
	
263,345
	
	
	
414,856
	
Deferred	revenue
	
	
382,962
	
	
	
322,203
	
	
	
209,681
	
Customer	deposits
	
	
388,361
	
	
	
36,721
	
	
	
106,230
	
Resale	value	guarantee
	
	
326,934
	
	
	
442,295
	
	
	
249,492
	
Other	long-term	liabilities
	
	
132,057
	
	
	
23,697
	
	
	
61,968
	
Net	cash	used	in	operating	activities
	
	
(123,829
)
	
	
(524,499
)
	
	
(57,337
)
Cash	Flows	From	Investing	Activities
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Purchases	of	property	and	equipment	excluding	capital	leases,	net	of	sales
	
	
(1,280,802
)
	
	
(1,634,850
)
	
	
(969,885
)
Purchase	of	solar	energy	system,	leased	to	be	leased
	
	
(159,669
)
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
Purchases	of	short-term	investments	and	marketable	securities
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
(205,841
)
Maturities	of	short-term	marketable	securities
	
	
16,667
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
Maturities	of	short-term	marketable	securities
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
189,131
	
Increase	in	other	restricted	cash
	
	
(206,149
)
	
	
(26,441
)
	
	
(3,849
)
Cash	acquired	through	(used	in)	business	combinations
	
	
213,523
	
	
	
(12,260
)
	
	
—
	
Net	cash	used	in	investing	activities
	
	
(1,416,430
)
	
	
(1,673,551
)
	
	
(990,444
)
Cash	Flows	From	Financing	Activities
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Proceeds	from	issuance	of	common	stock	in	public	offering
	
	
1,701,734
	
	
	
730,000
	
	
	
—
	
Proceeds	from	issuance	of	convertible	and	other	debt
	
	
2,852,964
	
	
	
318,972
	
	
	
2,300,000
	
Repayments	of	convertible	and	other	debt
	
	
(1,857,594
)
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
Collateralized	lease	borrowing
	
	
769,709
	
	
	
568,745
	
	
	
3,271
	
Proceeds	from	exercise	of	stock	options	and	other	stock	issuances
	
	
163,817
	
	
	
106,611
	
	
	
100,455
	
Principal	payments	on	capital	leases
	
	
(46,889
)
	
	
(203,780
)
	
	
(11,179
)
Common	stock	and	debt	issuance	costs
	
	
(20,042
)
	
	
(17,025
)
	
	
(35,149
)
Proceeds	from	issuance	of	warrants
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
389,160
	
Proceeds	from	issuance	of	common	stock	in	private	placement
	
	
—
	
	
	
20,000
	
	
	
—
	
Purchase	of	convertible	note	hedges
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
(603,428
)
Proceeds	from	investment	by	noncontrolling	interests	in	subsidiaries
	
	
201,527
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
Distributions	paid	to	noncontrolling	interests	in	subsidiaries
	
	
(21,250
)
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
Net	cash	provided	by	financing	activities
	
	
3,743,976
	
	
	
1,523,523
	
	
	
2,143,130
	
Effect	of	exchange	rate	changes	on	cash	and	cash	equivalents
	
	
(7,409
)
	
	
(34,278
)
	
	
(35,525
)
Net	increase	(decrease)	in	cash	and	cash	equivalents
	
	
2,196,308
	
	
	
(708,805
)
	
	
1,059,824
	
Cash	and	cash	equivalents	at	beginning	of	year
	
	
1,196,908
	
	
	
1,905,713
	
	
	
845,889
	
Cash	and	cash	equivalents	at	end	of	year
	
$
3,393,216
	
	
$
1,196,908
	
	
$
1,905,713
	
Supplemental	noncash	investing	activities
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Shares	issued	in	connection	of	business	combination	and	assumed	vested	awards
	
$
2,145,977
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
Acquisition	of	property	and	equipment	included	in	accounts	payable	and	accrued	liabilities
	
	
663,771
	
	
	
267,334
	
	
	
254,393
	
Estimated	fair	value	of	facilities	under	build-to-suit	lease
	
	
307,879
	
	
	
174,749
	
	
	
50,076
	
Supplemental	Disclosures
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Cash	paid	during	the	period	for	interest
	
$
38,693
	
	
$
32,060
	
	
$
20,539
	
Cash	paid	during	the	period	for	taxes,	net	of	refunds
	
	
16,385
	
	
	
9,461
	
	
	
3,120
	
The	accompanying	notes	are	an	integral	part	of	these	consolidated	financial	statements.
	
	
59	
Tesla,	Inc.
Notes	to	Consolidated	Financial	Statements
	
	
Note	1	-	Overview	of	the	Company
Tesla,	Inc.	(“Tesla”,	the	“Company”,	“we”,	“us”	or	“our”)	was	incorporated	in	the	state	of	Delaware	on	July	1,	2003.	We	design,	develop,	manufacture	and	sell	high-performance	fully	electric	vehicles	and	energy	products.	In	addition,	as
a	result	of	our	acquisition	of	SolarCity	Corporation	(“SolarCity”)	on	November	21,	2016,	
we	also	are	engaged	in	the	design,	manufacture,	installation	and	sale	or	lease	of	solar	energy	systems	to	residential	and	commercial	customers,	or	sale	of
electricity	generated	by	our	solar	energy	systems	to	customers.		As	a	result	of	the	acquisition,	the	Company’s	Chief	Executive	Officer,	as	the	chief	operating	decision	maker	(“CODM”),	has	organized	the	company,	manages	resource	allocations,
and	measures	performance	of	the	Company’s	activities	among	two	segments:	(i)	automotive	and	(ii)	energy	generation	and	storage.		
We	have	wholly-owned	subsidiaries	in	North	America,	Europe	and	Asia.
	
	
Note	2	-	Summary	of	Significant	Accounting	Policies
	
Basis	of	Presentation	and	Preparation
Principles	of	Consolidation
The	accompanying	consolidated	financial	statements	have	been	prepared	in	conformity	with	U.S.	generally	accepted	accounting	principles,	or	GAAP,	and	reflect	the	accounts	and	operations	of	Company	and	those	of	our	subsidiaries	in
which	we	have	a	controlling	financial	interest.	In	accordance	with	the	provisions	of	Financial	Accounting	Standards	Board,	or	FASB,	Accounting	Standards	Codification,	or	ASC,	810,	
Consolidation
,	we	consolidate	any	variable	interest	entity,	or
VIE,	of	which	we	are	the	primary	beneficiary.	SolarCity	forms	VIEs	with	financing	fund	investors	in	the	ordinary	course	of	business	in	order	to	facilitate	the	funding	and	monetization	of	certain	attributes	associated	with	solar	energy	systems.	The
typical	condition	for	a	controlling	financial	interest	ownership	is	holding	a	majority	of	the	voting	interests	of	an	entity;	however,	a	controlling	financial	interest	may	also	exist	in	entities,	such	as	VIEs,	through	arrangements	that	do	not	involve
controlling	voting	interests.	ASC	810	requires	a	variable	interest	holder	to	consolidate	a	VIE	if	that	party	has	the	power	to	direct	the	activities	of	the	VIE	that	most	significantly	impact	the	VIE’s	economic	performance	and	the	obligation	to	absorb
losses	of	the	VIE	that	could	potentially	be	significant	to	the	VIE	or	the	right	to	receive	benefits	from	the	VIE	that	could	potentially	be	significant	to	the	VIE.	We	do	not	consolidate	a	VIE	in	which	we	have	a	majority	ownership	interest	when	we	are
not	considered	the	primary	beneficiary.	We	have	determined	that	we	are	the	primary	beneficiary	of	a	number	of	VIEs	(see	Note	
3
,	
Acquisitions
,	and	Note	
18
,	
VIE	Arrangements
).	We	evaluate	our	relationships	with	all	the	VIEs	on	an	ongoing	basis
to	reassess	if	we	continue	to	be	the	primary	beneficiary.	All	intercompany	transactions	and	balances	have	been	eliminated	in	consolidation.
Reclassifications
Certain	prior	period	balances	have	been	reclassified	to	conform	to	the	current	period	presentation	in	our	consolidated	financial	statements	and	the	accompanying	notes.	Such	reclassifications	had	no	effect	on	previously	reported
results	of	operations	or	accumulated	deficit.		Starting	in	Q4,	
we	have	reclassified	the	revenue	and	cost	of	revenue	of	our	energy	storage	products	from	‘services	and	other’	into	‘energy	generation	and	storage’	for	all	periods	presented.
Use	of	Estimates
The	preparation	of	financial	statements	in	conformity	with	GAAP	requires	management	to	make	estimates	and	assumptions	that	affect	the	reported	amounts	of	assets	and	liabilities	and	disclosure	of	contingent	liabilities	and
accompanying	notes.	Estimates	are	used	for,	but	not	limited	to,	determining	the	selling	price	of	products	and	services	in	multiple	element	revenue	arrangements	and	determining	the	amortization	period	of	these	elements,	the	collectability	of
accounts	receivable,	inventory	valuation,	fair	value	of	long-lived	assets,	fair	value	of	financial	instruments,	residual	value	of	operating	lease	vehicles,	depreciable	lives	of	property	and	equipment	and	solar	energy	systems,	the	fair	value	and
residual	value	of	solar	energy	systems	subject	to	leases,	warranty	liabilities,	income	taxes,	contingencies,	the	accrued	liability	for	solar	energy	system	performance	guarantees,	the	determination	of	lease	pass-through	financing	obligations,	the
discount	rates	used	to	determine	the	fair	value	of	investment	tax	credits,	income	taxes,	the	valuation	of	build-to-suit	lease	assets	and	the	fair	value	of	interest	rate	swaps,	and	inputs	used	to	value	stock-based	compensation.	In	addition,	estimates
and	assumptions	are	used	for	the	accounting	for	business	combinations,	including	the	fair	value	and	useful	lives	of	acquired	tangible	and	intangible	assets,	including	solar	energy	systems,	leased	and	to	be	leased,	the	fair	value	of	assumed	debt,
and	the	fair	value	of	noncontrolling	interests.		Management	bases	its	estimates	on	historical	experience	and	on	various	other	assumptions	believed	to	be	reasonable,	the	results	of	which	form	the	basis	for	making	judgments	about	the	carrying
values	of	assets	and	liabilities.	Actual	results	could	differ	from	those	estimates.
	
	
60	
Summary	of	Significant	Accounting	Policies
	
Revenue	Recognition
We	recognize	revenue	for	products	and	services	when:	(i)	a	persuasive	evidence	of	an	arrangement	exists;	(ii)	delivery	has	occurred	and	there	are	no	uncertainties	regarding	customer	acceptance;	(iii)	pricing	or	fees	are	fixed	or
determinable;	and	(iv)	collection	is	reasonably	assured.
Automotive	Revenue
Automotive	revenue	includes	revenues	related	to	deliveries	of	new	vehicles,	sales	of	regulatory	credits	to	other	automotive	manufacturers,	and	specific	other	elements	that	meet	the	definition	of	a	deliverable	under	multiple-element
accounting	guidance	including	free	access	to	our	Supercharger	network,	free	internet	connectivity,	and	future	free	over-the-air	software	updates.	These	deliverables	are	valued	on	a	stand-alone	basis	and	we	recognize	their	revenue	over	our
performance	period,	which	is	generally	the	eight-year	life	of	the	vehicle,	except	for	internet	connectivity	which	is	over	the	free	four	year	period.	If	we	sell	a	deliverable	separately,	we	use	that	pricing	to	determine	its	fair	value;	otherwise,	we	use
third	party	pricing	of	similar	options,	our	best	estimated	selling	price	by	considering	costs	used	to	develop	and	deliver	the	service,	and	other	information	which	may	be	available.
As	of	December	31,	2016,	and	2015	we	had	deferred	$291.2	million	and	$138.2	million	related	to	the	purchase	of	vehicle	maintenance	and	service	plans,	access	to	our	Supercharger	network,	internet	connectivity,	autopilot	and	over-
the-air	software	updates.		
At	the	time	of	revenue	recognition,	we	record	a	reserve	against	revenue	for	estimated	future	product	returns.	Such	estimates	are	based	on	historical	experience	and	are	immaterial	in	all	periods	presented.
Automotive	Leasing	Revenue
Automotive	leasing	revenue	includes	revenue	recognized	under	lease	accounting	guidance	for	our	direct	leasing	programs	as	well	as	programs	with	resale	value	guarantees.	See	“Resale	Value	Guarantees	and	Other	Financing
Programs”	and	“Direct	Vehicle	Leasing	Program”	for	further	details.
Resale	Value	Guarantees	and	Other	Financing	Programs
Vehicle	sales	to	customers	with	a	resale	value	guarantee
We	offered	resale	value	guarantees	or	similar	buy-back	terms	to	all	customers	who	purchase	vehicles	and	who	financed	their	vehicle	through	one	of	our	specified	commercial	banking	partners.	Subsequent	to	June	30,	2016,	this
program	is	available	only	in	certain	international	markets.	Under	this	program,	customers	have	the	option	of	selling	their	vehicle	back	to	us	during	the	guarantee	period	for	a	determined	resale	value.	Guarantee	periods	generally	range	from	36
to	39	months.	Although	we	receive	full	payment	for	the	vehicle	sales	price	at	the	time	of	delivery,	we	are	required	to	account	for	these	transactions	as	operating	leases.	The	amount	of	sale	proceeds	equal	to	the	resale	value	guarantee	is	deferred
until	the	guarantee	expires	or	is	exercised.	The	remaining	sale	proceeds	are	deferred	and	recognized	on	a	straight-line	basis	over	the	stated	guarantee	period	to	automotive	leasing	revenue.	The	guarantee	period	expires	at	the	earlier	of	the	end
of	the	guarantee	period	or	the	pay-off	of	the	initial	loan.	We	capitalize	the	cost	of	these	vehicles	on	our	Consolidated	Balance	Sheets	as	operating	lease	vehicles,	net,	and	depreciate	their	value,	less	salvage	value,	to	cost	of	automotive	leasing
revenue	over	the	same	period.
In	cases	when	a	customer	retains	ownership	of	a	vehicle	at	the	end	of	the	guarantee	period,	the	resale	value	guarantee	liability	and	any	remaining	deferred	revenue	balances	related	to	the	vehicle	are	settled	to	automotive	leasing
revenue	and	the	net	book	value	of	the	leased	vehicle	is	expensed	to	costs	of	automotive	leasing	revenue.	In	cases	when	customers	return	the	vehicle	back	to	us	during	the	guarantee	period,	we	purchase	the	vehicle	from	the	customer	in	an
amount	equal	to	the	resale	value	guarantee	and	settle	any	remaining	deferred	balances	to	automotive	leasing	revenue	and	we	reclassify	the	net	book	value	of	the	vehicle	on	our	balance	sheet	to	pre-owned	vehicle	inventory.	As	of	December	31,
2016	and	December	31,	2015,
	
$179.5	million	and	$136.8	million	of	the	guarantees	were	exercisable	by	customers	within	the	next	twelve	months.
	
61	
Vehicle	sales	to	leasing	partners	with	a	resale	value	guarantee
We	also	offer	resale	value	guarantees	in	connection	with	automobile	sales	to	certain	leasing	partners.	As	we	have	guaranteed	the	value	of	these	vehicles	and	as	the	vehicles	are	leased	to	end-customers,	we	account	for	these
transactions	as	interest	bearing	collateralized	borrowings	as	required	under	
ASC	840	-	Leases
.	Under	this	program,	cash	is	received	for	the	full	price	of	the	vehicle	and	is	recorded	within	resale	value	guarantees	for	the	long-term	portion	and
deferred	revenue	for	the	current	portion.	We	accrete	the	deferred	revenue	amount	to	automotive	leasing	revenue	on	a	straight-line	basis	over	the	guarantee	period	and	accrue	interest	expense	based	on	our	borrowing	rate.	We	capitalize	vehicles
under	this	program	to	operating	lease	vehicles,	net,	on	our	Consolidated	Balance	Sheets	and	we	record	depreciation	from	these	vehicles	to	cost	of	automotive	leasing	revenues	during	the	period	the	vehicle	is	under	a	lease	arrangement.	Cash
received	for	these	vehicles,	net	of	revenue	recognized	during	the	period,	is	classified	as	collateralized	lease	borrowings	within	cash	flows	from	financing	activities	in	our	Consolidated	Statements	of	Cash	Flows.
At	the	end	of	the	lease	term,	we	settle	our	liability	in	cash	by	either	purchasing	the	vehicle	from	the	leasing	partner	for	the	resale	value	guarantee	amount,	or	paying	a	shortfall	to	the	guarantee	amount	the	leasing	partner	may	realize
on	the	sale	of	the	vehicle.	Any	remaining	balances	within	deferred	revenue	and	resale	value	guarantee	will	be	settled	to	automotive	leasing	revenue.	In	cases	where	the	leasing	partner	retains	ownership	of	the	vehicle	after	the	end	of	our
guarantee	period,	we	expense	the	net	value	of	the	leased	vehicle	to	costs	of	automotive	leasing	revenue
.	The	maximum	cash	we	could	be	required	to	pay	under	this	program,	should	we	decide	to	repurchase	all	vehicles	is	$
855.9	
million
at	December	31,	2016.
As	of	December	31,	2016	and	December	31,	2015,	we	had	$
1.18	billion
	and	$
527.5
	million	of	such	borrowings	recorded	in		resale	value	guarantees	and	$
289.1	
million	and	$
120.5
	million	recorded	in	deferred	revenue	liability,
respectively.	As	of	
December	31
,	2016	and	December	31,	2015,	we	had	a	total	of	$57.0	million	and	$33.6	million	in	account	receivables	from	our	leasing	partners
.
On	a	quarterly	basis,	we	assess	the	estimated	market	values	of	vehicles	under	our	resale	value	guarantee	program	to	determine	if	we	have	sustained	a	loss	on	any	of	these	contracts.	As	we	accumulate	more	data	related	to	the	resale
values	of	our	vehicles	or	as	market	conditions	change,	there	may	be	material	changes	to	their	estimated	values.
	
	
62	
Account	activity	related	to	our	resale	value	guarantee	and	similar	programs	consisted	of	the	following	for	the	periods	presented	(in	thousands):
	
	
	
Year	ended	December	31,
	
	
	
2016
	
	
2015
	
Operating	Lease	Vehicles
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Operating	lease	vehicles—beginning	of	period
	
$
1,556,529
	
	
$
684,590
	
Net	increase	in	operating	lease	vehicles
	
	
1,355,128
	
	
	
1,047,220
	
Depreciation	expense	recorded	in	cost	of	automotive
			leasing	revenues
	
	
(255,167
)
	
	
(130,355
)
Additional	depreciation	expense	recorded	in	cost	of
			automotive	leasing	revenues	as	a	result	of	early
			cancellation	of	resale	value	guarantee
	
	
(13,495
)
	
	
(21,487
)
Additional	depreciation	expense	recorded	in	cost	of
			automotive	leasing	revenues	result	of	expiration
	
	
(114,264
)
	
	
—
	
Increases	to	inventory	from	vehicles	returned	under	our
			trade-	in	program	and	exercises	of	resale	value
			guarantee
	
	
(66,670
)
	
	
(23,439
)
Operating	lease	vehicles—end	of	period
	
$
2,462,061
	
	
$
1,556,529
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Deferred	Revenue
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Deferred	revenue—beginning	of	period
	
$
679,132
	
	
$
381,096
	
Net	increase	in	deferred	revenue	from	new	vehicle
			deliveries	and	reclassification	of	collateralized
			borrowing	from	long-term	to	short-term
	
	
715,011
	
	
	
553,765
	
Amortization	of	deferred	revenue	and	short-term
			collateralized	borrowing	recorded	in	automotive
			leasing	revenue
	
	
(457,113
)
	
	
(229,624
)
Additional	revenue	recorded	in	automotive	leasing
			revenue	as	a	result	of	early	cancellation	of	resale
			value	guarantee
	
	
(5,192
)
	
	
(12,352
)
Recognition	of	deferred	revenue	resulting	from	return	of
			vehicle	under	trade-in	program,	expiration,	and
			exercises	of	resale	value	guarantee
	
	
(15,186
)
	
	
(13,753
)
Deferred	revenue—end	of	period
	
$
916,652
	
	
$
679,132
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Resale	Value	Guarantee
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Resale	value	guarantee	liability—beginning	of	period
	
$
1,430,573
	
	
$
487,880
	
Increase	in	resale	value	guarantee
	
	
1,267,445
	
	
	
1,013,733
	
Reclassification	from	long-term	to	short-term
			collateralized	borrowing
	
	
(116,078
)
	
	
(29,612
)
Additional	revenue	recorded	in	automotive	leasing
			revenue	as	a	result	of	early	cancellation	of
			resale	value	guarantee
	
	
(16,543
)
	
	
(11,042
)
Release	of	resale	value	guarantee	resulting	from	return
			of	vehicle	under	trade-in	program	and	exercises
	
	
(62,919
)
	
	
(30,386
)
Release	of	resale	value	guarantee	resulting	from
			expiration	of	resale	value	guarantee
	
	
(112,551
)
	
	
—
	
Resale	value	guarantee	liability—end	of	period
	
$
2,389,927
	
	
$
1,430,573
	
	
63	
Direct	Vehicle	Leasing	Program
We	offer	a	leasing	program	in	the	United	States,	Canada,	the	UK	and	Germany.	Qualifying	customers	are	permitted	to	lease	a	vehicle	directly	from	Tesla	generally	for	36	or	48	months.	At	the	end	of	the	lease	term,	customers	have	the
option	of	either	returning	the	vehicle	to	us	or	purchasing	it	for	a	determined	residual	value.	We	account	for	these	leasing	transactions	as	operating	leases	and	recognize	leasing	revenues	over	the	contractual	term	and	record	the	depreciation	of
these	vehicles	to	cost	of	automotive	leasing	revenues.	As	of	December	31,	2016	and	December	31,	2015,	we	had	deferred	$67.2	million	and	$25.8	million	of	lease-related	upfront	payments	which	will	be	recognized	on	a	straight-line	basis	over	the
contractual	term	of	the	individual	leases.	Lease	revenues	are	recorded	in	automotive	leasing	revenue	and	for	the	years	ended	December	31,	2016,	2015	and	2014,	we	recognized	$112.7	million	and	$41.2	million	and	$4.4	million.
Regulatory	Credits
California	and	certain	other	states	have	laws	in	place	requiring	vehicle	manufacturers	to	ensure	that	a	portion	of	the	vehicles	delivered	for	sale	in	that	state	during	each	model	year	are	zero	emission	vehicles.	These	laws	and	regulations
provide	that	a	manufacturer	of	zero	emission	vehicles	may	earn	regulatory	credits	(ZEV	credits)	and	may	sell	excess	credits	to	other	manufacturers	who	apply	such	credits	to	comply	with	these	regulatory	requirements.	Similar	regulations	exist	at	the
federal	level	that	require	compliance	related	to	greenhouse	gas	emissions	and	also	allow	for	the	sale	of	excess	credits	by	one	manufacturer	to	other	manufacturers.	As	a	manufacturer	solely	of	zero	emission	vehicles,	we	have	earned	emission	credits,
such	as	ZEV	and	GHG	credits	on	vehicles,	and	we	expect	to	continue	to	earn	these	credits	in	the	future.	We	enter	into	contractual	agreements	with	third	parties	to	purchase	our	regulatory	credits.
We	recognize	revenue	on	the	sale	of	these	credits	at	the	time	legal	title	to	the	credits	is	transferred	to	the	purchasing	party	as	automotive	revenue	in	our	Consolidated	Statements	of	Operations.	Revenue	from	the	sale	of	regulatory
credits	totaled	$302.3	million,	$168.7	million,	and	$216.3	million	for	the	years	ended	December	31,	2016,	2015	and	2014.
Additionally,	we	have	entered	into	agreements	with	the	State	of	Nevada	and	Storey	County	in	Nevada	that	will	provide	abatements	for	sales	and	use	taxes,	real	and	personal	property	taxes,	and	employer	excise	taxes,	discounts	to	the
base	tariff	energy	rates,	and	transferable	tax	credits.	These	incentives	are	available	for	the	applicable	periods	beginning	on	October	17,	2014	and	ending	on	June	30,	2034,	subject	to	capital	investments	by	Tesla	and	its	partners	for		Gigafactory	1
of	at	least	$3.5	billion	in	the	aggregate	on	or	before	June	30,	2024,	and	certain	other	conditions	specified	in	the	agreements.	If	we	do	not	satisfy	one	or	more	conditions	under	the	agreement,	Tesla	will	be	required	to	repay	to	the	respective	taxing
authorities	the	amounts	of	the	tax	incentives	incurred,	plus	interest.	As	of	December	31,	2016,	we	have	earned	$45	million	of	transferable	tax	credits	under	these	agreements.	We	record	these	credits	as	earned	when	we	have	evidence	there	is	a
market	for	their	sale.	Credits	are	applied	as	a	cost	offset	to	either	employee	expense	or	to	capital	assets,	depending	on	the	source	of	the	credits.	Credits	earned	from	employee	hires	or	capital	spending	by	our	partners	at		Gigafactory	1	are
recorded	as	a	reduction	to	operating	expenses.
Energy	Generation	and	Storage	Revenue
For	solar	energy	systems	and	components	sales	wherein	customers	pay	the	full	purchase	price,	either	directly	or	through	the	Solar	Loan	program,	revenue	is	recognized	when	we	install	a	solar	energy	system	and	the	solar	energy
system	passes	inspection	by	the	utility	or	the	authority	having	jurisdiction,	provided	all	other	revenue	recognition	criteria	have	been	met.		In	instances	where	there	are	multiple	deliverables	in	a	single	arrangement,	we	allocate	the	arrangement
consideration	to	the	various	elements	in	the	arrangement	based	on	the	relative	selling	price	method.	Costs	incurred	on	residential	installations	before	the	solar	energy	systems	are	completed	are	included	in	inventories	as	work	in	progress	in	our
consolidated	balance	sheets.	However,	any	fees	that	are	paid	or	payable	by	us	to	a	Solar	Loan	lender	would	be	recognized	as	an	offset	against	solar	energy	systems	and	components	sales	revenue,	in	accordance	with	ASC	605-50,	
Customer
Payments	and	Incentives
.
For	revenue	arrangements	where	we	are	the	lessor	under	operating	lease	agreements	for	solar	energy	systems,	we	record	lease	revenue	from	minimum	lease	payments,	including	upfront	rebates	and	incentives	earned	from	such
systems,	on	a	straight-line	basis	over	the	life	of	the	lease	term,	assuming	all	other	revenue	recognition	criteria	are	met.	For	incentives	that	are	earned	based	on	the	amount	of	electricity	generated	by	the	system,	we	record	revenue	as	the
amounts	are	earned.	The	difference	between	the	payments	received	and	the	revenue	recognized	is	recorded	as	deferred	revenue	on	our	Consolidated	Balance	Sheets.
For	solar	energy	systems	where	customers	purchase	electricity	from	us	under	power	purchase	agreements,	we	have	determined	that	these	agreements	should	be	accounted	for,	in	substance,	as	operating	leases	pursuant	to	ASC	840.
Revenue	is	recognized	based	on	the	amount	of	electricity	delivered	at	rates	specified	under	the	contracts,	assuming	all	other	revenue	recognition	criteria	are	met.
	
64	
We	record	as	deferred	revenue	any	amounts	that	are	collected	from	customers,	including	lease	prepayments,	in	excess	of	revenue	recognized.	Deferred	revenue	also	includes	the	portion	of	rebates	and	incentives	received	from	utility
companies	and	various	local	and	state	government	agencies,	which	are	recognized	as	revenue	over	the	lease	term,	as	well	as	the	fees	charged	for	remote	monitoring	service,	which	is	recognized	as	revenue	ratably	over	the	respective	customer
contract	term.	As	of	December	31,	2016,	deferred	revenue	related	to	such	customer	payments	amounted	to	$268.2	million.	As	of	December	31,	2016,	deferred	revenue	from	rebates	and	incentives	was	not	material.
We	capitalize	initial	direct	costs	from	the	origination	of	solar	energy	system	leases	or	power	purchase	agreements	(the	incremental	cost	of	contract	administration,	referral	fees	and	sales	commissions)	as	an	element	of	solar	energy
systems,	leased	and	to	be	leased	–	net,	and	subsequently	amortize	these	costs	over	the	term	of	the	related	lease	or	power	purchase	agreement.
Service	and	Other	Revenue
Services	and	other	revenue	consists	of	vehicle	repair	and	maintenance	services,	vehicle	service	plans	and	merchandise,	sales	of	pre-owned	Tesla	vehicles,	sales	of	electric	vehicle	powertrain	components	and	systems	to	other
manufacturers,	and	sales	of	non-Tesla	vehicle	trade-ins.
	
Cost	of	Revenue
Automotive
Cost	of	automotive	revenues	includes	direct	parts,	material	and	labor	costs,	manufacturing	overhead,	including	amortized	tooling	costs,	shipping	and	logistic	costs,	vehicle	internet	connectivity	costs,	allocations	of	electricity	and
infrastructure	costs	related	to	our	Supercharger	network,	and	reserves	for	estimated	warranty	expenses.	Cost	of	revenues	also	includes	adjustments	to	warranty	expense	and	charges	to	write	down	the	carrying	value	of	our	inventory	when	it
exceeds	its	estimated	net	realizable	value	and	to	provide	for	on-hand	inventory	that	is	either	obsolete	or	is	in	excess	of	forecasted	demand.
Automotive	Leasing
Cost	of	automotive	leasing	revenue	includes	primarily	the	amortization	of	operating	lease	vehicles	over	the	lease	term,	as	well	as	warranty	expenses	recognized	as	incurred.
Energy	Generation	and	Storage
Energy	generation	and	storage	cost	of	revenue	includes	direct	and	direct	material	and	labor	costs,	warehouse	rent,	freight,	warranty	expense,	other	overhead	costs	and	amortization	of	certain	acquired	intangible	assets.		In	addition,
where	the	arrangement	is	accounted	for	as	operating	leases,	the	cost	of	revenue	is	primarily	comprised	of	depreciation	of	the	cost	of	leased	solar	energy	systems,	maintenance	costs	associated	with	those	systems,	and	amortization	of	any	initial
direct	costs.		
Services	and	Other
Cost	of	services	and	other	revenue	includes	direct	parts,	material	and	labor	costs,	manufacturing	overhead	associated	with	the	sales	of	electric	vehicle	powertrain	components	and	systems	to	other	manufacturers,	costs	associated	with
providing	maintenance	and	development
	
services,	and	cost	associated	with	sales	of	pre-owned	vehicles.	
	
Sales	and	other	Use	Taxes
Taxes	assessed	by	various	government	entities,	such	as	sales,	use	and	value-added	taxes,	collected	at	the	time	of	sale	are	excluded	from	Automotive	net	sales	and	revenue.
	
Transportation	Costs
Amounts	billed	to	customers	related	to	shipping	and	handling	are	classified	as	automotive	revenue,	and	related	transportation	costs	are	included	in	total	cost	of	automotive	revenues.
Research	and	Development	Costs
	
Research	and	development	costs	are	expensed	as	incurred.
	
Marketing,	Promotional	and	Advertising	Costs
Marketing,	promotional	and	advertising	costs	are	expensed	as	incurred	and	are	included	as	an	element	of	selling,	general	and	administrative	expense	in	our	Consolidated	Statements	of	Operations.	We	incurred	marketing,	promotional
and	advertising	costs	of	$48.0	million,	$58.3	million	and	$48.9	million	for	the	year	ended	December	31,	2016,	2015	and	2014,	respectively.
	
65	
	
Income	Taxes
Income	taxes	are	computed	using	the	asset	and	liability	method,	under	which	deferred	tax	assets	and	liabilities	are	determined	based	on	the	difference	between	the	financial	statement	and	tax	bases	of	assets	and	liabilities	using
enacted	tax	rates	in	effect	for	the	year	in	which	the	differences	are	expected	to	affect	taxable	income.	Valuation	allowances	are	established	when	necessary	to	reduce	deferred	tax	assets	to	the	amount	expected	to	be	realized.
We	record	liabilities	related	to	uncertain	tax	positions	when,	despite	our	belief	that	our	tax	return	positions	are	supportable,	we	believe	that	it	is	more	likely	than	not	that	those	positions	may	not	be	fully	sustained	upon	review	by	tax
authorities.	Accrued	interest	and	penalties	related	to	unrecognized	tax	benefits	are	classified	as	income	tax	expense.
Comprehensive	Income	(Loss)
Comprehensive	Income	(loss)	is	comprised	of	net	loss	and	other	comprehensive	income	(loss).	Other	comprehensive	income	(loss)	consists	of	unrealized	gains	and	losses	on	derivatives,	our	available-for-sale	marketable	securities,	and
foreign	currency	translation	adjustment	that	have	been	excluded	from	the	determination	of	net	loss.
Stock-based	Compensation
We	recognize	compensation	expense	for	costs	related	to	all	share-based	payments,	including	stock	options,	restricted	stock	units	(RSUs)	and	our	employee	stock	purchase	plan	(the	ESPP).	The	fair	value	of	stock	options	and	the	ESPP
are	estimated	on	the	grant	date	and	offering	date	using	an	option	pricing	model,	respectively.	The	fair	value	of	RSUs	is	measured	on	the	grant	date	based	on	the	closing	fair	market	value	of	our	common	stock.	Stock-based	compensation	expense
is	recognized	on	a	straight-line	basis	over	the	requisite	service	period,	net	of	estimated	forfeitures.	Stock-based	compensation	associated	with	assumed	awards	as	a	result	of	the	SolarCity	acquisition	is	measured	as	of	the	acquisition	date	using
the	relevant	assumptions	and	recognized	on	a	straight-line	basis	over	the	remaining	requisition	service	period,	net	of	estimated	forfeitures.
For	performance-based	awards,	stock-based	compensation	expense	is	recognized	over	the	expected	performance	achievement	period	of	individual	performance	milestones	when	the	achievement	of	each	individual	performance
milestone	becomes	probable.
For	performance-based	awards	with	a	vesting	schedule	based	entirely	on	the	attainment	of	both	performance	and	market	conditions,	the	stock-based	compensation	expense	is	recognized	for	each	pair	of	performance	and	market
conditions	over	the	longer	of	the	expected	achievement	period	of	the	performance	and	market	conditions,	beginning	at	the	point	in	time	that	the	relevant	performance	condition	is	considered	probable	of	being	met	(see	Note	
15
	–	
Equity	Incentive
Plans
).
Noncontrolling	Interests	and	Redeemable	Noncontrolling	Interests
Noncontrolling	interests	and	redeemable	noncontrolling	interests	represent	third-party	interests	in	the	net	assets	under	certain	funding	arrangements,	or	funds,	that	SolarCity	enters	into	to	finance	the	costs	of	solar	energy	systems
under	operating	leases.	We	have	determined	that	the	contractual	provisions	of	the	funds	represent	substantive	profit	sharing	arrangements.	We	have	further	determined	that	the	appropriate	methodology	for	calculating	the	noncontrolling
interest	and	redeemable	noncontrolling	interest	balances	that	reflects	the	substantive	profit	sharing	arrangements	is	a	balance	sheet	approach	using	the	Hypothetical	Liquidation	Book	Value	(HLBV)	method.		Under	the	HLBV	method,	the
amounts	reported	as	noncontrolling	interests	and	redeemable	noncontrolling	interests	in	our	Consolidated	Balance	Sheets	represent	the	amounts	the	third-parties	would	hypothetically	receive	at	each	balance	sheet	date	under	the	liquidation
provisions	of	the	funds,	assuming	the	net	assets	of	the	funds	were	liquidated	at	their	recorded	amounts	determined	in	accordance	with	GAAP	and	distributed	to	the	third-parties.	The	third-parties’	interests	in	the	results	of	operations	of	the	funds
are	determined	as	the	difference	in	the	noncontrolling	interest	and	redeemable	noncontrolling	interest	balances	in	our	Consolidated	Balance	Sheets	between	the	start	and	end	of	each	reporting	period,	after	taking	into	account	any	capital
transactions	between	the	funds	and	the	third-parties.	However,	the	redeemable	noncontrolling	interest	balance	is	at	least	equal	to	the	redemption	amount.	The	redeemable	noncontrolling	interest	balance	is	presented	as	temporary	equity	in	the
mezzanine	section	of	our	Consolidated	Balance	Sheets	since	these	third-parties	have	the	right	to	redeem	their	interests	in	the	funds	for	cash	or	other	assets.
Net	Income	(Loss)	per	Share	of	Common	Stock	Attributable	to	Common	Stockholders
Our	basic	and	diluted	net	income	(loss)	per	share	of	common	stock	attributable	to	common	stockholders	is	calculated	by	dividing	net	income	(loss)	attributable	to	common	stockholders	by	the	weighted-average	shares	of	common	stock
outstanding	for	the	period.	Potentially	dilutive	shares,	which	are	based	on	the	number	of	shares	underlying	outstanding	stock	options	and	warrants	as	well	as	our	Convertible	Senior	Notes,	including	the	assumed	awards	and	convertible	notes
from	the	SolarCity	acquisition,	using	the	treasury	stock	method	or	the	if-converted	method,	as	applicable,	are	not	included	when	their	effect	is	antidilutive.
	
66	
The	following	table	presents	the	potential	weighted	common	shares	outstanding	that	were	excluded	from	the	computation	of	basic	and	diluted	net	loss	per	share	of	common	stock	attributable	to	common	stockholders	for	the	periods,
related	to	the	following	securities:
	
	
	
Year	Ended	December	31,
	
	
	
2016
	
	
2015
	
	
2014
	
Employee	share	based	awards
	
	
12,091,473
	
	
	
15,592,736
	
	
	
14,729,749
	
Convertible	senior	notes
	
	
841,191
	
	
	
2,431,265
	
	
	
2,344,998
	
Warrants	issued	May	2013
	
	
262,702
	
	
	
1,049,791
	
	
	
921,985
	
	
Business	Combinations
We	account	for	business	acquisitions	under	ASC	805,	
Business	Combinations
.	The	cost	of	an	acquisition	is	measured	at	the	fair	value	of	the	assets	given,	equity	instruments	issued	and	liabilities	assumed	at	the	acquisition	date.	Costs
that	are	directly	attributable	to	the	acquisition	are	expensed	as	incurred.	Identifiable	assets,	including	intangible	assets,	liabilities	assumed,	including	contingent	liabilities,	in	an	acquisition	are	measured	initially	at	their	fair	values	at	the
acquisition	date.	Any	noncontrolling	interests	in	the	acquired	business	are	also	initially	measured	at	fair	value.	We	recognize	goodwill	if	the	aggregate	fair	value	of	the	total	purchase	consideration	and	the	noncontrolling	interests	is	in	excess	of
the	aggregate	fair	value	of	the	identifiable	assets	acquired	and	the	liabilities	assumed.	We	recognize	a	bargain	purchase	gain	in	other	income	and	expense,	net,	in	our	Consolidated	Statement	of	Operations,	if	the	aggregate	fair	value	of	the
identifiable	assets	acquired	and	the	liabilities	assumed	is	in	excess	of	the	fair	value	of	the	total	purchase	consideration.	We	include	the	results	of	operations	of	the	business	that	we	acquire	as	of	the	respective	date	of	acquisition.
Cash	and	Cash	Equivalents
All	highly	liquid	investments	with	an	original	maturity	of	three	months	or	less	at	the	date	of	purchase	are	considered	to	be	cash	equivalents.	We	currently	invest	our	cash	equivalents	primarily	in	money	market	funds.
	
Restricted	Cash	and	Deposits
We	maintain	certain	cash	amounts	restricted	as	to	withdrawal	or	use.	Current	and	noncurrent	restricted	cash	as	of	December	31,	2016,	and	2015	was	comprised	primarily	of	cash	as	collateral	related	to	our	sales	to	lease	partners	with
a	resale	value	guarantee	and	for	letters	of	credit	including	for	our	real	estate	leases,	and	insurance	policies.	In	addition,	restricted	cash	as	of	December	31,	2016,	includes	cash	received	from	certain	fund	investors	that	had	not	been	released	for
use	by	us,	cash	held	to	service	certain	payments	under	various	secured	debt	facilities,	including	management	fees,	principal	and	interest	payments,	and	balances	collateralizing	outstanding	letters	of	credit,	outstanding	credit	card	borrowing
facilities	and	obligations	under	certain	operating	leases
.
	
Accounts	Receivable	and	Allowance	for	Doubtful
	
Accounts
Accounts	receivable	primarily	include	amounts	related	to	sales	of	powertrain	systems,	sale	of	energy	generation	and	storage	products,	receivables	from	financial	institutions	and	leasing	companies	offering	various	financing	products	to
our	customers,	regulatory	credits	to	other	automotive	manufacturers,	and	from	maintenance	services	on	vehicles	owned	by	leasing	companies.
	
We	provide	an	allowance	against	amounts	receivable	to	the	amount	we	reasonably	believe	will	be
collected.	We	write	off	accounts	receivable	when	they	are	deemed	uncollectible.
We	typically	do	not	carry	accounts	receivable	related	to	our	vehicle	and	related	sales	as	customer	payments	are	due	prior	to	vehicle	delivery,	except	for	the	amounts	due	from	commercial	financial	institutions	for	approved	financing
arrangements	between	our	customers	and	the	financial	institutions.
Customer	Notes	Receivable
As	part	of	the	SolarCity	acquisition,	we	acquired	certain	customer	notes	receivable	under	the	legacy	MyPower	loan	program.		The	outstanding	balances,	net	of	any	allowance	for	potentially	uncollectible	amounts,	are	presented	on	our
Consolidated	Balance	Sheets	as	a	component	of	prepaid	expenses	and	other	current	assets	for	the	current	portion	and	as	MyPower	customer	notes	receivable,	net	of	current	portion,	for	the	long-term	portion.	In	determining	the	allowance	and
credit	quality	for	customer	notes	receivable,	we	identify	significant	customers	with	known	disputes	or	collection	issues	and	also	consider	our	historical	level	of	credit	losses	and	current	economic	trends	that	might	impact	the	level	of	future	credit
losses.	Customer	notes	receivable	that	are	individually	impaired	are	charged-off	as	a	write-off	of	allowance	for	losses.	As	of	December	31,	2016,	there	were	no	significant	customers	with	known	disputes	or	collection	issues,	and	the	amount	of
potentially	uncollectible	amounts	was	insignificant.	Accordingly,	we	did	not	establish	an	allowance	for	losses	against	customer	notes	receivable.	In	addition,	there	were	no	material	non-accrual	or	past	due	customer	notes	receivable	as	of
December	31,	2016.
	
67	
	
Concentration	of	Risk
Credit	Risk
Financial	instruments	that	potentially	subject	us	to	a	concentration	of	credit	risk	consist	of	cash,	cash	equivalents,	restricted	cash,	accounts	receivable,
	
customer	notes	receivable	and	interest	rate	swaps.	Our	cash	equivalents	are
primarily	invested	in	money	market	funds	with	high	credit	quality	financial	institutions	in	the	United	States.	At	times,	these	deposits	and	securities	may	be	in	excess	of	insured	limits.
As	of	December
	31,	2016,	and	
2015,	our	accounts	receivable	were	derived	primarily	from	amounts	to	be	received	from	financial	institutions	and	leasing	companies	offering	various	financing	products	to	our	customers,	
sales	of
regulatory	credits,	as	well	as
	the	development	and	sales	of	powertrain	components	and	systems	to	
automotive	original	equipment	manufacturers
	(OEMs).	In	addition,	our	accounts	receivable	were	also	derived	from	the	sale	of	our	energy
generation	and	storage	products,	including	any	receivables	from	leasing	solar	energy	systems	as	well	as	power	purchase	agreements.		The	associated	risk	of	concentration	is	mitigated	by	placing	liens	on	the	related	solar	energy	systems.		The
associated	risk	of	concentration	for	interest	rate	swaps	is	mitigated	by	transacting	with	several	highly	rated	multinational	banks.	We	maintain	reserves	for	any	amounts	that	we	consider	to	be	uncollectable.
At	December	31,	2016,	one	customer	represented	approximately	10%	of	our	total	accounts	receivable	balance.	At	December	31,	2015,	the	same	customer	represented	approximately	15%	of	our	total	accounts	receivable	balance.				
Supply	Risk
The	majority	of	our	suppliers	are	currently	single	source	suppliers,	despite	efforts	to	qualify	and	obtain	components	from	multiple	sources	whenever	feasible.	The	loss	of	any	single	or	limited	source	supplier	or	the	disruption	in	the
supply	of	components	from	these	suppliers	could	lead	to	vehicle	design	changes,	increased	costs	and	delays	in	vehicle	deliveries	to	our	customers,	which	could	hurt	our	relationships	with	our	customers	and	result	in	negative	publicity,	damage	to
our	brand	and	a	material	and	adverse	effect	on	our	business,	prospects,	financial	condition	and	operating	results.
Inventory	Valuation
Inventories	are	stated	at	the	lower	of	cost	or	market.	Cost	is	computed	using	standard	cost	for	vehicles	and	energy	storage	products,	which	approximates	actual	cost	on	a	first-in,	first-out	basis.	In	addition,	cost	for	solar	energy
systems	are	recorded	using	actual	cost.		We	record	inventory	write-downs	for	excess	or	obsolete	inventories	based	upon	assumptions	about	on	current	and	future	demand	forecasts.	If	our	inventory	on	hand	is	in	excess	of	our	future	demand
forecast,	the	excess	amounts	are	written	off.
We	also	review	inventory	to	determine	whether	its	carrying	value	exceeds	the	net	amount	realizable	upon	the	ultimate	sale	of	the	inventory.	This	requires	us	to	determine	the	estimated	selling	price	of	our	vehicles	less	the	estimated
cost	to	convert	inventory	on	hand	into	a	finished	product.	Once	inventory	is	written-down,	a	new,	lower-cost	basis	for	that	inventory	is	established	and	subsequent	changes	in	facts	and	circumstances	do	not	result	in	the	restoration	or	increase	in
that	newly	established	cost	basis.
Should	our	estimates	of	future	selling	prices	or	production	costs	change,	additional	and	potentially	material	increases	to	this	reserve	may	be	required.	A	small	change	in	our	estimates	may	result	in	a	material	charge	to	our	reported
financial	results.		
Operating	Lease	Vehicles
Vehicles	delivered	under	our	resale	value	guarantee	program,	vehicles	that	are	leased	as	part	of	our	leasing	programs	as	well	as	any	vehicles	that	are	sold	with	a	significant	buy-back	guarantee	are	classified	as	operating	lease	vehicles
as	the	related	revenue	transactions	are	treated	as	operating	leases.	Operating	lease	vehicles	are	recorded	at	cost	less	accumulated	depreciation.	Depreciation	is	computed	using	the	straight-line	method	over	the	expected	operating	lease	term.
The	total	cost	of	operating	lease	vehicles	recorded	in	the	Consolidated	Balance	Sheets	as	of	December	31,	2016	and	2015	was	$3.53	billion	and	$2.00	billion.	Accumulated	depreciation	related	to	leased	vehicles	as	of	December	31,	2016,	and
2015	was	$399.5	million	and	$216.5	million.
Solar	Energy	Systems,	Leased	and	To	Be	Leased
We,	through	the	acquisition	of	SolarCity,	are	the	operating	lessor	of	the	solar	energy	systems	under	leases	that	qualify	as	operating	leases.	Our	leases	are	accounted	for	in	accordance	with	ASC	840,	
Leases
.	To	determine	lease
classification,	we	evaluate	lease	terms	to	determine	whether	there	is	a	transfer	of	ownership	or	bargain	purchase	option	at	the	end	of	the	lease,	whether	the	lease	term	is	greater	than	75%	of	the	useful	life,	or	whether	the	present	value	of
minimum	lease	payments	exceed	90%	of	the	fair	value	at	lease	inception.	We	utilize	periodic	appraisals	to	estimate	useful	life	and	fair	values	at	lease	inception,	and	residual	values	at	lease	termination.	Solar	energy	systems	are	stated	at	cost,
less	accumulated	depreciation.
	
68	
Depreciation	and	amortization	is	calculated	using	the	straight-line	method	over	the	estimated	useful	lives	of	the	respective	assets	as	follows:
	
Solar	energy	systems	leased	to	customers
	
30	to	35	years
Initial	direct	costs	related	to	customer	solar
			energy	system	lease	acquisition	costs
	
Lease	term	(20	years)
	
Solar	energy	systems	held	for	lease	to	customers	are	installed	systems	pending	interconnection	with	the	respective	utility	companies	and	will	be	depreciated	as	solar	energy	systems	leased	to	customers	when	the	respective	systems
have	been	interconnected	and	placed	in	service.	Solar	energy	systems	under	construction	represents	systems	that	are	under	installation,	which	will	be	depreciated	as	solar	energy	systems	leased	to	customers	when	the	respective	systems	are
completed,	interconnected	and	subsequently	leased	to	customers.	Initial	direct	costs	related	to	customer	solar	energy	system	lease	acquisition	costs	are	capitalized	and	amortized	over	the	term	of	the	related	customer	lease	agreements.
Property,	Plant	and	Equipment
Property,	plant	and	equipment,	including	leasehold	improvements,	are	recognized	at	cost	less	accumulated	depreciation	and	amortization.
	
Depreciation	is	generally	computed	using	the	straight-line	method	over	the	estimated	useful
lives	of	the	related	assets	as	follows:
	
Machinery,	equipment,	vehicles	and	office	furniture
	
2	to	12	years
Building	and	building	improvements
	
20	to	30	years
Computer	equipment	and	software
	
3	to	10	years
	
Depreciation	for	tooling	is	computed	using	the	units-of-production	method	whereby	capitalized	costs	are	amortized	over	the	total	estimated	productive	life	of	the	related	assets.	As	of	December	31,	2016,	the	estimated	productive	life
for	tooling	was	250,000	vehicles	based	on	our	current	estimates	of	production.
Leasehold	improvements	are	amortized	on	a	straight-line	basis	over	the	shorter	of	their	estimated	useful	lives	or	the	term	of	the	related	lease.
Upon	the	retirement	or	sale	of	our	property,	plant	and	equipment,	the	cost	and	related	accumulated	depreciation	are	removed	from	our	Consolidated	Balance	Sheets	and	the	resulting	gain	or	loss	is	reflected	in	our	Consolidated
Statements	of	Operations.	Maintenance	and	repair	expenditures	are	expensed	as	incurred,	while	major	improvements	that	increase	the	functionality,	output	or	expected	life	of	the	asset	are	capitalized	and	depreciated	ratably	to	expense	over	the
identified	useful	life.	Land	is	not	depreciated.
Interest	expense	on	outstanding	debt	is	capitalized	during	the	period	of	significant	capital	asset	construction.	Capitalized	interest	on	construction	in	progress	is	included	in	property,	plant	and	equipment,	net	and	is	amortized	over	the
life	of	the	related	assets.
Furthermore,	we	are	deemed	to	be	the	owner,	for	accounting	purposes,	during	the	construction	phase	of	certain	long-lived	assets	under	build-to-suit	lease	arrangements	because	of	our	involvement	with	the	construction,	our	exposure
to	any	potential	cost	overruns	and	our	other	commitments	under	the	arrangements.	In	these	cases,	we	recognize	a	build-to-suit	lease	asset	under	construction	and	a	corresponding	build-to-suit	lease	liability	on	our	Consolidated	Balance	Sheets.		
	
Long-Lived	Assets	Including	Acquired	Intangible	Assets
We	review	property	and	equipment,	long-term	prepayments	and	intangible	assets,	for	impairment	whenever	events	or	changes	in	circumstances	indicate	the	carrying	amount	of	an	asset	(or	asset	group)	may	not	be	recoverable.	We
measure	recoverability	of	these	assets	by	comparing	the	carrying	amounts	to	the	future	undiscounted	cash	flows	the	assets	are	expected	to	generate.	If	property	and	equipment	and	intangible	assets	are	considered	to	be	impaired,	the	impairment
to	be	recognized	equals	the	amount	by	which	the	carrying	value	of	the	assets	exceeds	their	fair	value.	We	have	made	no	material	adjustments	to	our	long-lived	assets	in	any	of	the	years	presented.	
	
Intangible	assets	with	definite	lives	are	amortized	over	their	estimated	useful	lives.	We	amortize	our	acquired	intangible	assets	on	a	straight-line	basis	with	definite	lives	over	periods	ranging	from	two	to	thirty	years.
	
In-process	research	and	development	(IPR&D)	is	an	intangible	asset	accounted	as	an	indefinite-lived	asset	until	the	completion	or	abandonment	of	the	associated	research	and	development	effort.
		
During	the	development	period,
we	conduct	an	IPR&D	impairment	test	annually	and	whenever	events	or	changes	in	facts	and	circumstances	indicate	that	it	is	more	likely	than	not	that	the	IPR&D	is	impaired.	Events	which	might	indicate	impairment	include,	but	are	not	limited
to,	adverse	cost	factors,	deteriorating
	
69	
financial	performance,	strategic	decisions	made	in	response	to	economic,	market,	and	competitive	conditions,	the	impact	of	the	economic	environment	on	us	and	our	customer	base,	and/or	other	relevant	events	such	as	changes	in	management,
key	personnel,	litigations,	or	customers.
Capitalization	of	Software	Costs
For	costs	incurred	in	development	of	internal	use	software,	we	capitalize	costs	incurred	during	the	application	development	stage.	Costs	related	to	preliminary	project	activities	and	post-implementation	activities	are	expensed	as
incurred.	Internal-use	software	is	amortized	on	a	straight-line	basis	over	its	estimated	useful	life	of	three	to	ten	years.	We	evaluate	the	useful	lives	of	these	assets	on	an	annual	basis	and	tests	for	impairment	whenever	events	or	changes	in
circumstances	occur	that	could	impact	the	recoverability	of	these	assets.
Foreign	Currency
We	determine	the	functional	and	reporting	currency	of	each	of	our	international	subsidiaries	and	their	operating	divisions	based	on	the	primary	currency	in	which	they	operate.	In	cases	where	the	functional	currency	is	not	the	US
dollar,	we	recognize	a	cumulative	translation	adjustment	created	by	the	different	rates	we	apply	to	accumulated	deficits,	including	current	period	income	or	loss,	and	the	balance	sheet.	For	each	subsidiary,	we	apply	daily	functional	currency	rate
to	their	income	or	loss	and	the	month	end	functional	currency	rate	to	translate	the	balance	sheet.		
	
Beginning	January	1,	2015,	the	functional	currency	of	each	of	our	foreign	subsidiaries	changed	to	their	local	country’s	currency.	This	change	was	based	on	the	culmination	of	facts	and	circumstances	that	have	developed	as	we
expanded	our	foreign	operations	over	the	past	year.	The	adjustment	of	$10.0	million	attributable	to	the	current	rate	translation	of	non-monetary	assets	as	of	the	date	of	the	change	is	included	in	accumulated	other	comprehensive	loss	on	our
Consolidated	Balance	Sheet.
Foreign	currency	transaction	gains	and	losses	are	a	result	of	the	effect	of	exchange	rate	changes	on	transactions	denominated	in	currencies	other	than	the	functional	currency.	Transaction	gains	and	losses	are	recognized	in	other
income	(expense),	net,	in	the	Consolidated	Statements	of	Operations.	For	the	years	ended	December	31,	2016,	2015,	and	2014	we	recorded	foreign	currency	transaction	gains	(loss)	of	$26.1	million,	($45.6)	million	and	$2.0	million.
	
Warranties
We	provide	a	manufacturer’s	warranty	on	all	new	and	certified	pre-owned	vehicles,	production	powertrain	components	and	systems,	and	energy	products	we	sell.	In	addition,	we	also	provide	a	warranty	on	the	installation	and
components	of	the	solar	energy	systems	we	sell	for	periods	typically	between	10	to	30	years.		We	accrue	a	warranty	reserve,	which	includes	our	best	estimate	of	the	projected	costs	to	repair	or	to	replace	items	under	warranty.	These	estimates
are	based	on	actual	claims	incurred	to-date	and	an	estimate	of	the	nature,	frequency	and	costs	of	future	claims.	These	estimates	are	inherently	uncertain	and	changes	to	our	historical	or	projected	warranty	experience	may	cause	material
changes	to	our	warranty	reserve	in	the	future.	The	portion	of	the	warranty	provision	expected	to	be	incurred	within	12	months	is	classified	as	current	within	accrued	liabilities	and	other,	while	the	remaining	amount	is	classified	as	long-term
within	other	long-term	liabilities.
Accrued	warranty	activity	consisted	of	the	following	for	the	periods	presented	(in	thousands):
	
	
	
Year	Ended	December	31,
	
	
	
2016
	
	
2015
	
	
2014
	
Accrued	warranty—beginning	of	period
	
$
180,754
	
	
$
129,043
	
	
$
53,182
	
Assumed	warranty	liability	from	acquisition
	
	
31,366
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
Warranty	costs	incurred
	
	
(79,147
)
	
	
(52,760
)
	
	
(39,903
)
Net	changes	in	liability	for	pre-existing
			warranties,	including	expirations	and	foreign	exchange	impact
	
	
(20,084
)
	
	
1,470
	
	
	
18,599
	
Provision	for	warranty
	
	
153,766
	
	
	
103,001
	
	
	
97,165
	
Accrued	warranty—end	of	period
	
$
266,655
	
	
$
180,754
	
	
$
129,043
	
	
Our	warranty	reserves	do	not	include	projected	warranty	costs	associated	with	our	vehicles	subject	to	lease	accounting	and	solar	energy	systems	under	lease	contracts	or	power	purchase	agreements,	as	the	costs	to	repair	these
warranty	claims	are	expensed	as	incurred.	The	warranty	reserve	increased	primarily	due	to	incremental	vehicle	deliveries,	offset	by	actual	claims	and	an	overall	decrease	in	accrual	rates	for	vehicles,	batteries,	and	drive	units	due	to	improved
reliability.		In	addition,	for	the	year	ended	December	31,	2016,	we	also	assumed	warranty	liabilities	of	$31.4	million	as	a	result	of	the	SolarCity	acquisition.		For	the	year	ended	December	31,	2016	and	December	31,	2015	warranty	costs	incurred
for	vehicles	accounted	for	as	operating	leases	or	collateralized	debt	arrangements	were
	
$19.0	million	and
	
$9.5	million.	Warranty	expense	is	recorded	as	a	component	cost	of	revenue.
	
70	
Solar	Energy	Systems	Performance	Guarantees
SolarCity	guarantees	certain	specified	minimum	solar	energy	production	output	for	certain	solar	energy	systems	leased	or	sold	to	customers,	generally	for	a	term	of	up	to	30	years.	We	monitor	the	solar	energy	systems	to	ensure	that
these	outputs	are	being	achieved.	We	evaluate	if	any	amounts	are	due	to	its	customers	and	make	any	payments	periodically	as	specified	in	the	customer	contracts.	As	of	December	31,	2016,	we	had	recorded	liabilities	of	$6.6	million
	
under
accrued	liabilities	and	other	in	our	Consolidated	Balance	Sheet,	relating	to	these	guarantees	based	on	our	assessment	of	the	current	exposure.
Solar	Renewable	Energy	Credits
We	account	for	solar	renewable	energy	credits,	or	SRECs,	when	they	are	purchased	by	us	or	sold	to	third	parties.	For	SRECs	generated	by	solar	energy	systems	owned	by	us	and	minted	by	government	agencies,	we	do	not	recognize
any	specifically	identifiable	costs	for	those	SRECs	as	there	are	no	specific	incremental	costs	incurred	to	generate	the	SRECs.	For	SRECs	purchased	by	us,	we	carry	these	SRECs	at	their	cost,	subject	to	impairment	testing.	We	recognize	revenue
from	the	sale	of	an	SREC	when	the	SREC	is	transferred	to	the	buyer,	and	the	cost	of	the	SREC,	if	any,	is	then	recorded	within	cost	of	revenue.
Deferred	ITCs	Revenue
SolarCity	has	solar	energy	systems	that	are	eligible	for	investment	tax	credits,	or	ITCs,	that	accrue	to	eligible	property	under	the	IRC.	Under	Section	50(d)(5)	of	the	IRC	and	the	related	regulations,	a	lessor	of	qualifying	property	may
elect	to	treat	the	lessee	as	the	owner	of	such	property	for	the	purposes	of	claiming	the	ITCs	associated	with	such	property.	These	regulations	enable	the	ITCs	to	be	separated	from	the	ownership	of	the	property	and	allow	the	transfer	of	the	ITCs.
Under	the	lease	pass-through	fund	arrangements,	SolarCity	can	make	a	tax	election	to	pass-through	the	ITCs	to	the	investor,	who	is	the	legal	lessee	of	the	property.	We	are	therefore	able	to	monetize	these	ITCs	to	investors	who	can	utilize	them
in	return	for	cash	payments.	We	consider	the	monetization	of	ITCs	to	constitute	one	of	the	key	elements	of	realizing	the	value	associated	with	solar	energy	systems.	We	therefore	view	the	proceeds	from	the	monetization	of	ITCs	to	be	a
component	of	revenue	generated	from	solar	energy	systems.
For	lease	pass-through	fund	arrangements,	SolarCity	allocates	a	portion	of	the	aggregate	payments	received	from	the	investors	to	the	estimated	fair	value	of	the	assigned	ITCs	and	the	balance	to	the	future	customer	lease	payments
that	are	also	assigned	to	the	investors.	The	estimated	fair	value	of	the	ITCs	is	determined	by	discounting	the	estimated	cash	flows	impacts	of	the	ITCs	using	an	appropriate	discount	rate	that	reflects	a	market	interest	rate.
We	recognize	the	revenue	associated	with	the	monetization	of	ITCs	in	accordance	with	ASC	605-10-S99.	The	revenue	associated	with	the	monetization	of	the	ITCs	is	recognized	when	(1)	persuasive	evidence	of	an	arrangement	exists,
(2)	delivery	has	occurred	or	services	have	been	rendered,	(3)	the	sales	price	is	fixed	or	determinable	and	(4)	collection	of	the	related	receivable	is	reasonably	assured.	The	ITCs	are	subject	to	recapture	under	the	IRC	if	the	underlying	solar	energy
system	either	ceases	to	be	a	qualifying	property	or	undergoes	a	change	in	ownership	within	five	years	of	its	placed	in	service	date.	The	recapture	amount	decreases	on	the	anniversary	of	the	placed	in	service	date.	As	we	have	an	obligation	to
ensure	the	solar	energy	system	is	in	service	and	operational	for	a	term	of	five	years	to	avoid	any	recapture	of	the	ITCs,	we	recognize	revenue	as	the	recapture	provisions	lapse	assuming	the	other	aforementioned	revenue	recognition	criteria	have
been	met.	The	monetized	ITCs	are	initially	recorded	as	deferred	revenue	on	our	Consolidated	Balance	Sheets,	and	subsequently,	one-fifth	of	the	monetized	ITCs	is	recognized	as	revenue	from	operating	leases	and	solar	energy	systems	incentives
in	our	Consolidated	Statements	of	Operations	on	each	anniversary	of	the	solar	energy	system’s	“placed	in	service	date”	over	the	next	five	years.
SolarCity	guarantees	their	financing	fund	investors	that	in	the	event	of	a	subsequent	recapture	of	ITCs	by	the	taxing	authority	due	to	our	noncompliance	with	the	applicable	ITC	guidelines,	we	would	compensate	them	for	any
recaptured	ITCs.	We	have	concluded	that	the	likelihood	of	a	recapture	event	is	remote	and,	consequently,	have	not	recorded	any	liability	in	our	Consolidated	Balance	Sheet	for	any	potential	recapture	exposure.
	
71	
	
Recent	Accounting	Pronouncements
In	May	2014,	the	Financial	Accounting	Standards	Board	(“FASB”)	issued	Accounting	Standards	Update	(“ASU”)	No.	2014-09,	
Revenue	from	Contracts	with	Customers	(Topic	606)
,	which	amends	the	existing	accounting	standards	for
revenue	recognition.	The	new	guidance	provides	a	new	model	to	determine	when	and	over	what	period	revenue	is	recognized.	Under	this	new	model,	revenue	is	recognized	as	goods	or	services	are	delivered	in	an	amount	that	reflects	the
consideration	we	expect	to	collect.	In	March	2016,	the	FASB	issued	an	ASU,	
Revenue	from	Contracts	with	Customers:	Principal	versus	Agent	Considerations	(Reporting	Revenue	Gross	versus	Net)
,	which	clarifies	the	principal	versus	agent
guidance	in	the	new	revenue	recognition	standard.	In	April	2016,	the	FASB	issued	another	ASU,	
Revenue	from	Contracts	with	Customers:	Identifying	Performance	Obligations	and	Licensing,
	which	clarifies	the	guidance	on	accounting	for	licenses
of	intellectual	property	and	identifying	performance	obligations	in	the	new	revenue	recognition	standard.	In	May	2016,	the	FASB	issued	another	ASU,	
Revenue	from	Contracts	with	Customers:	Narrow-Scope	Improvements	and	Practical
Expedient,
	which	clarifies	the	transition,	collectability,	noncash	consideration	and	the	presentation	of	sales	and	other	similar	taxes	in	the	new	revenue	recognition	standard.	The	guidance	is	effective	for	fiscal	years	beginning	after	December	15,
2017;	early	adoption	is	permitted	for	periods	beginning	after	December	15,	2016.	The	new	standard	is	required	to	be	applied	retrospectively	to	each	prior	reporting	period	presented	or	retrospectively	with	the	cumulative	effect	of	initially
applying	it	recognized	at	the	date	of	initial	application.	We	have	not	yet	selected	a	transition	method	and	are	evaluating	the	impact	of	adopting	this	guidance.
In	August	2014,	the	FASB	issued	ASU	No.	2014-15,	
Presentation	of	Financial	Statements	–	Going	Concern:	Disclosure	of	Uncertainties	about	an	Entity’s	Ability	to	Continue	as	a	Going	Concern
	(“ASU	2014-15”).	ASU	2014-15	requires
management	to	evaluate	whether	there	is	substantial	doubt	about	the	entity’s	ability	to	continue	as	a	going	concern	and,	if	so,	provide	certain	footnote	disclosures.	ASU	2014-15	is	effective	for	annual	periods	ending	after	December	15,	2016,
including	interim	reporting	periods	thereafter.	We	adopted	ASU	2014-15	as	of	December	31,	2016,	but	it	did	not	impact	our	consolidated	financial	statements.
In	April	2015,	the	FASB	issued	an	ASU	on	simplifying	the	presentation	of	debt	issuance	costs,	which	requires	that	debt	issuance	costs	related	to	a	recognized	debt	liability	be	presented	in	the	balance	sheet	as	a	direct	deduction	from
the	carrying	amount	of	that	debt	liability,	consistent	with	debt	discounts.	We	have	retrospectively	adopted	the	ASU	as	of	March	31,	2016,	and	as	a	result,	on	our	December	31,	2015	Consolidated	Balance	Sheet,	we	reclassified	$9.6	million	as	a
reduction	in	prepaid	expenses	and	other	current	assets,	along	with	$15.0	million	reduction	in	other	assets,	with	a	corresponding	reduction	in	the	aggregate	carrying	value	of	our	long-term	debt	liabilities.	Similarly,	as	a	result	of	the	change	in
carrying	value	of	long	term	debt,	$5.2	million	was	reclassified	out	of	additional	paid	in	capital	and	into	mezzanine	equity	on	our	December	31,	2015	Consolidated	Balance	Sheet.
	
In	February	2016,	the	FASB	issued	ASU	No.	2016-02,
	Leases	(Topic	842)
.	The	ASU	is	effective	for	reporting	periods	beginning	after	December	15,	2018	and	early	adoption	is	permitted.	The	ASU	will	require	lessees	to	report	most
leases	as	assets	and	liabilities	on	the	balance	sheet,	while	lessor	accounting	will	remain	substantially	unchanged.	The	ASU	requires	a	modified	retrospective	transition	approach	for	existing	leases,	whereby	the	new	rules	will	be	applied	to	the
earliest	year	presented.	We	are	currently	evaluating	the	potential	impact	of	adopting	the	ASU	on	our	consolidated	financial	statements.
In	March	2016,	the	FASB	issued	ASU	No.	2016-09,	
Compensation	—	Stock	Compensation	(Topic	718):	Improvements	to	Employee	Share-Based	Payment	Accounting	
(“ASU	2016-09”).	ASU	2016-09	simplifies	several	aspects	of	the
accounting	for	share-based	payment	transactions,	including	the	income	tax	consequences,	classification	of	awards	as	either	equity	or	liabilities,	and	classification	on	the	statement	of	cash	flows.	ASU	2016-09	will	become	effective	for	us	beginning
with	the	first	quarter	of	2017.	Upon	adoption	of	the	ASU,	we	plan	to	account	for	forfeitures	as	incurred.	The	adoption	of	this	guidance	is	not	expected	to	have	a	material	impact	on	our	consolidated	financial	statements.	See	Note	16,	
Income	taxes,
for	additional	information	regarding	the	impact	of	the	adoption	of	this	guidance.
In	August	2016,	the	FASB	issued	ASU	No.	2016-15,	
Statement	of	Cash	Flows:	Classification	of	Certain	Cash	Receipts	and	Cash	Payments	(Topic	230).
		The	ASU	addresses	the	following	eight	specific	cash	flow	issues:	debt	prepayment
or	debt	extinguishment	costs;	settlement	of	zero-coupon	debt	instruments	or	other	debt	instruments	with	coupon	interest	rates	that	are	insignificant	in	relation	to	the	effective	interest	rate	of	the	borrowing;	contingent	consideration	payments
made	after	a	business	combination;	proceeds	from	the	settlement	of	insurance	claims;	proceeds	from	the	settlement	of	corporate-owned	life	insurance	policies	(including	bank-owned	life	insurance	policies);	distributions	received	from	equity
method	investees;	beneficial	interests	in	securitization	transactions;	and	separately	identifiable	cash	flows	and	application	of	the	predominance	principle.	The	ASU	is	effective	for	fiscal	years,	and	interim	periods	within	those	fiscal	years,
beginning	after	December	15,	2017,	with	early	adoption	permitted.	We	are	currently	evaluating	the	potential	impact	of	adopting	the	ASU	on	our	consolidated	financial	statements.
	
72	
In	November	2016,	the	FASB	issued	ASU	No.	2016-18,	
Statement	of	Cash	Flows:	Restricted	Cash	(Topic	230)
.	The	ASU	requires	that	a	statement	of	cash	flows	explain	the	change	during	the	period	in	the	total	of	cash,	cash	equivalents,
and	amounts	generally	described	as	restricted	cash	or	restricted	cash	equivalents.	Therefore,	amounts	generally	described	as	restricted	cash	and	restricted	cash	equivalents	should	be	included	with	cash	and	cash	equivalents	when	reconciling
the	beginning-of-period	and	end-of-period	total	amounts	shown	on	the	statement	of	cash	flows.	The	ASU	is	effective	for	fiscal	years,	and	interim	periods	within	those	fiscal	years,	beginning	after	December	15,	2017,	with	early	adoption	permitted.
We	are	currently	evaluating	the	potential	impact	of	adopting	the	ASU	on	our	consolidated	financial	statements.
	
In	October	2016,	the	FASB	issued	ASU	No.	2016-16,	
Income	Taxes:	Intra-Entity	Transfers	of	Assets	Other	Than	Inventory	(Topic	740)
.	The	ASU	requires	the	recognition	of	current	and	deferred	income	taxes	for	intra-entity	transfers	of
assets	other	than	inventory.	The	ASU	is	effective	for	fiscal	years,	and	interim	periods	within	those	fiscal	years,	beginning	after	December	15,	2017,	with	early	adoption	permitted.	We	are	currently	evaluating	the	impact	of	the	ASU	on	our
consolidated	financial	statements.
	
	
Note	3	-	Acquisition	of	SolarCity
	
Transaction	Overview
	
On	November	21,	2016	(the	“Acquisition	Date”),	we	completed	our	acquisition	of	SolarCity
.		As	of	the	acquisition	date,	our	CEO	was	the	chair	of	SolarCity’s	Board	of	Directors.		
Pursuant	to	the	Agreement	and	Plan	of	Merger	(the
“Merger	Agreement”),	each	issued	and	outstanding	share	of	SolarCity	common	stock	was	converted	into	0.110	(the	“Exchange	Ratio”)	shares	of	Tesla	common	stock.	SolarCity	options	and	restricted	stock	unit	awards	were	assumed	by	Tesla	and
converted	into	corresponding	equity	awards	in	respect	of	Tesla	common	stock	based	on	the	Exchange	Ratio,	with	the	awards	retaining	the	same	vesting	and	other	terms	and	conditions	as	in	effect	immediately	prior	to	the	acquisition.
Fair	Value	of	Consideration	Transferred
	
The	acquisition	date	fair	value	of	the	consideration	transferred	totaled	$2.1	billion,	which	consisted	of	the	following	(in	thousands,	except	for	share	and	per	share	amounts):
	
	
	
	
	
Total	fair	value	of	Tesla	common	stock
			issued	(11,124,497	shares	issued	at	$185.04	per	share)
	
$
2,058,477
	
Fair	value	of	replacement	Tesla	stock
			options	and	restricted	stock	units	for	vested	SolarCity	awards
	
	
87,500
	
Total	purchase	price
	
$
2,145,977
	
In	addition,	we	also	assumed	unvested	SolarCity	awards	of	$95.9	million	which	will	be	recognized	as	stock-based	compensation	expense	over	the	remaining	requisite	service	period.		
Per	ASC	805,	
Business	Combinations
,	the
replacement	of	stock	options	or	other	share-based	payment	awards	in	conjunction	with	a	business	combination	represents	a	modification	of	share-based	payment	awards	that	must	be	accounted	for	in	accordance	with	ASC	718,	Compensation—
Stock	Compensation.	As	a	result	of	our	obligation	to	issue	replacement	awards,	a	portion	of	the	fair-value-based	measure	of	replacement	awards	is	included	in	measuring	the	purchase	consideration	transferred	in	the	business	combination.	To
determine	the	portion	of	the	replacement	awards	that	is	part	of	the	purchase	consideration,	we	measured	the	fair	value	of	both	the	replacement	awards	and	the	historical	awards	as	of	the	Acquisition	Date,	in	accordance	with	ASC	718.	The	fair
value	of	the	replacement	awards,	whether	vested	or	unvested,	was	included	in	the	purchase	consideration	to	the	extent	that	pre-acquisition	services	had	been	rendered.
		
Transaction	costs	of	$21.7	million	were	expensed	as	incurred	in	selling,	general	and	administrative	expense	of	our	Consolidated	Statements	of	Operations.		
	
Fair	Value	of	Assets	Acquired	and	Liabilities	Assumed
	
We	accounted	for	the	acquisition	using	the	purchase	method	of	accounting	for	business	combinations	under	ASC	805,	
Business	Combinations
.	The	total	purchase	price	is	allocated	to	the	tangible	and	identifiable	intangible	assets
acquired	and	liabilities	and	noncontrolling	interests	assumed	based	on	their	estimated	fair	values	as	of	the	Acquisition	Date.		
	
	
73	
As	we	finalize	the	fair	value	of	assets	acquired	and	liabilities	assumed,	additional	purchase	price	adjustments	may	be	recorded	during	the	measurement	period	(a	period	not	to	exceed	12	months)	in	2017.	Fair	value	estimates	are	based
on	a	complex	series	of	judgments	about	future	events	and	uncertainties	and	rely	heavily	on	estimates	and	assumptions.	The	judgments	used	to	determine	the	estimated	fair	value	assigned	to	each	class	of	assets	acquired	and	liabilities	assumed,
as	well	as	asset	lives	and	the	expected	future	cash	flows	and	related	discount	rates,	can	materiality	impact	our	results	of	operations.		Specifically,	we	used	discounted	cash	flows	model	to	value	the	acquired	solar	energy	systems,	leased	and	to	be
leased,	as	well	as	the	noncontrolling	interests	in	subsidiaries.		Significant	inputs	used	for	the	model	included	the	amount	of	cash	flows,	the	expected	period	of	the	cash	flows	and	the	discount	rates.		The	finalization	of	the	purchase	accounting
assessment	may	result	in	a	change	in	the	valuation	of	asset	acquired,	liabilities	assumed	and	taxes	may	have	a	material	impact	on	our	results	of	operations	and	financial	position.		
The	preliminary	allocation	of	the	purchase	price	is	based	on	management’s	estimate	of	the	acquisition-date	fair	values	of	the	assets	acquired	and	liabilities	assumed,	as	follows	(in	thousands):
	
Assets	acquired:
	
	
	
	
Cash	and	cash	equivalents
	
$
213,523
	
Accounts	receivable
	
	
74,619
	
Inventory
	
	
191,878
	
Solar	energy	systems,	leased	and	to	be	leased
	
	
5,781,496
	
Property,	plant	and	equipment
	
	
1,056,312
	
MyPower	notes,	net	of	current	portion
	
	
509,712
	
Restricted	cash
	
	
129,196
	
Intangible	assets
	
	
356,510
	
Prepaid	expenses	and	other	assets,	current	and	non-current
	
	
199,864
	
Total	assets	acquired
	
$
8,513,110
	
Liabilities	assumed:
	
	
	
	
Accounts	payable
	
$
230,078
	
Accrued	liabilities
	
	
238,590
	
Debt	and	capital	leases,	current	and	non-current
	
	
3,403,840
	
Financing	obligations
	
	
121,290
	
Deferred	revenue,	current	and	non-current
	
	
271,128
	
Other	liabilities
	
	
950,423
	
Total	liabilities	assumed
	
$
5,215,349
	
Net	assets	acquired
	
$
3,297,761
	
	
	
	
	
	
Noncontrolling	interests	redeemable	and	non-redeemable
	
$
1,066,517
	
Capped	call	options	associated	with	2014	convertible	notes
	
	
(3,460
)
Total	net	assets	acquired
	
$
2,234,704
	
Gain	on	acquisition	of	SolarCity	Corporation
	
	
(88,727
)
Total	purchase	price
	
$
2,145,977
	
The	total	preliminary	purchase	allocation	reflects	our	preliminary	estimates	and	is	subject	to	revision	as	additional	information	in	relation	to	the	fair	value	of	the	inventories,	solar	energy	systems,	leased	to	be	leased,	identifiable
intangible	assets,	deferred	revenue,	deferred	taxes,	and	noncontrolling	interests	assumed	becomes	available.	
Gain	on	acquisition
	
The	accounting	guidance	requires	that	a	gain	resulting	from	the	fair	value	of	acquired	net	assets	being	greater	than	the	consideration	paid	to	acquire	the	net	assets	be	recorded	as	a	gain	included	in	the	results	of	operations	on	the
acquisition	date.	We	recognized	a	gain	on	acquisition	of	$88.7	million	in	the	fourth	quarter	of	2016,	which	is	recorded	in	other	income	(expense),	net	on	our	Consolidated	Statements	of	Operations.
	
We	reassessed	the	recognition	and	measurement	of	identifiable	assets	and	liabilities	acquired	and	concluded	that	all	acquired	assets	and	liabilities	were	recognized	and	that	the	valuation	procedures	and	resulting	estimates	of	fair
values	were	appropriate.	The	primary	factor	contributing	to	the	gain	relates	to	the	change	in	the	overall	price	of	our	common	stock	from	the	time	that	the	Merger	Agreement	was	executed	on	July	31,	2016	to	the	acquisition	date.		During	this
time,	our	stock	price	decreased	from	$230.01	to	$185.04,	which	in	turn	reduced	the	fair	value	of	the	consideration.		
	
74	
Identifiable	intangible	assets
	
A	preliminary	assessment	of	the	fair	value	of	identified	intangible	assets	and	their	respective	useful	lives	are	as	follows	(in	thousands,	except	for	estimated	useful	life):
	
	
	
As	of	December	31,	2016
	
	
	
Approximate
Fair	Value
	
	
Estimated	Useful	Life
(in	years)
	
Developed	technology
	
$
113,361
	
	
	
7
	
Trade	name
	
	
43,500
	
	
	
5
	
Favorable	contracts	and	leases,	net
	
	
112,817
	
	
	
15
	
IPR&D
	
	
86,832
	
	
N/A
	
Total	intangible	assets
	
$
356,510
	
	
	
	
	
Acquired	in-process	research	and	development	(IPR&D)	is	an	intangible	asset	accounted	for	as	an	indefinite-lived	asset	until	the	completion	or	abandonment	of	the	associated	research	and	development	effort.	If	the	research	and
development	effort	associated	with	the	IPR&D	is	successfully	completed	and	commercial	feasibility	is	reached,	then	the	IPR&D	intangible	asset	will	be	amortized	over	its	estimated	useful	life	to	be	determined	at	the	date	the	effort	is
completed.		The	research	and	development	efforts	associated	with	these	IPR&D	intangible	assets	are	expected	to	be	completed	in	the	second	half	of	2017
.		
The	fair	value	of	the	IPR&D	is	determined	using	the	replacement	cost	method	under	the
cost	approach.	The	replacement	cost	is	estimated	based	on	the	historical	acquisition	cost	of	the	technology	and	historical	R&D	expenses	incurred,	adjusted	for	an	estimated	developer’s	profit,	opportunity	cost	and	obsolescence	factor	in
accordance	with	accepted	valuation	methodologies.		At	the	time	of	acquisition,	we	expect	that	all	acquired	IPR&D	will	reach	technological	feasibility,	but	there	can	be	no	assurance	that	the	commercial	viability	of	these	products	will	actually	be
achieved.	The	nature	of	the	efforts	to	develop	the	acquired	technologies	into	commercially	viable	products	consists	principally	of	planning,	designing,	and	testing	the	technology	for	viability	in	manufacturing.	If	commercial	viability	were	not
achieved,	we	would	likely	look	to	other	alternative	technologies.	If	the	related	R&D	project	is	not	completed	in	a	timely	manner	or	the	R&D	project	is	terminated	or	abandoned,	we	may	have	an	impairment	related	to	the	IPR&D,	calculated	as	the
excess	of	the	asset’s	carrying	value	over	its	fair	value.
	
Unaudited	Pro	Forma	Financial	Information
	
Our	consolidated	financial	statements	for	2016	include	SolarCity’s	results	of	operations	from	the	Acquisition	Date	through	December	31,	2016.	Net	revenues	and	operating	loss	attributable	to	SolarCity	during	this	period	and	included
in	our	consolidated	financial	statements	were	$84.1	million	and	$68.2	million,	respectively.
The	following	unaudited	pro	forma	information	gives	effect	to	the	acquisition	of	SolarCity	as	if	the	acquisition	had	occurred	on	January	1,	2015	and	had	been	included	in	our	Consolidated	Statements	of	Operations	for	2015	and	2016.
	
	
	
Year	Ended
	
	
	
2016
	
	
2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Revenue
	
$
7,539,077
	
	
$
4,354,324
	
Net	loss	attributable	to	common	stockholders
	
	
(609,395
)
	
	
(1,017,223
)
Net	loss	per	share	of	common	stock,	basic	and
			Diluted
	
$
(4.23
)
	
$
(7.30
)
Weighted-average	shares	used	in	computing	net
			loss	per	share	of	common	stock,	basic	and
			diluted
	
	
144,212
	
	
	
139,327
	
The	unaudited	pro	forma	financial	information	includes	adjustments	to	give	effect	to	pro	forma	events	that	are	directly	attributable	to	the	acquisition.	The	pro	forma	financial	information	includes	adjustments	to	amortization	and
depreciation	for	solar	energy	systems,	leased	to	be	leased,	intangible	assets	acquired,	the	effect	of	acquisition	on	deferred	revenue	and	noncontrolling	interests,	and	transaction	costs	related	to	the	acquisition.	The	unaudited	pro	forma	financial
information	is	presented	for	illustrative	purposes	only	and	is	not	necessarily	indicative	of	the	results	of	operations	of	future	periods.	The	unaudited	pro	forma	financial	information	does	not	give	effect	to	the	potential	impact	of	current	financial
conditions,	regulatory	matters,	or	any	anticipated	synergies,	operating	efficiencies,	or	cost	savings	that	may	be	associated	with	the	acquisition.	Consequently,	actual	results	will	differ	from	the	unaudited	pro	forma	financial	information	presented.
	
	
	
75	
	
Note	4
	
–	Intangible	Assets
	
Information	regarding	our	acquired	intangible	assets	is	as	follows	(in	thousands):
	
	
	
As	of	December	31,	2016
	
	
	
Gross
	
Carrying	Amount
	
	
Accumulated
Amortization
	
	
Net	Carrying	Amount
	
Finite-lived	intangible	assets:
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Developed	technology
	
$
113,361
	
	
$
(1,740
)
	
$
111,621
	
Trade	name
	
	
43,500
	
	
	
(967
)
	
	
42,533
	
Favorable	contracts	and	leases,	net
	
	
112,817
	
	
	
(864
)
	
	
111,953
	
Other
	
	
26,679
	
	
	
(3,473
)
	
	
23,206
	
Total	finite-lived	intangible	assets:
	
$
296,357
	
	
$
(7,044
)
	
$
289,313
	
Indefinite-lived	intangible	assets:
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
IPR&D
	
	
86,832
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
86,832
	
Total	infinite-lived	intangible	assets:
	
	
86,832
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
86,832
	
Total	intangible	assets
	
$
383,189
	
	
$
(7,044
)
	
$
376,145
	
	
As	of	December	31,	2016,	total	future	amortization	expense	for	intangible	assets	is	estimated	as	follows	(in	thousands):
	
	
	
Total
	
2017
	
$
33,843
	
2018
	
	
33,843
	
2019
	
	
33,843
	
2020
	
	
33,843
	
2021
	
	
32,878
	
Thereafter
	
	
121,063
	
Total
	
$
289,313
	
	
Note	5	-	Fair	Value	of	Financial	Instruments
	
ASC	820
,	Fair	Value	Measurements
,	clarifies	that	fair	value	is	an	exit	price,	representing	the	amount	that	would	be	received	to	sell	an	asset	or	paid	to	transfer	a	liability	in	an	orderly	transaction	between	market	participants.	As	such,
fair	value	is	a	market-based	measurement	that	should	be	determined	based	on	assumptions	that	market	participants	would	use	in	pricing	an	asset	or	a	liability
.
	
As	a	basis	for	determining	the	fair	value	of	certain	of	our	assets	and	liabilities,	we	follow	a	three-tier	fair	value	hierarchy	which	prioritizes	the	inputs	used	in	measuring	fair	value	as	follows:	(Level	I)	observable	inputs	such	as	quoted
prices	in	active	markets;	(Level	II)	inputs	other	than	the	quoted	prices	in	active	markets	that	are	observable	either	directly	or	indirectly;	and	(Level	III)	unobservable	inputs	in	which	there	is	little	or	no	market	data	which	requires	us	to	develop
our	own	assumptions.	This	hierarchy	requires	us	to	use	observable	market	data,	when	available,	and	to	minimize	the	use	of	unobservable	inputs	when	determining	fair	value.	Our	financial	assets	and	financial	liabilities	that	are	measured	at	fair
value	on	a	recurring	basis	consist	of	cash	equivalents,	marketable	securities	and	interest	rate	swaps.
	
As	of	December	31,	2016	and	2015,	the	fair	value	hierarchy	for	our	financial	assets	and	financial	liabilities	that	are	carried	at	fair	value	was	as	follows,	and	unrealized	gains	(losses)	on	financial	assets	and	liabilities	presented	in	the
table	below	for	all	periods	presented	were	less	than	$1.0	million	(in	thousands):
	
	
	
December	31,	2016
	
	
December	31,	2015
	
	
	
Fair	Value
	
	
Level	I
	
	
Level	II
	
	
Level	III
	
	
Fair	Value
	
	
Level	I
	
	
Level	II
	
	
Level	III
	
Money	market	funds
	
$
2,226,322
	
	
$
2,226,322
	
	
$
—
	
	
$
—
	
	
$
297,810
	
	
$
297,810
	
	
$
—
	
	
$
—
	
U.S.	treasury	bills
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
16,664
	
	
	
16,664
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
Interest	rate	swaps
	
	
1,490
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
1,490
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
Total
	
$
2,227,812
	
	
$
2,226,322
	
	
$
1,490
	
	
$
—
	
	
$
314,474
	
	
$
314,474
	
	
$
—
	
	
$
—
	
All	of	our	cash	equivalents	and	current	restricted	cash,	which	are	comprised	primarily	of	money	market	funds,	are	classified	within	Level	I	of	the	fair	value	hierarchy	because	they	are	valued	using	quoted	market	prices	or	market
prices	for	identical	securities.	Our	restricted	short-term	marketable	securities	are	classified	within	Level	I	of	the	fair	value	hierarchy.
	
	
76	
We	have	classified	the	interest	rate	swaps	within	Level	II	because	their	fair	values	are	determined	using	alternative	pricing	sources	or	models	that	utilized	market	observable	inputs,	including	current	and	forward	interest	rates.
	
During	the	years	ended	December	31,	2016	and	2015,	there	were	no	transfers	between	the	levels	of	the	fair	value	hierarchy.
	
Derivative	Financial	Instruments
Cash	Flow	Hedges
In	November	2015,	we	implemented	a	program	to	hedge	the	foreign	currency	exposure	risk	related	to	certain	forecasted	inventory	purchases	denominated	in	Japanese	yen.	The	derivative	instruments	we	use	are	foreign	currency
forward	contracts	and	are	designated	as	cash	flow	hedges	with	maturity	dates	of	12	months	or	less.	We	do	not	enter	into	derivative	contracts	for	trading	or	speculative	purposes.		
The	bank	counterparties	in	all	contracts	expose	Tesla	to	credit-related	losses	in	the	event	of	their	nonperformance.	However,	to	mitigate	that	risk,	Tesla	only	contracts	with	counterparties	who	meet	the	Company’s	minimum
requirements	under	its	counterparty	risk	assessment	process.	Tesla	monitors	ratings,	credit	spreads,	and	potential	downgrades	on	at	least	a	quarterly	basis.	Based	on	our	on-going	assessment	of	counterparty	risk,	the	Company	will	adjust	its
exposure	to	various	counterparties.	We	generally	enter	into	master	netting	arrangements,	which	reduce	credit	risk	by	permitting	net	settlement	of	transactions	with	the	same	counterparty.	However,	we	do	not	have	any	master	netting
arrangements	in	place	with	collateral	features.
We	document	each	hedge	relationship	and	assess	its	initial	effectiveness	at	the	inception	of	the	hedge	contract	and	we	measure	its	ongoing	effectiveness	on	a	quarterly	basis	using	regression	analysis.	During	the	term	of	an	effective
hedge	contract,	we	record	gains	and	losses	within	accumulated	other	comprehensive	income	(loss).	We	reclassify	these	gains	or	losses	to	costs	of	automotive	revenues	in	the	period	the	related	finished	goods	inventory	is	sold	or	as	cost	of
automotive	leasing	revenue	over	the	depreciation	period	for	those	sales	accounted	for	as	leases.	Although	our	contracts	are	considered	effective	hedges,	we	may	experience	small	amounts	of	ineffectiveness	due	to	timing	differences	between	our
actual	inventory	purchases	and	the	settlement	date	of	the	related	foreign	currency	forward	contracts.	We	have	recorded	no	amounts	related	to	hedge	ineffectiveness	within	other	income	(expense),	net	in	our	Consolidated	Statements	of
Operations,	during	the	years	ended	December	31,	2016	and	2015.
	
There	were	no	outstanding	hedging	contracts	as	of	December	31,	2016.		The	net	notional	amount	of	these	contracts	was	$322.6	million	at	December	31,	2015.	Outstanding	contracts	are	recognized	as	either	assets	or	liabilities	on	the
Consolidated	Balance	Sheet	at	fair	value	within	prepaid	expenses	and	other	current	assets	or	within	accrued	liabilities	and	other,	depending	on	our	net	position.	The	net	gain	of	$5.6	million	in	accumulated	other	comprehensive	income	(loss)	as	of
December	31,	2016,	is	expected	to	be	recognized	to	costs	of	automotive	sales	in	the	period	the	related	finished	goods	inventory	is	sold	or	over	the	depreciation	period	for	those	sales	accounted	for	as	leases	in	the	next	twelve	months.	The	total
fair	values	of	foreign	currency	contracts	designated	as	cash	flow	hedges	as	of	December	31,	2016	and	December	31,	2015	was	zero	and	$7.3	million	and	was	determined	using	Level	II	inputs	and	recorded	in	prepaid	expenses	and	other	current
assets	on	our	Consolidated	Balance	Sheets.	During	the	year	ended	December	31,	2016,	we	reclassified	$44.9	million	of	gains	from	accumulated	other	comprehensive	income	(loss)	into	cost	of	automotive	revenue.		No	amounts	were	reclassified
from	accumulated	other	comprehensive	income	(loss)	into	earnings	for	the	year	ended	December	31,	2015.
Interest	Rate	Swaps
SolarCity	enters	into	fixed-for-floating	interest	rate	swap	agreements	to	swap	variable	interest	payments	on	certain	debt	for	fixed	interest	payments,	as	required	by	its	lenders.	These	interest	rate	swaps	are	not	designated	as	hedging
instruments.	Accordingly,	all	interest	rate	swaps	are	recognized	at	fair	value	on	our	Consolidated	Balance	Sheets	within	other	assets	or	other	long-term	liabilities,	with	any	changes	in	fair	value	recognized	as	other	income	(expense),	net	in	our
Consolidated	Statements	of	Operations	and	with	any	cash	flows	recognized	as	investing	activities	in	our	Consolidated	Statements	of	Cash	flows.	As	of	December	31,	2016,	the	aggregate	notional	amount	of	these	interest	rate	swaps,	the	gross
asset	at	fair	value,	and	the	gross	liability	at	fair	value	was	$789.6	million,	$10.6	million,	and	$12.1	million,	respectively.		During	the	year	ended	December	31,	2016,	we	recognized	$7.0	million	of	gains	related	to	these	interest	rate	swaps.
Fair	Value	Disclosure
	
Our	financial	instruments	that	are	not	re-measured	at	fair	value	include	accounts	receivable,	customer	notes	receivable,	rebates	receivable,	accounts	payable,	accrued	liabilities,	customer	deposits,	convertible	senior	notes,
participation	interest,	solar	asset-backed	notes,	solar	loan-backed	notes,	Solar	Bonds	and	long-term	debt.	The	carrying	values	of	these	financial	instruments	other	than	customer	notes	receivable,	convertible	senior	notes,	the	participation
interest,	solar	asset-backed	notes,	Solar	Bonds,	and	long-term	debt	approximated	their	fair	value.
	
	
77	
We	estimate	the	fair	value	of	convertible	senior	notes	based	on	a
	commonly	accepted	valuation	methodology	and	market-based	risk	measurements	that	are	indirectly	observable,	such	as	credit	risk	(Level	II)
.		
In	addition,	
we	estimate
the	fair	value	of	customer	notes	receivable,	the	participation	interest,	solar	asset-backed	notes,	solar	loan-backed	notes	and	Solar	Bonds	based	on	rates	currently	offered	for	instruments	with	similar	maturities	and	terms	(Level	III).
	
The	following
table	presents	their	estimated	fair	values	and	their	carrying	values	(in	thousands):
		
	
	
	
	
December	31,	2016
	
	
December	31,	2015
	
	
	
Carrying
	
Value
	
	
Fair	Value
	
	
Carrying	Value
	
	
Fair
	
Value
	
MyPower	customer	notes	receivable
	
$
513,002
	
	
$
513,002
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
Convertible	senior	notes
	
	
2,957,288
	
	
	
3,205,641
	
	
$
2,505,868
	
	
$
3,423,257
	
Participation	interest
	
	
16,713
	
	
	
15,025
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
Solar	asset-backed	notes
	
	
442,764
	
	
	
428,551
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
Solar	loan-backed	notes
	
	
137,024
	
	
	
132,129
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
Note	6	-	Inventory
As	of	December	31,	2016	and	2015,	our	inventory	consisted	of	the	following	(in	thousands):
	
	
	
December	31,
	
	
December	31,
	
	
	
2016
	
	
2015
	
Raw	materials
	
$
680,339
	
	
$
528,935
	
Work	in	process
	
	
233,746
	
	
	
163,830
	
Finished	goods
	
	
1,016,731
	
	
	
476,512
	
Service	parts
	
	
136,638
	
	
	
108,561
	
Total
	
$
2,067,454
	
	
$
1,277,838
	
Finished	goods	inventory	includes	vehicles	in	transit	to	fulfill	customer	orders,	new	vehicles	available	for	immediate	sale	at	our	retail	and	service	center	locations,	pre-owned	Tesla	vehicles,	and	energy	storage	products.
	
For	solar	energy	systems,	leased	and	to	be	leased,	we	commence	transferring	component	parts	from	inventory	to	construction	in	progress,	a	component	of	solar	energy	systems,	leased	and	to	be	leased,	once	a	lease	contract	with	a
customer	has	been	executed	and	installation	has	been	initiated.	Additional	costs	incurred	on	the	leased	systems,	including	labor	and	overhead,	are	recorded	within	construction	in	progress.
We	write	down	inventory	as	a	result	of	excess	and	obsolete	inventories,	or	when	we	believe	that	the	net	realizable	value	of	inventories	is	less	than	the	carrying	value.	During	the	years	ended	December	31,	2016,	2015	and	2014,	we
recorded	write-downs	of	$52.8	million,	$44.9	million	and	$15.6	million	in	cost	of	revenues.
	
	
Note	7
	
–	Solar	Energy	Systems,	Leased	and	To	Be	Leased	–	Net
	
Solar	energy	systems,	leased	and	to	be	leased,	net	consisted	of	the	following	(in	thousands):
	
	
	
December	31,
	
	
	
2016
	
Solar	energy	systems	leased	to	customers
	
$
5,052,976
	
Initial	direct	costs	related	to	customer	solar	energy
			system	lease	acquisition	costs
	
	
12,774
	
	
	
$
5,065,750
	
Less:	accumulated	depreciation	and	amortization
	
	
(20,157
)
	
	
$
5,045,593
	
Solar	energy	systems	under	constructions
	
	
460,913
	
Solar	energy	systems	to	be	leased	to	customers
	
	
413,374
	
Solar	energy	systems,	leased	and	to	be	leased	–	net	(1)(2)
	
$
5,919,880
	
	
(1)
Included	in	solar	energy	systems	leased	to	customers	as	of	December	31,	2016,	was	$36.0	million	related	to	capital	leased	assets	with	an	accumulated	depreciation	of	$0.2	million.
	
(2)
Included	in	solar	energy	systems,	leased	and	to	be	leased,	as	of	December	31,	2016,	was	$21.3	million	related	to	energy	storage	systems	with	an	accumulated	depreciation	of	$0.1	million.
	
	
78	
	
Note	8	-	Property,	Plant	and	Equipment
As	of	December	31,	2016	and
	
2015,	our	property,	plant	and	equipment,	net,	consisted	of	the	following	(in	thousands):
	
	
	
December	31,
	
	
December	31,
	
	
	
2016
	
	
2015
	
Machinery,	equipment,	vehicles	and	office	furniture
	
$
2,154,367
	
	
$
1,694,910
	
Tooling
	
	
794,793
	
	
	
550,902
	
Leasehold	improvements
	
	
505,295
	
	
	
338,392
	
Land	and	buildings
	
	
1,079,452
	
	
	
521,537
	
Computer	equipment,	hardware	and	software
	
	
275,655
	
	
	
175,512
	
Construction	in	progress
	
	
2,147,332
	
	
	
693,207
	
Other
	
	
23,548
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
$
6,980,442
	
	
$
3,974,460
	
Less:	Accumulated	depreciation	and	amortization
	
	
(997,485
)
	
	
(571,126
)
Total
	
$
5,982,957
	
	
$
3,403,334
	
Construction	in	progress	is	comprised	primarily	of	tooling	and	equipment	related	to	the	manufacturing	of	our	vehicles,	a	portion	of
	
Gigafactory	1	construction,	and	related	capitalized	interest.	In	addition,	construction	in	progress	also
included	certain	build-to-suit	lease	arrangement	for	the	Buffalo	manufacturing	facilities	acquired	through	our	SolarCity	acquisition	during	the	fourth	quarter	of	2016.		Completed	assets	are	transferred	to	their	respective	asset	class	and
depreciation	begins	when	the	asset	is	ready	for	its	intended	use.	Interest	expense	on	outstanding	debt	is	capitalized	during	the	period	of	significant	capital	asset	construction.	Capitalized	interest	on	construction	in	progress	is	included	in
property,	plant	and	equipment,	net,	and	is	amortized	over	the	life	of	the	related	assets.	During	the	years	ended	December	31,	2016	and	2015,	we	capitalized	$46.7	million	and	$41.5	million	of	interest	expense,	respectively.
We	are	sometimes	involved	in	construction	at	our	leased	facilities	primarily	related	to	retail	stores,	service	centers,	and	certain	manufacturing	facilities.	In	accordance	with	ASC	840,	Leases,	for	build-to-suit	lease	arrangements	where
we	are	involved	in	the	construction	of	structural	improvements	prior	to	the	commencement	of	the	lease	or	take	some	level	of	construction	risk,	we	are	considered	the	owner	of	the	assets	and	land	during	the	construction	period.	Accordingly,	upon
commencement	of	our	construction	activities,	we	record	a	construction	in	progress	asset	and	a	corresponding	financing	liability.	Once	the	construction	is	completed,	if	the	lease	meets	certain	“sale-leaseback”	criteria,	we	will	remove	the	asset
and	related	financial	obligation	from	the	balance	sheet	and	treat	the	building	lease	as	an	operating	lease.	If	upon	completion	of	construction,	the	project	does	not	meet	the	“sale-leaseback”	criteria,	the	leased	property	will	be	treated	as	a	capital
lease	and	included	in	building	and	building	improvements	in	the	table	above.												
In	addition,	as	part	of	the	SolarCity	acquisition,	we	assumed	a	build-to-suit	lease	arrangement	with	the	Research	Foundation	for	the	State	University	of	New	York,	or	the	Foundation,	for	the	construction	located	in	Buffalo,	New	York.
See	Note	17,	
Commitment	and	contingencies,	
for	Build-to-Suit	lease	arrangement	with	the	Foundation.
As	of	December	31,	2016	and	December	31,	2015,	the	table	above	includes	$1.32	billion	and	$206.1	million	of	build-to-suit	assets.	As	of	December	31,	2016	and	December	31,	2015,	corresponding	financing	obligations	of	$3.8	million
and	$1.3	million	are	recorded	in	accrued	liabilities	and	$1.3	billion	and	$201.3	million	are	recorded	in	other	long-term	liabilities.
Depreciation	and	amortization	expense	during	the	years	ended	December	31,	2016,	2015	and	2014	were	$477.3	million,	$278.7	million	and	$155.9	million.	Total	property	and	equipment	assets	under	capital	lease	as	of	December	31,
2016	and	2015	were	$112.6	million	and	$58.1	million.	Accumulated	depreciation	related	to	assets	under	capital	lease	as	of	these	dates	were	$40.2	million	and	$22.7	million.
We	have	incurred	$825.3	million	and	$317.5	million	of	costs	for	our	Gigafactory	1	as	of	December	31,	2016	and	2015.
	
	
	
79	
Note	9	–	Non-cancellable	Operating	Lease	Payments	Receivable
As	of	December	31,	2016,	future	minimum	lease	payments	to	be	received	from	customers	under	non-cancellable	operating	leases	for	each	of	the	next	five	years	and	thereafter	were	as	follows	(in	thousands):
	
2017
	
$
279,420
	
2018
	
	
250,791
	
2019
	
	
191,729
	
2010
	
	
147,989
	
2021
	
	
145,423
	
Thereafter
	
	
2,122,127
	
Total
	
$
3,137,479
	
The	above	table	does	not	include	vehicle	sales	to	customers	or	leasing	partners	with	a	resale	value	guarantee	as	the	cash	payments	were	received	upfront.
In	addition,	we	assumed	through	our	acquisition	of	SolarCity	and	will	continue	to	enter	into	power	purchase	agreements	with	our	customers	that	are	accounted	for	as	leases.	These	customers	are	charged	solely	based	on	actual	power
produced	by	the	installed	solar	energy	system	at	a	predefined	rate	per	kilowatt-hour	of	power	produced.	The	future	payments	from	such	arrangements	are	not	included	in	the	above	table	as	they	are	a	function	of	the	power	generated	by	the
related	solar	energy	systems	in	the	future.	Furthermore,	the	above	table	does	not	include	performance-based	incentives	receivable	from	various	utility	companies.	The	amount	of	contingent	rentals	recognized	as	revenue	for	the	years	presented
were	not	material.
	
	
Note	10	-	Accrued	Liabilities	and	Other
	
As	of	December	31,	2016	and
	
2015,	our	accrued	liabilities	and	other	current	liabilities	consisted	of	the	following	(in	thousands):
	
	
	
December	31,
	
	
December	31,
	
	
	
2016
	
	
2015
	
Accrued	purchases
	
$
585,019
	
	
$
140,540
	
Payroll	and	related	costs
	
	
218,792
	
	
	
86,859
	
Taxes	payable
	
	
152,897
	
	
	
101,206
	
Financing	obligation,	current	portion
	
	
52,031
	
	
	
—
	
Accrued	warranty	and	other
	
	
201,289
	
	
	
94,193
	
Total
	
$
1,210,028
	
	
$
422,798
	
Taxes	payable	includes	Value	Added	Tax,	sales	tax,	property	tax,	use	tax	and	income	tax	payables.		
Accrued	purchases	reflect	primarily	liabilities	related	to	the	construction	of	Gigafactory	1,	along	with	engineering	design	and	testing	accruals.	As	these	services	are	invoiced,	this	balance	will	reduce	and	accounts	payable	will	increase.
	
	
Note	11	–	Other	Long-term	Liabilities
	
Other	long-term	liabilities	consisted	of	the	following	(in	thousands):
	
	
	
December	31,
2016
	
	
December	31,
2015
	
Accrued	warranty	reserve,	net	of	current	portion
	
$
149,858
	
	
$
117,057
	
Build-to-suit	lease	liability,	net	of	current	portion
	
	
1,323,293
	
	
	
201,389
	
Deferred	rent	expense
	
	
36,966
	
	
	
17,342
	
Financing	obligation,	net	of	current	portion
	
	
84,360
	
	
	
—
	
Liability	for	receipts	from	an	investor
	
	
76,828
	
	
	
—
	
Other	noncurrent	liabilities
	
	
220,144
	
	
	
29,188
	
Total	long-term	liabilities
	
$
1,891,449
	
	
$
364,976
	
For	additional	detail	on	build-to-suit	lease	liability,	net	of	current	portion,	please	see	Note	8,	Property,	plan,	and	equipment.
	
80	
The	liability	for	receipts	from	an	investor	represents	amounts	received	from	an	investor	under	a	lease	pass-through	fund	arrangement	for	monetization	of	ITCs	for	assets	not	yet	placed	in	service.	This	amount	is	reclassified	to	deferred
revenue	when	the	assets	are	placed	in	service.
	
	
Note	12	-	Customer	Deposits
Customer	deposits	primarily	consist	of	cash	payments	from	customers	at	the	time	they	place	an	order	for	a	vehicle	and	additional	payments	up	to	the	point	of	delivery	including	the	fair	value	of	customer	trade-in	vehicles	that	are
applicable	toward	a	new	vehicle	purchase.	Customer	deposit	amounts	and	timing	vary	depending	on	the	vehicle	model	and	country	of	delivery.	Customer	deposits	are	fully	refundable	up	to	the	point	the	vehicle	is	placed	into	the	production	cycle.
Customer	deposits	are	included	in	current	liabilities	until	refunded	or	until	they	are	applied	to	a	customer’s	purchase	balance	at	time	of	delivery.
As	of	December	31,	2016	and	2015,	we	held	$663.9	million	and	$283.4	million	in	customer	deposits.	The	increase	is	primarily	due	to	Model	3	deposits.
	
	
Note	13	-	Convertible	and	Long-term	Debt	Obligations
The	following	is	a	summary	of	our	debt	as	of	December	31,	2016	(in	thousands):
	
	
	
Unpaid
	
	
	
	
	
Unused
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Principal
	
	
Net	Carrying	Value
	
	
Committed
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Balance
	
	
Current
	
	
Long-Term
	
	
Amount
	
	
Interest
	
Rate
	
	
Maturity	Dates
Recourse	debt:
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
1.5%	Convertible	Senior	Notes	due	in	2018
	
$
205,013
	
	
$
196,229
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
1.5
%
	
June	2018
0.25%	Convertible	Senior	Notes	due	in	2019
	
	
920,000
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
827,620
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
0.25
%
	
March	2019
1.25%	Convertible	Senior	Notes	due	in	2021
	
	
1,380,000
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
1,132,029
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
1.25
%
	
March	2021
Credit	Agreement
	
	
969,000
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
969,000
	
	
	
181,000
	
	
1%	plus	LIBOR
	
	
June	2020
Secured	Revolving	Credit	Facility
	
	
364,000
	
	
	
366,247
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
24,305
	
	
4.0%-6.0%
	
	
January	2017	-
December	2017
Vehicle	and	Other	Loans
	
	
23,771
	
	
	
17,235
	
	
	
6,536
	
	
	
—
	
	
2.9%-7.6%
	
	
March	2017	-
June	2019
2.75%	Convertible	Senior	Notes	due	in	2018
	
	
230,000
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
212,223
	
	
	
—
	
	
2.8%
	
	
November	2018
1.625%	Convertible	Senior	Notes	due	in	2019
	
	
566,000
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
483,820
	
	
	
—
	
	
1.6%
	
	
November	2019
Zero-coupon	Convertible	Senior	Notes	due	in	2020
	
	
113,000
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
89,418
	
	
	
—
	
	
0.0%
	
	
December	2020
Solar	Bonds
	
	
332,060
	
	
	
181,582
	
	
	
148,948
	
	
*
	
	
1.1%-6.5%
	
	
January	2017	-
January	2031
Total	recourse	debt
	
	
5,102,844
	
	
	
761,293
	
	
	
3,869,594
	
	
	
205,305
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Non-recourse	debt:
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Warehouse	Agreement
	
	
390,000
	
	
	
73,708
	
	
	
316,292
	
	
	
210,000
	
	
Various
	
	
September	2018
Canada	Credit	Facility
	
	
67,342
	
	
	
18,489
	
	
	
48,853
	
	
	
—
	
	
3.6%-	4.5%
	
	
December	2020
Term	Loan	due	in	December	2017
	
	
75,467
	
	
	
75,715
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
52,173
	
	
4.2%
	
	
December	2017
Term	Loan	due	in	January	2021
	
	
183,388
	
	
	
5,860
	
	
	
176,169
	
	
	
—
	
	
4.5%
	
	
January	2021
MyPower	Revolving	Credit	Facility
	
	
133,762
	
	
	
133,827
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
56,238
	
	
4.1%-6.6%
	
	
January	2017
Revolving	Aggregation	Credit	Facility
	
	
424,757
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
427,944
	
	
	
335,243
	
	
4.0%-4.8%
	
	
December	2018
Solar	Renewable	Energy	Credit	Term	Loan
	
	
38,124
	
	
	
12,491
	
	
	
26,262
	
	
	
—
	
	
6.6%-9.9%
	
	
April	2017	-
July	2021
Cash	Equity	Debt	I
	
	
119,753
	
	
	
3,272
	
	
	
115,464
	
	
	
—
	
	
5.7%
	
	
July	2033
Cash	Equity	Debt	II
	
	
206,901
	
	
	
5,376
	
	
	
189,424
	
	
	
—
	
	
5.3%
	
	
July	2034
Cash	Equity	Debt	III
	
	
170,000
	
	
	
4,994
	
	
	
161,853
	
	
	
	
	
	
5.8%
	
	
January	2035
Solar	Asset-backed	Notes,	Series	2013-1
	
	
41,899
	
	
	
3,329
	
	
	
38,346
	
	
	
—
	
	
4.8%
	
	
November	2038
Solar	Asset-backed	Notes,	Series	2014-1
	
	
60,768
	
	
	
3,016
	
	
	
57,417
	
	
	
—
	
	
4.6%
	
	
April	2044
Solar	Asset-backed	Notes,	Series	2014-2
	
	
186,851
	
	
	
7,055
	
	
	
173,625
	
	
	
—
	
	
4.0%-Class	A
5.4%-Class	B
	
	
July	2044
Solar	Asset-backed	Notes,	Series	2015-1
	
	
119,199
	
	
	
1,511
	
	
	
110,238
	
	
	
—
	
	
4.2%-Class	A
5.6%-Class	B
	
	
August	2045
Solar	Asset-backed	Notes,	Series	2016-1
	
	
50,119
	
	
	
1,202
	
	
	
47,025
	
	
	
—
	
	
5.3%-Class	A
7.5%-Class	B
	
	
September	2046
Solar	Loan-backed	Notes,	Series	2016-A
	
	
140,586
	
	
	
3,514
	
	
	
133,510
	
	
	
—
	
	
4.8%-Class	A
6.9%-Class	B
	
	
September	2048
Total	non-recourse	debt
	
	
2,408,916
	
	
	
353,359
	
	
	
2,022,422
	
	
	
653,654
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Total	debt
	
$
7,511,760
	
	
$
1,114,652
	
	
$
5,892,016
	
	
$
858,959
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
*
Out	of	the	$350.0	million	authorized	to	be	issued,	$17.9	million	remained	available	to	be	issued.	See	below	and	Note	21,	
Related	Party	Transactions
,	for	Solar	Bonds	issued	to	related	parties.
	
Recourse	debt	refers	to	debt	that	is	recourse	to	our	general	assets.	Non-recourse	debt	refers	to	debt	that	is	recourse	to	only	specified	assets	or	our	subsidiaries.	The	differences	between	the	unpaid	principal	balances	and	the	net
carrying	values	are	due	to	debt	discounts	and	deferred	financing	costs.	As	of	December	31,	2016,	we	were	in	compliance	with	all	financial	debt	covenants.	Our	debt	is	described	further	below.
	
	
81	
Recourse	Debt	Facilities:
Tesla	Debt	Facilities:
	
0.25%	and	1.25%	Convertible	Senior	Notes	due	in	2019	and	2021	and	Bond	Hedge	and	Warrant	Transactions
In	March	2014,	we	issued	$800.0	million	principal	amount	of	0.25%	convertible	senior	notes	due	in	2019	(2019	Notes)	and	$1.20	billion	principal	amount	of	1.25%	convertible	senior	notes	due	in	2021	(2021	Notes)	in	a	public	offering.
In	April	2014,	we	issued	an	additional	$120.0	million	aggregate	principal	amount	of	2019	Notes	and	$180.0	million	aggregate	principal	amount	of	2021	Notes,	pursuant	to	the	exercise	in	full	of	the	overallotment	options	of	the	underwriters	of	our
March	2014	public	offering.	The	total	net	proceeds	from	these	offerings,	after	deducting	transaction	costs,	were	approximately	$905.8	million	from	2019	Notes	and	$1.36	billion	from	2021	Notes.	We	incurred	$14.2	million	and	$21.4	million	of
debt	issuance	costs	in	connection	with	the	2019	Notes	and	the	2021	Notes,	and	are	amortizing	to	interest	expense	using	the	effective	interest	method	over	the	contractual	terms	of	these	notes.	In	April	2015,	the	FASB	issued	new	authoritative
accounting	guidance	on	simplifying	the	presentation	of	debt	issuance	costs,	which	we	retrospectively	adopted	as	of	March	31,	2016	and	reclassified	debt	issuance	costs	in	connection	with	the	notes	to	related	debt	liability.	The	interest	rates	are
fixed	at	0.25%	and	1.25%	per	annum	and	are	payable	semi-annually	in	arrears	on	March	1	and	September	1	of	each	year,	commencing	on	September	1,	2014.				
	
Each	$1,000	of	principal	of	these	notes	is	initially	convertible	into	2.7788	shares	of	our	common	stock,	which	is	equivalent	to	an	initial	conversion	price	of	approximately	$359.87	per	share,	subject	to	adjustment	upon	the	occurrence	of
specified	events.	Holders	of	these	notes	may	convert	their	notes	at	their	option	on	or	after	December	1,	2018	for	the	2019	Notes	and	on	or	after	December	1,	2020	for	the	2021	Notes.	Further,	holders	of	these	notes	may	convert	their	notes	at
their	option	prior	to	the	respective	dates	above,	only	under	the	following	circumstances:	(1)	during	any	fiscal	quarter	beginning	after	the	fiscal	quarter	ending	June	30,	2014,	if	the	last	reported	sale	price	of	our	common	stock	for	at	least	20
trading	days	(whether	or	not	consecutive)	during	the	last	30	consecutive	trading	days	of	immediately	preceding	fiscal	quarter	is	greater	than	or	equal	to	130%	of	the	conversion	price	of	the	applicable	notes	on	each	applicable	trading	day;
(2)	during	the	five	business	day	period	following	any	five	consecutive	trading	day	period	in	which	the	trading	price	for	the	applicable	notes	is	less	than	98%	of	the	average	of	the	closing	sale	price	of	our	common	stock	for	each	day	during	such
five	trading	day	period;	or	(3)	if	we	make	specified	distributions	to	holders	of	our	common	stock	or	if	specified	corporate	transactions	occur.	Upon	conversion	of	the	2019	Notes,	we	would	pay	or	deliver	as	applicable,	cash,	shares	of	our	common
stock	or	a	combination	of	cash	and	shares	of	our	common	stock,	at	our	election.	Upon	conversion	of	the	2021	Notes,	we	would	pay	the	holders	in	cash	for	the	principal	amount	and,	if	applicable,	shares	of	our	common	stock	(subject	to	our	right	to
deliver	cash	in	lieu	of	all	or	a	portion	of	such	shares	of	our	common	stock)	based	on	a	daily	conversion	value.	If	a	fundamental	change	occurs	prior	to	the	maturity	date,	holders	of	these	notes	may	require	us	to	repurchase	all	or	a	portion	of	their
notes	for	cash	at	a	repurchase	price	equal	to	100%	of	the	principal	amount	of	the	notes,	plus	any	accrued	and	unpaid	interest.	In	addition,	if	specific	corporate	events	occur	prior	to	the	applicable	maturity	date,	we	will	increase	the	conversion
rate	for	a	holder	who	elects	to	convert	their	notes	in	connection	with	such	a	corporate	event	in	certain	circumstances.	During	the	fourth	quarter	of	2016,	the	closing	price	of	our	common	stock	did	not	meet	or	exceed	130%	of	the	applicable
conversion	price	of	our	2019	Notes	and	2021	Notes	on	at	least	20	of	the	last	30	consecutive	trading	days	of	the	quarter;	furthermore,	no	other	conditions	allowing	holders	of	these	notes	to	convert	have	been	met	as	of	December	31,	2016.
Therefore,	the	2019	Notes	and	2021	Notes	are	not	convertible	during	the	first	quarter	of	2017	and	are	classified	as	long-term	debt.	Should	the	closing	price	conditions	be	met	in	the	first	quarter	of	2016	or	a	future	quarter,	the	2019	and/or	the
2021	Notes	will	be	convertible	at	their	holders’	option	during	the	immediately	following	quarter.	As	of	December	31,	2016,	the	if-converted	value	of	the	2019	Notes	and	2021	Notes	did	not	exceed	the	principal	value	of	those	notes.
	
As	of	December	31,	2015,	the	carrying	value	and	the	outstanding	principal	of	our	2019	Notes	are	$788.0	million	and	$920.0	million,	respectively.		As	of	December	31,	2015,	the	carrying	value	and	the	outstanding	principal	of	our	2021
Notes	are	$1.08	billion	and	$1.38	billion,	respectively.
	
In	accordance	with	accounting	guidance	on	embedded	conversion	features,	we	valued	and	bifurcated	the	conversion	option	associated	with	the	notes	from	the	respective	host	debt	instrument	and	initially	recorded	the	conversion
option	of	$188.1	million	for	the	2019	Notes	and	$369.4	million	for	the	2021	Notes	in	stockholders’	equity.	The	resulting	debt	discounts	on	the	2019	Notes	and	2021	Notes	are	being	amortized	to	interest	expense	at	an	effective	interest	rate	of
4.89%	and	5.96%,	respectively,	over	the	contractual	terms	of	the	notes.		
	
	
82	
In	connection	with	the	offering	of	these	notes	in	March	2014,	we	entered	into	convertible	note	hedge	transactions	whereby	we	have	the	option	to	purchase	initially	(subject	to	adjustment	for	certain	specified	events)	a	total	of
approximately	5.6	million	shares	of	our	common	stock	at	a	price	of	approximately	$359.87	per	share.	The	total	cost	of	the	convertible	note	hedge	transactions	was	$524.7	million.	In	addition,	we	sold	warrants	whereby	the	holders	of	the	warrants
have	the	option	to	purchase	initially	(subject	to	adjustment	for	certain	specified	events)	a	total	of	approximately	2.2	million	shares	of	our	common	stock	at	a	price	of	$512.66	for	the	2019	Notes	and	a	total	of	approximately	3.3	million	shares	of
our	common	stock	at	a	price	of	$560.64	per	share	for	2021	Notes.	We	received	$338.4	million	in	cash	proceeds	from	the	sale	of	these	warrants.	Similarly,	in	connection	with	the	issuance	of	additional	notes	in	April	2014,	we	entered	into
convertible	note	hedge	transactions	and	paid	an	aggregate	$78.7
	
million.	In	addition,	we	sold	warrants	to	purchase	(subject	to	adjustment	for	certain	specified	events)	a	total	of	approximately	0.3	million	shares	of	our	common	stock	at	a	price	of
$512.66	per	share	for	the	warrants	relating	to	2019	Notes,	and	a	total	of	approximately	
0.5
	million	shares	of	our	common	stock	at	a	strike	price	of	$
560.64
	per	share	for	the	warrants	relating	to	2021	Notes.	We	received	aggregate	proceeds	of
approximately	$50.8	million	from	the	sale	of	the	warrants.	Taken	together,	the	purchase	of	the	convertible	note	hedges	and	the	sale	of	warrants	are	intended	to	reduce	potential	dilution	and/or	offset	potential	cash	payments	upon	the	conversion
of	these	notes	and	to	effectively	increase	the	overall	conversion	price	from	$359.87	to	$512.66	per	share	in	the	case	of	warrants	relating	to	2019	Notes	and	from	$359.87	to	$560.64	in	the	case	of	warrants	relating	to	2021	Notes.	As	these
transactions	meet	certain	accounting	criteria,	the	convertible	note	hedges	and	warrants	are	recorded	in	stockholders’	equity	and	are	not	accounted	for	as	derivatives.	The	net	cost	incurred	in	connection	with	the	convertible	note	hedge	and
warrant	transactions	was	recorded	as	a	reduction	to	additional	paid-in	capital	on	the	Consolidated	Balance	Sheet	as	of	December	31,	2016.
1.50%	Convertible	Senior	Notes	due	in	2018	and	Bond	Hedge	and	Warrant	Transactions
In	May	2013,	we	issued	$660.0	million	aggregate	principal	amount	of	2018	Notes	in	a	public	offering.	The	net	proceeds	from	the	offering,	after	deducting	transaction	costs,	were	approximately	$648.0	million.	We	incurred
$12.0	million	of	debt	issuance	costs	in	connection	with	the	issuance	of	the	2018	Notes	and	are	amortizing	to	interest	expense	using	the	effective	interest	method	over	the	contractual	term	of	the	2018	Notes.	The	interest	under	the	2018	Notes	is
fixed	at	1.50%	per	annum	and	is	payable	semi-annually	in	arrears	on	June	1	and	December	1	of	each	year,	commencing	on	December	1,	2013.		
	
Each	$1,000	of	principal	of	the	2018	Notes	is	initially	convertible	into	8.0306	shares	of	our	common	stock,	which	is	equivalent	to	an	initial	conversion	price	of	approximately	$124.52	per	share,	subject	to	adjustment	upon	the
occurrence	of	specified	events.	Holders	of	the	2018	Notes	may	convert	their	2018	Notes	at	their	option	on	or	after	March	1,	2018.	Further,	holders	of	the	2018	Notes	may	convert	their	2018	Notes	at	their	option	prior	to	March	1,	2018,	only
under	the	following	circumstances:	(1)	during	any	fiscal	quarter	beginning	after	the	fiscal	quarter	ending	September	30,	2013,	if	the	last	reported	sale	price	of	our	common	stock	for	at	least	20	trading	days	(whether	or	not	consecutive)	during
the	last	30	consecutive	trading	days	of	the	immediately	preceding	fiscal	quarter	is	greater	than	or	equal	to	130%	of	the	conversion	price	on	each	applicable	trading	day;	(2)	during	the	five	business	day	period	following	any	five	consecutive
trading	day	period	in	which	the	trading	price	for	the	2018	Notes	is	less	than	98%	of	the	average	of	the	closing	sale	price	of	our	common	stock	for	each	day	during	such	five	trading	day	period;	or	(3)	if	we	make	specified	distributions	to	holders	of
our	common	stock	or	if	specified	corporate	transactions	occur.	Upon	conversion,	we	would	pay	the	holders	in	cash	for	the	principal	amount	of	the	2018	Notes	and,	if	applicable,	shares	of	our	common	stock	(subject	to	our	right	to	deliver	cash	in
lieu	of	all	or	a	portion	of	such	shares	of	our	common	stock)	based	on	a	calculated	daily	conversion	value.	If	a	fundamental	change	occurs	prior	to	the	maturity	date,	holders	of	the	2018	Notes	may	require	us	to	repurchase	all	or	a	portion	of	their
2018	Notes	for	cash	at	a	repurchase	price	equal	to	100%	of	the	principal	amount	of	the	2018	Notes,	plus	any	accrued	and	unpaid	interest.	In	addition,	if	specific	corporate	events	occur	prior	to	the	maturity	date,	we	will	increase	the	conversion
rate	for	a	holder	who	elects	to	convert	its	2018	Notes	in	connection	with	such	a	corporate	event	in	certain	circumstances.
	
As	of	December	31,	2015,	the	carrying	value	and	the	outstanding	principal	of	our	2018	Notes	are	$612.5	million	and	$659.8	million,	respectively.		
	
In	accordance	with	accounting	guidance	on	embedded	conversion	features,	we	valued	and	bifurcated	the	conversion	option	associated	with	the	2018	Notes	from	the	host	debt	instrument	and	recorded	the	conversion	option	of	$82.8
million	in	stockholders’	equity.	The	resulting	debt	discount	on	the	2018	Notes	is	being	amortized	to	interest	expense	at	an	effective	interest	rate	of	4.29%	over	the	contractual	term	of	the	2018	Notes.
	
	
83	
In	connection	with	the	offering	of	the	2018	Notes,	we	entered	into	convertible	note	hedge	transactions	whereby	we	had	the	option	to	purchase	initially	(subject	to	
certain
	specified	events)	a	total	of	approximately	5.3	million	shares	of
our	common	stock	at	a	price	of	approximately	$124.52	per	share.	The	cost	of	the	convertible	note	hedge	transactions	was	$177.5	million.	In	addition,	we	sold	warrants	whereby	the	holders	of	the	warrants	have	the	option	to	purchase	initially
(subject	to	certain	specified	events)	a	total	of	approximately	5.3	million	shares	of	our	common	stock	at	a	price	of	$184.48	per	share.	We	received	$
120
.3	million	in	cash	proceeds	from	the	sale	of	these	warrants.	Taken	together,	the	purchase	of
the	convertible	note	hedges	and	the	sale	of	warrants	are	intended	to	offset	any	actual	dilution	from	the	conversion	of	the	2018	Notes	and	to	effectively	increase	the	overall	conversion	price	from	$124.52	to	$184.48	per	share.	As	these
transactions	meet	certain	accounting	criteria,	the	convertible	note	hedges	and	warrants	are	recorded	in	stockholders’	equity	and	are	not	accounted	for	as	derivatives.	The	net	cost	incurred	in	connection	with	the	convertible	note	hedge	and
warrant	transactions	was	recorded	as	a	reduction	to	additional	paid-in	capital	on	the	Consolidated	Balance	Sheet	as	of	December	31,	2016.
	
During	the	fourth	quarter	of	fiscal	
2016
,	the	closing	price	of	our	common	stock	exceeded	130%	of	the	applicable	conversion	price	of	our	2018	Notes	on	at	least	20	of	the	last	30	consecutive	trading	days	of	such	quarter;	therefore,
holders	of	2018	Notes	may	convert	their	notes	during	the	first	quarter	of	fiscal	2017.	As	such,	we	classified	the	$196.2	million	carrying	value	of	our	2018	Notes	as	current	liabilities	and	classified	$8.8	million,	representing	the	difference	between
the	aggregate	principal	of	our	2018	Notes	of	$205.0	million	and	the	carrying	value	of	2018	Notes,	as	mezzanine	equity	on	our	Consolidated	Balance	Sheet	as	of	December	31,	2016.	Should	the	closing	price	conditions	be	met	in	a	future	quarter,
2018	Notes	will	be	convertible	at	their	holders’	option	during	the	immediately	following	quarter.		
During	fiscal	2016,	we	repaid	$454.7	million	in	aggregate	principal	amount	of	our	2018	Notes	pursuant	to	conversions	by	their	holders.		As	of	December	31,	2016,	we	had	remaining	outstanding	$205.0	million	in	aggregate	principal
amount	of	the	2018	Notes.	As	of	December	31,	2016,	there	were	also	outstanding	a	corresponding	amount	of	convertible	note	hedge	transactions,	as	well	as	warrants	to	issue	up	to	2.2	million	shares	at	$184.48	per	share	as	of	December	31,
2016,	in	each	case	issued	in	connection	with	the	offering	of	the	2018	Notes.		
Asset-Based	Credit	Agreement
In	June	2015,	we	entered	into	a	senior	secured	asset-based	revolving	credit	agreement	(the	“Credit	Agreement”)	with	a	syndicate	of	banks.	The	Credit	Agreement	provides	for	a	senior	secured	asset-based	revolving	credit	facility	(the
“Credit	Facility”),	which	we	may	draw	upon	as	needed.	In	October	2015,	lenders	increased	their	total	funding	commitments	to	us	under	the	Credit	Facility	by	up	to	an	additional	$250.0	million,	subject	to	certain	conditions,	for	total	commitments
up	to	$750	million.	In	addition,	the	Credit	Agreement	provides	for	a	$200.0	million	letter	of	credit	sub-facility	and	a	$40.0	million	swing-line	loan	sub-facility.	The	Credit	Agreement	is	collateralized	by	a	pledge	of	certain	of	our	accounts
receivable,	inventory,	and	equipment,	and	availability	under	the	Credit	Agreement	is	based	on	the	value	of	such	assets,	as	reduced	by	certain	reserves.	During	fiscal	2016,	we	amended	the	Credit	Agreement	and	increased	the	availability	and	the
commitments	under	the	Credit	Agreement	from	$750.0	million	to	$1.2	billion.
	
Borrowed	funds	bear	interest,	at	our	option,	at	an	annual	rate	of	(a)	1%	plus	LIBOR	or	(b)	the	highest	of	(i)	the	federal	funds	rate	plus	0.50%,	(ii)	the	lenders	“prime	rate”	or	(iii)	1%	plus	LIBOR.	The	fee	for	undrawn	amounts	is	0.25%
per	annum.	Interest	is	payable	quarterly.	The	Credit	Agreement	terminates,	and	all	outstanding	loans	become	due	and	payable,	in	June	2020.	
As	of	December	31,	2016,	we	had	$
969.0	
million	borrowings	under	the	Credit	Facility	and	zero
borrowings	under	the	swing-line	loan	sub-facility.
	
As	of	December	31,	2015,	we	had	$135.0	million	in	borrowings	under	the	Credit	Facility.
	
We	are	required	to	meet	various	covenants,	including	meeting	certain	reporting	requirements,	such	as	the	completion	and	presentation	of	audited	Consolidated	Financial	Statements	for	our	borrowings.	As	of	December	31,	2016	we
were	in	compliance	with	all	covenants	contained	in	the	Credit	Agreement.
Assumed	Debt	from	our	SolarCity	Acquisition:
Secured	Revolving	Credit	Facility
SolarCity
	has	entered	into	a	revolving	credit	agreement	with	a	syndicate	of	banks	to	fund	working	capital,	letters	of	credit	and	general	corporate	needs.	Borrowed	funds	bear	interest,	at	our	option,	at	an	annual	rate	of	(a)	3.25%	plus
LIBOR	or	(b)	2.25%	plus	the	highest	of	(i)	the	federal	funds	rate	plus	0.50%,	(ii)	Bank	of	America’s	published	“prime	rate”	or	(iii)	LIBOR	plus	1.00%.	The	fee	for	undrawn	commitments	is	0.375%	per	annum.	The	secured	revolving	credit	facility	is
secured	by	certain	of	SolarCity’s	accounts	receivable,	inventory,	machinery,	equipment	and	other	assets.
	
84	
Vehicle	and	Other	Loans
SolarCity	has	entered	into	various	vehicle	and	other	loan	agreements	with	various	financial	institutions.	The	vehicle	loans	are	secured	by	the	vehicles	financed.
	
	
2.75%	Convertible	Senior	Notes	Due	In	2018
	
In	October	2013,	SolarCity	issued	$230.0	million	in	aggregate	principal	of	2.75%	convertible	senior	notes	due	on	November	1,	2018	through	a	public	offering.
	
Each	$1,000	of	principal	of	the	convertible	senior	notes	is	now	convertible	into	1.7838	shares	of	our	common	stock,	which	is	equivalent	to	a	conversion	price	of	$560.64	per	share,	subject	to	adjustment	upon	the	occurrence	of	specified
events	related	to	dividends,	tender	offers	or	exchange	offers.	Holders	of	the	convertible	senior	notes	may	convert	their	convertible	senior	notes	at	their	option	at	any	time	up	to	and	including	the	second	scheduled	trading	day	prior	to	maturity.	If
certain	events	that	would	constitute	a	make-whole	fundamental	change,	such	as	significant	changes	in	ownership,	corporate	structure	or	tradability	of	our	common	stock,	occur	prior	to	the	maturity	date,	we	would	increase	the	conversion	rate	for
a	holder	who	elects	to	convert	its	convertible	senior	notes	in	connection	with	such	an	event	in	certain	circumstances.	The	maximum	conversion	rate	is	capped	at	2.3635	shares	for	each	$1,000	of	principal	of	the	convertible	senior	notes,	which	is
equivalent	to	a	minimum	conversion	price	of	$423.10	per	share.	The	convertible	senior	notes	do	not	have	a	cash	conversion	option.	The	convertible	senior	note	holders	may	require	us	to	repurchase	their	convertible	senior	notes	for	cash	only
under	certain	defined	fundamental	changes.
	
1.625%	Convertible	Senior	Notes	Due	in	2019
	
In	September	2014,	SolarCity	issued	$500.0	million	and	in	October	2014,	SolarCity	issued	an	additional	$66.0	million	in	aggregate	principal	of	1.625%	convertible	senior	notes	due	on	November	1,	2019	through	a	private	placement
	
Each	$1,000	of	principal	of	the	convertible	senior	notes	is	now	convertible	into	1.3169	shares	of	our	common	stock,	which	is	equivalent	to	a	conversion	price	of	$759.36	per	share,	subject	to	the	same	adjustment	mechanism	as
discussed	above.	The	maximum	conversion	rate	is	capped	at	1.7449	shares	for	each	$1,000	of	principal	of	the	convertible	senior	notes,	which	is	equivalent	to	a	minimum	conversion	price	of	$573.10	per	share.	The	convertible	senior	notes	do	not
have	a	cash	conversion	option.	The	convertible	senior	note	holders	may	require	us	to	repurchase	their	convertible	senior	notes	for	cash	only	under	certain	defined	fundamental	changes.
	
In	connection	with	the	issuance	of	the	convertible	senior	notes	in	September	2014	and	in	October	2014,	SolarCity	entered	into	capped	call	option	agreements	to	reduce	the	potential	equity	dilution	upon	conversion	of	the	convertible
senior	notes.	Specifically,	upon	the	exercise	of	the	capped	call	options,	we	would	now	receive	shares	of	our	common	stock	equal	to	745,377	shares	multiplied	by	(a)	(i)	the	lower	of	$1,146.18	or	the	then	market	price	of	our	common	stock	less	(ii)
$759.36	and	divided	by	(b)	the	then	market	price	of	our	common	stock.	The	results	of	this	formula	are	that	we	would	receive	more	shares	as	the	market	price	of	our	common	stock	exceeds	$759.36	and	approaches	$1,146.18,	but	we	would
receive	fewer	shares	as	the	market	price	of	our	common	stock	exceeds	$1,146.18.	Consequently,	if	the	convertible	senior	notes	are	converted,	then	the	number	of	shares	to	be	issued	by	us	would	be	effectively	partially	offset	by	the	shares
received	by	us	under	the	capped	call	options	as	they	are	exercised.	We	can	also	elect	to	receive	the	equivalent	value	of	cash	in	lieu	of	shares.	The	capped	call	options	expire	on	various	dates	ranging	from	September	4,	2019	to	October	29,	2019,
and	the	formula	above	would	be	adjusted	in	the	event	of	a	merger;	a	tender	offer;	nationalization;	insolvency;	delisting	of	our	common	stock;	changes	in	law;	failure	to	deliver;	insolvency	filing;	stock	splits,	combinations,	dividends,	repurchases	or
similar	events;	or	an	announcement	of	certain	of	the	preceding	actions.	Although	intended	to	reduce	the	net	number	of	shares	issued	after	a	conversion	of	the	convertible	senior	notes,	the	capped	call	options	were	separately	negotiated
transactions,	are	not	a	part	of	the	terms	of	the	convertible	senior	notes,	do	not	affect	the	rights	of	the	convertible	senior	note	holders	and	will	take	effect	regardless	of	whether	the	convertible	senior	notes	are	actually	converted.	The	capped	call
options	meet	the	criteria	for	equity	classification	because	they	are	indexed	to	our	common	stock	and	we	always	control	whether	settlement	will	be	in	shares	or	cash.
	
Zero-Coupon	Convertible	Senior	Notes	Due	in	2020
	
In	December	2015,	SolarCity	issued	$113.0	million	in	aggregate	principal	of	zero-coupon	convertible	senior	notes	due	on	December	1,	2020	through	a	private	placement.	$13.0	million	of	the	convertible	senior	notes	were	issued	to
related	parties	and	are	separately	presented	on	the	Consolidated	Balance	Sheets	(see	Note	21,	
Related	Party	Transactions
).
	
	
85	
Each	$1,000	of	principal	of	the	convertible	senior	notes	is	now	convertible	into	3.3333	shares	of	our	common	stock,	which	is	equivalent	to	a	conversion	price	of	$300.00	per	share,	subject	to	the	same	adjustment	mechanism	as
discussed	above.	The	maximum	conversion	rate	is	capped	at	4.2308	shares	for	each	$1,000	of	principal	of	the	convertible	senior	notes,	which	is	equivalent	to	a	minimum	conversion	price	of	$236.36	per	share.	The	convertible	senior	notes	do	not
have	a	cash	conversion	option.	The	convertible	senior	note	holders	may	require	us	to	repurchase	their	convertible	senior	notes	for	cash	only	under	certain	defined	fundamental	changes.	On	or	after	June	30,	2017,	the	convertible	senior	notes	will
be	redeemable	by	us	in	the	event	that	the	closing	price	of	our	common	stock	exceeds	200%	of	the	conversion	price	for	45	consecutive	trading	days	ending	within	three	trading	days	of	such	redemption	notice	at	a	redemption	price	of	par	plus
accrued	and	unpaid	interest	to,	but	excluding,	the	redemption	date
Solar	Bonds
	
In	October	2014,	SolarCity	commenced	issuing	Solar	Bonds,	which	are	senior	unsecured	obligations	of	SolarCity	that	are	structurally	subordinate	to	the	indebtedness	and	other	liabilities	of	SolarCity’s	subsidiaries.	Solar	Bonds	have
been	issued	under	multiple	series	that	have	various	fixed	terms	and	interest	rates.	In	September	2015,	SolarCity	commenced	issuing	Solar	Bonds	with	variable	interest	rates	that	reset	quarterly	and	that	can	be	redeemed	quarterly	at	the	option
of	the	bondholder	or	us,	with	30-day	advance	notice.
	
In	March	2016,	Space	Exploration	Technologies	Corporation,	or	SpaceX,	purchased	$90.0	million	in	aggregate	principal	amount	of	4.40%	Solar	Bonds	due	in	March	2017.	In	June	2016,	SpaceX	purchased	an	additional	$75.0	million	in
aggregate	principal	amount	of	4.40%	Solar	Bonds	due	in	June	2017.
	
In	August	2016,	our	Chief	Executive	Officer,	SolarCity’s	Chief	Executive	Officer	and	SolarCity’s	Chief	Technology	Officer	purchased	$100.0	million	in	aggregate	principal	amount	of	6.50%	Solar	Bonds	due	in	February	2018
	
SpaceX,	our	Chief	Executive	Officer,	SolarCity’s	Chief	Executive	Officer	and	SolarCity’s	Chief	Technology	Officer	were	considered	related	parties;	SolarCity	has	also	issued	Solar	Bonds	to	other	related	parties;	and	such	Solar	Bonds
are	separately	presented	on	the	Consolidated	Balance	Sheets	(see	Note	21,	
Related	Party	Transactions
).
	
Non-Recourse	Debt	Facilities
Canada	Credit	Agreement
	
In	December	2016,	we	entered	into	a	Credit	Agreement	with	Royal	Bank	of	Canada	(the	“Canada	Credit	Agreement”).	Under	the	Credit	Agreement,	we	borrowed	$67.3	million	which	is	secured	by	an	interest	in	certain	vehicle	leases.
Amount	drawn	under	the	Canada	Credit	agreement	has	a	rate	range	of	3.6%	to	4.5%	and	are	subject	to	various	
customary	events	of	default,	covenants	and	limitations,	including	an	advance	rate	limit	and	a	required	reserve	account.		The	term	of
the	loan	is	reflective	of	the	term	of	the	underlying	vehicle	leases,	up	to	48	months.		
Warehouse	Agreement
	
In	August	2016,	we	entered	into	a	Loan	and	Security	Agreement	(the	“Warehouse	Agreement”)	with	Deutsche	Bank	as	administrative	agent	and	a	committed	lender.		Under	the	Warehouse	Agreement,	which	supports	the	Tesla	Finance
direct	vehicle	leasing	program,	and	is	secured	by	an	interest	in	certain	leases	and	vehicles	under	such	program,	we	were	initially	entitled	to	borrow	up	to	$300.0	million	in	total	principal	amount.	
In	December	2016,	we	amended	the	Warehouse
Agreement	and	increased	the	total	facility	limit	to	$600.0	million.	
Subject	to	extension	in	accordance	with	the	terms	of	the	Warehouse	Agreement,	the	ability	to	draw	under	the	Warehouse	Agreement	expires	on	August	31,	2017,	and	the	full
amount	outstanding	under	the	Warehouse	Agreement	is	due	September	20,	2018.	As	of	December	31,	2016,	we	had	$
390.0
	million	in	borrowings	outstanding	under	the	Warehouse	Agreement.
	
Amounts	drawn	under	the	Warehouse	Agreement	generally	bear	interest	at	a	rate	based	on	LIBOR	plus	a	fixed	margin.	We	are	subject	to	various	customary	events	of	default	and	financial,	lease	portfolio	performance	and	other
covenants	and	limitations,	including	an	advance	rate	limit,	a	required	reserve	account,		and	various	performance	triggers	and	excess	concentration	limits.
	
Pursuant	to	the	Warehouse	Agreement,	an	undivided	beneficial	interest	in	the	future	cash	flows	arising	from	certain	leases	and	the	related	leased	vehicles	has	been	sold	for	legal	purposes	but	continues	to	be	reported	in	our
consolidated	financial	statements.		The	interest	in	the	future	cash	flows	arising	from	these	leases	and	the	related	vehicles	is	not	available	to	pay	the	claims	of	our	creditors	other	than	pursuant	to	obligations	to	the	lenders	under	the	Warehouse
Agreement.	We	retain	the	right	to	receive	the	excess	cash	flows	not	needed	to	pay	obligations	under	the	Warehouse	Agreement.
	
	
	
86	
Assumed	Debt	from	our	SolarCity	Acquisition
:
Term	Loan	Due	in	December	2017
	
On	March	31,	2016,	a	subsidiary	of	SolarCity	entered	into	an	agreement	for	a	term	loan	of	$50.0	million.	The	term	loan	bears	interest	at	an	annual	rate	of	the	lender’s	cost	of	funds	plus	3.25%.	The	fee	for	undrawn	commitments	is
0.85%	per	annum.	The	term	loan	is	secured	by	substantially	all	of	the	assets	and	cash	flows	of	the	subsidiary	and	is	non-recourse	to	our	other	assets	or	cash	flows.
Term	Loan	Due	in	January	2021
	
In	January	2016,	a	subsidiary	of	SolarCity	entered	into	an	agreement	with	a	syndicate	of	banks	for	a	term	loan	of	$160.0	million.	The	term	loan	bears	interest	at	an	annual	rate	of	three-month	LIBOR	plus	3.50%.	The	term	loan	is
secured	by	substantially	all	of	the	assets	of	the	subsidiary,	including	its	interests	in	certain	financing	funds,	and	is	non-recourse	to	our	other	assets.
MyPower	Revolving	Credit	Facility
	
On	January	9,	2015,	a	subsidiary	of	SolarCity	entered	into	a	$200.0	million	revolving	credit	agreement	with	a	syndicate	of	banks	to	obtain	funding	for	the	MyPower	customer	loan	program.	The	MyPower	revolving	credit	facility	initially
provided	up	to	$160.0	million	of	Class	A	notes	and	up	to	$40.0	million	of	Class	B	notes.	The	Class	A	notes	bear	interest	at	an	annual	rate	of	(i)	for	the	first	$160.0	million,	2.50%	and	(ii)	for	the	remaining	$40.0	million,	3.00%;	in	each	case,	plus	(a)
the	commercial	paper	rate	or	(b)	1.50%	plus	adjusted	LIBOR.	The	Class	B	notes	bear	interest	at	an	annual	rate	of	5.00%	plus	LIBOR.	The	fee	for	undrawn	commitments	under	the	Class	A	notes	is	0.50%	per	annum	for	the	first	$160.0	million	of
undrawn	commitments	and	0.75%	per	annum	for	the	remaining	$40.0	million	of	undrawn	commitments,	if	any.	The	fee	for	undrawn	commitments	under	the	Class	B	notes	is	0.50%	per	annum.	The	MyPower	revolving	credit	facility	is	secured	by
the	payments	owed	to	SolarCity	or	its	subsidiaries	under	MyPower	customer	loans	and	is	non-recourse	to	our	other	assets.	On	January	27	2017,	the	MyPower	revolving	credit	facility	matured,	and	the	total	outstanding	principal	amount	was	fully
repaid.
Revolving	Aggregation	Credit	Facility
	
On	May	4,	2015,	a	subsidiary	of	SolarCity	entered	into	an	agreement	with	a	syndicate	of	banks	for	a	revolving	aggregation	credit	facility	with	a	total	committed	amount	of	$500.0	million.	On	March	23,	2016,	the	agreement	was
amended	to	modify	the	interest	rates,	extend	the	availability	period	and	extend	the	maturity	date.	The	revolving	aggregation	credit	facility	bears	interest	at	an	annual	rate	of	3.25%	plus	(i)	for	commercial	paper	loans,	the	commercial	paper	rate
and	(ii)	for	LIBOR	loans,	at	our	option,	three-month	LIBOR	or	daily	LIBOR.	The	revolving	aggregation	credit	facility	is	secured	by	certain	assets	and	cash	flows	of	certain	subsidiaries	of	SolarCity	and	is	non-recourse	to	our	other	assets	or	cash
flows.
Solar	Renewable	Energy	Credit	Term	Loan
	
On	March	31,	2016,	a	subsidiary	of	SolarCity	entered	into	an	agreement	for	a	term	loan	of	$15.0	million.	
The	term	loan	bears	interest	at	an	annual	rate	of	one-month	LIBOR	plus	9.00%	or,	at	our	option,	8.00%	plus	the	highest	of	(i)	the
Federal	Funds	Rate	plus	0.50%,	(ii)	the	prime	rate	or	(iii)	one-month	LIBOR	plus	1.00%.	The	term	loan	is	secured	by	substantially	all	of	the	assets	of	the	subsidiary,	including	its	rights	under	forward	contracts	to	sell	solar	renewable	energy
credits,	and	is	non-recourse	to	our	other	assets.
	
On	July	14,	2016,	the	same	subsidiary	entered	into	an	agreement	for	another	term	loan	with	a	total	committed	amount	of	$36.4	million.	The	term	loan	bears	interest	at	an	annual	rate	of	one-month	LIBOR	plus	5.75%	or,	at	our	option,
4.75%	plus	the	highest	of	(i)	the	Federal	Funds	Rate	plus	0.50%,	(ii)	the	prime	rate	or	(iii)	one-month	LIBOR	plus	1.00%.	The	term	loan	is	secured	by	substantially	all	of	the	assets	of	the	subsidiary,	including	its	rights	under	forward	contracts	to
sell	solar	renewable	energy	credits,	and	is	non-recourse	to	our	other	assets.
	
From	the	acquisition	date	through	December	31,
	2016,	SolarCity	repaid	$1.3	million	of	the	principal	outstanding	under	the	term	loans.
Cash	Equity	Debt	I
	
In	connection	with	the	cash	equity	financing	on	May	2,	2016,	SolarCity	issued	$121.7	million	in	aggregate	principal	of	debt	that	bears	interest	at	a	fixed	rate	of	5.65%	per	annum.	This	debt	is	secured	by,	among	other	things,	the
interests	in	certain	financing	funds	and	is	non-recourse	to	our	other	assets.
	
	
87	
Cash	Equity	Debt	II
	
In	connection	with	the	cash	equity	financing	on	September	8,	2016,	SolarCity	issued	$210.0	million	in	aggregate	principal	of	debt	that	bears	interest	at	a	fixed	rate	of	5.25%	per	annum.	This	debt	is	secured	by,	among	other	things,	the
interests	in	certain	financing	funds	and	is	non-recourse	to	our	other	assets.
	
Cash	Equity	Debt	III
In	connection	with	the	cash	equity	financing	on	December	16,	2016,	we	issued	$170.0	million	in	aggregate	principal	of	debt	that	bears	interest	at	a	fixed	rate	of	5.81%	per	annum.	This	debt	is	secured	by,	among	other	things,	our
interests	in	certain	financing	funds	and	is	non-recourse	to	our	other	assets.
	
Solar	Asset-backed	Notes,	Series	2013-1
	
In	November	2013,	SolarCity	pooled	and	transferred	qualifying	solar	energy	systems	and	the	associated	customer	contracts	into	a	Special	Purpose	Entity	(SPE)	and	issued	$54.4	million	in	aggregate	principal	of	Solar	Asset-backed
Notes,	Series	2013-1,	backed	by	these	solar	assets	to	investors.	The	SPE	is	wholly	owned	by	SolarCity	and	is	consolidated	in	our	financial	statements.		As	of	December	31,	2016,	these	solar	assets	had	a	carrying	value	of	$93.0	million	and	are
included	under	solar	energy	systems,	leased	and	to	be	leased,	net,	in	the	Consolidated	Balance	Sheets.	The	Solar	Asset-backed	Notes	were	issued	at	a	discount	of	0.05%.	The	cash	flows	generated	by	these	solar	assets	are	used	to	service	the
monthly	principal	and	interest	payments	on	the	Solar	Asset-backed	Notes	and	satisfy	the	SPE’s	expenses,	and	any	remaining	cash	is	distributed	to	a	wholly	owned	subsidiary	of	ours.	We	recognize	revenue	earned	from	the	associated	customer
contracts	in	accordance	with	our	revenue	recognition	policy.	The	SPE’s	assets	and	cash	flows	are	not	available	to	the	other	creditors	of	ours,	and	the	creditors	of	the	SPE,	including	the	Solar	Asset-backed	Note	holders,	have	no	recourse	to	our
other	assets.	SolarCity	contracted	with	the	SPE	to	provide	operations	and	maintenance	and	administrative	services	for	the	qualifying	solar	energy	systems.
	
In	connection	with	the	pooling	of	the	assets	that	were	transferred	to	the	SPE	in	November	2013,	SolarCity	terminated	a	lease	pass-through	arrangement	with	an	investor.	The	lease	pass-through	arrangement	had	been	accounted	for
as	a	borrowing	and	any	amounts	outstanding	from	the	lease	pass-through	arrangement	were	recorded	as	a	lease	pass-through	financing	obligation.	The	balance	that	was	then	outstanding	from	the	lease	pass-through	arrangement	was	$56.4
million.	SolarCity	paid	the	investor	an	aggregate	of	$40.2	million,	and	the	remaining	balance	is	to	be	paid	over	time.	The	remaining	balance	is	paid	using	the	net	cash	flows	generated	by	the	same	assets	previously	leased	under	the	lease	pass-
through	arrangement,	after	payment	of	the	principal	and	interest	on	the	Solar	Asset-backed	Notes	and	expenses	related	to	the	assets	and	the	Notes,	including	asset	management	fees,	custodial	fees	and	trustee	fees,	and	was	contractually
documented	as	a	right	to	participate	in	future	cash	flows	of	the	SPE.	This	right	to	participate	in	future	residual	cash	flows	generated	by	the	assets	of	the	SPE	(Participating	interest)	has	been	recorded	as	a	component	of	other	long-term	liabilities
for	the	noncurrent	portion	and	as	a	component	of	accrued	liabilities	for	the	current	portion.	We	account	for	the	participation	interest	as	a	liability	because	the	investor	has	no	voting	or	management	rights	in	the	SPE,	the	participation	interest
would	terminate	upon	the	investor	achieving	a	specified	return	and	the	investor	has	the	option	to	put	the	participation	interest	to	us	on	August	3,	2021	for	the	amount	necessary	for	the	investor	to	achieve	the	specified	return,	which	would
require	us	to	settle	the	participation	interest	in	cash.	In	addition,	under	the	terms	of	the	participation	interest,	we	have	the	option	to	purchase	the	participation	interest	from	the	investor	for	the	amount	necessary	for	the	investor	to	achieve	the
specified	return.
	
Solar	Asset-backed	Notes,	2014-1
	
In	April	2014,	SolarCity	pooled	and	transferred	qualifying	solar	energy	systems	and	the	associated	customer	contracts	into	a	SPE	and	issued	$70.2	million	in	aggregate	principal	of	Solar	Asset-backed	Notes,	Series	2014-1,	backed	by
these	solar	assets	to	investors.	The	SPE	is	wholly	owned	by	SolarCity	and	is	consolidated	in	our	financial	statements.	As	of	December	31,	2016,	these	solar	assets	had	a	carrying	value	of	$113.6	million	and	are	included	under	solar	energy
systems,	leased	and	to	be	leased,	net,	in	the	Consolidated	Balance	Sheets.	The	Solar	Asset-backed	Notes	were	issued	at	a	discount	of	0.01%.	The	cash	flows	generated	by	these	solar	assets	are	used	to	service	the	monthly	principal	and	interest
payments	on	the	Solar	Asset-backed	Notes	and	satisfy	the	SPE’s	expenses,	and	any	remaining	cash	is	distributed	to	a	wholly	owned	subsidiary	of	ours.	We	recognize	revenue	earned	from	the	associated	customer	contracts	in	accordance	with	our
revenue	recognition	policy.	The	SPE’s	assets	and	cash	flows	are	not	available	to	the	other	creditors	of	ours,	and	the	creditors	of	the	SPE,	including	the	Solar	Asset-backed	Note	holders,	have	no	recourse	to	our	other	assets.	SolarCity	contracted
with	the	SPE	to	provide	operations	and	maintenance	and	administrative	services	for	the	qualifying	solar	energy	systems.
	
	
88	
Solar	Asset-backed	Notes,	Series	2014-2
	
In	July	2014,	SolarCity	pooled	and	transferred	qualifying	solar	energy	systems	and	the	associated	customer	contracts	into	a	SPE	and	issued	$160.0	million	in	aggregate	principal	of	Solar	Asset-backed	Notes,	Series	2014-2,	Class	A,	and
$41.5	million	in	aggregate	principal	of	Solar	Asset-backed	Notes,	Series	2014-2,	Class	B,	backed	by	these	solar	assets	to	investors.	The	SPE	is	wholly	owned	by	SolarCity	and	is	consolidated	in	our	financial	statements.	As	of	December	31,	2016,
these	solar	assets	had	a	carrying	value	of	$265.6	million	and	are	included	under	solar	energy	systems,	leased	and	to	be	leased	—	net,	in	the	Consolidated	Balance	Sheets.	The	Solar	Asset-backed	Notes	were	issued	at	a	discount	of	0.01%.	These
solar	assets	and	the	associated	customer	contracts	are	leased	to	an	investor	under	a	lease	pass-through	arrangement	that	we	have	accounted	for	as	a	borrowing.	The	rent	paid	by	the	investor	under	the	lease	pass-through	arrangement	is	used
(and,	following	the	expiration	of	the	lease	pass-through	arrangement,	the	cash	generated	by	these	solar	assets	will	be	used)	to	service	the	semi-annual	principal	and	interest	payments	on	the	Solar	Asset-backed	Notes	and	satisfy	the	SPE’s
expenses,	and	any	remaining	cash	is	distributed	to	a	wholly	owned	subsidiary	of	ours.	We	recognize	revenue	earned	from	the	associated	customer	contracts	in	accordance	with	our	revenue	recognition	policy.	The	SPE’s	assets	and	cash	flows	are
not	available	to	the	other	creditors	of	ours,	and	the	creditors	of	the	SPE,	including	the	Solar	Asset-backed	Note	holders,	have	no	recourse	to	our	other	assets.	SolarCity	contracted	with	the	SPE	to	provide	operations	and	maintenance	and
administrative	services	for	certain	of	the	qualifying	solar	energy	systems.
	
Solar	Asset-backed	Notes,	Series	2015-1
	
In	August	2015,	SolarCity	pooled	and	transferred	its	interests	in	certain	financing	funds	into	a	SPE	and	issued	$103.5	million	in	aggregate	principal	of	Solar	Asset-backed	Notes,	Series	2015-1,	Class	A,	and	$20.0	million	in	aggregate
principal	of	Solar	Asset-backed	Notes,	Series	2015-1,	Class	B,	backed	by	these	solar	assets	to	investors.	The	SPE	is	wholly	owned	by	SolarCity	and	is	consolidated	in	our	financial	statements.	The	Solar	Asset-backed	Notes	were	issued	at	a
discount	of	0.05%	for	Class	A	and	1.46%	for	Class	B.	The	cash	distributed	by	the	underlying	financing	funds	to	the	SPE	are	used	to	service	the	semi-annual	principal	and	interest	payments	on	the	Solar	Asset-backed	Notes	and	satisfy	the	SPE’s
expenses,	and	any	remaining	cash	is	distributed	to	a	wholly	owned	subsidiary	of	ours.	The	SPE’s	assets	and	cash	flows	are	not	available	to	the	other	creditors	of	ours,	and	the	creditors	of	the	SPE,	including	the	Solar	Asset-backed	Note	holders,
have	no	recourse	to	our	other	assets.
	
Solar	Asset-backed	Notes,	Series	2016-1
	
In	February	2016,	SolarCity	transferred	qualifying	solar	energy	systems	and	the	associated	customer	contracts	into	a	SPE	and	issued	$52.2	million	in	aggregate	principal	of	Solar	Asset-backed	Notes,	Series	2016-1,	backed	by	these
solar	assets	to	investors.	The	SPE	is	wholly	owned	by	SolarCity	and	is	consolidated	in	our	financial	statements.	As	of	December	31,	2016,	these	solar	assets	had	a	carrying	value	of	$87.7	million	and	are	included	under	solar	energy	systems,
leased	and	to	be	leased,	net,	in	the	Consolidated	Balance	Sheets.	The	Solar	Asset-backed	Notes	were	issued	at	a	discount	of	6.71%.	These	solar	assets	and	the	associated	customer	contracts	are	leased	to	an	investor	under	a	lease	pass-through
arrangement	that	we	have	accounted	for	as	a	borrowing.	The	rent	paid	by	the	investor	under	the	lease	pass-through	arrangement	is	used	(and,	following	the	expiration	of	the	lease	pass-through	arrangement,	the	cash	generated	by	these	solar
assets	will	be	used)	to	service	the	semi-annual	principal	and	interest	payments	on	the	Solar	Asset-backed	Notes	and	satisfy	the	SPE’s	expenses,	and	any	remaining	cash	is	distributed	to	a	wholly	owned	subsidiary	of	ours.	We	recognize	revenue
earned	from	the	associated	customer	contracts	in	accordance	with	our	revenue	recognition	policy.	The	SPE’s	assets	and	cash	flows	are	not	available	to	the	other	creditors	of	ours,	and	the	creditors	of	the	SPE,	including	the	Solar	Asset-backed
Note	holders,	have	no	recourse	to	our	other	assets.	SolarCity	contracted	with	the	SPE	to	provide	operations	and	maintenance	and	administrative	services	for	certain	of	the	qualifying	solar	energy	systems.
	
Solar	Loan-backed	Notes,	Series	2016-A
	
On	January	21,	2016,	SolarCity	pooled	and	transferred	certain	MyPower	customer	notes	receivable	into	a	SPE	and	issued	$151.6	million	in	aggregate	principal	of	Solar	Loan-backed	Notes,	Series	2016-A,	Class	A,	and	$33.4	million	in
aggregate	principal	of	Solar	Loan-backed	Notes,	Series	2016-A,	Class	B,	backed	by	these	notes	receivable	to	investors.	The	SPE	is	wholly	owned	by	us	and	is	consolidated	in	our	financial	statements.	The	Solar	Loan-backed	Notes	were	issued	at	a
discount	of	3.22%	for	Class	A	and	15.90%	for	Class	B.	The	payments	received	by	the	SPE	under	these	notes	receivable	are	used	to	service	the	semi-annual	principal	and	interest	payments	on	the	Solar	Loan-backed	Notes	and	satisfy	the	SPE’s
expenses,	and	any	remaining	cash	is	distributed	to	a	wholly	owned	subsidiary	of	the	Company.	The	SPE’s	assets	and	cash	flows	are	not	available	to	the	other	creditors	of	ours,	and	the	creditors	of	the	SPE,	including	the	Solar	Loan-backed	Note
holders,	have	no	recourse	to	our	other	assets.
	
89	
Interest	Expense
	
The	following	table	presents	the	aggregate	amount	of	interest	expense	recognized	relating	to	the	contractual	interest	coupon	and	amortization	of	the	debt	issuance	costs	and	debt	discount	on	convertible	notes	with	cash	conversion
features,	which	includes	the	2018	Notes,	the	2019	Notes,	and	the	2021	Notes	(in	thousands):
	
	
	
2016
	
	
2015
	
	
2014
	
Contractual	interest	coupon
	
$
27,060
	
	
$
32,061
	
	
$
26,019
	
Amortization	of	debt	issuance	costs
	
	
8,567
	
	
	
8,102
	
	
	
5,288
	
Amortization	of	debt	discount
	
	
99,811
	
	
	
97,786
	
	
	
79,479
	
Total
	
$
135,438
	
	
$
137,949
	
	
$
110,786
	
	
Pledged	Assets
As	of	December	31,	2016	and	2015,	we	have	pledged	or	restricted	$2.30	billion	and	$1.43	billion	principally	from	finished	goods	and	raw	materials	inventory,	as	well	as	certain	property	and	equipment,	direct	lease	vehicles,	receivables
and	cash	as	collateral	for	letters	of	credit	including	our	Credit	Arrangement,	real	estate	leases,	and	insurance	policies.
	
	
Note	14	-	Common	Stock
In	August	2015,	we	completed	a	public	offering	of	common	stock	and	sold	a	total	of	3,099,173	shares	of	our	common	stock	for	total	cash	proceeds	of	approximately	$738.3	million	(which	includes	82,645	shares	or	$20.0	million	sold	to
our	CEO,	net	of	underwriting	discounts	and	offering	costs).
	
In	May	2016,	we	completed	a	public	offering	of	common	stock	and	sold	a	total	of	7,915,004	shares	of	our	common	stock	for	total	cash	proceeds	of	approximately	$1.7	billion,	net	of	underwriting	discounts	and	offering	costs.
	
On	November	21,	2016,	we	completed	the	acquisition	of	SolarCity	(see	Note	3)	and	exchanged	
11,124,497	shares	of	our	common	stock	for	101,131,791	shares	of	SolarCity	common	stock	in	accordance	with	the	terms	of	the	Merger
Agreement.
	
	
Note	15	-	Equity	Incentive	Plans
In	2010,	we	adopted	the	2010	Equity	Incentive	Plan	(the	“2010	Plan”).	The	2010	Plan	provides	for	the	granting	of	stock	options,	RSUs	and	stock	purchase	rights	to	our	employees,	directors	and	consultants.	Options	granted	under	the
2010	Plan	may	be	either	incentive	options	or	nonqualified	stock	options.	Incentive	stock	options	may	be	granted	only	to	our	employees	including	officers	and	directors.	Nonqualified	stock	options	and	stock	purchase	rights	may	be	granted	to	our
employees	and	consultants.	Generally,	our	stock	options	and	RSUs	vest	over	four	years	and	are	exercisable	over	a	period	not	to	exceed	the	contractual	term	of	ten	years	from	the	date	the	stock	options	are	granted.	Continued	vesting	typically
terminates	when	the	employment	or	consulting	relationship	ends.	In	addition,	as	a	result	of	our	acquisition	of	SolarCity,	we	have	assumed	its	equity	award	plans,	and	its	outstanding	equity	awards	as	of	the	Acquisition	Date.	The	equity	awards	of
SolarCity	were	converted	into	equity	awards	to	acquire	Tesla	common	stock	in	share	amounts	and	prices	based	on	the	Exchange	Ratio,	with	the	equity	awards	retaining	the	same	vesting	and	other	terms	and	conditions	as	in	effect	immediately
prior	to	the	acquisition.		The	vesting	and	other	terms	and	conditions	of	the	assumed	equity	awards	are	substantially	the	same	as	those	of	the	2010	Plan.				
As	of	December	31,	2016,	4,698,501	of	common	shares	were	reserved	and	available	for	future	issuance	under	the	2010	Plan.
	
	
90	
The	following	table	summarizes	stock	option	and	RSU	activity	under	the	2010	Plan:
	
	
	
Outstanding	Stock	Options
	
	
Outstanding	RSUs
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Weighted-
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Weighted-
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Weighted-
	
	
Average
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Average
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Average
	
	
Remaining
	
	
*Aggregate
	
	
	
	
	
	
Grant
	
	
	
	
Number	of
	
	
Exercise
	
	
Contractual
	
	
Intrinsic
	
	
Number
	
	
Date	Fair
	
	
	
	
Options
	
	
Price
	
	
Life	(Years)
	
	
Value
	
	
of	RSUs
	
	
Value
	
	
Balance,	December	31,	2015
	
	
20,015,180
	
	
$
46.14
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
2,439,674
	
	
$
219.90
	
	
Assumed	through	acquisition
	
	
1,304,104
	
	
	
283.35
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
382,611
	
	
	
185.04
	
	
Granted
	
	
853,960
	
	
	
211.10
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
2,797,973
	
	
	
202.59
	
	
Exercised
	
	
(8,735,830
)
	
	
12.84
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
Cancelled
	
	
(561,992
)
	
	
218.58
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
(519,908
)
	
	
215.07
	
	
Released
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
(1,018,261
)
	
	
212.96
	
	
Balance,	December	31,	2016
	
	
12,875,422
	
	
$
96.50
	
	
	
5.8
	
	
$
1.72
	
	
	
4,082,089
	
	
$
207.11
	
	
Vested	and	expected	to	vest,
			December	31,	2016
	
	
12,875,422
	
	
$
96.50
	
	
	
5.8
	
	
$
1.72
	
	
	
4,082,089
	
	
	
	
	
	
Exercisable	and	vested,
			December	31,	2016
	
	
7,817,124
	
	
$
77.70
	
	
	
5.2
	
	
$
1.19
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
	
	
	
*Aggregate	intrinsic	value	in	billions
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
The	aggregate	intrinsic	value	represents	the	total	pretax	intrinsic	value	(i.e.,	the	difference	between	our	common	stock	price	and	the	exercise	price,	multiplied	by	the	number	of	in-the-money	options)	that	would	have	been	received	by
the	option	holders	had	all	option	holders	exercised	their	options.	The	total	intrinsic	value	of	options	exercised	was	$1.68	billion,	$395.6	million	and	$446.9	million	for	the	years	ended	December	31,	2016,	2015	and	2014.				
Fair	Value	Assumptions
We	utilize	the	fair	value	method	in	recognizing	stock-based	compensation	expense.	Under	the	fair	value	method,	we	estimated	the	fair	value	of	each	option	award	and	the	ESPP	on	the	grant	date	generally	using	the	Black-Scholes
option	pricing	model	and	the	weighted-average	assumptions	noted	in	the	following	table.
	
	
	
Year	Ended	December	31,
	
	
	
2016
	
	
2015
	
	
2014
	
Risk-free	interest	rate:
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Stock	options
	
	
1.5
%
	
	
1.6
%
	
	
1.9
%
ESPP
	
	
0.6
%
	
	
0.3
%
	
	
0.1
%
Expected	term	(in	years):
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Stock	options
	
	
6.2
	
	
	
5.4
	
	
	
6.0
	
ESPP
	
	
0.5
	
	
	
0.5
	
	
	
0.5
	
Expected	volatility:
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Stock	options
	
	
47
%
	
	
48
%
	
	
55
%
ESPP
	
	
41
%
	
	
42
%
	
	
46
%
Dividend	yield:
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Stock	options
	
	
0.0
%
	
	
0.0
%
	
	
0.0
%
ESPP
	
	
0.0
%
	
	
0.0
%
	
	
0.0
%
	
The	risk-free	interest	rate	that	we	use	is	based	on	the	United	States	Treasury	yield	in	effect	at	the	time	of	grant	for	zero	coupon	United	States	Treasury	notes	with	maturities	approximating	each	grant’s	expected	life.	Given	our	limited
history	with	employee	grants,	we	use	the	“simplified”	method	in	estimating	the	expected	term	for	our	employee	grants.	The	“simplified”	method,	as	permitted	by	the	SEC	Staff,	is	calculated	as	the	average	of	the	time-to-vesting	and	the
contractual	life	of	the	options.
Beginning	in	2015,	our	expected	volatility	is	derived	from	our	implied	volatility	on	publicly	traded	options	of	our	common	stock	and	the	historical	volatility	of	our	common	stock.	Prior	to	2015,	our	expected	volatility	was	derived	from
our	implied	volatility	on	publicly	traded	options	of	our	common	stock	and	the	historical	volatilities	of	several	unrelated	public	companies	within	industries	related	to	our	business,	including	the	automotive	OEM,	automotive	retail,	automotive	parts
and	battery	technology	industries,	because	we	had	limited	trading	history	on	our	common	stock.	When	making	the	selections	of	our	peer	companies	within	industries	related	to	our	business	to	be	used	in	the	volatility	calculation,	we	also
considered	the	stage	of	development,	size	and	financial	leverage	of	potential	comparable	companies.	Our	historical	volatility	and	implied	volatility	are	weighted	based	on	certain	qualitative	factors	and	combined	to	produce	a	single	volatility
factor.
	
91	
	
The	weighted-average	grant-date	fair	value	for	option	awards	granted	during	the	years	ended	December	31,	2016,	2015	and	2014	was	$98.7,	$108.28	and	$94.01	per	share.	The	weighted-average	grant-date	fair	value	for	ESPP
granted	during	the	years	ended	December	31,	2016,	2015	and	2014	was	$51.31,	$58.77	and	$74.07	per	share.	The	fair	value	of	RSUs	is	measured	on	the	grant	date	based	on	the	closing	fair	market	value	of	our	common	stock.
2014	Performance-based	Stock	Options	Grants
In	2014,	to	create	incentives	for	continued	long	term	success	beyond	the	Model	S	program	and	to	closely	align	executive	pay	with	our	stockholders’	interests	in	the	achievement	of	significant	milestones	by	our	Company,	the
Compensation	Committee	of	our	Board	of	Directors	granted	stock	options	to	certain	employees	to	purchase	an	aggregate	1,073,000	shares	of	our	common	stock.	Each	such	grant	consists	of	four	vesting	tranches	with	a	vesting	schedule	based
entirely	on	the	attainment	of	future	performance	milestones,	assuming	continued	employment	and	service	to	us	through	each	vesting	date.
	
•
1/4th	of	the	shares	subject	to	the	options	are	scheduled	to	vest	upon	completion	of	the	first	Model	X	Production	Vehicle;
	
•
1/4th	of	the	shares	subject	to	the	options	are	scheduled	to	vest	upon	achieving	aggregate	vehicle	production	of	100,000	vehicles	in	a	trailing	12-month	period;
	
•
1/4th	of	the	shares	subject	to	the	options	are	scheduled	to	vest	upon	completion	of	the	first	Model	3	Production	Vehicle;	and
	
•
1/4th	of	the	shares	subject	to	the	options	are	scheduled	to	vest	upon	achievement	of	annualized	gross	margin	of	greater	than	30.0%	in	any	three	years
As	of	December	31,	2016,	the	following	performance	milestone	was	achieved	and	approved	by	our	Board	of	Directors.
	
•
Completion	of	the	first	Model	X	Production	Vehicle
As	of	December	31,	2016,	the	following	performance	milestone	was	considered	probable	of	achievement.
	
•
Completion	of	the	first	Model	3	Production	Vehicle;	and
	
•
Achieving	aggregate	vehicle	production	of	100,000	vehicles	in	a	trailing	12-month	period
We	begin	recording	stock-based	compensation	expense	as	each	milestone	becomes	probable.	As	of	December	31,	2016,	we	had	unrecognized	compensation	expense	of	$17.5	million	for	those	performance	milestones	that	were	not
considered	probable	of	achievement.	For	the	years	ended	December	31,	2016,	2015	and	2014,	we	recorded	stock-based	compensation	expense	of	$25.3	million,	$10.4	million	and	$10.7	million	related	to	this	grant.
	
2012	CEO	Grant
In	August	2012,	our	Board	of	Directors	granted	5,274,901	stock	options	to	our	CEO	(the	“2012	CEO	Grant”).	The	2012	CEO	Grant	consists	of	ten	vesting	tranches	with	a	vesting	schedule	based	entirely	on	the	attainment	of	both
performance	conditions	and	market	conditions,	assuming	continued	employment	and	service	to	us	through	each	vesting	date.
	
Each	of	the	ten	vesting	tranches	requires	a	combination	of	one	of	the	ten	pre-determined	performance	milestones	and	an	incremental	increase	in	our	market	capitalization	of	$4.0	billion,	as	compared	to	the	initial	market	capitalization
of	$3.2	billion	measured	at	the	time	of	the	2012	CEO	Grant.
As	of	December	31,	2016,	the	market	conditions	for	seven	vesting	tranches	and	the	following	five	performance	milestones	were	achieved	and	approved	by	our	Board	of	Directors:
	
•
Successful	completion	of	the	Model	X	Alpha	Prototype;
	
•
Successful	completion	of	the	Model	X	Beta	Prototype;
	
•
Completion	of	the	first	Model	X	Production	Vehicle;
	
•
Aggregate	vehicle	production	of	100,000	vehicles;	and
	
•
Successful	completion	of	the	Model	3	Alpha	Prototype.
	
As	of	December	31,	2016,	the	following	performance	milestones	were	considered	probable	of	achievement:
	
•
Successful	completion	of	the	Model	3	Beta	Prototype;
	
•
Completion	of	the	first	Model	3	Production	Vehicle;
	
92	
	
•
Aggregate	vehicle	production	of	200,000	vehicles;	and
	
•
Aggregate	vehicle	production	of	300,000	vehicles.
We	expect	that	the	next	performance	milestone	to	be	achieved	will	be	the	successful	completion	of	the	Model	3	Beta	Prototype,	which	would	be	achieved	upon	the	determination	by	our	Board	of	Directors	that	an	eligible	prototype	has
been	completed.		Candidates	for	such	prototype	are	among	the	vehicles	that	we	are	currently	building	as	part	of	our	ongoing	testing	of	our	Model	3	vehicle	design	and	manufacturing	processes.
We	begin	recording	stock-based	compensation	expense	as	each	milestone	becomes	probable.	As	of	December	31,	2016,	we	had	$4.9	million	of	total	unrecognized	compensation	expense	for	those	performance	milestones	that	were
considered	probable	of	achievement	and	will	be	recognized	over	a	weighted-average	period	of	2.3	years.	As	of	December	31,	2016,	we	had	unrecognized	compensation	expense	of	$6.1	million	for	those	performance	milestones	that	were	not
considered	probable	of	achievement.	For	the	years	ended	December	31,	2016,	2015,	and	2014,	we	recorded	stock-based	compensation	expense	of	$15.8	million,	$10.6	million	and	$25.0	million.
Our
	CEO	
earns	a	base	salary	that	reflects	the	currently	applicable	minimum	wage	requirements	under	California	law,	and	he	is	subject	to	income	taxes	based	on	such	base	salary.	However,	he	has	never	accepted	and	currently	does
not	accept
	his
	salary.
Summary	Stock	Based	Compensation	Information
The	following	table	summarizes	the	stock-based	compensation	expense	by	line	item	in	the	consolidated	statements	of	operations	(in	thousands):
	
	
	
Year	Ended	December	31,
	
	
	
2016
	
	
2015
	
	
2014
	
Cost	of	sales
	
$
30,400
	
	
$
19,244
	
	
$
17,454
	
Research	and	development
	
	
154,632
	
	
	
89,309
	
	
	
62,601
	
Selling,	general	and	administrative
	
	
149,193
	
	
	
89,446
	
	
	
76,441
	
Total
	
$
334,225
	
	
$
197,999
	
	
$
156,496
	
	
We	realized	no	income	tax	benefit	from	stock	option	exercises	in	each	of	the	periods	presented	due	to	recurring	losses	and	valuation	allowances.
	
As	of	December	31,	2016,	we	had	$772.9	million	of	total	unrecognized	compensation	expense,	net,	of	estimated	forfeitures,	related	to	non-performance	awards	that	will	be	recognized	over	a	weighted-average	period	of	2.8	years.
Employee	Stock	Purchase	Plan
Employees	are	eligible	to	purchase	common	stock	through	payroll	deductions	of	up	to	15%	of	their	eligible	compensation,	subject	to	any	plan	limitations.	The	purchase	price	of	the	shares	on	each	purchase	date	is	equal	to	85%	of	the
lower	of	the	fair	market	value	of	our	common	stock	on	the	first	and	last	trading	days	of	each	six-month	offering	period.	During	the	years	ended	December	31,	2016,	2015	and	2014,	we	issued	321,788,	220,571	and	163,600	shares	under	the	ESPP
for	$51.7	million,	$37.5	million	and	$28.6	million,	respectively.	A	total	of	3,615,749	shares	of	common	stock	have	been	reserved	for	issuance	under	the	ESPP,	and	there	were	1,794,063	shares	available	for	issuance	under	the	ESPP	as	of
December	31,	2016.
	
	
Note	16	-	Income	Taxes
A	provision	for	income	taxes	of	$26.7	million,	$13.0	million	and	$9.4	million	has	been	recognized	for	the	years	ended	December	31,	2016,	2015	and	2014,	respectively,	related	primarily	to	our	subsidiaries	located	outside	of	the	United
States.	Our	loss	before	income	taxes	for	the	years	ended	December	31,	2016,	2015	and	2014	was	as	follows	(in	thousands):
	
	
	
	
Year	Ended	December	31,
	
	
	
2016
	
	
2015
	
	
2014
	
Domestic
	
$
130,718
	
	
$
415,694
	
	
$
60,451
	
Noncontrolling	interest	and	redeemable	noncontrolling
			interest
	
	
98,132
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
Foreign
	
	
517,498
	
	
	
459,930
	
	
	
224,185
	
Loss	before	income	taxes
	
$
746,348
	
	
$
875,624
	
	
$
284,636
	
	
	
93	
The	components	of	the	provision	for	income	taxes	for	the	years	ended	December	31,
	
2016,	2015	and	2014,	consisted	of	the	following	(in	thousands):
	
	
	
Year	Ended	December	31,
	
	
	
2016
	
	
2015
	
	
2014
	
Current:
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Federal
	
$
—
	
	
$
—
	
	
$
—
	
State
	
	
568
	
	
	
525
	
	
	
257
	
Foreign
	
	
53,962
	
	
	
10,342
	
	
	
9,203
	
Total	current
	
	
54,530
	
	
	
10,867
	
	
	
9,460
	
Deferred:
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Federal
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
State
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
Foreign
	
	
(27,832
)
	
	
2,172
	
	
	
(56
)
Total	deferred
	
	
(27,832
)
	
	
2,172
	
	
	
(56
)
Total	provision	for	income	taxes
	
$
26,698
	
	
$
13,039
	
	
$
9,404
	
	
	
Deferred	tax	assets	(liabilities)	as	of	December	31,	2016	and	2015	consisted	of	the	following	(in	thousands):
	
	
	
December	31,
	
	
December	31,
	
	
	
2016
	
	
2015
	
Deferred	tax	assets:
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Net	operating	loss	carry-forwards
	
$
648,652
	
	
$
404,377
	
Research	and	development	credits
	
	
208,499
	
	
	
73,068
	
Other	tax	credits
	
	
106,530
	
	
	
30,079
	
Deferred	revenue
	
	
268,434
	
	
	
162,272
	
Inventory	and	warranty	reserves
	
	
95,570
	
	
	
53,410
	
Depreciation	and	amortization
	
	
—
	
	
	
66
	
Stock-based	compensation
	
	
120,955
	
	
	
71,009
	
Financial	Instruments
	
	
—
	
	
	
35,073
	
Investment	in	certain	financing	funds
	
	
237,759
	
	
	
—
	
Accruals	and	others
	
	
67,769
	
	
	
29,547
	
Total	deferred	tax	assets
	
	
1,754,168
	
	
	
858,901
	
Valuation	allowance
	
	
(1,022,705
)
	
	
(668,432
)
Deferred	tax	assets,	net	of	valuation	allowance
	
	
731,463
	
	
	
190,469
	
Deferred	tax	liabilities:
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Depreciation	and	amortization
	
	
(679,969
)
	
	
(188,240
)
Other
	
	
(3,779
)
	
	
(4,309
)
Financial	Instruments
	
	
(22,033
)
	
	
—
	
Total	deferred	tax	liabilities
	
	
(705,781
)
	
	
(192,549
)
Deferred	tax	assets,	net	of	valuation	allowance	and
			deferred	tax	liabilities
	
$
25,682
	
	
$
(2,080
)
	
	
	
94	
Reconciliation	of	statutory	federal	income	taxes	to	our	effective	taxes	for	the	years	ended	December	31,	2016,	2015	and	2014	is	as	follows	(in	thousands):
	
	
	
	
Year	Ended	December	31,
	
	
	
2016
	
	
2015
	
	
2014
	
Tax	at	statutory	federal	rate
	
$
(261,222
)
	
$
(306,470
)
	
$
(99,622
)
State	tax,	net	of	federal	benefit
	
	
568
	
	
	
525
	
	
	
257
	
Nondeductible	expenses
	
	
26,547
	
	
	
16,711
	
	
	
15,238
	
Foreign	income	rate	differential
	
	
206,470
	
	
	
172,259
	
	
	
86,734
	
U.S.	tax	credits
	
	
(162,865
)
	
	
(43,911
)
	
	
(26,895
)
Noncontrolling	interests	and	redeemable	noncontrolling
			interests	adjustment
	
	
21,964
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
Investment	in	certain	financing	bonds
	
	
(31,055
)
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
Other	reconciling	items
	
	
785
	
	
	
1,232
	
	
	
877
	
Change	in	valuation	allowance
	
	
225,506
	
	
	
172,693
	
	
	
32,815
	
Provision	for	income	taxes
	
$
26,698
	
	
$
13,039
	
	
$
9,404
	
	
As	of	December	31,	2016,	we	recorded	a	valuation	allowance	of	$1.02	billion	for	the	portion	of	the	deferred	tax	asset	that	we	do	not	expect	to	be	realized.	The	valuation	allowance	on	our	net	deferred	taxes	increased	by	$354.3	million
during	the	year	ended	December	31,	2016.	The	valuation	allowance	increase	is	primarily	due	to	additional	U.S.	deferred	tax	assets	incurred	in	the	current	year	that	cannot	be	realized,	inclusive	of	$169.3	million	increase	relating	to	the	SolarCity
acquisition,	and	offset	by	immaterial	valuation	allowance	releases	in	foreign	jurisdictions.	Management	believes	that	based	on	the	available	information,	it	is	more	likely	than	not	that	the	U.S.	deferred	tax	assets	will	not	be	realized,	such	that	a
full	valuation	allowance	is	required	against	all	U.S.	deferred	tax	assets.	We	have	net	$33.1	million	of	deferred	tax	assets	in	foreign	jurisdictions	which	we	believe	are	more-likely-than-not	to	be	fully	realized	given	the	expectation	of	future	earnings
in	these	jurisdictions.
As	of	December	31,	2016,	we	had	approximately	$4.34	billion	of	federal	and	$3.01	billion	of	state	net	operating	loss	carry-forwards	available	to	offset	future	taxable	income,	which	will	not	begin	to	significantly	expire	until	2024	for
federal	and	2017	for	state	purposes.	A	portion	of	these	losses	were	generated	by	SolarCity	prior	to	our	acquisition	and	therefore	are	subject	to	change	of	control	provisions	which	limit	the	amount	of	acquired	tax	attributes	that	can	be	utilized	in	a
given	tax	year.	We	do	not	expect	these	change	of	control	limitations	to	significantly	impact	our	ability	to	utilize	these	attributes.	The	portion	of	net	operating	loss	carryforwards	related	to	stock	options	is	approximately	$2.39	billion	and	$1.42
billion	for	federal	and	state	purposes,	respectively,	of	which	the	tax	benefits	will	be	credited	to	additional	paid-in	capital	when	realized.	Upon	the	adoption	of	ASU	No.	2016-09,	all	tax	effects	related	to	share-based	payments	will	be	recognized
through	earnings,	subject	to	normal	valuation	allowance	considerations.	We	expect	that	any	potential	tax	benefits,	upon	adoption	of	ASU	No.	2016-09,	would	increase	our	deferred	tax	asset	which	would	be	offset	with	a	full	valuation	allowance.
We	have	research	and	development	tax	credits	of	approximately	$153.0	million	and	$163.6	million	for	federal	and	state	income	tax	purposes,	respectively.	If	not	utilized,	the	federal	research	and	development	tax	credits	will	expire	in
various	amounts	beginning	in	2024.	However,	the	state	research	and	development	tax	credits	can	be	carried	forward	indefinitely.	In	addition,	we	have	other	general	business	tax	credits	of	approximately	$105.5	million	for	federal	income	tax
purposes,	which	will	not	begin	to	significantly	expire	until	2033.
The	Company	has	an	immaterial	amount	of	undistributed	foreign	earnings	as	of	December	31,	2016.	In	addition,	we	have	not	recognized	a	deferred	tax	liability	for	the	remittance	of	any	undistributed	foreign	earnings	to	the	United
States	as	such	earnings	are	intended	to	be	indefinitely	reinvested	in	operations	outside	the	United	States.
	
Federal	and	state	laws	can	impose	substantial	restrictions	on	the	utilization	of	net	operating	loss	and	tax	credit	carry-forwards	in	the	event	of	an	“ownership	change,”	as	defined	in	Section	382	of	the	Internal	Revenue	Code.	We
determined	that	no	significant	limitation	would	be	placed	on	the	utilization	of	our	net	operating	loss	and	tax	credit	carry-forwards	due	to	any	prior	ownership	changes.
	
95	
Uncertain	Tax	Positions
The	aggregate	changes	in	the	balance	of	our	gross	unrecognized	tax	benefits	during	the	years	ended	December	31,	2016,	2015	and	2014	were	as	follows	(in	thousands):
	
	
	
	
	
	
January	1,	2014
	
$
13,370
	
Increases	in	balances	related	to	prior	year	tax	positions
	
	
56
	
Increases	in	balances	related	to	current	year	tax	positions
	
	
27,951
	
December	31,	2014
	
	
41,377
	
Increase	in	balances	related	to	prior	year	tax	positions
	
	
6,626
	
Increases	in	balances	related	to	current	year	tax	positions
	
	
51,124
	
December	31,	2015
	
	
99,127
	
Increase	in	balances	related	to	prior	year	tax	positions
	
	
28,677
	
Increases	in	balances	related	to	current	year	tax	positions
	
	
62,805
	
Assumed	uncertain	tax	positions	through	acquisition
	
	
13,327
	
December	31,	2016
	
$
203,936
	
Accrued	interest	and	penalties	related	to	unrecognized	tax	benefits	are	classified	as	income	tax	expense	and	was	immaterial.	As	of	December	31,	2016,	unrecognized	tax	benefits	of	$198.3	million,	if	recognized,	would	not	affect	our
effective	tax	rate	as	the	tax	benefits	would	increase	a	deferred	tax	asset	which	is	currently	fully	offset	with	a	full	valuation	allowance.	We	do	not	anticipate	that	the	amount	of	existing	unrecognized	tax	benefits	will	significantly	increase	or
decrease	within	the	next	12	months.	We	file	income	tax	returns	in	the	United	States,	California,	various	states	and	foreign	jurisdictions.	Tax	years	2003	to	2015	remain	subject	to	examination	for	federal	purposes,	and	tax	years	2003	to	2015
remain	subject	to	examination	for	California	purposes.	All	net	operating	losses	and	tax	credits	generated	to	date	are	subject	to	adjustment	for	U.S.	federal	and	California	purposes.	Tax	years	2007	to	2015	remain	open	for	examination	in	other
U.S.	state	and	foreign	jurisdictions.
The	United	States	Tax	Court	has	issued	a	decision	in	Altera	Corp	v.	Commissioner	related	to	the	treatment	of	share-based	compensation	expense	in	a	cost-sharing	arrangement.	As	this	decision,	can	be	overturned	upon	appeal,	we	have
not	recorded	any	impact	as	of	December	31,	2016.	In	addition,	any	potential	tax	benefits	would	increase	our	deferred	tax	asset	which	would	be	offset	with	a	full	valuation	allowance.
	
	
Note	17	-	Commitments	and	Contingencies
Operating	Leases
We	have	entered	into	various	non-cancelable	operating	lease	agreements	for	certain	of	our	offices,	manufacturing	and	warehouse	facilities,	retail	and	service	locations,	equipment,	vehicles,	solar	energy	systems	and	supercharger
sites,	throughout	the	world	with	various	expiration	dates	through
	December	
2030.
Included	within	Operating	Leases	commitments	in	the	table	below	are	payments	due	under	operating	leases	that	have	been	accounted	for	as	build-to-suit	arrangements	and	are	included	in	property,	plant,	and	equipment	in	our
Consolidated	Balance	Sheets.
Rent	expense	for	the	years	ended	December	31,	2016,	2015	and	2014	was	$116.8	million,	$68.2	million	and	$46.3	million.
Capital	Leases	for	Equipment
We	have	entered	into	various	agreements	to	lease	equipment	under	capital	leases	up	to	60	months.	The	equipment	under	the	leases	are	collateral	for	the	lease	obligations	and	are	included	within	property,	plant	and	equipment,	net	on
the	Consolidated	Balance	Sheets	under	the	categories	of	computer	equipment	and	software	and	office	furniture	and	equipment.
	
96	
Future	minimum	commitments	for	leases	as	of	December	31,	2016	are	as	follows	(in	thousands):
	
	
	
Operating
	
	
Capital
	
	
	
Leases
	
	
Leases
	
2017
	
	
$	165,457
	
	
	
$	38,712
	
2018
	
	
150,925
	
	
	
33,730
	
2019
	
	
125,148
	
	
	
23,793
	
2020
	
	
102,804
	
	
	
7,333
	
2021
	
	
88,950
	
	
	
2,746
	
Thereafter
	
	
292,693
	
	
	
16,259
	
Total	minimum	lease	payments
	
	
925,977
	
	
	
122,573
	
Less:	Amounts	representing	interest	not	yet	incurred
	
	
	
	
	
	
9,592
	
Present	value	of	capital	lease	obligations
	
	
	
	
	
	
112,981
	
Less:	Current	portion
	
	
	
	
	
	
35,497
	
Long-term	portion	of	capital	lease	obligations
	
	
	
	
	
$
77,484
	
Build-to-Suit	Lease	Arrangement	in	Buffalo,	New	York
As	discussed	in	Note	8,
	Property,	Plant	and	Equipment
,	
as	part	of	the	SolarCity	acquisition,	we	assumed	a	build-to-suit	lease	arrangement	with	the	Research	Foundation	for	the	State	University	of	New	York,	or	the	Foundation,	where
the	Foundation	will	construct	the	manufacturing	facility	and	install	certain	utilities	and	other	improvements,	with	our	participation	in	the	design	and	construction	of	the	manufacturing	facility,	and	acquire	certain	manufacturing	equipment
designated	by	us	to	be	used	in	the	manufacturing	facility.	The	Foundation	will	cover	(i)	construction	costs	related	to	the	manufacturing	facility	in	an	amount	up	to	$350.0	million,	(ii)	the	acquisition	and	commissioning	of	the	manufacturing
equipment	in	an	amount	up	to	$348.1	million	and	(iii)	$51.9	million	for	additional	specified	scope	costs,	in	cases	(i)	and	(ii)	only,	subject	to	the	maximum	funding	allocation	from	the	State	of	New	York,	and	we	will	be	responsible	for	any
construction	and	equipment	costs	in	excess	of	such	amounts.	We	will	own	the	manufacturing	facility	and	manufacturing	equipment	purchased	by	the	Foundation.	Following	completion	of	the	manufacturing	facility,	we	will	lease	the
manufacturing	facility	and	the	manufacturing	equipment	owned	by	the	Foundation	from	the	Foundation	for	an	initial	period	of	10	years,	with	an	option	to	renew,	for	$2	per	year	plus	utilities.
Under	the	terms	of	the	build-to-suit	lease	arrangement,	we	are	required	to	achieve	specific	operational	milestones	during	the	initial	term	of	the	lease,	which	include	employing	a	certain	number	of	employees	at	the	facility,	within
western	New	York	and	within	the	State	of	New	York	within	specified	time	periods	following	the	completion	of	the	facility.	We	are	also	required	to	spend	or	incur	approximately	$5.0	billion	in	combined	capital,	operational	expenses	and	other
costs	in	the	State	of	New	York	over	the	10	years	following	the	achievement	of	full	production.	On	an	annual	basis	during	the	initial	lease	term,	as	measured	on	each	anniversary	of	the	commissioning	of	the	facility,	if	we	fail	to	meet	its	specified
investment	and	job	creation	obligations,	then	we	would	be	obligated	to	pay	a	$41.2	million	“program	payment”	to	the	Foundation	for	each	year	that	we	fail	to	meet	these	requirements.	Furthermore,	if	the	agreement	is	terminated	due	to	a
material	breach	by	us,	then	additional	amounts	might	be	payable	by	us.
Due	to	our	involvement	with	the	construction	of	the	facility,	our	exposure	to	any	potential	cost	overruns	and	its	other	commitments	under	the	agreement,	we	are	deemed	to	be	the	owner	of	the	facility	and	the	manufacturing	equipment
owned	by	the	Foundation	for	accounting	purposes	during	the	construction	phase.	Accordingly,	as	of	December	31,	2016,	we	recorded	a	non-cash	build-to-suit	lease	asset	under	construction	of	$783.9	million,	and	a	corresponding	build-to-suit
lease	liability	on	our	consolidated	balance	sheets.	The	non-cash	investing	and	financing	activities	related	to	the	arrangement	from	the	Acquisition	Date	through	December	31,	2016	amounted	to	$5.6	million.
Environmental	Liabilities
In	connection	with	our	Tesla	Factory	located	in	Fremont,	California,	we	are	obligated	to	pay	for	the	remediation	of	certain	environmental	conditions	existing	at	the	time	we	purchased	the	property	from	New	United	Motor
Manufacturing,	Inc.	(NUMMI).	Tesla	is	responsible	for	the	first	$15	million	of	remediation	costs	and	any	costs	in	excess	of	$30	million	or	costs	incurred	after	the	ten-year	anniversary	of	closing.	NUMMI	is	responsible	for	remediation	costs
between	$15	million	and	$30	million	for	up	to	10	years	from	the	closing	date.		
	
	
	
	
97	
Legal	Proceedings
From	time	to	time,	we	are	subject	to	various	legal	proceedings	that	arise	from	the	normal	course	of	business	activities.	In	addition,	from	time	to	time,	third	parties	may	assert	intellectual
property	infringement	claims	against	us	in	the	form	of	letters	and	other	forms	of	communication.	If	an	unfavorable	ruling	were	to	occur,	there	exists	the	possibility	of	a	material	adverse	impact	on	our
results	of	operations,	prospects,	cash	flows,	financial	position	and	brand.
In	November	2013,	a	putative	securities	class	action	lawsuit	was	filed	against	Tesla	in	U.S.	District	Court,	Northern	District	of	California,	alleging	violations	of,	and	seeking	remedies	pursuant	to,	Sections	10(b)	and	20(a)	of	the
Securities	Exchange	Act	of	1934	and	Rule	10b-5.	The	complaint	made	claims	against	Tesla	and	our	CEO,	Elon	Musk,	sought	damages	and	attorney’s	fees	on	the	basis	of	allegations	that,	among	other	things,	Tesla	and	Mr.	Musk	made	false	and/or
misleading	representations	and	omissions,	including	with	respect	to	the	safety	of	Model	S.	This	case	was	brought	on	behalf	of	a	putative	class	consisting	of	certain	persons	who	purchased	Tesla’s	securities	between	August	19,	2013	and
November	17,	2013.	On	September	26,	2014,	the	trial	court,	upon	the	motion	of	Tesla	and	Mr.	Musk,	dismissed	the	complaint	with	prejudice,	and	thereafter	issued	a	formal	written	order	to	that	effect.	The	plaintiffs	appealed	from	the	trial	court’s
order,	and	on	December	21,	2016,	the	Court	of	Appeals	affirmed	the	trial	court’s	decision	dismissing	the	complaint	with	prejudice.
On	March	28,	2014,	a	purported	stockholder	class	action	was	filed	in	the	United	States	District	Court	for	the	Northern	District	of	California	against	SolarCity	and	two	of	its	officers.	The	complaint	alleges	violations	of	federal	securities
laws,	and	seeks	unspecified	compensatory	damages	and	other	relief	on	behalf	of	a	purported	class	of	purchasers	of	SolarCity’s	securities	from	March	6,	2013	to	March	18,	2014.	After	a	series	of	amendments	to	the	original	complaint,	the	District
Court	dismissed	the	amended	complaint	and	entered	a	judgment	in	SolarCity’s	favor	on	August	9,	2016.	The	plaintiffs	have	filed	a	notice	of	appeal.	We	believe	that	the	claims	are	without	merit	and	intend	to	defend	against	this	lawsuit	vigorously.
We	are	unable	to	estimate	the	possible	loss,	if	any,	associated	with	this	lawsuit.
On	August	15,	2016,	a	purported	stockholder	class	action	lawsuit	was	filed	in	the	United	States	District	Court	for	the	Northern	District	of	California	against	SolarCity,	two	of	its	officers	and	a	former	officer.	The	complaint	alleges	that
SolarCity	made	projections	of	future	sales	and	installations	that	it	failed	to	achieve	and	that	these	projections	were	fraudulent	when	made.	The	plaintiffs	claim	violations	of	federal	securities	laws	and	seek	unspecified	compensatory	damages	and
other	relief	on	behalf	of	a	purported	class	of	purchasers	of	SolarCity’s	securities	from	May	5,	2015	to	February	16,	2016.	We	believe	that	the	claims	are	without	merit	and	intend	to	defend	against	them	vigorously.	We	are	unable	to	estimate	the
possible	loss,	if	any,	associated	with	this	lawsuit.
Between	September	1,	2016	and	October	5,	2016,	seven	lawsuits	were	filed	in	the	Court	of	Chancery	of	the	State	of	Delaware	by	purported	stockholders	of	Tesla	challenging	Tesla’s	acquisition	of	SolarCity.	On	October	10,	the	Court
entered	orders	consolidating	these	lawsuits	and	appointing	lead	plaintiffs	and	lead	counsel.	The	consolidated	lawsuit	is	captioned	as	In	re	Tesla	Motors,	Inc.,	Stockholders	Litigation,	C.A.	No.	12711-VCS.	It	names	as	defendants	the	members	of
Tesla’s	board	of	directors	and	alleges,	among	other	things,	that	the	members	of	Tesla’s	board	of	directors	breached	their	fiduciary	duties	in	connection	with	the	SolarCity	acquisition.		It	asserts	claims	derivatively	on	behalf	of	Tesla	and	directly
on	behalf	of	a	putative	class	of	Tesla	stockholders.	It	seeks,	among	other	relief,	damages	in	an	unspecified	amount	and	attorneys’	fees	and	costs.	On	January	27,	2017,	defendants	filed	a	motion	to	dismiss	the	operative	complaint.	After	receiving
the	motion,	plaintiffs	indicated	that	they	intend	to	file	an	amended	complaint	rather	than	respond	to	the	defendants’	motion	to	dismiss.	Tesla	believes	that	the	lawsuit	is	without	merit.
In	July	2012,	SolarCity,	along	with	other	companies	in	the	solar	energy	industry,	received	a	subpoena	from	the	U.S.	Treasury	Department’s	Office	of	the	Inspector	General	to	deliver	certain	documents	in	SolarCity’s	possession	that
were	dated,	created,	revised	or	referred	to	after	January	1,	2007	and	that	relate	to	SolarCity’s	applications	for	U.S.	Treasury	grants	or	communications	with	certain	other	solar	energy	development	companies	or	with	certain	firms	that	appraise
solar	energy	property	for	U.S	Treasury	grant	application	purposes.	The	Inspector	General	and	the	Civil	Division	of	the	U.S.	Department	of	Justice	are	investigating	the	administration	and	implementation	of	the	U.S	Treasury	grant	program
relating	to	the	fair	market	value	of	the	solar	energy	systems	that	SolarCity	submitted	in	U.S.	Treasury	grant	applications.	SolarCity	has	accrued	a	reserve	for	its	potential	liability	associated	with	this	ongoing	investigation	as	of	December	31,
2016.
In	February	2013,	two	of	SolarCity’s	financing	funds	filed	a	lawsuit	in	the	United	States	Court	of	Federal	Claims	against	the	United	States	government,	seeking	to	recover	approximately	$14.0	million	that	the	United	States	Treasury
was	obligated	to	pay,	but	failed	to	pay,	under	Section	1603	of	the	American	Recovery	and	Reinvestment	Act	of	2009.	In	February	2016,	the	government	filed	a	motion	seeking	leave	to	assert	a	counterclaim	against	the	two	plaintiff	funds	on	the
grounds	that	the	government,	in	fact,	paid	them	more,	not	less,	than	they	were	entitled	to	as	a	matter	of	law.	We	believe	that	the	government’s	claims	are	without	merit	and	expect	the	plaintiff	funds	to	litigate	the	case	vigorously.	
Trial	in	the	case
is	set	for	the	latter	half	of	2017
.	We	are	unable	to	estimate	the	possible	loss,	if	any,	associated	with	this	lawsuit.
	
98	
From	time	to	time,	we	have	received	requests	for	information	from	regulators	and	governmental	authorities,	such	as	the	National	Highway	Traffic	Safety	Administration,	the	National	Transportation	Safety	Board	and	the	Securities	and
Exchange	Commission.		We	are	also	subject	to	various	other	legal	proceedings	that	arise	from	the	normal	course	of	business	activities.	In	addition,	from	time	to	time,	third	parties	may	assert	intellectual	property	infringement	claims	against	us	in
the	form	of	letters	and	other	forms	of	communication.	If	an	unfavorable	ruling	were	to	occur,	there	exists	the	possibility	of	a	material	adverse	impact	on	our	results	of	operations,	prospects,	cash	flows,	financial	position	and	brand.
Indemnification	and	Guaranteed	Returns
As	disclosed	in	Note	
18,	
VIE	Arrangements
,	and	Note	19,	
Lease	Pass-Through	Financing	Obligation
,	we	are	contractually	committed	to	compensate	certain	fund	investors	for	any	losses	that	they	may	suffer	in	certain	limited
circumstances	resulting	from	reductions	in	U.S.	Treasury	grants	or	ITCs.	Generally,	such	obligations	would	arise	as	a	result	of	reductions	to	the	value	of	the	underlying	solar	energy	systems	as	assessed	by	the	U.S.	Treasury	Department	for
purposes	of	claiming	U.S.	Treasury	grants	or	as	assessed	by	the	IRS	for	purposes	of	claiming	ITCs	or	U.S.	Treasury	grants.	For	each	balance	sheet	date,	we	assess	and	recognize,	when	applicable,	the	potential	exposure	from	this	obligation	based
on	all	the	information	available	at	that	time,	including	any	guidelines	issued	by	the	U.S.	Treasury	Department	on	solar	energy	system	valuations	for	purposes	of	claiming	U.S.	Treasury	grants	and	any	audits	undertaken	by	the	IRS.	We	believe	that
any	payments	to	the	fund	investors	in	excess	of	the	amount	already	recognized	by	us	for	this	obligation	are	not	probable	based	on	the	facts	known	at	the	reporting	date.
The	maximum	potential	future	payments	that	we	could	have	to	make	under	this	obligation	would	depend	on	the	difference	between	the	fair	values	of	the	solar	energy	systems	sold	or	transferred	to	the	funds	as	determined	by	us	and
the	values	that	the	U.S.	Treasury	Department	would	determine	as	fair	value	for	the	systems	for	purposes	of	claiming	U.S.	Treasury	grants	or	the	values	the	IRS	would	determine	as	the	fair	value	for	the	systems	for	purposes	of	claiming	ITCs	or
U.S.	Treasury	grants.	We	claim	U.S.	Treasury	grants	based	on	guidelines	provided	by	the	U.S.	Treasury	department	and	the	statutory	regulations	from	the	IRS.	We	use	fair	values	determined	with	the	assistance	of	independent	third-party
appraisals	commissioned	by	us	as	the	basis	for	determining	the	ITCs	that	are	passed-through	to	and	claimed	by	the	fund	investors.	Since	we	cannot	determine	future	revisions	to	U.S.	Treasury	Department	guidelines	governing	system	values	or
how	the	IRS	will	evaluate	system	values	used	in	claiming	ITCs	or	U.S.	Treasury	grants,	we	are	unable	to	reliably	estimate	the	maximum	potential	future	payments	that	it	could	have	to	make	under	this	obligation	as	of	each	balance	sheet	date.
We	are	eligible	to	receive	certain	state	and	local	incentives	that	are	associated	with	renewable	energy	generation.	The	amount	of	incentives	that	can	be	claimed	is	based	on	the	projected	or	actual	solar	energy	system	size	and/or	the
amount	of	solar	energy	produced.	We	also	currently	participate	in	one	state’s	incentive	program	that	is	based	on	either	the	fair	market	value	or	the	tax	basis	of	solar	energy	systems	placed	in	service.	State	and	local	incentives	received	are
allocated	between	us	and	fund	investors	in	accordance	with	the	contractual	provisions	of	each	fund.	We	are	not	contractually	obligated	to	indemnify	any	fund	investor	for	any	losses	they	may	incur	due	to	a	shortfall	in	the	amount	of	state	or	local
incentives	actually	received.
As	disclosed	in	Note	18,	we	are	contractually	required	to	make	payments	to	one	fund	investor	to	ensure	that	the	fund	investor	achieves	a	specified	minimum	internal	rate	of	return.	The	fund	investor	has	already	received	a	significant
portion	of	the	projected	economic	benefits	from	U.S.	Treasury	grant	distributions	and	tax	depreciation	benefits.	The	contractual	provisions	of	the	fund	state	that	the	fund	has	an	indefinite	term	unless	the	members	agree	to	dissolve	the	fund.
Based	on	our	current	financial	projections	regarding	the	amount	and	timing	of	future	distributions	to	the	fund	investor,	we	do	not	expect	to	make	any	payments	as	a	result	of	this	guarantee	and	has	not	accrued	any	liabilities	for	this	guarantee.
The	amount	of	potential	future	payments	under	this	guarantee	is	dependent	on	the	amount	and	timing	of	future	distributions	to	the	fund	investor	and	future	tax	benefits	that	accrue	to	the	fund	investor.	Due	to	the	uncertainties	surrounding
estimating	the	amounts	of	these	factors,	we	are	unable	to	estimate	the	maximum	potential	payments	under	this	guarantee.	To	date,	the	fund	investor	has	achieved	the	specified	minimum	internal	rate	of	return	as	determined	in	accordance	with
the	contractual	provisions	of	the	fund.
As	disclosed	in	Note	19,	the	lease	pass-through	financing	funds	have	a	one-time	lease	payment	reset	mechanism	that	occurs	after	the	installation	of	all	solar	energy	systems	in	a	fund.	As	a	result	of	this	mechanism,	we	may	be	required
to	refund	master	lease	prepayments	previously	received	from	investors.	Any	refunds	of	master	lease	prepayments	would	reduce	the	lease	pass-through	financing	obligation.
Letters	of	Credit
As	of	December	31,	2016,	we	had	$105.1	million	of	unused	letters	of	credit	outstanding.
	
	
Note	18	–	VIE	Arrangements
SolarCity	enters	into	various	arrangements	with	investors	to	facilitate	funding	and	monetization	of	
solar	energy	systems.	These	arrangements	include	those	described	in	this	Note,	as	well	as	those	described	in	Note	19,	
Lease	Pass-
Through	Financing	Obligation
.
	
99	
Fund	Arrangements
SolarCity	has	a	number	of	financing	funds	that	were	formed	by	wholly	owned	subsidiaries	of	SolarCity	and	fund	investors.		These	arrangements	were	created	to	facilitate	funding	and	monetization	of	solar	energy	systems.	The	following
table	shows	the	number	of	funds	by	investor	classification,	carrying	value	of	the	solar	energy	systems	in	the	funds,	total	investor	contributions	received	and	undrawn	investor	contributions	as	of	December	31,	2016	(in	thousands
,	except	for
number	of	funds,	and	unaudited)	for	funds	that	have	been	determined	to	be	VIEs:
	
Investor	Classification
	
Number	of	funds
	
	
Total	Investor
Contributions	Received
	
	
Undrawn	Investor
Contributions
	
	
Carrying	Value	of
Solar	Energy	Systems
	
Financial	institutions
	
	
34
	
	
$
2,623,918
	
	
$
106,850
	
	
$
3,085,024
	
Corporations
	
	
8
	
	
	
1,020,058
	
	
	
130,209
	
	
	
1,353,193
	
Utilities
	
	
4
	
	
	
278,888
	
	
	
35,033
	
	
	
178,280
	
Other	investors
	
	
1
	
	
	
1,788
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
1,946
	
Total
	
	
47
	
	
$
3,924,652
	
	
$
272,092
	
	
$
4,618,443
	
We	have	determined	that	the	funds	are	VIEs	and	we	are	the	primary	beneficiary	of	these	VIEs	by	reference	to	the	power	and	benefits	criterion	under	ASC	810,	
Consolidation
.	We	have	considered	the	provisions	within	the	contractual
agreements,	which	grant	it	power	to	manage	and	make	decisions	that	affect	the	operation	of	these	VIEs,	including	determining	the	solar	energy	systems	and	associated	customer	contracts	to	be	sold	or	contributed	to	these	VIEs	and	the
redeployment	of	solar	energy	systems	and	management	of	customer	receivables.	We	consider	that	the	rights	granted	to	the	fund	investors	under	the	contractual	agreements	are	more	protective	in	nature	rather	than	participating.
As	the	primary	beneficiary	of	these	VIEs,	we	consolidate	in	our	financial	statements	the	financial	position,	results	of	operations	and	cash	flows	of	these	VIEs,	and	all	intercompany	balances	and	transactions	between	us	and	these	VIEs
are	eliminated	in	the	consolidated	financial	statements.	Cash	distributions	of	income	and	other	receipts	by	a	fund,	net	of	agreed	upon	expenses,	estimated	expenses,	tax	benefits	and	detriments	of	income	and	loss	and	tax	credits,	are	allocated	to
the	fund	investor	and	our	subsidiary	as	specified	in	contractual	agreements.
Generally,	our	subsidiary	has	the	option	to	acquire	the	fund	investor’s	interest	in	the	fund	for	an	amount	based	on	the	market	value	of	the	fund	or	the	formula	specified	in	the	contractual	agreements.
As	of	December	31,	2016,	we	were	contractually	required	to	make	payments	to	a	fund	investor	in	order	to	ensure	the	investor	is	projected	to	achieve	a	specified	minimum	return	annually.	The	amounts	of	any	potential	future	payments
under	this	guarantee	are	dependent	on	the	amounts	and	timing	of	future	Distributions	to	the	investor	from	the	fund,	the	tax	benefits	that	accrue	to	the	investor	from	the	fund’s	activities	and	the	amount	and	timing	of	our	purchase	of	the
investor’s	interest	in	the	fund	or	the	amount	and	timing	of	the	distributions	to	the	investor	upon	liquidation	of	the	fund.	Due	to	uncertainties	associated	with	estimating	the	amount	and	timing	of	distributions	to	the	investor	and	the	possibility	and
timing	of	the	liquidation	of	the	fund,	we	are	unable	to	determine	the	potential	maximum	future	payments	that	it	would	have	to	make	under	this	guarantee.
Upon	the	sale	or	liquidation	of	a	fund,	distributions	would	occur	in	the	order	and	priority	specified	in	the	contractual	agreements.
Pursuant	to	management	services,	maintenance	and	warranty	arrangements,	we	have	been	contracted	to	provide	services	to	the	funds,	such	as	operations	and	maintenance	support,	accounting,	lease	servicing	and	performance
reporting.	In	some	instances,	we	have	guaranteed	payments	to	the	investors	as	specified	in	the	contractual	agreements.	A	fund’s	creditors	have	no	recourse	to	our	general	credit	or	to	that	of	other	funds.	None	of	the	assets	of	the	funds	had	been
pledged	as	collateral	for	their	obligations.
	
100	
We	present	the	solar	energy	systems	in	the	VIEs	under	solar	energy	systems,	leased	and	to	be	leased	–	net	in	our	Consolidated	Balance	Sheets.	The	aggregate	carrying	values	of	the	VIEs’	assets	and	liabilities,	after	elimination	of
intercompany	transactions	and	balances,	in	our	Consolidated	Balance	Sheets	were	as	follows	(in	thousands):
	
	
	
December
	
31,	2016
	
Assets
	
	
	
	
Current	assets:
	
	
	
	
Cash	and	Cash	equivalents
	
$
44,091
	
Restricted	cash
	
	
20,916
	
Accounts	receivable-	net
	
	
16,023
	
Rebates	receivable
	
	
6,646
	
Prepaid	expenses	and	other	current	assets
	
	
7,532
	
Total	current	assets
	
	
95,208
	
Solar	energy	systems,	leased	and	to	be	leased-	net
	
	
4,618,443
	
Other	assets
	
	
35,826
	
Total	assets
	
$
4,749,477
	
Liabilities
	
	
	
	
Current	liabilities:
	
	
	
	
Accounts	Payable
	
$
20
	
Distributions	payable	to	noncontrolling	interests
			and	redeemable	noncontrolling	interests
	
	
24,085
	
Accrued	and	other	current	liabilities
	
	
8,157
	
Customer	deposits
	
	
1,169
	
Current	portion	of	deferred	revenue
	
	
17,114
	
Current	portion	of	long-term	debt
	
	
89,356
	
Total	current	liabilities
	
	
139,901
	
Deferred	revenue,	net	of	current	portion
	
	
178,783
	
Long-term	debt,	net	of	current	portion
	
	
466,741
	
Other	liabilities	and	deferred	costs
	
	
82,917
	
Total	Liabilities
	
$
868,342
	
We	are	contractually	obligated	to	make	certain	fund	investors	whole	if	they	suffer	certain	losses	resulting	from	the	disallowance	or	recapture	of	ITCs	or	U.S.	Treasury	grants.	We	account	for	distributions	due	to	the	fund	investors
arising	from	a	reduction	of	anticipated	ITCs	or	U.S.	Treasury	grants	received	under	distributions	payable	to	noncontrolling	interests	and	redeemable	noncontrolling	interests	in	our	Consolidated	Balance	Sheets.	As	of	December	31,	2016,	we	had
accrued	$0.3	million	for	this	obligation.
	
	
Note	19	-	Lease	Pass-Through	Financing	Obligation
	
Through	December	31,	2016,	SolarCity	had	entered	into	eight	transactions	referred	to	as	“lease	pass-through	fund	arrangements.”	Under	these	arrangements,	our	wholly	owned	subsidiaries	finance	the	cost	of	solar	energy	systems
with	investors	through	arrangements	contractually	structured	as	master	leases	for	an	initial	term	ranging	between	10	and	25	years.	These	solar	energy	systems	are	subject	to	lease	or	power	purchase	agreements	with	customers	with	an	initial
term	not	exceeding	20	years.	These	solar	energy	systems	are	included	under	solar	energy	systems,	leased	and	to	be	leased	–	net	in	our	Consolidated	Balance	Sheets.
	
The	cost	of	the	solar	energy	systems	under	the	lease	pass-through	fund	arrangements	as	of	December	31,	2016	was	$785.3	million.	The	accumulated	depreciation	related	to	these	assets	as	of	December	31,	2016	was	$2.1	million.	The
total	lease	pass-through	financing	obligation	as	of	December	31,	2016	was	$122.3	million,	of	which	$51.5	million	was	classified	as	current	liabilities.
	
	
101	
Under	lease	pass-through	fund	arrangements,	the	investors	make	a	large	upfront	payment	to	the	lessor,	which	is	one	of	our	subsidiaries,	and	in	some	cases,	subsequent	periodic	payments.	We	allocate	a	portion	of	the	aggregate
payments	received	from	the	investors	to	the	estimated	fair	value	of	the	assigned	ITCs,	and	the	balance	to	the	future	customer	lease	payments	that	are	also	assigned	to	the	investors.	The	estimated	fair	value	of	the	ITCs	are	determined	by
discounting	the	estimated	cash	flows	impact	of	the	ITCs	using	an	appropriate	discount	rate	that	reflects	a	market	interest	rate.	We	have	an	obligation	to	ensure	the	solar	energy	system	is	in	service	and	operational	for	a	term	of	five	years	to	avoid
any	recapture	of	the	ITCs.	The	amounts	allocated	to	ITCs	are	initially	recorded	as	deferred	revenue	on	our	Consolidated	Balance	Sheets,	and	subsequently,	one-fifth	of	the	amounts	allocated	to	ITCs	is	recognized	as	revenue	from	operating	leases
and	solar	energy	systems	incentives	on	our	Consolidated	Statements	of	Operations	on	each	anniversary	of	the	solar	energy	system’s	placed	in	service	date	over	the	next	five	years.
	
We	account	for	the	residual	of	the	payments	received	from	the	investors	as	a	borrowing	by	recording	the	proceeds	received	as	a	lease	pass-through	financing	obligation,	which	is	repaid	from	customer	payments	and	incentive	rebates
that	are	expected	to	be	received	by	the	investors.	Under	this	approach,	we	continue	to	account	for	the	arrangement	with	the	customers	in	its	consolidated	financial	statements,	whether	the	cash	generated	from	the	customer	arrangements	is
received	by	us	or	paid	directly	to	the	investors.	A	portion	of	the	amounts	received	by	the	investors	from	customer	payments	and	incentive	rebates	is	applied	to	reduce	the	lease	pass-through	financing	obligation,	and	the	balance	is	allocated	to
interest	expense.	The	incentive	rebates	and	customer	payments	are	recognized	into	revenue	consistent	with	our	revenue	recognition	accounting	policy.	Interest	is	calculated	on	the	lease	pass-through	financing	obligation	using	the	effective
interest	rate	method.	The	effective	interest	rate	is	the	interest	rate	that	equates	the	present	value	of	the	cash	amounts	to	be	received	by	an	investor	over	the	master	lease	term	with	the	present	value	of	the	cash	amounts	paid	by	the	investor	to
us,	adjusted	for	any	payments	made	by	us.	The	lease	pass-through	financing	obligation	is	non-recourse	once	the	associated	assets	have	been	placed	in	service	and	all	the	customer	arrangements	have	been	assigned	to	the	investors.
	
As	of	December	31,	2016,	the	future	minimum	lease	payments	to	be	received	from	the	investors	based	on	the	solar	energy	systems	currently	under	the	lease	pass-through	fund	arrangements,	for	each	of	the	next	five	years	and
thereafter,	were	as	follows	(in	thousands):
	
2017
	
$
37,208
	
2018
	
	
37,653
	
2019
	
	
36,371
	
2020
	
	
35,622
	
2021
	
	
35,413
	
Thereafter
	
	
381,289
	
Total
	
$
563,556
	
For	two	of	the	lease	pass-through	fund	arrangements,	our	subsidiaries	have	pledged	its	assets	to	the	investors	as	security	for	their	obligations	under	the	contractual	agreements.
	
For	each	of	the	lease	pass-through	fund	arrangements,	we	are	required	to	comply	with	certain	financial	covenants	specified	in	the	contractual	agreements,	which	we	had	met	as	of	December	31,	2016.
	
Under	the	lease	pass-through	fund	arrangements,	we	are	responsible	for	any	warranties,	performance	guarantees,	accounting	and	performance	reporting.
	
Under	the	lease	pass-through	fund	arrangements,	there	is	a	one-time	future	lease	payment	reset	mechanism	that	is	set	to	occur	after	all	of	the	solar	energy	systems	are	delivered	and	placed	in	service	in	a	fund.	This	reset	date	occurs
when	the	installed	capacity	of	the	solar	energy	systems	and	placed	in-service	dates	are	known	or	on	an	agreed	upon	date.	As	part	of	this	reset	process,	the	lease	prepayment	is	updated	to	reflect	certain	specified	conditions	as	they	exist	at	such
date,	including	the	final	installed	capacity,	cost	and	in-service	dates	of	the	solar	energy	systems.	As	a	result	of	this	reset	process,	we	may	be	obligated	to	refund	a	portion	of	an	investor’s	master	lease	prepayments	or	may	be	entitled	to	receive	an
additional	master	lease	prepayment	from	an	investor.	Any	additional	master	lease	prepayments	by	an	investor	would	be	recorded	as	an	additional	lease	pass-through	financing	obligation,	while	any	refunds	of	master	lease	prepayments	would
reduce	the	lease	pass-through	financing	obligation.
	
	
	
102	
Note	20	-	Defined	Contribution	Plan
	
We	have	a	401(k)	savings	plan	(“the	401(k)	plan”)	which	qualifies	as	a	deferred	salary	arrangement	under	section	401(k)	of	the	Internal	Revenue	Code.	Under	the	401(k)	plan,	participating	employees	may	elect	to	contribute	up	to
100%	of	their	eligible	compensation,	subject	to	certain	limitations.	We	assumed	the	SolarCity	401(k)	plan,	or	the	Retirement	Plan,	available	to	employees	who	meet	the	Retirement	Plan’s	eligibility	requirements.	Participants	may	elect	to
contribute	a	percentage	of	their	compensation	to	the	Retirement	Plan,	up	to	a	statutory	limit.	Participants	are	fully	vested	in	their	contributions.		We	did	not	make	any	contributions	to	the	Retirement	Plan	during	the	years	ended	December	31,
2016,	2015	and	2014.
	
	
Note	21	–	Related	Party	Transactions
	
Through	the	SolarCity	acquisition,	we	have	entered	into	the	following	related	party	transactions	(in	thousands):
	
	
	
December	31,	2016
	
Solar	bonds	issued	to	related	parties
	
$
265,100
	
Convertible	senior	notes	due	to	related	parties
	
	
13,000
	
Due	to	related	parties	(primarily	accrued	interest	on	the	Solar	Bonds	and	Convertible	Senior	notes,	included
in	accrued	and	other	current	liabilities)
	
$
5,136
	
The	related	party	transactions	were	primarily	issuances	and	maturities	of	Solar	Bonds	held	by	SpaceX,	our	Chief	Executive	Officer,	SolarCity’s	Chief	Executive	Officer,	and	SolarCity’s	Chief	Technology	Officer	and	issuances	of
convertible	senior	notes	to	an	entity	affiliated	with	our	Chief	Executive	Officer	and	SolarCity’s	Chief	Executive	Officer.	SpaceX	is	considered	a	related	party	because	our	Chief	Executive	Officer	is	the	Chief	Executive	Officer,	Chief	Technology
Officer,	Chairman,	and	a	significant	stockholder	of	SpaceX.
	
As	of	December	31,	2016,	SpaceX	held	$90.0	million	in	aggregate	principal	amount	of	4.40%	Solar	Bonds	due	in	March	2017	and	$75.0	million	in	aggregate	principal	amount	of	4.40%	Solar	Bonds	due	in	June	2017.	In	addition,	our
Chief	Executive	Officer,	SolarCity’s	Chief	Executive	Officer,	and	SolarCity’s	Chief	Technology	Officer	collectively	held	$100.0	million	in	aggregate	principal	amount	of	6.50%	Solar	Bonds	due	in	February	2018.
	
From	the	Acquisition	Date	through	December	31,	2016,	the	interest	expense	recognized	for	debt	held	by	related	parties	was	not	material.		
	
	
Note	22	-	Quarterly	Results	of	Operations	(Unaudited)
	
The	following	table	includes	selected	quarterly	results	of	operations	data	for	the	years	ended	December	31,	2016	and	2015	(in	thousands,	except	per	share	amounts):
	
	
	
Three	months	ended
	
	
	
March	31
	
	
June	30
	
	
September	30
	
	
December	31
	
2016
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Total	revenues
	
$
1,147,048
	
	
$
1,270,017
	
	
$
2,298,436
	
	
$
2,284,631
	
Gross	profit
	
	
252,468
	
	
	
274,776
	
	
	
636,735
	
	
	
435,278
	
Net	income	(loss)	attributable	to	common	stockholders
	
	
(282,267
)
	
	
(293,188
)
	
	
21,878
	
	
	
(121,337
)
Net	income	(loss)	per	share	of	common	stock	attributable	to
			common	stockholders,	basic
	
	
(2.13
)
	
	
(2.09
)
	
	
0.15
	
	
	
(0.78
)
Net	income	(loss)	per	share	of	common	stock	attributable	to
			common	stockholders,	diluted
	
	
(2.13
)
	
	
(2.09
)
	
	
0.14
	
	
	
(0.78
)
2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Total	revenues
	
$
939,880
	
	
$
954,976
	
	
$
936,789
	
	
$
1,214,379
	
Gross	profit
	
	
260,073
	
	
	
213,370
	
	
	
231,496
	
	
	
218,564
	
Net	loss	attributable	to	common	stockholders
	
	
(154,181
)
	
	
(184,227
)
	
	
(229,858
)
	
	
(320,397
)
Net	loss	per	share	of	common	stock	attributable	to
			common	stockholders,	basic
	
	
(1.22
)
	
	
(1.45
)
	
	
(1.78
)
	
	
(2.44
)
Net	loss	per	share	of	common	stock	attributable	to
			common	stockholders,	diluted
	
	
(1.22
)
	
	
(1.45
)
	
	
(1.78
)
	
	
(2.44
)
	
	
103	
Net	loss	per	share	of	common	stock	attributable	to	common	stockholders,	basic	and	diluted	for	the	four	quarters	of	each	fiscal	year	may	not	sum	to	the	total	for	the	year	because	of	the	different	numbers	of	shares	outstanding	during
each	period.
	
	
Note	23	–	Segment	Reporting	and	Information	about	Geographic	Areas
We	operate	as	two	reportable	segments:	automotive	and	energy	generation	and	storage.	The	automotive	reportable	segment	includes	the	design,	development,	manufacturing,	and	sales	of	electric	vehicles.	The	energy	generation	and
storage	reportable	segment	includes	the	design,	manufacture,	installation,	and	sale	or	lease	of	stationary	energy	storage	products	and	solar	energy	systems	to	residential	and	commercial	customers,	or	sale	of	electricity	generated	by	our	solar
energy	systems	to	customers.
Our	chief	operating	decision	maker	(CODM)	does	not	evaluate	operating	segments	using	asset	information.
	
The	following	tables	set	forth	total	revenues	and	gross	margin	by	reportable	segment	(in	thousands):
	
	
	
Year	Ended	December	31,
	
	
	
2016
	
	
2015
	
	
2014
	
Automotive:
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Revenues
	
$
6,818,738
	
	
$
4,031,548
	
	
$
3,194,148
	
Gross	profit
	
	
1,596,195
	
	
	
921,313
	
	
	
881,468
	
Energy	generation	and	storage	:
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Revenues
	
	
181,394
	
	
	
14,477
	
	
	
4,208
	
Gross	profit
	
	
3,062
	
	
	
2,190
	
	
	
203
	
	
The	following	tables	set	forth	total	revenues	and	long-lived	assets	by	geographic	area	(in	thousands)
:
Total	Revenues
	
	
	
Year	Ended	December	31,
	
	
	
2016
	
	
2015
	
	
2014
	
United	States
	
$
4,200,706
	
	
$
1,957,397
	
	
$
1,471,643
	
China
	
	
1,065,255
	
	
	
318,513
	
	
	
477,082
	
Norway
	
	
335,572
	
	
	
356,419
	
	
	
412,198
	
Other
	
	
1,398,599
	
	
	
1,413,696
	
	
	
837,433
	
Total
	
$
7,000,132
	
	
$
4,046,025
	
	
$
3,198,356
	
	
Revenues	are	attributed	to	geographic	areas	based	on	where	the	Company’s	products	are	shipped.
	
Long-lived	Assets
	
	
	
Year	Ended	December	31,
	
	
	
2016
	
	
2015
	
United	States
	
$
11,399,545
	
	
$
3,119,478
	
International
	
	
503,294
	
	
	
283,856
	
Total
	
$
11,902,839
	
	
$
3,403,334
	
	
Note	24	-	Subsequent	Events
	
Acquisition	of	Grohmann	Engineering	GmbH
	
On	January	3,	2017,	we	completed	the	acquisition	of	Grohmann	Engineering	GmbH	for	approximately	$150	million	in	cash.	Management	is	currently	determining	the	fair	value	of	assets	acquired	and	liabilities	assumed	necessary	to
evaluate	the	purchase	price	allocation	for	this	transaction.
	
New	Debt	Facility
On	January	27,	2017,	a	subsidiary	of	the	Company	issued	$145.0	million	in	aggregate	principal	of	solar	loan-backed	notes	with	a	final	maturity	date	of	September	2049.	The	solar	loan-backed	notes	are	secured	by	certain	customer
loans	under	the	MyPower	program.
	
104	
	
	
	
	
105	
I
TEM	9.
CHANGES	IN	AND	DISAGREEMENTS	WITH	ACCOUNTANTS	ON	ACCOUNTING	AND	FINANCIAL	DISCLOSURE
Not	applicable.
I
TEM	9A.
CONTROLS	AND	PROCEDURES
Evaluation	of	Disclosure	Controls	and	Procedures
We	conducted	an	evaluation	as	of	December	31,	2016,	under	the	supervision	and	with	the	participation	of	our	management,	including	our	Chief	Executive	Officer	and	Chief	Financial	Officer,	of	the	effectiveness	of	the	design	and
operation	of	our	disclosure	controls	and	procedures.	Based	upon	that	evaluation,	our	Chief	Executive	Officer	and	Chief	Financial	Officer	concluded	that,	as	of	December	31,	2016,	our	disclosure	controls	and	procedures	were	effective	to	provide
reasonable	assurance.
Management’s	Report	on	Internal	Control	over	Financial	Reporting
Our	management	is	responsible	for	establishing	and	maintaining	adequate	internal	control	over	financial	reporting.	Internal	control	over	financial	reporting	is	a	process	designed	by,	or	under	the	supervision	of,	our	Chief	Executive
Officer	and	Chief	Financial	Officer	to	provide	reasonable	assurance	regarding	the	reliability	of	financial	reporting	and	the	preparation	of	financial	statements	for	external	purposes	in	accordance	with	generally	accepted	accounting	principles	and
includes	those	policies	and	procedures	that	(1)	pertain	to	the	maintenance	of	records	that	in	reasonable	detail	accurately	and	fairly	reflect	the	transactions	and	dispositions	of	our	assets;	(2)	provide	reasonable	assurance	that	transactions	are
recorded	as	necessary	to	permit	preparation	of	financial	statements	in	accordance	with	generally	accepted	accounting	principles,	and	that	our	receipts	and	expenditures	are	being	made	only	in	accordance	with	authorizations	of	our	management
and	directors;	and	(3)	provide	reasonable	assurance	regarding	prevention	or	timely	detection	of	unauthorized	acquisition,	use	or	disposition	of	our	assets	that	could	have	a	material	effect	on	the	financial	statements.
Under	the	supervision	and	with	the	participation	of	our	management,	including	our	Chief	Executive	Officer	and	Chief	Financial	Officer,	we	conducted	an	evaluation	of	the	effectiveness	of	our	internal	control	over	financial	reporting
based	on	criteria	established	in	“Internal	Control—Integrated	Framework	(2013)”	issued	by	the	Committee	of	Sponsoring	Organizations	of	the	Treadway	Commission	(COSO).	Our	management	concluded	that	our	internal	control	over	financial
reporting	was	effective	as	of	December	31,	2016.
We	acquired	SolarCity	on	November	21,	2016	in	a	purchase	business	combination.	We	excluded	from	our	assessment	of	internal	control	over	financial	reporting	as	of	December	31,	2016,	the	internal	control	over	financial	reporting	of
SolarCity.	Associated	with	SolarCity	are	total	assets	of	$8.78	billion	(of	which	$352.9	million	represents	intangible	assets	subject	to	our	internal	control	over	financial	reporting	as	of	December	31,	2016)	and	total	revenues	of	$84.1	million
included	in	our	consolidated	financial	statements	as	of	and	for	the	fiscal	year	ended	December	31,	2016.
Our	independent	registered	public	accounting	firm,	PricewaterhouseCoopers	LLP,	has	audited	the	effectiveness	of	our	internal	control	over	financial	reporting	as	of	December	31,	2016	as	stated	in	their	report	which	is	included	herein.
Limitations	on	the	Effectiveness	of	Controls
Because	of	inherent	limitations,	internal	control	over	financial	reporting	may	not	prevent	or	detect	misstatements	and	projections	of	any	evaluation	of	effectiveness	to	future	periods	are	subject	to	the	risk	that	controls	may	become
inadequate	because	of	changes	in	conditions,	or	that	the	degree	of	compliance	with	the	policies	or	procedures	may	deteriorate.
Changes	in	Internal	Control	over	Financial	Reporting
There	was	no	change	in	our	internal	control	over	financial	reporting	which	occurred	during	the	fourth	fiscal	quarter	of	the	year	ended	December	31,	2016	which	has	materially	affected,	or	is	reasonably	likely	to	materially	affect,	our
internal	control	over	financial	reporting.
I
TEM	9B.
OTHER	INFORMATION
None
	
	
	
106	
P
ART	III
I
TEM	10.
DIRECTORS,	EXECUTIVE	OFFICERS	AND	CORPORATE	GOVERNANCE
The	information	required	by	this	Item	10	of	Form	10-K	will	be	included	in	our	2017	Proxy	Statement	to	be	filed	with	the	SEC	in	connection	with	the	solicitation	of	proxies	for	our	2017	Annual	Meeting	of	Stockholders	(2017	Proxy
Statement)	and	is	incorporated	herein	by	reference.	The	2017	Proxy	Statement	will	be	filed	with	the	SEC	within	120	days	after	the	end	of	the	fiscal	year	to	which	this	report	relates.
I
TEM	11.
EXECUTIVE	COMPENSATION
The	information	required	by	this	Item	11	of	Form	10-K	will	be	included	in	our	2017	Proxy	Statement	and	is	incorporated	herein	by	reference.
I
TEM	12.
SECURITY	OWNERSHIP	OF	CERTAIN	BENEFICIAL	OWNERS	AND	MANAGEMENT	AND	RELATED	STOCKHOLDER	MATTERS
The	information	required	by	this	Item	12	of	Form	10-K	will	be	included	in	our	2017	Proxy	Statement	and	is	incorporated	herein	by	reference.
I
TEM	13.
CERTAIN	RELATIONSHIPS	AND	RELATED	TRANSACTIONS,	AND	DIRECTOR	INDEPENDENCE
The	information	required	by	this	Item	13	of	Form	10-K	will	be	included	in	our	2017	Proxy	Statement	and	is	incorporated	herein	by	reference.
I
TEM	14.
PRINCIPAL	ACCOUNTANT	FEES	AND	SERVICES
The	information	required	by	this	Item	14	of	Form	10-K	will	be	included	in	our	2017	Proxy	Statement	and	is	incorporated	herein	by	reference.
	
	
I
TEM	15.
EXHIBITS	AND	FINANCIAL	STATEMENT	SCHEDULES
	
(a)	The	following	documents	are	filed	as	part	of	this	report:
1.
Financial	Statements.	See	“Index	to	Consolidated	Financial	Statements”	in	Part	II,	Item	8	of	this	Annual	Report.
2.
All	financial	statement	schedules	have	been	omitted,	since	the	required	information	is	not	applicable	or	is	not	present	in	amounts	sufficient	to	require	submission	of	the	schedule,	or	because	the	information	required	is	included	in	the
consolidated	financial	statements	and	notes	thereto.
3.
Exhibits.	The	exhibits	listed	in	the	accompanying	“Index	to	Exhibits”	are	filed	or	incorporated	by	reference	as	part	of	this	Annual	Report	on	Form	10-K.
	
	
	
107	
INDEX	TO	EXHIBITS
	
Exhibit
Number
		
	
		
Incorporated	by	Reference
		
Filed
Herewith
		
Exhibit	Description
		
Form
		
File	No.
		
Exhibit
		
Filing	Date
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				2.1
	
Agreement	and	Plan	of	Merger,	dated	as	of	July	31,	2016,	among	the	Registrant,
SolarCity	Corporation	and	D	Subsidiary,	Inc.
	
8-K
	
001-34756
	
2.1
		
August	1,	2016
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				3.1
		
Amended	and	Restated	Certificate	of	Incorporation	of	the	Registrant.
		
—
		
—
		
—
		
—
		
X
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				3.2
	
Certificate	of	Amendment	to	the	Amended	and	Restated	Certificate	of
Incorporation	of	the	Registrant.
	
—
	
—
	
—
	
—
	
X
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				3.3
		
Amended	and	Restated	Bylaws	of	the	Registrant.
		
8-K
		
001-34756
		
3.3
		
February	1,	2017
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.1
		
Specimen	common	stock	certificate	of	the	Registrant.
		
—
		
—
		
—
		
—
		
X
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.2
		
Fifth	Amended	and	Restated	Investors’	Rights	Agreement,	dated	as	of	August
31,	2009,	between	Registrant	and	certain	holders	of	the	Registrant’s	capital
stock	named	therein.
		
S-1
		
333-164593
		
4.2
		
January	29,	2010
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.3
		
Amendment	to	Fifth	Amended	and	Restated	Investors’	Rights	Agreement,	dated
as	of	May	20,	2010,	between	Registrant	and	certain	holders	of	the	Registrant’s
capital	stock	named	therein.
		
S-1/A
		
333-164593
		
4.2A
		
May	27,	2010
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.4
		
Amendment	to	Fifth	Amended	and	Restated	Investors’	Rights	Agreement
between	Registrant,	Toyota	Motor	Corporation	and	certain	holders	of	the
Registrant’s	capital	stock	named	therein.
		
S-1/A
		
333-164593
		
4.2B
		
May	27,	2010
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.5
		
Amendment	to	Fifth	Amended	and	Restated	Investor’s	Rights	Agreement,	dated
as	of	June	14,	2010,	between	Registrant	and	certain	holders	of	the	Registrant’s
capital	stock	named	therein.
		
S-1/A
		
333-164593
		
4.2C
		
June	15,	2010
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.6
		
Amendment	to	Fifth	Amended	and	Restated	Investor’s	Rights	Agreement,	dated
as	of	November	2,	2010,	between	Registrant	and	certain	holders	of	the
Registrant’s	capital	stock	named	therein.
		
8-K
		
001-34756
		
4.1
		
November	4,	2010
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.7
		
Waiver	to	Fifth	Amended	and	Restated	Investor’s	Rights	Agreement,	dated	as	of
May	25,	2011,	between	Registrant	and	certain	holders	of	the	Registrant’s	capital
stock	named	therein.
		
S-1/A
		
333-174466
		
4.2E
		
June	2,	2011
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.8
		
Amendment	to	Fifth	Amended	and	Restated	Investor’s	Rights	Agreement,	dated
as	of	May	30,	2011,	between	Registrant	and	certain	holders	of	the	Registrant’s
capital	stock	named	therein.
		
8-K
		
001-34756
		
4.1
		
June	1,	2011
		
	
	
108	
Exhibit
Number
		
	
		
Incorporated	by	Reference
		
Filed
Herewith
		
Exhibit	Description
		
Form
		
File	No.
		
Exhibit
		
Filing	Date
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.9
		
Sixth	Amendment	to	Fifth	Amended	and	Restated	Investors’	Rights	Agreement,
dated	as	of	May	15,	2013	among	the	Registrant,	the	Elon	Musk	Revocable	Trust
dated	July	22,	2003	and	certain	other	holders	of	the	capital	stock	of	the
Registrant	named	therein.
		
8-K
		
001-34756
		
4.1
		
May	20,	2013
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.10
		
Waiver	to	Fifth	Amended	and	Restated	Investor’s	Rights	Agreement,	dated	as	of
May	14,	2013,	between	the	Registrant	and	certain	holders	of	the	capital	stock	of
the	Registrant	named	therein.
		
8-K
		
001-34756
		
4.2
		
May	20,	2013
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.11
		
Waiver	to	Fifth	Amended	and	Restated	Investor’s	Rights	Agreement,	dated	as	of
August	13,	2015,	between	the	Registrant	and	certain	holders	of	the	capital	stock
of	the	Registrant	named	therein.
		
8-K
		
001-34756
		
4.1
		
August	19,	2015
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.12
		
Waiver	to	Fifth	Amended	and	Restated	Investors’	Rights	Agreement,	dated	as	of
May	18,	2016,	between	the	Registrant	and	certain	holders	of	the	capital	stock	of
the	Registrant	named	therein.
		
8-K
		
001-34756
		
4.1
		
May	24,	2016
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.13
		
Indenture,	dated	as	of	May	22,	2013,	by	and	between	the	Registrant	and	U.S.
Bank	National	Association.
		
8-K
		
001-34756
		
4.1
		
May	22,	2013
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.13
		
First	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as	of	May	22,	2013,	by	and	between	the
Registrant	and	U.S.	Bank	National	Association.
		
8-K
		
001-34756
		
4.2
		
May	22,	2013
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.15
		
Form	of	1.50%	Convertible	Senior	Note	Due	June	1,	2018	(included	in	Exhibit
4.4).
		
8-K
		
001-34756
		
4.3
		
May	22,	2013
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.16
	
Second	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as	of	March	5,	2014,	by	and	between	the
Registrant	and	U.S.	Bank	National	Association.
	
8-K
	
001-34756
	
4.2
	
March	5,	2014
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.17
	
Form	of	0.25%	Convertible	Senior	Note	Due	March	1,	2019	(included	in
Exhibit	4.6).
	
8-K
	
001-34756
	
4.3
	
March	5,	2014
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.18
	
Third	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as	of	March	5,	2014,	by	and	between	the
Registrant	and	U.S.	Bank	National	Association.
	
8-K
	
001-34756
	
4.4
	
March	5,	2014
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.19
	
Form	of	1.25%	Convertible	Senior	Note	Due	March	1,	2021	(included	in
Exhibit	4.8).
	
8-K
	
001-34756
	
4.5
	
March	5,	2014
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
109	
Exhibit
Number
		
	
		
Incorporated	by	Reference
		
Filed
Herewith
		
Exhibit	Description
		
Form
		
File	No.
		
Exhibit
		
Filing	Date
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.20
	
Indenture,	dated	as	of	October	21,	2013,	by	and	between	SolarCity	Corporation
and	Wells	Fargo	Bank	National	Association,	including	the	form	of	convertible
senior	notes	contained	therein.
	
8-K
(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.1
	
October	21,	2013
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.21
	
First	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as	of	November	21,	2016,	between
SolarCity	Corporation	and	Wells	Fargo	Bank,	National	Association,	as	trustee	to
the	Indenture,	dated	as	of	October	21,	2013,	between	SolarCity	Corporation	and
Wells	Fargo	Bank,	National	Association,	as	trustee.
	
8-K
	
001-34756
	
4.1
	
November	21,	2016
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.22
	
Indenture,	dated	as	of	September	30,	2014,	between	SolarCity	and	Wells	Fargo
Bank,	National	Association
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.1
	
October	6,	2014
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.23
	
First	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as	of	November	21,	2016,	between
SolarCity	Corporation	and	Wells	Fargo	Bank,	National	Association,	as	trustee	to
the	Indenture,	dated	as	of	September	30,	2014,	between	SolarCity	Corporation
and	Wells	Fargo	Bank,	National	Association,	as	trustee.
	
8-K
	
001-34756
	
4.2
	
November	21,	2016
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.24
	
Indenture,	dated	as	of	December	7,	2015,	between	SolarCity	Corporation	and
Wells	Fargo	Bank,	National	Association
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.1
	
December	7,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.25
	
First	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as	of	November	21,	2016,	between
SolarCity	Corporation	and	Wells	Fargo	Bank,	National	Association,	as	trustee	to
the	Indenture,	dated	as	of	December	7,	2015,	between	SolarCity	Corporation
and	Wells	Fargo	Bank,	National	Association,	as	trustee.
	
8-K
	
001-34756
	
4.3
	
November	21,	2016
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.26
	
Indenture,	dated	as	of	October	15,	2014,	between	SolarCity	Corporation	and
U.S.	Bank	National	Association,	as	trustee.
	
S-3ASR(1)
	
333-199321
	
4.1
	
October	15,	2014
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.27
	
Third	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as	of	October	15,	2014,	by	and	between
SolarCity	Corporation	and	the	Trustee,	related	to	SolarCity	Corporation’s	3.00%
Solar	Bonds,	Series	2014/3-3.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.4
	
October	15,	2014
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.28
	
Fourth	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as	of	October	15,	2014,	by	and	between
SolarCity	Corporation	and	the	Trustee,	related	to	SolarCity	Corporation’s	4.00%
Solar	Bonds,	Series	2014/4-7
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.5
	
October	15,	2014
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
110	
Exhibit
Number
		
	
		
Incorporated	by	Reference
		
Filed
Herewith
		
Exhibit	Description
		
Form
		
File	No.
		
Exhibit
		
Filing	Date
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.29
	
Seventh	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as	of	January	29,	2015,	by	and	between
SolarCity	Corporation	and	the	Trustee,	related	to	SolarCity	Corporation’s	3.00%
Solar	Bonds,	Series	2015/3-3.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.4
	
January	29,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.30
	
Eighth	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as	of	January	29,	2015,	by	and	between
SolarCity	Corporation	and	the	Trustee,	related	to	SolarCity	Corporation’s	4.00%
Solar	Bonds,	Series	2015/4-7.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.5
	
January	29,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.31
	
Ninth	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as	of	March	9,	2015,	by	and	between
SolarCity	Corporation	and	the	Trustee,	related	to	SolarCity	Corporation’s	4.00%
Solar	Bonds,	Series	2015/5-5.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.2
	
March	9,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.32
	
Tenth	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as	of	March	9,	2015,	by	and	between
SolarCity	Corporation	and	the	Trustee,	related	to	SolarCity	Corporation’s	5.00%
Solar	Bonds,	Series	2015/6-10.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.3
	
March	9,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.33
	
Eleventh	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as	of	March	9,	2015,	by	and	between
SolarCity	Corporation	and	the	Trustee,	related	to	SolarCity	Corporation’s	5.75%
Solar	Bonds,	Series	2015/7-15.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.4
	
March	9,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.34
	
Thirteenth	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as	of	March	19,	2015,	by	and	between
SolarCity	Corporation	and	the	Trustee,	related	to	SolarCity	Corporation’s	2.60%
Solar	Bonds,	Series	2015/C2-3.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.3
	
March	19,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.35
	
Fourteenth	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as	of	March	19,	2015,	by	and
between	SolarCity	Corporation	and	the	Trustee,	related	to	SolarCity
Corporation’s	3.60%	Solar	Bonds,	Series	2015/C3-5.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.4
	
March	19,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.36
	
Fifteenth	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as	of	March	19,	2015,	by	and	between
SolarCity	Corporation	and	the	Trustee,	related	to	SolarCity	Corporation’s	4.70%
Solar	Bonds,	Series	2015/C4-10.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.5
	
March	19,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.37
	
Sixteenth	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as	of	March	19,	2015,	by	and	between
SolarCity	Corporation	and	the	Trustee,	related	to	SolarCity	Corporation’s	5.45%
Solar	Bonds,	Series	2015/C5-15.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.6
	
March	19,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.38
	
Eighteenth	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as	of	March	26,	2015,	by	and
between	SolarCity	Corporation	and	the	Trustee,	related	to	SolarCity
Corporation’s	2.65%	Solar	Bonds,	Series	2015/C7-3.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.3
	
March	26,	2015
	
	
	
111	
Exhibit
Number
		
	
		
Incorporated	by	Reference
		
Filed
Herewith
		
Exhibit	Description
		
Form
		
File	No.
		
Exhibit
		
Filing	Date
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.39
	
Nineteenth	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as	of	March	26,	2015,	by	and
between	SolarCity	Corporation	and	the	Trustee,	related	to	SolarCity
Corporation’s	3.60%	Solar	Bonds,	Series	2015/C8-5.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.4
	
March	26,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.40
	
Twentieth	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as	of	March	26,	2015,	by	and	between
SolarCity	Corporation	and	the	Trustee,	related	to	SolarCity	Corporation’s	4.70%
Solar	Bonds,	Series	2015/C9-10.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.5
	
March	26,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.41
	
Twenty-First	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as	of	March	26,	2015,	by	and
between	SolarCity	Corporation	and	the	Trustee,	related	to	SolarCity
Corporation’s	5.45%	Solar	Bonds,	Series	2015/C10-15.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.6
	
March	26,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.42
	
Twenty-Fourth	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as	of	April	2,	2015,	by	and
between	SolarCity	Corporation	and	the	Trustee,	related	to	SolarCity
Corporation’s	2.65%	Solar	Bonds,	Series	2015/C12-3.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.3
	
April	2,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.43
	
Twenty-Fifth	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as	of	April	2,	2015,	by	and	between
SolarCity	Corporation	and	the	Trustee,	related	to	SolarCity	Corporation’s	3.60%
Solar	Bonds,	Series	2015/C13-5.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.4
	
April	2,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.44
	
Twenty-Sixth	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as	of	April	2,	2015,	by	and	between
SolarCity	Corporation	and	the	Trustee,	related	to	SolarCity	Corporation’s	4.70%
Solar	Bonds,	Series	2015/C14-10.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.5
	
April	2,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.45
	
Twenty-Eighth	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as	of	April	9,	2015,	by	and
between	SolarCity	Corporation	and	the	Trustee,	related	to	SolarCity
Corporation’s	2.65%	Solar	Bonds,	Series	2015/C17-3.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.3
	
April	9,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.46
	
Twenty-Ninth	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as	of	April	9,	2015,	by	and
between	SolarCity	Corporation	and	the	Trustee,	related	to	SolarCity
Corporation’s	3.60%	Solar	Bonds,	Series	2015/C18-5.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.4
	
April	9,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.47
	
Thirtieth	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as	of	April	9,	2015,	by	and	between
SolarCity	Corporation	and	the	Trustee,	related	to	SolarCity	Corporation’s	4.70%
Solar	Bonds,	Series	2015/C19-10.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.5
	
April	9,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
112	
Exhibit
Number
		
	
		
Incorporated	by	Reference
		
Filed
Herewith
		
Exhibit	Description
		
Form
		
File	No.
		
Exhibit
		
Filing	Date
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.48
	
Thirty-First	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as	of	April	9,	2015,	by	and	between
SolarCity	Corporation	and	the	Trustee,	related	to	SolarCity	Corporation’s	5.45%
Solar	Bonds,	Series	2015/C20-15.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.6
	
April	9,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.49
	
Thirty-Third	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as	of	April	14,	2015,	by	and	between
SolarCity	Corporation	and	the	Trustee,	related	to	SolarCity	Corporation’s	2.65%
Solar	Bonds,	Series	2015/C22-3.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.3
	
April	14,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.50
	
Thirty-Fourth	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as	of	April	14,	2015,	by	and
between	SolarCity	Corporation	and	the	Trustee,	related	to	SolarCity
Corporation’s	3.60%	Solar	Bonds,	Series	2015/C23-5.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.4
	
April	14,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.51
	
Thirty-Fifth	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as	of	April	14,	2015,	by	and	between
SolarCity	Corporation	and	the	Trustee,	related	to	SolarCity	Corporation’s	4.70%
Solar	Bonds,	Series	2015/C24-10.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.5
	
April	14,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.52
	
Thirty-Sixth	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as	of	April	14,	2015,	by	and	between
SolarCity	Corporation	and	the	Trustee,	related	to	SolarCity	Corporation’s	5.45%
Solar	Bonds,	Series	2015/C25-15.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.6
	
April	14,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.53
	
Thirty-Eighth	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as	of	April	21,	2015,	by	and
between	SolarCity	Corporation	and	the	Trustee,	related	to	SolarCity
Corporation’s	4.70%	Solar	Bonds,	Series	2015/C27-10.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.3
	
April	21,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.54
	
Thirty-Ninth	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as	of	April	21,	2015,	by	and
between	SolarCity	Corporation	and	the	Trustee,	related	to	SolarCity
Corporation’s	5.45%	Solar	Bonds,	Series	2015/C28-15.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.4
	
April	21,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.55
	
Forty-First	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as	of	April	27,	2015,	by	and	between
SolarCity	Corporation	and	the	Trustee,	related	to	SolarCity	Corporation’s	2.65%
Solar	Bonds,	Series	2015/C30-3.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.3
	
April	27,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.56
	
Forty-Second	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as	of	April	27,	2015,	by	and
between	SolarCity	Corporation	and	the	Trustee,	related	to	SolarCity
Corporation’s	3.60%	Solar	Bonds,	Series	2015/C31-5.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.4
	
April	27,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.57
	
Forty-Third	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as	of	April	27,	2015,	by	and	between
SolarCity	Corporation	and	the	Trustee,	related	to	SolarCity	Corporation’s	4.70%
Solar	Bonds,	Series	2015/C32-10.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.5
	
April	27,	2015
	
	
	
113	
Exhibit
Number
		
	
		
Incorporated	by	Reference
		
Filed
Herewith
		
Exhibit	Description
		
Form
		
File	No.
		
Exhibit
		
Filing	Date
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.58
	
Forty-Fourth	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as	of	April	27,	2015,	by	and
between	SolarCity	Corporation	and	the	Trustee,	related	to	SolarCity
Corporation’s	5.45%	Solar	Bonds,	Series	2015/C33-15.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.6
	
April	27,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.59
	
Forty-Sixth	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as	of	May	1,	2015,	by	and	between
SolarCity	Corporation	and	the	Trustee,	related	to	SolarCity	Corporation’s	3.00%
Solar	Bonds,	Series	2015/10-3.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.3
	
May	1,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.60
	
Forty-Seventh	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as	of	May	1,	2015,	by	and
between	SolarCity	Corporation	and	the	Trustee,	related	to	SolarCity
Corporation’s	4.00%	Solar	Bonds,	Series	2015/11-5.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.4
	
May	1,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.61
	
Forty-Eighth	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as	of	May	1,	2015,	by	and	between
SolarCity	Corporation	and	the	Trustee,	related	to	SolarCity	Corporation’s	5.00%
Solar	Bonds,	Series	2015/12-10.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.5
	
May	1,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.62
	
Forty-Ninth	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as	of	May	1,	2015,	by	and	between
SolarCity	Corporation	and	the	Trustee,	related	to	SolarCity	Corporation’s	5.75%
Solar	Bonds,	Series	2015/13-15.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.6
	
May	1,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.63
	
Fiftieth	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as	of	May	11,	2015,	by	and	between
SolarCity	Corporation	and	the	Trustee,	related	to	SolarCity	Corporation’s	2.65%
Solar	Bonds,	Series	2015/C34-3.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.2
	
May	11,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.64
	
Fifty-First	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as	of	May	11,	2015,	by	and	between
SolarCity	Corporation	and	the	Trustee,	related	to	SolarCity	Corporation’s	3.60%
Solar	Bonds,	Series	2015/C35-5.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.3
	
May	11,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.65
	
Fifty-Second	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as	of	May	11,	2015,	by	and	between
SolarCity	Corporation	and	the	Trustee,	related	to	SolarCity	Corporation’s	4.70%
Solar	Bonds,	Series	2015/C36-10.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.4
	
May	11,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.66
	
Fifty-Third	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as	of	May	11,	2015,	by	and	between
SolarCity	Corporation	and	the	Trustee,	related	to	SolarCity	Corporation’s	5.45%
Solar	Bonds,	Series	2015/C37-15.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.5
	
May	11,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
114	
Exhibit
Number
		
	
		
Incorporated	by	Reference
		
Filed
Herewith
		
Exhibit	Description
		
Form
		
File	No.
		
Exhibit
		
Filing	Date
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.67
	
Fifty-Fourth	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as	of	May	14,	2015,	by	and	between
SolarCity	Corporation	and	the	Trustee,	related	to	SolarCity	Corporation’s	2.50%
Solar	Bonds,	Series	2015/14-2.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.2
	
May	14,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.68
	
Fifty-Fifth	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as	of	May	18,	2015,	by	and	between
SolarCity	Corporation	and	the	Trustee,	related	to	SolarCity	Corporation’s	2.65%
Solar	Bonds,	Series	2015/C38-3.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.2
	
May	18,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.69
	
Fifty-Sixth	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as	of	May	18,	2015,	by	and	between
SolarCity	Corporation	and	the	Trustee,	related	to	SolarCity	Corporation’s	3.60%
Solar	Bonds,	Series	2015/C39-5.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.3
	
May	18,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.70
	
Fifty-Seventh	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as	of	May	18,	2015,	by	and
between	SolarCity	Corporation	and	the	Trustee,	related	to	SolarCity
Corporation’s	4.70%	Solar	Bonds,	Series	2015/C40-10.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.4
	
May	18,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.71
	
Fifty-Eighth	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as	of	May	18,	2015,	by	and	between
SolarCity	Corporation	and	the	Trustee,	related	to	SolarCity	Corporation’s	5.45%
Solar	Bonds,	Series	2015/C41-15.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.5
	
May	18,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.72
	
Fifty-Ninth	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as	of	May	26,	2015,	by	and	between
SolarCity	Corporation	and	the	Trustee,	related	to	SolarCity	Corporation’s	2.65%
Solar	Bonds,	Series	2015/C42-3.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.2
	
May	26,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.73
	
Sixtieth	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as	of	May	26,	2015,	by	and	between
SolarCity	Corporation	and	the	Trustee,	related	to	SolarCity	Corporation’s	3.60%
Solar	Bonds,	Series	2015/C43-5.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.3
	
May	26,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.74
	
Sixty-First	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as	of	May	26,	2015,	by	and	between
SolarCity	Corporation	and	the	Trustee,	related	to	SolarCity	Corporation’s	4.70%
Solar	Bonds,	Series	2015/C44-10.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.4
	
May	26,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.75
	
Sixty-Second	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as	of	May	26,	2015,	by	and
between	SolarCity	Corporation	and	the	Trustee,	related	to	SolarCity
Corporation’s	5.45%	Solar	Bonds,	Series	2015/C45-15.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.5
	
May	26,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.76
	
Sixty-Fourth	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as	of	June	8,	2015,	by	and	between
SolarCity	Corporation	and	the	Trustee,	related	to	SolarCity	Corporation’s	2.65%
Solar	Bonds,	Series	2015/C46-3.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.2
	
June	10,	2015
	
	
	
115	
Exhibit
Number
		
	
		
Incorporated	by	Reference
		
Filed
Herewith
		
Exhibit	Description
		
Form
		
File	No.
		
Exhibit
		
Filing	Date
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.77
	
Sixty-Fifth	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as	of	June	8,	2015,	by	and	between
SolarCity	Corporation	and	the	Trustee,	related	to	SolarCity	Corporation’s	3.60%
Solar	Bonds,	Series	2015/C47-5.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.3
	
June	10,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.78
	
Sixty-Sixth	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as	of	June	8,	2015,	by	and	between
SolarCity	Corporation	and	the	Trustee,	related	to	SolarCity	Corporation’s	4.70%
Solar	Bonds,	Series	2015/C48-10.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.4
	
June	10,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.79
	
Sixty-Seventh	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as	of	June	8,	2015,	by	and	between
SolarCity	Corporation	and	the	Trustee,	related	to	SolarCity	Corporation’s	5.45%
Solar	Bonds,	Series	2015/C49-15.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.5
	
June	10,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.80
	
Sixty-Eighth	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as	of	June	16,	2015,	by	and	between
SolarCity	Corporation	and	the	Trustee,	related	to	SolarCity	Corporation’s	2.65%
Solar	Bonds,	Series	2015/C50-3.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.2
	
June	16,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.81
	
Sixty-Ninth	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as	of	June	16,	2015,	by	and	between
SolarCity	Corporation	and	the	Trustee,	related	to	SolarCity	Corporation’s	3.60%
Solar	Bonds,	Series	2015/C51-5.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.3
	
June	16,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.82
	
Seventieth	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as	of	June	16,	2015,	by	and	between
SolarCity	Corporation	and	the	Trustee,	related	to	SolarCity	Corporation’s	4.70%
Solar	Bonds,	Series	2015/C52-10.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.4
	
June	16,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.83
	
Seventy-First	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as	of	June	16,	2015,	by	and
between	SolarCity	Corporation	and	the	Trustee,	related	to	SolarCity
Corporation’s	5.45%	Solar	Bonds,	Series	2015/C53-15.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.5
	
June	16,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.84
	
Seventy-Second	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as	of	June	22,	2015,	by	and
between	SolarCity	Corporation	and	the	Trustee,	related	to	SolarCity
Corporation’s	2.65%	Solar	Bonds,	Series	2015/C54-3.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.2
	
June	23,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.85
	
Seventy-Third	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as	of	June	22,	2015,	by	and
between	SolarCity	Corporation	and	the	Trustee,	related	to	SolarCity
Corporation’s	3.60%	Solar	Bonds,	Series	2015/C55-5.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.3
	
June	23,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
116	
Exhibit
Number
		
	
		
Incorporated	by	Reference
		
Filed
Herewith
		
Exhibit	Description
		
Form
		
File	No.
		
Exhibit
		
Filing	Date
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.86
	
Seventy-Fourth	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as	of	June	22,	2015,	by	and
between	SolarCity	Corporation	and	the	Trustee,	related	to	SolarCity
Corporation’s	4.70%	Solar	Bonds,	Series	2015/C56-10.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.4
	
June	23,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.87
	
Seventy-Fifth	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as	of	June	22,	2015,	by	and
between	SolarCity	Corporation	and	the	Trustee,	related	to	SolarCity
Corporation’s	5.45%	Solar	Bonds,	Series	2015/C57-15.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.5
	
June	23,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.88
	
Seventy-Eighth	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as	of	June	29,	2015,	by	and
between	SolarCity	Corporation	and	the	Trustee,	related	to	SolarCity
Corporation’s	2.65%	Solar	Bonds,	Series	2015/C59-3.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.3
	
June	29,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.89
	
Seventy-Ninth	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as	of	June	29,	2015,	by	and
between	SolarCity	Corporation	and	the	Trustee,	related	to	SolarCity
Corporation’s	3.60%	Solar	Bonds,	Series	2015/C60-5.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.4
	
June	29,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.90
	
Eightieth	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as	of	June	29,	2015,	by	and	between
SolarCity	Corporation	and	the	Trustee,	related	to	SolarCity	Corporation’s	4.70%
Solar	Bonds,	Series	2015/C61-10.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.5
	
June	29,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.91
	
Eighty-First	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as	of	June	29,	2015,	by	and	between
SolarCity	Corporation	and	the	Trustee,	related	to	SolarCity	Corporation’s	5.45%
Solar	Bonds,	Series	2015/C62-15.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.6
	
June	29,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.92
	
Eighty-Third	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as	of	July	14,	2015,	by	and	between
SolarCity	Corporation	and	the	Trustee,	related	to	SolarCity	Corporation’s	2.65%
Solar	Bonds,	Series	2015/C64-3.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.3
	
July	14,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.93
	
Eighty-Fourth	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as	of	July	14,	2015,	by	and
between	SolarCity	Corporation	and	the	Trustee,	related	to	SolarCity
Corporation’s	3.60%	Solar	Bonds,	Series	2015/C65-5.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.4
	
July	14,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.94
	
Eighty-Fifth	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as	of	July	14,	2015,	by	and	between
SolarCity	Corporation	and	the	Trustee,	related	to	SolarCity	Corporation’s	4.70%
Solar	Bonds,	Series	2015/C66-10.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.5
	
July	14,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.95
	
Eighty-Sixth	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as	of	July	14,	2015,	by	and	between
SolarCity	Corporation	and	the	Trustee,	related	to	SolarCity	Corporation’s	5.45%
Solar	Bonds,	Series	2015/C67-15.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.6
	
July	14,	2015
	
	
	
117	
Exhibit
Number
		
	
		
Incorporated	by	Reference
		
Filed
Herewith
		
Exhibit	Description
		
Form
		
File	No.
		
Exhibit
		
Filing	Date
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.96
	
Eighty-Eighth	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as	of	July	20,	2015,	by	and
between	SolarCity	Corporation	and	the	Trustee,	related	to	SolarCity
Corporation’s	2.65%	Solar	Bonds,	Series	2015/C69-3.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.3
	
July	21,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.97
	
Eighty-Ninth	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as	of	July	20,	2015,	by	and	between
SolarCity	Corporation	and	the	Trustee,	related	to	SolarCity	Corporation’s	3.60%
Solar	Bonds,	Series	2015/C70-5.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.4
	
July	21,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.98
	
Ninetieth	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as	of	July	20,	2015,	by	and	between
SolarCity	Corporation	and	the	Trustee,	related	to	SolarCity	Corporation’s	4.70%
Solar	Bonds,	Series	2015/C71-10.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.5
	
July	21,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.99
	
Ninety-First	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as	of	July	20,	2015,	by	and	between
SolarCity	Corporation	and	the	Trustee,	related	to	SolarCity	Corporation’s	5.45%
Solar	Bonds,	Series	2015/C72-15.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.6
	
July	21,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.100
	
Ninety-Third	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as	of	July	31,	2015,	by	and	between
SolarCity	Corporation	and	the	Trustee,	related	to	SolarCity	Corporation’s	3.00%
Solar	Bonds,	Series	2015/18-3.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.3
	
July	31,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.101
	
Ninety-Fourth	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as	of	July	31,	2015,	by	and
between	SolarCity	Corporation	and	the	Trustee,	related	to	SolarCity
Corporation’s	4.00%	Solar	Bonds,	Series	2015/19-5.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.4
	
July	31,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.102
	
Ninety-Fifth	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as	of	July	31,	2015,	by	and	between
SolarCity	Corporation	and	the	Trustee,	related	to	SolarCity	Corporation’s	5.00%
Solar	Bonds,	Series	2015/20-10.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.5
	
July	31,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.103
	
Ninety-Sixth	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as	of	July	31,	2015,	by	and	between
SolarCity	Corporation	and	the	Trustee,	related	to	SolarCity	Corporation’s	5.75%
Solar	Bonds,	Series	2015/21-15.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.6
	
July	31,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.104
	
Ninety-Eighth	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as	of	August	3,	2015,	by	and
between	SolarCity	Corporation	and	the	Trustee,	related	to	SolarCity
Corporation’s	2.65%	Solar	Bonds,	Series	2015/C74-3.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.3
	
August	3,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
118	
Exhibit
Number
		
	
		
Incorporated	by	Reference
		
Filed
Herewith
		
Exhibit	Description
		
Form
		
File	No.
		
Exhibit
		
Filing	Date
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.105
	
Ninety-Ninth	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as	of	August	3,	2015,	by	and
between	SolarCity	Corporation	and	the	Trustee,	related	to	SolarCity
Corporation’s	3.60%	Solar	Bonds,	Series	2015/C75-5.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.4
	
August	3,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.106
	
One	Hundredth	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as	of	August	3,	2015,	by	and
between	SolarCity	Corporation	and	the	Trustee,	related	to	SolarCity
Corporation’s	4.70%	Solar	Bonds,	Series	2015/C76-10.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.5
	
August	3,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.107
	
One	Hundred-and-First	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as	of	August	3,	2015,	by
and	between	SolarCity	Corporation	and	the	Trustee,	related	to	SolarCity
Corporation’s	5.45%	Solar	Bonds,	Series	2015/C77-15.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.6
	
August	3,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.108
	
One	Hundred-and-Third	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as	of	August	10,	2015,
by	and	between	SolarCity	Corporation	and	the	Trustee,	related	to	SolarCity
Corporation’s	2.65%	Solar	Bonds,	Series	2015/C79-3.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.3
	
August	10,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.109
	
One	Hundred-and-Fourth	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as	of	August	10,	2015,
by	and	between	SolarCity	Corporation	and	the	Trustee,	related	to	SolarCity
Corporation’s	3.60%	Solar	Bonds,	Series	2015/C80-5.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.4
	
August	10,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.110
	
One	Hundred-and-Fifth	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as	of	August	10,	2015,	by
and	between	SolarCity	Corporation	and	the	Trustee,	related	to	SolarCity
Corporation’s	4.70%	Solar	Bonds,	Series	2015/C81-10.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.5
	
August	10,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.111
	
One	Hundred-and-Sixth	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as	of	August	10,	2015,
by	and	between	SolarCity	Corporation	and	the	Trustee,	related	to	SolarCity
Corporation’s	5.45%	Solar	Bonds,	Series	2015/C82-15.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.6
	
August	10,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.112
	
One	Hundred-and-Eighth	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as	of	August	17,	2015,
by	and	between	SolarCity	Corporation	and	the	Trustee,	related	to	SolarCity
Corporation’s	2.65%	Solar	Bonds,	Series	2015/C84-3.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.3
	
August	17,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.113
	
One	Hundred-and-Ninth	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as	of	August	17,	2015,
by	and	between	SolarCity	Corporation	and	the	Trustee,	related	to	SolarCity
Corporation’s	3.60%	Solar	Bonds,	Series	2015/C85-5.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.4
	
August	17,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.114
	
One	Hundred-and-Tenth	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as	of	August	17,	2015,
by	and	between	SolarCity	Corporation	and	the	Trustee,	related	to	SolarCity
Corporation’s	4.70%	Solar	Bonds,	Series	2015/C86-10.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.5
	
August	17,	2015
	
	
	
119	
Exhibit
Number
		
	
		
Incorporated	by	Reference
		
Filed
Herewith
		
Exhibit	Description
		
Form
		
File	No.
		
Exhibit
		
Filing	Date
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.115
	
One	Hundred-and-Eleventh	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as	of	August	17,
2015,	by	and	between	SolarCity	Corporation	and	the	Trustee,	related	to
SolarCity	Corporation’s	5.45%	Solar	Bonds,	Series	2015/C87-15.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.6
	
August	17,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.116
	
One	Hundred-and-Thirteenth	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as	of	August	24,
2015,	by	and	between	SolarCity	Corporation	and	the	Trustee,	related	to
SolarCity	Corporation’s	2.65%	Solar	Bonds,	Series	2015/C89-3.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.3
	
August	24,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.117
	
One	Hundred-and-Fourteenth	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as	of	August	24,
2015,	by	and	between	SolarCity	Corporation	and	the	Trustee,	related	to
SolarCity	Corporation’s	3.60%	Solar	Bonds,	Series	2015/C90-5.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.4
	
August	24,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.118
	
One	Hundred-and-Fifteenth	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as	of	August	24,
2015,	by	and	between	SolarCity	Corporation	and	the	Trustee,	related	to
SolarCity	Corporation’s	4.70%	Solar	Bonds,	Series	2015/C91-10.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.5
	
August	24,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.119
	
One	Hundred-and-Sixteenth	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as	of	August	24,
2015,	by	and	between	SolarCity	Corporation	and	the	Trustee,	related	to
SolarCity	Corporation’s	5.45%	Solar	Bonds,	Series	2015/C92-15.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.6
	
August	24,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.120
	
One	Hundred-and-Eighteenth	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as	of	August	31,
2015,	by	and	between	SolarCity	Corporation	and	the	Trustee,	related	to
SolarCity	Corporation’s	2.65%	Solar	Bonds,	Series	2015/C94-3.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.3
	
August	31,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.121
	
One	Hundred-and-Nineteenth	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as	of	August	31,
2015,	by	and	between	SolarCity	Corporation	and	the	Trustee,	related	to
SolarCity	Corporation’s	3.60%	Solar	Bonds,	Series	2015/C95-5.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.4
	
August	31,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.122
	
One	Hundred-and-Twentieth	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as	of	August	31,
2015,	by	and	between	SolarCity	Corporation	and	the	Trustee,	related	to
SolarCity	Corporation’s	4.70%	Solar	Bonds,	Series	2015/C96-10.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.5
	
August	31,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.123
	
One	Hundred-and-Twenty-First	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as	of	August	31,
2015,	by	and	between	SolarCity	Corporation	and	the	Trustee,	related	to
SolarCity	Corporation’s	5.45%	Solar	Bonds,	Series	2015/C97-15.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.6
	
August	31,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
120	
Exhibit
Number
		
	
		
Incorporated	by	Reference
		
Filed
Herewith
		
Exhibit	Description
		
Form
		
File	No.
		
Exhibit
		
Filing	Date
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.124
	
One	Hundred-and-Twenty-Second	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as	of
September	11,	2015,	by	and	between	SolarCity	Corporation	and	the	Trustee,
related	to	SolarCity	Corporation’s	Solar	Bonds,	Series	2015/R1.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.2
	
September	11,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.125
	
One	Hundred-and-Twenty-Third	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as	of	September
11,	2015,	by	and	between	SolarCity	Corporation	and	the	Trustee,	related	to
SolarCity	Corporation’s	Solar	Bonds,	Series	2015/R2.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.3
	
September	11,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.126
	
One	Hundred-and-Twenty-Fourth	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as	of
September	11,	2015,	by	and	between	SolarCity	Corporation	and	the	Trustee,
related	to	SolarCity	Corporation’s	Solar	Bonds,	Series	2015/R3.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.4
	
September	11,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.127
	
One	Hundred-and-Twenty-Sixth	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as	of	September
14,	2015,	by	and	between	SolarCity	Corporation	and	the	Trustee,	related	to
SolarCity	Corporation’s	2.65%	Solar	Bonds,	Series	2015/C99-3.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.3
	
September	15,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.128
	
One	Hundred-and-Twenty-Seventh	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as	of
September	14,	2015,	by	and	between	SolarCity	Corporation	and	the	Trustee,
related	to	SolarCity	Corporation’s	3.60%	Solar	Bonds,	Series	2015/C100-5.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.4
	
September	15,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.129
	
One	Hundred-and-Twenty-Eighth	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as	of
September	14,	2015,	by	and	between	SolarCity	Corporation	and	the	Trustee,
related	to	SolarCity	Corporation’s	4.70%	Solar	Bonds,	Series	2015/C101-10.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.5
	
September	15,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.130
	
One	Hundred-and-Twenty-Ninth	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as	of	September
14,	2015,	by	and	between	SolarCity	Corporation	and	the	Trustee,	related	to
SolarCity	Corporation’s	5.45%	Solar	Bonds,	Series	2015/C102-15.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.6
	
September	15,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.131
	
One	Hundred-and-Thirty-First	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as	of	September
28,	2015,	by	and	between	SolarCity	Corporation	and	the	Trustee,	related	to
SolarCity	Corporation’s	2.65%	Solar	Bonds,	Series	2015/C104-3.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.3
	
September	29,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
121	
Exhibit
Number
		
	
		
Incorporated	by	Reference
		
Filed
Herewith
		
Exhibit	Description
		
Form
		
File	No.
		
Exhibit
		
Filing	Date
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.132
	
One	Hundred-and-Thirty-Second	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as	of
September	28,	2015,	by	and	between	SolarCity	Corporation	and	the	Trustee,
related	to	SolarCity	Corporation’s	3.60%	Solar	Bonds,	Series	2015/C105-5.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.4
	
September	29,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.133
	
One	Hundred-and-Thirty-Third	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as	of	September
28,	2015,	by	and	between	SolarCity	Corporation	and	the	Trustee,	related	to
SolarCity	Corporation’s	4.70%	Solar	Bonds,	Series	2015/C106-10.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.5
	
September	29,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.134
	
One	Hundred-and-Thirty-Fourth	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as	of	September
28,	2015,	by	and	between	SolarCity	Corporation	and	the	Trustee,	related	to
SolarCity	Corporation’s	5.45%	Solar	Bonds,	Series	2015/C107-15.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.6
	
September	29,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.135
	
One	Hundred-and-Thirty-Sixth	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as	of	October	13,
2015,	by	and	between	SolarCity	Corporation	and	the	Trustee,	related	to
SolarCity	Corporation’s	2.65%	Solar	Bonds,	Series	2015/C109-3.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.3
	
October	13,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.136
	
One	Hundred-and-Thirty-Seventh	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as	of	October
13,	2015,	by	and	between	SolarCity	Corporation	and	the	Trustee,	related	to
SolarCity	Corporation’s	3.60%	Solar	Bonds,	Series	2015/C110-5.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.4
	
October	13,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.137
	
One	Hundred-and-Thirty-Eighth	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as	of	October
13,	2015,	by	and	between	SolarCity	Corporation	and	the	Trustee,	related	to
SolarCity	Corporation’s	4.70%	Solar	Bonds,	Series	2015/C111-10.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.5
	
October	13,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.138
	
One	Hundred-and-Thirty-Ninth	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as	of	October	13,
2015,	by	and	between	SolarCity	Corporation	and	the	Trustee,	related	to
SolarCity	Corporation’s	5.45%	Solar	Bonds,	Series	2015/C112-15.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.6
	
October	13,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.139
	
One	Hundred-and-Forty-First	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as	of	October	30,
2015,	by	and	between	SolarCity	Corporation	and	the	Trustee,	related	to
SolarCity	Corporation’s	3.00%	Solar	Bonds,	Series	2015/23-3.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.3
	
October	30,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
122	
Exhibit
Number
		
	
		
Incorporated	by	Reference
		
Filed
Herewith
		
Exhibit	Description
		
Form
		
File	No.
		
Exhibit
		
Filing	Date
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.140
	
One	Hundred-and-Forty-Second	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as	of	October
30,	2015,	by	and	between	SolarCity	Corporation	and	the	Trustee,	related	to
SolarCity	Corporation’s	4.00%	Solar	Bonds,	Series	2015/24-5.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.4
	
October	30,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.141
	
One	Hundred-and-Forty-Third	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as	of	October	30,
2015,	by	and	between	SolarCity	Corporation	and	the	Trustee,	related	to
SolarCity	Corporation’s	5.00%	Solar	Bonds,	Series	2015/25-10.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.5
	
October	30,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.142
	
One	Hundred-and-Forty-Fourth	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as	of	October	30,
2015,	by	and	between	SolarCity	Corporation	and	the	Trustee,	related	to
SolarCity	Corporation’s	5.75%	Solar	Bonds,	Series	2015/26-15.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.6
	
October	30,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.143
	
One	Hundred-and-Forty-Sixth	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as	of	November	4,
2015,	by	and	between	SolarCity	Corporation	and	the	Trustee,	related	to
SolarCity	Corporation’s	2.65%	Solar	Bonds,	Series	2015/C114-3.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.3
	
November	4,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.144
	
One	Hundred-and-Forty-Seventh	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as	of	November
4,	2015,	by	and	between	SolarCity	Corporation	and	the	Trustee,	related	to
SolarCity	Corporation’s	3.60%	Solar	Bonds,	Series	2015/C115-5.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.4
	
November	4,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.145
	
One	Hundred-and-Forty-Eighth	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as	of	November
4,	2015,	by	and	between	SolarCity	Corporation	and	the	Trustee,	related	to
SolarCity	Corporation’s	4.70%	Solar	Bonds,	Series	2015/C116-10.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.5
	
November	4,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.146
	
One	Hundred-and-Forty-Ninth	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as	of	November	4,
2015,	by	and	between	SolarCity	Corporation	and	the	Trustee,	related	to
SolarCity	Corporation’s	5.45%	Solar	Bonds,	Series	2015/C117-15.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.6
	
November	4,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.147
	
One	Hundred-and-Fifty-First	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as	of	November	16,
2015,	by	and	between	SolarCity	Corporation	and	the	Trustee,	related	to
SolarCity	Corporation’s	2.65%	Solar	Bonds,	Series	2015/C119-3.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.3
	
November	17,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
123	
Exhibit
Number
		
	
		
Incorporated	by	Reference
		
Filed
Herewith
		
Exhibit	Description
		
Form
		
File	No.
		
Exhibit
		
Filing	Date
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.148
	
One	Hundred-and-Fifty-Second	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as	of	November
16,	2015,	by	and	between	SolarCity	Corporation	and	the	Trustee,	related	to
SolarCity	Corporation’s	3.60%	Solar	Bonds,	Series	2015/C120-5.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.4
	
November	17,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.149
	
One	Hundred-and-Fifty-Third	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as	of	November	16,
2015,	by	and	between	SolarCity	Corporation	and	the	Trustee,	related	to
SolarCity	Corporation’s	4.70%	Solar	Bonds,	Series	2015/C121-10.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.5
	
November	17,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.150
	
One	Hundred-and-Fifty-Fourth	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as	of	November
16,	2015,	by	and	between	SolarCity	Corporation	and	the	Trustee,	related	to
SolarCity	Corporation’s	5.45%	Solar	Bonds,	Series	2015/C122-15.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.6
	
November	17,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.151
	
One	Hundred-and-Fifty-Sixth	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as	of	November	30,
2015,	by	and	between	SolarCity	Corporation	and	the	Trustee,	related	to
SolarCity	Corporation’s	2.65%	Solar	Bonds,	Series	2015/C124-3.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.3
	
November	30,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.152
	
One	Hundred-and-Fifty-Seventh	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as	of	November
30,	2015,	by	and	between	SolarCity	Corporation	and	the	Trustee,	related	to
SolarCity	Corporation’s	3.60%	Solar	Bonds,	Series	2015/C125-5.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.4
	
November	30,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.153
	
One	Hundred-and-Fifty-Eighth	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as	of	November
30,	2015,	by	and	between	SolarCity	Corporation	and	the	Trustee,	related	to
SolarCity	Corporation’s	4.70%	Solar	Bonds,	Series	2015/C126-10.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.5
	
November	30,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.154
	
One	Hundred-and-Fifty-Ninth	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as	of	November
30,	2015,	by	and	between	SolarCity	Corporation	and	the	Trustee,	related	to
SolarCity	Corporation’s	5.45%	Solar	Bonds,	Series	2015/C127-15.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.6
	
November	30,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.155
	
One	Hundred-and-Sixty-First	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as	of	December	14,
2015,	by	and	between	SolarCity	Corporation	and	the	Trustee,	related	to
SolarCity	Corporation’s	2.65%	Solar	Bonds,	Series	2015/C129-3.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.3
	
December	14,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
124	
Exhibit
Number
		
	
		
Incorporated	by	Reference
		
Filed
Herewith
		
Exhibit	Description
		
Form
		
File	No.
		
Exhibit
		
Filing	Date
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.156
	
One	Hundred-and-Sixty-Second	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as	of	December
14,	2015,	by	and	between	SolarCity	Corporation	and	the	Trustee,	related	to
SolarCity	Corporation’s	3.60%	Solar	Bonds,	Series	2015/C130-5.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.4
	
December	14,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.157
	
One	Hundred-and-Sixty-Third	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as	of	December
14,	2015,	by	and	between	SolarCity	Corporation	and	the	Trustee,	related	to
SolarCity	Corporation’s	4.70%	Solar	Bonds,	Series	2015/C131-10.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.5
	
December	14,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.158
	
One	Hundred-and-Sixty-Fourth	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as	of	December
14,	2015,	by	and	between	SolarCity	Corporation	and	the	Trustee,	related	to
SolarCity	Corporation’s	5.45%	Solar	Bonds,	Series	2015/C132-15.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.6
	
December	14,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.159
	
One	Hundred-and-Sixty-Sixth	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as	of	December	28,
2015,	by	and	between	SolarCity	Corporation	and	the	Trustee,	related	to
SolarCity	Corporation’s	2.65%	Solar	Bonds,	Series	2015/C134-3.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.3
	
December	28,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.160
	
One	Hundred-and-Sixty-Seventh	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as	of	December
28,	2015,	by	and	between	SolarCity	Corporation	and	the	Trustee,	related	to
SolarCity	Corporation’s	3.60%	Solar	Bonds,	Series	2015/C135-5.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.4
	
December	28,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.161
	
One	Hundred-and-Sixty-Eighth	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as	of	December
28,	2015,	by	and	between	SolarCity	Corporation	and	the	Trustee,	related	to
SolarCity	Corporation’s	4.70%	Solar	Bonds,	Series	2015/C136-10.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.5
	
December	28,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.162
	
One	Hundred-and-Sixty-Ninth	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as	of	December
28,	2015,	by	and	between	SolarCity	Corporation	and	the	Trustee,	related	to
SolarCity	Corporation’s	5.45%	Solar	Bonds,	Series	2015/C137-15.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.6
	
December	28,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.163
	
One	Hundred-and-Seventy-First	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as	of	January	29,
2016,	by	and	between	SolarCity	Corporation	and	the	Trustee,	related	to
SolarCity	Corporation’s	3.00%	Solar	Bonds,	Series	2016/2-3.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.3
	
January	29,	2016
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
125	
Exhibit
Number
		
	
		
Incorporated	by	Reference
		
Filed
Herewith
		
Exhibit	Description
		
Form
		
File	No.
		
Exhibit
		
Filing	Date
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.164
	
One	Hundred-and-Seventy-Second	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as	of	January
29,	2016,	by	and	between	SolarCity	Corporation	and	the	Trustee,	related	to
SolarCity	Corporation’s	4.00%	Solar	Bonds,	Series	2016/3-5.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.4
	
January	29,	2016
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.165
	
One	Hundred-and-Seventy-Third	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as	of	January
29,	2016,	by	and	between	SolarCity	Corporation	and	the	Trustee,	related	to
SolarCity	Corporation’s	5.00%	Solar	Bonds,	Series	2016/4-10.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.5
	
January	29,	2016
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.166
	
One	Hundred-and-Seventy-Fourth	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as	of	January
29,	2016,	by	and	between	SolarCity	Corporation	and	the	Trustee,	related	to
SolarCity	Corporation’s	5.75%	Solar	Bonds,	Series	2016/5-15.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.6
	
January	29,	2016
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.167
	
One	Hundred-and-Seventy-Sixth	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as	of	February
26,	2016,	by	and	between	SolarCity	Corporation	and	the	Trustee,	related	to
SolarCity	Corporation’s	4.50%	Solar	Bonds,	Series	2016/7-3.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.3
	
February	26,	2016
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.168
	
One	Hundred-and-Seventy-Seventh	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as	of
February	26,	2016,	by	and	between	SolarCity	Corporation	and	the	Trustee,
related	to	SolarCity	Corporation’s	5.25%	Solar	Bonds,	Series	2016/8-5.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.4
	
February	26,	2016
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.169
	
One	Hundred-and-Seventy-Eighth	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as	of	March
21,	2016,	by	and	between	SolarCity	Corporation	and	the	Trustee,	related	to
SolarCity	Corporation’s	4.40%	Solar	Bonds,	Series	2016/9-1.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.2
	
March	21,	2016
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.170
	
One	Hundred-and-Seventy-Ninth	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as	of	March	21,
2016,	by	and	between	SolarCity	Corporation	and	the	Trustee,	related	to
SolarCity	Corporation’s	5.25%	Solar	Bonds,	Series	2016/10-5.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.3
	
March	21,	2016
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.171
	
One	Hundred-and-Eightieth	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as	of	June	10,	2016,
by	and	between	SolarCity	Corporation	and	the	Trustee,	related	to	SolarCity
Corporation’s	4.40%	Solar	Bonds,	Series	2016/11-1.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.2
	
June	10,	2016
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
126	
Exhibit
Number
		
	
		
Incorporated	by	Reference
		
Filed
Herewith
		
Exhibit	Description
		
Form
		
File	No.
		
Exhibit
		
Filing	Date
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.172
	
One	Hundred-and-Eighty-First	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as	of	June	10,
2016,	by	and	between	SolarCity	Corporation	and	the	Trustee,	related	to
SolarCity	Corporation’s	5.25%	Solar	Bonds,	Series	2016/12-5.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.3
	
June	10,	2016
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.173
	
One	Hundred-and-Eighty-Second	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as	of
August	17,	2016,	by	and	between	SolarCity	Corporation	and	the	Trustee,	related
to	SolarCity	Corporation’s	6.50%	Solar	Bonds,	Series	2016/13-18M
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.2
	
August	17,	2016
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		10.1**
		
Form	of	Indemnification	Agreement	between	the	Registrant	and	its	directors	and
officers
		
S-1/A
		
333-164593
		
10.1
		
June	15,	2010
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		10.2**
		
2003	Equity	Incentive	Plan
		
S-1/A
		
333-164593
		
10.2
		
May	27,	2010
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		10.3**
		
Form	of	Stock	Option	Agreement	under	2003	Equity	Incentive	Plan.
		
S-1
		
333-164593
		
10.3
		
January	29,	2010
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		10.4**
		
Grant	Notice	and	Stock	Option	Agreement	between	the	Registrant	and	Elon
Musk.
		
S-1/A
		
333-164593
		
10.3A
		
March	29,	2010
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	10.5**
		
Amended	and	Restated	2010	Equity	Incentive	Plan,	effective	as	of	February	1,
2017.
		
—
	
—
	
—
	
—
	
X
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		10.6**
		
Form	of	Stock	Option	Agreement	under	2010	Equity	Incentive	Plan.
		
—
	
—
	
—
	
—
	
X
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		10.7**
		
Form	of	Restricted	Stock	Unit	Award	Agreement	under	2010	Equity	Incentive
Plan.
		
—
	
—
	
—
	
—
	
X
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		10.8**
		
Amended	and	Restated	2010	Employee	Stock	Purchase	Plan,	effective	as	of
February	1,	2017.
	
—
	
—
	
—
	
—
	
X
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		10.9**
	
2007	SolarCity	Corporation	Stock	Plan	and	form	of	agreements	used	thereunder.
	
S-1(1)
	
333-184317
	
10.2
	
October	5,	2012
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		10.10**
	
2012	SolarCity	Corporation	Equity	Incentive	Plan	and	form	of	agreements	used
thereunder.
	
S-1(1)
	
333-184317
	
10.3
	
October	5,	2012
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		10.11**
	
2010	Zep	Solar,	Inc.	Equity	Incentive	Plan	and	form	of	agreements	used
thereunder.
	
S-8(1)
	
333-192996
	
4.5
	
December	20,	2013
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		10.12**
		
Offer	Letter	between	the	Registrant	and	Elon	Musk	dated	October	13,	2008.
		
S-1
		
333-164593
		
10.9
		
January	29,	2010
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		10.13**
		
Offer	Letter	between	the	Registrant	and	Jeffrey	B.	Straubel	dated	May	6,	2004.
		
S-1
		
333-164593
		
10.12
		
January	29,	2010
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		10.14**
		
Offer	Letter	between	the	Registrant	and	Jason	Wheeler	dated	October	8,	2015.
		
10-K
		
001-34756
		
10.12
		
February	24,	2016
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
127	
Exhibit
Number
		
	
		
Incorporated	by	Reference
		
Filed
Herewith
		
Exhibit	Description
		
Form
		
File	No.
		
Exhibit
		
Filing	Date
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		10.15
		
Commercial	Lease	between	the	Registrant	and	The	Board	of	Trustees	of	The
Leland	Stanford	Jr.	University	dated	August	6,	2009.
		
S-1
		
333-164593
		
10.22
		
January	29,	2010
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		10.16
		
Letter	Agreement	between	the	Registrant	and	New	United	Motor
Manufacturing,	Inc.	dated	May	26,	2010.
		
S-1/A
		
333-164593
		
10.45
		
May	27,	2010
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		10.17
		
Amendment	No.	1	to	the	Letter	Agreement	between	the	Registrant	and	New
United	Motor	Manufacturing,	Inc.	dated	June	15,	2010.
		
10-Q
		
001-34756
		
10.3
		
November	12,	2010
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		10.18
		
Amendment	No.	2	to	the	Letter	Agreement	between	the	Registrant	and	New
United	Motor	Manufacturing,	Inc.	dated	October	1,	2010.
		
10-Q
		
001-34756
		
10.4
		
November	12,	2010
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		10.19
		
Amendment	No.	3	to	the	Letter	Agreement	between	the	Registrant	and	New
United	Motor	Manufacturing,	Inc.	dated	October	8,	2010.
		
10-Q
		
001-34756
		
10.5
		
November	12,	2010
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		10.20
		
Amendment	No.	4	to	the	Letter	Agreement	between	the	Registrant	and	New
United	Motor	Manufacturing,	Inc.	dated	October	13,	2010.
		
10-Q
		
001-34756
		
10.6
		
November	12,	2010
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		10.21
		
Amendment	No.	5	to	the	Letter	Agreement	between	the	Registrant	and	New
United	Motor	Manufacturing,	Inc.	dated	October	15,	2010.
		
10-Q
		
001-34756
		
10.7
		
November	12,	2010
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		10.22†
		
Amendment	No.	6	to	the	Letter	Agreement	between	the	Registrant	and	New
United	Motor	Manufacturing,	Inc.	dated	October	19,	2010.
		
10-Q
		
001-34756
		
10.8
		
November	12,	2010
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		10.23
		
Sale	and	Purchase	Agreement	between	Registrant	and	New	United	Motor
Manufacturing,	Inc.,	dated	August	13,	2010.
		
10-Q
		
001-34756
		
10.1
		
November	12,	2010
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		10.24
		
Addendum	No.	1to	the	Sale	and	Purchase	Agreement	between	Registrant	and
New	United	Motor	Manufacturing,	Inc.,	dated	September	23,	2010.
		
10-Q
		
001-34756
		
10.2
		
November	12,	2010
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		10.25†
		
Supply	Agreement	between	Panasonic	Corporation	and	the	Registrant	dated
October	5,	2011.
		
10-K
		
-001-34756
		
10.50
		
February	27,	2012
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		10.26†
		
Amendment	No.	1	to	Supply	Agreement	between	Panasonic	Corporation	and	the
Registrant	dated	October	29,	2013.
		
10-K
		
001-34756
		
10.35A
		
February	26,	2014
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		10.27
		
Form	of	Call	Option	Confirmation	relating	to	1.50%	Convertible	Senior	Note	Due
June	1,	2018.
		
8-K
		
001-34756
		
10.1
		
May	22,	2013
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
128	
Exhibit
Number
		
	
		
Incorporated	by	Reference
		
Filed
Herewith
		
Exhibit	Description
		
Form
		
File	No.
		
Exhibit
		
Filing	Date
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		10.28
		
Form	of	Warrant	Confirmation	relating	to	1.50%	Convertible	Senior	Note	Due
June	1,	2018.
		
8-K
		
001-34756
		
10.2
		
May	22,	2013
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		10.29
	
Indemnification	Agreement,	dated	as	of	February	27,	2014,	by	and	between	the
Registrant	and	J.P.	Morgan	Securities	LLC.
	
8-K
	
001-34756
	
10.1
	
March	5,	2014
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		10.30
	
Form	of	Call	Option	Confirmation	relating	to	0.25%	Convertible	Senior	Notes
Due	March	1,	2019.
	
8-K
	
001-34756
	
10.2
	
March	5,	2014
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		10.31
	
Form	of	Call	Option	Confirmation	relating	to	1.25%	Convertible	Senior	Notes
Due	March	1,	2021.
	
8-K
	
001-34756
	
10.3
	
March	5,	2014
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		10.32
	
Form	of	Warrant	Confirmation	relating	to	0.25%	Convertible	Senior	Notes	Due
March	1,	2019.
	
8-K
	
001-34756
	
10.4
	
March	5,	2014
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		10.33
	
Form	of	Warrant	Confirmation	relating	to	1.25%	Convertible	Senior	Notes	Due
March	1,	2021.
	
8-K
	
001-34756
	
10.5
	
March	5,	2014
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		10.34
	
Agreement	between	Panasonic	Corporation	and	the	Registrant	dated	July	31,	2014.
	
10-Q
	
001-34756
	
10.1
	
November	7,	2014
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		10.35†
	
General	Terms	and	Conditions	between	Panasonic	Corporation	and	the
Registrant	dated	October	1,	2014.
	
8-K
	
001-34756
	
10.2
	
October	11,	2016
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		10.36
	
Letter	Agreement,	dated	as	of	February	24,	2015,	regarding	addition	of	co-party
to	General	Terms	and	Conditions,	Production	Pricing	Agreement	and	Investment
Letter	Agreement	between	Panasonic	Corporation	and	the	Registrant.
	
10-K
	
001-34756
	
10.25A
	
February	24,	2016
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		10.37†
	
Amendment	to	Gigafactory	General	Terms,	dated	March	1,	2016,	by	and	among
the	Registrant,	Panasonic	Corporation	and	Panasonic	Energy	Corporation	of
North	America.
	
8-K
	
001-34756
	
10.1
	
October	11,	2016
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		10.38†
	
Production	Pricing	Agreement	between	Panasonic	Corporation	and	the
Registrant	dated	October	1,	2014.
	
10-Q
	
001-34756
	
10.3
	
November	7,	2014
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		10.39†
	
Investment	Letter	Agreement	between	Panasonic	Corporation	and	the
Registrant	dated	October	1,	2014.
	
10-Q
	
001-34756
	
10.4
	
November	7,	2014
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		10.40
	
Amendment	to	Gigafactory	Documents,	dated	April	5,	2016,	by	and	among	the
Registrant,	Panasonic	Corporation,	Panasonic	Corporation	of	North	America	and
Panasonic	Energy	Corporation	of	North	America.
	
10-Q
	
001-34756
	
10.2
	
May	10,	2016
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
129	
Exhibit
Number
		
	
		
Incorporated	by	Reference
		
Filed
Herewith
		
Exhibit	Description
		
Form
		
File	No.
		
Exhibit
		
Filing	Date
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		10.41
	
ABL	Credit	Agreement,	dated	as	of	June	10,	2015,	by	and	among	the	Registrant,
Tesla	Motors	Netherlands	B.V.,	certain	of	the	Registrant’s	and	Tesla	Motors
Netherlands	B.V.’s	direct	or	indirect	subsidiaries	from	time	to	time	party
thereto,	as	borrowers,	Wells	Fargo	Bank,	National	Association,	as
documentation	agent,	JPMorgan	Chase	Bank,	N.A.,	Goldman	Sachs	Bank	USA,
Morgan	Stanley	Senior	Funding	Inc.	and	Bank	of	America,	N.A.,	as	syndication
agents,	the	lenders	from	time	to	time	party	thereto,	and	Deutsche	Bank	AG	New
York	Branch,	as	administrative	agent	and	collateral	agent.
	
8-K
	
001-34756
	
10.1
	
June	12,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		10.42
	
First	Amendment,	dated	as	of	November	3,	2015,	to	ABL	Credit	Agreement,
dated	as	of	June	10,	2015,	by	and	among	the	Registrant,	Tesla	Motors
Netherlands	B.V.,	certain	of	the	Registrant’s	and	Tesla	Motors	Netherlands
B.V.’s	direct	or	indirect	subsidiaries	from	time	to	time	party	thereto,	as
borrowers,	and	the	documentation	agent,	syndication	agents,	administrative
agent,	collateral	agent	and	lenders	from	time	to	time	party	thereto.
	
10-Q
	
001-34756
	
10.1
	
November	5,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		10.43
	
Second	Amendment,	dated	as	of	December	31,	2015,	to	ABL	Credit	Agreement,
dated	as	of	June	10,	2015,	by	and	among	the	Registrant,	Tesla	Motors
Netherlands	B.V.,	certain	of	the	Registrant’s	and	Tesla	Motors	Netherlands
B.V.’s	direct	or	indirect	subsidiaries	from	time	to	time	party	thereto,	as
borrowers,	and	the	documentation	agent,	syndication	agents,	administrative
agent,	collateral	agent	and	lenders	from	time	to	time	party	thereto.
	
10-K
	
001-34756
	
10.28B
	
February	24,	2016
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		10.44
	
Third	Amendment,	dated	as	of	February	9,	2016,	to	ABL	Credit	Agreement,
dated	as	of	June	10,	2015,	by	and	among	the	Registrant,	Tesla	Motors
Netherlands	B.V.,	certain	of	the	Registrant’s	and	Tesla	Motors	Netherlands
B.V.’s	direct	or	indirect	subsidiaries	from	time	to	time	party	thereto,	as
borrowers,	and	the	documentation	agent,	syndication	agents,	administrative
agent,	collateral	agent	and	lenders	from	time	to	time	party	thereto.
	
10-K
	
001-34756
	
10.28C
	
February	24,	2016
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
130	
Exhibit
Number
		
	
		
Incorporated	by	Reference
		
Filed
Herewith
		
Exhibit	Description
		
Form
		
File	No.
		
Exhibit
		
Filing	Date
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		10.45
	
Fourth	Amendment	to	Credit	Agreement,	dated	as	of	July	31,	2016,	by	and
among	the	Registrant,	Tesla	Motors	Netherlands	B.V.,	the	lenders	party	thereto
and	Deutsche	Bank	AG	New	York	Branch,	as	administrative	agent	and	collateral
agent.
	
8-K
	
001-34756
	
10.1
	
August	1,	2016
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		10.46
	
Fifth	Amendment	to	Credit	Agreement,	dated	as	of	December	15,	2016,	among
the	Registrant,	Tesla	Motors	Netherlands	B.V.,	the	lenders	party	thereto	and
Deutsche	Bank	AG,	New	York	Branch,	as	administrative	agent	and	collateral
agent.
	
8-K
	
001-34756
	
10.1
	
December	20,	2016
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		10.47†
	
Agreement	for	Tax	Abatement	and	Incentives,	dated	as	of	May	7,	2015,	by	and
between	Tesla	Motors,	Inc.	and	the	State	of	Nevada,	acting	by	and	through	the
Nevada	Governor’s	Office	of	Economic	Development.
	
10-Q
	
001-34756
	
10.1
	
August	7,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		10.48†
	
Loan	and	Security	Agreement,	dated	as	of	August	31,	2016,	by	and	among	Tesla
2014	Warehouse	SPV	LLC,	Tesla	Finance	LLC,	the	Lenders	and	Group	Agents
from	time	to	time	party	thereto,	and	Deutsche	Bank	AG,	New	York	Branch,	as
Administrative	Agent.
	
10-Q
	
001-34756
	
10.2
	
November	2,	2016
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		10.49†
	
Amendment	No.	1	to	Loan	and	Security	Agreement,	dated	as	of	November	1,
2016,	by	and	among	Tesla	2014	Warehouse	SPV	LLC,	Tesla	Finance	LLC,	and
Deutsche	Bank	AG,	New	York	Branch,	as	Administrative	Agent.
	
10-Q
	
001-34756
	
10.3
	
November	2,	2016
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		10.50
	
Amendment	No.	2	to	Loan	and	Security	Agreement,	dated	as	of	December	15,
2016,	among	Tesla	Finance	LLC,	Tesla	2014	Warehouse	SPV	LLC,	the	lenders
and	group	agents	party	thereto	and	Deutsche	Bank	AG,	New	York	Branch,	as
Administrative	Agent.
	
8-K
	
001-34756
	
10.2
	
December	20,	2016
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		10.51
	
Assumption	Agreement,	dated	as	of	December	15,	2016,	among	Tesla	2014
Warehouse	SPV	LLC,	Citibank,	N.A.	as	Group	Agent	and	certain	lenders
affiliated	therewith,	and	Deutsche	Bank	AG,	New	York	Branch,	as	Administrative
Agent.
	
8-K
	
001-34756
	
10.3
	
December	20,	2016
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		
10.52†
	
Amended	and	Restated	Credit	Agreement	among	SolarCity	Corporation,	Bank	of
America,	N.A.	and	other	banks	and	financial	institutions	party	thereto,	dated	as
of	November	1,	2013.
	
10-K/A(1)
	
001-35758
	
10.10e
	
September	4,	2014
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
131	
Exhibit
Number
		
	
		
Incorporated	by	Reference
		
Filed
Herewith
		
Exhibit	Description
		
Form
		
File	No.
		
Exhibit
		
Filing	Date
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		
10.53
	
First	Amendment	to	the	Amended	and	Restated	Credit	Agreement,	dated	as	of
June	27,	2014,	by	and	among	SolarCity	Corporation,	Bank	of	America,	N.A.	and
other	banks	and	financial	institutions	party	thereto.
	
10-Q(1)
	
001-35758
	
10.10f
	
August	7,	2014
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		
10.54†
	
Second	Amendment	to	the	Amended	and	Restated	Credit	Agreement,	dated	as	of
July	11,	2014,	by	and	among	SolarCity	Corporation,	Bank	of	America,	N.A.	and
other	banks	and	financial	institutions	party	thereto.
	
10-Q(1)
	
001-35758
	
10.10g
	
August	7,	2014
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		
10.55
	
Third	Amendment	to	the	Amended	and	Restated	Credit	Agreement,	dated	as	of
September	23,	2014,	by	and	among	SolarCity	Corporation,	the	Lenders	party
hereto	and	Bank	of	America,	N.A.,	as	administrative	agent.
	
10-Q(1)
	
001-35758
	
10.10h
	
November	6,	2014
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		
10.56†
	
Fourth	Amendment	to	the	Amended	and	Restated	Credit	Agreement,	dated	as	of
October	10,	2014,	by	and	among	SolarCity	Corporation,	the	Lenders	party
hereto	and	Bank	of	America,	N.A.,	as	administrative	agent.
	
10-Q(1)
	
001-35758
	
10.10i
	
November	6,	2014
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		
10.57†
	
Fifth	Amendment	to	the	Amended	and	Restated	Credit	Agreement,	dated	as	of
December	19,	2014,	by	and	among	SolarCity	Corporation,	the	Lenders	party
hereto	and	Bank	of	America,	N.A.,	as	administrative	agent.
	
10-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
10.10j
	
February	24,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		
10.58†
	
Sixth	Amendment	to	the	Amended	and	Restated	Credit	Agreement,	dated	as	of
June	24,	2015,	by	and	among	SolarCity	Corporation,	the	Lenders	party	hereto
and	Bank	of	America,	N.A.,	as	administrative	agent.
	
10-Q(1)
	
001-35758
	
10.10k
	
July	30,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		
10.59
	
Seventh	Amendment	to	the	Amended	and	Restated	Credit	Agreement,	dated	as
of	July	24,	2015,	by	and	among	SolarCity	Corporation,	the	Lenders	party	thereto
and	Bank	of	America,	N.A.,	as	administrative	agent.
	
10-Q(1)
	
001-35758
	
10.10l
	
October	30,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		
10.60
	
Eighth	Amendment	to	the	Amended	and	Restated	Credit	Agreement,	dated	as	of
November	17,	2015,	by	and	among	SolarCity	Corporation,	the	Lenders	party
thereto	and	Bank	of	America,	N.A.,	as	administrative	agent.
	
10-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
10.10m
	
February	10,	2016
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
132	
Exhibit
Number
		
	
		
Incorporated	by	Reference
		
Filed
Herewith
		
Exhibit	Description
		
Form
		
File	No.
		
Exhibit
		
Filing	Date
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		
10.61
	
Ninth	Amendment	to	the	Amended	and	Restated	Credit	Agreement,	dated	as	of
December	14,	2015,	by	and	among	SolarCity	Corporation,	the	Lenders	party
thereto	and	Bank	of	America,	N.A.,	as	administrative	agent.
	
10-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
10.10n
	
February	10,	2016
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		
10.62
	
Tenth	Amendment	to	the	Amended	and	Restated	Credit	Agreement,	dated	as	of
March	29,	2016,	by	and	among	SolarCity	Corporation,	the	Lenders	party	thereto
and	Bank	of	America,	N.A.,	as	administrative	agent.
	
10-Q(1)
	
001-35758
	
10.10o
	
May	9,	2016
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		
10.63
	
Eleventh	Amendment	to	the	Amended	and	Restated	Credit	Agreement,	dated	as
of	April	19,	2016,	by	and	among	SolarCity	Corporation,	the	Lenders	party
thereto	and	Bank	of	America,	N.A.,	as	administrative	agent.
	
10-Q(1)
	
001-35758
	
10.10p
	
May	9,	2016
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		
10.64
	
Twelfth	Amendment	to	the	Amended	and	Restated	Credit	Agreement,	dated	as	of
July	24,	2016,	by	and	among	SolarCity	Corporation,	the	Lenders	party	thereto
and	Bank	of	America,	N.A.,	as	administrative	agent.
	
10-Q(1)
	
001-35758
	
10.10q
	
August	9,	2016
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		
10.65
	
Thirteenth	Amendment	to	the	Amended	and	Restated	Credit	Agreement,	dated
as	of	July	25,	2016,	by	and	among	SolarCity	Corporation,	the	Lenders	party
thereto	and	Bank	of	America,	N.A.,	as	administrative	agent.
	
10-Q(1)
	
001-35758
	
10.10r
	
August	9,	2016
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		10.66
	
Fourteenth	Amendment	to	the	Amended	and	Restated	Credit	Agreement,	dated
as	of	December	29,	2016,	by	and	among	SolarCity	Corporation,	the	Lenders
party	thereto	and	Bank	of	America,	N.A.,	as	administrative	agent.
	
10-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
10.10s
	
March	1,	2017
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		10.67
	
Amended	and	Restated	Agreement	For	Research	&	Development	Alliance	on
Triex	Module	Technology,	effective	as	of	September	2,	2014,	by	and	between
The	Research	Foundation	For	The	State	University	of	New	York,	on	behalf	of	the
College	of	Nanoscale	Science	and	Engineering	of	the	State	University	of	New
York,	and	Silevo,	Inc.
	
10-Q(1)
	
001-35758
	
10.16
	
November	6,	2014
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
133	
Exhibit
Number
		
	
		
Incorporated	by	Reference
		
Filed
Herewith
		
Exhibit	Description
		
Form
		
File	No.
		
Exhibit
		
Filing	Date
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		10.68
	
First	Amendment	to	Amended	and	Restated	Agreement	For	Research	&
Development	Alliance	on	Triex	Module	Technology,	effective	as	of	October	31,
2014,	by	and	between	The	Research	Foundation	For	The	State	University	of
New	York,	on	behalf	of	the	College	of	Nanoscale	Science	and	Engineering	of	the
State	University	of	New	York,	and	Silevo,	Inc.
	
10-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
10.16a
	
February	24,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		10.69
	
Second	Amendment	to	Amended	and	Restated	Agreement	For	Research	&
Development	Alliance	on	Triex	Module	Technology,	effective	as	of	December	15,
2014,	by	and	between	The	Research	Foundation	For	The	State	University	of
New	York,	on	behalf	of	the	College	of	Nanoscale	Science	and	Engineering	of	the
State	University	of	New	York,	and	Silevo,	Inc.
	
10-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
10.16b
	
February	24,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		10.70
	
Third	Amendment	to	Amended	and	Restated	Agreement	For	Research	&
Development	Alliance	on	Triex	Module	Technology,	effective	as	of	February	12,
2015,	by	and	between	The	Research	Foundation	For	The	State	University	of
New	York,	on	behalf	of	the	College	of	Nanoscale	Science	and	Engineering	of	the
State	University	of	New	York,	and	Silevo,	Inc.
	
10-Q(1)
	
001-35758
	
10.16c
	
May	6,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		10.71
	
Fourth	Amendment	to	Amended	and	Restated	Agreement	For	Research	&
Development	Alliance	on	Triex	Module	Technology,	effective	as	of	March	30,
2015,	by	and	between	The	Research	Foundation	For	The	State	University	of
New	York,	on	behalf	of	the	College	of	Nanoscale	Science	and	Engineering	of	the
State	University	of	New	York,	and	Silevo,	Inc.
	
10-Q(1)
	
001-35758
	
10.16d
	
May	6,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		10.72
	
Fifth	Amendment	to	Amended	and	Restated	Agreement	For	Research	&
Development	Alliance	on	Triex	Module	Technology,	effective	as	of	June	30,	2015,
by	and	between	The	Research	Foundation	For	The	State	University	of	New	York,
on	behalf	of	the	College	of	Nanoscale	Science	and	Engineering	of	the	State
University	of	New	York,	and	Silevo,	LLC.
	
10-Q(1)
	
001-35758
	
10.16e
	
July	30,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
134	
Exhibit
Number
		
	
		
Incorporated	by	Reference
		
Filed
Herewith
		
Exhibit	Description
		
Form
		
File	No.
		
Exhibit
		
Filing	Date
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		10.73
	
Sixth	Amendment	to	Amended	and	Restated	Agreement	For	Research	&
Development	Alliance	on	Triex	Module	Technology,	effective	as	of	September	1,
2015,	by	and	between	The	Research	Foundation	For	The	State	University	of
New	York,	on	behalf	of	the	College	of	Nanoscale	Science	and	Engineering	of	the
State	University	of	New	York,	and	Silevo,	LLC.
	
10-Q(1)
	
001-35758
	
10.16f
	
October	30,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		10.74
	
Seventh	Amendment	to	Amended	and	Restated	Agreement	For	Research	&
Development	Alliance	on	Triex	Module	Technology,	effective	as	of	October	9,
2015,	by	and	between	The	Research	Foundation	For	The	State	University	of
New	York,	on	behalf	of	the	College	of	Nanoscale	Science	and	Engineering	of	the
State	University	of	New	York,	and	Silevo,	LLC.
	
10-Q(1)
	
001-35758
	
10.16g
	
October	30,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		10.75
	
Eighth	Amendment	to	Amended	and	Restated	Agreement	For	Research	&
Development	Alliance	on	Triex	Module	Technology,	effective	as	of	October	26,
2015,	by	and	between	The	Research	Foundation	For	The	State	University	of
New	York,	on	behalf	of	the	College	of	Nanoscale	Science	and	Engineering	of	the
State	University	of	New	York,	and	Silevo,	LLC.
	
10-Q(1)
	
001-35758
	
10.16h
	
October	30,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		10.76
	
Ninth	Amendment	to	Amended	and	Restated	Agreement	For	Research	&
Development	Alliance	on	Triex	Module	Technology,	effective	as	of	December	9,
2015,	by	and	between	The	Research	Foundation	For	The	State	University	of
New	York,	on	behalf	of	the	College	of	Nanoscale	Science	and	Engineering	of	the
State	University	of	New	York,	and	Silevo,	LLC.
	
10-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
10.16i
	
February	10,	2016
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		10.77†
	
Loan	Agreement,	dated	as	of	May	4,	2015,	by	and	among	Megalodon	Solar,	LLC,
as	borrower,	SolarCity	Corporation,	as	limited	guarantor,	Bank	of	America,	N.A.,
as	collateral	agent	and	administrative	agent,	and	the	lenders	party	thereto.
	
10-Q(1)
	
001-35758
	
10.19
	
July	30,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
135	
Exhibit
Number
		
	
		
Incorporated	by	Reference
		
Filed
Herewith
		
Exhibit	Description
		
Form
		
File	No.
		
Exhibit
		
Filing	Date
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		10.78†
	
Majority	Group	Agent	Action	No.	1,	dated	as	of	May	18,	2015,	by	and	among
Megalodon	Solar,	LLC,	as	borrower,	SolarCity	Corporation,	as	limited	guarantor,
Bank	of	America,	N.A.,	as	collateral	agent	and	administrative	agent,	and	the
lenders	party	thereto.
	
10-Q(1)
	
001-35758
	
10.19a
	
July	30,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		10.79†
	
Required	Group	Agent	Action	No.	2,	dated	as	of	June	26,	2015,	by	and	among
Megalodon	Solar,	LLC,	as	borrower,	SolarCity	Corporation,	as	limited	guarantor,
Bank	of	America,	N.A.,	as	collateral	agent	and	administrative	agent,	and	the
lenders	party	thereto.
	
10-Q(1)
	
001-35758
	
10.19b
	
July	30,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		10.80
	
Required	Group	Agent	Action	No.	3,	dated	as	of	July	13,	2015,	by	and	among
Megalodon	Solar,	LLC,	as	borrower,	SolarCity	Corporation,	as	limited	guarantor,
Bank	of	America,	N.A.,	as	collateral	agent	and	administrative	agent,	and	the
lenders	party	thereto.
	
10-Q(1)
	
001-35758
	
10.19c
	
October	30,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		10.81
	
Required	Group	Agent	Action	No.	4,	dated	as	of	August	25,	2015,	by	and	among
Megalodon	Solar,	LLC,	as	borrower,	SolarCity	Corporation,	as	limited	guarantor,
Bank	of	America,	N.A.,	as	collateral	agent	and	administrative	agent,	and	the
lenders	party	thereto.
	
10-Q(1)
	
001-35758
	
10.19d
	
October	30,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		10.82†
	
Required	Group	Agent	Action	No.	5,	dated	as	of	August	27,	2015,	by	and	among
Megalodon	Solar,	LLC,	as	borrower,	SolarCity	Corporation,	as	limited	guarantor,
Bank	of	America,	N.A.,	as	collateral	agent	and	administrative	agent,	and	the
lenders	party	thereto.
	
10-Q(1)
	
001-35758
	
10.19e
	
October	30,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		10.83†
	
Required	Group	Agent	Action	No.	7,	dated	as	of	September	30,	2015,	by	and
among	Megalodon	Solar,	LLC,	as	borrower,	SolarCity	Corporation,	as	limited
guarantor,	Bank	of	America,	N.A.,	as	collateral	agent	and	administrative	agent,
and	the	lenders	party	thereto.
	
10-Q(1)
	
001-35758
	
10.19f
	
October	30,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		10.84†
	
Required	Group	Agent	Action	No.	8,	dated	as	of	October	23,	2015,	by	and	among
Megalodon	Solar,	LLC,	as	borrower,	SolarCity	Corporation,	as	limited	guarantor,
Bank	of	America,	N.A.,	as	administrative	agent,	and	the	group	agents	party
thereto.
	
10-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
10.19g
	
February	10,	2016
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
136	
Exhibit
Number
		
	
		
Incorporated	by	Reference
		
Filed
Herewith
		
Exhibit	Description
		
Form
		
File	No.
		
Exhibit
		
Filing	Date
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		10.85
	
Required	Group	Agent	Action	No.	9,	dated	as	of	November	25,	2015,	by	and
among	Megalodon	Solar,	LLC,	as	borrower,	SolarCity	Corporation,	as	limited
guarantor,	Bank	of	America,	N.A.,	as	collateral	agent	and	administrative	agent,
and	the	lenders	party	thereto.
	
10-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
10.19h
	
February	10,	2016
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		10.86†
	
Required	Group	Agent	Action	No.	10,	dated	as	of	December	18,	2015,	by	and
among	Megalodon	Solar,	LLC,	as	borrower,	SolarCity	Corporation,	as	limited
guarantor,	Bank	of	America,	N.A.,	as	collateral	agent	and	administrative	agent,
and	the	group	agents	party	thereto.
	
10-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
10.19i
	
February	10,	2016
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		10.87
	
Required	Group	Agent	Action	No.	11,	dated	as	of	January	7,	2016,	by	and	among
Megalodon	Solar,	LLC,	as	borrower,	SolarCity	Corporation,	as	limited	guarantor,
Bank	of	America,	N.A.,	as	collateral	agent	and	administrative	agent,	and	the
group	agents	party	thereto.
	
10-Q(1)
	
001-35758
	
10.19j
	
May	9,	2016
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		10.88†
	
Required	Group	Agent	Action	No.	12,	dated	as	of	February	29,	2016,	by	and
among	Megalodon	Solar,	LLC,	as	borrower,	SolarCity	Corporation,	as	limited
guarantor,	Bank	of	America,	N.A.,	as	collateral	agent	and	administrative	agent,
and	the	group	agents	party	thereto.
	
10-Q(1)
	
001-35758
	
10.19k
	
May	9,	2016
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		10.89†
	
Required	Group	Agent	Action	No.	13,	dated	as	of	March	23,	2016,	by	and	among
Megalodon	Solar,	LLC,	as	borrower,	SolarCity	Corporation,	as	limited	guarantor,
Bank	of	America,	N.A.,	as	collateral	agent	and	administrative	agent,	and	the
group	agents	party	thereto.
	
10-Q(1)
	
001-35758
	
10.19l
	
May	9,	2016
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		10.90†
	
Required	Group	Agent	Action	No.	14,	dated	as	of	March	30,	2016,	by	and	among
Megalodon	Solar,	LLC,	as	borrower,	SolarCity	Corporation,	as	limited	guarantor,
Bank	of	America,	N.A.,	as	collateral	agent	and	administrative	agent,	and	the
group	agents	party	thereto.
	
10-Q(1)
	
001-35758
	
10.19m
	
May	9,	2016
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		10.91†
	
Required	Group	Agent	Action	No.	15,	dated	as	of	April	25,	2016,	by	and	among
by	and	among	Megalodon	Solar,	LLC,	as	borrower,	SolarCity	Corporation,	as
limited	guarantor,	Bank	of	America,	N.A.,	as	collateral	agent	and	administrative
agent,	and	the	group	agents	party	thereto.
	
10-Q(1)
	
001-35758
	
10.19n
	
August	9,	2016
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
137	
Exhibit
Number
		
	
		
Incorporated	by	Reference
		
Filed
Herewith
		
Exhibit	Description
		
Form
		
File	No.
		
Exhibit
		
Filing	Date
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		10.92†
	
Required	Group	Agent	Action	No.	16,	dated	as	of	May	2,	2016,	by	and	among	by
and	among	Megalodon	Solar,	LLC,	as	borrower,	SolarCity	Corporation,	as
limited	guarantor,	Bank	of	America,	N.A.,	as	collateral	agent	and	administrative
agent,	and	the	group	agents	party	thereto.
	
10-Q(1)
	
001-35758
	
10.19o
	
August	9,	2016
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		10.93†
	
Required	Group	Agent	Action	No.	17,	dated	as	of	May	16,	2016,	by	and	among
by	and	among	Megalodon	Solar,	LLC,	as	borrower,	SolarCity	Corporation,	as
limited	guarantor,	Bank	of	America,	N.A.,	as	collateral	agent	and	administrative
agent,	and	the	group	agents	party	thereto.
	
10-Q(1)
	
001-35758
	
10.19p
	
August	9,	2016
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		10.94†
	
Administrative	Agent	Action	No.	18,	dated	as	of	May	27,	2016,	by	and	among	by
and	among	Megalodon	Solar,	LLC,	as	borrower,	SolarCity	Corporation,	as
limited	guarantor,	Bank	of	America,	N.A.,	as	collateral	agent	and	administrative
agent,	and	the	group	agents	party	thereto.
	
10-Q(1)
	
001-35758
	
10.19q
	
August	9,	2016
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		10.95
	
Required	Group	Agent	Action	No.	19,	dated	as	of	June	1,	2016,	by	and	among	by
and	among	Megalodon	Solar,	LLC,	as	borrower,	SolarCity	Corporation,	as
limited	guarantor,	Bank	of	America,	N.A.,	as	collateral	agent	and	administrative
agent,	and	the	group	agents	party	thereto.
	
10-Q(1)
	
001-35758
	
10.19r
	
August	9,	2016
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		10.96†
	
Administrative	Agent	Action	No.	20,	dated	as	of	June	27,	2016,	by	and	among	by
and	among	Megalodon	Solar,	LLC,	as	borrower,	SolarCity	Corporation,	as
limited	guarantor,	Bank	of	America,	N.A.,	as	collateral	agent	and	administrative
agent,	and	the	group	agents	party	thereto.
	
10-Q(1)
	
001-35758
	
10.19s
	
August	9,	2016
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		10.97†
	
Required	Group	Agent	Action	No.	21,	dated	as	of	July	29,	2016,	by	and	among	by
and	among	Megalodon	Solar,	LLC,	as	borrower,	SolarCity	Corporation,	as
limited	guarantor,	Bank	of	America,	N.A.,	as	collateral	agent	and	administrative
agent,	and	the	group	agents	party	thereto.
	
10-Q(1)
	
001-35758
	
10.19t
	
November	9,	2016
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		10.98†
	
Required	Group	Agent	Action	No.	22,	dated	as	of	September	8,	2016,	by	and
among	by	and	among	Megalodon	Solar,	LLC,	as	borrower,	SolarCity
Corporation,	as	limited	guarantor,	Bank	of	America,	N.A.,	as	collateral	agent	and
administrative	agent,	and	the	group	agents	party	thereto.
	
10-Q(1)
	
001-35758
	
10.19u
	
November	9,	2016
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
138	
Exhibit
Number
		
	
		
Incorporated	by	Reference
		
Filed
Herewith
		
Exhibit	Description
		
Form
		
File	No.
		
Exhibit
		
Filing	Date
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		10.99
	
Required	Group	Agent	Action	No.	23,	dated	as	of	September	15,	2016,	by	and
among	by	and	among	Megalodon	Solar,	LLC,	as	borrower,	SolarCity
Corporation,	as	limited	guarantor,	Bank	of	America,	N.A.,	as	collateral	agent	and
administrative	agent,	and	the	group	agents	party	thereto.
	
10-Q(1)
	
001-35758
	
10.19v
	
November	9,	2016
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		10.100†
	
Required	Group	Agent	Action	No.	24,	dated	as	of	September	20,	2016,	by	and
among	by	and	among	Megalodon	Solar,	LLC,	as	borrower,	SolarCity
Corporation,	as	limited	guarantor,	Bank	of	America,	N.A.,	as	collateral	agent	and
administrative	agent,	and	the	group	agents	party	thereto.
	
10-Q(1)
	
001-35758
	
10.19w
	
November	9,	2016
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		10.101†
	
Administrative	Agent	Action	No.	25,	dated	as	of	September	30,	2016,	by	and
among	by	and	among	Megalodon	Solar,	LLC,	as	borrower,	SolarCity
Corporation,	as	limited	guarantor,	Bank	of	America,	N.A.,	as	collateral	agent	and
administrative	agent,	and	the	group	agents	party	thereto.
	
10-Q(1)
	
001-35758
	
10.19x
	
November	9,	2016
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		10.102†
	
Required	Group	Agent	Action	No.	26,	dated	as	of	October	5,	2016,	by	and	among
by	and	among	Megalodon	Solar,	LLC,	as	borrower,	SolarCity	Corporation,	as
limited	guarantor,	Bank	of	America,	N.A.,	as	collateral	agent	and	administrative
agent,	and	the	group	agents	party	thereto.
	
10-Q(1)
	
001-35758
	
10.19y
	
November	9,	2016
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		10.103†
	
Required	Group	Agent	Action	No.	27,	dated	as	of	November	1,	2016,	by	and
among	by	and	among	Megalodon	Solar,	LLC,	as	borrower,	
SolarCity
Corporation
,	as	limited	guarantor,	Bank	of	America,	N.A.,	as	collateral	agent	and
administrative	agent,	and	the	group	agents	party	thereto.
	
10-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
10.19z
	
March	1,	2017
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		10.104†
	
Required	Group	Agent	Action	No.	28,	dated	as	of	December	9,	2016,	by	and
among	by	and	among	Megalodon	Solar,	LLC,	as	borrower,	
SolarCity
Corporation
,	as	limited	guarantor,	Bank	of	America,	N.A.,	as	collateral	agent	and
administrative	agent,	and	the	group	agents	party	thereto.
	
10-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
10.19aa
	
March	1,	2017
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		10.105†
	
Required	Group	Agent	Action	No.	29,	dated	as	of	December	16,	2016,	by	and
among	by	and	among	Megalodon	Solar,	LLC,	as	borrower,	
SolarCity
Corporation
,	as	limited	guarantor,	Bank	of	America,	N.A.,	as	collateral	agent	and
administrative	agent,	and	the	group	agents	party	thereto.
	
10-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
10.19bb
	
March	1,	2017
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
139	
Exhibit
Number
		
	
		
Incorporated	by	Reference
		
Filed
Herewith
		
Exhibit	Description
		
Form
		
File	No.
		
Exhibit
		
Filing	Date
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		10.106†
	
Required	Group	Agent	Action	No.	30,	dated	as	of	December	28,	2016,	by	and
among	by	and	among	Megalodon	Solar,	LLC,	as	borrower,	
SolarCity
Corporation
,	as	limited	guarantor,	Bank	of	America,	N.A.,	as	collateral	agent	and
administrative	agent,	and	the	group	agents	party	thereto.
	
10-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
10.19cc
	
March	1,	2017
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		12.1
		
Statement	regarding	Computation	of	Ratio	of	Earnings	to	Fixed	Charges
		
—
	
		
—
	
		
—
	
		
—
	
		
X
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		21.1
	
List	of	Subsidiaries	of	the	Registrant
	
—
	
—
	
—
	
—
	
X
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		23.1
		
Consent	of	PricewaterhouseCoopers	LLP,	Independent	Registered	Public
Accounting	Firm
		
—		
		
—		
		
—		
		
—		
		
X
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		23.2
		
Consent	of	Ernst	&	Young	LLP,	Independent	Registered	Public	Accounting	Firm
		
—		
		
—		
		
—		
		
—		
		
X
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		31.1
		
Rule	13a-14(a)	/	15(d)-14(a)	Certification	of	Principal	Executive	Officer
		
—		
		
—		
		
—		
		
—		
		
X
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		31.2
		
Rule	13a-14(a)	/	15(d)-14(a)	Certification	of	Principal	Financial	Officer
		
—		
		
—		
		
—		
		
—		
		
X
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		32.1*
		
Section	1350	Certifications
		
—
		
—
		
—
		
—
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	99.1
	
Certain	Excerpts	from	Annual	Report	on	Form	10-K	of	SolarCity	Corporation
	
—		
		
—		
		
—		
		
—		
		
X
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
101.INS
		
XBRL	Instance	Document
		
	
		
	
		
	
		
	
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
101.SCH
		
XBRL	Taxonomy	Extension	Schema	Document
		
	
		
	
		
	
		
	
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
101.CAL
		
XBRL	Taxonomy	Extension	Calculation	Linkbase	Document.
		
	
		
	
		
	
		
	
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
101.DEF
		
XBRL	Taxonomy	Extension	Definition	Linkbase	Document
		
	
		
	
		
	
		
	
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
101.LAB
		
XBRL	Taxonomy	Extension	Label	Linkbase	Document
		
	
		
	
		
	
		
	
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
101.PRE
		
XBRL	Taxonomy	Extension	Presentation	Linkbase	Document
		
	
		
	
		
	
		
	
		
	
	
*
Furnished	herewith
**
Indicates	a	management	contract	or	compensatory	plan	or	arrangement
†
Confidential	treatment	has	been	requested	for	portions	of	this	exhibit
(1)
Indicates	a	filing	of	SolarCity	Corporation
	
	
140	
S
IGNATURES
Pursuant	to	the	requirements	of	Section	13	or	15(d)	the	Securities	Exchange	Act	of	1934,	the	registrant	has	duly	caused	this	report	to	be	signed	on	its	behalf	by	the	undersigned,	thereunto	duly	authorized.
	
	
	
Tesla,	Inc.
	
	
	
Date:	March	1,	2017
	
/s/	Elon	Musk
	
	
Elon	Musk
	
	
Chief	Executive	Officer
	
	
(Principal	Executive	Officer)
	
Pursuant	to	the	requirements	of	the	Securities	Exchange	Act	of	1934,	this	report	has	been	signed	below	by	the	following	persons	on	behalf	of	the	registrant	and	in	the	capacities	and	on	the	dates	indicated.
	
Signature
		
Title
	
Date
	
	
	
	
	
/s/	Elon	Musk
		
Chief	Executive	Officer	and	Director	(Principal
	
March	1,	2017
				Elon	Musk
	
Executive	Officer)
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
/s/	Jason	Wheeler
		
Chief	Financial	Officer	(Principal	Financial	Officer)
	
March	1,	2017
				Jason	Wheeler
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
/s/	Eric	Branderiz
		
Chief	Accounting	Officer	(Principal	Accounting	Officer)
	
March	1,	2017
				Eric	Branderiz
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
/s/	Brad	W.	Buss	
		
Director
	
March	1,	2017
				Brad	W.	Buss
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
/s/	Robyn	Denholm
		
Director
	
March	1,	2017
				Robyn	Denholm
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
/s/	Ira	Ehrenpreis
		
Director
	
March	1,	2017
				Ira	Ehrenpreis
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
/s/	Antonio	J.	Gracias	
		
Director
	
March	1,	2017
				Antonio	J.	Gracias
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
/s/	Stephen	T.	Jurvetson	
		
Director
	
March	1,	2017
				Stephen	T.	Jurvetson
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
/s/	Kimbal	Musk	
		
Director
	
March	1,	2017
				Kimbal	Musk
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
141
	
Exhibit	3.1
AMENDED	AND	RESTATED	CERTIFICATE	OF	INCORPORATION
OF
TESLA	MOTORS,	INC.
a	Delaware	corporation
Tesla	Motors,	Inc.,	a	corporation	organized	and	existing	under	the	laws	of	the	State	of	Delaware	(the	“
Corporation
”),	hereby	certifies	as	follows:
A.	The	name	of	the	Corporation	is	Tesla	Motors,	Inc.	The	Corporation’s	original	Certificate	of	Incorporation	was	filed	with	the	Secretary	of	State	of	the	State	of	Delaware	on	July	1,	2003.
B.	This	Amended	and	Restated	Certificate	of	Incorporation	was	duly	adopted	in	accordance	with	Sections	242	and	245	of	the	General	Corporation	Law	of	the	State	of	Delaware	(the	“
DGCL
”),	and	restates,	integrates	and	further
amends	the	provisions	of	the	Corporation’s	Sixth	Amended	and	Restated	Certificate	of	Incorporation,	and	has	been	duly	approved	by	the	written	consent	of	the	stockholders	of	the	corporation	in	accordance	with	Section	228	of	the	DGCL.
C.	The	text	of	the	Sixth	Amended	and	Restated	Certificate	of	Incorporation	of	this	Corporation	is	hereby	amended	and	restated	to	read	in	its	entirety	as	follows:
ARTICLE	I
The	name	of	the	corporation	is	Tesla	Motors,	Inc.
ARTICLE	II
The	address	of	the	Corporation’s	registered	office	in	the	State	of	Delaware	is	1209	Orange	Street,	City	of	Wilmington,	County	of	New	Castle,	Delaware	19801.	The	name	of	its	registered	agent	at	such	address	is	The	Corporation	Trust
Company.
ARTICLE	III
The	nature	of	the	business	or	purposes	to	be	conducted	or	promoted	by	the	Corporation	is	to	engage	in	any	lawful	act	or	activity	for	which	corporations	may	be	organized	under	the	DGCL.
ARTICLE	IV
4.1	
Authorized	Capital	Stock
.	The	total	number	of	shares	of	all	classes	of	capital	stock	which	the	corporation	is	authorized	to	issue	is	2,100,000,000	shares,	consisting	of	2,000,000,000	shares	of	Common	Stock,	par	value	$0.001
per	share	(the	“
Common	Stock
”),	and	100,000,000	shares	of	Preferred	Stock,	par	value	$0.001	per	share	(the	“
Preferred	Stock
”).
	
4.2	
Increase	or	Decrease	in	Authorized	Capital	Stock
.	The	number	of	authorized	shares	of	Preferred	Stock	or	Common	Stock	may	be	increased	or	decreased	(but	not	below	the	number	of	shares	thereof	then	outstanding)	by	the
affirmative	vote	of	the	holders	of	a	majority	in	voting	power	of	the	stock	of	the	corporation	entitled	to	vote	generally	in	the	election	of	directors,	irrespective	of	the	provisions	of	Section	242(b)(2)	of	the	DGCL	(or	any	successor	provision	thereto),
voting	together	as	a	single	class,	without	a	separate	vote	of	the	holders	of	the	class	or	classes	the	number	of	authorized	shares	of	which	are	being	increased	or	decreased,	unless	a	vote	by	any	holders	of	one	or	more	series	of	Preferred	Stock	is
required	by	the	express	terms	of	any	series	of	Preferred	Stock	as	provided	for	or	fixed	pursuant	to	the	provisions	of	Section	4.4	of	this	Article	IV.
		
4.3	
Common	Stock
.
(a)	
The	holders	of	shares	of	Common	Stock	shall	be	entitled	to	one	vote	for	each	such	share	on	each	matter	properly	submitted	to	the	stockholders	on	which	the	holders	of	shares	of	Common	Stock	are	entitled	to	vote.	Except	as
otherwise	required	by	law	or	this	certificate	of	incorporation	(this	“
Certificate	of	Incorporation
”	which	term,	as	used	herein,	shall	mean	the	certificate	of	incorporation	of	the	corporation,	as	amended	from	time	to	time,	including	the	terms	of
any	certificate	of	designations	of	any	series	of	Preferred	Stock),	and	subject	to	the	rights	of	the	holders	of	Preferred	Stock,	at	any	annual	or	special	meeting	of	the	stockholders	the	holders	of	shares	of	Common	Stock	shall	have	the	right	to	vote
for	the	election	of	directors	and	on	all	other	matters	properly	submitted	to	a	vote	of	the	stockholders;	provided,	however,	that,	except	as	otherwise	required	by	law,	holders	of	Common	Stock	shall	not	be	entitled	to	vote	on	any	amendment	to	this
Certificate	of	Incorporation	that	relates	solely	to	the	terms,	number	of	shares,	powers,	designations,	preferences,	or	relative	participating,	optional	or	other	special	rights	(including,	without	limitation,	voting	rights),	or	to	qualifications,
limitations	or	restrictions	thereon,	of	one	or	more	outstanding	series	of	Preferred	Stock	if	the	holders	of	such	affected	series	are	entitled,	either	separately	or	together	with	the	holders	of	one	more	other	such	series,	to	vote	thereon	pursuant	to
this	Certificate	of	Incorporation	(including,	without	limitation,	by	any	certificate	of	designations	relating	to	any	series	of	Preferred	Stock)	or	pursuant	to	the	DGCL.
(b)	
Subject	to	the	rights	of	the	holders	of	Preferred	Stock,	the	holders	of	shares	of	Common	Stock	shall	be	entitled	to	receive	such	dividends	and	other	distributions	(payable	in	cash,	property	or	capital	stock	of	the	corporation)
when,	as	and	if	declared	thereon	by	the	Board	of	Directors	from	time	to	time	out	of	any	assets	or	funds	of	the	corporation	legally	available	therefor	and	shall	share	equally	on	a	per	share	basis	in	such	dividends	and	distributions.
(c)	
In	the	event	of	any	voluntary	or	involuntary	liquidation,	dissolution	or	winding-up	of	the	corporation,	after	payment	or	provision	for	payment	of	the	debts	and	other	liabilities	of	the	corporation,	and	subject	to	the	rights	of	the
holders	of	Preferred	Stock	in	respect	thereof,	the	holders	of	shares	of	Common	Stock	shall	be	entitled	to	receive	all	the	remaining	assets	of	the	corporation	available	for	distribution	to	its	stockholders,	ratably	in	proportion	to	the	number	of
shares	of	Common	Stock	held	by	them.
	
4.4	
Preferred	Stock
.
(a)	
The	Preferred	Stock	may	be	issued	from	time	to	time	in	one	or	more	series	pursuant	to	a	resolution	or	resolutions	providing	for	such	issue	duly	adopted	by	the	Board	of	Directors	(authority	to	do	so	being	hereby	expressly
vested	in	the	Board	of	Directors).	The	Board	of	Directors	is	further	authorized,	subject	to	limitations	prescribed	by	law,	to	fix	by	resolution	or	resolutions	and	to	set	forth	in	a	certification	of	designations	filed	pursuant	to	the	DGCL	the	powers,
designations,	preferences	and	relative,	participation,	optional	or	other	rights,	if	any,	and	the	qualifications,	limitations	or	restrictions	thereof,	if	any,	of	any	wholly	unissued	series	of	Preferred	Stock,	including	without	limitation	dividend	rights,
dividend	rate,	conversion	rights,	voting	rights,	rights	and	terms	of	redemption	(including	sinking	fund	provisions),	redemption	price	or	prices,	and	liquidation	preferences	of	any	such	series,	and	the	number	of	shares	constituting	any	such	series
and	the	designation	thereof,	or	any	of	the	foregoing.
(b)	
The	Board	of	Directors	is	further	authorized	to	increase	(but	not	above	the	total	number	of	authorized	shares	of	the	class)	or	decrease	(but	not	below	the	number	of	shares	of	any	such	series	then	outstanding)	the	number	of
shares	of	any	series,	the	number	of	which	was	fixed	by	it,	subsequent	to	the	issuance	of	shares	of	such	series	then	outstanding,	subject	to	the	powers,	preferences	and	rights,	and	the	qualifications,	limitations	and	restrictions	thereof	stated	in	the
Certificate	of	Incorporation	or	the	resolution	of	the	Board	of	Directors	originally	fixing	the	number	of	shares	of	such	series.	If	the	number	of	shares	of	any	series	is	so	decreased,	then	the	shares	constituting	such	decrease	shall	resume	the	status
which	they	had	prior	to	the	adoption	of	the	resolution	originally	fixing	the	number	of	shares	of	such	series.
ARTICLE	V
5.1	
General	Powers
.	The	business	and	affairs	of	the	corporation	shall	be	managed	by	or	under	the	direction	of	the	Board	of	Directors.
5.2	
Number	of	Directors;	Election;	Term
.
(a)	
Subject	to	the	rights	of	holders	of	any	series	of	Preferred	Stock	with	respect	to	the	election	of	directors,	the	number	of	directors	that	constitutes	the	entire	Board	of	Directors	of	the	corporation	shall	be	fixed	solely	by
resolution	of	the	Board	of	Directors.
		
(b)	
Subject	to	the	rights	of	holders	of	any	series	of	Preferred	Stock	with	respect	to	the	election	of	directors,	effective	upon	the	closing	date	(the	“
Effective	Date
”)	of	the	initial	sale	of	shares	of	common	stock	in	the	corporation’s
initial	public	offering	pursuant	to	an	effective	registration	statement	filed	under	the	Securities	Act	of	1933,	as	amended,	the	directors	of	the	corporation	shall	be	divided	into	three	classes	as	nearly	equal	in	size	as	is	practicable,	hereby
designated	Class	I,	Class	II	and	Class	III.	The	initial	assignment	of	members	of	the	Board	of	Directors	to	each	such	class	shall	be	made	by	the	Board	of	Directors.	The	term	of	office	of	the	initial	Class	I	directors	shall	expire	at	the	first	regularly-
scheduled	annual	meeting	of	the	stockholders	following	the	Effective	Date,	the	term	of	office	of	the	initial	Class	II	directors	shall	expire	at	the	second	annual	meeting	of	the	stockholders	following	the	Effective	Date	and	the	term	of	office	of	the
initial	Class	III	directors	shall	expire	at	the	third	annual	meeting	of	the	stockholders	following	the	Effective	Date.	At	each	annual	meeting	of	stockholders,	commencing	with	the	first	regularly-scheduled	annual	meeting	of	stockholders	following
the	Effective	Date,	each	of	the	successors	elected	to	replace	the	directors	of	a	Class	whose	term	shall	have	expired	at	such	annual	meeting	shall	be	elected	to	hold	office	until	the	third	annual	meeting	next	succeeding	his	or	her	election	and	until
his	or	her	respective	successor	shall	have	been	duly	elected	and	qualified.	Subject	to	the	rights	of	holders	of	any	series	of	Preferred	Stock	with	respect	to	the	election	of	directors,	if	the	number	of	directors	that	constitutes	the	Board	of	Directors
is	changed,	any	newly	created	directorships	or	decrease	in	directorships	shall	be	so	apportioned	by	the	Board	of	Directors	among	the	classes	as	to	make	all	classes	as	nearly	equal	in	number	as	is	practicable,	provided	that	no	decrease	in	the
number	of	directors	constituting	the	Board	of	Directors	shall	shorten	the	term	of	any	incumbent	director.
(c)	
Notwithstanding	the	foregoing	provisions	of	this	Section	5.2,	and	subject	to	the	rights	of	holders	of	any	series	of	Preferred	Stock	with	respect	to	the	election	of	directors,	each	director	shall	serve	until	his	or	her	successor	is
duly	elected	and	qualified	or	until	his	or	her	earlier	death,	resignation,	or	removal.
(d)	
Elections	of	directors	need	not	be	by	written	ballot	unless	the	Bylaws	of	the	corporation	shall	so	provide.
5.3	
Removal
.	Subject	to	the	rights	of	holders	of	any	series	of	Preferred	Stock	with	respect	to	the	election	of	directors,	a	director	may	be	removed	from	office	by	the	stockholders	of	the	corporation	only	for	cause.
5.4	
Vacancies	and	Newly	Created	Directorships
.	Subject	to	the	rights	of	holders	of	any	series	of	Preferred	Stock	with	respect	to	the	election	of	directors,	and	except	as	otherwise	provided	in	the	DGCL,	vacancies	occurring	on
the	Board	of	Directors	for	any	reason	and	newly	created	directorships	resulting	from	an	increase	in	the	authorized	number	of	directors	may	be	filled	only	by	vote	of	a	majority	of	the	remaining	members	of	the	Board	of	Directors,	although	less
than	a	quorum,	or	by	a	sole	remaining	director,	at	any	meeting	of	the	Board	of	Directors.	A	person	so	elected	by	the	Board	of	Directors	to	fill	a	vacancy	or	newly	created	directorship	shall	hold	office	until	the	next	election	of	the	class	for	which
such	director	shall	have	been	assigned	by	the	Board	of	Directors	and	until	his	or	her	successor	shall	be	duly	elected	and	qualified.
ARTICLE	VI
In	furtherance	and	not	in	limitation	of	the	powers	conferred	by	statute,	the	Board	of	Directors	of	the	corporation	is	expressly	authorized	to	adopt,	amend	or	repeal	the	Bylaws	of	the	corporation.
ARTICLE	VII
7.1	
No	Action	by	Written	Consent	of	Stockholders
.	Except	as	otherwise	expressly	provided	by	the	terms	of	any	series	of	Preferred	Stock	permitting	the	holders	of	such	series	of	Preferred	Stock	to	act	by	written	consent,	any
action	required	or	permitted	to	be	taken	by	stockholders	of	the	corporation	must	be	effected	at	a	duly	called	annual	or	special	meeting	of	the	stockholders	and	may	not	be	effected	by	written	consent	in	lieu	of	a	meeting.
7.2	
Special	Meetings
.	Except	as	otherwise	expressly	provided	by	the	terms	of	any	series	of	Preferred	Stock	permitting	the	holders	of	such	series	of	Preferred	Stock	to	call	a	special	meeting	of	the	holders	of	such	series,	special
meetings	of	stockholders	of	the	corporation	may	be	called	only	by	the	Board	of	Directors,	the	chairperson	of	the	Board	of	Directors,	the	chief	executive	officer	or	the	president	(in	the	absence	of	a	chief	executive	officer),	and	the	ability	of	the
stockholders	to	call	a	special	meeting	is	hereby	specifically	denied.	The	Board	of	Directors	may	cancel,	postpone	or	reschedule	any	previously	scheduled	special	meeting	at	any	time,	before	or	after	the	notice	for	such	meeting	has	been	sent	to	the
stockholders.
7.3	
Advance	Notice
.	Advance	notice	of	stockholder	nominations	for	the	election	of	directors	and	of	business	to	be	brought	by	stockholders	before	any	meeting	of	the	stockholders	of	the	corporation	shall	be	given	in	the	manner
provided	in	the	Bylaws	of	the	corporation.
		
ARTICLE	VIII
8.1	
Limitation	of	Personal	Liability
.	To	the	fullest	extent	permitted	by	the	DGCL,	as	it	presently	exists	or	may	hereafter	be	amended	from	time	to	time,	a	director	of	the	corporation	shall	not	be	personally	liable	to	the	corporation
or	its	stockholders	for	monetary	damages	for	breach	of	fiduciary	duty	as	a	director.	If	the	DGCL	is	amended	to	authorize	corporate	action	further	eliminating	or	limiting	the	personal	liability	of	directors,	then	the	liability	of	a	director	of	the
corporation	shall	be	eliminated	or	limited	to	the	fullest	extent	permitted	by	the	DGCL,	as	so	amended.	Any	repeal	or	amendment	of	this	Section	8.1	by	the	stockholders	of	the	corporation	or	by	changes	in	law,	or	the	adoption	of	any	other
provision	of	this	Certificate	of	Incorporation	inconsistent	with	this	Section	8.1	will,	unless	otherwise	required	by	law,	be	prospective	only	(except	to	the	extent	such	amendment	or	change	in	law	permits	the	corporation	to	further	limit	or	eliminate
the	liability	of	directors)	and	shall	not	adversely	affect	any	right	or	protection	of	a	director	of	the	corporation	existing	at	the	time	of	such	repeal	or	amendment	or	adoption	of	such	inconsistent	provision	with	respect	to	acts	or	omissions	occurring
prior	to	such	repeal	or	amendment	or	adoption	of	such	inconsistent	provision.
8.2	
Indemnification
.	To	the	fullest	extent	permitted	by	the	DGCL,	as	it	presently	exists	or	may	hereafter	be	amended	from	time	to	time,	the	corporation	is	also	authorized	to	provide	indemnification	of	(and	advancement	of
expenses	to)	its	directors,	officers	and	agents	of	the	corporation	(and	any	other	persons	to	which	the	DGCL	permits	the	corporation	to	provide	indemnification)	through	bylaw	provisions,	agreements	with	such	agents	or	other	persons,	vote	of
stockholders	or	disinterested	directors	or	otherwise.
ARTICLE	IX
The	corporation	reserves	the	right	to	amend,	alter,	change	or	repeal	any	provision	contained	in	this	Certificate	of	Incorporation	(including	any	rights,	preferences	or	other	designations	of	Preferred	Stock),	in	the	manner	now	or
hereafter	prescribed	by	this	Certificate	of	Incorporation	and	the	DGCL;	and	all	rights,	preferences	and	privileges	herein	conferred	upon	stockholders	by	and	pursuant	to	this	Certificate	of	Incorporation	in	its	present	form	or	as	hereafter	amended
are	granted	subject	to	the	right	reserved	in	this	Article	IX.	Notwithstanding	any	other	provision	of	this	Certificate	of	Incorporation,	and	in	addition	to	any	other	vote	that	may	be	required	by	law	or	the	terms	of	any	series	of	Preferred	Stock,	the
affirmative	vote	of	the	holders	of	at	least	66
	2
/3%	of	the	voting	power	of	all	then	outstanding	shares	of	capital	stock	of	the	corporation	entitled	to	vote	generally	in	the	election	of	directors,	voting	together	as	a	single	class,	shall	be	required	to
amend,	alter	or	repeal,	or	adopt	any	provision	as	part	of	this	Certificate	of	Incorporation	inconsistent	with	the	purpose	and	intent	of,	Article	V,	Article	VI,	Article	VII	or	this	Article	IX	(including,	without	limitation,	any	such	Article	as	renumbered
as	a	result	of	any	amendment,	alteration,	change,	repeal	or	adoption	of	any	other	Article).
		
IN	WITNESS	WHEREOF,	Tesla	Motors,	Inc.	has	caused	this	Amended	and	Restated	Certificate	of	Incorporation	to	be	signed	by	a	duly	authorized	officer	of	the	Corporation	on	this	
2nd
	day	of	
July
,	20
10
.
	
By:
	
/s/	Elon	Musk
	
	
Elon	Musk
	
	
Chief	Executive	Officer
	
	
	
	
Exhibit	3.2
CERTIFICATE	OF	AMENDMENT
TO	THE
AMENDED	AND	RESTATED	CERTIFICATE	OF	INCORPORATION
OF
TESLA	MOTORS,	INC.
a	Delaware	corporation
	
Pursuant	to	Section	242	of	the	General	Corporation	Law	of	the	State	of	Delaware	(the	“
DGCL
”),	Tesla	Motors,	Inc.,	a	corporation	organized	and	existing	under	the	DGCL	(the	“
Corporation
”),	hereby	certifies	as	follows:
	
A.	The	name	of	the	Corporation	is	Tesla	Motors,	Inc.
	
B.	The	Amended	and	Restated	Certificate	of	the	Corporation	(filed	with	the	Secretary	of	State	of	the	State	of	Delaware	on	July	2,	2010,	the	“
Certificate
”)	is	hereby	amended	to	reflect	a	change	in	the	name	of	the	Corporation	by
deleting	Article	I	of	the	Certificate	in	its	entirety	and	restating	the	same	as	follows:
	
“The	name	of	the	corporation	is	Tesla,	Inc.”
	
C.	This	Amendment	to	the	Certificate	was	duly	adopted	in	accordance	with	the	
provisions	of	Section	242(b)(1)	of	the	DGCL,	which	provide	that	no	meeting	or	vote	of	stockholders	shall	be	required	to	adopt	an	amendment	to	the
certificate	of	incorporation	that	effects	only	changes	of	a	corporation’s	name.
	
D.	This	Amendment	to	the	Certificate	shall	be	effective	on	February	1,	2017.
	
IN	WITNESS	WHEREOF,	the	Corporation	has	caused	this	Certificate	of	Amendment	to	the	Amended	and	Restated	Certificate	of	Incorporation	to	be	signed	by	a	duly	authorized	officer	of	the	Corporation	on	this	30th	day	of	January,
2017.
	
By:
	
/s/Todd	A.	Maron
	
	
Todd	A.	Maron
	
	
General	Counsel	and	Secretary
	
	
Exhibit	4.1
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
ZQ|CERT#|COY|CLS|RGSTRY|ACCT#|TRANSTYPE|RUN|TRANS#	COMMON	STOCK	NO	PAR	VALUE	COMMON	STOCK	THIS	CERTIFICATE	IS	TRANSFERABLE	IN	CANTON,	MA	AND	NEW	YORK,	NY	Certificate	Number	ZA00000000	Shares	**00	00	00	******************	***00	00	00	*****************	****00	00	00	****************	*****00	00	00	***************	******00	00	00	**************	TESLA	TESLA,	INC.	INCORPORATED	UNDER	THE	LAWS	OF	THE	STATE	OF	DELAWARE		THIS	CERTIFIES	THAT	CUSIP	88160R	10	1	SEE	REVERSE	FOR	CERTAIN	DEFINITIONS	is	the	owner	of	FULLY-PAID	AND	NON-ASSESSABLE	SHARES	OF	THE	COMMON	STOCK	OF	Tesla,	Inc.	(hereinafter	called	the	“Company”),	transferable	on	the	books	of	the	Company	in	person	or	by	duly	authorized	attorney,	upon	surrender	of	this	Certificate	properly	endorsed.	This	Certificate	and	the	shares	represented	hereby,	are	issued	and	shall	be	held	subject	to	all	of	the	provisions	of	the	Certificate	of	Incorporation,	as	amended,	and	the	By-Laws,	as	amended,	of	the	Company	(copies	of	which	are	on	file	with	the	Company	and	with	the	Transfer	Agent),	to	all	of	which	each	holder,	by	acceptance	hereof,	assents.	This	Certificate	is	not	valid	unless	countersigned	and	registered	by	the	Transfer	Agent	and	Registrar.	Witness	the	facsimile	seal	of	the	Company	and	the	facsimile	signatures	of	its	duly	authorized	officers.	Chief	Executive	Officer	Tesla	Inc.	SEAL	2003	DELAWARE	DATED	DD-MMM-YYYY	COUNTERSIGNED	AND	REGISTERED:	COMPUTERSHARE	TRUST	COMPANY,	N.A.	TRANSFER	AGENT	AND	REGISTRAR,	General	Counsel	and	Secretary	By	AUTHORIZED	SIGNATURE	TESLA	PO	BOX	43004,	Providence,	RI	02940-3004	MR	A	SAMPLE	DESIGNATION	(IF	ANY)	ADD	1	ADD	2	ADD	3	ADD	4	CUSIP	XXXXXX	XX	X	Holder	ID	XXXXXXXXXX	Insurance	Value	1,000,000.00	Number	of	Shares	12345	DTC	12345678	123456789012345	Certificate	Numbers	Num/No.	Denom.	Total		1234567890/1234567890	1	1	1	1234567890/1234567890	2	2	2	1234567890/1234567890	3	3	3		1234567890/1234567890	4	4	4	1234567890/1234567890	5	5	5		1234567890/1234567890	6	6	6
Total	Transaction	7
	
		
	
	
Tesla,	Inc.		THE	COMPANY	WILL	FURNISH	WITHOUT	CHARGE	TO	EACH	STOCKHOLDER	WHO	SO	REQUESTS,	A	SUMMARY	OF	THE	POWERS,	DESIGNATIONS,	PREFERENCES	AND	RELATIVE,	PARTICIPATING,	OPTIONAL	OR	OTHER	SPECIAL	RIGHTS	OF	EACH	CLASS	OF	STOCK	OF	THE	COMPANY	AND	THE	QUALIFICATIONS,	LIMITATIONS	OR	RESTRICTIONS	OF	SUCH	PREFERENCES	AND	RIGHTS,	AND	THE	VARIATIONS	IN	RIGHTS,	PREFERENCES	AND	LIMITATIONS	DETERMINED	FOR	EACH	SERIES,	WHICH	ARE	FIXED	BY	THE	CERTIFICATE	OF	INCORPORATION	OF	THE	COMPANY,	AS	AMENDED,	AND	THE	RESOLUTIONS	OF	THE	BOARD	OF	DIRECTORS	OF	THE	COMPANY,	AND	THE	AUTHORITY	OF	THE	BOARD	OF	DIRECTORS	TO	DETERMINE	VARIATIONS	FOR	FUTURE	SERIES.	SUCH	REQUEST	MAY	BE	MADE	TO	THE	OFFICE	OF	THE	SECRETARY	OF	THE	COMPANY	OR	TO	THE	TRANSFER	AGENT.	THE	BOARD	OF	DIRECTORS	MAY	REQUIRE	THE	OWNER	OF	A	LOST	OR	DESTROYED	STOCK	CERTIFICATE,	OR	HIS	LEGAL	REPRESENTATIVES,	TO	GIVE	THE	COMPANY	A	BOND	TO	INDEMNIFY	IT	AND	ITS	TRANSFER	AGENTS	AND	REGISTRARS	AGAINST	ANY	CLAIM	THAT	MAY	BE	MADE	AGAINST	THEM	ON	ACCOUNT	OF	THE	ALLEGED	LOSS	OR	DESTRUCTION	OF	ANY	SUCH	CERTIFICATE.	The	following	abbreviations,	when	used	in	the	inscription	on	the	face	of	this	certificate,	shall	be	construed	as	though	they	were	written		out	in	full	according	to	applicable	laws	or	regulations:	TEN	COM	-	as	tenants	in	common	UNIF	GIFT	MIN	ACT	–	Custodian		(Cust)	(Minor)	TEN	ENT	-	as	tenants	by	the	entireties	under	Uniform	Gifts	to	Minors	Act	(State)	JT	TEN	-	as	joint	tenants	with	right	of	survivorship	UNIF	TRF	MIN	ACT	–	Custodian		(until	age	)	(cust)	under	Uniform	Transfers	to	Minors	Act		(Minor)	(State)	Additional	abbreviations	may	also	be	used	though	not	in	the	above	list.		PLEASE	INSERT	SOCIAL	SECURITY	OR	OTHER	IDENTIFYING	NUMBER	OF	ASSIGNEE		For	value	received,		hereby	sell,	assign	and	transfer	unto		(PLEASE	PRINT	OR	TYPEWRITE	NAME	AND	ADDRESS,	INCLUDING	POSTAL	ZIP	CODE,	OF	ASSIGNEE)	Shares	of	the	capital	stock	represented	by	the	within	Certificate,	and	do	hereby	irrevocably	constitute	and	appoint	Attorney	to	transfer	the	said	stock	on	the	books	of	the	within-named	Company	with	full	power	of	substitution	in	the	premises.	Signature(s)	Guaranteed:	Medallion	Guarantee	Stamp	Signatre(s)	Guaranteed:	Medallion	Gurantee	Stamp		THE	SIGNATURE(S)	SHOULD	BE	GUARANTEED	BY	AN	ELIGIBLE	GUARANTOR	INSTITUTION	(Banks,	Stockbrokers,	Savings	and	Loan	Associations	and	Credit	Unions)	WITH	MEMBERSHIP	IN	AN	APPROVED	SIGNATURE	GUARANTEE	MEDALLION	PROGRAM,	PURSUANT	TO	S.E.C.	RULE	17Ad-15.	Dated:		20	Signature:		Signature:	
Notice:	The	signature	to	this	assignment	must	correspond	with	the	name	as	written	upon	the	face	of	the	certificate,	in	every	particular,	without	alteration	or	enlargement,	or	any	change	whatever.	The	IRS	requires	that	the	named	transfer	agent	(“we”)	report	the	cost	basis	of	certain	shares	or	units	acquired	after	January	1,	2011.	If	your	shares	or
units	are	covered	by	the	legislation,	and	you	requested	to	sell	or	transfer	the	shares	or	units	using	a	specific	cost	basis	calculation	method,	then	we	have	processed	as	you	requested.	If	you	did	not	specify	a	cost	basis	calculation	method,	then	we	have	defaulted	to	the	first	in,	first	out	(FIFO)	method.	Please	consult	your	tax	advisor	if	you	need	additional	information	about	cost	basis.	
If	you	do	not	keep	in	contact	with	the	issuer	or	do	not	have	any	activity	in	your	account	for	the	time	period	specified	by	state	law,	your	property	may	become	subject	to	state	unclaimed	property	laws	and	transferred	to	the	appropriate	state.
	
	
	
Exhibit	10.5
TESLA,	INC.
2010	EQUITY	INCENTIVE	PLAN
(as	amended	and	restated	effective	June	12,	2012)
(as	further	amended	and	restated	effective	April	10,	2014)
(as	further	amended	and	restated	effective	March	3,	2015)
(as	further	amended	and	restated	effective	February	1,	2017)
1.
Purposes	of	the	Plan
.		The	purposes	of	this	Plan	are:
	
•
to	attract	and	retain	the	best	available	personnel	to	ensure	the	Company’s	success	and	accomplish	the	Company’s	goals,
	
•
to	incentivize	Employees,	Directors	and	Consultants	with	long-term	equity-	based	compensation	to	align	their	interests	with	the	Company’s	stockholders,	and
	
•
to	promote	the	success	of	the	Company’s	business.
The	Plan	permits	the	grant	of	Incentive	Stock	Options,	Nonstatutory	Stock	Options,	Restricted	Stock,	Restricted	Stock	Units,	Stock	Appreciation	Rights,	Performance	Units	and	Performance	Shares.
2.
Definitions
.		As	used	herein,	the	following	definitions	will	apply:
(a)	
“
Administrator
”		means		the		Board		or		any		of		its		Committees		as		will		be	administering	the	Plan,	in	accordance	with	Section	4	of	the	Plan.
(b)	
“
Applicable	Laws
”	means	the	requirements	relating	to	the	administration	of	equity-based	awards	under	U.S.	state	corporate	laws,	U.S.	federal	and	state	securities	laws,	the	Code,	any	stock	exchange	or	quotation
system	on	which	the	Common	Stock	is	listed	or	quoted	and	the	applicable	laws	of	any	foreign	country	or	jurisdiction	where	Awards	are,	or	will	be,	granted	under	the	Plan.
(c)	
“
Award
”		means,		individually		or		collectively,		a		grant		under		the		Plan		of	Options,	Stock	Appreciation	Rights,	Restricted	Stock,	Restricted	Stock	Units,	Performance	Units	or	Performance	Shares.
(d)	
“
Award	Agreement
”	means	the	written	or	electronic	agreement	setting	forth	the	terms	and	provisions	applicable	to	each	Award	granted	under	the	Plan.		The	Award	Agreement	is	subject	to	the	terms	and	conditions
of	the	Plan.
(e)	
“
Board
”	means	the	Board	of	Directors	of	the	Company.
(f)	
“
Change	in	Control
”	means	the	occurrence	of	any	of	the	following	events:
(i)	
A	change	in	the	ownership	of	the	Company	which	occurs	on	the	date	that	any	one	person,	or	more	than	one	person	acting	as	a	group	(“
Person
”),	acquires	ownership	of	the	stock	of	the	Company	that,
together	with	the	stock	held	by	such	Person,	constitutes	more	than	fifty	percent	(50%)	of	the	total	voting	power	of	the	stock	of	the	Company;	provided,	however,	that	for	purposes	of	this	subsection	(i),	the	acquisition	of	additional	stock	by	any	one
Person,	who	is	considered	to	own	more	than	fifty	percent	(50%)	of	the	total	voting	power	of	the	stock	of	the	Company	will	not	be	considered	a	Change	in	Control;	or
(ii)	
A	change	in	the	effective	control	of	the	Company	which	occurs	on	the	date	that	a	majority	of	members	of	the	Board	is	replaced	during	any	twelve	(12)	month	period	by	Directors	whose	appointment	or
election	is	not	endorsed	by	a	majority	of	the	members	of	the	Board	prior	to	the	date	of	the	appointment	or	election.		For	purposes	of	this	clause	(ii),	if	any	Person	is	considered	to	be	in	effective	control	of	the	Company,	the	acquisition	of	additional
control	of	the	Company	by	the	same	Person	will	not	be	considered	a	Change	in	Control;	or
	(iii)	
A	change	in	the	ownership	of	a	substantial	portion	of	the	Company’s	assets	which	occurs	on	the	date	that	any	Person	acquires	(or	has	acquired	during	the	twelve	(12)	month	period	ending	on	the	date	of
the	most	recent	acquisition	by	such	person	or	persons)	assets	from	the	Company	that	have	a	total	gross	fair	market	value	equal	to	or	more	than	fifty	percent	(50%)	of	the	total	gross	fair	market	value	of	all	of	the	assets	of	the	Company
immediately	prior	to	such	acquisition		or		acquisitions;		provided,		however,		that		for		purposes		of		this		subsection		(iii),		the	following	will	not	constitute	a	change	in	the	ownership	of	a	substantial	portion	of	the	Company’s	assets:	(A)	a	transfer
to	an	entity	that	is	controlled	by	the	Company’s	stockholders	immediately	after	the	transfer,	or	(B)	a	transfer	of	assets	by	the	Company	to:	(1)	a	stockholder	of	the	Company	(immediately	before	the	asset	transfer)	in	exchange	for	or	with	respect
to	the	Company’s	stock,	(2)	an	entity,	fifty	percent	(50%)	or	more	of	the	total	value	or	voting	power	of	which	is	owned,	directly	or	indirectly,	by	the	Company,	(3)	a	Person,	that	owns,	directly	or	indirectly,	fifty	percent	(50%)	or	more	of	the	total
value	or	voting	power	of	all	the	outstanding	stock	of	the	Company,	or	(4)	an	entity,	at	least	fifty	percent	(50%)	of	the	total	value	or	voting	power	of	which	is	owned,	directly	or	indirectly,	by	a	Person	described	in	this	subsection	(iii)(B)(3).		For
purposes	of	this	subsection	(iii),	gross	fair	market	value	means	the	value	of	the	assets	of	the	Company,	or	the	value	of	the	assets	being	disposed	of,	determined	without	regard	to	any	liabilities	associated	with	such	assets.
For	purposes	of	this	Section	2(f),	persons	will	be	considered	to	be	acting	as	a	group	if	they	are	owners	of	a	corporation	that	enters	into	a	merger,	consolidation,	purchase	or	acquisition	of	stock,	or	similar	business
transaction	with	the	Company.
(g)	
“
Code
”	means	the	Internal	Revenue	Code	of	1986,	as	amended.		Reference	to	a	specific	section	of	the	Code	or	regulation	thereunder	shall	include	such	section	or	regulation,	any	valid	regulation	promulgated	under
such	section,	and	any	comparable	provision	of	any	future	legislation	or	regulation	amending,	supplementing	or	superseding	such	section	or	regulation.
(h)	
“
Committee
”		means		a		committee		of		Directors		or		of		other		individuals	satisfying	Applicable	Laws	appointed	by	the	Board	in	accordance	with	Section	4	hereof.
(i)	
“
Common	Stock
”	means	the	common	stock	of	the	Company.
(j)	
“
Company
”	means	Tesla,	Inc.,	a	Delaware	corporation,	or	any	successor	thereto.
(k)	
“
Consultant
”		means		any		person,		including		an		advisor,		engaged		by		the
Company	or	a	Parent	or	Subsidiary	to	render	services	to	such	entity.
(l)	
“
Director
”	means	a	member	of	the	Board.
(m)	
“
Disability
”				means				total				and				permanent				disability				as				defined				in	Section	22(e)(3)	of		the		Code,		provided		that		in		the	case	of	Awards		other	than		Incentive	Stock	Options,	the	Administrator	in	its
discretion	may	determine	whether	a	permanent	and	total	disability	exists	in	accordance	with	uniform	and	non-discriminatory	standards	adopted	by	the	Administrator	from	time	to	time.
(n)	
“
Employee
”	means	any	person,	including	Officers	and	Directors,	employed	by	the	Company	or	any	Parent	or	Subsidiary	of	the	Company.			Neither	service	as	a	Director	nor	payment	of	a	director’s	fee	by	the
Company	will	be	sufficient	to	constitute	“employment”	by	the	Company.
(o)	
“
Exchange	Act
”	means	the	Securities	Exchange	Act	of	1934,	as	amended.
(p)	
“
Exchange	Program
”	means	a	program	under	which	(i)	outstanding	Awards	are	surrendered	or	cancelled	in	exchange	for	Awards	of	the	same	type	(which	may	have	different	terms),	Awards	of	a	different	type,
and/or	cash,	and/or	(ii)	Participants	would	have	the	opportunity	to	transfer	any	outstanding	Awards	to	a	financial	institution	or	other	person	or	entity	selected	by	the	Administrator.			Subject	to	the	no-Repricing	provision	in	Section	4(b),	the
Administrator	will	determine	the	terms	and	conditions	of	any	Exchange	Program	in	its	sole	discretion.
(q)	
“
Fair	Market	Value
”	means,	as	of	any	date,	the	value	of	Common	Stock	determined	as	follows:
(i)	
If	the	Common	Stock	is	listed	on	any	established	stock	exchange	or	a	national	market	system,	including	without	limitation	the	New	York	Stock	Exchange,	the	Nasdaq	Global	Select	Market,	the	Nasdaq
Global	Market	or	the	Nasdaq	Capital	Market	of	The	Nasdaq	Stock	Market,	its	Fair	Market	Value	will	be	the	closing	sales	price	for	such	stock	(or	the	closing	bid,	if	no	sales	were	reported)	as	quoted	on	such	exchange	or	system	on	the	day	of
determination,	as	reported	in	
The	Wall	Street	Journal	
or	such	other	source	as	the	Administrator	deems	reliable;
(ii)	
If	the	Common	Stock	is	regularly	quoted	by	a	recognized	securities	dealer	but	selling	prices	are	not	reported,	the	Fair	Market	Value	of	a	Share	will	be	the	mean	between	the	high	bid	and	low	asked	prices
for	the	Common	Stock	on	the	day	of	determination,	as	reported	in	
The	Wall	Street	Journal	
or	such	other	source	as	the	Administrator	deems	reliable;
-2(iii)	
For	purposes	of	any	Awards	granted	on	the	Registration	Date,	the	Fair	Market	Value	will	be	the	initial	price	to	the	public	as	set	forth	in	the	final	prospectus	included	within	the	registration	statement	in
Form	S-1	filed	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission	for	the	initial	public	offering	of	the	Company’s	Common	Stock;	or
(iv)	
In	the	absence	of	an	established	market	for	the	Common	Stock,	the
Fair	Market	Value	will	be	determined	in	good	faith	by	the	Administrator.
(r)	
“
Fiscal	Year
”	means	the	fiscal	year	of	the	Company.
(s)	
“
Incentive	Stock	Option
”	means	an	Option	intended	to	qualify	as	an	incentive	stock		option		within		the		meaning		of		Section	422		of		the		Code		and		the		regulations		promulgated	thereunder.
(t)	
“
Inside	Director
”	means	a	Director	who	is	an	Employee.
(u)	
“
Nonstatutory	Stock	Option
”	means	an	Option	that	by	its	terms	does	not	qualify	or	is	not	intended	to	qualify	as	an	Incentive	Stock	Option.
(v)	
“
Officer
”		means		a		person		who		is		an		officer		of		the		Company		within		the	meaning	of	Section	16	of	the	Exchange	Act	and	the	rules	and	regulations	promulgated	thereunder.
(w)	
“
Option
”	means	a	stock	option	granted	pursuant	to	the	Plan.
(x)	
“
Outside		Director
”		means		a		Director		who		is		not		an		Employee.				For		the	avoidance	of	doubt,	an	Outside	Director	may	or	may	not	be	an	“outside	director”	within	the	meaning	of	Section	162(m)	of	the	Code.
(y)	
“
Parent
”	means	a	“parent	corporation,”	whether	now	or	hereafter	existing,	as	defined	in	Section	424(e)	of	the	Code.
(z)	
“
Participant
”	means	the	holder	of	an	outstanding	Award.
(aa)
“
Performance	Goals
”	means	one	or	more	objective	measurable	performance	goals	established	by	the	Administrator	based	upon	one	or	more	of	the	following	criteria:	(i)	any	measure	of	financial	condition	or
operating	results	that	can	be	determined	by	reference	to	the	Company’s	balance	sheets,	income	statements	or	cash	flows	prepared	in	accordance	with	generally
accepted		accounting		principles		or		one		or		more		other		specified		bases;		(ii)		Company		or		stock	valuation;	(iii)	market	share;	(iv)	orders,	sales	or	leases;	(v)	intellectual	property	(e.g.,	patents);	(vi)	product	innovation	or	development;	(vii)
product	launch	or	ship	schedules;	(viii)	specified	projects	or	business	transactions;	(ix)	customer	satisfaction	metrics;	(x)	quality	metrics;	(xi)	manufacturing	or	production	metrics;	or	(xii)	retail	or	service	locations.		Any	criteria	used	may	be
measured,	as	applicable,	(a)	in	absolute	terms,	(b)	in	relative	terms	(including	but	not	limited	to,	the	passage	of	time	and/or	against	other	companies	or	financial	metrics),	(c)	on	a	per	share	and/or	share	per	capita
basis,		(d)		against		the		performance		of		the		Company		as		a		whole		or		against		particular		entities,	segments,	operating	units	or	products	of	the	Company	and	/or	(e)	on	a	pre-tax	or	after	tax	basis.	Awards	that	are	not	intended	to	qualify	as
“performance-based	compensation”	within	the	meaning	of	Section	162(m)	of	the	Code	may	take	into	account	any	other	factors	deemed	appropriate	by	the	Administrator.
(bb)
“
Performance	Share
”	means	an	Award	denominated	in	Shares	which	may	be	earned	in	whole	or	in	part	upon	attainment	of	performance	goals	or	other	vesting	criteria	as	the	Administrator	may	determine	pursuant
to	Section	10,	subject	to	Section	4(a)(ii).
(cc)
“
Performance	Unit
”	means	an	Award	which	may	be	earned	in	whole	or	in	part	upon	attainment	of	performance	goals	or	other	vesting	criteria	as	the	Administrator	may	determine	and	which	may	be	settled	for	cash,
Shares	or	other	securities	or	a	combination	of	the	foregoing	pursuant	to	Section	10,	subject	to	Section	4(a)(ii).
(dd)
“
Period	of	Restriction
”	means	the	period	during	which	the	transfer	of	Shares	of	Restricted	Stock	are	subject	to	restrictions	and	therefore,	the	Shares	are	subject	to	a	substantial	risk	of	forfeiture.		Such	restrictions
may	be	based	on	the	passage	of	time,	the	achievement	of	target	levels	of	performance,	or	the	occurrence	of	other	events	as	determined	by	the	Administrator,	subject	to	Section	4(a)(ii).
(ee)
“
Plan
”	means	this	2010	Equity	Incentive	Plan.
(ff)
“
Registration	Date
”	means	the	effective	date	of	the	first	registration	statement	that	is	filed	by	the	Company	and	declared	effective	pursuant	to	Section	12(g)	of	the	Exchange	Act,	with	respect	to	any	class	of	the
Company’s	securities.
-3(gg)
“
Repricing
”		means	any	of	the	following	actions	taken	by	the	Administrator:	(i)	lowering	or	reducing	the	exercise	price	of	an	outstanding	Option	and/or	outstanding	Stock	Appreciation	Right,	(ii)	cancelling,
exchanging	or	surrendering	any	outstanding	Option	and/or	outstanding	Stock	Appreciation	Right	in	exchange	for	cash	or	another	award	for	the	purpose	of	repricing	the	award;	and	(iii)	cancelling,	exchanging	or	surrendering	any	outstanding
Option	and/or	outstanding	Stock	Appreciation	Right	in	exchange	for	an	Option	or	Stock	Appreciation	Right	with	an	exercise	price	that	is	less	than	the	exercise	price	of	the	original	award;	provided	that	a	Repricing	shall	not	include	any	action
taken	with	stockholder	approval	or	any	adjustment	of	an	Option	or	Stock	Appreciation	Right	pursuant	to	Section	14(a).
(hh)
“
Restricted	Stock
”	means	Shares	issued	pursuant	to	a	Restricted	Stock	award	under	Section	7	of	the	Plan,	or	issued	pursuant	to	the	early	exercise	of	an	Option.
(ii)
“
Restricted	Stock	Unit
”	means	a	bookkeeping	entry	representing	an	amount	equal	to	the	Fair	Market	Value	of	one	Share,	granted	pursuant	to	Section	8.		Each	Restricted	Stock	Unit	represents	an	unfunded	and
unsecured	obligation	of	the	Company.
(jj)
“
Rule	16b-3
”	means	Rule	16b-3	of	the	Exchange	Act	or	any	successor	to	Rule	16b-3,	as	in	effect	when	discretion	is	being	exercised	with	respect	to	the	Plan.
(kk)
“
Section	16(b)
”	means	Section	16(b)	of	the	Exchange	Act.
(ll)
“
Service	Provider
”	means	an	Employee,	Director	or	Consultant.
(mm)
“
Share
”	means	a	share	of	the	Common	Stock,	as	adjusted	in	accordance	with	Section	14	of	the	Plan.
(nn)
“
Stock	Appreciation	Right
”	means	an	Award,	granted	alone	or	in	connection	with	an	Option,	that	pursuant	to	Section	9	is	designated	as	a	Stock	Appreciation	Right.
(oo)
“
Subsidiary
”		means		a		“subsidiary		corporation”,		whether		now		or		hereafter	existing,	as	defined	in	Section	424(f)	of	the	Code.
3.
Stock	Subject	to	the	Plan
.
(a)
Stock	Subject	to	the	Plan
.		Subject	to	the	provisions	of	Section	14	of	the	Plan,	the	maximum	aggregate	number	of	Shares	that	may	be	issued	under	the	Plan	is	10,666,666	Shares,	plus	(i)	any	Shares	that,	as	of	the
Registration	Date,	have	been	reserved	but	not	issued	pursuant	to	any	awards	granted	under	the	Company’s	2003	Equity	Incentive	Plan	(the	“
Existing	Plan
”)	and	are	not	subject	to	any	awards	granted	thereunder,	and	(ii)	any	Shares	subject	to
stock	options	or	similar	awards	granted	under	the	Existing	Plan	that	expire	or	otherwise	terminate	without	having	been	exercised	in	full	and	Shares	issued	pursuant	to	awards	granted	under	the	Existing	Plan	that	are	forfeited	to	or	repurchased
by	the	Company,	with	the	maximum	number	of	Shares	to	be	added	to	the	Plan	pursuant	to	clauses	(i)	and	(ii)	equal	to	12,923,841	Shares.		The	Shares	may	be	authorized,	but	unissued,	or	reacquired	Common	Stock.
(b)
Automatic		Share		Reserve		Increase
.				The		number		of		Shares		available		for	issuance	under	the	Plan	will	be	increased	on	the	first	day	of	each	Fiscal	Year	beginning	with	the	2011	Fiscal	Year,	in	an	amount	equal	to
the	least	of	(i)	5,333,333	Shares,	(ii)	four	percent	(4%)	of	the	outstanding	Shares	on	the	last	day	of	the	immediately	preceding	Fiscal	Year	or	(iii)	such	number	of	Shares	determined	by	the	Board.
(c)
Lapsed		Awards
.				If		an		Award		expires		or		becomes		unexercisable		without	having	been	exercised	in	full,	is	surrendered	pursuant	to	an	Exchange	Program,	or,	with	respect	to	Restricted	Stock,	Restricted	Stock
Units,	Performance	Units	or	Performance	Shares,	is	forfeited	to	or	repurchased	by	the	Company	due	to	failure	to	vest,	the	unpurchased	Shares	(or	for	Awards	other	than	Options	or	Stock	Appreciation	Rights	the	forfeited	or	repurchased	Shares),
which	were	subject	thereto	will	become	available	for	future	grant	or	sale	under	the	Plan	(unless	the	Plan	has	terminated).	With	respect	to	Stock	Appreciation	Rights,	only	Shares	actually	issued	(i.e.,	the	net	Shares	issued)	pursuant	to	a	Stock
Appreciation	Right	will	cease	to	be	available	under	the	Plan;	all	remaining	Shares	under	Stock	Appreciation	Rights	will	remain	available	for	future	grant	or	sale	under	the	Plan	(unless	the	Plan	has	terminated).		Shares	that	have	actually	been
issued	under	the	Plan	under	any	Award	will	not	be	returned	to	the	Plan	and	will	not	become	available	for	future	distribution	under	the	Plan;	provided,	however,	that	if	Shares	issued	pursuant	to	Awards	of	Restricted	Stock,	Restricted	Stock	Units,
Performance	Shares	or	Performance	Units	are	repurchased	by	the	Company	or	are	forfeited	to	the	Company,	such	Shares	will	become	available	for	future	grant	under	the	Plan.		Shares	used	to	pay	the	exercise	price	of	an	Award	or	to	satisfy	the
tax	withholding	obligations	related	to	an	Award	will	become	available	for	future	grant	or	sale	under	the	Plan.		To	the	extent	an	Award	under	the	Plan	is	paid	out	in	cash	rather	than	Shares,	such	cash	payment	will	not	result	in	reducing	the
number	of	Shares	available	for	issuance	under	the	Plan.		Notwithstanding	the	foregoing	and,	subject	to	adjustment	as	provided	in	Section	14,	the	maximum	number	of	Shares	that	may	be	issued	upon	the	exercise	of	Incentive	Stock	Options	will
equal	the	aggregate	Share	number	stated	in	Section	3(a),	plus,	to	the	extent	allowable	under	Section	422	of	the	Code	and	the	Treasury	Regulations	promulgated	thereunder,	any	Shares	that	become	available	for	issuance	under	the	Plan	pursuant
to	Sections	3(b)	and	3(c).
-4(d)
Individual	Share	Limits
.
(i)
Limits	on	Options	and	Stock	Appreciation	Rights.	No	Participant	shall	receive	Options	or	Stock	Appreciation	Rights	during	any	Fiscal	Year	covering,	in	the	aggregate,	in	excess	of	2,000,000	Shares,	subject
to	adjustment	pursuant	to	Section	14.
(ii)
Limits	on	Other	Awards.	No	Participant	shall	receive	Restricted	Stock,	Restricted	Stock	Units,	Performance	Shares	or	Performance	Units	during	any	Fiscal	Year	covering,	in	the	aggregate,	in	excess	of
2,000,000	Shares,	subject	to	adjustment	pursuant	to	Section	14.
(e)
Share	Reserve
.		The	Company,	during	the	term	of	this	Plan,	will	at	all	times	reserve	and	keep	available	such	number	of	Shares	as	will	be	sufficient	to	satisfy	the	requirements	of	the	Plan.
4.
Administration	of	the	Plan
.
(a)
Procedure
.
(i)
Multiple	Administrative	Bodies
.		Different	Committees	with	respect	to	different	groups	of	Service	Providers	may	administer	the	Plan.
(ii)
Section	162(m)
.		To	the	extent	that	the	Administrator	determines	it	to	be	desirable	to	qualify	Awards	granted	hereunder	as	“performance-based	compensation”	within	the	meaning	of	Section	162(m)	of	the
Code,	the	Plan	will	be	administered	by	a	Committee	of	two	(2)	or	more	“outside	directors”	within	the	meaning	of	Section	162(m)	of	the	Code,	and	such	Awards	shall	be	granted	and	administered	pursuant	to	the	requirements	of	Section	162(m)	of
the	Code.		The	Committee	may,	in	its	discretion,	subject	such	Awards	to	the	achievement	of	Performance	Goals.
(iii)
Rule	16b-3
.		To	the	extent	desirable	to	qualify	transactions	hereunder	as	exempt	under	Rule	16b-3,	the	transactions	contemplated	hereunder	will	be	structured	to	satisfy	the	requirements	for	exemption
under	Rule	16b-3.
(iv)
Other	Administration
.		Other	than	as	provided	above,	the	Plan	will	be	administered	by	(A)	the	Board	or	(B)	a	Committee,	which	committee	will	be	constituted	to	satisfy	Applicable	Laws.
(b)
Powers	of	the	Administrator
.		Subject	to	the	provisions	of	the	Plan,	and	in	the	case	of	a	Committee,	subject	to	the	specific	duties	delegated	by	the	Board	to	such	Committee,	the	Administrator	will	have	the	authority,
in	its	discretion:
(i)
to	determine	the	Fair	Market	Value;
(ii)
to		select		the		Service		Providers		to		whom		Awards		may		be		granted
	hereunder;
(iii)
to		determine	the	number		of	Shares		to		be	covered		by	each		Award	
granted	hereunder;
(iv)
to	approve	forms	of	Award	Agreements	for	use	under	the	Plan;
(v)	
to	determine	the	terms	and	conditions,	not	inconsistent	with	the	terms	of	the	Plan,	of	any	Award	granted	hereunder.		Such	terms	and	conditions	include,	but	are	not	limited	to,	the	exercise	price,	the	time
or	times	when	Awards	may	be	exercised	(which	may	be	based	on	performance	criteria),	any	vesting	acceleration	or	waiver	of	forfeiture	restrictions,	and	any	restriction	or	limitation	regarding	any	Award	or	the	Shares	relating	thereto,	based	in
each	case	on	such	factors	as	the	Administrator	will	determine,	subject	to	Section	4(a)(ii);
(vi)
to	determine	the	terms	and	conditions	of	any,	and	to	institute	any	
Exchange	Program,	subject	to	the	no-Repricing	provision	below;
(vii)
to	construe	and	interpret	the	terms	of	the	Plan	and	Awards	granted
	pursuant	to	the	Plan;
(viii)
to	prescribe,	amend	and	rescind	rules	and	regulations	relating	to	the	Plan,	including	rules	and	regulations	relating	to	sub-plans	established	for	the	purpose	of	satisfying	applicable	foreign	laws	or	for
qualifying	for	favorable	tax	treatment	under	applicable	foreign	laws;
(ix)
to	modify	or	amend	each	Award	(subject	to	Section	19	of	the	Plan),	including	but	not	limited	to	the	discretionary	authority	to	extend	the	post-termination	exercisability	period	of	Awards	and	to	extend	the
maximum	term	of	an	Option	(subject	to	Section	6(b)	of	the	Plan	regarding	Incentive	Stock	Options),	subject	to	the	no-Repricing	provision	below;
(x)
to	allow	Participants	to	satisfy	withholding	tax	obligations	in	such	manner	as	prescribed	in	Section	15	of	the	Plan;
-5(xi)
to	authorize	any	person	to	execute	on	behalf	of	the	Company	any	instrument	required	to	effect	the	grant	of	an	Award	previously	granted	by	the	Administrator;
(xii)
to	allow	a	Participant	to	defer	the	receipt	of	the	payment	of	cash	or	the	delivery	of	Shares	that	would	otherwise	be	due	to	such	Participant	under	an	Award;	and
(xiii)
to	make	all	other	determinations	deemed	necessary	or	advisable	for	administering	the	Plan.
In	no	event	shall	the	Administrator	effect	any	Repricing	of	any	Option	or	Stock	Appreciation	Right.
(c)
Effect	of	Admini	strat	or’s	Decision
.	The	Administrator’s	decisions,	determinations	and	interpretations	will	be	final	and	binding	on	all	Participants	and	any	other	holders	of	Awards.
5.
Eligibility
.		Nonstatutory	Stock	Options,	Stock	Appreciation	Rights,	Restricted	Stock,	Restricted	Stock	Units,	Performance	Shares	and	Performance	Units	may	be	granted	to	Service	Providers.		Incentive	Stock	Options	may	be
granted	only	to	Employees.
6.
Stock	Options
.
(a)
Limitations
.		Each	Option	will	be	designated	in	the	Award	Agreement	as	either	an	Incentive	Stock	Option	or	a	Nonstatutory	Stock	Option.		However,	notwithstanding	such	designation,	to	the	extent	that	the
aggregate	Fair	Market	Value	of	the	Shares	with	respect	to	which	Incentive	Stock	Options	are	exercisable	for	the	first	time	by	the	Participant	during	any	calendar	year	(under	all	plans	of	the	Company	and	any	Parent	or	Subsidiary)	exceeds	one
hundred	thousand	dollars	($100,000),	such	Options	will	be	treated	as	Nonstatutory	Stock	Options.		For	purposes	of	this	Section	6(a),	Incentive	Stock	Options	will	be	taken	into	account	in	the	order	in	which	they	were	granted.		The	Fair	Market
Value	of	the	Shares	will	be	determined	as	of	the	time	the	Option	with	respect	to	such	Shares	is	granted.
(b)
Term		of		Option
.				The	term		of		each		Option		will		be		stated		in		the		Award	Agreement.		In	the	case	of	an	Incentive	Stock	Option,	the	term	will	be	ten	(10)	years	from	the	date	of	grant	or	such	shorter	term	as	may
be	provided	in	the	Award	Agreement.		Moreover,	in	the	case	of	an	Incentive	Stock	Option	granted	to	a	Participant	who,	at	the	time	the	Incentive	Stock	Option	is	granted,	owns	stock	representing	more	than	ten	percent	(10%)	of	the	total
combined	voting	power	of	all	classes	of	stock	of	the	Company	or	any	Parent	or	Subsidiary,	the	term	of	the	Incentive	Stock	Option	will	be	five	(5)	years	from	the	date	of	grant	or	such	shorter	term	as	may	be	provided	in	the	Award	Agreement.
(c)
Option	Exercise	Price	and	Consideration
.
(i)
Exercise	Price
.		The	per	share	exercise	price	for	the	Shares	to	be	issued	pursuant	to	exercise	of	an	Option	will	be	determined	by	the	Administrator,	subject	to	the	following:
(1)
In	the	case	of	an	Incentive	Stock	Option
(A)
granted	to	an	Employee	who,	at	the	time	the	Incentive	Stock	Option	is	granted,	owns	stock	representing	more	than	ten	percent	(10%)	of	the	voting	power	of	all	classes	of	stock	of	the
Company	or	any	Parent	or	Subsidiary,	the	per	Share	exercise	price	will	be	no	less	than	one	hundred	ten	percent	(110%)	of	the	Fair	Market	Value	per	Share	on	the	date	of	grant.
(B)
granted	to	any	Employee	other	than	an	Employee	described	in	paragraph	(A)	immediately	above,	the	per	Share	exercise	price	will	be	no	less	than	one	hundred	percent	(100%)	of	the
Fair	Market	Value	per	Share	on	the	date	of	grant.
(2)
In		the		case		of		a		Nonstatutory	Stock		Option,		the		per		Share	exercise	price	will	be	no	less	than	one	hundred	percent	(100%)	of	the	Fair	Market	Value	per	Share	on	the	date	of	grant.
(3)
Notwithstanding	the	foregoing,	Options	may	be	granted	with	a	per	Share	exercise	price	of	less	than	one	hundred	percent	(100%)	of	the	Fair	Market	Value	per	Share
on		the		date		of		grant		pursuant		to		a		transaction		described		in,		and		in		a		manner		consistent		with,	Section	424(a)	of	the	Code.
(ii)
Waiting	Period	and	Exercise	Dates
.		At	the	time	an	Option	is	granted,	the	Administrator	will	fix	the	period	within	which	the	Option	may	be	exercised	and	will	determine	any	conditions	that	must	be
satisfied	before	the	Option	may	be	exercised,	subject	to	Section	4(a)(ii).
-6(iii)
Form		of		Consideration.
		
The		Administrator		will		determine		the	acceptable	form	of	consideration	for	exercising	an	Option,	including	the	method	of	payment.		In	the	case	of	an	Incentive	Stock	Option,	the
Administrator	will	determine	the	acceptable	form	of	consideration	at	the	time	of	grant.		Such	consideration	may	consist	entirely	of:	(1)	cash;	(2)	check;	(3)	promissory	note,	to	the	extent	permitted	by	Applicable	Laws,	(4)	other	Shares,	provided
that	such	Shares	have	a	Fair	Market	Value	on	the	date	of	surrender	equal	to	the	aggregate	exercise	price	of	the	Shares	as	to	which	such	Option	will	be	exercised	and	provided	that	accepting	such	Shares	will	not	result	in	any	adverse	accounting
consequences	to	the	Company,	as	the	Administrator	determines	in	its	sole	discretion;	(5)	consideration	received	by	the	Company	under	a	broker-assisted	(or	other)	cashless	exercise	program	(whether	through	a	broker	or	otherwise)	implemented
by	the	Company	in	connection	with	the	Plan;	(6)	by	net	exercise;	(7)	such	other	consideration	and	method	of	payment	for	the	issuance	of	Shares	to	the	extent	permitted	by	Applicable	Laws;	or	(8)	any	combination	of	the	foregoing	methods	of
payment.
(d)
Exercise	of	Option
.
(i)
Procedure	for	Exercise;	Rights	as	a	Stockholder
.		Any	Option	granted	hereunder	will	be	exercisable	according	to	the	terms	of	the	Plan	and	at	such	times	and	under	such	conditions	as	determined	by	the
Administrator,	including	any	Performance	Goals	subject	to	Section	4(a)(ii),	and	set	forth	in	the	Award	Agreement.		An	Option	may	not	be	exercised	for	a	fraction	of	a	Share.
An	Option	will	be	deemed	exercised	when	the	Company	receives:	(i)	a	notice	of	exercise	(in	such	form	as	the	Administrator	may	specify	from	time	to	time)	from	the	person	entitled	to	exercise	the
Option,	and	(ii)	full	payment	for	the	Shares	with	respect	to	which	the	Option	is	exercised	(together	with	applicable	withholding	taxes).			Full	payment	may	consist	of	any	consideration	and	method	of	payment	authorized	by	the	Administrator	and
permitted	by	the	Award	Agreement	and	the	Plan.		Shares	issued	upon	exercise	of	an	Option	will	be	issued	in	the	name	of	the	Participant	or,	if	requested	by	the	Participant,	in	the	name	of	the	Participant	and	his	or	her	spouse.	Until	the	Shares	are
issued	(as	evidenced	by	the	appropriate	entry	on	the	books	of	the	Company	or	of	a	duly	authorized	transfer	agent	of	the	Company),	no	right	to	vote	or	receive	dividends	or	any	other	rights	as	a	stockholder	will	exist	with	respect	to	the	Shares
subject	to	an	Option,	notwithstanding	the	exercise	of	the	Option.		The	Company	will	issue	(or	cause	to	be	issued)	such	Shares	promptly	after	the	Option	is	exercised.			No	adjustment	will	be	made	for	a	dividend	or	other	right	for	which	the	record
date	is	prior	to	the	date	the	Shares	are	issued,	except	as	provided	in	Section	14	of	the	Plan.
Exercising	an	Option	in	any	manner	will	decrease	the	number	of	Shares	thereafter	available,	both	for	purposes	of	the	Plan	and	for	sale	under	the	Option,	by	the	number	of	Shares	as	to	which	the
Option	is	exercised.
(ii)
Termination	of	Relationship	as	a	Service	Provider
.			If	a	Participant	ceases	to	be	a	Service	Provider,	other	than	upon	the	Participant’s	termination	as	the	result	of	the	Participant’s	death	or	Disability,	the
Participant	may	exercise	his	or	her	Option	within	such	period	of	time	as	is	specified	in	the	Award	Agreement	to	the	extent	that	the	Option	is	vested	on	the	date	of	termination	(but	in	no	event	later	than	the	expiration	of	the	term	of	such	Option	as
set	forth	in	the	Award	Agreement).		In	the	absence	of	a	specified	time	in	the	Award	Agreement,	the	Option	will	remain	exercisable	for	three	(3)	months	following	the	Participant’s	termination.		Unless	otherwise	provided	by	the	Administrator,	if	on
the	date	of	termination	the	Participant	is	not	vested	as	to	his	or	her	entire	Option,	the	Shares	covered	by	the	unvested	portion	of	the	Option	will	revert	to	the	Plan.		If	after	termination	the	Participant	does	not	exercise	his	or	her	Option	within	the
time	specified	by	the	Administrator,	the	Option	will	terminate,	and	the	Shares	covered	by	such	Option	will	revert	to	the	Plan.
(iii)
Disability		of		Participant
.				If		a		Participant		ceases		to		be		a		Service	Provider	as	a	result	of	the	Participant’s	Disability,	the	Participant	may	exercise	his	or	her	Option	within	such	period	of	time	as	is
specified	in	the	Award	Agreement	to	the	extent	the	Option	is	vested	on	the	date	of	termination	(but	in	no	event	later	than	the	expiration	of	the	term	of	such	Option	as	set	forth	in	the	Award	Agreement).			In	the	absence	of	a	specified	time	in	the
Award	Agreement,	the	Option	will	remain	exercisable	for	twelve	(12)	months	following	the	Participant’s	termination.	Unless	otherwise	provided	by	the	Administrator,	if	on	the	date	of	termination	the	Participant	is	not	vested	as	to	his	or	her	entire
Option,	the	Shares	covered	by	the	unvested	portion	of	the	Option	will	revert	to	the	Plan.		If	after	termination	the	Participant	does	not	exercise	his	or	her	Option	within	the	time	specified	herein,	the	Option	will	terminate,	and	the	Shares	covered
by	such	Option	will	revert	to	the	Plan.
(iv)
Death	of	Participant
.		If	a	Participant	dies	while	a	Service	Provider,	the	Option	may	be	exercised	following	the	Participant’s	death	within	such	period	of	time	as	is	specified	in	the	Award	Agreement	to	the
extent	that	the	Option	is	vested	on	the	date	of	death	(but	in	no	event	may	the	option	be	exercised	later	than	the	expiration	of	the	term	of	such	Option	as	set	forth	in	the	Award	Agreement),	by	the	Participant’s	designated	beneficiary,	provided
such	beneficiary	has	been	designated	prior	to	Participant’s	death	in	a	form	acceptable	to	the	Administrator.			If	no	such	beneficiary	has	been	designated	by	the	Participant,	then	such	Option	may	be	exercised	by	the	personal	representative	of	the
Participant’s	estate	or	by	the	person(s)	to	whom	the	Option	is	transferred	pursuant	to	the	Participant’s	will	or	in	accordance	with	the	laws	of	descent	and	distribution.		In	the	absence	of	a	specified	time	in	the	Award	Agreement,	the	Option	will
remain	exercisable	for	twelve	(12)	months	following	Participant’s	death.		Unless	otherwise	provided	by	the	Administrator,	if	at	the	time	of	death	Participant	is	not	vested	as	to	his	or	her	entire	Option,	the	Shares	covered	by	the	unvested	portion
of	the	Option	will	immediately	revert	to	the	Plan.			If	the	Option	is	not	so	exercised	within	the	time	specified	herein,	the	Option	will	terminate,	and	the	Shares	covered	by	such	Option	will	revert	to	the	Plan.
-77.
Restricted	Stock
.
(a)
Grant	of	Restricted	Stock
.		Subject	to	the	terms	and	provisions	of	the	Plan,	the	Administrator,	at	any	time	and	from	time	to	time,	may	grant	Shares	of	Restricted	Stock	to	Service	Providers	in	such	amounts	as	the
Administrator,	in	its	sole	discretion,	will	determine.
(b)
Restricted		Stock		Agreement
.				Each		Award		of		Restricted		Stock		will		be	evidenced	by	an	Award	Agreement	that	will	specify	the	Period	of	Restriction,	the	number	of	Shares	granted,	and	such	other	terms	and
conditions	as	the	Administrator,	in	its	sole	discretion,	will	determine.		Unless	the	Administrator	determines	otherwise,	the	Company	as	escrow	agent	will	hold	Shares	of	Restricted	Stock	until	the	restrictions	on	such	Shares	have	lapsed.
(c)
Transferability
.					Except		as		provided		in		this		Section		7		or		the		Award	Agreement,	Shares	of	Restricted	Stock	may	not	be	sold,	transferred,	pledged,	assigned,	or	otherwise	alienated	or	hypothecated	until	the	end
of	the	applicable	Period	of	Restriction.
(d)
Other	Restrictions
.		The	Administrator,	in	its	sole	discretion,	may	impose	such	other	restrictions	on	Shares	of	Restricted	Stock	as	it	may	deem	advisable	or	appropriate.
(e)
Removal	of	Restrictions
.			Except	as	otherwise	provided	in	this	Section	7,	Shares	of	Restricted	Stock	covered	by	each	Restricted	Stock	grant	made	under	the	Plan	will	be	released	from	escrow	as	soon	as	practicable
after	the	last	day	of	the	Period	of	Restriction	or	at	such	other	time	as	the	Administrator	may	determine.		The	Administrator,	in	its	discretion,	may	accelerate	the	time	at	which	any	restrictions	will	lapse	or	be	removed.
(f)
Voting	Rights
.			During	the	Period	of	Restriction,	Service	Providers	holding	Shares	of	Restricted	Stock	granted	hereunder	may	exercise	full	voting	rights	with	respect	to	those	Shares,	unless	the	Administrator
determines	otherwise.
(g)
Dividends	and	Other	Distributions
.		During	the	Period	of	Restriction,	Service	Providers	holding	Shares	of	Restricted	Stock	will	be	entitled	to	receive	all	dividends	and	other	distributions	paid	with	respect	to	such
Shares,	unless	the	Administrator	provides	otherwise.		If	any	such	dividends	or	distributions	are	paid	in	Shares,	the	Shares	will	be	subject	to	the	same	restrictions	on	transferability	and	forfeitability	as	the	Shares	of	Restricted	Stock	with	respect
to	which	they	were	paid.
(h)
Return	of	Restricted	Stock	to	Company
.		On	the	date	set	forth	in	the	Award	Agreement,	the	Restricted	Stock	for	which	restrictions	have	not	lapsed	will	revert	to	the	Company	and	again	will	become	available	for
grant	under	the	Plan.
8.
Restricted	Stock	Units
.
(a)
Grant
.		Restricted	Stock	Units	may	be	granted	at	any	time	and	from	time	to	time	as	determined	by	the	Administrator.		After	the	Administrator	determines	that	it	will	grant	Restricted	Stock	Units	under	the	Plan,	it	will
advise	the	Participant	in	an	Award	Agreement	of	the	terms,	conditions,	and	restrictions	related	to	the	grant,	including	the	number	of	Restricted	Stock	Units.
(b)
Vesting	Criteria	and	Other	Terms
.		The	Administrator	will	set	vesting	criteria	in	its	discretion,	which,	depending	on	the	extent	to	which	the	criteria	are	met,	will	determine	the	number	of	Restricted	Stock	Units	that
will	be	paid	out	to	the	Participant.		The	Administrator	may	set	vesting	criteria	based	upon	the	achievement	of	Company-wide,	business	unit,	or	individual	goals	(including,	but	not	limited	to,	continued	employment),	or	any	other	basis	determined
by	the	Administrator	in	its	discretion,	subject	to	Section	4(a)(ii).
(c)
Earning	Restricted	Stock	Units
.		Upon	meeting	the	applicable	vesting	criteria,	the	Participant	will	be	entitled	to	receive	a	payout	as	determined	by	the	Administrator.	Notwithstanding	the	foregoing,	at	any	time	after
the	grant	of	Restricted	Stock	Units,	the	Administrator,	in	its	sole	discretion,	may	reduce	or	waive	any	vesting	criteria	that	must	be	met	to	receive	a	payout,	subject	to	Section	4(a)(ii).
(d)
Form	and	Timing	of	Payment
.		Payment	of	earned	Restricted	Stock	Units	will	be	made	as	soon	as	practicable	after	the	date(s)	determined	by	the	Administrator	and	set	forth	in	the	Award	Agreement.		The
Administrator,	in	its	sole	discretion,	may	only	settle	earned	Restricted	Stock	Units	in	cash,	Shares,	or	a	combination	of	both.
(e)
Cancellation
.			On	the	date	set	forth	in	the	Award	Agreement,	all	unearned	Restricted	Stock	Units	will	be	forfeited	to	the	Company.
-89.
Stock	Appreciation	Rights
.
(a)
Grant	of	Stock	Appreciation	Rights
.		Subject	to	the	terms	and	conditions	of	the	Plan,	a	Stock	Appreciation	Right	may	be	granted	to	Service	Providers	at	any	time	and	from	time	to	time	as	will	be	determined	by	the
Administrator,	in	its	sole	discretion.
(b)
Number		of		Shares
.				The		Administrator		will		have		complete		discretion		to	determine	the	number	of	Stock	Appreciation	Rights	granted	to	any	Service	Provider.
(c)
Exercise	Price	and	Other	Terms
.		The	per	share	exercise	price	for	the	Shares	to	be	issued	pursuant	to	exercise	of	a	Stock	Appreciation	Right	will	be	determined	by	the	Administrator	and	will	be	no	less	than	one
hundred	percent	(100%)	of	the	Fair	Market	Value	per	Share	on	the	date	of	grant.		Otherwise,	the	Administrator,	subject	to	the	provisions	of	the	Plan,	will
have		complete		discretion		to		determine		the		terms		and		conditions		of		Stock		Appreciation		Rights	granted	under	the	Plan.
(d)
Stock	Appreciation	Right	Agreement
.		Each	Stock	Appreciation	Right	grant	will	be	evidenced	by	an	Award	Agreement	that	will	specify	the	exercise	price,	the	term	of	the	Stock	Appreciation	Right,	the	conditions	of
exercise	(including	any	Performance	Goals),	and	such	other	terms	and	conditions	as	the	Administrator,	in	its	sole	discretion,	will	determine,	subject	to	Section	4(a)(ii).
(e)
Expiration	of	Stock	Appreciation	Rights
.		A	Stock	Appreciation	Right	granted	under	the	Plan	will	expire	upon	the	date	determined	by	the	Administrator,	in	its	sole	discretion,	and	set	forth	in	the	Award
Agreement.		Notwithstanding	the	foregoing,	the	rules	of	Section	6(b)	relating	to	the	maximum	term	and	Section	6(d)	relating	to	exercise	also	will	apply	to	Stock	Appreciation	Rights.
(f)
Payment	of	Stock	Appreciation	Right	Amount
.		Upon	exercise	of	a	Stock	Appreciation	Right,	a	Participant	will	be	entitled	to	receive	payment	from	the	Company	in	an	amount	determined	by	multiplying:
(i)
The	difference	between	the	Fair	Market	Value	of	a	Share	on	the	date	of	exercise	over	the	exercise	price;	times
(ii)
The	number	of	Shares	with	respect	to	which	the	Stock	Appreciation	
Right	is	exercised.
At	the	discretion	of	the	Administrator,	the	payment	upon	Stock	Appreciation	Right	exercise	may	be	in	cash,	in	Shares	of	equivalent	value,	or	in	some	combination	thereof.
10.
Performance	Units	and	Performance	Shares
.
(a)
Grant		of		Performance		Units/Shares
.				Performance		Units		and		Performance	Shares	may	be	granted	to	Service	Providers	at	any	time	and	from	time	to	time,	as	will	be	determined	by	the	Administrator,	in	its	sole
discretion.		The	Administrator	will	have	complete	discretion	in	determining	the	number	of	Performance	Units	and	Performance	Shares	granted	to	each	Participant.
(b)
Value	of	Performance	Units/Shares
.			Each	Performance	Unit	will	have	an	initial		value		that		is		established		by		the		Administrator		on		or		before		the		date		of		grant.				Each	Performance	Share	will	have	an	initial
value	equal	to	the	Fair	Market	Value	of	a	Share	on	the	date	of	grant.
(c)
Performance	Objectives	and	Other	Terms
.			The	Administrator	will	set	performance	objectives	or	other	vesting	provisions	(including,	without	limitation,	continued	status	as	a	Service	Provider)	in	its	discretion	which,
depending	on	the	extent	to	which	they	are	met,	will	determine	the	number	or	value	of	Performance	Units/Shares	that	will	be	paid	out	to	the	Service	Providers,	subject	to	Section	4(a)(ii).		The	time	period	during	which	the	performance	objectives
or	other	vesting	provisions	must	be	met	will	be	called	the	“Performance	Period.”		Each	Award	of	Performance	Units/Shares	will	be	evidenced	by	an	Award	Agreement	that	will	specify	the	Performance	Period,	and	such	other	terms	and	conditions
as	the	Administrator,	in	its	sole	discretion,	will	determine,	subject	to	Section	4(a)(ii).		The	Administrator	may	set	performance	objectives	based	upon	the	achievement	of	Company-wide,	divisional,	or	individual	goals,	applicable	federal	or	state
securities	laws,	or	any	other	basis	determined	by	the	Administrator	in	its	discretion,	subject	to	Section	4(a)(ii).
(d)
Earning		of		Performance		Units/Shares
.				After		the		applicable		Performance	Period	has	ended,	the	holder	of	Performance	Units/Shares	will	be	entitled	to	receive	a	payout	of	the	number	of	Performance	Units/Shares
earned	by	the	Participant	over	the	Performance	Period,	to	be	determined	as	a	function	of	the	extent	to	which	the	corresponding	performance	objectives	or	other	vesting	provisions	have	been	achieved.			After	the	grant	of	a	Performance
Unit/Share,	the	Administrator,	in	its	sole	discretion,	may	reduce	or	waive	any	performance	objectives	or	other	vesting	provisions	for	such	Performance	Unit/Share,	subject	to	Section	4(a)(ii).
(e)
Form	and	Timing	of	Payment	of	Performance	Units/Shares
.		Payment	of	earned	Performance	Units/Shares	will	be	made	as	soon	as	practicable	after	the	expiration	of	the	applicable	Performance	Period.		The
Administrator,	in	its	sole	discretion,	may	pay	earned	Performance	Units/Shares	in	the	form	of	cash,	in	Shares	(which	have	an	aggregate	Fair	Market	Value	equal	to	the	value	of	the	earned	Performance	Units/Shares	at	the	close	of	the	applicable
Performance	Period)	or	in	a	combination	thereof.
-9(f)
Cancellation	of	Performance	Units/Shares
.			On	the	date	set	forth	in	the	Award	Agreement,	all	unearned	or	unvested	Performance	Units/Shares	will	be	forfeited	to	the	Company,	and	again	will	be	available	for	grant
under	the	Plan.
11.
Formula	Awards	to	Outside	Directors
.
(a)
General
.		Outside	Directors	will	be	entitled	to	receive	all	types	of	Awards	(except	Incentive	Stock	Options)	under	this	Plan,	including	discretionary	Awards	not	covered	under	this	Section	11.		All	grants	of	Awards	to
Outside	Directors	pursuant	to	this	Section	will	be	automatic	and	nondiscretionary,	except	as	otherwise	provided	herein,	and	will	be	made	in	accordance	with	the	following	provisions:
(b)
Type	of	Option
.			If	Options	are	granted	pursuant	to	this	Section	they	will	be	Nonstatutory	Stock	Options	and,	except	as	otherwise	provided	herein,	will	be	subject	to	the	other	terms	and	conditions	of	the	Plan.
(c)
Initial	Award
.	Each	person	who	first	becomes	an	Outside	Director	following	the	Registration		Date		will		be		automatically		granted		an		Option		to		purchase		33,333		Shares		(the		“
Initial
	
Award
”)	on	or	about	the	date
on	which	such	person	first	becomes	an	Outside	Director,	whether	through	election	by	the	stockholders	of	the	Company	or	appointment	by	the	Board	to	fill	a	vacancy;	provided,	however,	that	an	Inside	Director	who	ceases	to	be	an	Inside	Director,
but	who	remains	a	Director,	will	not	receive	an	Initial	Award.
(d)
Triennial	Award
.	Every	three	(3)	years,	each	Outside	Director	will	be	automatically	granted	an	Option	to	purchase	50,000	Shares	(a	“
Triennial	Award
”).		The	initial	Triennial	Award	for	each	Outside	Director	will	be
granted	on	the	earlier	of:	(1)	the	seventh	(7
th
)	business	day	after	the	date	of	the	2015	annual	meeting	of	the	stockholders	of	the	Company	or	(2)	for	Outside	Directors	appointed	or	elected	after	June	12,	2012,	the	seventh	(7
th
)	business	day	after
the	date	of	the	meeting	of	the	stockholders	of	the	Company	immediately	following	the	date	such	Outside	Director	is	initially	appointed	or	elected	to	the	Board.	Subsequent	Triennial	Awards	will	be	granted	on	the	seventh	(7
th
)	business	day
following	the	third	annual	meeting	of	stockholders	following	the	grant	date	of	such	Outside	Director’s	previous	Triennial	Award.
(e)
Lead	Independent	Director	Award
.		Every	three	(3)	years,	the	lead	independent	director	of	the	Board	will	be	automatically	granted	an	Option	(a	“
Lead	Independent	Director	Award
”)	to	purchase	24,000
Shares.		The	initial	Lead	Independent	Director	Award	will	be	granted	on	the	later	of	either:	(1)	June	12,	2012	or	(2)	the	seventh	(7
th
)	business	day	following	such	Director’s	appointment	as	the	lead	independent	director.		Subsequent	Lead
Independent	Director	Awards	will	be	granted	on	the	three-year	anniversary	date	of	such	Director’s	previous	Lead	Independent	Director	Award.
(f)
Committee	Service	Awards
.
(i)
Every	three	(3)	years,	each	Outside	Director	who	serves	as	a	committee	member	will	be	automatically	granted	an	Option	(a	“
Committee	Member	Award
”)	to	purchase	the	number	of	Shares	indicated
directly	below.		The	initial	Committee	Member	Award	for	each	Outside	Director	who	serves	as	a	committee	member	will	be	granted	on	the	later	of	either:	(1)	June	12,	2012	or	(2)	the	seventh	(7
th
)	business	day	following	such	Outside	Director’s
appointment	as	a	committee	member.		Subsequent	Committee	Member	Awards	for	each	Outside	Director	who	serves	as	a	committee	member	will	be	granted	on	the	three-year	anniversary	date	of	such	Outside	Director’s	previous	Committee
Member	Award.
(A)
Audit	Committee	Member:		12,000	Shares
(B)
Compensation	Committee	Member:		9,000	Shares
(C)
Nominating	and	Corporate	Governance	Committee	Member:	6,000	Shares
(ii)
In	addition	to	any	Committee	Member	Awards,	every	three	(3)	years,	each	Outside	Director	who	serves	as	a	committee	chair	will	be	automatically	granted	an	option	(a	“
Committee	Chair	Award
”)	to
purchase	the	number	of	Shares	indicated	directly	below.		The	initial	Committee	Chair	Award	for	each	Outside	Director	who	serves	as	a	committee	chair	will	be	granted	on	the	later	of	either:	(1)	the	June	12,	2012	or	(2)	the	seventh	(7
th
)	business
day	following	such	Outside	Director’s	appointment	as	a	committee	chair.		Subsequent	Committee	Chair	Awards	for	each	Outside	Director	who	serves	as	a	committee	chair	will	be	granted	on	the	third	anniversary	date	of	such	Outside	Director’s
previous	Committee	Chair	Award.
(A)
Audit	Committee	Chair:	12,000	Shares
(B)
Compensation	Committee	Chair:		6,000	Shares
(C)
Nominating		and		Corporate		Governance		Committee		Chair:	3,000	
Shares
(g)
Terms
.		The	terms	of	each	Award	granted	pursuant	to	this	Section	will	be	as	follows:
(i)
The	term	of	the	Option	will	be	seven	(7)	years	or	such	earlier	expiration	specified	in	the	applicable	Award	Agreement.
-10(ii)
The	exercise	price	for	Shares	subject	to	Awards	will	be	one	hundred	percent	(100%)	of	the	Fair	Market	Value	on	the	grant	date.		
If	the	grant	date	indicated	in	this	Section	11	falls	on	a	non-business	day,
the	grant	shall	be	effective	as	of	the	next	business	day	following	such	date.
(iii)
Subject	to	Section	14,	the	Initial	Award	will	vest	and	become	exercisable	as	to	twenty-five	(25%)	of	the	Shares	subject	to	the	Initial	Award	vesting	on	the	one	year	anniversary	of	the	vesting
commencement	date,	and	1/48	of	the	Shares	subject	to	the	Initial	Award	vesting	on	the	same	day	of	the	month	as	of	the	vesting	commencement	date	(or	the	last	day	of	the	month	if	no	such	date	exists	for	the	month)	thereafter;	provided	that	the
Participant	continues	to	serve	as	a	Director	through	such	dates.
(iv)
Subject	to	Section	14,	the	Options	granted	under	a	Triennial	Award,	a	Lead	Independent	Director	Award,	a	Committee	Member	Award,	or	a	Committee	Chair	Award	will	vest	and	become	exercisable	over
a	three	(3)	year	period	with	1/36
th
	of	the	Shares	subject	to	such	award	vesting	on	each	monthly	anniversary	of	the	vesting	commencement	date	(which	shall	be	the	date	of	grant	of	each	such	award),	so	that	all	Shares	subject	to	such	award	shall
be	fully	vested	as	of	the		third		(3
rd
)		anniversary		of		the		vesting		commencement		date;		provided,		however,		that		the	Participant	continue	to	serve	in	the	capacity	for	which	such	awards	were	granted	(
i.e.
,	Director,	lead	outside	director,
committee	member	or	committee	chair).			Notwithstanding	the	immediately	preceding		sentence,		in		the		event		an		Outside		Director		ceases		to		be		a		Director		as		of		the		day	immediately	preceding	the	date	of	an	annual	meeting	of	the
stockholders	of	the	Company,	and	the	date	of	such	meeting	of	stockholders	is	prior	to	the	anniversary	date	of	the	vesting	commencement	date	for	the	same	calendar	year,	all	Shares	that	would	have	vested	as	of	such	anniversary	date	shall
become		vested		and		exercisable		as		of		the		day		immediately		preceding		such		annual		meeting		of	stockholders.
(v)
Awards	may	be	freely	transferable	to	the	Outside	Directors’	venture	capital	funds	or	employers	(or	an	affiliate,	within	the	meaning	of	Section	424(e)	or	(f)	of	the	Code,	of	an	Outside	Director’s	employer).
(e)
Adjustments
.		The	Administrator	in	its	discretion	may	change	and	otherwise	revise	the	terms	of	Awards	granted	under	this	Section	11,	including,	without	limitation,	the	number	of	Shares	and	exercise	prices	thereof,
for	Awards	granted	on	or	after	the	date	the	Administrator	determines	to	make	any	such	change	or	revision.
12.
Leaves	of	Absence/Transfer	Between	Locations
.		Unless	the	Administrator	provides	otherwise,	vesting	of	Awards	granted	hereunder	will	be	suspended	during	any	unpaid	leave	of	absence.			A	Participant	will	not	cease	to	be	an
Employee	in	the	case	of	(i)	any	leave	of	absence	approved		by	the		Company		or		(ii)	transfers		between		locations		of		the		Company	or		between		the	Company,	its	Parent,	or	any	Subsidiary.			For	purposes	of	Incentive	Stock	Options,	no	such	leave
may	exceed	three	(3)	months,	unless	reemployment	upon	expiration	of	such	leave	is	guaranteed	by	statute		or		contract.				If		reemployment		upon		expiration		of		a		leave		of		absence		approved		by		the	Company	is	not	so	guaranteed,	then	six	(6)
months	following	the	first	(1
st
)	day	of	such	leave	any	Incentive	Stock	Option	held	by	the	Participant	will	cease	to	be	treated	as	an	Incentive	Stock	Option	and	will	be	treated	for	tax	purposes	as	a	Nonstatutory	Stock	Option.
13.
Transferability	of	Awards
.			Unless	determined	otherwise	by	the	Administrator,	an	Award	may	not	be	sold,	pledged,	assigned,	hypothecated,	transferred,	or	disposed	of	in	any	manner	other	than	by	will	or	by	the	laws	of	descent
or	distribution	and	may	be	exercised,	during	the	lifetime	of	the	Participant,	only	by	the	Participant.		If	the	Administrator	makes	an	Award	transferable,	such	Award	will	contain	such	additional	terms	and	conditions	as	the	Administrator	deems
appropriate.
14.
Adjustments;	Dissolution	or	Liquidation;	Merger	or	Change	in	Control
.
(a)
Adjustments
.
(i)
In	the	event	that	any	dividend	or	other	distribution	(whether	in	the	form	of	cash,	Shares,	other	securities,	or	other	property),	recapitalization,	stock	split,	reverse	stock	split,	reorganization,	merger,
consolidation,	split-up,	spin-off,	combination,	repurchase,	or	exchange	of	Shares	or	other	securities	of	the	Company,	or	other	change	in	the	corporate	structure	of	the	Company	affecting	the	Shares	occurs,	the	Administrator,	in	order	to	prevent
diminution	or	enlargement	of	the	benefits	or	potential	benefits	intended	to	be	made	available	under	the	Plan,	will	adjust	the	number	and	class	of	Shares	that	may	be	delivered	under	the	Plan	and/or	the	number,	class,	and	price	of	Shares	covered
by	each	outstanding	Award,	the	numerical	Share	limits	in	Section	3	of	the	Plan,	and	the	number	of	Shares	issuable	pursuant	to	Awards	to	be	granted	under	Section	11	of	the	Plan.
(ii)
Upon	(or,	as	may	be	necessary	to	effect	the	adjustment,	immediately	prior	to)	any	event	or	transaction	described	in	the	preceding	paragraph	or	a	sale	of	all	or	substantially	all	of	the	business	or	assets	of
the	Company	as	an	entirety,	the	Company	may	equitably	and	proportionately	adjust	the	Performance	Goals	applicable	to	any	then-outstanding	performance-based	Awards	to	the	extent	necessary	to	prevent	diminution	or	enlargement	of	the
benefits	or	potential	benefits	intended	to	be	made	available	under	the	Plan	with	respect	to	such	Awards.
(iii)
It	is	intended	that,	if	possible,	any	adjustments	contemplated	by	the	preceding	two	paragraphs	be	made	in	a	manner	that	satisfies	applicable	legal,	tax	(including,	without	limitation	and	as	applicable	in
the	circumstances,	Sections	424,	409A	and	162(m)	of	the	Code)	and	accounting	(so	as	to	not	trigger	any	charge	to	earnings	with	respect	to	such	adjustment)	requirements.
-11(b)
Dissolution		or		Liquidation
.				In		the		event		of		the		proposed		dissolution		or	liquidation	of	the	Company,	the	Administrator	will	notify	each	Participant	as	soon	as	practicable	prior	to	the	effective	date	of	such
proposed	transaction.		To	the	extent	it	has	not	been	previously	exercised,	an	Award	will	terminate	immediately	prior	to	the	consummation	of	such	proposed	action.
(c)
Change	in	Control
.		In	the	event	of	a	merger	or	Change	in	Control,	each	outstanding	Award	will	be	treated	as	the	Administrator	determines,	including,	without	limitation,	that	each	Award	be	assumed	or	an	equivalent
option	or	right	substituted	by	the	successor	corporation	or	a	Parent	or	Subsidiary	of	the	successor	corporation.		The	Administrator	will	not	be	required	to	treat	all	Awards	similarly	in	the	transaction.
In	the	event	that	the	successor	corporation	does	not	assume	or	substitute	for	the	Award,	the	Participant	will	fully	vest	in	and	have	the	right	to	exercise	all	of	his	or	her	outstanding	Options	and	Stock	Appreciation	Rights,
including	Shares	as	to	which	such	Awards	would	not	otherwise	be	vested	or	exercisable,	all	restrictions	on	Restricted	Stock	and	Restricted	Stock	Units	will	lapse,	and,	with	respect	to	Awards	with	performance-based	vesting,	all	performance
goals	or	other	vesting	criteria	will	be	deemed	achieved	at	one	hundred	percent	(100%)	of	target	levels	and	all	other	terms	and	conditions	met.			In	addition,	if	an	Option	or	Stock	Appreciation	Right	is	not	assumed	or	substituted	in	the	event	of	a
Change	in	Control,	the	Administrator	will	notify	the	Participant		in		writing		or		electronically		that		the		Option		or		Stock		Appreciation		Right		will		be	exercisable	for	a	period	of	time	determined	by	the	Administrator	in	its	sole	discretion,	and	the
Option	or	Stock	Appreciation	Right	will	terminate	upon	the	expiration	of	such	period.
For	the	purposes	of	this	subsection	(c),	an	Award	will	be	considered	assumed	if,	following	the	Change	in	Control,	the	Award	confers	the	right	to	purchase	or	receive,	for	each	Share	subject	to	the	Award	immediately	prior	to
the	Change	in	Control,	the	consideration	(whether	stock,	cash,	or	other	securities	or	property)	received	in	the	Change	in	Control	by	holders	of	Common	Stock	for	each	Share	held	on	the	effective	date	of	the	transaction	(and	if	holders	were
offered	a	choice	of	consideration,	the	type	of	consideration	chosen	by	the	holders	of	a	majority	of	the	outstanding	Shares);	provided,	however,	that	if	such	consideration	received	in	the	Change	in	Control	is	not	solely	common	stock	of	the
successor	corporation	or	its	Parent,	the	Administrator	may,	with	the	consent	of	the	successor	corporation,	provide	for	the	consideration	to	be	received	upon	the	exercise	of	an	Option	or	Stock	Appreciation	Right	or	upon	the	payout	of	a	Restricted
Stock	Unit,	Performance	Unit	or	Performance	Share,	for	each	Share	subject	to	such	Award,	to	be	solely	common	stock	of	the	successor	corporation	or	its	Parent	equal	in	fair	market	value	to	the	per	share	consideration	received	by	holders	of
Common	Stock	in	the	Change	in	Control.
Notwithstanding	anything	in	this	Section	14(c)	to	the	contrary,	an	Award	that	vests,	is	earned	or	paid-out	upon	the	satisfaction	of	one	or	more	performance	goals	will	not	be	considered	assumed	if	the	Company	or	its
successor	modifies	any	of	such	performance	goals	without	the	Participant’s	consent;	provided,	however,	a	modification	to	such	performance	goals	only	to	reflect	the	successor	corporation’s	post-Change	in	Control	corporate	structure	will	not	be
deemed	to	invalidate	an	otherwise	valid	Award	assumption.
(d)
Outside	Director	Awards
.			With	respect	to	Awards	granted	to	an	Outside	Director	that	are	assumed	or	substituted	for,	if	on	the	date	of	or	following	such	assumption	or	substitution	the	Participant’s	status	as	a
Director	or	a	director	of	the	successor	corporation,	as	applicable,	is	terminated	other	than	upon	a	voluntary	resignation	by	the	Participant	(unless	such	resignation	is	at	the	request	of	the	acquirer),	then	the	Participant	will	fully	vest	in	and	have
the	right	to	exercise	Options	and/or	Stock	Appreciation	Rights	as	to	all	of	the	Shares	underlying	such	Award,	including	those	Shares	which	would	not	otherwise	be	vested	or	exercisable,	all	restrictions	on	Restricted	Stock	and	Restricted	Stock
Units	will	lapse,	and,	with	respect	to	Performance	Units	and	Performance	Shares,	all	performance	goals	or	other	vesting	criteria	will	be	deemed	achieved	at	one	hundred	percent	(100%)	of	target	levels	and	all	other	terms	and	conditions	met.
15.
Tax
.
(a)
Withholding		Requirements
.				Prior		to		the		delivery		of		any		Shares		or		cash	pursuant	to	an	Award	(or	exercise	thereof),	the	Company	will	have	the	power	and	the	right	to	deduct	or	withhold,	or	require	a
Participant	to	remit	to	the	Company,	an	amount	sufficient	to	satisfy	federal,	state,	local,	foreign	or	other	taxes	(including	the	Participant’s	FICA	obligation)	required	to	be	withheld	with	respect	to	such	Award	(or	exercise	thereof).
(b)
Withholding	Arrangements
.			The	Administrator,	in	its	sole	discretion	and	pursuant	to	such	procedures	as	it	may	specify	from	time	to	time,	may	permit	a	Participant	to	satisfy
such		tax		withholding		obligation,		in		whole		or		in		part		by		(without		limitation)		(a)		paying		cash,	(b)	electing	to	have	the	Company	withhold	otherwise	deliverable	cash	or	Shares	having	a	Fair	Market	Value	equal	to	the	minimum	statutory
amount	required	to	be	withheld,	or	(c)	delivering	to	the	Company	already-owned	Shares	having	a	Fair	Market	Value	equal	to	the	minimum	statutory	amount	required	to	be	withheld.		The	Fair	Market	Value	of	the	Shares	to	be	withheld	or
delivered	will	be	determined	as	of	the	date	that	the	taxes	are	required	to	be	withheld.
-12(c)
Compliance	With	Code	Section	409A
.		Awards	will	be	designed	and	operated	in	such	a	manner	that	they	are	either	exempt	from	the	application	of,	or	comply	with,	the	requirements	of	Code	Section	409A	such	that
the	grant,	payment,	settlement	or	deferral	will	not	be	subject	to	the	additional	tax	or	interest	applicable	under	Code	Section	409A,	except	as	otherwise	determined	in	the	sole	discretion	of	the	Administrator.		The	Plan	and	each	Award	Agreement
under	the	Plan	is	intended	to	meet	the	requirements	of	Code	Section	409A	and	will	be	construed	and	interpreted	in	accordance	with	such	intent,	except	as	otherwise	determined	in	the	sole	discretion	of	the	Administrator.		To	the	extent	that	an
Award	or	payment,	or	the	settlement	or	deferral	thereof,	is	subject	to	Code	Section	409A	the	Award	will	be	granted,	paid,	settled	or	deferred	in	a	manner	that	will	meet	the	requirements	of	Code	Section	409A,	such	that	the		grant,	payment,
settlement		or	deferral	will	not	be	subject	to	the	additional	tax	or	interest	applicable	under	Code	Section	409A.
16.
No	Effect	on	Employment	or	Service
.		Neither	the	Plan	nor	any	Award	will	confer	upon	a	Participant	any	right	with	respect	to	continuing	the	Participant’s	relationship	as	a	Service	Provider	with	the	Company,	nor	will	they
interfere	in	any	way	with	the	Participant’s	right	or	the	Company’s	right	to	terminate	such	relationship	at	any	time,	with	or	without	cause,	to	the	extent	permitted	by	Applicable	Laws.
17.
Date	of	Grant
.		The	date	of	grant	of	an	Award	will	be,	for	all	purposes,	the	date	on	which	the	Administrator	makes	the	determination	granting	such	Award,	or	such	other	later	date	as	is	determined	by	the	Administrator.		Notice
of	the	determination	will	be	provided	to	each	Participant	within	a	reasonable	time	after	the	date	of	such	grant.
18.
Term	of	Plan
.		Subject	to	Section	22	of	the	Plan,	the	Plan	will	become	effective	upon	its	adoption	by	the	Board.			It	will	continue	in	effect	for	a	term	of	ten	(10)	years	from	the	date	adopted	by	the	Board,	unless	terminated	earlier
under	Section	19	of	the	Plan.
19.
Amendment	and	Termination	of	the	Plan
.
(a)
Amendment	and	Termination
.			The	Board	may	at	any	time	amend,	alter,	suspend	or	terminate	the	Plan.
(b)
Stockholder	Approval
.		The	Company	will	obtain	stockholder	approval	of	any	Plan	amendment	to	the	extent	necessary	and	desirable	to	comply	with	Applicable	Laws.
(c)
Effect	of	Amendment	or	Termination
.		No	amendment,	alteration,	suspension	or	termination	of	the	Plan	will	impair	the	rights	of	any	Participant,	unless	mutually	agreed	otherwise	between	the	Participant	and	the
Administrator,	which	agreement	must	be	in	writing	and	signed	by	the	Participant	and	the	Company.		Termination	of	the	Plan	will	not	affect	the	Administrator’s	ability	to	exercise	the	powers	granted	to	it	hereunder	with	respect	to	Awards	granted
under	the	Plan	prior	to	the	date	of	such	termination.
20.
Conditions	Upon	Issuance	of	Shares
.
(a)
Legal	Compliance
.		Shares	will	not	be	issued	pursuant	to	the	exercise	of	an	Award	unless	the	exercise	of	such	Award	and	the	issuance	and	delivery	of	such	Shares	will	comply	with	Applicable	Laws	and	will	be	further
subject	to	the	approval	of	counsel	for	the	Company	with	respect	to	such	compliance.
(b)
Investment	Representations
.		As	a	condition	to	the	exercise	of	an	Award,	the	Company	may	require	the	person	exercising	such	Award	to	represent	and	warrant	at	the	time	of	any	such	exercise	that	the	Shares	are
being	purchased	only	for	investment	and	without	any	present	intention	to	sell	or	distribute	such	Shares	if,	in	the	opinion	of	counsel	for	the	Company,	such	a	representation	is	required.
21.
Inability	to	Obtain	Authority
.		The	inability	of	the	Company	to	obtain	authority	from	any	regulatory	body	having	jurisdiction,	which	authority	is	deemed	by	the	Company’s	counsel	to	be	necessary	to	the	lawful	issuance	and	sale
of	any	Shares	hereunder,	will	relieve	the	Company	of	any	liability	in	respect	of	the	failure	to	issue	or	sell	such	Shares	as	to	which	such	requisite	authority	will	not	have	been	obtained.
22.
Stockholder	Approval
.		The	Plan	will	be	subject	to	approval	by	the	stockholders	of	the	Company	within	twelve	(12)	months	after	the	date	the	Plan	is	adopted	by	the	Board.		Such	stockholder	approval	will	be	obtained	in	the
manner	and	to	the	degree	required	under	Applicable	Laws.
-13
Exhibit	10.6
TESLA,	INC.
2010	EQUITY	INCENTIVE	PLAN
STOCK	OPTION	AWARD	AGREEMENT
Unless	otherwise	defined	herein,	the	terms	defined	in	the	Tesla,	Inc.	2010	Equity	Incentive	Plan	(the	“Plan”)	will	have	the	same	defined	meanings	in	this	Stock	Option	Award	Agreement	(the	“Award	Agreement”).
	
I.
NOTICE	OF	STOCK	OPTION	GRANT
	
Participant	Name:
	
	
	
Address:
	
You	have	been	granted	an	Option	to	purchase	Common	Stock	of	Tesla,	Inc.	(the	“Company”),	subject	to	the	terms	and	conditions	of	the	Plan	and	this	Award	Agreement,	as	follows:
	
Grant	Number
	
	
	
Date	of	Grant
	
	
	
Vesting	Commencement	Date
	
	
	
Exercise	Price	per	Share
	
	
	
Total	Number	of	Shares	Granted
	
	
	
Total	Exercise	Price
	
	
	
Type	of	Option
	
	
	
Term/Expiration	date
	
Vesting	Schedule
Subject	to	any	acceleration	provisions	contained	in	the	Plan	or	set	forth	below,	this	Option	may	be	exercised,	in	whole	or	in	part,	in	accordance	with	the	following	schedule:
[
insert	vesting	schedule
]
Termination	Period:
This	Option	will	be	exercisable	for	three	(3)	months	after	the	Participant	ceases	to	be	a	Service	Provider,	unless	such	termination	is	due	to	participant’s	death	or	Disability,	in	which	case	this	Option	will	be	exercisable	for	twelve
(12)	months	after	the	Participant	ceases	to	be	a	Service	Provider.		Notwithstanding	the	forgoing,	in	no	event	may	this	Option	be	exercised	after	the	Term/expiration	date	as	provided	above	and	may	be	subject	to	earlier	termination	as	provided	in
Section	14	of	the	Plan.
By	Participant’s	acceptance	of	this	Award	Agreement	either	electronically	through	the	electronic	acceptance	procedure	established	by	the	Company	or	through	a	written	acceptance	delivered	to	the	Company	in	a	form
satisfactory	to	the	Company,	Participant	agrees	that	this	Option	is	granted	under	and	governed	by	the	terms	and	conditions	of	the	Plan	and	this	Award	Agreement,	including	the	Terms	and	Conditions	of	Stock	Option	Grant,	attached	hereto	as
Exhibit	A
,	all	of	which	are	made	a	part	of	this	document.		Participant	has	reviewed	the	Plan	and	this	Award	Agreement	in	their	entirety,	has	had	an	opportunity	to	obtain	the	advice	of	counsel	prior	to	executing	this	Award	Agreement	and	fully
understands	all	provisions	of	the	Plan	and	Award	Agreement.		Participant	hereby	agrees	to	accept	as	binding,	conclusive	and	final	all	decisions	or	interpretations	of	the	Administrator	upon	any	questions	relating	to	the	Plan	and	Award
Agreement.		Participant	further	agrees	to	notify	the	Company	upon	any	change	in	the	residence	address	indicated	below.In	witness	whereof,	Tesla,	Inc.	has	caused	this	Agreement	to	be	executed	on	its	behalf	by	its	duly-authorized	officer	on	the	day	and	year	first	indicated	above.
	
PARTICIPANT
	
TESLA,	INC.
	
	
	
	
	
	
Signature
	
By
	
	
	
	
	
	
Print	Name
	
Title
	
	
	
	
	
	
Residence	Address
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	EXHIBIT	A
TERMS	AND	CONDITIONS	OF	STOCK	OPTION	GRANT
1.	
Grant	of	Option
.	The	Company	hereby	grants	to	the	Participant	named	in	the	Notice	of	Grant	attached	as	Part	I	of	this	Award	Agreement	(the	“Participant”)	an	option	(the	“Option”)	to	purchase	the	number	of	Shares,	as	set	forth	in
the	Notice	of	Grant,	at	the	exercise	price	per	Share	set	forth	in	the	Notice	of	Grant	(the	“Exercise	Price”),	subject	to	all	of	the	terms	and	conditions	in	this	Award	Agreement	and	the	Plan,	which	is	incorporated	herein	by	reference.	Subject	to
Section	19	of	the	Plan,	in	the	event	of	a	conflict	between	the	terms	and	conditions	of	the	Plan	and	the	terms	and	conditions	of	this	Award	Agreement,	the	terms	and	conditions	of	the	Plan	will	prevail.
If	designated	in	the	Notice	of	Grant	as	an	Incentive	Stock	Option	(“ISO”),	this	Option	is	intended	to	qualify	as	an	ISO	under	Section	422	of	the	Internal	Revenue	Code	of	1986,	as	amended	(the	“Code”).	However,	if	this
Option	is	intended	to	be	an	ISO,	to	the	extent	that	it	exceeds	the	$100,000	rule	of	Code	Section	422(d)	it	will	be	treated	as	a	Nonstatutory	Stock	Option	(“NSO”).	Further,	if	for	any	reason	this	Option	(or	portion	thereof)	will	not	qualify	as	an	ISO,
then,	to	the	extent	of	such	nonqualification,	such	Option	(or	portion	thereof)	shall	be	regarded	as	a	NSO	granted	under	the	Plan.	In	no	event	will	the	Administrator,	the	Company	or	any	Parent	or	Subsidiary	or	any	of	their	respective	employees	or
directors	have	any	liability	to	Participant	(or	any	other	person)	due	to	the	failure	of	the	Option	to	qualify	for	any	reason	as	an	ISO.
2.	
Vesting	Schedule
.	Except	as	provided	in	Section	3,	the	Option	awarded	by	this	Award	Agreement	will	vest	in	accordance	with	the	vesting	provisions	set	forth	in	the	Notice	of	Grant.	Shares	scheduled	to	vest	on	a	certain	date	or	upon
the	occurrence	of	a	certain	condition	will	not	vest	in	Participant	in	accordance	with	any	of	the	provisions	of	this	Award	Agreement,	unless	Participant	will	have	been	continuously	a	Service	Provider	from	the	Date	of	Grant	until	the	date	such
vesting	occurs.
3.	
Administrator	Discretion
.	The	Administrator,	in	its	discretion,	may	accelerate	the	vesting	of	the	balance,	or	some	lesser	portion	of	the	balance,	of	the	unvested	Option	at	any	time,	subject	to	the	terms	of	the	Plan.	If	so	accelerated,
such	Option	will	be	considered	as	having	vested	as	of	the	date	specified	by	the	Administrator.
4.	
Exercise	of	Option
.
(a)	
Right	to	Exercise
.	This	Option	may	be	exercised	only	within	the	term	set	out	in	the	Notice	of	Grant,	and	may	be	exercised	during	such	term	only	in	accordance	with	the	Plan	and	the	terms	of	this	Award	Agreement.
(b)	
Method	of	Exercise
.	This	Option	is	exercisable	by	delivery	of	an	exercise	notice,	in	the	form	attached	as	
Exhibit	B
	(the	“Exercise	Notice”)	or	in	a	manner	and	pursuant	to	such	procedures	as	the	Administrator	may
determine,	which	will	state	the	election	to	exercise	the	Option,	the	number	of	Shares	in	respect	of	which	the	Option	is	being	exercised	(the	“Exercised	Shares”),	and	such	other	representations	and	agreements	as	may	be	required	by	the	Company
pursuant	to	the	provisions	of	the	Plan.	The	Exercise	Notice	will	be	completed	by	Participant	and	delivered	to	the	Company.	The	Exercise	Notice	will	be	accompanied	by	payment	of	the	aggregate	Exercise	Price	as	to	all	Exercised	Shares	together
with	any	applicable	tax	withholding.	This	Option	will	be	deemed	to	be	exercised	upon	receipt	by	the	Company	of	such	fully	executed	Exercise	Notice	accompanied	by	such	aggregate	Exercise	Price.
5.	
Method	of	Payment
.	Payment	of	the	aggregate	Exercise	Price	will	be	by	any	of	the	following,	or	a	combination	thereof,	at	the	election	of	Participant.
(a)	cash;
(b)	check;
(c)	consideration	received	by	the	Company	under	a	formal	cashless	exercise	program	adopted	by	the	Company	in	connection	with	the	Plan;	or
(d)	surrender	of	other	Shares	which	have	a	Fair	Market	Value	on	the	date	of	surrender	equal	to	the	aggregate	Exercise	Price	of	the	Exercised	Shares,	provided	that	accepting	such	Shares,	in	the	sole	discretion	of	the
Administrator,	will	not	result	in	any	adverse	accounting	consequences	to	the	Company.
6.	
Tax	Obligations
.
(a)	
Withholding	Taxes
.	Notwithstanding	any	contrary	provision	of	this	Award	Agreement,	no	certificate	representing	the	Shares	will	be	issued	to	Participant,	unless	and	until	satisfactory	arrangements	(as	determined	by	the
Administrator)	will	have	been	made	by	Participant	with	respect	to	the	payment	of	income,	employment	and	other	taxes	which	the	Company	determines	must	be	withheld	with	respect	to	such	Shares.	To	the	extent	determined	appropriate	by	the
Company	in	its	discretion,	it	will	have	the	right	(but	not	the	obligation)	to	satisfy	any	tax	withholding	obligations	by	reducing	the	number	of	Shares	otherwise	deliverable	to	Participant.	If	Participant	fails	to	make	satisfactory	arrangements	for	the
payment	of	any	required	tax	withholding	obligations	hereunder	at	the	time	of	the	Option	exercise,	Participant	acknowledges	and	agrees	that	the	Company	may	refuse	to	honor	the	exercise	and	refuse	to	deliver	Shares	if	such	withholding	amounts
are	not	delivered	at	the	time	of	exercise.(b)	
Notice	of	Disqualifying	Disposition	of	ISO	Shares
.	If	the	Option	granted	to	Participant	herein	is	an	ISO,	and	if	Participant	sells	or	otherwise	disposes	of	any	of	the	Shares	acquired	pursuant	to	the	ISO	on	or	before	the
later	of	(i)	the	date	two	(2)	years	after	the	Grant	Date,	or	(ii)	the	date	one	(1)	year	after	the	date	of	exercise,	Participant	will	immediately	notify	the	Company	in	writing	of	such	disposition.	Participant	agrees	that	Participant	may	be	subject	to
income	tax	withholding	by	the	Company	on	the	compensation	income	recognized	by	Participant.
(c)	
Code	Section	409A
.	Under	Code	Section	409A,	an	option	that	vests	after	December	31,	2004	(or	that	vested	on	or	prior	to	such	date	but	which	was	materially	modified	after	October	3,	2004)	that	was	granted	with	a	per
Share	exercise	price	that	is	determined	by	the	Internal	Revenue	Service	(the	“IRS”)	to	be	less	than	the	Fair	Market	Value	of	a	Share	on	the	date	of	grant	(a	“Discount	Option”)	may	be	considered	“deferred	compensation.”	A	Discount	Option	may
result	in	(i)	income	recognition	by	Participant	prior	to	the	exercise	of	the	option,	(ii)	an	additional	twenty	percent	(20%)	federal	income	tax,	and	(iii)	potential	penalty	and	interest	charges.	The	Discount	Option	may	also	result	in	additional	state
income,	penalty	and	interest	charges	to	the	Participant.	Participant	acknowledges	that	the	Company	cannot	and	has	not	guaranteed	that	the	IRS	will	agree	that	the	per	Share	exercise	price	of	this	Option	equals	or	exceeds	the	Fair	Market	Value
of	a	Share	on	the	Date	of	Grant	in	a	later	examination.	Participant	agrees	that	if	the	IRS	determines	that	the	Option	was	granted	with	a	per	Share	exercise	price	that	was	less	than	the	Fair	Market	Value	of	a	Share	on	the	date	of	grant,	Participant
will	be	solely	responsible	for	Participant’s	costs	related	to	such	a	determination.
7.	
Rights	as	Stockholder
.	Neither	Participant	nor	any	person	claiming	under	or	through	Participant	will	have	any	of	the	rights	or	privileges	of	a	stockholder	of	the	Company	in	respect	of	any	Shares	deliverable	hereunder	unless	and
until	certificates	representing	such	Shares	will	have	been	issued,	recorded	on	the	records	of	the	Company	or	its	transfer	agents	or	registrars,	and	delivered	to	Participant.	After	such	issuance,	recordation	and	delivery,	Participant	will	have	all	the
rights	of	a	stockholder	of	the	Company	with	respect	to	voting	such	Shares	and	receipt	of	dividends	and	distributions	on	such	Shares.
8.	
No	Guarantee	of	Continued	Service
.	PARTICIPANT	ACKNOWLEDGES	AND	AGREES	THAT	THE	VESTING	OF	SHARES	PURSUANT	TO	THE	VESTING	SCHEDULE	HEREOF	IS	EARNED	ONLY	BY	CONTINUING	AS	A	SERVICE
PROVIDER	AT	THE	WILL	OF	THE	COMPANY	(OR	THE	PARENT	OR	SUBSIDIARY	EMPLOYING	OR	RETAINING	PARTICIPANT)	AND	NOT	THROUGH	THE	ACT	OF	BEING	HIRED,	BEING	GRANTED	THE	OPTION	OR	ACQUIRING	SHARES
HEREUNDER.	PARTICIPANT	FURTHER	ACKNOWLEDGES	AND	AGREES	THAT	THIS	AWARD	AGREEMENT,	THE	TRANSACTIONS	CONTEMPLATED	HEREUNDER	AND	THE	VESTING	SCHEDULE	SET	FORTH	HEREIN	DO	NOT	CONSTITUTE
AN	EXPRESS	OR	IMPLIED	PROMISE	OF	CONTINUED	ENGAGEMENT	AS	A	SERVICE	PROVIDER	FOR	THE	VESTING	PERIOD,	FOR	ANY	PERIOD,	OR	AT	ALL,	AND	WILL	NOT	INTERFERE	IN	ANY	WAY	WITH	PARTICIPANT’S	RIGHT	OR	THE
RIGHT	OF	THE	COMPANY	(OR	THE	PARENT	OR	SUBSIDIARY	EMPLOYING	OR	RETAINING	PARTICIPANT)	TO	TERMINATE	PARTICIPANT’S	RELATIONSHIP	AS	A	SERVICE	PROVIDER	AT	ANY	TIME,	WITH	OR	WITHOUT	CAUSE.
9.	
Address	for	Notices
.	Any	notice	to	be	given	to	the	Company	under	the	terms	of	this	Award	Agreement	will	be	addressed	to	the	Company,	in	care	of	its	Human	Resources	Department	at	Tesla,	Inc.,	3500	Deer	Creek	Road,	Palo	Alto,
CA	94304,	or	at	such	other	address	as	the	Company	may	hereafter	designate	in	writing.
10.	
Non-Transferability	of	Option
.	This	Option	may	not	be	transferred	in	any	manner	otherwise	than	by	will	or	by	the	laws	of	descent	or	distribution	and	may	be	exercised	during	the	lifetime	of	Participant	only	by	Participant.
11.	
Binding	Agreement
.	Subject	to	the	limitation	on	the	transferability	of	this	grant	contained	herein,	this	Award	Agreement	will	be	binding	upon	and	inure	to	the	benefit	of	the	heirs,	legatees,	legal	representatives,	successors	and
assigns	of	the	parties	hereto.
12.	
Additional	Conditions	to	Issuance	of	Stock
.	If	at	any	time	the	Company	will	determine,	in	its	discretion,	that	the	listing,	registration	or	qualification	of	the	Shares	upon	any	securities	exchange	or	under	any	state	or	federal	law,	or
the	consent	or	approval	of	any	governmental	regulatory	authority	is	necessary	or	desirable	as	a	condition	to	the	issuance	of	Shares	to	Participant	(or	his	or	her	estate),	such	issuance	will	not	occur	unless	and	until	such	listing,	registration,
qualification,	consent	or	approval	will	have	been	effected	or	obtained	free	of	any	conditions	not	acceptable	to	the	Company.	The	Company	will	make	all	reasonable	efforts	to	meet	the	requirements	of	any	such	state	or	federal	law	or	securities
exchange	and	to	obtain	any	such	consent	or	approval	of	any	such	governmental	authority.	Assuming	such	compliance,	for	income	tax	purposes	the	Exercised	Shares	will	be	considered	transferred	to	Participant	on	the	date	the	Option	is	exercised
with	respect	to	such	Exercised	Shares.
13.	
Plan	Governs
.	This	Award	Agreement	is	subject	to	all	terms	and	provisions	of	the	Plan.	In	the	event	of	a	conflict	between	one	or	more	provisions	of	this	Award	Agreement	and	one	or	more	provisions	of	the	Plan,	the	provisions	of	the
Plan	will	govern.	Capitalized	terms	used	and	not	defined	in	this	Award	Agreement	will	have	the	meaning	set	forth	in	the	Plan.
14.	
Administrator	Authority
.	The	Administrator	will	have	the	power	to	interpret	the	Plan	and	this	Award	Agreement	and	to	adopt	such	rules	for	the	administration,	interpretation	and	application	of	the	Plan	as	are	consistent	therewith
and	to	interpret	or	revoke	any	such	rules	(including,	but	not	limited	to,	the	determination	of	whether	or	not	any	Shares	subject	to	the	Option	have	vested).	All	actions	taken	and	all	interpretations	and	determinations	made	by	the	Administrator	in
good	faith	will	be	final	and	binding	upon	Participant,	the	Company	and	all	other	interested	persons.	No	member	of	the	Administrator	will	be	personally	liable	for	any	action,	determination	or	interpretation	made	in	good	faith	with	respect	to	the
Plan	or	this	Award	Agreement.15.	
Electronic	Delivery
.	The	Company	may,	in	its	sole	discretion,	decide	to	deliver	any	documents	related	to	Options	awarded	under	the	Plan	or	future	options	that	may	be	awarded	under	the	Plan	by	electronic	means	or	request
Participant’s	consent	to	participate	in	the	Plan	by	electronic	means.	Participant	hereby	consents	to	receive	such	documents	by	electronic	delivery	and	agrees	to	participate	in	the	Plan	through	any	on-line	or	electronic	system	established	and
maintained	by	the	Company	or	another	third	party	designated	by	the	Company.
16.	
Captions
.	Captions	provided	herein	are	for	convenience	only	and	are	not	to	serve	as	a	basis	for	interpretation	or	construction	of	this	Award	Agreement.
17.	
Agreement	Severable
.	In	the	event	that	any	provision	in	this	Award	Agreement	will	be	held	invalid	or	unenforceable,	such	provision	will	be	severable	from,	and	such	invalidity	or	unenforceability	will	not	be	construed	to	have	any
effect	on,	the	remaining	provisions	of	this	Award	Agreement.
18.	
Modifications	to	the	Agreement
.	This	Award	Agreement	constitutes	the	entire	understanding	of	the	parties	on	the	subjects	covered.	Participant	expressly	warrants	that	he	or	she	is	not	accepting	this	Award	Agreement	in	reliance
on	any	promises,	representations,	or	inducements	other	than	those	contained	herein.	Modifications	to	this	Award	Agreement	or	the	Plan	can	be	made	only	in	an	express	written	contract	executed	by	a	duly	authorized	officer	of	the	Company.
Notwithstanding	anything	to	the	contrary	in	the	Plan	or	this	Award	Agreement,	the	Company	reserves	the	right	to	revise	this	Award	Agreement	as	it	deems	necessary	or	advisable,	in	its	sole	discretion	and	without	the	consent	of	Participant,	to
comply	with	Code	Section	409A	or	to	otherwise	avoid	imposition	of	any	additional	tax	or	income	recognition	under	Section	409A	of	the	Code	in	connection	to	this	Option.
19.	
Amendment,	Suspension	or	Termination	of	the	Plan
.	By	accepting	this	Award,	Participant	expressly	warrants	that	he	or	she	has	received	an	Option	under	the	Plan,	and	has	received,	read	and	understood	a	description	of	the	Plan.
Participant	understands	that	the	Plan	is	discretionary	in	nature	and	may	be	amended,	suspended	or	terminated	by	the	Company	at	any	time.
20.	
Governing	Law
.	This	Award	Agreement	will	be	governed	by	the	laws	of	the	State	of	California,	without	giving	effect	to	the	conflict	of	law	principles	thereof.	For	purposes	of	litigating	any	dispute	that	arises	under	this	Option	or	this
Award	Agreement,	the	parties	hereby	submit	to	and	consent	to	the	jurisdiction	of	the	State	of	California,	and	agree	that	such	litigation	will	be	conducted	in	the	courts	of	San	Mateo	County,	California,	or	the	federal	courts	for	the	United	States	for
the	Northern	District	of	California,	and	no	other	courts,	where	this	Option	is	made	and/or	to	be	performed.
	
	EXHIBIT	B
TESLA,	INC.
2010	EQUITY	INCENTIVE	PLAN
EXERCISE	NOTICE
Tesla,	Inc.
3500	Deer	Creek	Road
Palo	Alto,	California	94304
Attention:	Stock	Administration	Department
1.	
Exercise	of	Option
.	Effective	as	of	today,	___________,	___________,	the	undersigned	(“Purchaser”)	hereby	elects	to	purchase	___________	shares	(the	“Shares”)	of	the	Common	Stock	of	Tesla,	Inc.	(the	“Company”)	under	and	pursuant	to
the	2010	Equity	Incentive	Plan	(the	“Plan”)	and	the	Stock	Option	Award	Agreement	dated	___________	(the	“Award	Agreement”).	The	purchase	price	for	the	Shares	will	be	$___________	per	share,	as	required	by	the	Award	Agreement.
2.	
Delivery	of	Payment
.	Purchaser	herewith	delivers	to	the	Company	the	full	purchase	price	of	the	Shares	and	any	required	tax	withholding	to	be	paid	in	connection	with	the	exercise	of	the	Option.
3.	
Representations	of	Purchaser
.	Purchaser	acknowledges	that	Purchaser	has	received,	read	and	understood	the	Plan	and	the	Award	Agreement	and	agrees	to	abide	by	and	be	bound	by	their	terms	and	conditions.
4.	
Rights	as	Stockholder
.	Until	the	issuance	(as	evidenced	by	the	appropriate	entry	on	the	books	of	the	Company	or	of	a	duly	authorized	transfer	agent	of	the	Company)	of	the	Shares,	no	right	to	vote	or	receive	dividends	or	any	other
rights	as	a	stockholder	will	exist	with	respect	to	the	Shares	subject	to	the	Option,	notwithstanding	the	exercise	of	the	Option.	The	Shares	so	acquired	will	be	issued	to	Purchaser	as	soon	as	practicable	after	exercise	of	the	Option.	No	adjustment
will	be	made	for	a	dividend	or	other	right	for	which	the	record	date	is	prior	to	the	date	of	issuance,	except	as	provided	in	Section	14	of	the	Plan.
5.	
Tax	Consultation
.	Purchaser	understands	that	Purchaser	may	suffer	adverse	tax	consequences	as	a	result	of	Purchaser’s	purchase	or	disposition	of	the	Shares.	Purchaser	represents	that	Purchaser	has	consulted	with	any	tax	consultants
Purchaser	deems	advisable	in	connection	with	the	purchase	or	disposition	of	the	Shares	and	that	Purchaser	is	not	relying	on	the	Company	for	any	tax	advice.
6.	
Entire	Agreement;	Governing	Law
.	The	Plan	and	Award	Agreement	are	incorporated	herein	by	reference.	This	Exercise	Notice,	the	Plan	and	the	Award	Agreement	constitute	the	entire	agreement	of	the	parties	with	respect	to	the
subject	matter	hereof	and	supersede	in	their	entirety	all	prior	undertakings	and	agreements	of	the	Company	and	Purchaser	with	respect	to	the	subject	matter	hereof,	and	may	not	be	modified	adversely	to	the	Purchaser’s	interest	except	by	means
of	a	writing	signed	by	the	Company	and	Purchaser.	This	agreement	is	governed	by	the	internal	substantive	laws,	but	not	the	choice	of	law	rules,	of	the	State	of	California.
	
Submitted	by:
	
	
		
Accepted	by:
	
	
	
PURCHASER:
	
	
		
TESLA,	INC
	
	
	
	
	
	
		
	
Signature
	
	
		
By
	
	
	
	
	
	
		
	
Print	Name
	
	
		
Title
	
	
	
Address
:
	
	
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		
	
	
	
	
		
	
	
	
	
		
Date	Received
	
	
Exhibit	10.7
TESLA,	INC.
2010	EQUITY	INCENTIVE	PLAN
RESTRICTED	STOCK	UNIT	AGREEMENT
Unless	otherwise	defined	herein,	the	terms	defined	in	the	Tesla,	Inc.	2010	Equity	Incentive	Plan	(the	“Plan”)	will	have	the	same	defined	meanings	in	this	Restricted	Stock	Unit	Agreement	(the	“Award	Agreement”),	which	includes
the	Notice	of	Restricted	Stock	Unit	Grant	(the	“Notice	of	Grant”)	and	Terms	and	Conditions	of	Restricted	Stock	Unit	Grant,	attached	hereto	as	
Exhibit	A
.
NOTICE	OF	RESTRICTED	STOCK	UNIT	GRANT
	
Participant	Name:
Address:
Participant	has	been	granted	the	right	to	receive	an	Award	of	Restricted	Stock	Units,	subject	to	the	terms	and	conditions	of	the	Plan	and	this	Award	Agreement,	as	follows:
	
Grant	Number
Date	of	Grant
Date	of	Hire
Vesting	Commencement	Date
Number	of	Restricted	Stock	Units
Vesting	Schedule
:
Subject	to	any	acceleration	provisions	contained	in	the	Plan	or	set	forth	below,	the	Restricted	Stock	Units	will	vest	in	accordance	with	the	following	schedule:
[
insert	vesting	schedule
]
In	the	event	Participant	ceases	to	be	a	Service	Provider	for	any	or	no	reason	before	Participant	vests	in	the	Restricted	Stock	Units,	the	Restricted	Stock	Units	and	Participant’s	right	to	acquire	any	Shares	hereunder	will
immediately	terminate.
By	Participant’s	signature	and	the	signature	of	the	representative	of	Tesla,	Inc.	(the	“Company”)	below,	Participant	and	the	Company	agree	that	this	Award	of	Restricted	Stock	Units	is	granted	under	and	governed	by	the	terms	and
conditions	of	the	Plan	and	this	Award	Agreement,	including	the	Terms	and	Conditions	of	Restricted	Stock	Unit	Grant,	attached	hereto	as	
Exhibit	A
,	all	of	which	are	made	a	part	of	this	document.		Participant	acknowledges	and	agrees	that	by	accepting
this	Award	Agreement	on	the	E*TRADE	on-line	grant	agreement	response	pate,	such	acceptance	will	act	as	Participant’s	electronic	signature	to	this	Agreement	and	will	constitute	Participant’s	acceptance	of	and	agreement	with	all	of	the	terms	and
conditions	of	this	Award	Agreement	and	the	Plan.	Participant	has	reviewed	the	Plan	and	this	Award	Agreement	in	their	entirety,	has	had	an	opportunity	to	obtain	the	advice	of	counsel	prior	to	executing	this	Award	Agreement	and	fully	understands	all
provisions	of	the	Plan	and	Award	Agreement.		Participant	hereby	agrees	to	accept	as	binding,	conclusive	and	final	all	decisions	or	interpretations	of	the	Administrator	upon	any	questions	relating	to	the	Plan	and	Award	Agreement.		Participant	further
agrees	to	notify	the	Company	upon	any	change	in	the	residence	address	indicated	below.
	
PARTICIPANT
	
TESLA,	INC.
	
	
	
	
	
	
Signature
	
By
	
	
	
	
Print	Name
Title
	
	
	
	
Residence	Address
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		
EXHIBIT	A
TERMS	AND	CONDITIONS	OF	RESTRICTED	STOCK	UNIT	GRANT
1.
Grant
.		The	Company	hereby	grants	to	the	individual	named	in	the	Notice	of	Grant	(the	“Participant”)	under	the	Plan	an	Award	of	Restricted	Stock	Units,	subject	to	all	of	the	terms	and	conditions	in	this	Award	Agreement
and	the	Plan,	which	is	incorporated	herein	by	reference.		Subject	to	Section	19(c)	of	the	Plan,	in	the	event	of	a	conflict	between	the	terms	and	conditions	of	the	Plan	and	the	terms	and	conditions	of	this	Award	Agreement,	the	terms	and	conditions
of	the	Plan	will	prevail.
2.
Company’s	Obligation	to	Pay
.		Each	Restricted	Stock	Unit	represents	the	right	to	receive	a	Share	on	the	date	it	vests.		Unless	and	until	the	Restricted	Stock	Units	will	have	vested	in	the	manner	set	forth	in	Sections	3	or
4,	Participant	will	have	no	right	to	payment	of	any	such	Restricted	Stock	Units.		Prior	to	actual	payment	of	any	vested	Restricted	Stock	Units,	such	Restricted	Stock	Units	will	represent	an	unsecured	obligation	of	the	Company,	payable	(if	at	all)
only	from	the	general	assets	of	the	Company.		Any	Restricted	Stock	Units	that	vest	in	accordance	with	Sections	3	or	4	will	be	paid	to	Participant	(or	in	the	event	of	Participant’s	death,	to	his	or	her	estate)	in	whole	Shares,	subject	to	Participant
satisfying	any	applicable	tax	withholding	obligations	as	set	forth	in	Section	7.		Subject	to	the	provisions	of	Section	4,	such	vested	Restricted	Stock	Units	shall	be	paid	in	whole	Shares	as	soon	as	practicable	after	vesting,	but	in	each	such	case
within	the	period	sixty	(60)	days	following
	the	vesting	date
.		In	no	event	will	Participant	be	permitted,	directly	or	indirectly,	to	specify	the	taxable	year	of	the	payment	of	any	Restricted	Stock	Units	payable	under	this	Award	Agreement.
3.
Vesting	Schedule
.		Except	as	provided	in	Section	4,	and	subject	to	Section	5,	the	Restricted	Stock	Units	awarded	by	this	Award	Agreement	will	vest	in	accordance	with	the	vesting	provisions	set	forth	in	the	Notice	of
Grant.		Restricted	Stock	Units	scheduled	to	vest	on	a	certain	date	or	upon	the	occurrence	of	a	certain	condition	will	not	vest	in	Participant	in	accordance	with	any	of	the	provisions	of	this	Award	Agreement,	unless	Participant	will	have	been
continuously	a	Service	Provider	from	the	Date	of	Grant	until	the	date	such	vesting	occurs.
4.
Administrator	Discretion
.		The	Administrator,	in	its	discretion,	may	accelerate	the	vesting	of	the	balance,	or	some	lesser	portion	of	the	balance,	of	the	unvested	Restricted	Stock	Units	at	any	time,	subject	to	the	terms	of
the	Plan.		If	so	accelerated,	such	Restricted	Stock	Units	will	be	considered	as	having	vested	as	of	the	date	specified	by	the	Administrator.		The	payment	of	Shares	vesting	pursuant	to	this	Section	4	shall	in	all	cases	be	paid	at	a	time	or	in	a	manner
that	is	exempt	from,	or	complies	with,	Section	409A.
Notwithstanding	anything	in	the	Plan	or	this	Award	Agreement	to	the	contrary,	if	the	
vesting	of	the	balance,	or	some	lesser	portion	of	the	balance,	of	the	Restricted	Stock	Units	is	accelerated	in	connection	with
Participant’s	termination	
as	a	Service	Provider	
(provided	that	such	termination	is	a	“separation	from	service”	within	the	meaning	of	Section	409A,	as	determined	by	the	Company
)
,	other	than	due	to	death
,
	and	i
f	(x)	Participant	is	a	“specified
employee”	within	the	meaning	of	Section	409A	at	the	time	of	such	termination	as	a	Service	Provider	and	(y)	the	payment	of	such	accelerated	Restricted	Stock	Units	will	result	in	the	imposition	of	additional	tax	under	Section	409A	if	paid	to	Participant
on	or	within	the	six	(6)	month	period	following	Participant’s	termination	as	a	Service	Provider,	then	the	payment	of	such	accelerated	Restricted	Stock	Units	will	not	be	made	until	the	date	six	(6)	months	and	one	(1)	day	following	the	date	of
Participant’s	termination	as	a	Service	Provider,	unless	the	Participant	dies	following	his	or	her	termination	as	a	Service	Provider,	in	which	case,	the	Restricted	Stock	Units	will	be	paid	in	Shares	to	the	Participant’s	estate	as	soon	as	practicable
following	his	or	her	death.	
It	is	the	intent	of	this	
Award	
Agreement	that	it	and	all	payments	and	benefits	hereunder	be	exempt	from,	or	comply	with,	the	requirements	of	Section	409A
	so	that	none	of	the	Restricted	Stock	Units	provided	under	this
Award	Agreement	or	Shares	issuable	thereunder	will	be	subject	to	the	additional	tax	imposed	under	Section	409A
,	and	any	ambiguities	herein	will	be	interpreted	to	be	so	exempt	or	so	comply.		Each	payment	payable	under	this	Award	Agreement	is
intended	to	constitute	a	separate	payment	for	purposes	of	Treasury	Regulation	Section	1.409A-2(b)(2).		For	purposes	of	this	
Award	
Agreement,	“Section	409A”	means	Section	409A	of	the	Code,	and	
any	final	Treasury	Regulations	and	Internal	Revenue
Service	guidance	thereunder
,	as	each	may	be	amended	from	time	to	time.
5.
Forfeiture	upon	Termination	of	Status	as	a	Service	Provider
.		Notwithstanding	any	contrary	provision	of	this	Award	Agreement,	the	balance	of	the	Restricted	Stock	Units	that	have	not	vested	as	of	the	time	of
Participant’s	termination	as	a	Service	Provider	for	any	or	no	reason	and	Participant’s	right	to	acquire	any	Shares	hereunder	will	immediately	terminate.
6.
Death	of	Participant
.		Any	distribution	or	delivery	to	be	made	to	Participant	under	this	
Award	
Agreement	will,	if	Participant	is	then	deceased,	be	made	to	Participant’s	designated	beneficiary,	or	if	no	beneficiary	survives
Participant,	the	administrator	or	executor	of	Participant’s	estate.		Any	such	transferee	must	furnish	the	Company	with	(a)	written	notice	of	his	or	her	status	as	transferee,	and	(b)	evidence	satisfactory	to	the	Company	to	establish	the	validity	of
the	transfer	and	compliance	with	any	laws	or	regulations	pertaining	to	said	transfer.
		
7.
Withholding	of	Taxes
.		Notwithstanding	any	contrary	provision	of	this	
Award
	
Agreement,	no	certificate	representing	the	Shares	will	be	issued	to	Participant,	unless	and	until	satisfactory	arrangements	(as	determined	by	the
Company
)	will	have	been	made	by	Participant	with	respect	to	the	payment	of	income,	employment,	social	insurance,	payroll	and	other	taxes	which	the	Company	determines	must	be	withheld	with	respect	to	such	Shares.		
Prior	to	vesting	and/or
settlement	of	the	Restricted	Stock	Units,	Participant	will	pay	or	make	adequate	arrangements	satisfactory	to	the	Company	and/or	the	Participant’s	employer	(the	“Employer”)	to	satisfy	all	withholding	and	payment	obligations	of	the	Company	and/or
the	Employer.		In	this	regard,	Participant	authorizes	the	Company	and/or	the	Employer	to	withhold	all	applicable	tax	withholding	obligations	legally	payable	by	Participant	from	his	or	her	wages	or	other	cash	compensation	paid	to	Participant	by	the
Company	and/or	the	
E
mployer	or	from	proceeds	of	the	sale	of	Shares.		Alternatively,	or	in	addition,	if	permissible	under	applicable	local	law,	the
	
Company
,	in	its	sole	discretion	and	pursuant	to	such	procedures	as	it	may	specify	from	time	to	time,	may
permit	or	require	Participant	to	satisfy	such	tax	withholding	obligation,	in	whole	or	in	part	(without	limitation)	by	(a)	paying	cash,	(b)	electing	to	have	the	Company	withhold	otherwise	deliverable	Shares	having	a	Fair	Market	Value	equal	to	the
minimum	amount	required	to	be	withheld,	(c)	delivering	to	the	Company	already	vested	and	owned	Shares	having	a	Fair	Market	Value	equal	to	the	amount	required	to	be	withheld,	or	(d)	selling	a	sufficient	number	of	such	Shares	otherwise
deliverable	to	Participant	through	such	means	as	the	Company	may	determine	in	its	sole	discretion	(whether	through	a	broker	or	otherwise)	equal	to	the	amount	required	to	be	withheld.
		
To	the	extent	determined	appropriate	by	the	Company	in	its
discretion,	it	will	have	the	right	(but	not	the	obligation)	to	satisfy	any	tax	withholding	obligations	by	reducing	the	number	of	Shares	otherwise	deliverable	to	Participant.		If	Participant	fails	to	make	satisfactory	arrangements	for	the	payment	of	any
required	tax	withholding	obligations	hereunder	at	the	time	any	applicable	Restricted	Stock	Units	otherwise	are	scheduled	to	vest	pursuant	to	Sections	3	or	4	or	tax	withholding	obligations	related	to	Restricted	Stock	Units	otherwise	are	due,
Participant	will	permanently	forfeit	such	Restricted	Stock	Units	and	any	right	to	receive	Shares	thereunder	and	the	Restricted	Stock	Units	will	be	returned	to	the	Company	at	no	cost	to	the	Company.
8.
Rights	as	Stockholder
.		Neither	Participant	nor	any	person	claiming	under	or	through	Participant	will	have	any	of	the	rights	or	privileges	of	a	stockholder	of	the	Company	in	respect	of	any	Shares	deliverable	hereunder
unless	and	until	certificates	representing	such	Shares	will	have	been	issued,	recorded	on	the	records	of	the	Company	or	its	transfer	agents	or	registrars,	and	delivered	to	Participant.		After	such	issuance,	recordation	and	delivery,	Participant	will
have	all	the	rights	of	a	stockholder	of	the	Company	with	respect	to	voting	such	Shares	and	receipt	of	dividends	and	distributions	on	such	Shares.
9.
No	Guarantee	of	Continued	Service
.		PARTICIPANT	ACKNOWLEDGES	AND	AGREES	THAT	THE	VESTING	OF	THE	RESTRICTED	STOCK	UNITS	PURSUANT	TO	THE	VESTING	SCHEDULE	HEREOF	IS	EARNED	ONLY	BY
CONTINUING	AS	A	SERVICE	PROVIDER	AT	THE	WILL	OF	THE	COMPANY	(OR	THE	PARENT	OR	SUBSIDIARY	EMPLOYING	OR	RETAINING	PARTICIPANT)	AND	NOT	THROUGH	THE	ACT	OF	BEING	HIRED,	BEING	GRANTED	THIS	AWARD	OF
RESTRICTED	STOCK	UNITS	OR	ACQUIRING	SHARES	HEREUNDER.		PARTICIPANT	FURTHER	ACKNOWLEDGES	AND	AGREES	THAT	THIS	AWARD	AGREEMENT,	THE	TRANSACTIONS	CONTEMPLATED	HEREUNDER	AND	THE	VESTING
SCHEDULE	SET	FORTH	HEREIN	DO	NOT	CONSTITUTE	AN	EXPRESS	OR	IMPLIED	PROMISE	OF	CONTINUED	ENGAGEMENT	AS	A	SERVICE	PROVIDER	FOR	THE	VESTING	PERIOD,	FOR	ANY	PERIOD,	OR	AT	ALL,	AND	WILL	NOT	INTERFERE	IN
ANY	WAY	WITH	PARTICIPANT’S	RIGHT	OR	THE	RIGHT	OF	THE	COMPANY	(OR	THE	PARENT	OR	SUBSIDIARY	EMPLOYING	OR	RETAINING	PARTICIPANT)	TO	TERMINATE	PARTICIPANT’S	RELATIONSHIP	AS	A	SERVICE	PROVIDER	AT	ANY	TIME,
WITH	OR	WITHOUT	CAUSE.
10.
Address	for	Notices
.		Any	notice	to	be	given	to	the	Company	under	the	terms	of	this	Award	Agreement	will	be	addressed	to	the	Company	at	Tesla,	Inc.	Attention:	Stock	Administration,	3500	Deer	Creek	Road,	Palo	Alto,
CA	94304,	or	at	such	other	address	as	the	Company	may	hereafter	designate	in	writing.
11.
Grant	is	Not	Transferable
.		Except	to	the	limited	extent	provided	in	Section	6,	this	grant	and	the	rights	and	privileges	conferred	hereby	will	not	be	transferred,	assigned,	pledged	or	hypothecated	in	any	way	(whether	by
operation	of	law	or	otherwise)	and	will	not	be	subject	to	sale	under	execution,	attachment	or	similar	process.		Upon	any	attempt	to	transfer,	assign,	pledge,	hypothecate	or	otherwise	dispose	of	this	grant,	or	any	right	or	privilege	conferred
hereby,	or	upon	any	attempted	sale	under	any	execution,	attachment	or	similar	process,	this	grant	and	the	rights	and	privileges	conferred	hereby	immediately	will	become	null	and	void.
12.
Binding	Agreement
.		Subject	to	the	limitation	on	the	transferability	of	this	grant	contained	herein,	this	Award	Agreement	will	be	binding	upon	and	inure	to	the	benefit	of	the	heirs,	legatees,	legal	representatives,
successors	and	assigns	of	the	parties	hereto.
		
13.
Additional	Conditions	to	Issuance	of	Stock
.		If	at	any	time	the	Company	will	determine,	in	its	discretion,	that	the	listing,	registration,	qualification	or	rule	compliance	of	the	Shares	upon	any	securities	exchange	or	under
any	state,	federal	or	foreign	law,	the	tax	code	and	related	regulations	or	the	consent	or	approval	of	any	governmental	regulatory	authority	is	necessary	or	desirable	as	a	condition	to	the	issuance	of	Shares	to	Participant	(or	his	or	her	estate)
hereunder,	such	issuance	will	not	occur	unless	and	until	such	listing,	registration,	qualification,	rule	compliance,	consent	or	approval	will	have	been	completed,	effected	or	obtained	free	of	any	conditions	not	acceptable	to	the	Company.		
Where
the	Company	determines	that	the	delivery	of	the	payment	of	any	Shares	will	violate	federal	securities	laws	or	other	applicable	laws,	the	Company	will	defer	delivery	until	the	earliest	date	at	which	the	Company	reasonably	anticipates	that	the
delivery	of	Shares	will	no	longer	cause	such	violation.		
The	Company	will	make	all	reasonable	efforts	to	meet	the	requirements	of	any	such	state,	federal	or	foreign	law	or	securities	exchange	and	to	obtain	any	such	consent	or	approval	of	any
such	governmental	authority	or	securities	exchange.		
14.
Plan	Governs
.		This	Award	Agreement	is	subject	to	all	terms	and	provisions	of	the	Plan.		In	the	event	of	a	conflict	between	one	or	more	provisions	of	this	Award	Agreement	and	one	or	more	provisions	of	the	Plan,	the
provisions	of	the	Plan	will	govern.		Capitalized	terms	used	and	not	defined	in	this	Award	Agreement	will	have	the	meaning	set	forth	in	the	Plan.
15.
Administrator	Authority
.		The	Administrator	will	have	the	power	to	interpret	the	Plan	and	this	Award	Agreement	and	to	adopt	such	rules	for	the	administration,	interpretation	and	application	of	the	Plan	as	are
consistent	therewith	and	to	interpret	or	revoke	any	such	rules	(including,	but	not	limited	to,	the	determination	of	whether	or	not	any	Restricted	Stock	Units	have	vested).		All	actions	taken	and	all	interpretations	and	determinations	made	by	the
Administrator	in	good	faith	will	be	final	and	binding	upon	Participant,	the	Company	and	all	other	interested	persons.		No	member	of	the	Administrator	will	be	personally	liable	for	any	action,	determination	or	interpretation	made	in	good	faith
with	respect	to	the	Plan	or	this	Award	Agreement.
16.
Electronic	Delivery
.		The	Company	may,	in	its	sole	discretion,	decide	to	deliver	any	documents	related	to	
Restricted	Stock	Units
	awarded	under	the	Plan	or	future	
Restricted	Stock	Units
	that	may	be	awarded	under	the
Plan	by	electronic	means	or	request	Participant’s	consent	to	participate	in	the	Plan	by	electronic	means.		Participant	hereby	consents	to	receive	such	documents	by	electronic	delivery	and	agrees	to	participate	in	the	Plan	through	any	on-line	or
electronic	system	established	and	maintained	by	the	Company	or	another	third	party	designated	by	the	Company.
17.
Captions
.		Captions	provided	herein	are	for	convenience	only	and	are	not	to	serve	as	a	basis	for	interpretation	or	construction	of	this	Award	Agreement.
18.
Agreement	Severable
.		In	the	event	that	any	provision	in	this	Award	Agreement	will	be	held	invalid	or	unenforceable,	such	provision	will	be	severable	from,	and	such	invalidity	or	unenforceability	will	not	be	construed	to
have	any	effect	on,	the	remaining	provisions	of	this	Award	Agreement.
19.
Modifications	to	the	Award	Agreement
.		This	Award	Agreement	constitutes	the	entire	understanding	of	the	parties	on	the	subjects	covered.		Participant	expressly	warrants	that	he	or	she	is	not	accepting	this	Award
Agreement	in	reliance	on	any	promises,	representations,	or	inducements	other	than	those	contained	herein.		Modifications	to	this	Award	Agreement	or	the	Plan	can	be	made	only	in	an	express	written	contract	executed	by	a	duly	authorized
officer	of	the	Company.		Notwithstanding	anything	to	the	contrary	in	the	Plan	or	this	Award	Agreement,	the	Company	reserves	the	right	to	revise	this	Award	Agreement	as	it	deems	necessary	or	advisable,	in	its	sole	discretion	and	without	the
consent	of	Participant,	to	comply	with	Section	409A	or	to	otherwise	avoid	imposition	of	any	additional	tax	or	income	recognition	under	Section	409A	in	connection	to	this	Award	of	Restricted	Stock	Units.
20.
Amendment,	Suspension	or	Termination	of	the	Plan
.		By	accepting	this	Award,	Participant	expressly	warrants	that	he	or	she	has	received	an	Award	of	Restricted	Stock	Units	under	the	Plan,	and	has	received,	read	and
understood	a	description	of	the	Plan.		Participant	understands	that	the	Plan	is	discretionary	in	nature	and	may	be	amended,	suspended	or	terminated	by	the	Company	at	any	time.
21.
Governing	Law
.		This	Award	Agreement	will	be	governed	by	the	laws	of	the	state	of	California,	but	without	giving	effect	to	the	conflict	of	law	principles	thereof.		For	purposes	of	litigating	any	dispute	that	arises	under
this	Award	of	Restricted	Stock	Units	or	this	Award	Agreement,	the	parties	hereby	submit	to	and	consent	to	the	jurisdiction	of	the	State	of	California,	and	agree	that	such	litigation	will	be	conducted	in	the	courts	of	Santa	Clara	County,	California,
or	the	federal	courts	for	the	United	States	for	the	Northern	District	of	California,	and	no	other	courts,	where	this	Award	of	Restricted	Stock	Units	is	made	and/or	to	be	performed.
	
Exhibit	10.8
TESLA,	INC.
2010	EMPLOYEE	STOCK	PURCHASE	PLAN
(as	amended	and	restated	effective	August	3,	2011)
(as	further	amended	and	restated	effective	February	1,	2017)
1.
Purpose
.		The	purpose	of	the	Plan	is	to	provide	employees	of	the	Company	and	its	Designated	Subsidiaries	with	an	opportunity	to	purchase	Common	Stock	through	accumulated	payroll	deductions.		The	Company’s	intention
is	to	have	the	Plan	qualify	as	an	“employee	stock	purchase	plan”	under	Section	423	of	the	Code.		The	provisions	of	the	Plan,	accordingly,	will	be	construed	so	as	to	extend	and	limit	Plan	participation	in	a	uniform	and	nondiscriminatory	basis
consistent	with	the	requirements	of	Section	423	of	the	Code.
2.
Definitions
.
(a)
“
Administrator
”	means	the	Board	or	any	Committee	designated	by	the	Board	to	administer	the	Plan	pursuant	to	Section	14.
(b)
“
Applicable	Laws
”	means	the	requirements	relating	to	the	administration	of	equity-based	awards	under	U.S.	state	corporate	laws,	U.S.	federal	and	state	securities	laws,	the	Code,	any	stock	exchange	or	quotation
system	on	which	the	Common	Stock	is	listed	or	quoted	and	the	applicable	laws	of	any	foreign	country	or	jurisdiction	where	Awards	are,	or	will	be,	granted	under	the	Plan.
(c)
“
Board
”	means	the	Board	of	Directors	of	the	Company.
(d)
“
Change	in	Control
”	means	the	occurrence	of	any	of	the	following	events:
(i)
A	change	in	the	ownership	of	the	Company	which	occurs	on	the	date	that	any	one	person,	or	more	than	one	person	acting	as	a	group	(“
Person
”),	acquires	ownership	of	the	stock	of	the	Company	that,
together	with	the	stock	held	by	such	Person,	constitutes	more	than	fifty	percent	(50%)	of	the	total	voting	power	of	the	stock	of	the	Company;	provided,	however,	that	for	purposes	of	this	subsection,	the	acquisition	of	additional	stock	by	any	one
Person,	who	is	considered	to	own	more	than	fifty	percent	(50%)	of	the	total	voting	power	of	the	stock	of	the	Company	will	not	be	considered	a	Change	in	Control;	or
(ii)
A	change	in	the	effective	control	of	the	Company	which	occurs	on	the	date	that	a	majority	of	members	of	the	Board	is	replaced	during	any	twelve	(12)	month	period	by	Directors	whose	appointment	or
election	is	not	endorsed	by	a	majority	of	the	members	of	the	Board	prior	to	the	date	of	the	appointment	or	election.		For	purposes	of	this	clause,	if	any	Person	is	considered	to	be	in	effective	control	of	the	Company,	the	acquisition	of	additional
control	of	the	Company	by	the	same	Person	will	not	be	considered	a	Change	in	Control;	or
(iii)
A	change	in	the	ownership	of	a	substantial	portion	of	the	Company’s	assets	which	occurs	on	the	date	that	any	Person	acquires	(or	has	acquired	during	the	twelve	(12)	month	period	ending	on	the	date
of	the	most	recent	acquisition	by	such	person	or	persons)	assets	from	the	Company	that	have	a	total	gross	fair	market	value	equal	to	or	more	than	fifty	percent	(50%)	of	the	total	gross	fair	market	value	of	all	of	the	assets	of	the	Company
immediately	prior	to	such	acquisition	or	acquisitions;	provided,	however,	that	for	purposes	of	this	subsection,	the	following	will	not	constitute	a	change	in	the	ownership	of	a	substantial	portion	of	the	Company’s	assets:	(A)	a	transfer	to	an	entity
that	is	controlled	by	the	Company’s	stockholders	immediately	after	the	transfer,	or	(B)	a	transfer	of	assets	by	the	Company	to:	(1)	a	stockholder	of	the	Company	(immediately	before	the	asset	transfer)	in	exchange	for	or	with	respect	to	the
Company’	s	stock,	(2)	an	entity,	fifty	percent	(50%)	or	more	of	the	total	value	or	voting	power	of	which	is	owned,	directly	or	indirectly,	by	the	Company,	(3)	a	Person,	that	owns,	directly	or	indirectly,	fifty	percent	(50%)	or	more	of	the	total	value	or
voting	power	of	all	the	outstanding	stock	of	the	Company,	or	(4)	an	entity,	at	least	fifty	percent	(50%)	of	the	total	value	or	voting	power	of	which	is	owned,	directly	or	indirectly,	by	a	Person	described	in	this	subsection	(iii)(B)(3).		For	purposes	of
this	subsection,	gross	fair	market	value	means	the	value	of	the	assets	of	the	Company,	or	the	value	of	the	assets	being	disposed	of,	determined	without	regard	to	any	liabilities	associated	with	such	assets.
For	purposes	of	this	definition,	persons	will	be	considered	to	be	acting	as	a	group	if	they	are	owners	of	a	corporation	that	enters	into	a	merger,	consolidation,	purchase	or	acquisition	of	stock,	or	similar	business
transaction	with	the	Company.
(e)
“
Code
”	means	the	Internal	Revenue	Code	of	1986,	as	amended.		Reference	to	a	specific	section	of	the	Code	or	regulation	thereunder	shall	include	such	section	or	regulation,	any	valid	regulation	promulgated
under	such	section,	and	any	comparable	provision	of	any	future	legislation	or	regulation	amending,	supplementing	or	superseding	such	section	or	regulation.
(f)
“
Committee
”	means	a	committee	of	the	Board	appointed	in	accordance	with	Section	14	hereof.
(g)
“
Common	Stock
”	means	the	common	stock	of	the	Company.
(h)
“
Company
”	means	Tesla,	Inc.,	a	Delaware	corporation.(i)
“
Compensation
”	means	an	Eligible	Employee’s	regular	and	recurring	straight	time	gross	earnings,	payments	for	overtime	and	shift	premium,	but	exclusive	of	payments	for	incentive	compensation,	bonuses	and
other	similar	compensation.		The	Administrator,	in	its	discretion,	may,	on	a	uniform	and	nondiscriminatory	basis,	establish	a	different	definition	of	Compensation	for	a	subsequent	Offering	Period.
(j)
“
Designated	Subsidiary
”	means	any	Subsidiary	that	has	been	designated	by	the	Administrator	from	time	to	time	in	its	sole	discretion	as	eligible	to	participate	in	the	Plan.
(k)
“
Director
”	means	a	member	of	the	Board.
(l)
“
Eligible	Employee
”	means	any	individual	who	is	a	common	law	employee	of	an	Employer	and	is	customarily	employed	for	at	least	twenty	(20)	hours	per	week	and	more	than	five	(5)	months	in	any	calendar	year	by
the	Employer.		For	purposes	of	the	Plan,	the	employment	relationship	will	be	treated	as	continuing	intact	while	the	individual	is	on	sick	leave	or	other	leave	of	absence	that	the	Employer	approves.		Where	the	period	of	leave	exceeds	three	(3)
months	and	the	individual’s	right	to	reemployment	is	not	guaranteed	either	by	statute	or	by	contract,	the	employment	relationship	will	be	deemed	to	have	terminated	three	(3)	months	and	one	(1)	day	following	the	commencement	of	such
leave.		The	Administrator,	in	its	discretion,	from	time	to	time	may,	prior	to	an	Offering	Date	for	all	options	to	be	granted	on	such	Offering	Date,	determine	(on	a	uniform	and	nondiscriminatory	basis)	that	the	definition	of	Eligible	Employee	will	or
will	not	include	an	individual	if	he	or	she:	(i)	has	not	completed	at	least	two	(2)	years	of	service	since	his	or	her	last	hire	date	(or	such	lesser	period	of	time	as	may	be	determined	by	the	Administrator	in	its	discretion),	(ii)	customarily	works	not
more	than	twenty	(20)	hours	per	week	(or	such	lesser	period	of	time	as	may	be	determined	by	the	Administrator	in	its	discretion),	(iii)	customarily	works	not	more	than	five	(5)	months	per	calendar	year	(or	such	lesser	period	of	time	as	may	be
determined	by	the	Administrator	in	its	discretion),	(iv)	is	an	executive,	officer	or	other	manager,	or	(v)	is	a	highly	compensated	employee	under	Section	414(q)	of	the	Code.
(m)
“
Employer
”	means	any	one	or	all	of	the	Company	and	its	Designated	Subsidiaries.		With	respect	to	a	particular	Eligible	Employee,	Employer	means	the	Company	or	Designated	Subsidiary,	as	the	case	may	be,	that
directly	employs	the	Eligible	Employee.
(n)
“
Exchange	Act
”	means	the	Securities	Exchange	Act	of	1934,	as	amended,	including	the	rules	and	regulations	promulgated	thereunder.
(o)
“
Exercise	Date
”	means	the	last	Trading	Day	in	February	and	August	of	each	year.		Notwithstanding	the	preceding,	the	first	Exercise	Date	under	the	Plan	will	be	February	22,	2011.
(p)
“
Fair	Market	Value
”	means,	as	of	any	date	and	unless	the	Administrator	determines	otherwise,	the	value	of	Common	Stock	determined	as	follows:
(i)
If	the	Common	Stock	is	listed	on	any	established	stock	exchange	or	a	national	market	system,	including	without	limitation	the	New	York	Stock	Exchange,	the	Nasdaq	Global	Select	Market,	the	Nasdaq
Global	Market	or	the	Nasdaq	Capital	Market	of	The	Nasdaq	Stock	Market,	its	Fair	Market	Value	will	be	the	closing	sales	price	for	such	stock	(or	the	closing	bid,	if	no	sales	were	reported)	as	quoted	on	such	exchange	or	system	on	the	date	of
determination,	as	reported	in	
The	Wall	Street	Journal	
or	such	other	source	as	the	Administrator	deems	reliable;
(ii)
If	the	Common	Stock	is	regularly	quoted	by	a	recognized	securities	dealer	but	selling	prices	are	not	reported,	its	Fair	Market	Value	will	be	the	mean	of	the	closing	bid	and	asked	prices	for	the	Common
Stock	on	the	date	of	determination,	as	reported	in	
The	Wall	Street	Journal	
or	such	other	source	as	the	Administrator	deems	reliable;
(iii)
In	the	absence	of	an	established	market	for	the	Common	Stock,	the	Fair	Market	Value	thereof	will	be	determined	in	good	faith	by	the	Administrator;	or
(iv)
For	purposes	of	the	Offering	Date	of	the	first	Offering	Period	under	the	Plan,	the	Fair	Market	Value	will	be	the	initial	price	to	the	public	as	set	forth	in	the	final	prospectus	included	within	the
registration	statement	on	Form	S-1	filed	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission	for	the	initial	public	offering	of	the	Common	Stock	(the	“
Registration	Statement
”).
(q)
“
Fiscal	Year
”	means	the	fiscal	year	of	the	Company.
(r)
“
New	Exercise	Date
”	means	a	new	Exercise	Date	set	by	shortening	any	Offering	Period	then	in	progress.
(s)
“
Offering	Date
”	means	the	first	Trading	Day	of	each	Offering	Period.(t)
“
Offering	Periods
”	means	the	periods	of	approximately	six	(6)	months	during	which	an	option	granted	pursuant	to	the	Plan	may	be	exercised,	(i)	commencing	on	the	first	Trading	Day	on	or	after	March	1	of	each
year	and	terminating	on	the	last	Trading	Day	in	the	subsequent	August,	approximately	six	(6)	months	later,	and	(ii)	commencing	on	the	first	Trading	Day	on	or	after	September	1	of	each	year	and	terminating	on	the	last	Trading	Day	in	the
subsequent	February,	approximately	six	(6)	months	later.		Notwithstanding	the	preceding,	the	first	Offering	Period	under	the	Plan	commenced	with	the	first	Trading	Day	on	or	after	the	date	on	which	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission
declared	the	Company’s	Registration	Statement	effective	and	will	end	on	February	22,	2011.		The	next	Offering	Period	under	the	Plan	will	begin	on	March	1,	2011.		The	duration	and	timing	of	future	Offering	Periods	may	be	changed	pursuant	to
Sections	4	and	20.
(u)
“
Parent
”	means	a	“parent	corporation,”	whether	now	or	hereafter	existing,	as	defined	in	Section	424(e)	of	the	Code.
(v)
“
Participant
”	means	an	Eligible	Employee	who	participates	in	the	Plan.
(w)
“
Plan
”	means	this	Tesla,	Inc.	2010	Employee	Stock	Purchase	Plan.
(x)
“
Purchase	Price
”	means	an	amount	equal	to	eighty-five	percent	(85%)	of	the	Fair	Market	Value	of	a	share	of	Common	Stock	on	the	Offering	Date	or	on	the	Exercise	Date,	whichever	is	lower;	provided	however,	that
the	Purchase	Price	may	be	determined	for	subsequent	Offering	Periods	by	the	Administrator,	in	its	discretion,	subject	to	compliance	with	Section	423	of	the	Code	or	pursuant	to	Section	20.
(y)
“
Subsidiary
”	means	a	“subsidiary	corporation,”	whether	now	or	hereafter	existing,	as	defined	in	Section	424(f)	of	the	Code.
(z)
“
Trading	Day
”	means	a	day	on	which	the	national	stock	exchange	upon	which	the	Common	Stock	is	listed	is	open	for	trading.
3.
Eligibility
.
(a)
First	Offering	Period
.		Any	individual	who	is	an	Eligible	Employee	immediately	prior	to	the	first	Offering	Period	will	be	automatically	enrolled	in	the	first	Offering	Period.
(b)
Subsequent	Offering	Periods
.		Any	Eligible	Employee	on	a	given	Offering	Date	subsequent	to	the	first	Offering	Period	will	be	eligible	to	participate	in	the	Plan,	subject	to	the	requirements	of	Section	5.
(c)
Limitations
.		Any	provisions	of	the	Plan	to	the	contrary	notwithstanding,	no	Eligible	Employee	will	be	granted	an	option	under	the	Plan	(i)	to	the	extent	that,	immediately	after	the	grant,	such	Eligible	Employee	(or
any	other	person	whose	stock	would	be	attributed	to	such	Eligible	Employee	pursuant	to	Section	424(d)	of	the	Code)	would	own	capital	stock	of	the	Company	or	any	Parent	or	Subsidiary	of	the	Company	and/or	hold	outstanding	options	to
purchase	such	stock	possessing	five	percent	(5%)	or	more	of	the	total	combined	voting	power	or	value	of	all	classes	of	the	capital	stock	of	the	Company	or	of	any	Parent	or	Subsidiary	of	the	Company,	or	(ii)	to	the	extent	that	his	or	her	rights	to
purchase	stock	under	all	employee	stock	purchase	plans	(as	defined	in	Section	423	of	the	Code)	of	the	Company	or	any	Parent	or	Subsidiary	of	the	Company	accrues	at	a	rate	which	exceeds	twenty-five	thousand	dollars	($25,000)	worth	of	stock
(determined	at	the	Fair	Market	Value	of	the	stock	at	the	time	such	option	is	granted)	for	each	calendar	year	in	which	such	option	is	outstanding	at	any	time.
4.
Offering	Periods
.		The	Plan	will	be	implemented	by	consecutive	Offering	Periods	with	a	new	Offering	Period	commencing	on	the	first	Trading	Day	on	or	after	March	1	and	September	1	of	each	year,	or	on	such	other	date	as
the	Administrator	will	determine.		The	Administrator	will	have	the	power	to	change	the	duration	of	Offering	Periods	(including	the	commencement	dates	thereof)	with	respect	to	future	offerings	without	stockholder	approval	if	such	change	is
announced	prior	to	the	scheduled	beginning	of	the	first	Offering	Period	to	be	affected	thereafter.
5.
Participation
.
(a)
First	Offering	Period
.		An	Eligible	Employee	will	be	entitled	to	continue	to	participate	in	the	first	Offering	Period	pursuant	to	Section	3(a)	only	if	such	individual	submits	a	subscription	agreement	authorizing
payroll	deductions	in	a	form	determined	by	the	Administrator	(which	may	be	similar	to	the	form	attached	hereto	as	
Exhibit	A)
	to	the	Company’s	designated	plan	administrator	(i)	no	earlier	than	the	effective	date	of	the	Form	S-8	registration
statement	with	respect	to	the	issuance	of	Common	Stock	under	this	Plan	and	(ii)	no	later	than	ten	(10)	business	days	following	the	effective	date	of	such	S-8	registration	statement	or	such	other	period	of	time	as	the	Administrator	may	determine
(the	“
Enrollment	Window
”).		An	Eligible	Employee’s	failure	to	submit	the	subscription	agreement	during	the	Enrollment	Window	will	result	in	the	automatic	termination	of	such	individual’s	participation	in	the	first	Offering	Period.
(b)
Subsequent	Offering	Periods
.	An	Eligible	Employee	may	participate	in	the	Plan	pursuant	to	Section	3(b)by	(i)	submitting	to	the	Company’s	payroll	office	(or	its	designee),	on	or	before	a	date	prescribed	by	the
Administrator	prior	to	an	applicable	Offering	Date,	a	properly	completed	subscription	agreement	authorizing	payroll	deductions	in	the	form	provided	by	the	Administrator	for	such	purpose,	or	(ii)	following	an	electronic	or	other	enrollment
procedure	prescribed	by	the	Administrator.6.
Payroll	Deductions
.
(a)
At	the	time	a	Participant	enrolls	in	the	Plan	pursuant	to	Section	5,	he	or	she	will	elect	to	have	payroll	deductions	made	on	each	pay	day	during	the	Offering	Period	in	an	amount	not	exceeding	fifteen	percent	(15%)
of	the	Compensation	which	he	or	she	receives	on	each	pay	day	during	the	Offering	Period;	provided,	however,	that	should	a	pay	day	occur	on	an	Exercise	Date,	a	Participant	will	have	the	payroll	deductions	made	on	such	day	applied	to	his	or	her
account	under	the	subsequent	Offering	Period.	A	Participant’s	subscription	agreement	will	remain	in	effect	for	successive	Offering	Periods	unless	terminated	as	provided	in	Section	10	hereof.
(b)
Payroll	deductions	for	a	Participant	will	commence	on	the	first	pay	day	following	the	Offering	Date	and	will	end	on	the	last	pay	day	prior	to	the	Exercise	Date	of	such	Offering	Period	to	which	such	authorization	is
applicable,	unless	sooner	terminated	by	the	Participant	as	provided	in	Section	10	hereof;	provided,	however,	that	for	the	first	Offering	Period,	payroll	deductions	will	commence	on	the	first	pay	day	on	or	following	the	end	of	the	Enrollment
Window.
(c)
All	payroll	deductions	made	for	a	Participant	will	be	credited	to	his	or	her	account	under	the	Plan	and	will	be	withheld	in	whole	percentages	only.		A	Participant	may	not	make	any	additional	payments	into	such
account.
(d)
A	Participant	may	discontinue	his	or	her	participation	in	the	Plan	as	provided	in	Section	10.		If	permitted	by	the	Administrator,	as	determined	in	its	sole	discretion,	for	an	Offering	Period,	a	Participant	may	increase
or	decrease	the	rate	of	his	or	her	payroll	deductions	during	the	Offering	Period	by	(i)	properly	completing	and	submitting	to	the	Company’s	payroll	office	(or	its	designee),	on	or	before	a	date	prescribed	by	the	Administrator	prior	to	an	applicable
Exercise	Date,	a	new	subscription	agreement	authorizing	the	change	in	payroll	deduction	rate	in	the	form	provided	by	the	Administrator	for	such	purpose,	or	(ii)	following	an	electronic	or	other	procedure	prescribed	by	the	Administrator.		If	a
Participant	has	not	followed	such	procedures	to	change	the	rate	of	payroll	deductions,	the	rate	of	his	or	her	payroll	deductions	will	continue	at	the	originally	elected	rate	throughout	the	Offering	Period	and	future	Offering	Periods	(unless
terminated	as	provided	in	Section	10).		The	Administrator	may,	in	its	sole	discretion,	limit	the	nature	and/or	number	of	payroll	deduction	rate	changes	that	may	be	made	by	Participants	during	any	Offering	Period.		Any	change	in	payroll
deduction	rate	made	pursuant	to	this	Section	6(d)	will	be	effective	as	of	the	first	full	payroll	period	following	five	(5)	business	days	after	the	date	on	which	the	change	is	made	by	the	Participant	(unless	the	Administrator,	in	its	sole	discretion,
elects	to	process	a	given	change	in	payroll	deduction	rate	more	quickly).
(e)
Notwithstanding	the	foregoing,	to	the	extent	necessary	to	comply	with	Section	423(b)(8)	of	the	Code	and	Section	3(c),	a	Participant’s	payroll	deductions	may	be	decreased	to	zero	percent	(0%)	at	any	time	during
an	Offering	Period.		Subject	to	Section	423(b)(8)	of	the	Code	and	Section	3(c)	hereof,	payroll	deductions	will	recommence	at	the	rate	originally	elected	by	the	Participant	effective	as	of	the	beginning	of	the	first	Offering	Period	which	is	scheduled
to	end	in	the	following	calendar	year,	unless	terminated	by	the	Participant	as	provided	in	Section	10.
(f)
At	the	time	the	option	is	exercised,	in	whole	or	in	part,	or	at	the	time	some	or	all	of	the	Common	Stock	issued	under	the	Plan	is	disposed	of,	the	Participant	must	make	adequate	provision	for	the	Company’s	or
Employer’s	federal,	state,	or	any	other	tax	liability	payable	to	any	authority,	national	insurance,	social	security	or	other	tax	withholding	obligations,	if	any,	which	arise	upon	the	exercise	of	the	option	or	the	disposition	of	the	Common	Stock.		At
any	time,	the	Company	or	the	Employer	may,	but	will	not	be	obligated	to,	withhold	from	the	Participant’s	compensation	the	amount	necessary	for	the	Company	or	the	Employer	to	meet	applicable	withholding	obligations,	including	any
withholding	required	to	make	available	to	the	Company	or	the	Employer	any	tax	deductions	or	benefits	attributable	to	sale	or	early	disposition	of	Common	Stock	by	the	Eligible	Employee.
7.
Grant	of	Option
.		On	the	Offering	Date	of	each	Offering	Period,	each	Eligible	Employee	participating	in	such	Offering	Period	will	be	granted	an	option	to	purchase	on	each	Exercise	Date	with	respect	to	an	Offering	Period
(at	the	applicable	Purchase	Price)	up	to	a	number	of	shares	of	Common	Stock	determined	by	dividing	such	Eligible	Employee’s	payroll	deductions	accumulated	prior	to	such	Exercise	Date	and	retained	in	the	Eligible	Employee’s	account	as	of	the
Exercise	Date	by	the	applicable	Purchase	Price;	provided	that	in	no	event	will	an	Eligible	Employee	be	permitted	to	purchase	during	each	Offering	Period	more	than	500	shares	of	the	Common	Stock	(subject	to	any	adjustment	pursuant	to	Section
19),	and	provided	further	that	such	purchase	will	be	subject	to	the	limitations	set	forth	in	Sections	3(c)	and	13.		The	Eligible	Employee	may	accept	the	grant	of	such	option	with	respect	to	the	first	Offering	Period	by	submitting	a	properly
completed	subscription	agreement	in	accordance	with	the	requirements	of	Section	5(a)	on	or	before	the	last	day	of	the	Enrollment	Window,	and	(ii)	with	respect	to	any	future	Offering	Period	under	the	Plan,	by	electing	to	participate	in	the	Plan	in
accordance	with	the	requirements	of	Section	5(b).		The	Administrator	may,	for	future	Offering	Periods,	increase	or	decrease,	in	its	absolute	discretion,	the	maximum	number	of	shares	of	Common	Stock	that	an	Eligible	Employee	may	purchase
during	each	Offering	Period.		Exercise	of	the	option	will	occur	as	provided	in	Section	8,	unless	the	Participant	has	withdrawn	pursuant	to	Section	10.		The	option	will	expire	on	the	last	day	of	the	Offering	Period.8.
Exercise	of	Option
.
(a)
Unless	a	Participant	withdraws	from	the	Plan	as	provided	in	Section	10,	his	or	her	option	for	the	purchase	of	shares	of	Common	Stock	will	be	exercised	automatically	on	the	Exercise	Date,	and	the	maximum
number	of	full	shares	subject	to	the	option	will	be	purchased	for	such	Participant	at	the	applicable	Purchase	Price	with	the	accumulated	payroll	deductions	in	his	or	her	account.		No	fractional	shares	of	Common	Stock	will	be	purchased;	any
payroll	deductions	accumulated	in	a	Participant’s	account,	which	are	not	sufficient	to	purchase	a	full	share	will	be	returned	to	the	Participant.		Any	other	funds	left	over	in	a	Participant’s	account	after	the	Exercise	Date	will	be	returned	to	the
Participant.		During	a	Participant’s	lifetime,	a	Participant’s	option	to	purchase	shares	hereunder	is	exercisable	only	by	him	or	her.
(b)
If	the	Administrator	determines	that,	on	a	given	Exercise	Date,	the	number	of	shares	of	Common	Stock	with	respect	to	which	options	are	to	be	exercised	may	exceed	(i)	the	number	of	shares	of	Common	Stock	that
were	available	for	sale	under	the	Plan	on	the	Offering	Date	of	the	applicable	Offering	Period,	or	(ii)	the	number	of	shares	of	Common	Stock	available	for	sale	under	the	Plan	on	such	Exercise	Date,	the	Administrator	may	in	its	sole	discretion
provide	that	the	Company	will	make	a	pro	rata	allocation	of	the	shares	of	Common	Stock	available	for	purchase	on	such	Offering	Date	or	Exercise	Date,	as	applicable,	in	as	uniform	a	manner	as	will	be	practicable	and	as	it	will	determine	in	its
sole	discretion	to	be	equitable	among	all	Participants	exercising	options	to	purchase	Common	Stock	on	such	Exercise	Date,	and	continue	all	Offering	Periods	then	in	effect	or	terminate	all	Offering	Periods	then	in	effect	pursuant	to	Section
20.		The	Company	may	make	a	pro	rata	allocation	of	the	shares	available	on	the	Offering	Date	of	any	applicable	Offering	Period	pursuant	to	the	preceding	sentence,	notwithstanding	any	authorization	of	additional	shares	for	issuance	under	the
Plan	by	the	Company’s	stockholders	subsequent	to	such	Offering	Date.
9.
Delivery
.		As	soon	as	reasonably	practicable	after	each	Exercise	Date	on	which	a	purchase	of	shares	of	Common	Stock	occurs,	the	Company	will	arrange	the	delivery	to	each	Participant	of	the	shares	purchased	upon	exercise
of	his	or	her	option	in	a	form	determined	by	the	Administrator	(in	its	sole	discretion)	and	pursuant	to	rules	established	by	the	Administrator.		The	Company	may	permit	or	require	that	shares	be	deposited	directly	with	a	broker	designated	by	the
Company	or	to	a	designated	agent	of	the	Company,	and	the	Company	may	utilize	electronic	or	automated	methods	of	share	transfer.		The	Company	may	require	that	shares	be	retained	with	such	broker	or	agent	for	a	designated	period	of	time
and/or	may	establish	other	procedures	to	permit	tracking	of	disqualifying	dispositions	of	such	shares.		No	Participant	will	have	any	voting,	dividend,	or	other	stockholder	rights	with	respect	to	shares	of	Common	Stock	subject	to	any	option
granted	under	the	Plan	until	such	shares	have	been	purchased	and	delivered	to	the	Participant	as	provided	in	this	Section	9.
10.
Withdrawal
.
(a)
A	Participant	may	withdraw	all	but	not	less	than	all	the	payroll	deductions	credited	to	his	or	her	account	and	not	yet	used	to	exercise	his	or	her	option	under	the	Plan	at	any	time	by	(i)	submitting	to	the	Company’s
payroll	office	(or	its	designee)	a	written	notice	of	withdrawal	in	the	form	prescribed	by	the	Administrator	for	such	purpose	(which	may	be	similar	to	the	form	attached	hereto	as	Exhibit	B),	or	(ii)	following	an	electronic	or	other	withdrawal
procedure	prescribed	by	the	Administrator.		All	of	the	Participant’s	payroll	deductions	credited	to	his	or	her	account	will	be	paid	to	such	Participant	promptly	after	receipt	of	notice	of	withdrawal	and	such	Participant’s	option	for	the	Offering
Period	will	be	automatically	terminated,	and	no	further	payroll	deductions	for	the	purchase	of	shares	will	be	made	for	such	Offering	Period.		If	a	Participant	withdraws	from	an	Offering	Period,	payroll	deductions	will	not	resume	at	the	beginning
of	the	succeeding	Offering	Period,	unless	the	Participant	re-enrolls	in	the	Plan	in	accordance	with	the	provisions	of	Section	5.
(b)
A	Participant’s	withdrawal	from	an	Offering	Period	will	not	have	any	effect	upon	his	or	her	eligibility	to	participate	in	any	similar	plan	which	may	hereafter	be	adopted	by	the	Company	or	in	succeeding	Offering
Periods,	which	commence	after	the	termination	of	the	Offering	Period	from	which	the	Participant	withdraws.
11.
Termination	of	Employment
.		Upon	a	Participant’s	ceasing	to	be	an	Eligible	Employee,	for	any	reason,	he	or	she	will	be	deemed	to	have	elected	to	withdraw	from	the	Plan	and	the	payroll	deductions	credited	to	such
Participant’s	account	during	the	Offering	Period	but	not	yet	used	to	purchase	shares	of	Common	Stock	under	the	Plan	will	be	returned	to	such	Participant	or,	in	the	case	of	his	or	her	death,	to	the	person	or	persons	entitled	thereto	under	Section
15,	and	such	Participant’s	option	will	be	automatically	terminated.
12.
Interest
.		No	interest	will	accrue	on	the	payroll	deductions	of	a	Participant	in	the	Plan.
13.
Stock
.
(a)
Subject	to	adjustment	upon	changes	in	capitalization	of	the	Company	as	provided	in	Section	19	hereof,	the	maximum	number	of	shares	of	Common	Stock	which	will	be	made	available	for	sale	under	the	Plan	will	be
1,666,666	shares,	plus	an	annual	increase	to	be	added	on	the	first	day	of	each	Fiscal	Year	beginning	with	the	2011	Fiscal	Year,	equal	to	the	least	of	(i)	1,000,000	shares	of	Common	Stock,	(ii)	one	percent	(1%)	of	the	outstanding	shares	of
Common	Stock	on	such	date,	or	(iii)	an	amount	determined	by	the	Administrator.(b)
Until	the	shares	are	issued	(as	evidenced	by	the	appropriate	entry	on	the	books	of	the	Company	or	of	a	duly	authorized	transfer	agent	of	the	Company),	a	Participant	will	only	have	the	rights	of	an	unsecured
creditor	with	respect	to	such	shares,	and	no	right	to	vote	or	receive	dividends	or	any	other	rights	as	a	stockholder	will	exist	with	respect	to	such	shares.
(c)
Shares	of	Common	Stock	to	be	delivered	to	a	Participant	under	the	Plan	will	be	registered	in	the	name	of	the	Participant	or	in	the	name	of	the	Participant	and	his	or	her	spouse.
14.
Administration
.		The	Plan	will	be	administered	by	the	Board	or	a	Committee	appointed	by	the	Board,	which	Committee	will	be	constituted	to	comply	with	Applicable	Laws.		The	Administrator	will	have	full	and	exclusive
discretionary	authority	to	construe,	interpret	and	apply	the	terms	of	the	Plan,	to	determine	eligibility	and	to	adjudicate	all	disputed	claims	filed	under	the	Plan.		Every	finding,	decision	and	determination	made	by	the	Administrator	will,	to	the	full
extent	permitted	by	law,	be	final	and	binding	upon	all	parties.		Notwithstanding	any	provision	to	the	contrary	in	this	Plan,	the	Administrator	may	adopt	rules	or	procedures	relating	to	the	operation	and	administration	of	the	Plan	to	accommodate
the	specific	requirements	of	local	laws	and	procedures	for	jurisdictions	outside	of	the	United	States.		Without	limiting	the	generality	of	the	foregoing,	the	Administrator	is	specifically	authorized	to	adopt	rules	and	procedures	regarding	eligibility
to	participate,	the	definition	of	Compensation,	handling	of	payroll	deductions,	making	of	contributions	to	the	Plan	(including,	without	limitation,	in	forms	other	than	payroll	deductions),	establishment	of	bank	or	trust	accounts	to	hold	payroll
deductions,	payment	of	interest,	conversion	of	local	currency,	obligations	to	pay	payroll	tax,	determination	of	beneficiary	designation	requirements,	withholding	procedures	and	handling	of	stock	certificates	which	vary	with	local	requirements.
15.
Designation	of	Beneficiary
.
(a)
A	Participant	may	file	a	designation	of	a	beneficiary	who	is	to	receive	any	shares	of	Common	Stock	and	cash,	if	any,	from	the	Participant’s	account	under	the	Plan	in	the	event	of	such	Participant’s	death
subsequent	to	an	Exercise	Date	on	which	the	option	is	exercised	but	prior	to	delivery	to	such	Participant	of	such	shares	and	cash.		In	addition,	a	Participant	may	file	a	designation	of	a	beneficiary	who	is	to	receive	any	cash	from	the	Participant’s
account	under	the	Plan	in	the	event	of	such	Participant’s	death	prior	to	exercise	of	the	option.		If	a	Participant	is	married	and	the	designated	beneficiary	is	not	the	spouse,	spousal	consent	will	be	required	for	such	designation	to	be	effective.
(b)
Such	designation	of	beneficiary	may	be	changed	by	the	Participant	at	any	time	by	notice	in	a	form	determined	by	the	Administrator.		In	the	event	of	the	death	of	a	Participant	and	in	the	absence	of	a	beneficiary
validly	designated	under	the	Plan	who	is	living	at	the	time	of	such	Participant’s	death,	the	Company	will	deliver	such	shares	and/or	cash	to	the	executor	or	administrator	of	the	estate	of	the	Participant,	or	if	no	such	executor	or	administrator	has
been	appointed	(to	the	knowledge	of	the	Company),	the	Company,	in	its	discretion,	may	deliver	such	shares	and/or	cash	to	the	spouse	or	to	any	one	or	more	dependents	or	relatives	of	the	Participant,	or	if	no	spouse,	dependent	or	relative	is
known	to	the	Company,	then	to	such	other	person	as	the	Company	may	designate.
(c)
All	beneficiary	designations	will	be	in	such	form	and	manner	as	the	Administrator	may	designate	from	time	to	time.
16.
Transferability
.		Neither	payroll	deductions	credited	to	a	Participant’s	account	nor	any	rights	with	regard	to	the	exercise	of	an	option	or	to	receive	shares	of	Common	Stock	under	the	Plan	may	be	assigned,	transferred,
pledged	or	otherwise	disposed	of	in	any	way	(other	than	by	will,	the	laws	of	descent	and	distribution	or	as	provided	in	Section	15	hereof)	by	the	Participant.		Any	such	attempt	at	assignment,	transfer,	pledge	or	other	disposition	will	be	without
effect,	except	that	the	Company	may	treat	such	act	as	an	election	to	withdraw	funds	from	an	Offering	Period	in	accordance	with	Section	10	hereof.
17.
Use	of	Funds
.		The	Company	may	use	all	payroll	deductions	received	or	held	by	it	under	the	Plan	for	any	corporate	purpose,	and	the	Company	will	not	be	obligated	to	segregate	such	payroll	deductions.		Until	shares	of
Common	Stock	are	issued,	Participants	will	only	have	the	rights	of	an	unsecured	creditor	with	respect	to	such	shares.
18.
Reports
.		Individual	accounts	will	be	maintained	for	each	Participant	in	the	Plan.		Statements	of	account	will	be	given	to	participating	Eligible	Employees	at	least	annually,	which	statements	will	set	forth	the	amounts	of
payroll	deductions,	the	Purchase	Price,	the	number	of	shares	of	Common	Stock	purchased	and	the	remaining	cash	balance,	if	any.
19.
Adjustments,	Dissolution,	Liquidation,	Merger	or	Change	in	Control
.
(a)
Adjustments
.		In	the	event	that	any	dividend	or	other	distribution	(whether	in	the	form	of	cash,	Common	Stock,	other	securities,	or	other	property),	recapitalization,	stock	split,	reverse	stock	split,	reorganization,
merger,	consolidation,	split-up,	spin-off,	combination,	repurchase,	or	exchange	of	Common	Stock	or	other	securities	of	the	Company,	or	other	change	in	the	corporate	structure	of	the	Company	affecting	the	Common	Stock	occurs,	the
Administrator,	in	order	to	prevent	dilution	or	enlargement	of	the	benefits	or	potential	benefits	intended	to	be	made	available	under	the	Plan,	will,	in	such	manner	as	it	may	deem	equitable,	adjust	the	number	and	class	of	Common	Stock	that	may
be	delivered	under	the	Plan,	the	Purchase	Price	per	share	and	the	number	of	shares	of	Common	Stock	covered	by	each	option	under	the	Plan	which	has	not	yet	been	exercised,	and	the	numerical	limits	of	Sections	7and	13.(b)
Dissolution	or	Liquidation
.		In	the	event	of	the	proposed	dissolution	or	liquidation	of	the	Company,	any	Offering	Period	then	in	progress	will	be	shortened	by	setting	a	New	Exercise	Date,	and	will	terminate
immediately	prior	to	the	consummation	of	such	proposed	dissolution	or	liquidation,	unless	provided	otherwise	by	the	Administrator.		The	New	Exercise	Date	will	be	before	the	date	of	the	Company’s	proposed	dissolution	or	liquidation.		The
Administrator	will	notify	each	Participant	in	writing,	at	least	ten	(10)	business	days	prior	to	the	New	Exercise	Date,	that	the	Exercise	Date	for	the	Participant’s	option	has	been	changed	to	the	New	Exercise	Date	and	that	the	Participant’s	option
will	be	exercised	automatically	on	the	New	Exercise	Date,	unless	prior	to	such	date	the	Participant	has	withdrawn	from	the	Offering	Period	as	provided	in	Section	10	hereof.
(c)
Merger	or	Change	in	Control
.		In	the	event	of	a	merger	or	Change	in	Control,	each	outstanding	option	will	be	assumed	or	an	equivalent	option	substituted	by	the	successor	corporation	or	a	Parent	or	Subsidiary	of
the	successor	corporation.		In	the	event	that	the	successor	corporation	refuses	to	assume	or	substitute	for	the	option,	the	Offering	Period	with	respect	to	which	such	option	relates	will	be	shortened	by	setting	a	New	Exercise	Date	and	will	end	on
the	New	Exercise	Date.		The	New	Exercise	Date	will	occur	before	the	date	of	the	Company’s	proposed	merger	or	Change	in	Control.		The	Administrator	will	notify	each	Participant	in	writing	prior	to	the	New	Exercise	Date,	that	the	Exercise	Date
for	the	Participant’s	option	has	been	changed	to	the	New	Exercise	Date	and	that	the	Participant’s	option	will	be	exercised	automatically	on	the	New	Exercise	Date,	unless	prior	to	such	date	the	Participant	has	withdrawn	from	the	Offering	Period
as	provided	in	Section	10	hereof.
20.
Amendment	or	Termination
.
(a)
The	Administrator,	in	its	sole	discretion,	may	amend,	suspend,	or	terminate	the	Plan,	or	any	part	thereof,	at	any	time	and	for	any	reason.		If	the	Plan	is	terminated,	the	Administrator,	in	its	discretion,	may	elect	to
terminate	all	outstanding	Offering	Periods	either	immediately	or	upon	completion	of	the	purchase	of	shares	of	Common	Stock	on	the	next	Exercise	Date	(which	may	be	sooner	than	originally	scheduled,	if	determined	by	the	Administrator	in	its
discretion),	or	may	elect	to	permit	Offering	Periods	to	expire	in	accordance	with	their	terms	(and	subject	to	any	adjustment	pursuant	to	Section	19).		If	the	Offering	Periods	are	terminated	prior	to	expiration,	all	amounts	then	credited	to
Participants’	accounts	which	have	not	been	used	to	purchase	shares	of	Common	Stock	will	be	returned	to	the	Participants	(without	interest	thereon,	except	as	otherwise	required	under	local	laws)	as	soon	as	administratively	practicable.
(b)
Without	stockholder	consent	and	without	limiting	Section	20(a),	the	Administrator	will	be	entitled	to	change	the	Offering	Periods,	limit	the	frequency	and/or	number	of	changes	in	the	amount	withheld	during	an
Offering	Period,	establish	the	exchange	ratio	applicable	to	amounts	withheld	in	a	currency	other	than	U.S.	dollars,	permit	payroll	withholding	in	excess	of	the	amount	designated	by	a	Participant	in	order	to	adjust	for	delays	or	mistakes	in	the
Company’s	processing	of	properly	completed	withholding	elections,	establish	reasonable	waiting	and	adjustment	periods	and/or	accounting	and	crediting	procedures	to	ensure	that	amounts	applied	toward	the	purchase	of	Common	Stock	for	each
Participant	properly	correspond	with	amounts	withheld	from	the	Participant’s	Compensation,	and	establish	such	other	limitations	or	procedures	as	the	Administrator	determines	in	its	sole	discretion	advisable	which	are	consistent	with	the	Plan.
(c)
In	the	event	the	Administrator	determines	that	the	ongoing	operation	of	the	Plan	may	result	in	unfavorable	financial	accounting	consequences,	the	Administrator	may,	in	its	discretion	and,	to	the	extent	necessary
or	desirable,	modify,	amend	or	terminate	the	Plan	to	reduce	or	eliminate	such	accounting	consequence	including,	but	not	limited	to:
(i)
amending	the	Plan	to	conform	with	the	safe	harbor	definition	under	Financial	Accounting	Standards	Board	Accounting	Standards	Codification	Topic	718,	including	with	respect	to	an	Offering	Period
underway	at	the	time;
(ii)
altering	the	Purchase	Price	for	any	Offering	Period	including	an	Offering	Period	underway	at	the	time	of	the	change	in	Purchase	Price;
(iii)
shortening	any	Offering	Period	by	setting	a	New	Exercise	Date,	including	an	Offering	Period	underway	at	the	time	of	the	Administrator	action;
(iv)
reducing	the	maximum	percentage	of	Compensation	a	Participant	may	elect	to	set	aside	as	payroll	deductions;	and
(v)
reducing	the	maximum	number	of	Shares	a	Participant	may	purchase	during	any	Offering	Period.
Such	modifications	or	amendments	will	not	require	stockholder	approval	or	the	consent	of	any	Plan	Participants.
21.
Notices
.		All	notices	or	other	communications	by	a	Participant	to	the	Company	under	or	in	connection	with	the	Plan	will	be	deemed	to	have	been	duly	given	when	received	in	the	form	and	manner	specified	by	the	Company
at	the	location,	or	by	the	person,	designated	by	the	Company	for	the	receipt	thereof.22.
Conditions	Upon	Issuance	of	Shares
.		Shares	of	Common	Stock	will	not	be	issued	with	respect	to	an	option	unless	the	exercise	of	such	option	and	the	issuance	and	delivery	of	such	shares	pursuant	thereto	will	comply	with
all	applicable	provisions	of	law,	domestic	or	foreign,	including,	without	limitation,	the	Securities	Act	of	1933,	as	amended,	the	Exchange	Act,	the	rules	and	regulations	promulgated	thereunder,	and	the	requirements	of	any	stock	exchange	upon
which	the	shares	may	then	be	listed,	and	will	be	further	subject	to	the	approval	of	counsel	for	the	Company	with	respect	to	such	compliance.
As	a	condition	to	the	exercise	of	an	option,	the	Company	may	require	the	person	exercising	such	option	to	represent	and	warrant	at	the	time	of	any	such	exercise	that	the	shares	are	being	purchased	only	for	investment	and	without
any	present	intention	to	sell	or	distribute	such	shares	if,	in	the	opinion	of	counsel	for	the	Company,	such	a	representation	is	required	by	any	of	the	aforementioned	applicable	provisions	of	law.
23.
Term	of	Plan
.		The	Plan	will	become	effective	upon	the	earlier	to	occur	of	its	adoption	by	the	Board	or	its	approval	by	the	stockholders	of	the	Company.		It	will	continue	in	effect	for	a	term	of	ten	(10)	years,	unless	sooner
terminated	under	Section	20.
24.
Stockholder	Approval
.		The	Plan	will	be	subject	to	approval	by	the	stockholders	of	the	Company	within	twelve	(12)	months	after	the	date	the	Plan	is	adopted	by	the	Board.		Such	stockholder	approval	will	be	obtained	in	the
manner	and	to	the	degree	required	under	Applicable	Laws.EXHIBIT	A
TESLA,	INC.
2010	EMPLOYEE	STOCK	PURCHASE	PLAN
SUBSCRIPTION	AGREEMENT
1.	I	hereby	elect	to	participate	in	the	Tesla,	Inc.	2010	Employee	Stock	Purchase	Plan	(the	“Plan”)	and	subscribe	to	purchase	shares	of	the	Company’s	Common	Stock	in	accordance	with	this	Subscription	Agreement	and	the
Plan.
2.	I	hereby	authorize	payroll	deductions	from	each	paycheck	following	my	entry	into	the	Plan,	and	have	designated	my	rate	of	payroll	deduction	at	________________(from	1	to	15%	of	my	Compensation),	on	each	payday	during
the	Offering	Period	in	accordance	with	the	Plan.	(Please	note	that	no	fractional	percentages	are	permitted,)	I	understand	that	such	payroll	deductions	will	be	accumulated	for	the	purchase	of	shares	of	Common	Stock	at	the	applicable	Purchase
Price	determined	in	accordance	with	the	Plan.	I	understand	that	if	I	do	not	withdraw	from	an	Offering	Period,	any	accumulated	payroll	deductions	will	be	used	to	automatically	exercise	my	option	and	purchase	Common	Stock	under	the	Plan.
3.	I	have	received	and	read	a	copy	of	the	Plan	document	and	the	prospectus	that	describes	the	Plan.	I	understand	that	my	participation	in	the	Plan	is	in	all	respects	subject	to	the	terms	of	the	Plan.
4.	
For	U.S.	Taxpayers:	
I	understand	that	if	I	dispose	of	any	shares	received	by	me	pursuant	to	the	Plan	within	two	(2)	years	after	the	Offering	Date	(the	first	day	of	the	Offering	Period	during	which	I	purchased	such	shares)
or	one	(1)	year	after	the	Exercise	Date,	I	will	be	treated	for	federal	income	tax	purposes	as	having	received	ordinary	income	at	the	time	of	such	disposition	in	an	amount	equal	to	the	excess	of	the	fair	market	value	of	the	shares	at	the	time	such
shares	were	purchased	by	me	over	the	price	which	I	paid	for	the	shares.	
I	hereby	agree	to	notify	the	Company	in	writing	within	thirty	(30)	days		after	the	date	of	any	disposition	of	my		shares	and	I	will	make	adequate	provision	for	federal,	state
or	other	tax	withholding	obligations,	if	any,	which	arise	upon	the	disposition	of	the	Common	Stock
.	The	Company	may,	but	will	not	be	obligated	to,	withhold	from	my	compensation	the	amount	necessary	to	meet	any	applicable	withholding
obligation	including	any	withholding	necessary	to	make	available	to	the	Company	any	tax	deductions	or	benefits	attributable	to	sale	or	early	disposition	of	Common	Stock	by	me.	If	I	dispose	of	such	shares	at	any	time	after	the	expiration	of	the
two	(2)-year	and	one	(1)-year	holding	periods,	I	understand	that	I	will	be	treated	for	federal	income	tax	purposes	as	having	received	income	only	at	the	time	of	such	disposition,	and	that	such	income	will	be	taxed	as	ordinary	income	only	to	the
extent	of	an	
amount	
equal	to	the	lesser	of	(a)	the	excess	of	the	fair	market	value	of	the	shares	at	the	time	of	such	disposition	over	the	purchase	price	which	I	paid	for	the	shares,	or	(b)	fifteen	percent	(15%)	of	the	fair	market	value	of	the	shares	on
the	first	trading	day	of	the	Offering	Period.				The	remainder	of	the	gain,	if	any,	recognized	on	such	disposition	will	be	taxed	as	capital
	
gain.
5.	I	hereby	agree	to	be	bound	by	the	terms	of	the	Plan,	including	(but	not	limited	to)	the	power	of	the	Administrator	of	the	Plan	to	interpret	the	Plan,	to	make	all	determinations	under	the	Plan	and	to	amend	or	terminate	the
Plan	at	any	time.	The	effectiveness	of	this	Subscription	Agreement	is	dependent	upon	my	eligibility	to	participate	in	the	Plan.
	
	
	
________________________________________
Name
________________________________________
Employee	ID	Number	(Required	(6	digits))
________________________________________
Social	Security	Number
________________________________________
Date
	
	EXHIBIT	B
TESLA,	INC.
2010	EMPLOYEE	STOCK	PURCHASE	PLAN
NOTICE	OF	WITHDRAWAL
The	undersigned	Participant	in	the	Offering	Period	of	the	Tesla,	Inc.	2010	Employee	Stock	Purchase	Plan	that	began	on	____________,	______	(the	“
Offering	Date
”)	hereby	notifies	the	Company	that	he	or	she	hereby	withdraws	from	the
Offering	Period.		He	or	she	hereby	directs	the	Company	to	pay	to	the	undersigned	as	promptly	as	practicable	all	the	payroll	deductions	credited	to	his	or	her	account	with	respect	to	such	Offering	Period.		The	undersigned	understands	and	agrees
that	his	or	her	option	for	such	Offering	Period	will	be	automatically	terminated.		The	undersigned	understands	further	that	no	further	payroll	deductions	will	be	made	for	the	purchase	of	shares	in	the	current	Offering	Period	and	the	undersigned
will	be	eligible	to	participate	in	succeeding	Offering	Periods	only	by	delivering	to	the	Company	a	new	Subscription	Agreement.
	
Name	and	Address	of	Participant:
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Signature:
	
	
Date:
	
	
Exhibit	12.1
Ratio	of	Earnings	to	Fixed	Charges
The	ratio	of	earnings	to	fixed	charges	for	each	of	the	periods	indicated	is	as	follows.
	
	
Year	Ended	December	31,
	
	
	
2016
	
	
2015
	
	
2014
	
	
2013
	
	
2012
	
Ratio	of	earnings	to	fixed	charges	(1)
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
(1)	For	the	purpose	of	calculating	such	ratios,	“earnings”	consist	of	income	from	continuing	operations	before	income	taxes	plus	fixed	charges	and	“fixed	charges”	consist	of	interest	expense	(net	of	capitalized	portion),	capitalized	interest,
amortization	of	debt	discount	and	the	portion	of	rental	expense	representative	of	interest	expense.	Earnings	were	inadequate	to	cover	the	fixed	charges	by	$783.3	million,	$912.8	million,	$295.4	million,	$73.5	million,	and	$403.3	million,	for	the
years	ended	December	31,	2016,	2015,	2014,	2013,	and	2012,	respectively.
Exhibit	21.1
SUBSIDIARIES	OF	TESLA,	INC.
	
Name	of	Subsidiary
	
Jurisdiction	of
Incorporation	or	Organization
Afton	Solar,	LLC
	
Delaware
Allegheny	Solar	1,	LLC
	
Delaware
Allegheny	Solar	Manager	1,	LLC
	
Delaware
Ancon	Holdings	II,	LLC
	
Delaware
Ancon	Holdings,	LLC
	
Delaware
Ancon	Solar	Corporation
	
Delaware
Ancon	Solar	I,	LLC
	
Delaware
Ancon	Solar	II	Lessee	Manager,	LLC
	
Delaware
Ancon	Solar	II	Lessee,	LLC
	
Delaware
Ancon	Solar	II	Lessor,	LLC
	
Delaware
Ancon	Solar	Managing	Member	I,	LLC
	
Delaware
Andrews	County	Solar,	LLC
	
Delaware
Arpad	Solar	Borrower,	LLC
	
Delaware
Arpad	Solar	I,	LLC
	
Delaware
Arpad	Solar	Manager	I,	LLC
	
Delaware
AU	Solar	1,	LLC
	
Delaware
AU	Solar	2,	LLC
	
Delaware
Banyan	SolarCity	Manager	2010,	LLC
	
Delaware
Banyan	SolarCity	Owner	2010,	LLC
	
Delaware
Basking	Solar	I,	LLC
	
Delaware
Beatrix	Solar	I,	LLC
	
Delaware
Bernese	Solar	Manager	I,	LLC
	
Delaware
Blue	Skies	Solar	I,	LLC
	
Delaware
Blue	Skies	Solar	II,	LLC
	
Delaware
Building	Solutions	Acquisition	Corporation
	
Delaware
Caballero	Solar	Managing	Member	I,	LLC
	
Delaware
Caballero	Solar	Managing	Member	II,	LLC
	
Delaware
Cardinal	Blue	Solar,	LLC
	
Delaware
Castello	Solar	I,	LLC
	
Delaware
Castello	Solar	II,	LLC
	
Delaware
Castello	Solar	III,	LLC
	
Delaware
Chaparral	SREC	Borrower,	LLC
	
Delaware
Chaparral	SREC	Holdings,	LLC
	
Delaware
Chompie	Solar	I,	LLC
	
Delaware
Chompie	Solar	Manager	I,	LLC
	
Delaware
City	UB	Solar,	LLC
	
Delaware
Clydesdale	SC	Solar	I,	LLC
	
Delaware
Common	Assets	Capital,	LLC
	
Delaware
Common	Assets	Financial,	LLC
	
Delaware
	Common	Assets	Securities,	LLC
	
Delaware
Common	Assets	Technologies,	LLC
	
Delaware
Common	Assets,	LLC
	
Delaware
Corcoran	Solar,	LLC
	
Delaware
Cottage	Grove	Solar,	LLC
	
Delaware
Dahlia	Holdings	I,	LLC
	
Delaware
Dahlia	Holdings	II,	LLC
	
Delaware
Dom	Solar	General	Partner	I,	LLC
	
Delaware
Dom	Solar	Lessor	I,	LP
	
Cayman
Dom	Solar	Limited	Partner	I,	LLC
	
Delaware
Domino	Solar	Ltd
	
Cayman
Eiger	Lease	Co,	LLC
	
Delaware
Energy	Freedom	Coalition	of	America,	LLC
	
Delaware
Ever	CT	Solar	Farm,	LLC
	
California
Falconer	Solar	Manager	I,	LLC
	
Delaware
Firehorn	Finance	Company,	LLC
	
Delaware
Firehorn	Solar	I,	LLC
	
Cayman
Firehorn	Solar	Manager	I,	LLC
	
Delaware
FocalPoint	Solar	Borrower,	LLC
	
Delaware
FocalPoint	Solar	I,	LLC
	
Delaware
FocalPoint	Solar	Manager	I,	LLC
	
Delaware
Fontane	Solar	I,	LLC
	
Delaware
FOTOVOLTAICA	GI	4,	S.	de	R.L.	de	C.V.
	
Mexico
FOTOVOLTAICA	GI	5,	S.	de	R.L.	de	C.V.
	
Mexico
FTE	Solar	I,	LLC
	
Delaware
Grohmann	USA	Inc.
	
Arizona
Grohmann	Automation	Ltd
	
Canada
Grohmann	Engineering	GmbH
	
Germany
Grohmann	Engineering	Trading	(Shanghai)	Co.	Ltd.
	
China
Hammer	Solar,	LLC
	
Delaware
Hammerhead	Solar,	LLC
	
Delaware
Harpoon	Solar	I,	LLC
	
Delaware
Harpoon	Solar	Manager	I,	LLC
	
Delaware
Haymarket	Holdings,	LLC
	
Delaware
Haymarket	Manager	1,	LLC
	
Delaware
Haymarket	Solar	1,	LLC
	
Delaware
Ikehu	Manager	I,	LLC
	
Delaware
IL	Buono	Solar	I,	LLC
	
Delaware
ILIOSSON,	S.A.	de	C.V.
	
Mexico
Juniper	Solar,	LLC
	
Delaware
Klamath	Falls	Solar	1,	LLC
	
Delaware
Klamath	Falls	Solar	2,	LLC
	
Delaware
Klamath	Falls	Solar	3,	LLC
	
Delaware
Knight	Solar	Managing	Member	I,	LLC
	
Delaware
Knight	Solar	Managing	Member	II,	LLC
	
DelawareKnight	Solar	Managing	Member	III,	LLC
	
Delaware
Landlord	2008-A,	LLC
	
Delaware
Louis	Solar	II,	LLC
	
Delaware
Louis	Solar	III,	LLC
	
Delaware
Louis	Solar	Manager	II,	LLC
	
Delaware
Louis	Solar	Manager	III,	LLC
	
Delaware
Louis	Solar	Master	Tenant	I,	LLC
	
Delaware
Louis	Solar	MT	Manager	I,	LLC
	
Delaware
Louis	Solar	Owner	I,	LLC
	
Delaware
Louis	Solar	Owner	Manager	I,	LLC
	
Delaware
Mako	GB	SPV	Holdings,	LLC
	
Delaware
Mako	GB	SPV,	LLC
	
Delaware
Mako	Solar	Holdings,	LLC
	
Delaware
Mako	Solar,	LLC
	
Delaware
Master	Tenant	2008-A,	LLC
	
Delaware
Matterhorn	Solar	I,	LLC
	
Delaware
Megalodon	Solar,	LLC
	
Delaware
Monte	Rosa	Solar	I,	LLC
	
Delaware
Monticello	Solar,	LLC
	
Delaware
Mound	Solar	Manager	V,	LLC
	
Delaware
Mound	Solar	Manager	VI,	LLC
	
Delaware
Mound	Solar	Manager	X,	LLC
	
Delaware
Mound	Solar	Manager	XI,	LLC
	
Delaware
Mound	Solar	Manager	XII,	LLC
	
Delaware
Mound	Solar	Master	Tenant	IX,	LLC
	
Delaware
Mound	Solar	Master	Tenant	V,	LLC
	
California
Mound	Solar	Master	Tenant	VI,	LLC
	
Delaware
Mound	Solar	Master	Tenant	VII,	LLC
	
Delaware
Mound	Solar	Master	Tenant	VIII,	LLC
	
Delaware
Mound	Solar	MT	Manager	IX,	LLC
	
Delaware
Mound	Solar	MT	Manager	VII,	LLC
	
Delaware
Mound	Solar	MT	Manager	VIII,	LLC
	
Delaware
Mound	Solar	Owner	IX,	LLC
	
Delaware
Mound	Solar	Owner	Manager	IX,	LLC
	
Delaware
Mound	Solar	Owner	Manager	VII,	LLC
	
Delaware
Mound	Solar	Owner	Manager	VIII,	LLC
	
Delaware
Mound	Solar	Owner	V,	LLC
	
California
Mound	Solar	Owner	VI,	LLC
	
Delaware
Mound	Solar	Owner	VII,	LLC
	
Delaware
Mound	Solar	Owner	VIII,	LLC
	
Delaware
Mound	Solar	Partnership	X,	LLC
	
Delaware
Mound	Solar	Partnership	XI,	LLC
	
Delaware
Mound	Solar	Partnership	XII,	LLC
	
Delaware
MS	SolarCity	2008,	LLC
	
Delaware
MS	SolarCity	Commercial	2008,	LLC
	
DelawareMS	SolarCity	ResiDelawarential	2008,	LLC
	
Delaware
MT	Solar	Corporation
	
Delaware
NBA	SolarCity	AFB,	LLC
	
California
NBA	SolarCity	Commercial	I,	LLC
	
California
NBA	SolarCity	Solar	Phoenix,	LLC
	
California
Northern	Nevada	Research	Co.,	LLC
	
Nevada
Pacific	Solar	Storage	1	(Guam)	LLC
	
Guam
Paramount	Energy	Fund	I	Lessee,	LLC
	
Delaware
Paramount	Energy	Fund	I	Lessor,	LLC
	
Delaware
PEF	I	MM,	LLC
	
Delaware
Poppy	Acquisition	LLC
	
Delaware
Presidio	Solar	I,	LLC
	
Delaware
Presidio	Solar	II,	LLC
	
Delaware
Pukana	La	Solar	I,	LLC
	
Delaware
Roadster	Automobile	Sales	and	Service	(Beijing)	Co.,	Ltd.
	
China
Roadster	Finland	Oy
	
Finland
Scandia	Trail	Solar,	LLC
	
Delaware
Sequoia	Pacific	Holdings,	LLC
	
Delaware
Sequoia	Pacific	Manager	I,	LLC
	
Delaware
Sequoia	Pacific	Solar	I,	LLC
	
Delaware
Sequoia	SolarCity	Owner	I,	LLC
	
Delaware
SERVICIOS	DE	TECNOLOGÍA	Y	ADMINISTRACIÓN	ILIOSS,	S.A.	de	C.V.
	
Mexico
Sierra	Solar	Power	(Hong	Kong)	Limited
	
Hong	Kong
Silevo	China	Co.	Ltd
	
China
Silevo	Germany	GmbH
	
Germany
Silevo,	LLC
	
Delaware
Silver	Springs	Solar,	LLC
	
Delaware
Solar	Aquarium	Holdings,	LLC
	
Delaware
Solar	Energy	of	America	1,	LLC
	
Delaware
Solar	Energy	of	America	Holdco,	LLC
	
Delaware
Solar	Energy	of	America	Manager	1,	LLC
	
Delaware
Solar	Explorer,	LLC
	
Delaware
Solar	Grove	Holdings,	LLC
	
Delaware
Solar	House	I,	LLC
	
Delaware
Solar	House	II,	LLC
	
Delaware
Solar	House	III,	LLC
	
Delaware
Solar	House	IV,	LLC
	
Delaware
Solar	Integrated	Fund	I,	LLC
	
Delaware
Solar	Integrated	Fund	II,	LLC
	
Delaware
Solar	Integrated	Fund	III,	LLC
	
Delaware
Solar	Integrated	Fund	IV-A,	LLC
	
Delaware
Solar	Integrated	Manager	I,	LLC
	
Delaware
Solar	Integrated	Manager	II,	LLC
	
Delaware
Solar	Integrated	Manager	III,	LLC
	
Delaware
Solar	Integrated	Manager	IV-A,	LLC
	
DelawareSolar	Odyssey	Holdings,	LLC
	
Delaware
Solar	Services	Company,	LLC
	
Delaware
Solar	Ulysses	Manager	I,	LLC
	
Delaware
Solar	Ulysses	Manager	II,	LLC
	
Delaware
Solar	Voyager,	LLC
	
Delaware
Solar	Warehouse	Manager	I,	LLC
	
Delaware
Solar	Warehouse	Manager	II,	LLC
	
Delaware
SolarCity	Corporation
	
Delaware
Solar	Warehouse	Manager	III,	LLC
	
Delaware
Solar	Warehouse	Manager	IV,	LLC
	
Delaware
SolarCity	Alpine	Holdings,	LLC
	
Delaware
SolarCity	Amphitheatre	Holdings,	LLC
	
Delaware
SolarCity	Arbor	Holdings,	LLC
	
Delaware
SolarCity	Arches	Holdings,	LLC
	
Delaware
SolarCity	AU	Holdings,	LLC
	
Delaware
SolarCity	Corporation
	
Delaware
SolarCity	Electrical	New	York	Corporation
	
Delaware
SolarCity	Electrical,	LLC
	
Delaware
SolarCity	Engineering,	Inc.
	
California
SolarCity	Finance	Company,	LLC
	
Delaware
SolarCity	Finance	Holdings,	LLC
	
Delaware
SolarCity	Foxborough	Holdings,	LLC
	
Delaware
SolarCity	FTE	Series	1,	LLC
	
Delaware
SolarCity	FTE	Series	2,	LLC
	
Delaware
SolarCity	Fund	Holdings,	LLC
	
Delaware
SolarCity	Giants	Holdings,	LLC
	
Delaware
SolarCity	Grand	Canyon	Holdings,	LLC
	
Delaware
SolarCity	Holdings	2008,	LLC
	
Delaware
SolarCity	International,	Inc.
	
Delaware
SolarCity	Investments	Canada	Ltd.
	
Canada
SolarCity	Leviathan	Holdings,	LLC
	
Delaware
SolarCity	LMC	Series	I,	LLC
	
Delaware
SolarCity	LMC	Series	II,	LLC
	
Delaware
SolarCity	LMC	Series	III,	LLC
	
Delaware
SolarCity	LMC	Series	IV,	LLC
	
Delaware
SolarCity	LMC	Series	V,	LLC
	
Delaware
SolarCity	Mid-Atlantic	Holdings,	LLC
	
Delaware
SolarCity	Nitro	Holdings,	LLC
	
Delaware
SolarCity	Orange	Holdings,	LLC
	
Delaware
SolarCity	Pierpont	Holdings,	LLC
	
Delaware
SolarCity	Series	Holdings	I,	LLC
	
Delaware
SolarCity	Series	Holdings	II,	LLC
	
Delaware
SolarCity	Series	Holdings	IV,	LLC
	
Delaware
SolarCity	Steep	Holdings,	LLC
	
Delaware
SolarCity	Ulu	Holdings,	LLC
	
DelawareSolarCity	Village	Holdings,	LLC
	
Delaware
SolarRock,	LLC
	
Delaware
SolarStrong	Holdings,	LLC
	
Delaware
SolarStrong,	LLC
	
Delaware
SOLIN	AG
	
Germany
Sparrowhawk	Solar	I,	LLC
	
Delaware
SREC	Holdings,	LLC
	
Delaware
Sunshine	Storage	I,	LLC
	
Delaware
Sunshine	Storage	II,	LLC
	
Delaware
Sunshine	Storage	III,	LLC
	
Delaware
Symax	Systemtechnik	Sondermaschinenbau	GmbH
	
Germany
Tesla	2014	Warehouse	SPV	LLC
	
Delaware
Tesla	Automobile	Distribution	(Beijing)	Co.,	Ltd.
	
China
Tesla	Automobile	Sales	and	Service	(Beijing)	Co.,	Ltd.
	
China
Tesla	Automobile	Sales	and	Service	(Chengdu)	Co.,	Ltd.
	
China
Tesla	Automobile	Sales	and	Service	(Guangzhou)	Co.,	Ltd.
	
China
Tesla	Automobile	Sales	and	Service	(Hangzhou)	Co.,	Ltd.
	
China
Tesla	Automobile	Sales	and	Service	(Nanjing)	Co.,	Ltd.
	
China
Tesla	Automobile	Sales	and	Service	(Shanghai)	Co.,	Ltd.
	
China
Tesla	Automobile	Sales	and	Service	(Shenzhen)	Co.,	Ltd.
	
China
Tesla	Automobile	Sales	and	Service	(Tianjin)	Co.,	Ltd.
	
China
Tesla	Automobile	Sales	and	Service	(Wuhan)	Co.,	Ltd.
	
China
Tesla	Automobile	Sales	and	Service	(Xi’an)	Co.,	Ltd.
	
China
Tesla	Automobiles	Mexico,	S.	de	R.L.	de	C.V.
	
Mexico
Tesla	Automobiles	Sales	and	Service	Mexico,	S.	de	R.L.	de	C.V.
	
Mexico
Tesla	Canada	GP	Inc.
	
Canada
Tesla	Canada	LP
	
Canada
Tesla	Energia	Macau	Limitada
	
Macau
Tesla	Finance	LLC
	
Delaware
Tesla	Financial	Services	GmbH
	
Germany
Tesla	Financial	Services	Holdings	B.V.
	
Netherlands
Tesla	Financial	Services	Limited
	
UK
Tesla	International	B.V.
	
Netherlands
Tesla	Korea	Limited
	
South	Korea
Tesla	Lease	Trust
	
Delaware
Tesla	LLC
	
Delaware
Tesla	Motors	Australia,	Pty	Ltd
	
Australia
Tesla	Motors	Austria	GmbH
	
Austria
Tesla	Motors	Belgium	SPRL
	
Belgium
Tesla	Motors	Canada	ULC
	
Canada
Tesla	Motors	Coöperatief	U.A.
	
Netherlands
Tesla	Motors	Denmark	ApS
	
Denmark
Tesla	Motors	Exports	LLC
	
Delaware
Tesla	Motors	FL,	Inc.
	
Florida
Tesla	Motors	France	S.à	r.l.
	
FranceTesla	Motors	GmbH
	
Germany
Tesla	Motors	HK	Limited
	
Hong	Kong
Tesla	Motors	Italy	S.r.l.
	
Italy
Tesla	Motors	Japan	GK
	
Japan
Tesla	Motors	Leasing,	Inc.
	
Delaware
Tesla	Motors	Limited
	
UK
Tesla	Motors	Luxembourg	S.à	r.l.
	
Luxembourg
Tesla	Motors	MA,	Inc.
	
Massachusetts
Tesla	Motors	Netherlands	B.V.
	
Netherlands
Tesla	Motors	Netherlands	Incorporated	in	(The	Netherlands)	External	Profit	Company
	
Netherlands
Tesla	Motors	Netherlands	BV	(Dubai	Branch)	1
	
Netherlands
Tesla	Motors	New	York	LLC
	
New	York
Tesla	Motors	NL	LLC
	
Delaware
Tesla	Motors	Norway	AS
	
Norway
Tesla	Motors	NV,	Inc.
	
Nevada
Tesla	Motors	PA,	Inc.
	
Pennsylvania
Tesla	Motors	SARL
	
Monaco
Tesla	Motors	Singapore	Holdings	Pte.	Ltd.
	
Singapore
Tesla	Motors	Singapore	Private	Limited
	
Singapore
Tesla	Motors	Stichting
	
Netherlands
Tesla	Motors	Switzerland	GmbH
	
Switzerland
Tesla	Motors	Taiwan	Limited
	
Taiwan
Tesla	Motors	TN,	Inc.
	
Tennessee
Tesla	Motors	TX,	Inc.
	
Texas
Tesla	Motors	UT,	Inc.
	
Utah
Tesla	New	Zealand	ULC
	
New	Zealand
Tesla	Portugal,	Sociedade	Unipessoal	LDA
	
Portugal
The	Big	Green	Solar	Holdings,	LLC
	
Delaware
The	Big	Green	Solar	I,	LLC
	
Delaware
The	Big	Green	Solar	Manager	I,	LLC
	
Delaware
Tesla	Sales,	Inc.
	
Delaware
Tesla	Spain,	S.L.
	
Spain
Three	Rivers	Solar	1,	LLC
	
Delaware
Three	Rivers	Solar	2,	LLC
	
Delaware
Three	Rivers	Solar	3,	LLC
	
Delaware
Three	Rivers	Solar	Holding	Company,	LLC
	
Delaware
Three	Rivers	Solar	Manager	1,	LLC
	
Delaware
Three	Rivers	Solar	Manager	2,	LLC
	
Delaware
Three	Rivers	Solar	Manager	3,	LLC
	
Delaware
Tiller	Solar,	LLC
	
Delaware
TM	International	C.V.
	
Netherlands
TM	Sweden	AB
	
Sweden
USB	SolarCity	Manager	2009,	LLC
	
Delaware
USB	SolarCity	Manager	2009-2010,	LLC
	
Delaware
USB	SolarCity	Manager	III,	LLC
	
DelawareUSB	SolarCity	Manager	IV,	LLC
	
Delaware
USB	SolarCity	Master	Tenant	2009,	LLC
	
California
USB	SolarCity	Master	Tenant	2009-2010,	LLC
	
California
USB	SolarCity	Master	Tenant	IV,	LLC
	
California
USB	SolarCity	Owner	2009,	LLC
	
California
USB	SolarCity	Owner	2009-2010,	LLC
	
California
USB	SolarCity	Owner	IV,	LLC
	
California
Viceroy	Solar	Holdings,	LLC
	
Delaware
Visigoth	Solar	1,	LLC
	
Delaware
Visigoth	Solar	Holdings,	LLC
	
Delaware
Visigoth	Solar	Managing	Member	1,	LLC
	
Delaware
Zep	Solar	Australia	Pty	Limited
	
Australia
Zep	Solar	Hong	Kong	Limited
	
Hong	Kong
Zep	Solar	LLC
	
California
Zep	Solar	Trading	Ltd
	
China
Zep	Solar	UK	Limited
	
UK
	
	
	
Exhibit	23.1
CONSENT	OF	INDEPENDENT	REGISTERED	PUBLIC	ACCOUNTING	FIRM
We	hereby	consent	to	the	incorporation	by	reference	in	the	Registration	Statements	on	Form	S-3	(No.	333-211437)	and	S-8	(Nos.	333-209696,	333-198002,	333-187113,	333-183033,	and	333-167874)	of	Tesla,	Inc.	of	our	report	dated	March	1,
2017	relating	to	the	financial	statements	and	the	effectiveness	of	internal	control	over	financial	reporting,	which	appears	in	this	Form	10-K.
/s/	PricewaterhouseCoopers	LLP
	
San	Jose,	California
March	1,	2017
	
Exhibit	23.2
	
Consent	of	Independent	Registered	Public	Accounting	Firm
We	consent	to	the	incorporation	by	reference	in	this	Form	10-K	of	Tesla,	Inc.	(the	Company)	and	in	the	following	Registration	Statements:
	
•
Form	S-3	(No.	333-211437)	of	the	Company;	and
	
•
Forms	S-8	(Nos.	333-167874,	333-183033,	333-187113,	333-198002	and	333-209696)	pertaining	to	the	Tesla,	Inc.	2010	Equity	Incentive	Plan,	the	Tesla,	Inc.	2010	Employee	Stock	Purchase	Plan	and/or	the	Tesla	Motors,	Inc.
2003	Equity	Incentive	Plan	of	the	Company
of	our	report	dated	March	1,	2017,	with	respect	to	the	consolidated	financial	statements	of	SolarCity	Corporation	incorporated	by	reference	in	this	Annual	Report	(Form	10-K)	for	the	year	ended	December	31,	2016.
	
/s/	Ernst	&	Young	LLP
Los	Angeles,	California
March	1,	2017
	
	
Exhibit	31.1
CERTIFICATIONS
I,	Elon	Musk,	certify	that:
1.
I	have	reviewed	this	Annual	Report	on	Form	10-K	of	Tesla,	Inc.;
2.
Based	on	my	knowledge,	this	report	does	not	contain	any	untrue	statement	of	a	material	fact	or	omit	to	state	a	material	fact	necessary	to	make	the	statements	made,	in	light	of	the	circumstances	under	which	such	statements	were
made,	not	misleading	with	respect	to	the	period	covered	by	this	report;
3.
Based	on	my	knowledge,	the	financial	statements,	and	other	financial	information	included	in	this	report,	fairly	present	in	all	material	respects	the	financial	condition,	results	of	operations	and	cash	flows	of	the	registrant	as	of,	and	for,
the	periods	presented	in	this	report;
4.
The	registrant’s	other	certifying	officer	and	I	are	responsible	for	establishing	and	maintaining	disclosure	controls	and	procedures	(as	defined	in	Exchange	Act	Rules	13a-15(e)	and	15d-15(e))	and	internal	control	over	financial	reporting
(as	defined	in	Exchange	Act	Rules	13a-15(f)	and	15d-15(f))	for	the	registrant	and	have:
	
(a)
Designed	such	disclosure	controls	and	procedures,	or	caused	such	disclosure	controls	and	procedures	to	be	designed	under	our	supervision,	to	ensure	that	material	information	relating	to	the	registrant,	including	its
consolidated	subsidiaries,	is	made	known	to	us	by	others	within	those	entities,	particularly	during	the	period	in	which	this	report	is	being	prepared;
	
(b)
Designed	such	internal	control	over	financial	reporting,	or	caused	such	internal	control	over	financial	reporting	to	be	designed	under	our	supervision,	to	provide	reasonable	assurance	regarding	the	reliability	of	financial
reporting	and	the	preparation	of	financial	statements	for	external	purposes	in	accordance	with	generally	accepted	accounting	principles;
	
(c)
Evaluated	the	effectiveness	of	the	registrant’s	disclosure	controls	and	procedures	and	presented	in	this	report	our	conclusions	about	the	effectiveness	of	the	disclosure	controls	and	procedures,	as	of	the	end	of	the	period
covered	by	this	report	based	on	such	evaluation;	and
	
(d)
Disclosed	in	this	report	any	change	in	the	registrant’s	internal	control	over	financial	reporting	that	occurred	during	the	registrant’s	most	recent	fiscal	quarter	(the	registrant’s	fourth	fiscal	quarter	in	the	case	of	an	annual
report)	that	has	materially	affected,	or	is	reasonably	likely	to	materially	affect,	the	registrant’s	internal	control	over	financial	reporting;	and
5.
The	registrant’s	other	certifying	officer	and	I	have	disclosed,	based	on	our	most	recent	evaluation	of	internal	control	over	financial	reporting,	to	the	registrant’s	auditors	and	the	audit	committee	of	the	registrant’s	Board	of	Directors
(or	persons	performing	the	equivalent	functions):
	
(a)
All	significant	deficiencies	and	material	weaknesses	in	the	design	or	operation	of	internal	control	over	financial	reporting	which	are	reasonably	likely	to	adversely	affect	the	registrant’s	ability	to	record,	process,	summarize
and	report	financial	information;	and
	
(b)
Any	fraud,	whether	or	not	material,	that	involves	management	or	other	employees	who	have	a	significant	role	in	the	registrant’s	internal	control	over	financial	reporting.
	
Date:	March	1,	2017
	
	
/s/	Elon	Musk
	
	
	
Elon	Musk
	
	
	
Chief	Executive	Officer
	
	
	
(Principal	Executive	Officer)
	
	
	
Exhibit	31.2
CERTIFICATIONS
I,	Jason	Wheeler,	certify	that:
1.
I	have	reviewed	this	Annual	Report	on	Form	10-K	of	Tesla,	Inc.;
2.
Based	on	my	knowledge,	this	report	does	not	contain	any	untrue	statement	of	a	material	fact	or	omit	to	state	a	material	fact	necessary	to	make	the	statements	made,	in	light	of	the	circumstances	under	which	such	statements	were
made,	not	misleading	with	respect	to	the	period	covered	by	this	report;
3.
Based	on	my	knowledge,	the	financial	statements,	and	other	financial	information	included	in	this	report,	fairly	present	in	all	material	respects	the	financial	condition,	results	of	operations	and	cash	flows	of	the	registrant	as	of,	and	for,
the	periods	presented	in	this	report;
4.
The	registrant’s	other	certifying	officer	and	I	are	responsible	for	establishing	and	maintaining	disclosure	controls	and	procedures	(as	defined	in	Exchange	Act	Rules	13a-15(e)	and	15d-15(e))	and	internal	control	over	financial	reporting
(as	defined	in	Exchange	Act	Rules	13a-15(f)	and	15d-15(f))	for	the	registrant	and	have:
	
(a)
Designed	such	disclosure	controls	and	procedures,	or	caused	such	disclosure	controls	and	procedures	to	be	designed	under	our	supervision,	to	ensure	that	material	information	relating	to	the	registrant,	including	its
consolidated	subsidiaries,	is	made	known	to	us	by	others	within	those	entities,	particularly	during	the	period	in	which	this	report	is	being	prepared;
	
(b)
Designed	such	internal	control	over	financial	reporting,	or	caused	such	internal	control	over	financial	reporting	to	be	designed	under	our	supervision,	to	provide	reasonable	assurance	regarding	the	reliability	of	financial
reporting	and	the	preparation	of	financial	statements	for	external	purposes	in	accordance	with	generally	accepted	accounting	principles;
	
(c)
Evaluated	the	effectiveness	of	the	registrant’s	disclosure	controls	and	procedures	and	presented	in	this	report	our	conclusions	about	the	effectiveness	of	the	disclosure	controls	and	procedures,	as	of	the	end	of	the	period
covered	by	this	report	based	on	such	evaluation;	and
	
(d)
Disclosed	in	this	report	any	change	in	the	registrant’s	internal	control	over	financial	reporting	that	occurred	during	the	registrant’s	most	recent	fiscal	quarter	(the	registrant’s	fourth	fiscal	quarter	in	the	case	of	an	annual
report)	that	has	materially	affected,	or	is	reasonably	likely	to	materially	affect,	the	registrant’s	internal	control	over	financial	reporting;	and
5.
The	registrant’s	other	certifying	officer	and	I	have	disclosed,	based	on	our	most	recent	evaluation	of	internal	control	over	financial	reporting,	to	the	registrant’s	auditors	and	the	audit	committee	of	the	registrant’s	Board	of	Directors
(or	persons	performing	the	equivalent	functions):
	
(a)
All	significant	deficiencies	and	material	weaknesses	in	the	design	or	operation	of	internal	control	over	financial	reporting	which	are	reasonably	likely	to	adversely	affect	the	registrant’s	ability	to	record,	process,	summarize
and	report	financial	information;	and
	
(b)
Any	fraud,	whether	or	not	material,	that	involves	management	or	other	employees	who	have	a	significant	role	in	the	registrant’s	internal	control	over	financial	reporting.
	
Date:	March	1,	2017
	
	
/s/	Jason	Wheeler
	
	
	
Jason	Wheeler
	
	
	
Chief	Financial	Officer
	
	
	
(Principal	Financial	Officer)
		
Exhibit	32.1
SECTION	1350	CERTIFICATIONS
I,	Elon	Musk,	certify,	pursuant	to	18	U.S.C.	Section	1350,	that,	to	my	knowledge,	the	Annual	Report	of	Tesla,	Inc.	on	Form	10-K	for	the	annual	period	ended	December	31,	2016,	(i)	fully	complies	with	the	requirements	of	Section	13(a)	or	15(d)	of
the	Securities	Exchange	Act	of	1934	and	(ii)	that	the	information	contained	in	such	Form	10-K	fairly	presents,	in	all	material	respects,	the	financial	condition	and	results	of	operations	of	Tesla,	Inc.
	
Date:	March	1,	2017
	
	
/s/	Elon	Musk	
	
	
	
Elon	Musk
	
	
	
Chief	Executive	Officer
	
	
	
(Principal	Executive	Officer)
I,	Jason	Wheeler,	certify,	pursuant	to	18	U.S.C.	Section	1350,	that,	to	my	knowledge,	the	Annual	Report	of	Tesla,	Inc.	on	Form	10-K	for	the	annual	period	ended	December	31,	2016,	(i)	fully	complies	with	the	requirements	of	Section	13(a)	or	15(d)
of	the	Securities	Exchange	Act	of	1934	and	(ii)	that	the	information	contained	in	such	Form	10-K	fairly	presents,	in	all	material	respects,	the	financial	condition	and	results	of	operations	of	Tesla,	Inc.
	
Date:	March	1,	2017
	
	
/s/	Jason	Wheeler
	
	
	
Jason	Wheeler
	
	
	
Chief	Financial	Officer
	
	
	
(Principal	Financial	Officer)
	
	
	
EX-99.1	
16	
tsla-ex991_2714.htm	
EX-99.1
	
Exhibit	99.1
	
Report	of	Independent	Registered	Public	Accounting	Firm
The	Board	of	Directors	and	Stockholder	of
SolarCity	Corporation
We	have	audited	the	accompanying	consolidated	balance	sheets	of	SolarCity	Corporation	(the	Company)	as	of	December	31,	2016	and	2015,	and	the	related	consolidated	statements	of	operations,	equity,	and	cash	flows	for	each	of	the
three	years	in	the	period	ended	December	31,	2016.	These	financial	statements	are	the	responsibility	of	the	Company’s	management.	Our	responsibility	is	to	express	an	opinion	on	these	financial	statements	based	on	our	audits.
We	conducted	our	audits	in	accordance	with	the	standards	of	the	Public	Company	Accounting	Oversight	Board	(United	States).	Those	standards	require	that	we	plan	and	perform	the	audit	to	obtain	reasonable	assurance	about
whether	the	financial	statements	are	free	of	material	misstatement.	We	were	not	engaged	to	perform	an	audit	of	the	Company’s	internal	control	over	financial	reporting.	Our	audits	included	consideration	of	internal	control	over	financial
reporting	as	a	basis	for	designing	audit	procedures	that	are	appropriate	in	the	circumstances,	but	not	for	the	purpose	of	expressing	an	opinion	on	the	effectiveness	of	the	Company’s	internal	control	over	financial	reporting.	Accordingly,	we
express	no	such	opinion.	An	audit	includes	examining,	on	a	test	basis,	evidence	supporting	the	amounts	and	disclosures	in	the	financial	statements.	An	audit	also	includes	assessing	the	accounting	principles	used	and	significant	estimates	made
by	management,	as	well	as	evaluating	the	overall	financial	statement	presentation.	We	believe	that	our	audits	provide	a	reasonable	basis	for	our	opinion.
In	our	opinion,	the	financial	statements	referred	to	above	present	fairly,	in	all	material	respects,	the	consolidated	financial	position	of	SolarCity	Corporation	at	December	31,	2016	and	2015,	and	the	consolidated	results	of	its
operations	and	its	cash	flows	for	each	of	the	three	years	in	the	period	ended	December	31,	2016,	in	conformity	with	U.S.	generally	accepted	accounting	principles.
/s/	Ernst	&	Young	LLP
Los	Angeles,	California
March	1,	2017
	
	
		
SolarCity	Corporation
Consolidated	Balance	Sheets
(In	Thousands,	Except	Shares	and	Share	Par	Values)
	
	
	
December	31,
	
	
	
2016
	
	
2015
	
Assets
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Current	assets:
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Cash	and	cash	equivalents
	
$
290,710
	
	
$
382,544
	
Short-term	investments
	
	
—
	
	
	
11,311
	
Restricted	cash
	
	
74,717
	
	
	
39,864
	
Accounts	receivable	(net	of	allowances	for	doubtful	accounts	of	$14,829	and	$4,292
			as	of	December	31,	2016	and	December	31,	2015,	respectively)
	
	
66,949
	
	
	
33,998
	
Rebates	receivable	(net	of	reserves	of	$2,803	and	$2,207
			as	of	December	31,	2016	and	December	31,	2015,	respectively)
	
	
10,339
	
	
	
11,545
	
Inventories
	
	
172,713
	
	
	
342,951
	
Prepaid	expenses	and	other	current	assets
	
	
77,497
	
	
	
79,925
	
Total	current	assets
	
	
692,925
	
	
	
902,138
	
Solar	energy	systems,	leased	and	to	be	leased	–	net
	
	
5,828,755
	
	
	
4,375,553
	
Property,	plant	and	equipment	–	net
	
	
244,736
	
	
	
262,387
	
Build-to-suit	lease	asset	under	construction
	
	
807,593
	
	
	
284,500
	
Goodwill	and	intangible	assets	–	net
	
	
461,989
	
	
	
517,109
	
MyPower	customer	notes	receivable,	net	of	current	portion
	
	
517,244
	
	
	
488,461
	
MyPower	deferred	costs
	
	
232,369
	
	
	
215,708
	
Other	assets
	
	
345,145
	
	
	
241,262
	
Total	assets(1)
	
$
9,130,756
	
	
$
7,287,118
	
		
	
	
	
December	31,
	
	
	
2016
	
	
2015
	
Liabilities	and	equity
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Current	liabilities:
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Accounts	payable
	
$
207,643
	
	
$
364,973
	
Distributions	payable	to	noncontrolling	interests	and	redeemable	noncontrolling	interests
	
	
24,085
	
	
	
26,769
	
Payable	to	parent	–	net
	
	
11,693
	
	
	
—
	
Current	portion	of	deferred	U.S.	Treasury	grant	income
	
	
14,348
	
	
	
15,336
	
Accrued	and	other	current	liabilities
	
	
265,987
	
	
	
276,506
	
Current	portion	of	deferred	revenue
	
	
124,722
	
	
	
103,078
	
Current	portion	of	long-term	debt
	
	
617,588
	
	
	
180,048
	
Current	portion	of	solar	bonds
	
	
16,582
	
	
	
13,189
	
Current	portion	of	solar	bonds	issued	to	related	parties
	
	
165,000
	
	
	
165,120
	
Current	portion	of	solar	asset-backed	notes
	
	
19,628
	
	
	
13,864
	
Current	portion	of	financing	obligation
	
	
52,031
	
	
	
34,479
	
Total	current	liabilities
	
	
1,519,307
	
	
	
1,193,362
	
Deferred	revenue,	net	of	current	portion
	
	
1,086,417
	
	
	
1,010,491
	
Long-term	debt,	net	of	current	portion
	
	
1,092,426
	
	
	
1,006,595
	
Solar	bonds,	net	of	current	portion
	
	
50,179
	
	
	
35,678
	
Solar	bonds	issued	to	related	parties,	net	of	current	portion
	
	
100,100
	
	
	
100
	
Convertible	senior	notes
	
	
873,194
	
	
	
881,585
	
Convertible	senior	notes	issued	to	related	parties
	
	
11,669
	
	
	
12,975
	
Solar	asset-backed	notes,	net	of	current	portion
	
	
549,205
	
	
	
395,667
	
Long-term	deferred	tax	liability
	
	
481
	
	
	
1,373
	
Financing	obligation,	net	of	current	portion
	
	
81,917
	
	
	
68,940
	
Deferred	U.S.	Treasury	grant	income,	net	of	current	portion
	
	
343,264
	
	
	
382,283
	
Build-to-suit	lease	liability
	
	
807,593
	
	
	
284,500
	
Other	liabilities	and	deferred	credits
	
	
339,951
	
	
	
279,006
	
Total	liabilities(1)
	
	
6,855,703
	
	
	
5,552,555
	
Commitments	and	contingencies	(Note	23)
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Redeemable	noncontrolling	interests	in	subsidiaries
	
	
343,623
	
	
	
320,935
	
Parent's	equity:
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Common	stock:
			as	of	December	31,	2016,	$0.01	par	value,	1.0	million	shares	authorized,	100	shares	issued	and	outstanding;
			as	of	December	31,	2015,	$0.0001	par	value,	1	billion	shares	authorized,	97.9	million	shares	issued	and	outstanding
	
	
—
	
	
	
10
	
Additional	paid-in	capital
	
	
1,301,201
	
	
	
1,195,246
	
Accumulated	deficit
	
	
(77,916
)
	
	
(316,690
)
Total	parent's	equity
	
	
1,223,285
	
	
	
878,566
	
Noncontrolling	interests	in	subsidiaries
	
	
708,145
	
	
	
535,062
	
Total	equity
	
	
1,931,430
	
	
	
1,413,628
	
Total	liabilities	and	equity
	
$
9,130,756
	
	
$
7,287,118
	
(1)
SolarCity	Corporation’s,	or	the	Company’s,	consolidated	assets	as	of	December	31,	2016	and	2015	included	$4,133,472	and	$2,866,882,	respectively,	of	assets	of	variable	interest	entities,	or	VIEs,	that	can	only	be	used	to	settle	obligations	of	the	VIEs.	These	assets	included
solar	energy	systems,	leased	and	to	be	leased	–	net	of	$3,975,214	and	$2,779,363	as	of	December	31,	2016	and	2015,	respectively;	property,	plant	and	equipment	–	net	of	$0	and	$21,960	as	of	December	31,	2016	and	2015,	respectively;	cash	and	cash	equivalents	of	$44,091
and	$33,537	as	of	December	31,	2016	and	2015,	respectively;	inventory	of	$0	and	$1,000	as	of	December	31,	2016	and	2015,	respectively;	restricted	cash,	current,	of	$20,916	and	$522	as	of	December	31,	2016	and	2015,	respectively;	accounts	receivable	–	net	of	$16,023	and
$10,267	as	of	December	31,	2016	and	2015,	respectively;	prepaid	expenses	and	other	current	assets	of	$7,532	and	$2,713	as	of	December	31,	2016	and	2015,	respectively;	rebates	receivable	of	$6,646	and	$6,220	as	of	December	31,	2016	and	2015,	respectively;	and	other
assets	of	$63,050	and	$11,300	as	of	December	31,	2016	and	2015,	respectively.	The	Company’s	consolidated	liabilities	as	of	December	31,	2016	and	2015	included	$596,802	and	$33,475,	respectively,	of	liabilities	of	VIEs	whose	creditors	have	no	recourse	to	the	Company.
These	liabilities	included	distributions	payable	to	noncontrolling	interests	in	subsidiaries	and	redeemable	noncontrolling	interests	in	subsidiaries	of	$24,085	and	$26,769	as	of	December	31,	2016	and	2015,	respectively;	accounts	payable	of	$20	and	$1,954	as	of	December	31,
2016	and	2015,	respectively;	customer	deposits	of	$1,169	and	$2,928	as	of	December	31,	2016	and	2015,	respectively;	accrued	liabilities	and	other	payables	of	$8,524	and	$1,824	as	of	December	31,	2016	and	2015,	respectively;	current	portion	of	long-term	debt	of	$87,467
and	$0	as	of	December	31,	2016	and	2015,	respectively;	and	long-term	debt,	net	of	current	portion,	of	$475,537	and	$0	as	of	December	31,	2016	and	2015,	respectively.
	
See	the	further	description	in	Note	13,	
VIE	Arrangements
.
See	accompanying	notes.
	
		
SolarCity	Corporation
Consolidated	Statements	of	Operations
(In	Thousands)
	
	
	
Year	Ended	December	31,
	
	
	
2016
	
	
2015
	
	
2014
	
Revenue:
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Operating	leases	and	solar	energy	systems	incentives
	
$
422,326
	
	
$
293,543
	
	
$
173,636
	
Solar	energy	systems	and	components	sales
	
	
308,016
	
	
	
106,076
	
	
	
81,395
	
Total	revenue
	
	
730,342
	
	
	
399,619
	
	
	
255,031
	
Cost	of	revenue:
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Operating	leases	and	solar	energy	systems	incentives
	
	
253,653
	
	
	
165,546
	
	
	
92,920
	
Solar	energy	systems	and	components	sales
	
	
225,269
	
	
	
115,245
	
	
	
83,512
	
Total	cost	of	revenue
	
	
478,922
	
	
	
280,791
	
	
	
176,432
	
Gross	profit
	
	
251,420
	
	
	
118,828
	
	
	
78,599
	
Operating	expenses:
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Sales	and	marketing
	
	
442,590
	
	
	
457,185
	
	
	
238,608
	
General	and	administrative
	
	
228,980
	
	
	
244,508
	
	
	
156,426
	
Pre-production	expense
	
	
69,306
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
Restructuring	and	other
	
	
105,922
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
Research	and	development
	
	
54,963
	
	
	
64,925
	
	
	
19,162
	
Total	operating	expenses
	
	
901,761
	
	
	
766,618
	
	
	
414,196
	
Loss	from	operations
	
	
(650,341
)
	
	
(647,790
)
	
	
(335,597
)
Interest	and	other	expenses:
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Interest	expense	–	recourse	debt
	
	
42,162
	
	
	
28,145
	
	
	
14,522
	
Interest	expense	–	non-recourse	debt
	
	
74,527
	
	
	
29,905
	
	
	
13,537
	
Other	interest	expense	and	amortization	of	debt	discounts	and	fees,	net
	
	
39,965
	
	
	
33,889
	
	
	
27,699
	
Other	expense,	net
	
	
13,660
	
	
	
25,767
	
	
	
10,611
	
Total	interest	and	other	expenses
	
	
170,314
	
	
	
117,706
	
	
	
66,369
	
Loss	before	income	taxes
	
	
(820,655
)
	
	
(765,496
)
	
	
(401,966
)
Income	tax	benefit	(provision)
	
	
308
	
	
	
(3,326
)
	
	
26,736
	
Net	loss
	
	
(820,347
)
	
	
(768,822
)
	
	
(375,230
)
Net	loss	attributable	to	noncontrolling	interests	and
			redeemable	noncontrolling	interests
	
	
(1,059,121
)
	
	
(710,492
)
	
	
(319,196
)
Net	income	(loss)	attributable	to	parent
	
$
238,774
	
	
$
(58,330
)
	
$
(56,034
)
	
See	accompanying	notes.
	
	
	
		
SolarCity	Corporation
Consolidated	Statements	of	Equity
(In	Thousands)
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Additional
	
	
	
	
	
	
Total
	
	
Noncontrolling
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Common	Stock
	
	
Paid-In
	
	
Accumulated
	
	
Parent's
	
	
Interests	in
	
	
Total
	
	
	
Shares
	
	
Amount
	
	
Capital
	
	
Deficit
	
	
Equity
	
	
Subsidiaries
	
	
Equity
	
Balance	at	January	1,	2014
	
	
91,009
	
	
$
10
	
	
$
819,914
	
	
$
(202,326
)
	
$
617,598
	
	
$
186,817
	
	
$
804,415
	
Contributions	from	noncontrolling	interests
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
517,471
	
	
	
517,471
	
Issuance	of	common	stock	upon	acquisition	of	Silevo
	
	
2,284
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
137,958
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
137,958
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
137,958
	
Issuance	of	restricted	stock	units	upon	acquisition	of	Silevo
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
132
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
132
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
132
	
Purchase	of	capped	call	options
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
(65,203
)
	
	
—
	
	
	
(65,203
)
	
	
	
	
	
	
(65,203
)
Stock-based	compensation	expense
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
88,936
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
88,936
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
88,936
	
Issuance	of	common	stock	upon	exercise	of	stock	options	for	cash
	
	
3,176
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
20,255
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
20,255
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
20,255
	
Issuance	of	common	stock	upon	vesting	of	restricted	stock	units
	
	
52
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
Acquisition	of	noncontrolling	interest	in	subsidiaries
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
2,000
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
2,000
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
2,000
	
Net	loss
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
(56,034
)
	
	
(56,034
)
	
	
(178,124
)
	
	
(234,158
)
Transfers	to	redeemable	noncontrolling	interests	in	subsidiaries
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
(25,248
)
	
	
(25,248
)
Distributions	to	noncontrolling	interests
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
(90,974
)
	
	
(90,974
)
Balance	at	December	31,	2014
	
	
96,521
	
	
$
10
	
	
$
1,003,992
	
	
$
(258,360
)
	
$
745,642
	
	
$
409,942
	
	
$
1,155,584
	
Contributions	from	noncontrolling	interests
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
681,994
	
	
	
681,994
	
Tax	benefit	of	stock	option	exercises
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
63,019
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
63,019
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
63,019
	
Stock-based	compensation	expense
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
116,585
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
116,585
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
116,585
	
Issuance	of	common	stock	upon	exercise	of	stock	options	for	cash
	
	
951
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
11,650
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
11,650
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
11,650
	
Issuance	of	common	stock	to	employees	and	board	members	upon
			vesting	of	restricted	stock	units
	
	
392
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
Net	loss
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
(58,330
)
	
	
(58,330
)
	
	
(451,999
)
	
	
(510,329
)
Distributions	to	noncontrolling	interests
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
(104,875
)
	
	
(104,875
)
Balance	at	December	31,	2015
	
	
97,864
	
	
	
10
	
	
	
1,195,246
	
	
	
(316,690
)
	
	
878,566
	
	
	
535,062
	
	
	
1,413,628
	
Contributions	from	noncontrolling	interests
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
847,979
	
	
	
847,979
	
Tax	impact	of	stock	option	exercises
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
(11,650
)
	
	
—
	
	
	
(11,650
)
	
	
—
	
	
	
(11,650
)
Stock-based	compensation	expense
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
74,775
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
74,775
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
74,775
	
Issuance	of	common	stock	upon	exercise	of	stock	options	for	cash
	
	
605
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
4,072
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
4,072
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
4,072
	
Issuance	of	common	stock	to	employees	and	board	members	upon
			vesting	of	restricted	stock	units
	
	
1,150
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
Issuance	of	stock	to	settle	accrued	compensation
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
631
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
631
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
631
	
Issuance	of	stock	on	settlement	of	Silevo	contingent	consideration
	
	
1,514
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
34,170
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
34,170
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
34,170
	
Common	stock	purchased	by	Tesla,	Inc.	and	retired
	
	
(101,133
)
	
	
(10
)
	
	
(1,297,244
)
	
	
—
	
	
	
(1,297,254
)
	
	
—
	
	
	
(1,297,254
)
Issuance	of	common	stock	to	Tesla,	Inc.
	
	
100
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
1,297,254
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
1,297,254
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
1,297,254
	
Stock	compensation	expense	for	Tesla,	Inc.	stock
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
485
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
485
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
485
	
Reclassification	of	capped	call	options
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
3,462
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
3,462
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
3,462
	
Net	income	(loss)
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
238,774
	
	
	
238,774
	
	
	
(573,553
)
	
	
(334,779
)
Distributions	to	noncontrolling	interests
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
(101,343
)
	
	
(101,343
)
Balance	at	December	31,	2016
	
	
100
	
	
$
—
	
	
$
1,301,201
	
	
$
(77,916
)
	
$
1,223,285
	
	
$
708,145
	
	
$
1,931,430
	
See	accompanying	notes.
	
	
	
		
SolarCity	Corporation
Consolidated	Statements	of	Cash	Flows
(In	Thousands)
	
	
	
Year	Ended	December	31,
	
	
	
2016
	
	
2015
	
	
2014
	
Operating	activities:
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Net	loss
	
$
(820,347
)
	
$
(768,822
)
	
$
(375,230
)
Adjustments	to	reconcile	net	loss	to	net	cash	used	in	operating	activities:
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Depreciation,	amortization	and	write-offs
	
	
308,773
	
	
	
166,653
	
	
	
97,880
	
Change	in	fair	value	of	interest	rate	swaps
	
	
2,954
	
	
	
11,560
	
	
	
—
	
Non-cash	interest	and	other	expense
	
	
(76,023
)
	
	
16,427
	
	
	
13,631
	
Stock-based	compensation,	net	of	amounts	capitalized
	
	
49,988
	
	
	
86,369
	
	
	
65,562
	
Tax	impact	of	stock	option	exercises
	
	
11,650
	
	
	
(63,019
)
	
	
—
	
Loss	on	extinguishment	of	long-term	debt
	
	
798
	
	
	
1,093
	
	
	
4,533
	
Deferred	income	taxes
	
	
(892
)
	
	
(527
)
	
	
(26,680
)
Non-cash	reduction	in	financing	obligation
	
	
(50,342
)
	
	
(48,132
)
	
	
(48,837
)
Loss	on	disposal	of	property,	plant	and	equipment	and
			construction	in	progress
	
	
1,798
	
	
	
3,840
	
	
	
1,404
	
Changes	in	operating	assets	and	liabilities:
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Restricted	cash
	
	
(91,388
)
	
	
(48,650
)
	
	
(17,699
)
Accounts	receivable
	
	
(32,951
)
	
	
(11,049
)
	
	
945
	
Rebates	receivable
	
	
1,206
	
	
	
18,476
	
	
	
(9,890
)
Inventories
	
	
170,582
	
	
	
(125,337
)
	
	
(97,347
)
Prepaid	expenses	and	other	current	assets
	
	
4,701
	
	
	
(24,485
)
	
	
(23,155
)
MyPower	deferred	costs
	
	
(17,067
)
	
	
(202,899
)
	
	
(13,571
)
Other	assets
	
	
(27,607
)
	
	
(70,016
)
	
	
(18,872
)
Accounts	payable
	
	
(149,686
)
	
	
125,472
	
	
	
112,480
	
Payable	to	parent	company,	net
	
	
5,115
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
Accrued	and	other	liabilities
	
	
132,826
	
	
	
131,657
	
	
	
(20,944
)
Deferred	revenue
	
	
67,135
	
	
	
11,505
	
	
	
137,941
	
Net	cash	used	in	operating	activities
	
	
(508,777
)
	
	
(789,884
)
	
	
(217,849
)
Investing	activities:
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Payments	for	the	cost	of	solar	energy	systems,	leased	and	to	be	leased
	
	
(1,611,010
)
	
	
(1,665,641
)
	
	
(1,162,963
)
Purchase	of	property,	plant	and	equipment
	
	
(62,895
)
	
	
(176,540
)
	
	
(22,892
)
Purchases	of	short-term	investments
	
	
—
	
	
	
(44,592
)
	
	
(167,397
)
Proceeds	from	sales	and	maturities	of	short-term	investments
	
	
11,243
	
	
	
170,737
	
	
	
28,764
	
Acquisition	of	business,	net	of	cash	acquired
	
	
—
	
	
	
(9,509
)
	
	
1,874
	
Payments	for	the	acquisition	of	noncontrolling	interests
	
	
(13,664
)
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
Payments	for	settlements	of	interest	rate	swaps
	
	
(13,003
)
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
Other	investments
	
	
—
	
	
	
(1,189
)
	
	
(22,200
)
Net	cash	used	in	investing	activities
	
	
(1,689,329
)
	
	
(1,726,734
)
	
	
(1,344,814
)
	
		
	
	
	
Year	Ended	December	31,
	
	
	
2016
	
	
2015
	
	
2014
	
Financing	activities:
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Investment	fund	financings,	bank	and	other	borrowings:
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Borrowings	under	long-term	debt
	
	
1,376,177
	
	
	
1,093,261
	
	
	
369,801
	
Repayments	of	long-term	debt
	
	
(866,946
)
	
	
(215,933
)
	
	
(336,557
)
Proceeds	from	issuance	of	solar	bonds
	
	
32,436
	
	
	
47,146
	
	
	
3,122
	
Proceeds	from	issuance	of	solar	bonds	issued	to	related	parties
	
	
265,010
	
	
	
165,020
	
	
	
530
	
Repayments	of	borrowings	under	solar	bonds
	
	
(14,827
)
	
	
(1,820
)
	
	
—
	
Repayments	of	borrowings	under	solar	bonds	issued	to	related	parties
	
	
(165,110
)
	
	
(330
)
	
	
—
	
Proceeds	from	issuance	of	solar	asset-backed	notes
	
	
221,035
	
	
	
119,790
	
	
	
262,880
	
Repayments	of	borrowings	under	solar	asset-backed	notes
	
	
(64,090
)
	
	
(15,863
)
	
	
(5,932
)
Payment	of	deferred	purchase	consideration
	
	
—
	
	
	
(3,747
)
	
	
(2,206
)
Proceeds	from	financing	obligation
	
	
69,007
	
	
	
43,125
	
	
	
44,563
	
Repayments	of	financing	obligation
	
	
(481
)
	
	
(5,259
)
	
	
(12,460
)
Repayment	of	capital	lease	obligations
	
	
(10,318
)
	
	
(6,036
)
	
	
(2,772
)
Proceeds	from	investments	by	noncontrolling	interests	and	redeemable
			noncontrolling	interests	in	subsidiaries
	
	
1,420,819
	
	
	
1,097,487
	
	
	
777,963
	
Distributions	paid	to	noncontrolling	interests	and	redeemable
			noncontrolling	interests	in	subsidiaries
	
	
(148,862
)
	
	
(109,511
)
	
	
(117,125
)
Proceeds	from	U.S.	Treasury	grants
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
342
	
Net	cash	provided	by	financing	activities	before	equity	and	convertible
			senior	notes	issuances
	
	
2,113,850
	
	
	
2,207,330
	
	
	
982,149
	
Equity	issuances	and	convertible	senior	notes	issuances:
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Proceeds	from	issuance	of	convertible	senior	notes
	
	
—
	
	
	
99,805
	
	
	
552,765
	
Proceeds	from	issuance	of	convertible	senior	notes	issued	to	related	parties
	
	
—
	
	
	
12,975
	
	
	
—
	
Purchase	of	capped	call	options
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
(65,203
)
Proceeds	from	exercise	of	stock	options
	
	
4,072
	
	
	
11,650
	
	
	
20,255
	
Tax	impact	of	stock	option	exercises
	
	
(11,650
)
	
	
63,019
	
	
	
—
	
Net	cash	provided	by	equity	issuances	and	convertible	senior	notes	issuances
	
	
(7,578
)
	
	
187,449
	
	
	
507,817
	
Net	cash	provided	by	financing	activities
	
	
2,106,272
	
	
	
2,394,779
	
	
	
1,489,966
	
Net	decrease	in	cash	and	cash	equivalents
	
	
(91,834
)
	
	
(121,839
)
	
	
(72,697
)
Cash	and	cash	equivalents,	beginning	of	period
	
	
382,544
	
	
	
504,383
	
	
	
577,080
	
Cash	and	cash	equivalents,	end	of	period
	
$
290,710
	
	
$
382,544
	
	
$
504,383
	
Supplemental	disclosures	of	cash	flow	information:
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Cash	paid	during	the	period	for	interest
	
$
107,157
	
	
$
53,971
	
	
$
22,702
	
Cash	paid	during	the	period	for	taxes,	net	of	refunds
	
$
11,221
	
	
$
2,846
	
	
$
1,881
	
See	accompanying	notes.
	
	
	
		
SolarCity	Corporation
Notes	to	Consolidated	Financial	Statements
	
1.	Organization
SolarCity	Corporation,	or	the	Company,	was	incorporated	as	a	Delaware	corporation	on	June	21,	2006.	The	Company	is	primarily	engaged	in	the	design,	manufacture,	installation	and	sale	or	lease	of	solar	energy	systems,	or	sale	of
electricity	generated	by	solar	energy	systems.	The	Company’s	headquarters	are	located	in	San	Mateo,	California.
On	November	21,	2016,	the	Company	was	acquired	by	and	now	operates	as	a	wholly	owned	subsidiary	of	Tesla,	Inc.,	or	Tesla.	Pursuant	to	the	terms	of	the	merger	agreement,	each	share	of	the	Company’s	common	stock	then
outstanding	was	converted	into	0.11	shares	of	Tesla’s	common	stock,	or	the	Exchange	Ratio.	The	Company’s	outstanding	option	and	restricted	stock	unit	awards	were	also	converted	into	corresponding	equity	awards	of	Tesla’s	common	stock
based	on	the	Exchange	Ratio,	with	the	awards	retaining	the	same	vesting	and	other	terms	and	conditions	as	in	effect	immediately	prior	to	the	merger.
	
	
2.	Summary	of	Significant	Accounting	Policies	and	Procedures
Basis	of	Presentation	and	Principles	of	Consolidation
The	accompanying	consolidated	financial	statements	have	been	prepared	in	conformity	with	U.S.	generally	accepted	accounting	principles,	or	GAAP,	and	reflect	the	accounts	and	operations	of	the	Company	and	those	of	its	subsidiaries
in	which	the	Company	has	a	controlling	financial	interest.	In	accordance	with	the	provisions	of	Financial	Accounting	Standards	Board,	or	FASB,	Accounting	Standards	Codification,	or	ASC,	810,	
Consolidation
,	the	Company	consolidates	any
variable	interest	entity,	or	VIE,	of	which	it	is	the	primary	beneficiary.	The	Company	forms	VIEs	with	its	financing	fund	investors	in	the	ordinary	course	of	business	in	order	to	facilitate	the	funding	and	monetization	of	certain	attributes	associated
with	its	solar	energy	systems.	The	typical	condition	for	a	controlling	financial	interest	ownership	is	holding	a	majority	of	the	voting	interests	of	an	entity;	however,	a	controlling	financial	interest	may	also	exist	in	entities,	such	as	VIEs,	through
arrangements	that	do	not	involve	controlling	voting	interests.	ASC	810	requires	a	variable	interest	holder	to	consolidate	a	VIE	if	that	party	has	the	power	to	direct	the	activities	of	the	VIE	that	most	significantly	impact	the	VIE’s	economic
performance	and	the	obligation	to	absorb	losses	of	the	VIE	that	could	potentially	be	significant	to	the	VIE	or	the	right	to	receive	benefits	from	the	VIE	that	could	potentially	be	significant	to	the	VIE.	The	Company	does	not	consolidate	a	VIE	in
which	it	has	a	majority	ownership	interest	when	the	Company	is	not	considered	the	primary	beneficiary.	The	Company	has	determined	that	it	is	the	primary	beneficiary	of	a	number	of	VIEs	(see	Note	13,	
VIE	Arrangements
).	The	Company
evaluates	its	relationships	with	all	the	VIEs	on	an	ongoing	basis	to	ensure	that	it	continues	to	be	the	primary	beneficiary.	All	intercompany	transactions	and	balances	have	been	eliminated	in	consolidation.	In	addition,	the	consolidated	financial
statements	reflect	the	Company’s	historical	amounts	and	balances	and	do	not	reflect	pushdown	accounting	from	the	acquisition	by	Tesla.
Reclassifications
Certain	prior	period	balances	have	been	reclassified	to	conform	to	the	current	period	presentation.	In	particular,	the	consolidated	statements	of	operations	have	been	expanded	to	separately	present	net	interest	expense	between	(i)
interest	expense	on	recourse	debt	excluding	the	amortization	of	any	debt	discounts	or	fees,	(ii)	interest	expense	on	non-recourse	debt	excluding	the	amortization	of	any	debt	discounts	or	fees	and	(iii)	all	other	net	interest	expense	including	the
amortization	of	all	debt	discounts	and	fees.
Use	of	Estimates
The	preparation	of	the	consolidated	financial	statements	requires	management	to	make	estimates	and	assumptions	that	affect	the	amounts	reported	in	the	consolidated	financial	statements	and	the	accompanying	notes.	Management
regularly	makes	significant	estimates	and	assumptions	regarding	the	selling	price	of	undelivered	elements	for	revenue	recognition	purposes,	the	collectability	of	accounts	and	rebates	receivable,	the	valuation	of	inventories,	the	labor	costs	for
long-term	contracts	used	as	a	basis	for	determining	the	percentage	of	completion	for	such	contracts,	the	fair	values	and	residual	values	of	solar	energy	systems	subject	to	leases,	the	accounting	for	business	combinations,	the	fair	values	and
useful	lives	of	acquired	tangible	and	intangible	assets,	the	fair	value	of	contingent	consideration	payable	under	business	combinations,	the	useful	lives	of	solar	energy	systems,	property,	plant	and	equipment,	the	determination	of	accrued
warranty,	the	determination	of	accrued	liability	for	solar	energy	system	performance	guarantees,	the	determination	of	lease	pass-through	financing	obligations,	the	discount	rates	used	to	determine	the	fair	values	of	investment	tax	credits,	the
valuation	of	stock-based	compensation,	the	determination	of	valuation	allowances	associated	with	deferred	tax	assets,	asset	impairment,	the	valuation	of	build-to-suit	lease	assets,	the	fair	value	of	interest	rate	swaps,	the	fair	value	of	capped	call
options,	the	fair	value	of	convertible	senior	note	conversion	features	and	other	items.	Management	bases	its	estimates	on	historical	experience	and	on	various	other	assumptions	believed	to	be	reasonable,	the	results	of	which	form	the	basis	for
making	judgments	about	the	carrying	values	of	assets	and	liabilities.	Actual	results	could	differ	materially	from	those	estimates.
	SolarCity	Corporation
Notes	to	Consolidated	Financial	Statements	(continued)
	
Cash	and	Cash	Equivalents
The	Company	considers	all	highly	liquid	investments	with	maturities	of	three	months	or	less	at	the	time	of	purchase	to	be	cash	equivalents.	The	Company	maintains	cash	and	cash	equivalents,	which	consist	principally	of	demand
deposits	with	high	credit-quality	financial	institutions.	The	Company	has	exposure	to	credit	risk	to	the	extent	cash	and	cash	equivalent	balances,	including	any	restricted	cash	balances	on	deposit,	exceed	amounts	covered	by	federal	deposit
insurance.	The	Company	believes	that	its	credit	risk	is	not	significant.
Restricted	Cash
Restricted	cash	includes	cash	received	from	certain	fund	investors	that	had	not	been	released	for	use	by	the	Company,	cash	held	to	service	certain	payments	under	various	secured	debt	facilities,	including	management	fee,	principal
and	interest	payments,	and	balances	collateralizing	outstanding	letters	of	credit,	outstanding	credit	card	borrowing	facilities	and	obligations	under	certain	operating	leases.
Accounts	Receivable
Accounts	receivable	primarily	represent	trade	receivables	from	billings	and	sales	to	residential	and	commercial	customers	recorded	at	net	realizable	value.	The	Company	maintains	an	allowance	for	doubtful	accounts	to	reserve	for
potentially	uncollectible	accounts	receivable.	The	Company	reviews	its	accounts	receivable	by	aging	category	to	identify	significant	customer	balances	with	known	disputes	or	collection	issues.	In	determining	the	allowance,	the	Company	makes
judgments	about	the	creditworthiness	of	a	majority	of	its	customers	based	on	ongoing	credit	evaluations.	The	Company	also	considers	its	historical	level	of	credit	losses	and	current	economic	trends	that	might	impact	the	level	of	future	credit
losses.	The	Company	writes	off	accounts	receivable	when	they	are	deemed	uncollectible.
Customer	Notes	Receivable
In	the	fourth	quarter	of	2014,	the	Company	launched	MyPower,	a	program	that	offered	residential	customers	the	option	to	finance	the	purchase	of	solar	energy	systems	through	a	30-year	loan	provided	by	a	wholly	owned	subsidiary	of
the	Company.	The	Company	ceased	offering	MyPower	in	the	third	quarter	of	2016.	During	the	periods	in	which	MyPower	was	offered,	in	order	to	qualify	for	a	loan,	a	customer	had	to	pass	the	Company’s	credit	evaluation	process,	and	the	loans
are	secured	by	the	solar	energy	systems	financed.	The	outstanding	loan	balances	that	remain	from	when	MyPower	was	offered,	net	of	any	allowance	for	potentially	uncollectible	amounts,	are	presented	on	the	consolidated	balance	sheets	as	a
component	of	prepaid	expenses	and	other	current	assets	for	the	current	portion	and	as	customer	notes	receivable,	net	of	current	portion,	for	the	long-term	portion.	In	determining	the	allowance	and	credit	quality	for	customer	loans	under
MyPower,	the	Company	identifies	significant	customers	with	known	disputes	or	collection	issues	and	also	considers	its	historical	level	of	credit	losses	and	current	economic	trends	that	might	impact	the	level	of	future	credit	losses.	Customer
notes	receivable	that	are	individually	impaired	are	charged-off	as	a	write-off	of	allowance	for	losses.	As	of	December	31,	2016	and	2015,	there	were	no	significant	customers	with	known	disputes	or	collection	issues,	and	the	amount	of	potentially
uncollectible	amounts	was	insignificant.	Accordingly,	the	Company	did	not	establish	an	allowance	for	losses	against	customer	notes	receivable.	In	addition,	there	were	no	material	non-accrual	or	past	due	customer	notes	receivable	as	of
December	31,	2016	and	2015.
Rebates	Receivable
Rebates	receivable	represent	rebates	due	from	utility	companies	and	government	agencies.	These	receivables	include	rebates	that	have	been	assigned	to	the	Company	by	its	cash	customers	on	state-approved	solar	energy	system
installations	sold	to	the	customers	and	also	uncollected	incentives	from	state	and	local	government	agencies	for	solar	energy	system	installations	that	have	been	leased	to	customers	or	are	used	to	generate	and	sell	electricity	to	customers	under
power	purchase	agreements.	For	the	rebates	assigned	to	the	Company	by	its	customers,	the	Company	assumes	the	responsibility	for	the	application	and	collection	of	the	rebate.	The	processing	cycle	for	these	rebates	and	incentives	involves	a
multi-step	process	in	which	the	Company	accumulates	and	submits	information	required	by	the	utility	company	or	state	agency	necessary	for	the	collection	of	the	rebate.	The	entire	process	typically	can	take	up	to	several	months	to	complete.	The
Company	recognizes	rebates	receivable	upon	the	solar	energy	system	passing	inspection	by	the	utility	or	authority	having	jurisdiction	after	completion	of	system	installation.	The	Company	maintains	an	allowance	to	reserve	for	potentially
uncollectible	rebates.	In	determining	the	allowance,	the	Company	makes	judgments	based	on	the	length	of	period	that	a	rebate	amount	has	been	outstanding	and	reasons	for	the	delays	in	collecting	the	rebate.
	SolarCity	Corporation
Notes	to	Consolidated	Financial	Statements	(continued)
	
Derivatives
In	the	second	quarter	of	2015,	the	Company	began	entering	into	fixed-for-floating	interest	rate	swap	agreements	to	swap	variable	interest	payments	on	certain	debt	for	fixed	interest	payments,	as	required	by	its	lenders.	The	Company
has	not	designated	any	interest	rate	swaps	as	hedging	instruments.	Accordingly,	all	interest	rate	swaps	are	recognized	at	fair	value	on	the	consolidated	balance	sheets	within	other	assets	or	other	liabilities	and	deferred	credits,	with	any	changes
in	fair	value	recognized	as	other	income	or	expense	in	the	consolidated	statements	of	operations	and	with	any	cash	flows	recognized	as	investing	activities	in	the	consolidated	statements	of	cash	flows.
Upon	the	acquisition	by	Tesla,	the	Company	now	accounts	for	its	convertible	senior	notes’	conversion	features	and	capped	call	options	as	derivatives	(see	Note	12,	
Indebtedness
).	The	Company	has	not	designated	these	derivatives	as
hedging	instruments.	Accordingly,	these	derivatives	are	recognized	at	fair	value	on	the	consolidated	balance	sheets	within	other	assets	or	other	liabilities	and	deferred	credits,	with	any	changes	in	fair	value	recognized	as	other	income	or	expense
in	the	consolidated	statements	of	operations	and	with	any	cash	flows	recognized	as	financing	activities	in	the	consolidated	statements	of	cash	flows.
As	of	and	for	the	year	ended	December	31,	2016,	the	Company	had	derivatives	outstanding	as	follows	(in	thousands):
	
	
	
Aggregate
	
	
Gross
	
	
Gross
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Notional
	
	
Asset	at
	
	
Liability	at
	
	
Gross
	
	
Gross
	
	
	
Amount
	
	
Fair	Value
	
	
Fair	Value
	
	
Gains
	
	
Losses
	
Interest	rate	swaps
	
$
789,620
	
	
$
10,619
	
	
$
12,109
	
	
$
49,266
	
	
$
52,216
	
Convertible	senior	note	conversion	features
	
$
909,000
	
	
$
—
	
	
$
19,400
	
	
$
—
	
	
$
5,100
	
Capped	call	options
	
745,377	shares
	
	
$
5,252
	
	
$
—
	
	
$
1,789
	
	
$
—
	
As	of	and	for	the	year	ended	December	31,	2015,	the	Company	had	derivatives	outstanding	as	follows	(in	thousands):
	
	
	
Aggregate
	
	
Gross
	
	
Gross
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Notional
	
	
Asset	at
	
	
Liability	at
	
	
Gross
	
	
Gross
	
	
	
Amount
	
	
Fair	Value
	
	
Fair	Value
	
	
Gains
	
	
Losses
	
Interest	rate	swaps
	
$
640,628
	
	
$
—
	
	
$
11,544
	
	
$
—
	
	
$
11,544
	
Concentrations	of	Risk
Financial	instruments	that	potentially	subject	the	Company	to	concentrations	of	credit	risk	consist	primarily	of	cash	and	cash	equivalents,	short-term	investments,	accounts	receivable,	customer	notes	receivable,	rebates	receivable	and
interest	rate	swaps.	The	associated	risk	of	concentration	for	cash	and	cash	equivalents	is	mitigated	by	banking	with	creditworthy	institutions.	At	certain	times,	amounts	on	deposit	exceed	federal	deposit	insurance	limits.	The	associated	risk	of
concentration	for	short-term	investments	is	mitigated	by	holding	a	diversified	portfolio	of	highly	rated	short-term	investments.	The	associated	risk	of	concentration	for	accounts	receivable	and	customer	notes	receivable	is	mitigated	by	placing
liens	on	the	related	solar	energy	systems	and	performing	periodic	and	ongoing	credit	evaluations	of	the	Company’s	customers.	Rebates	receivable	are	due	from	various	states	and	local	governments	as	well	as	various	utility	companies.	The
associated	risk	of	concentration	for	interest	rate	swaps	is	mitigated	by	transacting	with	several	highly	rated	multinational	banks.	The	Company	maintains	reserves	for	any	amounts	that	it	considers	to	be	uncollectable.
Fair	Value	of	Financial	Instruments
ASC	820
,	Fair	Value	Measurements
,	clarifies	that	fair	value	is	an	exit	price,	representing	the	amount	that	would	be	received	to	sell	an	asset	or	paid	to	transfer	a	liability	in	an	orderly	transaction	between	market	participants.	As	such,
fair	value	is	a	market-based	measurement	that	should	be	determined	based	on	assumptions	that	market	participants	would	use	in	pricing	an	asset	or	a	liability.
ASC	820	requires	that	the	valuation	techniques	used	to	measure	fair	value	must	maximize	the	use	of	observable	inputs	and	minimize	the	use	of	unobservable	inputs.	ASC	820	establishes	a	three-tier	fair	value	hierarchy,	which
prioritizes	inputs	that	may	be	used	to	measure	fair	value	as	follows:
	
•
Level	1—Observable	inputs	that	reflect	quoted	prices	for	identical	assets	or	liabilities	in	active	markets.
	
•
Level	2—Observable	inputs	other	than	Level	1	prices,	such	as	quoted	prices	for	similar	assets	or	liabilities;	quoted	prices	in	markets	that	are	not	active	or	other	inputs	that	are	observable	or	can	be	corroborated	by
observable	market	data	for	substantially	the	full	term	of	the	assets	or	liabilities.
	SolarCity	Corporation
Notes	to	Consolidated	Financial	Statements	(continued)
	
	
•
Level	3—Unobservable	inputs	that	are	supported	by	little	or	no	market	activity	and	that	are	significant	to	the	fair	value	of	the	assets	or	liabilities.
The	assets	and	liabilities	carried	at	fair	value	on	a	recurring	basis	included	cash	equivalents,	short-term	investments,	capped	call	options,	interest	rate	swaps,	convertible	senior	note	conversion	features	and	contingent	consideration.
As	of	December	31,	2016,	their	fair	values	were	as	follows	(in	thousands):
	
	
	
Level	1
	
	
Level	2
	
	
Level	3
	
Cash	equivalents:
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Money	market	funds
	
$
3,438
	
	
$
—
	
	
$
—
	
Other	assets:
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Capped	call	options
	
$
—
	
	
$
5,252
	
	
$
—
	
Liabilities:
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Interest	rate	swaps
	
$
—
	
	
$
1,490
	
	
$
—
	
Convertible	senior	note	conversion	features
	
$
—
	
	
$
19,400
	
	
$
—
	
	
As	of	December	31,	2015,	their	fair	values	were	as	follows	(in	thousands):
	
	
	
Level	1
	
	
Level	2
	
	
Level	3
	
Cash	equivalents:
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Money	market	funds
	
$
69,080
	
	
$
—
	
	
$
—
	
Short-term	investments:
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Corporate	debt	securities
	
$
—
	
	
$
9,311
	
	
$
—
	
Asset-backed	securities
	
$
—
	
	
$
2,000
	
	
$
—
	
Liabilities:
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Interest	rate	swaps
	
$
—
	
	
$
11,544
	
	
$
—
	
Contingent	consideration
	
$
—
	
	
$
—
	
	
$
123,008
	
	
The	Company	classified	its	money	market	funds	within	Level	1	because	their	fair	values	are	based	on	their	quoted	market	prices.	The	Company	classified	its	corporate	debt	securities,	asset-backed	securities,	capped	call	options,
interest	rate	swaps	and	convertible	senior	note	conversion	features	within	Level	2	because	their	fair	values	are	determined	using	alternative	pricing	sources	or	models	that	utilized	market	observable	inputs,	including	interest	rates,	share	prices
and	volatilities	and	default	rates.	The	Company	classified	its	contingent	consideration	within	Level	3	because	its	fair	value	is	determined	using	unobservable	probability	estimates	and	unobservable	estimated	discount	rates	applicable	to	the
acquisition.	During	the	years	ended	December	31,	2016,	2015	and	2014,	there	were	no	transfers	between	the	levels	of	the	fair	value	hierarchy.
The	contingent	consideration	is	dependent	on	the	achievement	of	the	specified	production	milestones	by	the	acquired	business,	Silevo.	The	Company	determined	the	fair	value	of	the	contingent	consideration	using	a	probability-
weighted	expected	return	methodology	that	considers	the	timing	and	probabilities	of	achieving	these	milestones	and	uses	discount	rates	that	reflect	the	appropriate	cost	of	capital.	The	Company	reassesses	the	valuation	assumptions	each
reporting	period,	with	any	changes	in	the	fair	value	accounted	for	in	the	consolidated	statements	of	operations.	The	fair	value	of	the	contingent	consideration	is	directly	proportional	to	the	estimated	probabilities	of	achieving	these	milestones.
As	of	March	31,	2016,	the	Company	determined	that	the	first	milestone	was	achieved	and	adjusted	the	accrued	contingent	consideration	balance	associated	with	the	first	milestone	to	the	full	amount	payable	of	$48.3	million.	On	May	5,
2016,	the	Company	issued	1.6	million	shares	of	its	common	stock,	valued	at	$34.2	million	based	on	its	stock	price	on	the	issuance	date,	to	settle	the	liability.	Accordingly,	the	Company	recognized	a	gain	of	$14.1	million	upon	the	settlement	of	the
liability	associated	with	the	first	milestone,	which	is	included	as	an	offset	to	general	and	administrative	expense.
As	of	December	31,	2016,	the	Company	determined	that	the	two	remaining	milestones	will	not	be	achieved	by	Silevo.	As	a	result,	the	Company	changed	the	estimated	probabilities	and	adjusted	the	accrued	contingent	consideration
balance	to	$0,	for	the	two	remaining	milestones.	Accordingly,	the	Company	recognized	a	gain	of	$84.0	million,	which	is	included	as	an	offset	to	general	and	administrative	expense.
	SolarCity	Corporation
Notes	to	Consolidated	Financial	Statements	(continued)
	
As	of	December	31,	2015,	the	estimated	probabilities	ranged	from	90%	to	95%,	the	estimated	discount	rates	ranged	from	5%	to	7%,	$42.9	million	was	included	under	accrued	and	other	current	liabilities	on	the	consolidated	balance
sheets	and	$80.1	million	was	included	under	other	liabilities	and	deferred	credits	on	the	consolidated	balance	sheets.
The	following	table	summarizes	the	activity	of	the	Level	3	contingent	consideration	balance	in	the	years	ended	December	31,	2016,	2015	and	2014	(in	thousands):
	
Balance	at	January	1,	2015
	
$
117,197
	
Change	in	fair	value
	
	
5,811
	
Balance	at	December	31,	2015
	
	
123,008
	
Settlement	of	liability
	
	
(34,170
)
Change	in	fair	value
	
	
(88,838
)
Balance	at	December	31,	2016
	
$
—
	
The	Company’s	financial	instruments	that	are	not	carried	at	fair	value	include	accounts	receivable,	customer	notes	receivable,	rebates	receivable,	accounts	payable,	customer	deposits,	distributions	payable	to	noncontrolling	interests
and	redeemable	noncontrolling	interests,	the	participation	interest,	solar	asset-backed	notes,	solar	loan-backed	notes,	convertible	senior	notes,	Solar	Bonds	and	long-term	debt.	The	carrying	values	of	these	financial	instruments	other	than
customer	notes	receivable,	the	participation	interest,	solar	asset-backed	notes,	solar	loan-backed	notes,	convertible	senior	notes,	Solar	Bonds	and	long-term	debt	approximated	their	fair	values	due	to	the	fact	that	they	were	short-term	in	nature
as	of	December	31,	2016	and	2015	and	2014.
The	Company	estimates	the	fair	value	of	convertible	senior	notes	based	on	their	last	actively	traded	prices	(Level	1)	or	market-observable	inputs	(Level	2).	The	Company	estimates	the	fair	value	of	customer	notes	receivable,	the
participation	interest,	solar	asset-backed	notes,	solar	loan-backed	notes,	Solar	Bonds	and	long-term	debt	based	on	rates	currently	offered	for	instruments	with	similar	maturities	and	terms	(Level	3).	The	following	table	presents	their	estimated
fair	values	and	their	carrying	values	(in	thousands):
	
	
	
December	31,	2016
	
	
December	31,	2015
	
	
	
Carrying
	
Value
	
	
Fair	Value
	
	
Carrying	Value
	
	
Fair	Value
	
Participation	interest
	
$
16,713
	
	
$
15,025
	
	
$
15,919
	
	
$
14,525
	
Solar	asset-backed	notes
	
$
438,002
	
	
$
428,551
	
	
$
409,531
	
	
$
432,797
	
Solar	loan-backed	notes
	
$
130,831
	
	
$
132,129
	
	
$
—
	
	
$
—
	
Convertible	senior	notes
	
$
884,863
	
	
$
773,100
	
	
$
894,560
	
	
$
842,752
	
MyPower	customer	notes	receivable
	
$
523,944
	
	
$
513,002
	
	
$
493,510
	
	
$
493,510
	
Long-term	debt
	
$
1,710,014
	
	
$
1,728,670
	
	
$
1,186,643
	
	
$
1,186,643
	
Solar	bonds
	
$
331,861
	
	
$
330,530
	
	
$
214,087
	
	
$
214,087
	
Goodwill
Goodwill	represents	the	difference	between	the	purchase	price	and	the	aggregate	fair	value	of	the	identifiable	assets	acquired	and	the	liabilities	assumed	in	a	business	combination.	The	Company	assesses	goodwill	impairment	annually
in	the	fourth	quarter	and	whenever	events	or	changes	in	circumstances	indicate	that	the	carrying	value	of	goodwill	may	exceed	its	fair	value	at	the	consolidated-level,	which	is	the	sole	reporting	unit.	When	assessing	goodwill	for	impairment,	the
Company	considers	its	market	value	adjusted	for	a	control	premium	and,	if	necessary,	the	Company’s	discounted	cash	flow	model,	which	involves	significant	assumptions	and	estimates,	including	the	Company’s	future	financial	performance,
weighted-average	cost	of	capital	and	interpretation	of	currently	enacted	tax	laws.	Circumstances	that	could	indicate	impairment	and	require	the	Company	to	perform	an	impairment	test	include	a	significant	decline	in	the	Company’s	financial
results,	a	significant	decline	in	the	Company’s	market	value	relative	to	its	net	book	value,	an	unanticipated	change	in	competition	or	the	Company’s	market	share	and	a	significant	change	in	the	Company’s	strategic	plans.
Inventories
Inventories	include	raw	materials	that	include	silicon	wafers,	process	gasses,	chemicals	and	other	consumables	used	in	solar	cell	production,	solar	cells,	photovoltaic	panels,	inverters,	mounting	hardware	and	miscellaneous	electrical
components.	Inventories	also	include	work	in	process	that	includes	raw	materials	partially	installed	and	direct	and	indirect	capitalized	installation	costs.	Raw	materials	and	work	in	process	are	stated	at	the	lower	of	cost	or	market	(on	a	first-in-
first-out	basis).	Work	in	process	primarily	relates	to	solar	energy	systems	that	will	be	sold	to	customers,	which	are	under	construction	and	have	yet	to	pass	inspection.
	SolarCity	Corporation
Notes	to	Consolidated	Financial	Statements	(continued)
	
The	Company	also	evaluates	its	inventory	reserves	on	a	quarterly	basis	and	writes	down	the	value	of	inventories	for	estimated	excess	and	obsolete	inventories	based	upon	assumptions	about	future	demand	and	market	conditions.
Solar	Energy	Systems,	Leased	and	To	Be	Leased
The	Company	is	the	operating	lessor	of	the	solar	energy	systems	under	leases	that	qualify	as	operating	leases.	The	Company	accounts	for	the	leases	in	accordance	with	ASC	840,	
Leases
.	To	determine	lease	classification,	the	Company
evaluates	lease	terms	to	determine	whether	there	is	a	transfer	of	ownership	or	bargain	purchase	option	at	the	end	of	the	lease,	whether	the	lease	term	is	greater	than	75%	of	the	useful	life,	or	whether	the	present	value	of	minimum	lease
payments	exceed	90%	of	the	fair	value	at	lease	inception.	The	Company	utilizes	periodic	appraisals	to	estimate	useful	life	and	fair	values	at	lease	inception,	and	residual	values	at	lease	termination.	Solar	energy	systems	are	stated	at	cost,	less
accumulated	depreciation.
As	of	July	1,	2016,	Management	increased	its	estimate	of	the	useful	lives	of	new	solar	energy	systems	from	30	years	to	35	years.	This	change-in-estimate	was	the	result	of	new	engineering	studies	of	recently	deployed	solar	energy
systems	across	the	industry.	The	Company	applied	this	change-in-estimate	on	a	prospective	basis	to	solar	energy	systems	placed	in	service	on	or	after	July	1,	2016.
Depreciation	and	amortization	is	calculated	using	the	straight-line	method	over	the	estimated	useful	lives	of	the	respective	assets	as	follows.
	
	
	
Useful	Lives
Solar	energy	systems	leased	to	customers
	
30	to	35	years
Initial	direct	costs	related	to	customer	solar	energy
			system	lease	acquisition	costs
	
Lease	term
(10	to	20	years)
	
Solar	energy	systems	held	for	lease	to	customers	are	installed	systems	pending	interconnection	with	the	respective	utility	companies	and	will	be	depreciated	as	solar	energy	systems	leased	to	customers	when	the	respective	systems
have	been	interconnected	and	placed	in	service.	Solar	energy	systems	under	construction	represents	systems	that	are	under	installation,	which	will	be	depreciated	as	solar	energy	systems	leased	to	customers	when	the	respective	systems	are
completed,	interconnected	and	subsequently	leased	to	customers.	Initial	direct	costs	related	to	customer	solar	energy	system	lease	acquisition	costs	are	capitalized	and	amortized	over	the	term	of	the	related	customer	lease	agreements.
Presentation	of	Cash	Flows	Associated	with	Solar	Energy	Systems
The	Company	classifies	cash	flows	associated	with	solar	energy	systems	in	accordance	with	ASC	230,	
Statement	of	Cash	Flows.	
The	Company	determines	the	appropriate	classification	of	cash	payments	related	to	solar	energy	systems
depending	on	the	activity	that	is	likely	to	be	the	predominant	source	of	cash	flows	for	the	item	being	paid	for.	Accordingly,	the	Company	presents	payments	made	in	a	period	for	costs	incurred	to	install	solar	energy	systems	that	will	be	leased	to
customers,	including	the	payments	for	cost	of	the	inventory	that	is	utilized	in	such	systems,	as	investing	activities	in	the	consolidated	statement	of	cash	flows.	Payments	made	for	inventory	that	will	be	utilized	for	solar	energy	systems	that	will	be
sold	to	customers	are	presented	as	cash	flows	from	operations	in	the	consolidated	statement	of	cash	flows.
Property,	Plant	and	Equipment
Property,	plant	and	equipment,	including	leasehold	improvements,	are	stated	at	cost,	less	accumulated	depreciation	and	amortization.	Depreciation	and	amortization	is	calculated	using	the	straight-line	method	over	the	estimated
useful	lives	of	the	respective	assets	as	follows.
	
	
	
Useful	Lives
Furniture	and	fixtures
	
3-7	years
Vehicles
	
5	years
Computer	hardware	and	software
	
3-10	years
Manufacturing	&	lab	equipment
	
2	to	3	years
Buildings
	
20	years
Land	use	rights
	
50	years
	
	SolarCity	Corporation
Notes	to	Consolidated	Financial	Statements	(continued)
	
Leasehold	improvements	are	amortized	over	the	shorter	of	the	lease	term	or	their	estimated	useful	lives,	currently	seven	years.	Repairs	and	maintenance	costs	are	expensed	as	incurred.	Upon	disposition,	the	cost	and	related
accumulated	depreciation	of	the	assets	are	removed	from	property,	plant	and	equipment	and	the	resulting	gain	or	loss	is	reflected	in	the	consolidated	statements	of	operations.
Long-Lived	Assets
The	Company’s	long-lived	assets	include	property,	plant	and	equipment,	solar	energy	systems,	leased	and	to	be	leased,	and	intangible	assets	acquired	through	business	combinations.	Furthermore,	the	Company	is	deemed	to	be	the
owner,	for	accounting	purposes,	during	the	construction	phase	of	certain	long-lived	assets	under	build-to-suit	lease	arrangements	because	of	its	involvement	with	the	construction,	its	exposure	to	any	potential	cost	overruns	and	its	other
commitments	under	the	arrangements.	In	these	cases,	the	Company	recognizes	a	build-to-suit	lease	asset	under	construction	and	a	corresponding	build-to-suit	lease	liability	on	the	consolidated	balance	sheets.
In	accordance	with	ASC	360,	
Property,	Plant,	and	Equipment
,	the	Company	evaluates	long-lived	assets	for	impairment	whenever	events	or	changes	in	circumstances	indicate	that	the	carrying	value	of	a	long-lived	asset,	or	group	of
assets,	as	appropriate,	may	not	be	recoverable.	If	the	aggregate	undiscounted	future	net	cash	flows	expected	to	result	from	the	use	and	the	eventual	disposition	of	a	long-lived	asset	is	less	than	its	carrying	value,	then	the	Company	would
recognize	an	impairment	loss	based	on	the	discounted	future	net	cash	flows.
Capitalization	of	Software	Costs
For	costs	incurred	in	development	of	internal	use	software,	the	Company	capitalizes	costs	incurred	during	the	application	development	stage.	Costs	related	to	preliminary	project	activities	and	post	implementation	activities	are
expensed	as	incurred.	Internal-use	software	is	amortized	on	a	straight-line	basis	over	its	estimated	useful	life	of	five	to	10	years.	The	Company	evaluates	the	useful	lives	of	these	assets	on	an	annual	basis	and	tests	for	impairment	whenever	events
or	changes	in	circumstances	occur	that	could	impact	the	recoverability	of	these	assets.
Warranties
The	Company	provides	a	warranty	on	the	installation	and	components	of	the	solar	energy	systems	it	sells,	including	solar	energy	systems	sold	under	Solar	Loans	and	previously	under	MyPower,	for	periods	typically	between	10	to
30	years.	The	manufacturer’s	warranty	on	the	solar	energy	systems’	components,	which	is	typically	passed-through	to	customers,	ranges	from	one	to	30	years.	However,	for	the	solar	energy	systems	under	lease	contracts	or	power	purchase
agreements,	the	Company	does	not	accrue	a	warranty	liability	because	those	systems	are	owned	by	consolidated	subsidiaries	of	the	Company.	Instead,	any	repair	costs	on	those	solar	energy	systems	are	expensed	when	they	are	incurred	as	a
component	of	operating	leases	and	solar	energy	systems	incentives	cost	of	revenue.	The	changes	in	the	accrued	warranty	balance,	recorded	as	a	component	of	accrued	and	other	current	liabilities	on	the	consolidated	balance	sheets,	consisted	of
the	following	(in	thousands):
	
	
	
As
	
of
	
and
	
for
	
the
	
	
	
Year	Ended
	
	
	
December	31,
	
	
	
2016
	
	
2015
	
Balance	-	beginning	of	the	period
	
$
22,993
	
	
$
8,607
	
Increase	in	liability	(including	$3,807	and	$16,983	as	of
			December	31,	2016	and	December	31,	2015	related	to
			MyPower	contracts)
	
	
8,425
	
	
	
18,929
	
Change	in	estimate
	
	
1,587
	
	
	
(4,282
)
Less	warranty	claims
	
	
(314
)
	
	
(261
)
Balance	-	end	of	the	period
	
$
32,691
	
	
$
22,993
	
	SolarCity	Corporation
Notes	to	Consolidated	Financial	Statements	(continued)
	
Solar	Energy	Systems	Performance	Guarantees
The	Company	guarantees	certain	specified	minimum	solar	energy	production	output	for	certain	systems	leased	or	sold	to	customers	generally	for	a	term	of	up	to	30	years.	The	Company	monitors	the	solar	energy	systems	to	ensure	that
these	outputs	are	being	achieved.	The	Company	evaluates	if	any	amounts	are	due	to	its	customers	and	makes	any	payments	periodically	as	specified	in	the	customer	contracts.	As	of	December	31,	2016	and	2015,	the	Company	had	recorded
liabilities	of	$6.6	million	and	$3.1	million,	respectively,	under	accrued	and	other	current	liabilities	in	the	consolidated	balance	sheets,	relating	to	these	guarantees	based	on	the	Company’s	assessment	of	its	current	exposure.
Deferred	U.S.	Treasury	Grants	Income
The	Company	is	eligible	for	U.S.	Treasury	grants	received	or	receivable	on	eligible	property	as	defined	under	Section	1603	of	the	American	Recovery	and	Reinvestment	Act	of	2009,	as	amended	by	the	Tax	Relief	Unemployment
Insurance	Reauthorization	and	Job	Creation	Act	of	December	2010,	which	includes	solar	energy	system	installations,	upon	approval	by	the	U.S.	Treasury	Department.	However,	to	be	eligible	for	U.S.	Treasury	grants,	a	solar	energy	system	must
have	commenced	construction	in	2011	either	physically	or	through	the	incurrence	of	sufficient	project	costs.	For	solar	energy	systems	under	lease	pass-through	fund	arrangements,	as	described	in	Note	14,	
Lease	Pass-Through	Financing
Obligation
,	the	Company	reduces	the	financing	obligation	and	records	deferred	income	for	the	U.S.	Treasury	grants	which	are	paid	directly	to	the	investors	upon	receipt	of	the	grants	by	the	investors.	The	benefit	of	the	U.S.	Treasury	grants	is
recorded	as	deferred	income	and	is	amortized	on	a	straight-line	basis	over	the	estimated	useful	lives	of	the	related	solar	energy	systems	of	30	years.	The	amortization	of	the	deferred	income	is	recorded	as	a	reduction	to	depreciation	expense,
which	is	a	component	of	the	cost	of	revenue	of	operating	leases	and	solar	energy	systems	incentives	in	the	consolidated	statements	of	operations.	A	catch-up	adjustment	is	recorded	in	the	period	in	which	the	grant	is	approved	by	the	U.S.
Treasury	Department	or	received	by	lease	pass-through	investors	to	recognize	the	portion	of	the	grant	that	matches	proportionally	the	amortization	for	the	period	between	the	date	of	placement	in	service	of	the	solar	energy	systems	and	approval
by	the	U.S.	Treasury	Department	or	receipt	by	lease	pass-through	investors	of	the	associated	grant.	The	changes	in	deferred	U.S.	Treasury	grants	income	were	as	follows	(in	thousands):
	
Balance	at	January	1,	2014
	
$
427,809
	
U.S.	Treasury	grants	received	and	receivable
	
	
342
	
Amortized	as	a	credit	to	depreciation	expense
	
	
(15,335
)
Balance	at	December	31,	2014
	
	
412,816
	
U.S.	Treasury	grants	received	and	receivable
	
	
144
	
Amortized	as	a	credit	to	depreciation	expense
	
	
(15,341
)
Balance	at	December	31,	2015
	
	
397,619
	
True-up	of	U.S	Treasury	grants	previously	received
			and	receivable
	
	
(29,554
)
Amortized	as	a	credit	to	depreciation	expense
	
	
(10,453
)
Balance	at	December	31,	2016
	
$
357,612
	
Of	the	balance	outstanding	as	of	December	31,	2016	and	2015,	$343.3	million	and	$382.3	million,	respectively,	are	classified	as	non-current	deferred	U.S.	Treasury	grants	income	in	the	consolidated	balance	sheets.
Deferred	Investment	Tax	Credits	Revenue
The	Company’s	solar	energy	systems	are	eligible	for	investment	tax	credits,	or	ITCs,	that	accrue	to	eligible	property	under	the	Internal	Revenue	Code	of	1986,	as	amended,	or	IRC.	Under	Section	50(d)(5)	of	the	IRC	and	the	related
regulations,	a	lessor	of	qualifying	property	may	elect	to	treat	the	lessee	as	the	owner	of	such	property	for	the	purposes	of	claiming	government	ITCs	associated	with	such	property.	These	regulations	enable	the	ITCs	to	be	separated	from	the
ownership	of	the	property	and	allow	the	transfer	of	these	ITCs.	Under	the	lease	pass-through	fund	arrangements,	the	Company	can	make	a	tax	election	to	pass	through	the	ITCs	to	the	fund	investor,	who	is	the	legal	lessee	of	the	property.	The
Company	is	therefore	able	to	monetize	the	ITCs	to	investors	who	can	utilize	them	in	return	for	cash	payments.	The	Company	considers	the	monetization	of	ITCs	to	constitute	one	of	the	key	elements	of	realizing	the	value	associated	with	solar
energy	systems.	The	Company	therefore	views	the	proceeds	from	the	monetization	of	ITCs	to	be	a	component	of	revenue	generated	from	the	solar	energy	systems.
For	the	lease	pass-through	fund	arrangements,	the	Company	allocates	a	portion	of	the	aggregate	payments	received	from	the	investor	to	the	estimated	fair	value	of	the	assigned	ITCs	and	the	balance	to	the	future	customer	lease
payments	that	are	also	assigned
	SolarCity	Corporation
Notes	to	Consolidated	Financial	Statements	(continued)
	
to	the	investors.	The	estimated	fair	value	of	the	ITCs	are	determined	by	discounting	the	estimated	cash	flow	impact	of	the	ITCs	using	an	appropriate	discount	rate	that	reflects	a	market	interest	rate.
The	Company	recognizes	the	revenue	associated	with	the	monetization	of	ITCs	in	accordance	with	ASC	605-10-S99,	
Revenue	Recognition-Overall-SEC	Materials
.	The	revenue	associated	with	the	monetization	of	the	ITCs	is	recognized	when
(1)	persuasive	evidence	of	an	arrangement	exists,	(2)	delivery	has	occurred	or	services	have	been	rendered,	(3)	the	sales	price	is	fixed	or	determinable	and	(4)	collection	of	the	related	receivable	is	reasonably	assured.	The	ITCs	are	subject	to
recapture	under	the	IRC	if	the	underlying	solar	energy	system	either	ceases	to	be	a	qualifying	property	or	undergoes	a	change	in	ownership	within	five	years	of	its	placed	in	service	date.	The	recapture	amount	decreases	on	the	anniversary	of	the
placed	in	service	date.	As	the	Company	has	an	obligation	to	ensure	the	solar	energy	system	is	in	service	and	operational	for	a	term	of	five	years	to	avoid	any	recapture	of	the	ITCs,	the	Company	recognizes	revenue	as	the	recapture	provisions	lapse
assuming	the	other	aforementioned	revenue	recognition	criteria	have	been	met.	The	monetized	ITCs	are	initially	recorded	as	deferred	revenue	on	the	consolidated	balance	sheet,	and	subsequently,	one-fifth	of	the	monetized	ITCs	is	recognized	as
revenue	from	operating	leases	and	solar	energy	systems	incentives	in	the	consolidated	statement	of	operations	on	each	anniversary	of	the	solar	energy	system’s	placed	in	service	date	over	the	next	five	years.
The	Company	guarantees	its	financing	fund	investors	that	in	the	event	of	a	subsequent	recapture	of	the	ITCs	by	the	taxing	authority	due	to	the	Company’s	non-compliance	with	the	applicable	ITC	guidelines,	the	Company	will
compensate	the	investor	for	any	recaptured	credits.	The	Company	has	concluded	that	the	likelihood	of	a	recapture	event	is	remote	and	consequently	has	not	recorded	any	liability	in	the	consolidated	financial	statements	for	any	potential
recapture	exposure.
Current	deferred	investment	tax	credits	revenue,	which	is	included	as	a	part	of	current	portion	of	deferred	revenue	in	the	consolidated	balance	sheets,	as	of	December	31,	2016	and	2015	was	$66.7	million	and	$51.8	million,
respectively.	Non-current	deferred	investment	tax	credits	revenue,	which	is	included	as	a	part	of	deferred	revenue,	net	of	current	portion,	in	the	consolidated	balance	sheets,	as	of	December	31,	2016	and	2015	was	$138.3	million	and
$130.8	million,	respectively.	For	the	years	ended	December	31,	2016,	2015	and	2014,	the	Company	recognized	$51.8	million,	$47.9	million	and	$28.2	million,	respectively,	of	revenue	related	to	the	monetization	of	ITCs,	which	is	included	in
operating	leases	and	solar	energy	systems	incentives	revenue	in	the	consolidated	statements	of	operations.
Deferred	Revenue
The	Company	records	as	deferred	revenue	any	amounts	that	are	collected	from	customers,	including	lease	prepayments,	in	excess	of	revenue	recognized.	Deferred	revenue	also	includes	the	portion	of	rebates	and	incentives	received
from	utility	companies	and	various	local	and	state	government	agencies,	which	are	recognized	as	revenue	over	the	lease	term,	as	well	as	the	remote	monitoring	fee	(discussed	below),	which	is	recognized	as	revenue	ratably	over	the	respective
customer	contract	term.	As	of	December	31,	2016	and	2015,	deferred	revenue	related	to	customer	payments,	which	is	included	in	the	deferred	revenue	balances	on	the	consolidated	balance	sheets,	amounted	to	$316.6	million	and	$289.3	million,
respectively.	As	of	December	31,	2016	and	2015,	deferred	revenue	from	rebates	and	incentives,	which	is	included	in	the	deferred	revenue	balances	on	the	consolidated	balance	sheets,	amounted	to	$203.5	million	and	$186.1	million,	respectively.
In	addition,	under	MyPower	customer	contracts	(discussed	below),	all	initial	revenue	associated	with	financed	sales	of	solar	energy	systems	are	also	recorded	as	a	component	of	the	deferred	revenue	balances	on	the	consolidated	balance	sheets.
As	of	December	31,	2016	and	2015,	current	deferred	revenue	from	MyPower	contracts,	which	is	included	in	current	portion	of	deferred	revenue	in	the	consolidated	balance	sheets,	amounted	to	$6.0	million	and	$4.6	million,	respectively.	As	of
December	31,	2016	and	2015,	non-current	deferred	revenue	from	MyPower	contracts,	which	is	included	in	deferred	revenue,	net	of	current	portion,	in	the	consolidated	balance	sheets,	amounted	to	$473.8	million	and	$448.2	million,	respectively.
As	of	December	31,	2016	and	2015,	current	portion	of	deferred	revenue	included	$6.3	million	and	$2.8	million,	respectively,	related	to	accrued	interest	on	MyPower	customer	notes	receivable.
Revenue	Recognition
The	Company’s	customers	purchase	solar	energy	systems	from	the	Company	under	fixed-price	contracts	or	lease	Company-owned	solar	energy	systems	that	also	include	remote	monitoring	services.	A	residential	customer	that
purchases	a	solar	energy	system	has	the	option	to	pay	the	full	purchase	price	for	the	system	at	the	time	of	purchase.	Beginning	in	the	second	quarter	of	2016,	qualified	customers	can	finance	the	purchase	through	up	to	a	20-year	loan	directly
from	third-party	lenders	under	the	Solar	Loan	program	(under	which	the	Company	is	not	a	party	to	the	loan	agreement	between	the	customer	and	the	third-party	lender,	and	the	third-party	lender	has	no	recourse	against	the	Company	with
respect	to	the	loan).	Prior	to	the	third	quarter	of	2016,	customers	could	finance	the	purchase	through	a	30-year	loan	from	a	wholly	owned	subsidiary	of	the	Company	under	the	MyPower	program,	which	is	no	longer	being	offered.	The	Company
also	earns	incentives	that	have	been	assigned	to	the	Company	by	its	customers,	where	available	from	utility	companies	and	state	and	local	governments.
	SolarCity	Corporation
Notes	to	Consolidated	Financial	Statements	(continued)
	
Operating	Leases	and	Power	Purchase	Agreements
The	Company	is	the	lessor	under	lease	agreements	for	solar	energy	systems,	which	are	accounted	for	as	operating	leases	in	accordance	with	ASC	840.	The	Company	records	operating	lease	revenue	from	minimum	lease	payments,
including	upfront	rebates	and	incentives	earned	from	such	systems,	on	a	straight-line	basis	over	the	life	of	the	lease	term,	assuming	all	other	revenue	recognition	criteria	are	met.	For	incentives	that	are	earned	based	on	the	amount	of	electricity
generated	by	the	system,	the	Company	records	revenue	as	the	amounts	are	earned.	The	difference	between	the	payments	received	and	the	revenue	recognized	is	recorded	as	deferred	revenue	on	the	consolidated	balance	sheet.
For	solar	energy	systems	where	customers	purchase	electricity	from	the	Company	under	power	purchase	agreements,	the	Company	has	determined	that	these	agreements	should	be	accounted	for,	in	substance,	as	operating	leases
pursuant	to	ASC	840.	Revenue	is	recognized	based	on	the	amount	of	electricity	delivered	at	rates	specified	under	the	contracts,	assuming	all	other	revenue	recognition	criteria	are	met.
The	portion	of	rebates	and	incentives	recognized	within	operating	leases	and	solar	energy	systems	incentives	revenue	for	the	years	ended	December	31,	2016,	2015	and	2014	was	$37.1	million,	$34.3	million	and	$33.4	million,
respectively.
Solar	Energy	Systems	and	Components	Sales
For	solar	energy	systems	and	components	sales	wherein	customers	pay	the	full	purchase	price,	either	directly	or	through	the	Solar	Loan	program,	upon	the	delivery	of	the	system,	the	Company	recognizes	revenue,	net	of	any
applicable	governmental	sales	taxes,	in	accordance	with	ASC	605-25
,	Revenue	Recognition—Multiple-Element	Arrangements
,	and	ASC	605-10-S99
,	Revenue	Recognition—Overall—SEC	Materials
.	Revenue	is	recognized	when	(1)	persuasive
evidence	of	an	arrangement	exists,	(2)	delivery	has	occurred	or	services	have	been	rendered,	(3)	the	sales	price	is	fixed	or	determinable	and	(4)	collection	of	the	related	receivable	is	reasonably	assured.	Components	are	comprised	of	photovoltaic
panels	and	solar	energy	system	mounting	hardware.	In	instances	where	there	are	multiple	deliverables	in	a	single	arrangement,	the	Company	allocates	the	arrangement	consideration	to	the	various	elements	in	the	arrangement	based	on	the
relative	selling	price	method.	The	Company	recognizes	revenue	when	it	installs	a	solar	energy	system	and	the	solar	energy	system	passes	inspection	by	the	utility	or	the	authority	having	jurisdiction,	provided	all	other	revenue	recognition	criteria
have	been	met.	Costs	incurred	on	residential	installations	before	the	solar	energy	systems	are	completed	are	included	in	inventories	as	work	in	progress	in	the	consolidated	balance	sheets.	However,	any	fees	that	are	paid	or	payable	by	the
Company	to	a	Solar	Loan	lender	would	be	recognized	as	an	offset	against	solar	energy	systems	and	components	sales	revenue,	in	accordance	with	ASC	605-50,	
Customer	Payments	and	Incentives
.
The	Company	recognizes	revenue	for	solar	energy	systems	constructed	for	certain	commercial	customers	according	to	ASC	605-35,	
Revenue	Recognition—Construction-Type	and	Production	Type	Contracts
.	Revenue	is	recognized	on	a
percentage-of-completion	basis,	based	on	the	ratio	of	labor	costs	incurred	to	date	to	total	projected	labor	costs.	Provisions	are	made	for	the	full	amount	of	any	anticipated	losses	on	a	contract-by-contract	basis.	The	Company	recognized
$7.5	million,	$8.0	million	and	$2.1	million	of	total	losses	for	these	types	of	contracts	for	the	years	ended	December	31,	2016,	2015	and	2014,	respectively.	Costs	in	excess	of	billings	are	recorded	where	costs	recognized	are	in	excess	of	amounts
billed	to	customers	of	purchased	commercial	solar	energy	systems.	Costs	in	excess	of	billings	as	of	December	31,	2016	and	2015	were	$0.5	million	and	$0.2	million,	respectively,	and	are	included	in	prepaid	expenses	and	other	current	assets	in
the	consolidated	balance	sheets.	Billings	in	excess	of	costs	as	of	December	31,	2016	and	2015	were	$0.1	million	and	$0.5	million,	respectively,	and	are	included	in	deferred	revenue	in	the	consolidated	balance	sheets.
For	solar	energy	systems	previously	sold	under	a	MyPower	contract,	the	Company	has	determined	that	the	arrangement	consideration	is	not	currently	fixed	or	determinable.	In	making	this	determination,	the	Company	considered	that
(i)	the	MyPower	arrangement	is	unique	and	the	Company	does	not	have	company-specific	or	market	history	for	similar	financing	arrangements	with	similar	asset	classes	over	an	extended	term;	(ii)	customer	preferences	and	satisfaction	during
the	life	of	these	long-term	contracts,	including	as	a	result	of	technological	advances	in	solar	energy	systems	over	time,	may	change,	and	the	Company	may	be	incented	to	offer	future	inducements	or	concessions	to	ensure	customers	remain
satisfied	during	the	life	of	these	long-term	contracts;	and	(iii)	possible	future	decreases	in	the	retail	prices	of	electricity	from	utilities	or	from	other	renewable	energy	sources	that	may	make	the	purchase	of	the	solar	energy	systems	less
economically	attractive	and	may	cause	the	Company	to	amend	the	terms	of	its	contracts	to	ensure	continued	performance	and	to	remain	competitive.	Accordingly,	the	Company	initially	defers	the	revenue	associated	with	the	sale	of	a	solar	energy
system	under	a	MyPower	contract	when	it	delivers	the	system	that	has	passed	inspection	by	the	utility	or	the	authority	having	jurisdiction.	In	instances	where	there	are	multiple	deliverables	in	a	single	MyPower	contract,	the	Company	allocates
the	arrangement	consideration	to	the	various	elements	in	the	contract	based	on	the	relative	selling	price	method.	The	Company	subsequently	recognizes	revenue	for	the	system	over	the	term	of	the	contract	as	cash	payments	are	received	for	the
loan’s	outstanding	principal	and	interest.	The	deferred	revenue	is	included	in	the	consolidated	balance	sheets	under	current	portion	of	deferred	revenue
	SolarCity	Corporation
Notes	to	Consolidated	Financial	Statements	(continued)
	
for	the	portion	expected	to	be	recognized	as	revenue	in	the	next	12	months,	and	the	non-current	portion	is	included	under	deferred	revenue,	net	of	current	portion.	The	Company	records	a	note	receivable	when	the	customer	secures	the	loan
from	a	subsidiary	of	the	Company	to	finance	the	purchase	of	the	solar	energy	system.
MyPower	deferred	revenue	activity	was	as	follows	(in	thousands):
	
	
	
As
	
of
	
and
	
for
	
the
	
	
	
Year	Ended
	
	
	
December	31,
	
	
	
2016
	
	
2015
	
Balance	-	beginning	of	the	period
	
$
452,797
	
	
$
33,651
	
MyPower	systems	delivered	under	executed	contracts
	
	
104,761
	
	
	
442,567
	
MyPower	revenue	recognized	within	solar	energy
				systems	and	components	sales	revenue
	
	
(77,680
)
	
	
(23,421
)
Balance	-	end	of	the	period
	
$
479,878
	
	
$
452,797
	
As	of	December	31,	2016	and	2015,	$6.0	million	and	$4.6	million,	respectively,	are	included	in	the	consolidated	balance	sheets	under	current	portion	of	deferred	revenue.	The	balances	in	the	table	above	do	not	include	amounts
allocated	to	remote	monitoring	services,	other	deliverables	or	sales	taxes.
Remote	Monitoring	Services
The	Company	provides	solar	energy	system	remote	monitoring	services,	which	are	generally	bundled	with	both	sales	and	leases	of	solar	energy	systems.	The	Company	allocates	revenue	between	remote	monitoring	services	and	the
other	elements	in	a	bundled	sale	of	a	solar	energy	system	using	the	relative	selling	price	method.	The	selling	prices	used	in	the	allocation	are	determined	by	reference	to	the	prices	charged	by	third-parties	for	similar	services	and	products	on	a
standalone	basis.	For	remote	monitoring	services	bundled	with	a	sale	of	a	solar	energy	system,	the	Company	recognizes	the	revenue	allocated	to	remote	monitoring	services	over	the	term	specified	in	the	associated	contract	or	over	the	warranty
period	of	the	solar	energy	system	if	the	contract	does	not	specify	the	term.	To	date,	remote	monitoring	services	revenue	has	not	been	material	and	is	included	in	the	consolidated	statements	of	operations	under	both	operating	leases	and	solar
energy	systems	incentives	revenue,	when	remote	monitoring	services	are	bundled	with	leases	of	solar	energy	systems,	and	solar	energy	system	sales	revenue.
Sale-Leaseback
The	Company	is	party	to	master	lease	agreements	that	provide	for	the	sale	of	solar	energy	systems	to	third-parties	and	the	simultaneous	leaseback	of	the	systems,	which	the	Company	then	subleases	to	customers.	In	sale-leaseback
arrangements,	the	Company	first	determines	whether	the	solar	energy	system	under	the	sale-leaseback	arrangement	is	“integral	equipment.”	A	solar	energy	system	is	determined	to	be	integral	equipment	when	the	cost	to	remove	the	system
from	its	existing	location,	including	the	shipping	and	reinstallation	costs	of	the	solar	energy	system	at	the	new	site,	including	any	diminution	in	fair	value,	exceeds	ten-percent	of	the	fair	value	of	the	solar	energy	system	at	the	time	of	its	original
installation.	When	the	leaseback	arrangements	expire,	the	Company	has	the	option	to	purchase	the	solar	energy	system,	and	in	most	cases,	the	lessor	has	the	option	to	sell	the	system	back	to	the	Company,	though	in	some	instances	the	lessor	can
only	sell	the	system	back	to	the	Company	prior	to	expiration	of	the	arrangement.
For	solar	energy	systems	that	the	Company	has	determined	to	be	integral	equipment,	the	Company	has	concluded	that	these	rights	create	a	continuing	involvement.	Therefore,	the	Company	uses	the	financing	method	to	account	for
the	sale-leaseback	of	such	solar	energy	systems.	Under	the	financing	method,	the	Company	does	not	recognize	as	revenue	any	of	the	sale	proceeds	received	from	the	lessor	that	contractually	constitutes	a	payment	to	acquire	the	solar	energy
system.	Instead,	the	Company	treats	any	such	sale	proceeds	received	as	financing	capital	to	install	and	deliver	the	solar	energy	system	and	accordingly	records	the	proceeds	as	a	sale-leaseback	financing	obligation	in	the	consolidated	balance
sheets.	The	Company	allocates	the	leaseback	payments	made	to	the	lessor	between	interest	expense	and	a	reduction	to	the	sale-leaseback	financing	obligation.	Interest	on	the	financing	obligation	is	calculated	using	the	Company’s	incremental
borrowing	rate	at	the	inception	of	the	arrangement	on	the	outstanding	financing	obligation.	The	Company	determines	its	incremental	borrowing	rate	by	reference	to	the	interest	rates	that	it	would	obtain	in	the	financial	markets	to	borrow
amounts	equal	to	the	sale-leaseback	financing	obligation	over	a	term	similar	to	the	master	lease	term.
For	solar	energy	systems	that	the	Company	has	determined	not	to	be	integral	equipment,	the	Company	determines	if	the	leaseback	is	classified	as	a	capital	lease	or	an	operating	lease.	For	leasebacks	classified	as	capital	leases,	the
Company	initially	records	a	capital	lease	asset	and	capital	lease	obligation	in	the	consolidated	balance	sheet	equal	to	the	lower	of	the	present	value	of	the	future
	SolarCity	Corporation
Notes	to	Consolidated	Financial	Statements	(continued)
	
minimum	leaseback	payments	or	the	fair	value	of	the	solar	energy	system.	For	capital	leasebacks,	the	Company	does	not	recognize	any	revenue	but	defers	the	gross	profit	comprising	of	the	net	of	the	revenue	and	the	associated	cost	of	sale.	For
leasebacks	classified	as	operating	leases,	the	Company	recognizes	a	portion	of	the	revenue	and	the	associated	cost	of	sale	and	defers	the	portion	of	revenue	and	cost	of	sale	that	represents	the	gross	profit	that	is	equal	to	the	present	value	of	the
future	minimum	lease	payments	over	the	master	leaseback	term.	For	both	capital	and	operating	leasebacks,	the	Company	records	the	deferred	gross	profit	in	the	consolidated	balance	sheet	as	deferred	income	and	amortizes	the	deferred	income
over	the	leaseback	term	as	a	reduction	to	the	leaseback	rental	expense	included	in	operating	leases	and	solar	energy	systems	incentives	cost	of	revenue	in	the	consolidated	statements	of	operations.
Solar	Renewable	Energy	Credits
The	Company	accounts	for	solar	renewable	energy	credits,	or	SRECs,	when	they	are	purchased	by	the	Company	or	sold	to	third-parties.	For	SRECs	generated	by	solar	energy	systems	owned	by	the	Company	and	minted	by	government
agencies,	the	Company	does	not	recognize	any	specifically	identifiable	costs	for	those	SRECs	as	there	are	no	specific	incremental	costs	incurred	to	generate	the	SRECs.	For	any	SRECs	purchased	by	the	Company,	the	Company	would	carry	these
SRECs	at	their	cost,	subject	to	impairment	testing.	The	Company	recognizes	revenue	from	the	sale	of	an	SREC	when	the	SREC	is	transferred	to	the	buyer,	and	the	cost	of	the	SREC,	if	any,	is	then	recorded	within	operating	leases	and	solar
energy	systems	incentives	cost	of	revenue.
Cost	of	Revenue
Operating	leases	and	solar	energy	systems	incentives	cost	of	revenue	is	primarily	comprised	of	depreciation	of	the	cost	of	leased	solar	energy	systems	reduced	by	amortization	of	U.S.	Treasury	grants	income,	maintenance	costs
associated	with	those	systems	and	amortization	of	initial	direct	lease	costs	associated	with	those	systems.	Initial	direct	lease	costs	are	customer	solar	energy	system	lease	acquisition	costs	(the	incremental	cost	of	contract	administration,	referral
fees	and	sales	commissions),	are	capitalized	as	an	element	of	solar	energy	systems,	leased	and	to	be	leased	–	net,	and	are	amortized	over	the	term	of	the	related	lease	or	power	purchase	agreement,	which	generally	ranges	from	10	to	25	years.
Refer	to	Note	7,	
Solar	Energy	Systems,	Leased	and	To	Be	Leased	–	Net
,	for	a	summary	of	initial	direct	lease	costs	related	to	customer	solar	energy	system	lease	acquisition	costs.
Solar	energy	systems	and	components	sales	cost	of	revenue	includes	direct	and	indirect	material	and	labor	costs,	warehouse	rent,	freight,	warranty	expense,	depreciation	on	vehicles	and	other	overhead	costs.	In	addition,	for	solar
energy	systems	and	components	sales	accounted	for	under	the	percentage-of-completion	method,	cost	of	revenue	includes	the	full	amount	of	any	anticipated	future	losses	on	a	contract-by-contract	basis.
Furthermore,	the	costs	associated	with	solar	energy	systems	previously	sold	under	MyPower	contracts,	including	the	costs	of	acquisition	of	system	components,	personnel	costs	associated	with	system	installations	and	costs	to
originate	the	contracts	such	as	sales	commissions,	referral	fees	and	some	incremental	contract	administration	costs,	are	initially	capitalized	as	deferred	costs.	Subsequently,	these	costs	are	recognized	as	a	component	of	cost	of	revenue	from
solar	energy	systems	and	components	sales	for	the	costs	associated	with	system	components	and	installations,	or	as	a	component	of	operating	expenses	for	costs	associated	with	contract	origination,	generally	in	proportion	to	the	reduction	of	the
MyPower	loans’	outstanding	principal	over	the	30-year	term.	The	deferred	costs	are	included	in	the	consolidated	balance	sheets	under	prepaid	expenses	and	other	current	assets	for	the	portion	expected	to	be	recognized	in	the	consolidated
statements	of	operations	in	the	next	12	months,	and	the	non-current	portion	is	included	as	a	component	of	other	assets.	However,	the	estimated	warranty	costs	associated	with	the	systems	are	fully	expensed	upon	the	delivery	of	the	systems.
	SolarCity	Corporation
Notes	to	Consolidated	Financial	Statements	(continued)
	
MyPower	deferred	costs	activity	was	as	follows	(in	thousands):
	
	
	
As
	
of
	
and
	
for
	
the
	
	
	
Year	Ended
	
	
	
December	31,
	
	
	
2016
	
	
2015
	
Balance	-	beginning	of	the	period
	
$
217,776
	
	
$
13,571
	
MyPower	systems	delivered	under	executed	contracts(1)
	
	
52,305
	
	
	
215,141
	
Recognized	in	cost	of	revenue	within	solar	energy	systems	and
			components	sales
	
	
(33,998
)
	
	
(10,490
)
Recognized	in	operating	expenses
	
	
(1,025
)
	
	
(446
)
Balance	-	end	of	the	period
	
$
235,058
	
	
$
217,776
	
(1)
Included	in	MyPower	systems	delivered	under	executed	contracts	was	$4.5	million	and	$27.2	million	of	MyPower	contract	origination	costs	incurred	in	the	years	ended	December	31,	2016	and	2015,	respectively.
As	of	December	31,	2016	and	2015,	$2.7	million	and	$2.1	million,	respectively,	are	included	in	the	consolidated	balance	sheets	under	prepaid	and	other	current	assets.
Advertising	Costs
Advertising	costs	are	expensed	as	incurred	and	are	included	as	an	element	of	sales	and	marketing	expense	in	the	consolidated	statements	of	operations.	The	Company	incurred	advertising	costs	of	$26.3	million,	$28.6	million	and
$3.4	million	for	the	years	ended	December	31,	2016,	2015	and	2014,	respectively.
Income	Taxes
The	Company	accounts	for	income	taxes	in	accordance	with	ASC	740,	Income	Taxes	(“ASC	740”).	Deferred	income	taxes	reflect	the	net	tax	effects	of	temporary	differences	between	the	carrying	amounts	of	assets	and	liabilities	for
financial	reporting	purposes	and	the	amounts	used	for	income	tax	purposes,	any	net	operating	loss,	or	NOL,	carryforwards	and	any	tax	credits,	measured	using	the	enacted	tax	rate	expected	to	apply	to	the	taxable	income	in	the	periods	in	which
the	differences	are	expected	to	be	reversed.	A	valuation	allowance	is	provided	when	necessary	to	reduce	net	deferred	tax	assets	to	an	amount	that	is	more	likely	than	not	to	be	realized.	The	Company	is	eligible	for	federal	ITCs	and	accounts	for
them	under	the	flow-through	method.	As	permitted	in	ASC	740-10-25-46,	under	the	flow-through	method,	the	tax	benefit	from	an	ITC	is	recorded	as	a	reduction	of	federal	income	taxes	in	the	period	that	the	ITC	is	generated.
The	Company	uses	a	two-step	approach	of	recognizing	and	measuring	uncertain	tax	positions.	The	Company	first	determines	whether	any	uncertain	tax	positions	are	more-likely-than-not	of	being	sustained	upon	tax	authority
examination,	including	the	resolution	of	any	related	appeals	or	litigation	processes,	based	on	the	technical	merits	of	the	positions.	Then,	the	Company	measures	the	tax	benefits	as	the	largest	amount	that	is	more	than	50%	likely	of	being	realized
upon	ultimate	settlement.
The	Company	includes	interest	and	penalties	related	to	any	unrecognized	tax	benefits	within	the	provision	for	taxes	in	the	consolidated	statements	of	operations.
The	Company	uses	the	“with	and	without”	approach	in	determining	the	order	in	which	tax	attributes	are	utilized.	As	a	result,	the	Company	only	recognizes	a	tax	benefit	from	stock-based	awards	in	additional	paid-in	capital	if	an
incremental	tax	benefit	is	realized	after	all	other	tax	attributes	currently	available	to	the	Company	have	been	utilized.
The	Company	is	included	in	the	consolidated	return	of	Tesla	for	the	period	from	acquisition,	November	21,	2016	to	December	31,	2016.		For	purposes	of	the	Company’s	financial	statements,	income	tax	expense	has	been	computed
under	the	separate	return	method	pursuant	to	the	provisions	of	ASC	740-10-30-27,	Allocation	of	Consolidated	Tax	Expense	to	Separate	Financial	Statements	of	Members
Comprehensive	Income	(Loss)
The	Company	accounts	for	comprehensive	income	(loss)	in	accordance	with	ASC	220
,	Comprehensive	Income
.	Under	ASC	220,	the	Company	is	required	to	report	comprehensive	income	(loss),	which	includes	net	income	(loss)	as	well
as	other
	SolarCity	Corporation
Notes	to	Consolidated	Financial	Statements	(continued)
	
comprehensive	income	(loss).	There	were	no	significant	other	comprehensive	income	(losses)	and	no	significant	differences	between	comprehensive	loss	as	defined	by	ASC	220	and	net	loss	as	reported	in	the	consolidated	statements	of
operations,	for	the	periods	presented.
Stock-Based	Compensation
The	Company	accounts	for	stock-based	compensation	costs	under	the	provisions	of	ASC	718
,	Compensation—Stock	Compensation
,	which	requires	the	measurement	and	recognition	of	compensation	costs	related	to	the	fair	value	of
stock-based	compensation	awards	that	are	ultimately	expected	to	vest.	Stock-based	compensation	costs	recognized	include	all	share-based	payments	granted	to	employees	based	on	the	grant	date	fair	values	estimated	in	accordance	with	the
provisions	of	ASC	718.	ASC	718	is	also	applied	to	awards	modified,	repurchased	or	canceled.
The	Company	applies	ASC	718	and	ASC	505-50,	
Equity-Based	Payments	to	Non	Employees
,	to	stock-based	awards	issued	to	non-employees.	In	accordance	with	ASC	718	and	ASC	505-50,	the	Company	uses	the	Black-Scholes	option
pricing	model	to	measure	the	fair	values	of	any	non-employee	stock	option	awards	as	of	their	grant	dates.	The	measurement	of	non-employee	stock-based	compensation	costs	is	subject	to	periodic	adjustments	as	the	awards	vest	and	the	resulting
changes	in	fair	value	are	recognized	in	the	consolidated	statements	of	operations	in	the	periods	that	the	related	services	were	rendered.
Noncontrolling	Interests	and	Redeemable	Noncontrolling	Interests
Noncontrolling	interests	and	redeemable	noncontrolling	interests	represent	third-party	interests	in	the	net	assets	under	certain	funding	arrangements,	or	funds,	that	the	Company	has	entered	into	to	finance	the	cost	of	solar	energy
systems	under	operating	leases.	The	Company	has	determined	that	the	contractual	provisions	of	the	funds	represent	substantive	profit	sharing	arrangements.	The	Company	has	further	determined	that	the	appropriate	methodology	for	calculating
the	noncontrolling	interest	and	redeemable	noncontrolling	interest	balances	that	reflects	the	substantive	profit	sharing	arrangements	is	a	balance	sheet	approach	using	the	hypothetical	liquidation	at	book	value,	or	HLBV,	method.	The	Company,
therefore,	determines	the	amount	of	the	noncontrolling	interests	and	redeemable	noncontrolling	interests	in	the	net	assets	of	the	funds	at	each	balance	sheet	date	using	the	HLBV	method,	which	is	presented	on	the	consolidated	balance	sheets	as
noncontrolling	interests	in	subsidiaries	and	redeemable	noncontrolling	interests	in	subsidiaries.	Under	the	HLBV	method,	the	amounts	reported	as	noncontrolling	interests	and	redeemable	noncontrolling	interests	in	the	consolidated	balance
sheets	represent	the	amounts	the	third-parties	would	hypothetically	receive	at	each	balance	sheet	date	under	the	liquidation	provisions	of	the	funds,	assuming	the	net	assets	of	the	funds	were	liquidated	at	the	recorded	amounts	determined	in
accordance	with	GAAP	and	distributed	to	the	third-parties.	The	third-parties’	interests	in	the	results	of	operations	of	the	funds	are	determined	as	the	difference	in	the	noncontrolling	interest	and	redeemable	noncontrolling	interest	balances	in	the
consolidated	balance	sheets	between	the	start	and	end	of	each	reporting	period,	after	taking	into	account	any	capital	transactions	between	the	funds	and	the	third-parties.	However,	the	redeemable	noncontrolling	interest	balance	is	at	least	equal
to	the	redemption	amount.	The	redeemable	noncontrolling	interest	balance	is	presented	as	temporary	equity	in	the	mezzanine	section	of	the	consolidated	balance	sheets	since	these	third-parties	have	the	right	to	redeem	their	interests	in	the
funds	for	cash	or	other	assets.
Segment	Information
Operating	segments	are	defined	as	components	of	a	company	about	which	separate	financial	information	is	available	that	is	evaluated	regularly	by	the	chief	operating	decision	maker,	or	decision	making	group,	in	deciding	how	to
allocate	resources	and	in	assessing	performance.	The	Company’s	chief	operating	decision	maker	is	the	executive	team,	which	is	comprised	of	the	Chief	Executive	Officer	and	the	Chief	Financial	Officer.	Based	on	the	financial	information
presented	to	and	reviewed	by	the	chief	operating	decision	maker	in	deciding	how	to	allocate	the	resources	and	in	assessing	the	performance	of	the	Company,	the	Company	has	determined	that	it	has	a	single	operating	and	reporting	segment:
solar	energy	products	and	services.	The	Company’s	principal	operations,	revenue	and	decision-making	functions	are	located	in	the	United	States.
Recently	Issued	Accounting	Standards
In	February	2015,	the	FASB	issued	Accounting	Standards	Update,	or	ASU,	No.	2015-02,	
Amendments	to	the	Consolidation	Analysis
,	to	amend	the	criteria	for	consolidation	of	certain	legal	entities.	The	Company	adopted	the	ASU
retrospectively	on	January	1,	2016,	but	the	adoption	had	no	impact	on	its	consolidated	financial	statements.
In	September	2015,	the	FASB	issued	ASU	No.	2015-16,	
Simplifying	the	Accounting	for	Measurement-Period	Adjustments
,	to	change	the	accounting	for	subsequent	adjustments	to	the	provisional	balances	recognized	in	a	business
combination	from	retrospective	to	prospective.	However,	the	ASU	requires	separate	presentation	or	disclosure	of	the	impact	on	prior	periods	had	the	adjustments	been
	SolarCity	Corporation
Notes	to	Consolidated	Financial	Statements	(continued)
	
recognized	as	of	the	acquisition	date.	The	Company	adopted	the	ASU	prospectively	on	January	1,	2016,	but	the	adoption	had	no	impact	on	its	consolidated	financial	statements.
In	May	2014,	the	FASB	issued	ASU	No.	2014-09,	
Revenue	from	Contracts	with	Customers
,	to	replace	the	existing	revenue	recognition	criteria	for	contracts	with	customers	and	to	establish	the	disclosure	requirements	for	revenue	from
contracts	with	customers.	In	August	2015,	the	FASB	issued	ASU	No.	2015-14,	
Deferral	of	the	Effective	Date
,	to	defer	the	effective	date	of	ASU	No.	2014-09	to	interim	and	annual	periods	beginning	after	December	15,	2017,	with	early	adoption
permitted.	Subsequently,	the	FASB	issued	ASU	No.	2016-08,	
Principal	versus	Agent	Considerations
,	ASU	No.	2016-10,	
Identifying	Performance	Obligations	and	Licensing
,	ASU	No.	2016-11,	
Rescission	of	SEC	Guidance	Because	of	Accounting
Standards	Updates	2014-09	and	2014-16	Pursuant	to	Staff	Announcements	at	the	March	3,	2016	EITF	Meeting
,	ASU	No.	2016-12,	
Narrow-Scope	Improvements	and	Practical	Expedients
,	and	ASU	No.	2016-20,	
Technical	Corrections	and
Improvements
,	to	clarify	and	amend	the	guidance	in	ASU	No.	2014-09.	Adoption	of	the	ASUs	is	either	retrospective	to	each	prior	period	presented	or	retrospective	with	a	cumulative	adjustment	to	retained	earnings	or	accumulated	deficit	as	of
the	adoption	date.	The	Company	is	currently	obtaining	an	understanding	of	the	ASUs	but	plans	to	adopt	them	on	January	1,	2018	retrospectively	to	each	prior	period	presented,	which	will	have	a	currently	undetermined	impact	on	its	consolidated
financial	statements.
In	August	2014,	the	FASB	issued	ASU	No.	2014-15,	
Going	Concern
,	to	provide	guidance	within	GAAP	requiring	management	to	evaluate	whether	there	is	substantial	doubt	about	an	entity’s	ability	to	continue	as	a	going	concern	and
requiring	related	disclosures.	The	Company	adopted	the	ASU	prospectively	on	December	31,	2016,	but	the	adoption	had	no	impact	on	its	consolidated	financial	statements.
In	July	2015,	the	FASB	issued	ASU	No.	2015-11,	
Simplifying	the	Measurement	of	Inventory
,	to	specify	that	inventory	should	be	subsequently	measured	at	the	lower	of	cost	or	net	realizable	value,	which	is	the	ordinary	selling	price	less
any	completion,	transportation	and	disposal	costs.	However,	the	ASU	does	not	apply	to	inventory	measured	using	the	last-in-first-out	or	retail	methods.	The	ASU	is	effective	for	interim	and	annual	periods	beginning	after	December	15,	2016.
Adoption	of	the	ASU	is	prospective.	The	Company’s	adoption	of	the	ASU	prospectively	on	January	1,	2017	is	not	expected	to	impact	its	consolidated	financial	statements.
In	January	2016,	the	FASB	issued	ASU	No.	2016-01,	
Recognition	and	Measurement	of	Financial	Assets	and	Financial	Liabilities
,	to	mainly	change	the	accounting	for	investments	in	equity	securities	and	financial	liabilities	carried	at
fair	value	as	well	as	to	modify	the	presentation	and	disclosure	requirements	for	financial	instruments.	The	ASU	is	effective	for	interim	and	annual	periods	beginning	after	December	15,	2017,	with	early	adoption	permitted.	Adoption	of	the	ASU	is
retrospective	with	a	cumulative	adjustment	to	retained	earnings	or	accumulated	deficit	as	of	the	adoption	date.	The	Company	is	currently	obtaining	an	understanding	of	the	ASU	but	plans	to	adopt	the	ASU	retrospectively	on	January	1,	2018,
which	will	have	a	currently	undetermined	impact	on	its	consolidated	financial	statements.
In	February	2016,	the	FASB	issued	ASU	No.	2016-02,	
Leases
,	to	require	lessees	to	recognize	most	leases	on	the	balance	sheet,	while	recognition	on	the	statement	of	operations	will	remain	similar	to	current	lease	accounting.	The	ASU
also	eliminates	real	estate-specific	provisions	and	modifies	certain	aspects	of	lessor	accounting.	The	ASU	is	effective	for	interim	and	annual	periods	beginning	after	December	15,	2018.	Adoption	of	the	ASU	is	modified	retrospective.	The	Company
is	currently	obtaining	an	understanding	of	the	ASU	but	plans	to	adopt	the	ASU	modified	retrospectively	on	January	1,	2019,	which	will	have	a	currently	undetermined	impact	on	its	consolidated	financial	statements.
In	March	2016,	the	FASB	issued	ASU	No.	2016-06,
	Contingent	Put	and	Call	Options	in	Debt	Instruments
,	to	clarify	when	a	contingent	put	or	call	option	to	accelerate	the	repayment	of	debt	is	an	embedded	derivative.	The	ASU	is
effective	for	interim	and	annual	periods	beginning	after	December	15,	2016,	with	early	adoption	permitted.	Adoption	of	the	ASU	is	modified	retrospective.	The	Company’s	adoption	of	the	ASU	modified	retrospectively	on	January	1,	2017	is	not
expected	to	have	an	impact	on	its	consolidated	financial	statements,	since	it	has	already	been	interpreting	GAAP	as	prescribed	in	the	ASU.
In	March	2016,	the	FASB	issued	ASU	No.	2016-09,	
Improvements	to	Employee	Share-Based	Payment	Accounting
,
	
to	simplify	the	accounting	for	the	income	tax	effects	from	share-based	compensation,	the	accounting	for	forfeitures	and
the	accounting	for	statutory	income	tax	withholding,	among	others.	In	particular,	the	ASU	requires	all	income	tax	effects	from	share-based	compensation	to	be	recognized	in	the	consolidated	statement	of	operations	when	the	awards	vest	or	are
settled,	the	ASU	permits	accounting	for	forfeitures	as	they	occur	and	the	ASU	permits	a	higher	level	of	statutory	income	tax	withholding	without	triggering	liability	accounting.	The	ASU	is	effective	for	interim	and	annual	periods	beginning	after
December	15,	2016,	with	early	adoption	permitted.	Adoption	of	the	ASU	is	modified	retrospective,	retrospective	and	prospective,	depending	on	the	specific	provision	being	adopted.	The	Company’s	adoption	of	the	ASU	on	January	1,	2017	will
impact	its	recognition	and	presentation	of	excess	tax	benefits	and	deficiencies	and	its	presentation	of	tax	withholdings	and	the	subsequent	payments	on	the	statements	of	cash	flows.
	SolarCity	Corporation
Notes	to	Consolidated	Financial	Statements	(continued)
	
In	June	2016,	the	FASB	issued	ASU	No.	2016-13,	
Measurement	of	Credit	Losses	on	Financial	Instruments
,	to	require,	among	others,	financial	assets	carried	at	amortized	cost	to	be	presented	at	the	net	amount	expected	to	be	collected
based	on	historical	experience,	current	conditions	and	forecasts.	The	ASU	is	effective	for	interim	and	annual	periods	beginning	after	December	15,	2019,	with	early	adoption	permitted.	Adoption	of	the	ASU	is	modified	retrospective.	The	Company
is	currently	obtaining	an	understanding	of	the	ASU	but	plans	to	adopt	the	ASU	modified	retrospectively	on	January	1,	2020,	and	the	impact	on	its	consolidated	financial	statements	is	not	known.
In	August	2016,	the	FASB	issued	ASU	No.	2016-15,	
Classification	of	Certain	Cash	Receipts	and	Cash	Payments
,	to	reduce	the	diversity	in	practice	with	respect	to	the	presentation	of	certain	cash	flows.	The	ASU	is	effective	for	interim
and	annual	periods	beginning	after	December	15,	2017,	with	early	adoption	permitted.	Adoption	of	the	ASU	is	retrospective.	The	Company	is	currently	obtaining	an	understanding	of	the	ASU	but	plans	to	adopt	the	ASU	retrospectively	on
January	1,	2018,	and	the	impact	on	its	consolidated	financial	statements	is	not	known.
In	October	2016,	the	FASB	issued	ASU	No.	2016-16,	
Intra-Entity	Transfers	of	Assets	Other	Than	Inventory
,	to	require	the	recognition	of	the	income	tax	effects	from	an	intra-entity	transfer	of	an	asset	other	than	inventory.	The	ASU	is
effective	for	interim	and	annual	periods	beginning	after	December	15,	2017,	with	early	adoption	permitted.	Adoption	of	the	ASU	is	modified	retrospective.	The	Company	is	currently	obtaining	an	understanding	of	the	ASU,	and	the	impact	on	its
consolidated	financial	statements	is	not	known.
In	November	2016,	the	FASB	issued	ASU	No.	2016-18,	
Statement	of	Cash	Flows:	Restricted	Cash
,	to	require	the	statement	of	cash	flows	to	present	restricted	cash	as	a	part	of	the	beginning	and	ending	balances	of	cash	and	cash
equivalents.	The	ASU	is	effective	for	interim	and	annual	periods	beginning	after	December	15,	2017,	with	early	adoption	permitted.	Adoption	of	the	ASU	is	retrospective.	The	Company	plans	to	adopt	the	ASU	retrospectively	on	January	1,	2018,
which	will	impact	the	classifications	within	its	consolidated	statements	of	cash	flows.
In	January	2017,	the	FASB	issued	ASU	No.	2017-04,	
Simplifying	the	Test	for	Goodwill	Impairment
,	to	change	the	determination	of	the	amount	of	goodwill	impairment	to	the	excess	of	the	carrying	amount	of	a	reporting	unit	over	the
reporting	unit’s	fair	value.	The	ASU	is	effective	for	interim	and	annual	periods	beginning	after	December	15,	2019,	with	early	adoption	permitted.	Adoption	of	the	ASU	is	prospective.	The	Company	plans	to	adopt	the	ASU	prospectively	on
January	1,	2020,	and	the	impact	on	its	consolidated	financial	statements	is	not	known.
	
	
3.	Restructuring	and	Other	Activities
In	the	second	quarter	of	2016,	the	Company	commenced	certain	restructuring	activities	in	order	to	reduce	costs	and	improve	efficiency.	Consequently,	during	the	year	ended	December	31,	2016,	the	Company	recognized	$6.1	million
of	one-time	employee	termination	benefits.	As	of	December	31,	2016,	the	outstanding	restructuring	liability	was	$0.6	million.
Additionally,	the	Company	commenced	winding-down	its	solar	module	manufacturing	operations	in	China,	due	to	the	tariffs	imposed	by	the	U.S.	government	on	solar	panels	manufactured	in	China,	and	recognized	an	impairment
charge	of	$13.9	million	during	the	year	ended	December	31,	2016	(see	Note	8,	
Property,	Plant	and	Equipment	–	Net
).
Furthermore,	the	Company	concluded	that	certain	acquired	intangible	assets	were	fully	impaired.	As	such,	the	Company	recognized	an	impairment	charge	of	$26.0	million	during	the	year	ended	December	31,	2016	(see	Note	4,
Goodwill	and	Intangible	Assets
).
In	addition,	during	the	year	ended	December	31,	2016,	the	Company	incurred	$23.6	million	of	direct	costs	arising	from	its	acquisition	by	Tesla.
Moreover,	during	the	year	ended	December	31,	2016,	certain	amounts	due	to	the	Company	related	to	an	uninstalled	commercial	project,	but	not	related	to	any	customer	contracts	or	loans,	were	determined	to	be	unrecoverable.
Accordingly,	the	Company	recognized	a	charge	of	$16.1	million.	Despite	this	charge,	the	Company	intends	to	continue	its	efforts	to	obtain	reimbursement	of	this	amount.
Also,	during	the	year	ended	December	31,	2016,	the	Company	recorded	charges	totaling	$20.2	million	for	write-offs	and	for	a	reserve	for	a	certain	litigation	matter	(see	Note	23,	
Commitments	and	Contingencies
).
	
	
	SolarCity	Corporation
Notes	to	Consolidated	Financial	Statements	(continued)
	
4.	Goodwill	and	Intangible	Assets
Intangible	Assets
The	following	is	a	summary	of	intangible	assets	as	of	December	31,	2016	(in	thousands):
	
	
	
Weighted-
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
average
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
useful	life
	
	
	
	
	
	
Accumulated
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
(in	years)
	
	
Gross
	
	
amortization
	
	
Write-offs
	
	
Net
	
Developed	technology
	
	
9
	
	
$
175,100
	
	
$
(51,984
)
	
$
—
	
	
$
123,116
	
Trademarks	and	trade	names
	
	
7
	
	
	
24,700
	
	
	
(10,785
)
	
	
—
	
	
	
13,915
	
Marketing	database
	
	
5
	
	
	
17,427
	
	
	
(11,579
)
	
	
(5,848
)
	
	
—
	
PowerSaver	agreement
	
	
10
	
	
	
17,077
	
	
	
(4,815
)
	
	
(12,262
)
	
	
—
	
Non-compete	agreements
	
	
5
	
	
	
7,189
	
	
	
(4,052
)
	
	
(3,137
)
	
	
—
	
Customer	relationships
	
	
6
	
	
	
6,190
	
	
	
(1,523
)
	
	
(4,667
)
	
	
—
	
Other
	
	
6
	
	
	
10,028
	
	
	
(6,848
)
	
	
(87
)
	
	
3,093
	
Total	intangible	assets
	
	
8.73
	
	
$
257,711
	
	
$
(91,586
)
	
$
(26,001
)
	
$
140,124
	
The	following	is	a	summary	of	intangible	assets	as	of	December	31,	2015	(in	thousands):
	
	
	
Weighted-
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
average
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
useful	life
	
	
	
	
	
	
Accumulated
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
(in	years)
	
	
Gross
	
	
amortization
	
	
Net
	
Developed	technology
	
	
9
	
	
$
175,100
	
	
$
(32,260
)
	
	
142,840
	
Trademarks	and	trade	names
	
	
7
	
	
	
24,700
	
	
	
(7,256
)
	
	
17,444
	
Marketing	database
	
	
5
	
	
	
17,427
	
	
	
(9,953
)
	
	
7,474
	
PowerSaver	agreement
	
	
10
	
	
	
17,077
	
	
	
(3,961
)
	
	
13,116
	
Non-compete	agreements
	
	
5
	
	
	
7,189
	
	
	
(3,272
)
	
	
3,917
	
Customer	relationships
	
	
6
	
	
	
6,190
	
	
	
(542
)
	
	
5,648
	
Other
	
	
6
	
	
	
10,028
	
	
	
(5,223
)
	
	
4,805
	
Total	intangible	assets
	
	
8.26
	
	
$
257,711
	
	
$
(62,467
)
	
$
195,244
	
Developed	Technology
Developed	technology	consists	of	high	performance	solar	cell	technology	acquired	through	the	Silevo	acquisition.	The	high	performance	technology	would	allow	the	Company	to	achieve	improved	solar	energy	system	performance	and
reduce	the	overall	deployment	cost	per	watt	of	solar	energy	systems	sold	or	leased.	In	addition,	the	high	performance	technology	would	increase	the	Company’s	market	opportunity	to	a	broader	customer	base	who	would	benefit	economically
from	more	efficient	solar	energy	systems.	Developed	technology	also	consists	of	solar	panel	interlocking	technology	acquired	through	the	Zep	Solar	acquisition.	The	interlocking	technology	includes	a	rail-free	installation	system,	auto-grounding
connections	and	a	rapid,	drop-in	module	installation	design.	The	interlocking	technology	allows	solar	energy	systems	to	be	installed	easily	and	produces	significant	performance-based	and	aesthetic	improvements	compared	to	other	solar	energy
system	installation	technologies.
Trademarks	and	Trade	Names
Trademarks	and	trade	names	are	related	to	established	market	recognition	from	acquired	businesses	and	are	expected	to	be	retired	at	the	end	of	their	estimated	useful	lives.
Marketing	Database
The	marketing	database	is	a	comprehensive	platform	for	targeted	marketing,	including	a	prospective	customer	scoring	engine,	a	marketing	campaign	manager	and	monthly	updates.	The	prospective	customer	scoring	engine	improves
the	results	of	marketing	initiatives	by	predicting	which	customer	leads	in	the	marketing	database	will	respond	favorably	to	a	particular	marketing	campaign.	The	marketing	campaign	manager	monitors	the	results	of	marketing	campaigns	and
provides	feedback	for	optimizing	future	marketing	campaigns.
	SolarCity	Corporation
Notes	to	Consolidated	Financial	Statements	(continued)
	
PowerSaver	Agreement
Under	the	PowerSaver	program,	Fannie	Mae	makes	available	additional	loans	of	up	to	$25,000	to	eligible	Fannie	Mae	borrowers.	The	additional	loan	amounts	can	only	be	used	for	energy	efficiency	projects	that	include	the	installation
of	solar	energy	systems.	The	PowerSaver	program	provides	an	additional	source	of	financing	for	customers	and	therefore	helps	broaden	the	Company’s	customer	base.	Under	the	PowerSaver	agreement,	the	Company	is	provided	with	the
exclusive	right	to	market	solar	energy	systems	to	the	customers	of	Paramount	Mortgage,	an	affiliate	of	Paramount	Energy.
Non-Compete	Agreements
Certain	former	key	employees	of	businesses	acquired	by	the	Company	became	employees	of	the	Company	and	executed	non-compete	agreements	with	the	Company.
Customer	Relationships
As	part	of	one	of	its	acquisitions,	the	Company	acquired	certain	pre-existing	customer	relationships	with	commercial	customers.
Other
Other	intangible	assets	included	a	mortgage	database,	which	contains	data	pertaining	to	households	that	the	Company	can	directly	market	to.	In	addition,	there	is	internally	developed	software,	which	consists	of	Zep	Solar’s	Zepulator
System	Designer,	or	Zepulator,	online	application.	Zepulator	can	project	the	size,	scope,	layout,	materials	and	costs	of	potential	solar	energy	system	installations,	which	assists	with	optimizing	solar	energy	system	installations.
All	intangible	assets	are	amortized	over	their	estimated	useful	lives.	The	changes	to	the	carrying	value	of	intangible	assets	were	as	follows	(in	thousands):
	
	
	
Year	Ended	December	31,
	
	
	
2016
	
	
2015
	
Balance	-	beginning	of	the	period
	
$
195,244
	
	
$
223,637
	
Acquisitions
	
	
—
	
	
$
6,420
	
Amortization
	
	
(29,119
)
	
	
(34,813
)
Write-offs
	
	
(26,001
)
	
	
—
	
Balance	-	end	of	the	period
	
$
140,124
	
	
$
195,244
	
Amortization	expense	from	intangible	assets	for	the	years	ended	December	31,	2016,	2015	and	2014	was	allocated	as	follows	(in	thousands):
	
	
	
Year	Ended	December	31,
	
	
	
	
2016
	
	
2015
	
	
2014
	
Included	in	operating	leases	and	solar	energy
			incentives	cost	of	revenue
	
$
17,716
	
	
$
17,428
	
	
$
9,962
	
Included	in	solar	energy	systems	and	components
			sales	cost	of	revenue
	
	
2,574
	
	
	
3,337
	
	
	
2,605
	
Total	included	in	cost	of	revenue
	
$
20,290
	
	
$
20,765
	
	
$
12,567
	
Included	in	sales	and	marketing
	
	
8,829
	
	
	
14,048
	
	
	
11,696
	
Total	amortization	expense
	
$
29,119
	
	
$
34,813
	
	
$
24,263
	
	
The	intangible	assets	related	to	the	customer	relationships,	the	PowerSaver	agreement,	the	non-compete	agreements	and	the	marketing	database	were	fully	impaired	during	the	year	ended	December	31,	2016	following	the
restructuring	of	the	Company’s	operations.	The	impairment	charges	are	included	in	restructuring	and	other	expense	(see	Note	3,	
Restructuring	and	Other	Activities
).	No	intangible	assets	were	impaired	during	the	years	ended	December	31,
2015	and	2014.	However,	the	Company	wrote-off	$0.3	million	of	solar	energy	systems	backlog	related	to	contracts	cancelled	after	acquisition	during	the	year	ended	December	31,	2014,	which	was	recorded	in	sales	and	marketing	expense	in	the
consolidated	statements	of	operations.
	SolarCity	Corporation
Notes	to	Consolidated	Financial	Statements	(continued)
	
As	of	December	31,	2016,	the	total	future	amortization	expense	from	intangible	assets	was	as	follows	(in	thousands):
	
	
	
Cost	of	Revenue
	
	
Operating	Expense
	
	
Total
	
2017
	
$
16,866
	
	
$
3,529
	
	
$
20,395
	
2018
	
	
16,866
	
	
	
3,529
	
	
	
20,395
	
2019
	
	
16,866
	
	
	
3,529
	
	
	
20,395
	
2020
	
	
16,866
	
	
	
3,329
	
	
	
20,195
	
2021
	
	
16,866
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
16,866
	
Thereafter
	
	
41,878
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
41,878
	
Total
	
$
126,208
	
	
$
13,916
	
	
$
140,124
	
	
Goodwill
The	changes	to	the	carrying	value	of	goodwill	were	as	follows	(in	thousands):
	
	
	
Year	Ended	December	31,
	
	
	
2016
	
	
2015
	
Balance	-	beginning	of	the	period
	
$
321,865
	
	
$
315,920
	
Acquisitions
	
	
—
	
	
	
5,945
	
Balance	-	end	of	the	period
	
$
321,865
	
	
$
321,865
	
The	Company	did	not	recognize	any	impairment	of	goodwill	during	the	years	ended	December	31,	2016,	2015	or	2014.
	
	
5.	Non-cancellable	Operating	Lease	Payments	Receivable
As	of	December	31,	2016,	future	minimum	lease	payments	to	be	received	from	customers	under	non-cancellable	operating	leases	for	each	of	the	next	five	years	and	thereafter	were	as	follows	(in	thousands):
	
2017
	
$
135,615
	
2018
	
	
138,139
	
2019
	
	
140,740
	
2020
	
	
143,419
	
2021
	
	
145,176
	
Thereafter
	
	
2,122,127
	
Total
	
$
2,825,216
	
The	Company	enters	into	power	purchase	agreements	with	its	customers	that	are	accounted	for,	as	leases.	These	customers	are	charged	solely	based	on	actual	power	produced	by	the	installed	solar	energy	system	at	a	predefined	rate
per	kilowatt-hour	of	power	produced.	The	future	payments	from	such	arrangements	were	not	included	in	the	table	above	as	they	are	a	function	of	the	power	generated	by	the	related	solar	energy	systems	in	the	future.
Included	in	revenue	for	the	years	ended	December	31,	2016,	2015	and	2014	was	$193.1	million,	$124.7	million	and	$79.5	million,	respectively,	that	were	accounted	for	as	contingent	rentals.	The	contingent	rentals	comprised	of	customer
payments	under	power	purchase	agreements	and	performance-based	incentives	received	or	receivable	by	the	Company	from	various	utility	companies.
	
	
6.	Inventories
Inventories	consisted	of	the	following	(in	thousands):
	
	
As	of	December	31,
	
	
	
2016
	
	
2015
	
Raw	materials,	net
	
$
140,888
	
	
$
335,439
	
Work	in	progress
	
	
31,825
	
	
	
7,512
	
Total	inventories
	
$
172,713
	
	
$
342,951
	SolarCity	Corporation
Notes	to	Consolidated	Financial	Statements	(continued)
	
	
Raw	materials	are	comprised	of	component	parts	that	include	silicon	wafers,	process	gasses,	chemicals	and	other	consumables	used	in	solar	cell	production,	solar	cells,	photovoltaic	panels,	inverters,	mounting	hardware	and	miscellaneous
electrical	components	that	will	be	deployed	to	either	solar	energy	systems	that	will	be	sold	or	solar	energy	systems	that	will	be	leased.	Work	in	progress	is	comprised	of	installations	in	progress	and	includes	component	parts,	labor	and	other	overhead
costs	incurred	up	to	the	balance	sheet	date	on	solar	energy	systems	that	will	be	sold	and	for	which	binding	sales	contracts	have	already	been	executed.	For	solar	energy	systems,	leased	and	to	be	leased,	the	Company	commences	transferring
component	parts	from	inventory	to	construction	in	progress,	a	component	of	solar	energy	systems,	leased	and	to	be	leased,	once	a	lease	contract	with	a	customer	has	been	executed	and	installation	has	been	initiated.	Additional	costs	incurred	on	the
leased	systems,	including	labor	and	overhead,	are	recorded	within	construction	in	progress.	As	of	December	31,	2016	and	2015,	inventory	reserves	were	$19.5	million	and	$4.5	million,	respectively,	and	are	included	in	the	table	above	under	raw
materials.
	
	
7.	Solar	Energy	Systems,	Leased	and	To	Be	Leased	–	Net
Solar	energy	systems,	leased	and	to	be	leased	–	net	consisted	of	the	following	(in	thousands):
	
	
	
As	of	December	31,
	
	
	
2016
	
	
2015
	
Solar	energy	systems	leased	to	customers
	
$
5,008,487
	
	
$
3,619,214
	
Initial	direct	costs	related	to	customer	solar	energy
			system	lease	acquisition	costs
	
	
539,213
	
	
	
383,506
	
	
	
	
5,547,700
	
	
	
4,002,720
	
Less	accumulated	depreciation	and	amortization
	
	
(447,011
)
	
	
(275,158
)
	
	
	
5,100,689
	
	
	
3,727,562
	
Solar	energy	systems	under	construction
	
	
404,439
	
	
	
358,010
	
Solar	energy	systems	to	be	leased	to	customers
	
	
323,627
	
	
	
289,981
	
Solar	energy	systems,	leased	and	to	be	leased	-	net(1)(2)
	
$
5,828,755
	
	
$
4,375,553
	
(1)
Included	in	solar	energy	systems	leased	to	customers	as	of	December	31,	2016	and	2015	was	$66.4	million	related	to	capital	leased	assets	with	an	accumulated	depreciation	of	$13.3	million	and	$10.6	million,	respectively.
(2
)
Included	in	solar	energy	systems,	leased	and	to	be	leased	to	customers	as	of	December	31,	2016	and	2015	was	$19.3	million	and	$6.3	million,	respectively,	related	to	energy	storage	systems	with	an	accumulated	depreciation	of
$1.0	million	and	$0.5	million,	respectively.
As	of	December	31,	2016,	future	minimum	lease	payments	to	the	lessor	under	this	capital	lease	arrangement	for	each	of	the	next	five	years	and	thereafter	were	as	follows	(in	thousands):
	
2017
	
$
2,353
	
2018
	
	
2,367
	
2019
	
	
2,383
	
2020
	
	
2,398
	
2021
	
	
2,415
	
Thereafter
	
	
16,259
	
Total
	
$
28,175
	
	SolarCity	Corporation
Notes	to	Consolidated	Financial	Statements	(continued)
	
As	of	December	31,	2016,	future	minimum	lease	receipts	by	the	Company	from	sub-lessees	under	this	capital	lease	arrangement	for	each	of	the	next	five	years	and	thereafter	were	as	follows	(in	thousands):
	
2017
	
$
2,473
	
2018
	
	
2,503
	
2019
	
	
2,534
	
2020
	
	
2,566
	
2021
	
	
2,599
	
Thereafter
	
	
29,256
	
Total
	
$
41,931
	
The	amounts	in	the	table	above	are	also	included	as	part	of	the	non-cancellable	operating	lease	payments	from	customers	disclosed	in	Note	5,	
Non-cancellable	Operating	Lease	Payments	Receivable
.
	
	
8.	Property,	Plant	and	Equipment	–	Net
Property,	plant	and	equipment	consisted	of	the	following	(in	thousands):
	
	
	
As	of	December	31,
	
	
	
2016
	
	
2015
	
Manufacturing	facilities	-	Fremont,	California:
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Manufacturing	and	lab	equipment
	
$
91,877
	
	
$
84,418
	
Leasehold	improvements
	
	
55,883
	
	
	
53,902
	
Manufacturing	facilities	-	China:
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Manufacturing	and	lab	equipment
	
	
21,789
	
	
	
21,714
	
Land	and	buildings
	
	
6,786
	
	
	
6,711
	
Vehicles
	
	
34,214
	
	
	
44,036
	
Computer	hardware	and	software
	
	
57,008
	
	
	
41,294
	
Furniture	and	fixtures
	
	
15,285
	
	
	
13,611
	
Leasehold	improvements	-	other
	
	
29,661
	
	
	
19,546
	
Other
	
	
45,773
	
	
	
30,861
	
	
	
	
358,276
	
	
	
316,093
	
Less	accumulated	depreciation	and	amortization
	
	
(113,540
)
	
	
(53,706
)
Property,	plant	and	equipment	-	net
	
$
244,736
	
	
$
262,387
	
Certain	manufacturing	equipment	was	impaired	during	the	year	ended	December	31,	2016.	The	impairment	charge	is	included	in	restructuring	and	other	expense	(see	Note	3,	
Restructuring	and	Other	Activities
).
Included	in	other	property,	plant	and	equipment	–	net	as	of	December	31,	2016	and	2015	was	$37.2	million	and	$29.1	million,	respectively,	related	to	capital	leased	assets	with	an	accumulated	depreciation	of	$12.9	million	and
$5.6	million,	respectively.
	
	
	SolarCity	Corporation
Notes	to	Consolidated	Financial	Statements	(continued)
	
9.	Accrued	and	Other	Current	Liabilities
Accrued	and	other	current	liabilities	consisted	of	the	following	(in	thousands):
	
	
	
As	of	December	31,
	
	
	
2016
	
	
2015
	
Accrued	expenses
	
$
96,380
	
	
$
69,034
	
Income	tax	payable
	
	
—
	
	
	
41,016
	
Accrued	compensation
	
	
77,773
	
	
	
64,988
	
Current	portion	of	contingent	consideration
	
	
—
	
	
	
42,912
	
Accrued	warranty
	
	
32,691
	
	
	
22,993
	
Accrued	professional	services	fees
	
	
22,965
	
	
	
9,915
	
Current	portion	of	capital	lease	obligation
	
	
11,104
	
	
	
8,208
	
Other	current	liabilities
	
	
25,074
	
	
	
17,440
	
Total	accrued	and	other	current	liabilities
	
$
265,987
	
	
$
276,506
	
	
	
10.	Other	Liabilities	and	Deferred	Credits
Other	liabilities	and	deferred	credits	consisted	of	the	following	(in	thousands):
	
	
	
As	of	December	31,
	
	
	
2016
	
	
2015
	
Deferred	gain	on	sale-leaseback	transactions,	net	of	current
			portion
	
$
48,304
	
	
$
51,547
	
Deferred	rent	expense
	
	
24,110
	
	
	
16,184
	
Interest	rate	swaps	liability
	
	
12,109
	
	
	
11,544
	
Deferred	solar	renewable	energy	credits	income
	
	
19,390
	
	
	
8,855
	
Capital	lease	obligation
	
	
34,777
	
	
	
39,475
	
Liability	for	receipts	from	an	investor
	
	
76,828
	
	
	
17,975
	
Contingent	consideration
	
	
—
	
	
	
80,096
	
Participation	interest
	
	
16,713
	
	
	
15,919
	
Liability	for	assigned	notes	receivable
	
	
44,780
	
	
	
—
	
Other	noncurrent	liabilities
	
	
62,940
	
	
	
37,411
	
Total
	
$
339,951
	
	
$
279,006
The	liability	for	receipts	from	an	investor	represents	amounts	received	from	an	investor	under	a	lease	pass-through	fund	arrangement	for	monetization	of	ITCs	for	assets	not	yet	placed	in	service.	This	amount	is	reclassified	to	deferred
revenue	when	the	assets	are	placed	in	service.
The	participation	interest	represents	rights	granted	by	the	Company	to	a	former	fund	investor	to	share	in	the	future	residual	returns	from	securitized	solar	energy	systems,	as	part	of	the	compensation	for	the	termination	of	a	lease
pass-through	fund	arrangement,	as	described	in	Note	12,	
Indebtedness
.
The	contingent	consideration	relates	to	the	Company’s	acquisition	of	Silevo	in	the	third	quarter	of	2014.
	
	
11.	Cash	Equity	Financings
On	May	2,	2016,	the	Company	pooled	and	transferred	its	interests	in	certain	financing	funds	into	a	special	purpose	entity,	or	SPE,	and	issued	$121.7	million	in	aggregate	principal	of	debt	of	the	SPE	(see	Note	12,	
Indebtedness
)	and
also	issued	$100.7	million	of	equity	interests	in	the	SPE,	both	to	the	same	investor.	Of	the	net	proceeds	from	this	transaction,	$125.0	million	was	used	to	partially	prepay	the	revolving	aggregation	credit	facility	due	in	December	2018,
$25.7	million	was	used	to	partially	prepay	the	term	loan	due	in	December	2016	and	the	remaining	amount	was	retained	by	the	Company	to	fund	its	operations.
On	September	8,	2016,	the	Company	pooled	and	transferred	its	interests	in	certain	financing	funds	into	a	SPE	and	issued	$210.0	million	in	aggregate	principal	of	debt	of	the	SPE	(see	Note	12)	to	a	syndicate	of	banks	and	also	issued
$95.2	million	of	equity
	SolarCity	Corporation
Notes	to	Consolidated	Financial	Statements	(continued)
	
interests	in	the	SPE	to	an	investor.	Of	the	net	proceeds	from	this	transaction,	$192.3	million	was	used	to	partially	prepay	the	revolving	aggregation	credit	facility	due	in	December	2018	and	the	remaining	amount	was	retained	by	the	Company	to
fund	its	operations.
On	December	16,	2016,	the	Company	pooled	and	transferred	its	interests	in	certain	financing	funds	into	a	SPE	and	issued	$170.0	million	in	aggregate	principal	of	debt	of	the	SPE	(see	Note	12)	to	a	syndicate	of	banks	and	also	issued
$70.9	million	of	equity	interests	in	the	SPE	to	an	investor.	Of	the	net	proceeds	from	this	transaction,	$131.0	million	was	used	to	partially	prepay	the	revolving	aggregation	credit	facility	due	in	December	2018	and	the	remaining	amount	was
retained	by	the	Company	to	fund	its	operations.
The	debts	are	secured	by,	among	other	things,	the	SPEs’	interests	in	the	financing	funds.	The	Company	has	determined	that	the	SPEs	are	VIEs	and	that	the	Company	is	the	primary	beneficiary	of	the	SPEs	by	reference	to	the	power
and	benefits	criterion	under	ASC	810,	
Consolidation
.	Accordingly,	the	Company	consolidates	the	SPEs	in	its	consolidated	financial	statements	and	accounts	for	the	investors’	equity	interests	in	the	SPEs	as	noncontrolling	interests	(see	Note	13,
VIE	Arrangements
).	The	Company	did	not	recognize	a	gain	or	loss	on	the	transfers	of	its	interests	in	the	financing	funds	and	continues	to	consolidate	the	financing	funds.	The	cash	distributed	from	the	financing	funds	to	the	SPEs	are	used	to
service	the	principal	payments,	the	interest	payments,	the	SPEs’	expenses	and	the	distributions	to	the	investors.	Any	remaining	cash	would	be	distributed	to	wholly	owned	subsidiaries	of	the	Company.	The	SPEs’	assets	and	cash	flows	are	not
available	to	the	other	creditors	of	the	Company,	and	the	lenders	and	the	investors	have	no	recourse	to	the	Company’s	other	assets.
	
	
	SolarCity	Corporation
Notes	to	Consolidated	Financial	Statements	(continued)
	
12.	Indebtedness
The	following	is	a	summary	of	the	Company’s	debt	as	of	December	31,	2016	(dollars	in	thousands):
	
	
	
Unpaid
	
	
	
	
	
Unused
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Principal
	
	
Net	Carrying	Value
	
	
Committed
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Balance
	
	
Current
	
	
Long-Term
	
	
Amount
	
	
Interest
	
Rate
	
Maturity	Dates
Recourse	debt:
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Secured	revolving	credit	facility
	
$
364,000
	
	
$
360,957
	
	
$
—
	
	
$
24,305
	
	
4.0%-6.0%
	
January	2017	-
December
	
2017
Vehicle	and	other	loans
	
	
23,771
	
	
	
17,235
	
	
	
6,536
	
	
	
—
	
	
2.9%-7.6%
	
March	2017	-
June
	
2019
2.75%	convertible	senior	notes	due	in	2018
	
	
230,000
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
226,323
	
	
	
—
	
	
2.8%
	
November
	
2018
1.625%	convertible	senior	notes	due	in
			2019
	
	
566,000
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
557,112
	
	
	
—
	
	
1.6%
	
November
	
2019
Zero-coupon	convertible	senior	notes
			due	in	2020
	
	
113,000
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
101,428
	
	
	
—
	
	
0.0%
	
December	2020
Solar	Bonds
	
	
332,060
	
	
	
181,582
	
	
	
150,279
	
	
*
	
	
1.1%-6.5%
	
January	2017	-
January
	
2031
Total	recourse	debt
	
	
1,628,831
	
	
	
559,774
	
	
	
1,041,678
	
	
	
24,305
	
	
	
	
	
Non-recourse	debt:
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Term	loan	due	in	December	2017
	
	
75,467
	
	
	
73,825
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
52,173
	
	
4.2%
	
December	2017
Term	loan	due	in	January	2021
	
	
183,388
	
	
	
5,860
	
	
	
171,994
	
	
	
—
	
	
4.5%
	
January	2021
MyPower	revolving	credit	facility
	
	
133,762
	
	
	
133,578
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
56,238
	
	
4.1%-6.6%
	
January
	
2017
Revolving	aggregation	credit	facility
	
	
424,757
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
413,792
	
	
	
335,243
	
	
4.0%-4.8%
	
December
	
2018
Solar	Renewable	Energy	Credit	Term	Loan
	
	
38,124
	
	
	
12,491
	
	
	
24,565
	
	
	
—
	
	
6.6%-9.9%
	
April	2017	-
July	2021
Cash	Equity	Debt	I
	
	
119,753
	
	
	
3,272
	
	
	
115,464
	
	
	
—
	
	
5.7%
	
July	2033
Cash	Equity	Debt	II
	
	
206,901
	
	
	
5,376
	
	
	
198,220
	
	
	
—
	
	
5.3%
	
July	2034
Cash	Equity	Debt	III
	
	
170,000
	
	
	
4,994
	
	
	
161,855
	
	
	
	
	
	
5.8%
	
January	2035
Solar	Asset-backed	Notes,	Series	2013-1
	
	
41,899
	
	
	
3,330
	
	
	
35,826
	
	
	
—
	
	
4.8%
	
November
	
2038
Solar	Asset-backed	Notes,	Series	2014-1
	
	
60,768
	
	
	
3,016
	
	
	
55,197
	
	
	
—
	
	
4.6%
	
April	2044
Solar	Asset-backed	Notes,	Series	2014-2
	
	
186,851
	
	
	
7,055
	
	
	
173,625
	
	
	
—
	
	
4.0%-Class	A
5.4%-Class	B
	
July	2044
Solar	Asset-backed	Notes,	Series	2015-1
	
	
119,199
	
	
	
1,511
	
	
	
112,927
	
	
	
—
	
	
4.2%-Class	A
5.6%-Class	B
	
August	2045
Solar	Asset-backed	Notes,	Series	2016-1
	
	
50,119
	
	
	
1,202
	
	
	
44,313
	
	
	
—
	
	
5.3%-Class	A
7.5%-Class	B
	
September	2046
Solar	Loan-backed	Notes,	Series	2016-A
	
	
140,586
	
	
	
3,514
	
	
	
127,317
	
	
	
—
	
	
4.8%-Class	A
6.9%-Class	B
	
September	2048
Total	non-recourse	debt
	
	
1,951,574
	
	
	
259,024
	
	
	
1,635,095
	
	
	
443,654
	
	
	
	
	
Total	debt
	
$
3,580,405
	
	
$
818,798
	
	
$
2,676,773
	
	
$
467,959
	
	
	
	
	
*
Out	of	the	$350.0	million	authorized	to	be	issued	by	the	Company’s	board	of	directors,	$17.9	million	remained	available	to	be	issued.	See	below	and	Note	22,	
Related	Party	Transactions
,	for	Solar	Bonds	issued	to	related	parties.
	
	SolarCity	Corporation
Notes	to	Consolidated	Financial	Statements	(continued)
	
The	following	is	a	summary	of	the	Company’s	debt	as	of	December	31,	2015	(dollars	in	thousands):
	
	
	
Unpaid
	
	
	
	
	
Unused
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Principal
	
	
Net	Carrying	Value
	
	
Committed
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Balance
	
	
Current
	
	
Long-Term
	
	
Amount
	
	
Interest	Rate
	
Maturity	Date
Recourse	debt:
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Secured	revolving	credit	facility
	
$
360,000
	
	
$
22,320
	
	
$
333,287
	
	
$
13,053
	
	
3.5%-5.8%
	
December	2016	-
December	2017
Vehicle	and	other	loans
	
	
28,173
	
	
	
12,562
	
	
	
15,610
	
	
	
—
	
	
2.5%-7.6%
	
January	2016	-
June	2019
2.75%	convertible	senior	notes	due	in	2018
	
	
230,000
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
225,795
	
	
	
—
	
	
2.8%
	
November	2018
1.625%	convertible	senior	notes	due	in
			2019
	
	
566,000
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
555,981
	
	
	
—
	
	
1.6%
	
November	2019
Zero-coupon	convertible	senior	notes
		due	in	2020
	
	
113,000
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
112,784
	
	
	
—
	
	
0.0%
	
December	2020
Solar	Bonds
	
	
214,324
	
	
	
178,309
	
	
	
35,778
	
	
#
	
	
1.3%-5.8%
	
January	2016	-
December	2030
Total	recourse	debt
	
	
1,511,497
	
	
	
213,191
	
	
	
1,279,235
	
	
	
13,053
	
	
	
	
	
Non-recourse	debt:
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Term	loan	due	in	May	2016
	
	
34,622
	
	
	
33,918
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
3.5%
	
May	2016
Term	loan	due	in	December	2016
	
	
112,483
	
	
	
111,248
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
3.6%-3.7%
	
December	2016
MyPower	revolving	credit	facility
	
	
213,125
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
210,735
	
	
	
26,875
	
	
3.0%-5.5%
	
January	2017
Revolving	aggregation	credit	facility
	
	
455,693
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
446,963
	
	
	
194,307
	
	
3.1%-3.2%
	
December	2017
Solar	Asset-backed	Notes,	Series	2013-1
	
	
45,845
	
	
	
3,342
	
	
	
39,669
	
	
	
—
	
	
4.8%
	
November	2038
Solar	Asset-backed	Notes,	Series	2014-1
	
	
64,431
	
	
	
2,855
	
	
	
58,938
	
	
	
—
	
	
4.6%
	
April	2044
Solar	Asset-backed	Notes,	Series	2014-2
	
	
193,755
	
	
	
6,319
	
	
	
181,041
	
	
	
—
	
	
4.0%-Class	A
5.4%-Class	B
	
July	2044
Solar	Asset-backed	Notes,	Series	2015-1
	
	
122,295
	
	
	
1,348
	
	
	
116,019
	
	
	
—
	
	
4.2%-Class	A
5.6%-Class	B
	
August	2045
Total	non-recourse	debt
	
	
1,242,249
	
	
	
159,030
	
	
	
1,053,365
	
	
	
221,182
	
	
	
	
	
Total	debt
	
$
2,753,746
	
	
$
372,221
	
	
$
2,332,600
	
	
$
234,235
	
	
	
	
	
	
#
Out	of	the	$350.0	million	authorized	to	be	issued	by	the	Company’s	board	of	directors,	$135.7	million	remained	available	to	be	issued.	See	below	and	Note	22,	
Related	Party	Transactions
,	for	Solar	Bonds	issued	to	related	parties.
Recourse	debt	refers	to	debt	that	is	recourse	to	the	Company’s	general	assets.	Non-recourse	debt	refers	to	debt	that	is	recourse	to	only	specified	assets	or	subsidiaries	of	the	Company.	The	differences	between	the	unpaid	principal
balances	and	the	net	carrying	values	are	due	to	convertible	senior	note	conversion	features,	debt	discounts	and	deferred	financing	costs.	As	of	December	31,	2016,	the	Company	was	in	compliance	with	all	financial	debt	covenants.	The	Company’s
debt	is	described	further	below.
Recourse	Debt	Facilities:
Secured	Revolving	Credit	Facility
The	Company	has	entered	into	a	revolving	credit	agreement	with	a	syndicate	of	banks	to	fund	working	capital,	letters	of	credit	and	general	corporate	needs.	Borrowed	funds	bear	interest,	at	the	Company’s	option,	at	an	annual	rate	of
(a)	3.25%	plus	LIBOR	or	(b)	2.25%	plus	the	highest	of	(i)	the	federal	funds	rate	plus	0.50%,	(ii)	Bank	of	America’s	published	“prime	rate”	or	(iii)	LIBOR	plus	1.00%.	The	fee	for	undrawn	commitments	is	0.375%	per	annum.	The	secured	revolving
credit	facility	is	secured	by	certain	of	the	Company’s	accounts	receivable,	inventory,	machinery,	equipment	and	other	assets.
Vehicle	and	Other	Loans
The	Company	has	entered	into	various	vehicle	and	other	loan	agreements	with	various	financial	institutions.	The	vehicle	loans	are	secured	by	the	vehicles	financed.
	SolarCity	Corporation
Notes	to	Consolidated	Financial	Statements	(continued)
	
2.75%	Convertible	Senior	Notes	Due	in	2018
In	October	2013,	the	Company	issued	$230.0	million	in	aggregate	principal	of	2.75%	convertible	senior	notes	due	on	November	1,	2018	through	a	public	offering.	The	net	proceeds	from	the	offering,	after	deducting	transaction	costs,
were	$222.5	million.	The	debt	issuance	costs	were	recorded	as	a	debt	discount	and	are	being	amortized	to	interest	expense	over	the	contractual	term	of	the	convertible	senior	notes.
Each	$1,000	of	principal	of	the	convertible	senior	notes	is	now,	as	a	result	of	the	acquisition	by	Tesla,	convertible	into	1.7838	shares	of	Tesla’s	common	stock,	which	is	equivalent	to	a	conversion	price	of	$560.60	per	share,	subject	to
adjustment	upon	the	occurrence	of	specified	events	related	to	dividends,	tender	offers	or	exchange	offers.	Holders	of	the	convertible	senior	notes	may	convert	their	convertible	senior	notes	at	their	option	at	any	time	up	to	and	including	the
second	scheduled	trading	day	prior	to	maturity.	If	certain	events	that	would	constitute	a	make-whole	fundamental	change,	such	as	significant	changes	in	ownership,	corporate	structure	or	tradability	of	Tesla’s	common	stock,	occur	prior	to	the
maturity	date,	the	Company	would	increase	the	conversion	rate	for	a	holder	who	elects	to	convert	its	convertible	senior	notes	in	connection	with	such	an	event	in	certain	circumstances.	The	maximum	conversion	rate	is	capped	at	2.3635	shares
for	each	$1,000	of	principal	of	the	convertible	senior	notes,	which	is	equivalent	to	a	minimum	conversion	price	of	$423.10	per	share.	The	convertible	senior	notes	do	not	have	a	cash	conversion	option.	The	convertible	senior	note	holders	may
require	the	Company	to	repurchase	their	convertible	senior	notes	for	cash	only	under	certain	defined	fundamental	changes.	Furthermore,	upon	the	acquisition	by	Tesla,	the	conversion	feature	now	meets	the	criteria	for	bifurcation	as	an
embedded	derivative.	Consequently,	the	value	of	the	conversion	feature	is	now	accounted	for	separately	(see	Note	2,	
Summary	of	Significant	Accounting	Policies	and	Procedures
).
1.625%	Convertible	Senior	Notes	Due	in	2019
In	September	2014,	the	Company	issued	$500.0	million	in	aggregate	principal	of	1.625%	convertible	senior	notes	due	on	November	1,	2019	through	a	private	placement.	The	net	amount	from	the	issuance,	after	deducting	transaction
costs,	was	$488.3	million.	On	October	10,	2014,	the	Company	issued	an	additional	$66.0	million	in	aggregate	principal	of	the	1.625%	convertible	senior	notes,	pursuant	to	the	exercise	of	an	option	by	the	initial	purchasers.	The	net	amount	from
the	additional	issuance,	after	deducting	transaction	costs,	was	$64.5	million.	The	debt	issuance	costs	were	recorded	as	a	debt	discount	and	are	being	amortized	to	interest	expense	over	the	contractual	term	of	the	convertible	senior	notes.
Each	$1,000	of	principal	of	the	convertible	senior	notes	is	now,	as	a	result	of	the	acquisition	by	Tesla,	convertible	into	1.3169	shares	of	Tesla’s	common	stock,	which	is	equivalent	to	a	conversion	price	of	$759.36	per	share,	subject	to
adjustment	upon	the	occurrence	of	specified	events	related	to	dividends,	tender	offers	or	exchange	offers.	Holders	of	the	convertible	senior	notes	may	convert	their	convertible	senior	notes	at	their	option	at	any	time	up	to	and	including	the
second	scheduled	trading	day	prior	to	maturity.	If	certain	events	that	would	constitute	a	make-whole	fundamental	change,	such	as	significant	changes	in	ownership,	corporate	structure	or	tradability	of	Tesla’s	common	stock,	occur	prior	to	the
maturity	date,	the	Company	would	increase	the	conversion	rate	for	a	holder	who	elects	to	convert	its	convertible	senior	notes	in	connection	with	such	an	event	in	certain	circumstances.	The	maximum	conversion	rate	is	capped	at	1.7449	shares
for	each	$1,000	of	principal	of	the	convertible	senior	notes,	which	is	equivalent	to	a	minimum	conversion	price	of	$573.10	per	share.	The	convertible	senior	notes	do	not	have	a	cash	conversion	option.	The	convertible	senior	note	holders	may
require	the	Company	to	repurchase	their	convertible	senior	notes	for	cash	only	under	certain	defined	fundamental	changes.	Furthermore,	upon	the	acquisition	by	Tesla,	the	conversion	feature	now	meets	the	criteria	for	bifurcation	as	an
embedded	derivative.	Consequently,	the	value	of	the	conversion	feature	is	now	accounted	for	separately	(see	Note	2,	
Summary	of	Significant	Accounting	Policies	and	Procedures
).
	SolarCity	Corporation
Notes	to	Consolidated	Financial	Statements	(continued)
	
In	connection	with	the	issuance	of	the	convertible	senior	notes	in	September	2014,	the	Company	paid	$57.6	million	to	enter	into	capped	call	option	agreements	to	reduce	the	potential	equity	dilution	upon	conversion	of	the	convertible
senior	notes.	In	connection	with	the	additional	issuance	of	the	convertible	senior	notes	on	October	10,	2014,	the	Company	paid	$7.6	million	to	enter	into	an	additional	capped	call	option	agreement.	Specifically,	upon	the	exercise	of	the	capped
call	options,	the	Company	would	now,	as	a	result	of	the	acquisition	by	Tesla,	receive	shares	of	Tesla’s	common	stock	equal	to	745,377	shares	multiplied	by	(a)	(i)	the	lower	of	$1,146.18	or	the	then	market	price	of	Tesla’s	common	stock	less	(ii)
$759.36	and	divided	by	(b)	the	then	market	price	of	Tesla’s	common	stock.	The	results	of	this	formula	are	that	the	Company	would	receive	more	shares	as	the	market	price	of	Tesla’s	common	stock	exceeds	$759.36	and	approaches	$1,146.18,	but
the	Company	would	receive	fewer	shares	as	the	market	price	of	Tesla’s	common	stock	exceeds	$1,146.18.	Consequently,	if	the	convertible	senior	notes	are	converted,	then	the	number	of	shares	to	be	issued	by	Tesla	would	be	effectively	partially
offset	by	the	shares	received	by	the	Company	under	the	capped	call	options	as	they	are	exercised.	The	Company	can	also	elect	to	receive	the	equivalent	value	of	cash	in	lieu	of	shares.	The	capped	call	options	expire	on	various	dates	ranging	from
September	4,	2019	to	October	29,	2019,	and	the	formula	above	would	be	adjusted	in	the	event	of	a	merger;	a	tender	offer;	nationalization;	insolvency;	delisting	of	the	Company’s	common	stock;	changes	in	law;	failure	to	deliver;	insolvency	filing;
stock	splits,	combinations,	dividends,	repurchases	or	similar	events;	or	an	announcement	of	certain	of	the	preceding	actions.	Although	intended	to	reduce	the	net	number	of	shares	issued	after	a	conversion	of	the	convertible	senior	notes,	the
capped	call	options	were	separately	negotiated	transactions,	are	not	a	part	of	the	terms	of	the	convertible	senior	notes,	do	not	affect	the	rights	of	the	convertible	senior	note	holders	and	will	take	effect	regardless	of	whether	the	convertible	senior
notes	are	actually	converted.	The	capped	call	options	previously	met	the	criteria	for	equity	classification	because	they	were	indexed	to	the	Company’s	common	stock	and	the	Company	always	controls	whether	settlement	will	be	in	shares	or	cash.
As	a	result,	the	amounts	paid	for	the	capped	call	options	were	previously	recorded	as	reductions	to	additional	paid-in	capital.	However,	upon	the	acquisition	by	Tesla,	the	capped	call	options	no	longer	met	the	criteria	for	equity	classification	and
are	now	accounted	for	as	derivatives	(see	Note	2,	
Summary	of	Significant	Accounting	Policies	and	Procedures
).
Zero-Coupon	Convertible	Senior	Notes	Due	in	2020
In	December	2015,	the	Company	issued	$113.0	million	in	aggregate	principal	of	zero-coupon	convertible	senior	notes	due	on	December	1,	2020	through	a	private	placement.	$13.0	million	of	the	convertible	senior	notes	were	issued	to
related	parties	and	are	separately	presented	on	the	consolidated	balance	sheets	(see	Note	22,	
Related	Party	Transactions
).	The	net	proceeds	from	the	offering,	after	deducting	debt	issuance	costs,	were	$112.8	million.	The	debt	issuance	costs
were	recorded	as	a	debt	discount	and	are	being	amortized	to	interest	expense	over	the	contractual	term	of	the	convertible	senior	notes.
Each	$1,000	of	principal	of	the	convertible	senior	notes	is	now,	as	a	result	of	the	acquisition	by	Tesla,	convertible	into	3.3333	shares	of	Tesla’s	common	stock,	which	is	equivalent	to	a	conversion	price	of	$300.00	per	share,	subject	to
adjustment	upon	the	occurrence	of	specified	events	related	to	dividends,	tender	offers	or	exchange	offers.	Holders	of	the	convertible	senior	notes	may	convert	their	convertible	senior	notes	at	their	option	at	any	time	up	to	and	including	the
second	scheduled	trading	day	prior	to	maturity.	If	certain	events	that	would	constitute	a	make-whole	fundamental	change,	such	as	significant	changes	in	ownership,	corporate	structure	or	tradability	of	Tesla’s	common	stock,	occur	prior	to	the
maturity	date,	the	Company	would	increase	the	conversion	rate	for	a	holder	who	elects	to	convert	its	convertible	senior	notes	in	connection	with	such	an	event	in	certain	circumstances.	The	maximum	conversion	rate	is	capped	at	4.2308	shares
for	each	$1,000	of	principal	of	the	convertible	senior	notes,	which	is	equivalent	to	a	minimum	conversion	price	of	$236.36	per	share.	The	convertible	senior	notes	do	not	have	a	cash	conversion	option.	The	convertible	senior	note	holders	may
require	the	Company	to	repurchase	their	convertible	senior	notes	for	cash	only	under	certain	defined	fundamental	changes.	On	or	after	June	30,	2017,	the	convertible	senior	notes	will	be	redeemable	by	the	Company	in	the	event	that	the	closing
price	of	Tesla’s	common	stock	exceeds	200%	of	the	conversion	price	for	45	consecutive	trading	days	ending	within	three	trading	days	of	such	redemption	notice	at	a	redemption	price	of	par	plus	accrued	and	unpaid	interest	to,	but	excluding,	the
redemption	date.	Furthermore,	upon	the	acquisition	by	Tesla,	the	conversion	feature	now	meets	the	criteria	for	bifurcation	as	an	embedded	derivative.	Consequently,	the	value	of	the	conversion	feature	is	now	accounted	for	separately	(see
Note	2,	
Summary	of	Significant	Accounting	Policies	and	Procedures
).
Solar	Bonds
In	October	2014,	the	Company	commenced	issuing	Solar	Bonds,	which	are	senior	unsecured	obligations	that	are	structurally	subordinate	to	the	indebtedness	and	other	liabilities	of	the	Company’s	subsidiaries.	Solar	Bonds	have	been
issued	under	multiple	series	that	have	various	fixed	terms	and	interest	rates.	In	September	2015,	the	Company	commenced	issuing	Solar	Bonds	with	variable	interest	rates	that	reset	quarterly	and	that	can	be	redeemed	quarterly	at	the	option	of
the	bondholder	or	the	Company,	with	30-day	advance	notice.
	SolarCity	Corporation
Notes	to	Consolidated	Financial	Statements	(continued)
	
In	March	2015,	Space	Exploration	Technologies	Corporation,	or	SpaceX,	purchased	$90.0	million	in	aggregate	principal	amount	of	2.00%	Solar	Bonds	due	in	March	2016.	In	June	2015,	SpaceX	purchased	an	additional	$75.0	million	in
aggregate	principal	amount	of	2.00%	Solar	Bonds	due	in	June	2016.	In	March	2016,	$90.0	million	in	aggregate	principal	amount	of	the	Solar	Bonds	held	by	SpaceX	matured,	and	the	proceeds	were	reinvested	by	SpaceX	in	$90.0	million	in
aggregate	principal	amount	of	4.40%	Solar	Bonds	due	in	March	2017.	In	June	2016,	$75.0	million	in	aggregate	principal	amount	of	the	Solar	Bonds	held	by	SpaceX	matured,	and	the	proceeds	were	reinvested	by	SpaceX	in	$75.0	million	in
aggregate	principal	amount	of	4.40%	Solar	Bonds	due	in	June	2017.
In	August	2016,	Tesla’s	Chief	Executive	Officer,	the	Company’s	Chief	Executive	Officer	and	the	Company’s	Chief	Technology	Officer	purchased	$100.0	million	in	aggregate	principal	amount	of	6.50%	Solar	Bonds	due	in	February	2018.
SpaceX,	Tesla’s	Chief	Executive	Officer,	the	Company’s	Chief	Executive	Officer	and	the	Company’s	Chief	Technology	Officer	were	considered	related	parties;	the	Company	has	also	issued	Solar	Bonds	to	other	related	parties;	and	such
Solar	Bonds	are	separately	presented	on	the	consolidated	balance	sheets	(see	Note	22,	
Related	Party	Transactions
).
Non-Recourse	Debt	Facilities:
Term	Loan	Due	in	May	2016
On	May	23,	2014,	a	subsidiary	of	the	Company	entered	into	an	agreement	with	a	syndicate	of	banks	for	a	term	loan.	The	term	loan	bore	interest	at	an	annual	rate	of	3.00%	to	4.00%,	depending	on	the	cumulative	period	the	term	loan
was	been	outstanding,	plus	LIBOR	or,	at	the	Company’s	option,	plus	the	highest	of	(i)	the	Federal	Funds	Rate	plus	0.50%,	(ii)	Bank	of	America’s	published	“prime	rate”	or	(iii)	LIBOR	plus	1.00%.	The	term	loan	was	secured	by	certain	assets	and
cash	flows	of	the	subsidiary	and	was	non-recourse	to	the	Company’s	other	assets	or	cash	flows.	In	the	first	quarter	of	2016,	the	Company	fully	repaid	the	term	loan.
Term	Loan	Due	in	December	2016
On	February	4,	2014,	a	subsidiary	of	the	Company	entered	into	an	agreement	with	a	syndicate	of	banks	for	a	term	loan.	The	term	loan	bore	interest	at	an	annual	rate	of	LIBOR	plus	3.25%	or,	at	the	Company’s	option,	3.25%	plus	the
highest	of	(i)	the	Federal	Funds	Rate	plus	0.50%,	(ii)	Bank	of	America’s	published	“prime	rate”	or	(iii)	LIBOR	plus	1.00%.	The	term	loan	was	secured	by	the	assets	and	cash	flows	of	the	subsidiary	and	was	non-recourse	to	the	Company’s	other
assets	or	cash	flows.	During	2016,	the	Company	fully	repaid	the	term	loan.
Term	Loan	Due	in	December	2017
On	March	31,	2016,	a	subsidiary	of	the	Company	entered	into	an	agreement	for	a	term	loan.	The	term	loan	bears	interest	at	an	annual	rate	of	the	lender’s	cost	of	funds	plus	3.25%.	The	fee	for	undrawn	commitments	is	0.85%	per
annum.	The	term	loan	is	secured	by	substantially	all	of	the	assets	and	cash	flows	of	the	subsidiary	and	is	non-recourse	to	the	Company’s	other	assets	or	cash	flows.
Term	Loan	Due	in	January	2021
In	January	2016,	a	subsidiary	of	the	Company	entered	into	an	agreement	with	a	syndicate	of	banks	for	a	term	loan.	The	term	loan	bears	interest	at	an	annual	rate	of	three-month	LIBOR	plus	3.50%.	The	term	loan	is	secured	by
substantially	all	of	the	assets	of	the	subsidiary,	including	its	interests	in	certain	financing	funds,	and	is	non-recourse	to	the	Company’s	other	assets.	During	2016,	the	Company	repaid	$4.4	million	of	the	principal	outstanding	under	the	term	loan.
MyPower	Revolving	Credit	Facility
On	January	9,	2015,	a	subsidiary	of	the	Company	entered	into	a	$200.0	million	revolving	credit	agreement	with	a	syndicate	of	banks	to	obtain	funding	for	the	MyPower	customer	loan	program.	The	MyPower	revolving	credit	facility
initially	provided	up	to	$160.0	million	of	Class	A	notes	and	up	to	$40.0	million	of	Class	B	notes.	On	December	16,	2015,	the	committed	amount	under	the	Class	A	notes	was	increased	to	$200.0	million.	On	September	30,	2016,	the	committed
amount	under	the	Class	A	notes	was	decreased	to	$155.0	million,	and	the	committed	amount	under	the	Class	B	notes	was	decreased	to	$35.0	million.	The	Class	A	notes	bear	interest	at	an	annual	rate	of	2.50%	plus	(a)	the	commercial	paper	rate
or	(b)	1.50%	plus	adjusted	LIBOR.	The	Class	B	notes	bear	interest	at	an	annual	rate	of	5.00%	plus	LIBOR.	The	fee	for	undrawn	commitments	under	the	Class	A	notes	is	0.50%	per	annum.	The	fee	for	undrawn	commitments	under	the	Class	B	notes
is	0.50%	per	annum.	The	MyPower	revolving	credit	facility	is	secured	by	the	payments	owed	to	the	Company	or	its	subsidiaries	under	MyPower	customer	loans	and	is	non-recourse	to	the	Company’s	other	assets.
	SolarCity	Corporation
Notes	to	Consolidated	Financial	Statements	(continued)
	
Revolving	Aggregation	Credit	Facility
On	May	4,	2015,	a	subsidiary	of	the	Company	entered	into	an	agreement	with	a	syndicate	of	banks	for	a	revolving	aggregation	credit	facility.	On	March	23,	2016,	the	agreement	was	amended	to	modify	the	interest	rates,	extend	the
availability	period	and	extend	the	maturity	date.	The	revolving	aggregation	credit	facility	bears	interest	at	an	annual	rate	of	3.25%	plus	(i)	for	commercial	paper	loans,	the	commercial	paper	rate	and	(ii)	for	LIBOR	loans,	at	the	Company’s	option,
three-month	LIBOR	or	daily	LIBOR.	The	revolving	aggregation	credit	facility	is	secured	by	certain	assets	and	cash	flows	of	certain	subsidiaries	of	the	Company	and	is	non-recourse	to	the	Company’s	other	assets	or	cash	flows.
Solar	Renewable	Energy	Credit	Term	Loans
On	March	31,	2016,	a	subsidiary	of	the	Company	entered	into	an	agreement	for	a	term	loan.	The	term	loan	bears	interest	at	an	annual	rate	of	one-month	LIBOR	plus	9.00%	or,	at	the	Company’s	option,	8.00%	plus	the	highest	of	(i)	the
Federal	Funds	Rate	plus	0.50%,	(ii)	the	prime	rate	or	(iii)	one-month	LIBOR	plus	1.00%.	The	term	loan	is	secured	by	substantially	all	of	the	assets	of	the	subsidiary,	including	its	rights	under	forward	contracts	to	sell	solar	renewable	energy
credits,	and	is	non-recourse	to	the	Company’s	other	assets.
On	July	14,	2016,	the	same	subsidiary	entered	into	an	agreement	for	another	term	loan.	The	term	loan	bears	interest	at	an	annual	rate	of	one-month	LIBOR	plus	5.75%	or,	at	the	Company’s	option,	4.75%	plus	the	highest	of	(i)	the
Federal	Funds	Rate	plus	0.50%,	(ii)	the	prime	rate	or	(iii)	one-month	LIBOR	plus	1.00%.	The	term	loan	is	secured	by	substantially	all	of	the	assets	of	the	subsidiary,	including	its	rights	under	forward	contracts	to	sell	solar	renewable	energy
credits,	and	is	non-recourse	to	the	Company’s	other	assets.
During	2016,	the	Company	repaid	$18.6	million	of	the	principal	outstanding	under	the	term	loans.
Cash	Equity	Debt	I
In	connection	with	the	cash	equity	financing	on	May	2,	2016	discussed	in	Note	11,	
Cash	Equity	Financings
,	the	Company	issued	$121.7	million	in	aggregate	principal	of	debt	that	bears	interest	at	a	fixed	rate	of	5.65%	per	annum.	This
debt	is	secured	by,	among	other	things,	the	Company’s	interests	in	certain	financing	funds	and	is	non-recourse	to	the	Company’s	other	assets.
Cash	Equity	Debt	II
In	connection	with	the	cash	equity	financing	on	September	8,	2016	discussed	in	Note	11,	the	Company	issued	$210.0	million	in	aggregate	principal	of	debt	that	bears	interest	at	a	fixed	rate	of	5.25%	per	annum.	This	debt	is	secured	by,
among	other	things,	the	Company’s	interests	in	certain	financing	funds	and	is	non-recourse	to	the	Company’s	other	assets.
Cash	Equity	Debt	III
In	connection	with	the	cash	equity	financing	on	December	16,	2016	discussed	in	Note	11,	the	Company	issued	$170.0	million	in	aggregate	principal	of	debt	that	bears	interest	at	a	fixed	rate	of	5.81%	per	annum.	This	debt	is	secured
by,	among	other	things,	the	Company’s	interests	in	certain	financing	funds	and	is	non-recourse	to	the	Company’s	other	assets.
Solar	Asset-backed	Notes,	Series	2013-1
In	November	2013,	the	Company	pooled	and	transferred	qualifying	solar	energy	systems	and	the	associated	customer	contracts	into	a	SPE	and	issued	$54.4	million	in	aggregate	principal	of	Solar	Asset-backed	Notes,	Series	2013-1,
backed	by	these	solar	assets	to	investors.	The	SPE	is	wholly	owned	by	the	Company	and	is	consolidated	in	the	Company’s	financial	statements.	Accordingly,	the	Company	did	not	recognize	a	gain	or	loss	on	the	transfer	of	these	solar	assets.	As	of
December	31,	2016,	these	solar	assets	had	a	carrying	value	of	$133.0	million	and	are	included	under	solar	energy	systems,	leased	and	to	be	leased	—	net,	in	the	consolidated	balance	sheets.	The	Solar	Asset-backed	Notes	were	issued	at	a
discount	of	0.05%.	The	cash	flows	generated	by	these	solar	assets	are	used	to	service	the	monthly	principal	and	interest	payments	on	the	Solar	Asset-backed	Notes	and	satisfy	the	SPE’s	expenses,	and	any	remaining	cash	is	distributed	to	a	wholly
owned	subsidiary	of	the	Company.	The	Company	recognizes	revenue	earned	from	the	associated	customer	contracts	in	accordance	with	the	Company’s	revenue	recognition	policy.	The	SPE’s	assets	and	cash	flows	are	not	available	to	the	other
creditors	of	the	Company,	and	the	creditors	of	the	SPE,	including	the	Solar	Asset-backed	Note	holders,	have	no	recourse	to	the	Company’s	other	assets.	The	Company	contracted	with	the	SPE	to	provide	operations	and	maintenance	and
administrative	services	for	the	qualifying	solar	energy	systems.
	SolarCity	Corporation
Notes	to	Consolidated	Financial	Statements	(continued)
	
In	connection	with	the	pooling	of	the	assets	that	were	transferred	to	the	SPE	in	November	2013,	the	Company	terminated	a	lease	pass-through	arrangement	with	an	investor.	The	lease	pass-through	arrangement	had	been	accounted
for	as	a	borrowing	and	any	amounts	outstanding	from	the	lease	pass-through	arrangement	were	recorded	as	a	lease	pass-through	financing	obligation.	The	balance	that	was	then	outstanding	from	the	lease	pass-through	arrangement	was
$56.4	million.	The	Company	paid	the	investor	an	aggregate	of	$40.2	million,	and	the	remaining	balance	is	to	be	paid	over	time.	The	remaining	balance	is	paid	using	the	net	cash	flows	generated	by	the	same	assets	previously	leased	under	the
lease	pass-through	arrangement,	after	payment	of	the	principal	and	interest	on	the	Solar	Asset-backed	Notes	and	expenses	related	to	the	assets	and	the	Notes,	including	asset	management	fees,	custodial	fees	and	trustee	fees,	and	was
contractually	documented	as	a	right	to	participate	in	future	cash	flows	of	the	SPE.	This	right	to	participate	in	future	residual	cash	flows	generated	by	the	assets	of	the	SPE	has	been	recorded	as	a	component	of	other	liabilities	and	deferred	credits
for	the	non-current	portion	and	as	a	component	of	accrued	and	other	current	liabilities	for	the	current	portion	under	the	caption	“participation	interest.”	The	Company	accounts	for	the	participation	interest	as	a	liability	because	the	investor	has
no	voting	or	management	rights	in	the	SPE,	the	participation	interest	would	terminate	upon	the	investor	achieving	a	specified	return	and	the	investor	has	the	option	to	put	the	participation	interest	to	the	Company	on	August	3,	2021	for	the
amount	necessary	for	the	investor	to	achieve	the	specified	return,	which	would	require	the	Company	to	settle	the	participation	interest	in	cash.	In	addition,	under	the	terms	of	the	participation	interest,	the	Company	has	the	option	to	purchase
the	participation	interest	from	the	investor	for	the	amount	necessary	for	the	investor	to	achieve	the	specified	return.
Solar	Asset-backed	Notes,	2014-1
In	April	2014,	the	Company	pooled	and	transferred	qualifying	solar	energy	systems	and	the	associated	customer	contracts	into	a	SPE	and	issued	$70.2	million	in	aggregate	principal	of	Solar	Asset-backed	Notes,	Series	2014-1,	backed
by	these	solar	assets	to	investors.	The	SPE	is	wholly	owned	by	the	Company	and	is	consolidated	in	the	Company’s	financial	statements.	Accordingly,	the	Company	did	not	recognize	a	gain	or	loss	on	the	transfer	of	these	solar	assets.	As	of
December	31,	2016,	these	solar	assets	had	a	carrying	value	of	$124.8	million	and	are	included	under	solar	energy	systems,	leased	and	to	be	leased	—	net,	in	the	consolidated	balance	sheets.	The	Solar	Asset-backed	Notes	were	issued	at	a
discount	of	0.01%.	The	cash	flows	generated	by	these	solar	assets	are	used	to	service	the	monthly	principal	and	interest	payments	on	the	Solar	Asset-backed	Notes	and	satisfy	the	SPE’s	expenses,	and	any	remaining	cash	is	distributed	to	a	wholly
owned	subsidiary	of	the	Company.	The	Company	recognizes	revenue	earned	from	the	associated	customer	contracts	in	accordance	with	the	Company’s	revenue	recognition	policy.	The	SPE’s	assets	and	cash	flows	are	not	available	to	the	other
creditors	of	the	Company,	and	the	creditors	of	the	SPE,	including	the	Solar	Asset-backed	Note	holders,	have	no	recourse	to	the	Company’s	other	assets.	The	Company	contracted	with	the	SPE	to	provide	operations	and	maintenance	and
administrative	services	for	the	qualifying	solar	energy	systems.
Solar	Asset-backed	Notes,	Series	2014-2
In	July	2014,	the	Company	pooled	and	transferred	qualifying	solar	energy	systems	and	the	associated	customer	contracts	into	a	SPE	and	issued	$160.0	million	in	aggregate	principal	of	Solar	Asset-backed	Notes,	Series	2014-2,	Class	A,
and	$41.5	million	in	aggregate	principal	of	Solar	Asset-backed	Notes,	Series	2014-2,	Class	B,	backed	by	these	solar	assets	to	investors.	The	SPE	is	wholly	owned	by	the	Company	and	is	consolidated	in	the	Company’s	financial	statements.
Accordingly,	the	Company	did	not	recognize	a	gain	or	loss	on	the	transfer	of	these	solar	assets.	As	of	December	31,	2016,	these	solar	assets	had	a	carrying	value	of	$265.7	million	and	are	included	under	solar	energy	systems,	leased	and	to	be
leased	—	net,	in	the	consolidated	balance	sheets.	The	Solar	Asset-backed	Notes	were	issued	at	a	discount	of	0.01%.	These	solar	assets	and	the	associated	customer	contracts	are	leased	to	an	investor	under	a	lease	pass-through	arrangement	that
the	Company	has	accounted	for	as	a	borrowing.	The	rent	paid	by	the	investor	under	the	lease	pass-through	arrangement	is	used	(and,	following	the	expiration	of	the	lease	pass-through	arrangement,	the	cash	generated	by	these	solar	assets	will
be	used)	to	service	the	semi-annual	principal	and	interest	payments	on	the	Solar	Asset-backed	Notes	and	satisfy	the	SPE’s	expenses,	and	any	remaining	cash	is	distributed	to	a	wholly	owned	subsidiary	of	the	Company.	The	Company	recognizes
revenue	earned	from	the	associated	customer	contracts	in	accordance	with	the	Company’s	revenue	recognition	policy.	The	SPE’s	assets	and	cash	flows	are	not	available	to	the	other	creditors	of	the	Company,	and	the	creditors	of	the	SPE,
including	the	Solar	Asset-backed	Note	holders,	have	no	recourse	to	the	Company’s	other	assets.	The	Company	contracted	with	the	SPE	to	provide	operations	and	maintenance	and	administrative	services	for	certain	of	the	qualifying	solar	energy
systems.
Solar	Asset-backed	Notes,	Series	2015-1
In	August	2015,	the	Company	pooled	and	transferred	its	interests	in	certain	financing	funds	into	a	SPE	and	issued	$103.5	million	in	aggregate	principal	of	Solar	Asset-backed	Notes,	Series	2015-1,	Class	A,	and	$20.0	million	in
aggregate	principal	of	Solar	Asset-backed	Notes,	Series	2015-1,	Class	B,	backed	by	these	solar	assets	to	investors.	The	SPE	is	wholly	owned	by	the	Company	and	is	consolidated	in	the	Company’s	financial	statements.	Accordingly,	the	Company
did	not	recognize	a	gain	or	loss	on	the	transfer	of	these	solar	assets	and	continues	to	consolidate	the	underlying	financing	funds	(see	Note	13,	
VIE	Arrangements
).	The
	SolarCity	Corporation
Notes	to	Consolidated	Financial	Statements	(continued)
	
Solar	Asset-backed	Notes	were	issued	at	a	discount	of	0.05%	for	Class	A	and	1.46%	for	Class	B.	The	cash	distributed	by	the	underlying	financing	funds	to	the	SPE	are	used	to	service	the	semi-annual	principal	and	interest	payments	on	the	Solar
Asset-backed	Notes	and	satisfy	the	SPE’s	expenses,	and	any	remaining	cash	is	distributed	to	a	wholly	owned	subsidiary	of	the	Company.	The	SPE’s	assets	and	cash	flows	are	not	available	to	the	other	creditors	of	the	Company,	and	the	creditors	of
the	SPE,	including	the	Solar	Asset-backed	Note	holders,	have	no	recourse	to	the	Company’s	other	assets.
Solar	Asset-backed	Notes,	Series	2016-1
In	February	2016,	the	Company	transferred	qualifying	solar	energy	systems	and	the	associated	customer	contracts	into	a	SPE	and	issued	$52.2	million	in	aggregate	principal	of	Solar	Asset-backed	Notes,	Series	2016-1,	backed	by
these	solar	assets	to	investors.	The	SPE	is	wholly	owned	by	the	Company	and	is	consolidated	in	the	Company’s	financial	statements.	Accordingly,	the	Company	did	not	recognize	a	gain	or	loss	on	the	transfer	of	these	solar	assets.	As	of
December	31,	2016,	these	solar	assets	had	a	carrying	value	of	$71.7	million	and	are	included	under	solar	energy	systems,	leased	and	to	be	leased	—	net,	in	the	consolidated	balance	sheets.	The	Solar	Asset-backed	Notes	were	issued	at	a	discount
of	6.71%.	These	solar	assets	and	the	associated	customer	contracts	are	leased	to	an	investor	under	a	lease	pass-through	arrangement	that	the	Company	has	accounted	for	as	a	borrowing.	The	rent	paid	by	the	investor	under	the	lease	pass-
through	arrangement	is	used	(and,	following	the	expiration	of	the	lease	pass-through	arrangement,	the	cash	generated	by	these	solar	assets	will	be	used)	to	service	the	semi-annual	principal	and	interest	payments	on	the	Solar	Asset-backed
Notes	and	satisfy	the	SPE’s	expenses,	and	any	remaining	cash	is	distributed	to	a	wholly	owned	subsidiary	of	the	Company.	The	Company	recognizes	revenue	earned	from	the	associated	customer	contracts	in	accordance	with	the	Company’s
revenue	recognition	policy.	The	SPE’s	assets	and	cash	flows	are	not	available	to	the	other	creditors	of	the	Company,	and	the	creditors	of	the	SPE,	including	the	Solar	Asset-backed	Note	holders,	have	no	recourse	to	the	Company’s	other	assets.
The	Company	contracted	with	the	SPE	to	provide	operations	and	maintenance	and	administrative	services	for	certain	of	the	qualifying	solar	energy	systems.
Solar	Loan-backed	Notes,	Series	2016-A
On	January	21,	2016,	the	Company	pooled	and	transferred	certain	MyPower	customer	notes	receivable	into	a	SPE	and	issued	$151.6	million	in	aggregate	principal	of	Solar	Loan-backed	Notes,	Series	2016-A,	Class	A,	and	$33.4	million
in	aggregate	principal	of	Solar	Loan-backed	Notes,	Series	2016-A,	Class	B,	backed	by	these	notes	receivable	to	investors.	The	SPE	is	wholly	owned	by	the	Company	and	is	consolidated	in	the	Company’s	financial	statements.	Accordingly,	the
Company	did	not	recognize	a	gain	or	loss	on	the	transfer	of	these	notes	receivable.	The	Solar	Loan-backed	Notes	were	issued	at	a	discount	of	3.22%	for	Class	A	and	15.90%	for	Class	B.	The	payments	received	by	the	SPE	under	these	notes
receivable	are	used	to	service	the	semi-annual	principal	and	interest	payments	on	the	Solar	Loan-backed	Notes	and	satisfy	the	SPE’s	expenses,	and	any	remaining	cash	is	distributed	to	a	wholly	owned	subsidiary	of	the	Company.	The	SPE’s	assets
and	cash	flows	are	not	available	to	the	other	creditors	of	the	Company,	and	the	creditors	of	the	SPE,	including	the	Solar	Loan-backed	Note	holders,	have	no	recourse	to	the	Company’s	other	assets.
Schedule	of	Principal	Maturities	of	Debt
The	future	scheduled	principal	maturities	of	debt	as	of	December	31,	2016	were	as	follows	(in	thousands):
	
	
	
Recourse
	
Debt
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Excluding
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Convertible
	
	
Non-Recourse
	
	
Convertible
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Senior	Notes
	
	
Debt
	
	
Senior	Notes
	
	
Total
	
2017
	
$
563,017
	
	
$
265,567
	
	
$
—
	
	
$
828,584
	
2018
	
	
131,564
	
	
	
479,792
	
	
	
230,000
	
	
	
841,356
	
2019
	
	
781
	
	
	
52,978
	
	
	
566,000
	
	
	
619,759
	
2020
	
	
14,994
	
	
	
50,830
	
	
	
113,000
	
	
	
178,824
	
2021
	
	
2,326
	
	
	
195,599
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
197,925
	
Thereafter
	
	
7,149
	
	
	
906,808
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
913,957
	
Total
	
$
719,831
	
	
$
1,951,574
	
	
$
909,000
	
	
$
3,580,405
	
	
13.	VIE	Arrangements
The	Company	has	entered	into	various	arrangements	with	investors	to	facilitate	funding	and	monetization	of	solar	energy	systems.	These	arrangements	include	those	described	in	this	Note	13,	
VIE	Arrangements
,	as	well	as	those
described	in	Note	14,	
Lease	Pass-Through	Financing	Obligation
,	Note	15,	
Sale-Leaseback	Arrangements
,	and	Note	16,	
Sale-Leaseback	Financing	Obligation
.
	SolarCity	Corporation
Notes	to	Consolidated	Financial	Statements	(continued)
	
Wholly	owned	subsidiaries	of	the	Company	and	fund	investors	formed	and	contributed	cash	or	assets	to	various	financing	funds	and	entered	into	related	agreements.	The	following	table	shows	the	number	of	funds	by	investor
classification,	carrying	value	of	the	solar	energy	systems	in	the	funds,	total	investor	contributions	received	and	undrawn	investor	contributions	as	of	December	31,	2016	(in	thousands,	except	for	number	of	funds,	and	unaudited)	for	funds	that
have	been	determined	to	be	VIEs:
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Total
	
	
	
	
	
	
Carrying
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Investor
	
	
Undrawn
	
	
Value	of
	
Investor
	
Number
	
	
Contributions
	
	
Investor
	
	
Solar	Energy
	
Classification
	
of	Funds
	
	
Received
	
	
Contributions
	
	
Systems
	
Financial	institutions
	
	
34
	
	
$
2,623,918
	
	
$
106,850
	
	
$
2,658,407
	
Corporations
	
	
8
	
	
	
1,020,058
	
	
	
130,209
	
	
	
1,038,946
	
Utilities
	
	
4
	
	
	
278,888
	
	
	
35,033
	
	
	
274,764
	
Other	investors
	
	
1
	
	
	
1,788
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
3,097.0
	
Total
	
	
47
	
	
$
3,924,652
	
	
$
272,092
	
	
$
3,975,214
The	Company	has	determined	that	the	funds	are	VIEs	and	it	is	the	primary	beneficiary	of	these	VIEs	by	reference	to	the	power	and	benefits	criterion	under	ASC	810,	
Consolidation
.	The	Company	has	considered	the	provisions	within
the	contractual	agreements,	which	grant	it	power	to	manage	and	make	decisions	that	affect	the	operation	of	these	VIEs,	including	determining	the	solar	energy	systems	and	associated	customer	contracts	to	be	sold	or	contributed	to	these	VIEs,
the	redeployment	of	solar	energy	systems	and	management	of	customer	receivables.	The	Company	considers	that	the	rights	granted	to	the	fund	investors	under	the	contractual	agreements	are	more	protective	in	nature	rather	than	participating.
Pursuant	to	management	services,	maintenance	and	warranty	arrangements,	the	Company	has	been	contracted	to	provide	services	to	the	funds,	such	as	operations	and	maintenance	support,	accounting,	lease	servicing	and
performance	reporting.	In	some	instances,	the	Company	has	guaranteed	payments	to	the	investors	as	specified	in	the	contractual	agreements.	A	fund’s	creditors	have	no	recourse	to	the	general	credit	of	the	Company	or	to	that	of	other	funds.
None	of	the	assets	of	the	funds	have	been	pledged	as	collateral	for	their	obligations.
As	the	primary	beneficiary	of	these	VIEs,	the	Company	consolidates	in	its	financial	statements	the	financial	position,	results	of	operations	and	cash	flows	of	these	VIEs,	and	all	intercompany	balances	and	transactions	between	the
Company	and	these	VIEs	are	eliminated	in	the	consolidated	financial	statements.
Cash	distributions	of	income	and	other	receipts	by	a	fund,	net	of	agreed	upon	expenses,	estimated	expenses,	tax	benefits	and	detriments	of	income	and	loss	and	tax	credits,	are	allocated	to	the	fund	investor	and	the	Company’s
subsidiary	as	specified	in	contractual	agreements.
Generally,	the	Company’s	subsidiary	has	the	option	to	acquire	the	fund	investor’s	interest	in	the	fund	for	an	amount	based	on	the	market	value	of	the	fund	or	the	formula	specified	in	the	contractual	agreements.
As	of	December	31,	2016	and	2015,	the	Company	was	contractually	required	to	make	payments	to	a	fund	investor	in	order	to	ensure	the	investor	is	projected	to	achieve	a	specified	minimum	return	annually.	The	amounts	of	any
potential	future	payments	under	this	guarantee	are	dependent	on	the	amounts	and	timing	of	future	distributions	to	the	investor	from	the	fund,	the	tax	benefits	that	accrue	to	the	investor	from	the	fund’s	activities	and	the	amount	and	timing	of	the
Company’s	purchase	of	the	investor’s	interest	in	the	fund	or	the	amount	and	timing	of	the	distributions	to	the	investor	upon	liquidation	of	the	fund.	Due	to	uncertainties	associated	with	estimating	the	amount	and	timing	of	distributions	to	the
investor	and	the	possibility	and	timing	of	the	liquidation	of	the	fund,	the	Company	is	unable	to	determine	the	potential	maximum	future	payments	that	it	would	have	to	make	under	this	guarantee.
Upon	the	sale	or	liquidation	of	a	fund,	distributions	would	occur	in	the	order	and	priority	specified	in	the	contractual	agreements.
	SolarCity	Corporation
Notes	to	Consolidated	Financial	Statements	(continued)
	
The	Company	presents	the	solar	energy	systems	in	the	VIEs	under	solar	energy	systems,	leased	and	to	be	leased	–	net	in	the	consolidated	balance	sheets.	The	aggregate	carrying	values	of	the	VIEs’	assets	and	liabilities,	after
elimination	of	intercompany	transactions	and	balances,	in	the	consolidated	balance	sheets	were	as	follows	(in	thousands):
	
	
	
2016
	
	
2015
	
Assets
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Current	assets:
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Cash	and	cash	equivalents
	
$
44,091
	
	
$
32,105
	
Restricted	cash
	
	
20,916
	
	
	
44
	
Accounts	receivable	-	net
	
	
16,023
	
	
	
10,116
	
Rebates	receivable
	
	
6,646
	
	
	
6,220
	
Prepaid	expenses	and	other	current	assets
	
	
7,532
	
	
	
1,740
	
Total	current	assets
	
	
95,208
	
	
	
50,225
	
Solar	energy	systems,	leased	and	to	be	leased	-	net
	
	
3,975,214
	
	
	
2,779,363
	
Other	assets
	
	
63,050
	
	
	
11,204
	
Total	assets
	
$
4,133,472
	
	
$
2,840,792
	
Liabilities
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Current	liabilities:
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Accounts	payable
	
$
20
	
	
$
—
	
Distributions	payable	to	noncontrolling	interests
			and	redeemable	noncontrolling	interests
	
	
24,085
	
	
	
26,769
	
Current	portion	of	deferred	U.S.	Treasury	grant	income
	
	
6,506
	
	
	
6,506
	
Accrued	and	other	current	liabilities
	
	
8,524
	
	
	
598
	
Customer	deposits
	
	
1,169
	
	
	
2,928
	
Current	portion	of	deferred	revenue
	
	
44,050
	
	
	
24,794
	
Current	portion	of	long-term	debt
	
	
87,467
	
	
	
—
	
Total	current	liabilities
	
	
171,821
	
	
	
61,595
	
Deferred	revenue,	net	of	current	portion
	
	
394,920
	
	
	
308,798
	
Long-term	debt,	net	of	current	portion
	
	
475,537
	
	
	
—
	
Deferred	U.S.	Treasury	grant	income,	net	of	current
			portion
	
	
157,665
	
	
	
164,191
	
Other	liabilities	and	deferred	credits
	
	
92,410
	
	
	
28,460
	
Total	liabilities
	
$
1,292,353
	
	
$
563,044
	
The	Company	is	contractually	obligated	to	make	certain	fund	investors	whole	if	they	suffer	certain	losses	resulting	from	the	disallowance	or	recapture	of	ITCs	or	U.S.	Treasury	grants.	The	Company	accounts	for	distributions	due	to	the
fund	investors	arising	from	a	reduction	of	anticipated	ITCs	or	U.S.	Treasury	grants	received	under	distributions	payable	to	noncontrolling	interests	and	redeemable	noncontrolling	interests	in	the	consolidated	balance	sheets.	As	of	December	31,
2016	and	2015,	the	Company	had	accrued	$0.3	million	and	$2.7	million,	respectively,	for	this	obligation.
	
	
14.	Lease	Pass-Through	Financing	Obligation
Through	December	31,	2016,	the	Company	had	entered	into	eight	transactions	referred	to	as	“lease	pass-through	fund	arrangements.”	Under	these	arrangements,	the	Company’s	wholly	owned	subsidiaries	finance	the	cost	of	solar
energy	systems	with	investors	through	arrangements	contractually	structured	as	master	leases	for	an	initial	term	ranging	between	10	and	25	years.	These	solar	energy	systems	are	subject	to	lease	or	power	purchase	agreements	with	customers
with	an	initial	term	not	exceeding	20	years.	These	solar	energy	systems	are	included	under	solar	energy	systems,	leased	and	to	be	leased	–	net	in	the	consolidated	balance	sheets.	As	discussed	in	Note	12,	
Indebtedness,
	in	November	2013,	in
connection	with	the	Company	pooling	assets	for	purposes	of	issuing	Solar	Asset-backed	Notes,	the	Company	terminated	a	lease	pass-through	fund	arrangement	with	an	investor.
The	cost	of	the	solar	energy	systems	under	the	lease	pass-through	fund	arrangements	as	of	December	31,	2016	and	2015	was	$963.4	million	and	$670.5	million,	respectively.	The	accumulated	depreciation	related	to	these	assets	as	of
December	31,	2016	and	2015	was	$76.8	million	and	$52.8	million,	respectively.	The	total	lease	pass-through	financing	obligation	as	of	December	31,	2016	and	2015	was	$120.5	million	and	$89.5	million,	respectively,	of	which	$51.5	million	and
$34.0	million,	respectively,	was	classified	as	current	liabilities.
	SolarCity	Corporation
Notes	to	Consolidated	Financial	Statements	(continued)
	
Under	lease	pass-through	fund	arrangements,	the	investors	make	a	large	upfront	payment	to	the	lessor,	which	is	a	subsidiary	of	the	Company,	and	in	some	cases,	subsequent	periodic	payments.	The	Company	allocates	a	portion	of	the
aggregate	payments	received	from	the	investors	to	the	estimated	fair	value	of	the	assigned	ITCs,	and	the	balance	to	the	future	customer	lease	payments	that	are	also	assigned	to	the	investors.	The	estimated	fair	value	of	the	ITCs	are	determined
by	discounting	the	estimated	cash	flows	impact	of	the	ITCs	using	an	appropriate	discount	rate	that	reflects	a	market	interest	rate.	The	Company	has	an	obligation	to	ensure	the	solar	energy	system	is	in	service	and	operational	for	a	term	of	five
years	to	avoid	any	recapture	of	the	ITCs.	The	amounts	allocated	to	ITCs	are	initially	recorded	as	deferred	revenue	on	the	consolidated	balance	sheets,	and	subsequently,	one-fifth	of	the	amounts	allocated	to	ITCs	is	recognized	as	revenue	from
operating	leases	and	solar	energy	systems	incentives	on	the	consolidated	statements	of	operations	on	each	anniversary	of	the	solar	energy	system’s	placed	in	service	date	over	the	next	five	years.
The	Company	accounts	for	the	residual	of	the	payments	received	from	the	investors	as	a	borrowing	by	recording	the	proceeds	received	as	a	lease	pass-through	financing	obligation,	which	is	repaid	from	U.S.	Treasury	grants	(where
applicable),	customer	payments	and	incentive	rebates	that	are	expected	to	be	received	by	the	investors.	Under	this	approach,	the	Company	continues	to	account	for	the	arrangement	with	the	customers	in	its	consolidated	financial	statements,
whether	the	cash	generated	from	the	customer	arrangements	is	received	by	the	Company	or	paid	directly	to	the	investors.	A	portion	of	the	amounts	received	by	the	investors	from	U.S.	Treasury	grants	(where	applicable),	customer	payments	and
incentive	rebates	is	applied	to	reduce	the	lease	pass-through	financing	obligation,	and	the	balance	is	allocated	to	interest	expense.	The	incentive	rebates	and	customer	payments	are	recognized	into	revenue	consistent	with	the	Company’s
revenue	recognition	accounting	policy.	The	U.S.	Treasury	grants	are	initially	recorded	as	deferred	U.S.	Treasury	grants	income	and	subsequently	recognized	as	a	reduction	to	depreciation	expense,	consistent	with	the	Company’s	accounting
policy	for	recognition	of	U.S.	Treasury	grants	income.	Interest	is	calculated	on	the	lease	pass-through	financing	obligation	using	the	effective	interest	rate	method.	The	effective	interest	rate	is	the	interest	rate	that	equates	the	present	value	of
the	cash	amounts	to	be	received	by	an	investor	over	the	master	lease	term	with	the	present	value	of	the	cash	amounts	paid	by	the	investor	to	the	Company,	adjusted	for	any	payments	made	by	the	Company.	The	lease	pass-through	financing
obligation	is	non-recourse	once	the	associated	assets	have	been	placed	in	service	and	all	the	customer	arrangements	have	been	assigned	to	the	investors.
As	of	December	31,	2016,	the	future	minimum	lease	payments	to	be	received	from	the	investors	based	on	the	solar	energy	systems	currently	under	the	lease	pass-through	fund	arrangements,	for	each	of	the	next	five	years	and
thereafter,	were	as	follows	(in	thousands):
	
2017
	
$
37,208
	
2018
	
	
37,653
	
2019
	
	
36,371
	
2020
	
	
35,622
	
2021
	
	
35,413
	
Thereafter
	
	
381,289
	
Total
	
$
563,556
	
For	two	of	the	lease	pass-through	fund	arrangements,	the	Company’s	subsidiaries	have	pledged	its	assets	to	the	investors	as	security	for	their	obligations	under	the	contractual	agreements.
For	each	of	the	lease	pass-through	fund	arrangements,	the	Company	is	required	to	comply	with	certain	financial	covenants	specified	in	the	contractual	agreements,	which	the	Company	had	met	as	of	December	31,	2016.	In	addition,
the	Company	is	responsible	for	any	warranties,	performance	guarantees,	accounting	and	performance	reporting.	Furthermore,	there	is	a	one-time	future	lease	payment	reset	mechanism	that	is	set	to	occur	after	all	of	the	solar	energy	systems	are
delivered	and	placed	in	service	in	a	fund.	This	reset	date	occurs	when	the	installed	capacity	of	the	solar	energy	systems	and	their	in-service	dates	are	known	or	on	an	agreed	upon	date.	As	part	of	this	reset	process,	the	lease	prepayment	is
updated	to	reflect	certain	specified	conditions	as	they	exist	at	such	date,	including	the	final	installed	capacity,	cost	and	placed-in-service	dates	of	the	solar	energy	systems.	As	a	result	of	this	reset	process,	the	Company	might	be	obligated	to
refund	a	portion	of	an	investor’s	master	lease	prepayments	or	might	be	entitled	to	receive	an	additional	master	lease	prepayment	from	an	investor.	Any	additional	master	lease	prepayments	by	an	investor	would	be	recorded	as	an	additional	lease
pass-through	financing	obligation,	while	any	refunds	of	master	lease	prepayments	would	reduce	the	lease	pass-through	financing	obligation.
	
	
15.	Sale-Leaseback	Arrangements
In	2010,	the	Company	executed	a	sale-leaseback	arrangement	with	an	existing	investor,	under	which	a	wholly	owned	subsidiary	of	the	Company	entered	into	a	15-year	master	leaseback	arrangement.	The	assets	sold	to	the	investor
were	valued	at	$25.2	million.
	SolarCity	Corporation
Notes	to	Consolidated	Financial	Statements	(continued)
	
The	Company’s	subsidiary	leased	the	solar	energy	systems	to	end-user	customers.	The	obligations	of	the	Company’s	subsidiary	to	the	investor	are	guaranteed	by	the	Company	and	supported	by	a	$0.25	million	restricted	cash	escrow.	Under	this
arrangement,	the	Company’s	subsidiary	is	responsible	for	services	such	as	warranty	support,	accounting,	lease	servicing	and	performance	reporting.
As	of	December	31,	2016	and	2015,	the	Company	had	contributed	assets	with	a	cost	of	$44.6	million	to	its	wholly	owned	subsidiary	that	in	turn	sold	the	assets	to	a	new	investor	and	then	executed	a	15-year	master	leaseback
agreement	with	the	investor.	Under	this	arrangement,	the	tax	benefits	from	ITCs	or	Treasury	grants	in	lieu	of	tax	credits	inure	to	the	investor	as	the	owner	of	the	assets.
The	Company	has	committed	to	make	investors	that	have	executed	sale-leaseback	arrangements	with	the	Company	whole	for	any	reductions	in	the	tax	credit	or	U.S.	Treasury	awards	resulting	from	changes	in	the	tax	basis	submitted.
The	Company	accrues	any	such	payments	due	to	these	investors.	As	of	December	31,	2016,	no	such	amounts	were	due	to	these	investors.
	
	
16.	Sale-Leaseback	Financing	Obligation
In	November	2009,	the	Company	entered	into	an	arrangement	with	an	investor	to	finance	the	development,	construction	and	installation	of	a	ground	mounted	solar	energy	system	that	was	leased	to	a	customer.	The	Company	also
entered	into	an	agreement	to	sell	the	system	to	the	investor	for	a	cash	consideration	of	$27.2	million,	of	which	$23.7	million	has	been	received	as	of	December	31,	2016	and	the	balance	of	$3.5	million	is	receivable	at	the	end	of	the	lease	period
and	accrues	interest	at	an	annual	rate	of	4.37%.	Concurrent	with	the	sale,	a	subsidiary	of	the	Company	entered	into	an	agreement	with	the	investor	to	lease	back	the	solar	energy	system	from	the	investor	with	lease	payments	being	made	on	a
quarterly	basis.	The	Company’s	subsidiary	has	the	option	to	purchase	the	system	at	the	end	of	the	lease	term	of	10	years	for	a	price	which	is	the	greater	of	the	fair	market	value	or	a	predetermined	agreed	upon	value.	Additionally,	the	investor
has	the	option	to	put	its	interest	in	the	solar	energy	system	to	the	Company	within	two	years	following	the	expiry	of	six	years	after	placement	in	service	of	the	system,	for	the	amount	that	is	the	greater	of	the	fair	value	of	the	system	or	the
predetermined	agreed	upon	value.	As	a	result	of	these	put	and	call	options,	the	Company	has	concluded	that	it	has	a	continuing	involvement	with	the	solar	energy	system.
The	Company	has	determined	that	the	ground	mounted	solar	energy	system	qualifies	as	integral	equipment	and	therefore	as	a	real	estate	transaction	under	ASC	360-20,	
Real	Estate	Sales,
	and	has	been	accounted	for	as	a	financing.
Under	the	financing	method,	the	receipts	from	the	investor	are	reflected	as	a	sale-leaseback	financing	obligation	on	the	consolidated	balance	sheets,	and	the	Company	retains	the	solar	energy	system	asset	on	the	consolidated	balance	sheets
within	solar	energy	systems	and	depreciates	the	solar	energy	system	over	its	estimated	useful	life	of	30	years.	The	Company	also	continues	to	report	all	of	the	results	of	the	operations	of	the	system,	with	the	revenue	and	expenses	from	the
system	operations	being	presented	on	the	consolidated	statements	of	operations	on	a	“gross”	basis.	As	of	December	31,	2016,	the	balance	of	the	sale-leaseback	financing	obligation	outstanding	was	$13.4	million,	of	which	$0.5	million	has	been
classified	as	current	and	the	balance	of	$12.9	million	has	been	classified	as	non-current.	As	of	December	31,	2015,	the	balance	of	the	sale-leaseback	financing	obligation	outstanding	was	$13.9	million,	of	which	$0.5	million	has	been	classified	as
current	and	the	balance	of	$13.4	million	has	been	classified	as	non-current.
As	of	December	31,	2016,	future	minimum	annual	rentals	to	be	received	from	the	customer	for	each	of	the	next	five	years	and	thereafter	were	as	follows	(in	thousands):
	
2017
	
$
494
	
2018
	
	
504
	
2019
	
	
514
	
2020
	
	
524
	
2021
	
	
535
	
Thereafter
	
	
1,720
	
Total
	
$
4,291
	
The	amounts	in	the	table	above	are	also	included	as	part	of	the	non-cancellable	operating	lease	payments	from	customers	disclosed	in	Note	5,	
Non-cancellable	Operating	Lease	Payments	Receivable
.
	SolarCity	Corporation
Notes	to	Consolidated	Financial	Statements	(continued)
	
As	of	December	31,	2016,	future	minimum	annual	payments	to	be	paid	to	the	investor	under	the	financing	arrangement	for	each	of	the	next	five	years	and	thereafter	were	as	follows	(in	thousands):
	
2017
	
$
1,270
	
2018
	
	
1,277
	
2019
	
	
1,284
	
2020
	
	
—
	
2021
	
	
—
	
Thereafter
	
	
—
	
Total
	
$
3,831
	
The	obligations	of	the	Company’s	subsidiary	to	the	investor	are	guaranteed	by	the	Company	and	supported	by	a	$0.26	million	restricted	cash	escrow.
	
	
17.	Redeemable	Noncontrolling	Interests	in	Subsidiaries
Noncontrolling	interests	in	subsidiaries	that	are	redeemable	at	the	option	of	the	holder	are	classified	as	redeemable	noncontrolling	interests	in	subsidiaries	between	liabilities	and	equity	in	the	consolidated	balance	sheets.	The
redeemable	noncontrolling	interests	in	subsidiaries	balance	is	determined	using	the	hypothetical	liquidation	at	book	value	method	for	the	VIE	funds	or	allocation	of	share	of	income	or	losses	in	other	subsidiaries	subsequent	to	initial	recognition,
however,	the	noncontrolling	interests	balance	cannot	be	less	than	the	estimated	redemption	value.	The	activity	of	the	redeemable	noncontrolling	interests	in	subsidiaries	balance	was	as	follows	(in	thousands):
	
Balance	at	January	1,	2014
	
$
44,709
	
Contributions	from	redeemable	noncontrolling	interests
	
	
260,492
	
Net	loss
	
	
(141,072
)
Distributions	to	redeemable	noncontrolling	interests
	
	
(14,313
)
Transfers	from	noncontrolling	interests	in	subsidiaries
	
	
25,248
	
Redeemable	noncontrolling	interests	arising	from	acquisition
of	Silevo
	
	
14,174
	
Acquisition	of	redeemable	noncontrolling	interests
			in	subsidiaries
	
	
(2,450
)
Balance	at	December	31,	2014
	
	
186,788
	
Contributions	from	redeemable	noncontrolling	interests
	
	
415,493
	
Net	loss
	
	
(258,493
)
Distributions	to	redeemable	noncontrolling	interests
	
	
(22,853
)
Balance	at	December	31,	2015
	
	
320,935
	
Contributions	from	redeemable	noncontrolling	interests
	
	
572,840
	
Net	loss
	
	
(485,568
)
Distributions	to	redeemable	noncontrolling	interests
	
	
(50,920
)
Acquisition	of	redeemable	noncontrolling	interests
	
	
(13,664
)
Balance	at	December	31,	2016
	
$
343,623
	
The	acquisition	of	redeemable	noncontrolling	interests	above	relates	to	the	Company’s	purchase	of	the	third-party	investors’	interests	in	the	Chinese	joint	venture	between	one	of	its	subsidiaries,	Silevo,	and	the	investors,	for
$13.7	million.
	
	
18.	Equity
On	November	21,	2016,	each	share	of	the	Company’s	outstanding	common	stock	was	converted	into	0.11	shares	of	Tesla’s	common	stock	as	a	result	of	its	acquisition	by	Tesla	(see	Note	1,	
Organization
).	Following	the	acquisition,	the
Company	has	100	shares	of	common	stock	issued	and	outstanding,	all	of	which	are	held	by	Tesla.
	
	
	SolarCity	Corporation
Notes	to	Consolidated	Financial	Statements	(continued)
	
19.	Equity	Award	Plans
As	a	result	of	the	Company’s	acquisition	by	Tesla,	its	equity	award	plans	(as	described	below)	were	fully	assumed	by	Tesla	and	its	outstanding	equity	awards	were	converted	into	equity	awards	to	acquire	Tesla	common	stock	in	share
amounts	and	prices	based	on	the	Exchange	Ratio,	with	the	equity	awards	retaining	the	same	vesting	and	other	terms	and	conditions	as	in	effect	immediately	prior	to	the	acquisition.	The	Company	did	not	grant	any	equity	awards	from	the
acquisition	date	through	December	31,	2016.	The	equity	award	plan	descriptions	below	reflect	the	impacts	of	the	acquisition.
Under	the	Company’s	2012	Equity	Incentive	Plan,	the	Company	granted	incentive	stock	options,	non-statutory	stock	options	and	restricted	stock	units,	or	RSUs,	for	the	Company’s	common	stock	to	employees,	directors	and
consultants.	Stock	options	were	granted	at	exercise	prices	per	share	not	less	than	100%	of	the	fair	market	value	per	share	on	the	grant	date.	When	an	incentive	stock	option	was	granted	to	a	10%	or	greater	holder	of	the	Company’s	common
stock,	the	exercise	price	per	share	was	not	less	than	110%	of	the	fair	market	value	per	share	on	the	grant	date.	Stock	options	granted	are	exercisable	over	a	maximum	term	of	10	years	from	the	date	of	grant	and	generally	vest	over	a	period	of
four	years.	No	additional	equity	awards	will	be	granted	under	this	plan.
In	September	2012,	the	Company	adopted	a	director	compensation	program	for	future	non-employee	directors.	Under	the	director	compensation	program,	each	individual	who	joined	the	board	of	directors	as	a	non-employee	director
following	the	adoption	of	the	program	received	an	initial	stock	option	grant	to	purchase	30,000	shares	of	the	Company’s	common	stock	at	the	time	of	initial	election	or	appointment	and	additional	triennial	stock	option	grants	to	purchase
15,000	shares	of	the	Company’s	common	stock,	as	well	as	an	annual	cash	retainer	of	$15,000,	all	of	which	were	subject	to	continued	service	on	the	board	of	directors.	Such	non-employee	directors	who	served	on	committees	of	the	board	of
directors	received	various	specified	additional	equity	awards	and	cash	retainers.	Effective	as	of	June	2015,	the	Company	revised	the	director	compensation	program,	pursuant	to	which	non-employee	directors	received	an	initial	stock	option	grant
to	purchase	33,333	shares	of	the	Company’s	common	stock	at	the	time	of	initial	election	or	appointment	and	additional	triennial	stock	option	grants	to	purchase	30,000	shares	of	the	Company’s	common	stock,	as	well	as	an	annual	cash	retainer	of
$20,000,	all	of	which	were	subject	to	continued	service	on	the	board	of	directors.	Such	non-employee	directors	who	served	on	committees	of	the	board	of	directors	received	various	specified	additional	equity	awards	and	cash	retainers.	All	equity
awards	granted	pursuant	to	the	director	compensation	programs	were	granted	under	the	terms	of	the	Company’s	2012	Equity	Incentive	Plan.	Upon	the	Company’s	acquisition	by	Tesla,	the	unvested	awards	immediately	vested	and	became	fully
exercisable,	because	the	exercise	prices	exceeded	the	then	current	trading	price	of	Tesla’s	common	stock,	these	awards	expired	pursuant	to	their	terms.	No	additional	equity	awards	will	be	granted	under	this	program.
Pursuant	to	the	acquisition	of	Zep	Solar,	the	Company	assumed	the	Zep	Solar,	Inc.	2010	Equity	Incentive	Plan,	or	Zep	Solar	Plan,	and	issued	fully	vested	stock	options	to	purchase	303,151	shares	of	the	Company’s	common	stock	to
replace	certain	fully	vested	stock	options	originally	issued	by	Zep	Solar.	No	additional	equity	awards	were	or	will	be	granted	under	this	plan.
On	September	15,	2015,	the	Chief	Executive	Officer	and	the	Chief	Technology	Officer,	who	are	the	Company’s	founders,	were	granted	non-statutory	stock	option	awards	of	the	Company’s	common	stock	with	both	market	and
performance	vesting	conditions,	or	Founder	Awards.	The	exercise	price	per	share	of	the	Founder	Awards	was	$48.97.	The	Chief	Executive	Officer’s	Founder	Award	would	have	entitled	him	to	up	to	3.0	million	shares	of	the	Company’s	common
stock,	and	the	Chief	Technology	Officer’s	Founder	Award	would	have	entitled	him	to	up	to	2.0	million	shares	of	the	Company’s	common	stock.	The	Founder	Awards	had	a	maximum	term	of	10	years	from	the	date	of	grant	and	vested	in	10	equal
tranches	based	on	the	achievement	of	specified	operational	goals	and	the	90-trading	day	average	price	of	the	Company’s	common	stock	achieving	certain	targets	on	specified	measurement	dates.	As	of	immediately	prior	to	the	Company’s
acquisition	by	Tesla,	no	vesting	tranches	had	been	achieved	and	the	Founder	Awards	were	entirely	unvested.		Upon	the	Company’s	acquisition	by	Tesla,	all	vesting	under	the	Founder	Awards	ceased,	and	the	Founder	Awards	automatically
expired	pursuant	to	their	original	terms.	Consequently,	the	Company	reversed	the	previously	recognized	stock-based	compensation	expense	for	the	Founder	Awards,	which	resulted	in	a	gain	of	$7.1	million	to	general	and	administrative	expense.
	SolarCity	Corporation
Notes	to	Consolidated	Financial	Statements	(continued)
	
Stock	Options
A	summary	of	stock	option	activity,	presented	in	terms	of	Tesla’s	common	stock,	is	as	follows	(in	thousands,	except	per	share	amounts):
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Weighted-
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Weighted-
	
	
Average
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Average
	
	
Remaining
	
	
Aggregate
	
	
	
Stock
	
	
Exercise
	
	
Contractual
	
	
Intrinsic
	
	
	
Options
	
	
Price
	
	
Term	(Years)
	
	
Value
	
Outstanding	-	January	1,	2014
	
	
1,534
	
	
	
134.27
	
	
	
7.52
	
	
	
586,740
	
Granted	(weighted-average	fair	value	of	$431.36)
	
	
610
	
	
	
597.18
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Exercised
	
	
(349
)
	
	
58.00
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
185,822
	
Canceled
	
	
(260
)
	
	
350.09
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Outstanding	-	December	31,	2014
	
	
1,535
	
	
	
299.00
	
	
	
7.64
	
	
	
342,293
	
Granted	(weighted-average	fair	value	of	$284.00)
	
	
709
	
	
	
451.55
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Exercised
	
	
(105
)
	
	
111.36
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
37,929
	
Canceled
	
	
(125
)
	
	
509.73
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Outstanding	-	December	31,	2015
	
	
2,014
	
	
	
349.36
	
	
	
7.74
	
	
	
293,855
	
Granted	(weighted-average	fair	value	of	$137.53)
	
	
142
	
	
	
235.81
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Exercised
	
	
(89
)
	
	
60.60
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
12,754
	
Canceled
	
	
(873
)
	
	
452.05
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Outstanding	-	December	31,	2016
	
	
1,194
	
	
$
282.44
	
	
	
6.04
	
	
$
90,408
	
Options	vested	and	exercisable	-	December	31,	2014
	
	
719
	
	
$
115.64
	
	
	
6.30
	
	
$
272,140
	
Options	vested	and	exercisable	-	December	31,	2015
	
	
883
	
	
$
195.73
	
	
	
5.88
	
	
$
258,310
	
Options	vested	and	exercisable	-	December	31,	2016
	
	
901
	
	
$
230.75
	
	
	
5.33
	
	
$
88,387
	
Options	vested	and	expected	to	vest	-	December	31,	2014
	
	
1,367
	
	
$
274.09
	
	
	
7.46
	
	
$
333,813
	
Options	vested	and	expected	to	vest	-	December	31,	2015
	
	
1,670
	
	
$
326.73
	
	
	
7.37
	
	
$
287,673
	
Options	vested	and	expected	to	vest	-	December	31,	2016
	
	
1,128
	
	
$
268.38
	
	
	
5.89
	
	
$
89,865
	
As	of	December	31,	2016,	34.3%	of	the	unvested	stock	options	outstanding	had	a	performance	feature	that	is	required	to	be	satisfied	before	they	become	vested	and	exercisable.	The	grant	date	fair	market	value	of	the	stock	options
that	vested	in	2016,	2015	and	2014	was	$80.0	million,	$109.7	million	and	$54.9	million,	respectively.
As	of	December	31,	2016	and	2015,	there	was	$71.0	million	and	$265.3	million,	respectively,	of	total	unrecognized	stock-based	compensation	expense,	net	of	estimated	forfeitures,	related	to	unvested	stock	options,	which	are	expected
to	be	recognized	over	the	weighted-average	period	of	3.70	years	and	5.56	years,	respectively.
Under	ASC	718,	the	Company	estimates	the	fair	value	of	stock	options	granted	on	each	grant	date	using	the	Black-Scholes	option	valuation	model,	except	for	the	Founder	Awards	for	which	the	Company	used	a	Monte	Carlo	simulation,
and	applies	the	straight-line	method	of	expense	attribution,	except	for	stock	options	with	a	performance	feature,	for	which	the	Company	applies	graded	vesting.	The	fair	values	were	estimated	on	each	grant	date	with	the	following	weighted-
average	assumptions	used	in	the	Black-Scholes	option	valuation	model:
	
		
	
Year	Ended	December	31,
	
	
	
2016
	
	
2015
	
	
2014
	
Dividend	yield
	
	
0
%
	
	
0
%
	
	
0
%
Annual	risk-free	rate	of	return
	
	
1.50
%
	
	
2.14
%
	
	
1.95
%
Expected	volatility
	
	
61.94
%
	
	
65.76
%
	
	
83.66
%
Expected	term	(years)
	
	
6.28
	
	
	
7.02
	
	
	
6.25
	
	SolarCity	Corporation
Notes	to	Consolidated	Financial	Statements	(continued)
	
The	expected	volatility	was	calculated	based	on	the	average	historical	volatilities	of	the	Company	and	publicly	traded	peer	companies	determined	by	the	Company.	The	risk-free	interest	rate	used	was	based	on	the	U.S.	Treasury	yield
curve	in	effect	at	the	time	of	grant	for	the	expected	term	of	the	stock	options	to	be	valued.	The	expected	dividend	yield	was	zero,	as	the	Company	did	not	anticipate	paying	a	dividend	within	the	relevant	time	frame.	The	expected	term	was
estimated	using	the	simplified	method	allowed	under	ASC	718.
Restricted	Stock	Units
A	summary	of	RSU	activity,	presented	in	terms	of	Tesla’s	common	stock,	is	as	follows	(in	thousands,	except	per	share	amounts):
	
		
	
	
	
	
	
Weighted-
	
	
	
Restricted
	
	
Average
	
	
	
Stock
	
	
Fair
	
	
	
Units
	
	
Value
	
Outstanding	-	January	1,	2014
	
	
2
	
	
$
231.45
	
Granted
	
	
121
	
	
	
562.91
	
Released
	
	
(6
)
	
	
552.82
	
Cancelled
	
	
(4
)
	
	
589.00
	
Outstanding	-	December	31,	2014
	
	
113
	
	
	
556.00
	
Granted
	
	
367
	
	
	
436.27
	
Released
	
	
(43
)
	
	
547.18
	
Cancelled
	
	
(43
)
	
	
511.73
	
Outstanding	-	December	31,	2015
	
	
394
	
	
	
450.27
	
Granted
	
	
262
	
	
	
450.28
	
Vested
	
	
(132
)
	
	
397.33
	
Cancelled
	
	
(162
)
	
	
369.04
	
Outstanding	-	December	31,	2016
	
	
362
	
	
$
505.99
	
Expected	to	vest	-	December	31,	2016
	
	
236
	
	
$
315.46
	
The	grant	date	fair	value	of	RSUs	vested	was	$50.3	million,	$23.5	million	and	$3.2	million	for	the	years	ended	December	31,	2016,	2015	and	2014,	respectively.	Under	ASC	718,	the	Company	determined	the	fair	value	of	RSUs	granted
on	each	grant	date	based	on	the	fair	value	of	the	Company’s	common	stock	on	each	grant	date	and	applies	the	straight-line	method	of	expense	attribution.	As	of	December	31,	2016	and	2015,	there	was	$83.9	million	and	$121.5	million,
respectively,	of	total	unrecognized	stock-based	compensation	expense,	net	of	estimated	forfeitures,	from	RSUs,	which	are	expected	to	be	recognized	over	the	weighted-average	period	of	3.02	years	and	3.31	years,	respectively.
Stock-Based	Compensation	Expense
As	part	of	the	requirements	of	ASC	718,	the	Company	is	required	to	estimate	potential	forfeitures	of	equity	awards	and	adjust	stock-based	compensation	expense	accordingly.	The	estimate	of	forfeitures	is	adjusted	over	the	requisite
service	period	to	the	extent	that	actual	forfeitures	differ,	or	are	expected	to	differ.	Consequently,	changes	in	estimated	forfeitures	are	recognized	in	the	period	of	change	and	also	impact	the	amount	of	stock-based	compensation	expense	to	be
recognized	in	future	periods.
The	amount	of	stock-based	compensation	expense	recognized	in	the	years	ended	December	31,	2016,	2015	and	2014	was	$75.1	million,	$116.8	million	and	$88.9	million,	respectively.	The	amount	of	capitalized	stock-based
compensation	expense	was	as	follows	(in	thousands):
	
		
	
Year	Ended	December	31,
	
	
	
2016
	
	
2015
	
Capitalized	under:
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Inventories
	
$
(157
)
	
$
226
	
Other	assets
	
$
666
	
	
$
3,136
	
Property,	plant	and	equipment	-	net
	
$
3,422
	
	
$
2,997
	
Solar	energy	systems,	leased	and	to	be	leased	-	net
	
$
21,755
	
	
$
24,075
	
	SolarCity	Corporation
Notes	to	Consolidated	Financial	Statements	(continued)
	
Stock-based	compensation	expense	was	included	in	cost	of	revenue	and	operating	expenses	as	follows	(in	thousands):
	
	
	
Year	Ended	December	31,
	
	
	
2016
	
	
2015
	
	
2014
	
Total	cost	of	revenue
	
$
3,692
	
	
$
2,855
	
	
$
2,251
	
Sales	and	marketing
	
$
19,124
	
	
$
24,176
	
	
$
16,391
	
General	and	administrative
	
$
18,193
	
	
$
45,135
	
	
$
40,897
	
Pre-production	expense
	
$
(496
)
	
$
—
	
	
$
—
	
Research	and	development
	
$
8,853
	
	
$
14,203
	
	
$
6,023
	
	
	
20.	Income	Taxes
The	following	table	presents	the	domestic	and	foreign	components	of	(loss)	income	before	income	taxes	for	the	periods	presented	(in	thousands):
	
	
	
Year	Ended	December	31,
	
	
	
2016
	
	
2015
	
	
2014
	
United	States
	
$
(1,849,436
)
	
$
(1,467,184
)
	
$
(718,416
)
Noncontrolling	interest	and	redeemable
noncontrolling	interests
	
	
1,059,121
	
	
	
710,492
	
	
	
319,196
	
Foreign
	
	
(30,340
)
	
	
(8,804
)
	
	
(2,746
)
Total
	
$
(820,655
)
	
$
(765,496
)
	
$
(401,966
)
	
The	income	tax	provision	(benefit)	was	composed	of	the	following	(in	thousands):
	
	
	
Year	Ended	December	31,
	
	
	
2016
	
	
2015
	
	
2014
	
Current:
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Federal
	
$
206
	
	
$
2,946
	
	
$
10
	
State
	
	
272
	
	
	
812
	
	
	
473
	
Foreign
	
	
106
	
	
	
95
	
	
	
100
	
Total	current	provision
	
	
584
	
	
	
3,853
	
	
	
583
	
Deferred:
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Federal
	
	
370
	
	
	
13
	
	
	
(26,528
)
State
	
	
50
	
	
	
3
	
	
	
(791
)
Foreign
	
	
(1,312
)
	
	
(543
)
	
	
—
	
Total	deferred	provision
	
	
(892
)
	
	
(527
)
	
	
(27,319
)
Total		provision	(benefit)	for	income	taxes
	
$
(308
)
	
$
3,326
	
	
$
(26,736
)
	
	SolarCity	Corporation
Notes	to	Consolidated	Financial	Statements	(continued)
	
The	following	table	presents	a	reconciliation	of	the	federal	statutory	rate	and	the	Company’s	effective	tax	rate	for	the	periods	presented:
	
	
	
Year	Ended	December	31,
	
	
	
2016
	
	
2015
	
	
2014
	
Tax	benefit	at	federal	statutory	rate
	
	
(35.00
)%
	
	
(35.00
)%
	
	
(34.00
)%
State	income	taxes	(net	of	federal	benefit)
	
	
0.58
	
	
	
(5.66
)
	
	
(1.71
)
Foreign	income	and	withholding	taxes
	
	
0.64
	
	
	
(0.04
)
	
	
0.44
	
Noncontrolling	interests	and	redeemable	noncontrolling
			interests	adjustment
	
	
44.24
	
	
	
27.99
	
	
	
5.18
	
Investment	in	certain	financing	funds
	
	
2.24
	
	
	
(0.45
)
	
	
16.49
	
Stock-based	compensation
	
	
2.48
	
	
	
0.89
	
	
	
2.35
	
Prepaid	tax	expense
	
	
(19.00
)
	
	
(19.38
)
	
	
(5.45
)
Other
	
	
(0.67
)
	
	
0.03
	
	
	
1.24
	
Tax	credits
	
	
(2.09
)
	
	
(1.65
)
	
	
(1.49
)
Change	in	valuation	allowance
	
	
6.55
	
	
	
33.70
	
	
	
10.30
	
Effective	tax	rate
	
	
(0.03
)%
	
	
0.43
%
	
	
(6.65
)%
	
Deferred	income	taxes	reflect	the	net	tax	effects	of	temporary	differences	between	the	carrying	amounts	of	assets	and	liabilities	for	financial	reporting	purposes	and	the	amounts	used	for	income	tax	purposes.	The	following	table
presents	significant	components	of	the	Company’s	deferred	tax	assets	and	liabilities	for	the	periods	presented	(in	thousands):
	
	
	
As	of	December	31,
	
	
	
2016
	
	
2015
	
Deferred	tax	assets:
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Accruals	and	reserves
	
$
186,875
	
	
$
156,225
	
Net	operating	losses
	
	
178,995
	
	
	
23,869
	
Accelerated	gain	on	assets
	
	
24,586
	
	
	
26,005
	
Investment	in	certain	financing	funds
	
	
383,147
	
	
	
485,159
	
Tax	rebate	revenue
	
	
39,523
	
	
	
43,037
	
Stock-based	compensation
	
	
34,938
	
	
	
47,605
	
Other	deferred	tax	assets
	
	
9,585
	
	
	
9,887
	
Tax	credits
	
	
39,944
	
	
	
7,946
	
Gross	deferred	tax	assets
	
	
897,593
	
	
	
799,733
	
Valuation	allowance
	
	
(422,889
)
	
	
(369,157
)
Net	deferred	tax	assets
	
	
474,704
	
	
	
430,576
	
Deferred	tax	liabilities:
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Depreciation	and	amortization
	
	
(269,685
)
	
	
(279,492
)
Initial	direct	costs	related	to	customer	solar
			energy	system	lease	acquisition	costs	and
			Other	deferred	tax	liabilities
	
	
(205,500
)
	
	
(152,457
)
Gross	deferred	tax	liabilities
	
	
(475,185
)
	
	
(431,949
)
Net	deferred	taxes
	
$
(481
)
	
$
(1,373
)
	
An	analysis	of	deferred	tax	assets	and	liabilities	is	as	follows	(in	thousands):
	
	
	
As	of	December	31,
	
	
	
2016
	
	
2015
	
Noncurrent:
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Deferred	tax	assets
	
$
422,408
	
	
$
367,784
	
Deferred	tax	liabilities
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
Total	noncurrent	gross	deferred	tax	assets
	
	
422,408
	
	
	
367,784
	
Less:	valuation	allowance
	
	
(422,889
)
	
	
(369,157
)
Net	noncurrent	deferred	tax	liabilities
	
$
(481
)
	
$
(1,373
)
	SolarCity	Corporation
Notes	to	Consolidated	Financial	Statements	(continued)
	
	
As	of	December	31,	2016,	the	Company	had	federal,	California	and	other	state	income	tax	net	operating	loss,	or	NOL,	carryforwards	of	$437.3	million,	$206.0	million	and	$212.5	million,	respectively.	The	NOL	carryforwards	will	start
to	expire	in	2026	if	not	utilized.	Included	in	the	other	state	NOL	carryovers	above,	$63.9		million	relates	to	stock	option	windfall	deductions.	The	federal	ITC,	R&D,	minimum	tax	credit	and	foreign	tax	credits	of	$20.1	million,	$16.0	million,	$10.8
million,	and	$2.2	million,	respectively,	will	start	to	expire	in	2023	if	not	utilized.	The	California	R&D	and	minimum	tax	credit	of	$10.9	million	and	$1.6	million,	respectively,	can	be	carried	forward	indefinitely.	The	carryforwards	have	been
determined	as	if	the	Company	was	a	stand-alone	entity.	As	of	December	31,	2015,	the	Company	had	federal,	California	and	other	state	income	tax	net	operating	loss,	or	NOL,	carryforwards	of	$29.5	million,	$27.9	million	and	$235.5	million,
respectively.
The	Company	has	applied	a	valuation	allowance	against	its	deferred	tax	assets	net	of	the	expected	income	from	the	reversal	of	its	deferred	tax	liabilities.	The	Company’s	valuation	allowance	increased	by	$53.7	million	during	the	year
ended	December	31,	2016	and	increased	by	$257.9	million	during	the	year	ended	December	31,	2015.	The	increase	in	the	valuation	allowance	was	primarily	related	to	the	Company’s	investments	in	financing	funds.	The	valuation	allowance	was
determined	in	accordance	with	the	provisions	of	ASC	740,	
Income	Taxes
,	which	require	an	assessment	of	both	negative	and	positive	evidence	when	measuring	the	need	for	a	valuation	allowance.	Based	on	the	available	objective	evidence	and	the
Company’s	history	of	losses,	the	Company	believes	it	is	more	likely	than	not	that	its	net	deferred	tax	assets	will	not	be	realized.
The	utilization	of	the	remaining	NOL	carryforwards	and	credits	may	be	subject	to	a	substantial	annual	limitation	due	to	the	ownership	change	limitations	provided	by	the	IRC	Section	382	and	similar	state	provisions.	The	annual
limitation	may	result	in	the	expiration	of	NOL	carryforwards	and	credits	before	utilization.	The	Company	completed	an	IRC	Section	382	analysis	during	2016,	which	resulted	in	an	ownership	change.	Based	on	the	analysis,	the	NOL	carryforwards
presented	have	accounted	for	any	limited	and	potential	lost	attributes	due	to	any	ownership	changes	and	expiration	dates.
As	part	of	its	asset	monetization	strategy,	the	Company	has	agreements	to	sell	solar	energy	systems	to	its	financing	funds.	The	gains	on	the	sales	are	eliminated	in	the	consolidated	financial	statements	because	the	sales	are	treated	as
intra-entity	sales.	As	such,	income	taxes	are	not	recognized	on	the	sales	until	the	Company	no	longer	benefits	from	the	underlying	assets.	Specifically,	the	Company	defers	the	income	tax	expense	and	amortizes	it	over	the	estimated	useful	life	of
the	underlying	assets,	which	has	been	estimated	to	be	30	to	35	years.	The	deferral	of	income	tax	expense	results	in	the	recognition	of	a	prepaid	tax	expense	that	is	included	in	the	consolidated	balance	sheets	as	other	assets.	In	2015,	the
Company’s	tax	profitability	resulted	in	the	utilization	of	the	available	NOL	carryforwards,	including	NOLs	related	to	excess	tax	benefits	from	stock	options.	The	utilization	of	excess	tax	benefits	from	stock	options	was	recognized	as	an	increase	in
additional	paid	in	capital.	The	Company,	pursuant	to	ASC	810,	
Consolidation
,	deferred	the	impact	of	both	the	current	tax	payable	as	well	as	the	amount	recorded	in	additional	paid	in	capital	on	the	consolidated	balance	sheet	as	an	increase	of
prepaid	tax	expense.	As	of	December	31,	2016	and	2015,	the	Company	has	a	balance	in	the	prepaid	tax	expense,	net	of	amortization,	of	$58.3	million	and	$105.8	million,	respectively.	The	amortization	of	prepaid	tax	expense	makes-up	the	major
component	of	the	income	tax	provision	for	each	period.
The	Company	had	an	immaterial	amount	of	undistributed	earnings	of	foreign	subsidiaries	as	of	December	31,	2016.	Those	earnings	are	considered	to	be	indefinitely	reinvested;	accordingly,	no	provisions	for	federal	or	state	income
taxes	were	provided	thereon.	Upon	repatriation	of	those	earnings,	in	the	form	of	dividends	or	otherwise,	the	Company	would	be	subject	to	both	U.S.	income	taxes	(subject	to	an	adjustment	for	foreign	tax	credits)	and	withholding	taxes	payable	to
the	various	foreign	countries.	Determination	of	the	amount	of	unrecognized	deferred	U.S.	income	tax	liability	is	not	practicable	due	to	the	complexities	associated	with	its	hypothetical	calculation.	An	immaterial	amount	of	withholding	taxes	may
be	payable	upon	the	remittance	of	all	previously	unremitted	earnings	as	of	December	31,	2016.
	SolarCity	Corporation
Notes	to	Consolidated	Financial	Statements	(continued)
	
Uncertain	Tax	Positions
The	Company	applies	a	two-step	approach	with	respect	to	uncertain	tax	positions.	This	approach	involves	recognizing	any	uncertain	tax	positions	that	are	more-likely-than-not	of	being	ultimately	realized	and	then	measuring	those
positions	to	determine	the	amounts	to	be	recognized.	The	Company	had	$13.4	million	of	unrecognized	tax	benefits	as	of	December	31,	2016,	of	which	$1.5	million	would	affect	the	Company’s	effective	tax	rate	if	recognized.	A	reconciliation	of	the
beginning	and	ending	amounts	of	unrecognized	tax	benefits	is	as	follows	(in	thousands):
	
Balance,	January	1,	2014
	
$
120
	
Acquired	from	Silevo
	
	
434
	
True-up	to	prior	year	ending	balance
	
	
(23
)
Balance,	December	31,	2014
	
	
531
	
Additions	related	to	positions	from	the	current	year
	
	
1,384
	
Additions	related	to	positions	from	the	prior	years
	
	
8,181
	
Balance,	December	31,	2015
	
	
10,096
	
Additions	related	to	positions	from	the	current	year
	
	
2,882
	
Additions	related	to	positions	from	the	prior	years
	
	
453
	
Balance,	December	31,	2016
	
$
13,431
	
The	interest	and	penalties	for	uncertain	tax	positions	is	presented	in	the	consolidated	statements	of	operations	as	income	tax	expense.	Interest	and	penalties	accrued	for	uncertain	tax	positions	as	of	December	31,	2016,	2015	and	2014
were	$0.4	million,	$0.0	million	and	$0.0	million,	respectively.
The	Company	does	not	anticipate	any	significant	increases	or	decreases	to	the	total	amount	of	gross	unrecognized	tax	benefits	within	the	12	months	after	December	31,	2016.
The	Company	is	subject	to	taxation	and	files	income	tax	returns	in	the	U.S.	and	various	state,	local	and	foreign	jurisdictions.	The	U.S.	and	state	jurisdictions	have	statutes	of	limitations	that	generally	range	from	three	to	five	years.	Due
to	the	Company’s	net	operating	losses,	substantially	all	of	its	federal,	state,	local	and	foreign	income	tax	returns	since	inception	are	still	subject	to	audit.	However,	the	Company	utilized	a	significant	amount	of	its	federal	and	state	NOLs	in	2015,
starting	the	statute	of	limitation	for	the	years	that	NOLs	were	utilized.	In	addition,	the	Company	generated	a	tax	loss	in	2016	for	which	the	statute	of	limitation	will	not	begin	until	they	are	utilized	in	a	subsequent	tax	year.
	
	
21.	Defined	Contribution	Plan
In	January	2007,	the	Company	established	a	401(k)	plan,	or	the	Retirement	Plan,	available	to	employees	who	meet	the	Retirement	Plan’s	eligibility	requirements.	Participants	may	elect	to	contribute	a	percentage	of	their	compensation
to	the	Retirement	Plan,	up	to	a	statutory	limit.	Participants	are	fully	vested	in	their	contributions.	The	Company	may	make	discretionary	contributions	to	the	Retirement	Plan	as	a	percentage	of	participant	contributions,	subject	to	established
limits.	The	Company	did	not	make	any	contributions	to	the	Retirement	Plan	during	2016,	2015	or	2014.
	
	
	SolarCity	Corporation
Notes	to	Consolidated	Financial	Statements	(continued)
	
22.	Related	Party	Transactions
The	Company’s	operations	included	the	following	related	party	transactions	(in	thousands):
	
		
	
Year	Ended	December	31,
	
	
	
2016
	
	
2015
	
	
2014
	
Revenue:
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Solar	energy	systems	sales	to	related	parties
	
$
12
	
	
$
79
	
	
$
2,479
	
Expenditures:
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Purchases	of	inventories	or	equipment
			from	related	parties
	
$
21,126
	
	
$
7,809
	
	
$
3,383
	
Fees	paid	or	payable	to	related	parties	(included	in	sales
			and	marketing	expense)
	
$
—
	
	
$
—
	
	
$
103
	
Interest	paid	or	payable	to	related	parties	(included	in
			interest	expense	(excluding	amortization	of	debt	discounts
			and	fees)	-	recourse	debt)
	
$
8,123
	
	
$
2,125
	
	
$
3
	
	
Related	party	balances	were	comprised	of	the	following	(in	thousands):
	
	
	
December	31,
	
	
	
2016
	
	
2015
	
Due	from	related	parties	(included	in	accounts	receivable)
	
$
—
	
	
$
30
	
Due	to	related	parties	(included	in	accounts	payable)
	
$
—
	
	
$
3,961
	
Payable	to	parent,	net
	
$
11,693
	
	
$
—
	
Solar	Bonds	issued	to	related	parties
	
$
265,100
	
	
$
165,220
	
Convertible	senior	note	principal	outstanding	to	related	parties
	
$
13,000
	
	
$
12,975
	
Due	to	related	parties	(included	in	accrued	and	other
			current	liabilities)
	
$
5,019
	
	
$
1,249
	
The	related	party	transactions	were	primarily	purchases	of	batteries	from	Tesla;	issuances	and	maturities	of	Solar	Bonds	held	by	SpaceX,	Tesla’s	Chief	Executive	Officer,	the	Company’s	Chief	Executive	Officer	and	the	Company’s	Chief
Technology	Officer;	and	issuances	of	convertible	senior	notes	to	an	entity	affiliated	with	Tesla’s	Chief	Executive	Officer,	the	Company’s	Chief	Executive	Officer	and	the	Company’s	Chief	Technology	Officer.	SpaceX	is	considered	a	related	party
because	Tesla’s	Chief	Executive	Officer	is	the	Chief	Executive	Officer,	Chief	Designer,	Chairman	and	a	significant	stockholder	of	SpaceX.
In	March	2015,	SpaceX	purchased	$90.0	million	in	aggregate	principal	amount	of	2.00%	Solar	Bonds	due	in	March	2016.	In	June	2015,	SpaceX	purchased	an	additional	$75.0	million	in	aggregate	principal	amount	of	2.00%	Solar
Bonds	due	in	June	2016.	In	March	2016,	$90.0	million	in	aggregate	principal	amount	of	the	Solar	Bonds	held	by	SpaceX	matured,	and	the	proceeds	were	reinvested	by	SpaceX	in	$90.0	million	in	aggregate	principal	amount	of	4.40%	Solar	Bonds
due	in	March	2017.	In	June	2016,	$75.0	million	in	aggregate	principal	amount	of	the	Solar	Bonds	held	by	SpaceX	matured,	and	the	proceeds	were	reinvested	by	SpaceX	in	$75.0	million	in	aggregate	principal	amount	of	4.40%	Solar	Bonds	due	in
June	2017.
In	August	2016,	Tesla’s	Chief	Executive	Officer,	the	Company’s	Chief	Executive	Officer	and	the	Company’s	Chief	Technology	Officer	purchased	$100.0	million	in	aggregate	principal	amount	of	6.50%	Solar	Bonds	due	in	February	2018.
	
	
23.	Commitments	and	Contingencies
Non-cancellable	Leases
The	Company	leases	offices,	manufacturing	and	warehouse	facilities,	equipment,	vehicles	and	solar	energy	systems	under	non-cancellable	leases.	Aggregate	rent	expense	for	facilities	and	equipment	for	the	years	ended	December	31,
2016,	2015	and	2014	was	$49.3	million,	$41.1	million	and	$32.9	million,	respectively.
	SolarCity	Corporation
Notes	to	Consolidated	Financial	Statements	(continued)
	
Future	minimum	lease	payments	under	non-cancellable	leases	as	of	December	31,	2016	were	as	follows	(in	thousands):
	
2017
	
$
60,306
	
2018
	
	
50,329
	
2019
	
	
38,616
	
2020
	
	
22,217
	
2021
	
	
16,154
	
Thereafter
	
	
65,483
	
Total	minimum	lease	payments
	
$
253,105
Build-to-Suit	Lease	Arrangement
In	September	2014,	a	subsidiary	of	the	Company	entered	into	a	build-to-suit	lease	arrangement	with	the	Research	Foundation	for	the	State	University	of	New	York,	or	the	Foundation,	for	the	construction	of	an	approximately
1.0	million	square-feet	solar	panel	manufacturing	facility	with	a	capacity	of	1.0	gigawatt	on	an	approximately	88.2	acre	site	located	in	Buffalo,	New	York.	Under	the	terms	of	the	arrangement,	which	has	been	amended,	the	Foundation	will
construct	the	manufacturing	facility	and	install	certain	utilities	and	other	improvements,	with	participation	by	the	Company	as	to	the	design	and	construction	of	the	manufacturing	facility,	and	acquire	certain	manufacturing	equipment	designated
by	the	Company	to	be	used	in	the	manufacturing	facility.	The	Foundation	will	cover	(i)	construction	costs	related	to	the	manufacturing	facility	in	an	amount	up	to	$350.0	million,	(ii)	the	acquisition	and	commissioning	of	the	manufacturing
equipment	in	an	amount	up	to	$348.1	million	and	(iii)	$51.9	million	for	additional	specified	scope	costs,	in	cases	(i)	and	(ii)	only,	subject	to	the	maximum	funding	allocation	from	the	State	of	New	York,	and	the	Company	will	be	responsible	for	any
construction	and	equipment	costs	in	excess	of	such	amounts.	The	Foundation	will	own	the	manufacturing	facility	and	the	manufacturing	equipment	purchased	by	the	Foundation.	Following	completion	of	the	manufacturing	facility,	the	Company
will	lease	the	manufacturing	facility	and	the	manufacturing	equipment	owned	by	the	Foundation	from	the	Foundation	for	an	initial	period	of	10	years,	with	an	option	to	renew,	for	$2	per	year	plus	utilities.
Under	the	terms	of	the	build-to-suit	lease	arrangement,	the	Company	is	required	to	achieve	specific	operational	milestones	during	the	initial	term	of	the	lease,	which	include	employing	a	certain	number	of	employees	at	the	facility,
within	western	New	York	and	within	the	State	of	New	York	within	specified	time	periods	following	the	completion	of	the	facility.	The	Company	is	also	required	to	spend	or	incur	approximately	$5.0	billion	in	combined	capital,	operational	expenses
and	other	costs	in	the	State	of	New	York	over	the	10	years	following	the	achievement	of	full	production.	On	an	annual	basis	during	the	initial	lease	term,	as	measured	on	each	anniversary	of	the	commissioning	of	the	facility,	if	the	Company	fails
to	meet	the	specified	investment	and	job	creation	obligations,	then	it	would	be	obligated	to	pay	a	$41.2	million	“program	payment”	to	the	Foundation	for	each	year	that	it	fails	to	meet	these	requirements.	Furthermore,	if	the	agreement	is
terminated	due	to	a	material	breach	by	the	Company,	then	additional	amounts	might	be	payable	by	the	Company.
Due	to	the	Company’s	involvement	with	the	construction	of	the	facility,	its	exposure	to	any	potential	cost	overruns	and	its	other	commitments	under	the	arrangement,	the	Company	is	deemed	to	be	the	owner	of	the	facility	and	the
manufacturing	equipment	owned	by	the	Foundation	for	accounting	purposes	during	the	construction	phase.	Accordingly,	the	Company	recognizes	a	non-cash	investment	in	build-to-suit	lease	asset	under	construction	and	a	corresponding	non-
cash	build-to-suit	lease	liability	on	the	consolidated	balance	sheets.	The	non-cash	investing	and	financing	activities	related	to	the	arrangement	in	the	years	ended	December	31,	2016,	2015	and	2014	amounted	to	$499.4	million,	$284.5	million	and
$	26.5	million,	respectively.
Manufacturing	Relationship	with	Panasonic
In	December	2016,	Tesla	entered	into	a	10-year	arrangement	with	Panasonic	to	manufacture	custom	solar	cells	and	solar	panels	for	the	Company,	primarily	at	the	Riverbend	manufacturing	facility.	Upon	the	commencement	of
production,	the	Company	will	purchase	up	to	1.0	gigawatt	of	solar	panels	annually	under	the	arrangement,	with	adjustable	pricing	provisions.
	SolarCity	Corporation
Notes	to	Consolidated	Financial	Statements	(continued)
	
Indemnification	and	Guaranteed	Returns
As	disclosed	in	Notes	13,	
VIE	Arrangements
,	the	Company	is	contractually	committed	to	compensate	certain	fund	investors	for	any	losses	that	they	may	suffer	in	certain	limited	circumstances	resulting	from	reductions	in	U.S.	Treasury
grants	or	ITCs.	Generally,	such	obligations	would	arise	as	a	result	of	reductions	to	the	value	of	the	underlying	solar	energy	systems	as	assessed	by	the	U.S.	Treasury	Department	for	purposes	of	claiming	U.S.	Treasury	grants	or	as	assessed	by	the
IRS	for	purposes	of	claiming	ITCs	or	U.S.	Treasury	grants.	For	each	balance	sheet	date,	the	Company	assesses	and	recognizes,	when	applicable,	the	potential	exposure	from	this	obligation	based	on	all	the	information	available	at	that	time,
including	any	guidelines	issued	by	the	U.S.	Treasury	Department	on	solar	energy	system	valuations	for	purposes	of	claiming	U.S.	Treasury	grants	and	any	audits	undertaken	by	the	IRS.	The	Company	believes	that	any	payments	to	the	fund
investors	in	excess	of	the	amount	already	recognized	by	the	Company	for	this	obligation	are	not	probable	based	on	the	facts	known	at	the	reporting	date.
The	maximum	potential	future	payments	that	the	Company	could	have	to	make	under	this	obligation	would	depend	on	the	difference	between	the	fair	values	of	the	solar	energy	systems	sold	or	transferred	to	the	funds	as	determined	by
the	Company	and	the	values	that	the	U.S.	Treasury	Department	would	determine	as	fair	value	for	the	systems	for	purposes	of	claiming	U.S.	Treasury	grants	or	the	values	the	IRS	would	determine	as	the	fair	value	for	the	systems	for	purposes	of
claiming	ITCs	or	U.S.	Treasury	grants.	The	Company	claims	U.S.	Treasury	grants	based	on	guidelines	provided	by	the	U.S.	Treasury	department	and	the	statutory	regulations	from	the	IRS.	The	Company	uses	fair	values	determined	with	the
assistance	of	independent	third-party	appraisals	commissioned	by	the	Company	as	the	basis	for	determining	the	ITCs	that	are	passed-through	to	and	claimed	by	the	fund	investors.	Since	the	Company	cannot	determine	future	revisions	to	U.S.
Treasury	Department	guidelines	governing	system	values	or	how	the	IRS	will	evaluate	system	values	used	in	claiming	ITCs	or	U.S.	Treasury	grants,	the	Company	is	unable	to	reliably	estimate	the	maximum	potential	future	payments	that	it	could
have	to	make	under	this	obligation	as	of	each	balance	sheet	date.
The	Company	is	eligible	to	receive	certain	state	and	local	incentives	that	are	associated	with	renewable	energy	generation.	The	amount	of	incentives	that	can	be	claimed	is	based	on	the	projected	or	actual	solar	energy	system	size
and/or	the	amount	of	solar	energy	produced.	The	Company	also	currently	participates	in	one	state’s	incentive	program	that	is	based	on	either	the	fair	market	value	or	the	tax	basis	of	solar	energy	systems	placed	in	service.	State	and	local
incentives	received	are	allocated	between	the	Company	and	fund	investors	in	accordance	with	the	contractual	provisions	of	each	fund.	The	Company	is	not	contractually	obligated	to	indemnify	any	fund	investor	for	any	losses	they	may	incur	due
to	a	shortfall	in	the	amount	of	state	or	local	incentives	actually	received.
As	disclosed	in	Note	13,	the	Company	is	contractually	required	to	make	payments	to	one	fund	investor	to	ensure	that	the	fund	investor	achieves	a	specified	minimum	internal	rate	of	return.	The	fund	investor	has	already	received	a
significant	portion	of	the	projected	economic	benefits	from	U.S.	Treasury	grant	distributions	and	tax	depreciation	benefits.	The	contractual	provisions	of	the	fund	state	that	the	fund	has	an	indefinite	term	unless	the	members	agree	to	dissolve	the
fund.	Based	on	the	Company’s	current	financial	projections	regarding	the	amount	and	timing	of	future	distributions	to	the	fund	investor,	the	Company	does	not	expect	to	make	any	payments	as	a	result	of	this	guarantee	and	has	not	accrued	any
liabilities	for	this	guarantee.	The	amount	of	potential	future	payments	under	this	guarantee	is	dependent	on	the	amount	and	timing	of	future	distributions	to	the	fund	investor	and	future	tax	benefits	that	accrue	to	the	fund	investor.	Due	to	the
uncertainties	surrounding	estimating	the	amounts	of	these	factors,	the	Company	is	unable	to	estimate	the	maximum	potential	payments	under	this	guarantee.	To	date,	the	fund	investor	has	achieved	the	specified	minimum	internal	rate	of	return
as	determined	in	accordance	with	the	contractual	provisions	of	the	fund.
As	disclosed	in	Note	14,	
Lease	Pass-Through	Financing	Obligation
,	the	lease	pass-through	financing	funds	have	a	one-time	lease	payment	reset	mechanism	that	occurs	after	the	installation	of	all	solar	energy	systems	in	a	fund.	As	a
result	of	this	mechanism,	the	Company	may	be	required	to	refund	master	lease	prepayments	previously	received	from	investors.	Any	refunds	of	master	lease	prepayments	would	reduce	the	lease	pass-through	financing	obligation.
Letters	of	Credit
As	of	December	31,	2016,	the	Company	had	$30.2	million	of	unused	letters	of	credit	outstanding,	which	carry	a	fee	of	3.4%	per	annum.
Other	Contingencies
In	July	2012,	the	Company,	along	with	other	companies	in	the	solar	energy	industry,	received	a	subpoena	from	the	U.S.	Treasury	Department’s	Office	of	the	Inspector	General	to	deliver	certain	documents	in	the	Company’s	possession
that	were	dated,	created,	revised	or	referred	to	after	January	1,	2007	and	that	relate	to	the	Company’s	applications	for	U.S.	Treasury	grants	or	communications	with	certain	other	solar	energy	development	companies	or	with	certain	firms	that
appraise	solar	energy	property	for
	SolarCity	Corporation
Notes	to	Consolidated	Financial	Statements	(continued)
	
U.S	Treasury	grant	application	purposes.	The	Inspector	General	and	the	Civil	Division	of	the	U.S.	Department	of	Justice	are	investigating	the	administration	and	implementation	of	the	U.S	Treasury	grant	program	
relating	to	the	fair	market	value
of	the	solar	energy	systems	that	the	Company	submitted	in	U.S.	Treasury	grant	applications
.	The	Company	has	accrued	a	reserve	for	its	potential	liability	associated	with	this	ongoing	investigation	as	of	December	31,	2016.
In	February	2013,	two	of	the	Company’s	financing	funds	filed	a	lawsuit	in	the	United	States	Court	of	Federal	Claims	against	the	United	States	government,	seeking	to	recover	approximately	$14.0	million	that	the	United	States
Treasury	was	obligated	to	pay,	but	failed	to	pay,	under	Section	1603	of	the	American	Recovery	and	Reinvestment	Act	of	2009.	In	February	2016,	the	government	filed	a	motion	seeking	leave	to	assert	a	counterclaim	against	the	two	plaintiff	funds
on	the	grounds	that	the	government,	in	fact,	paid	them	more,	not	less,	than	they	were	entitled	to	as	a	matter	of	law.	The	Company	believes	that	the	government’s	claims	are	without	merit	and	expects	the	plaintiff	funds	to	litigate	the	case
vigorously.	Trial	in	the	case	is	set	for	the	latter	half	of	2017.	The	Company	is	unable	to	estimate	the	possible	loss,	if	any,	associated	with	this	lawsuit.
On	March	28,	2014,	a	purported	stockholder	class	action	lawsuit	was	filed	in	the	United	States	District	Court	for	the	Northern	District	of	California	against	the	Company	and	two	of	its	officers.	The	complaint	alleges	violations	of
federal	securities	laws,	and	seeks	unspecified	compensatory	damages	and	other	relief	on	behalf	of	a	purported	class	of	purchasers	of	the	Company’s	securities	from	March	6,	2013	to	March	18,	2014.	After	a	series	of	amendments	to	the	original
complaint,	the	District	Court	dismissed	the	amended	complaint	and	entered	a	judgment	in	the	Company’s	favor	on	August	9,	2016.	The	plaintiffs	have	filed	a	notice	of	appeal.	The	Company	believes	that	the	claims	are	without	merit	and	intends	to
defend	against	this	lawsuit	vigorously.	The	Company	is	unable	to	estimate	the	possible	loss,	if	any,	associated	with	this	lawsuit.
On	June	5	and	11,	2014,	stockholder	derivative	actions	were	filed	in	the	Superior	Court	of	California	for	the	County	of	San	Mateo,	purportedly	on	behalf	of	the	Company	and	against	the	board	of	directors,	alleging	that	the	board	of
directors	breached	its	duties	to	the	Company	by	failing	to	prevent	the	conduct	alleged	in	the	pending	purported	stockholder	class	action	lawsuit.	The	Company	and	the	individual	board	member	defendants	filed	a	motion	to	dismiss	the	complaint,
which	the	Superior	Court	granted	on	December	17,	2015,	while	allowing	the	plaintiffs	an	opportunity	to	file	an	amended	complaint	to	remedy	the	defects	in	the	original	complaint.	On	or	about	March	2,	2016,	the	plaintiffs	informed	the	Company
and	the	Superior	Court	that	they	had	sold	their	shares	in	the	Company	during	the	pendency	of	the	suit.	Consequently,	the	plaintiffs	no	longer	had	standing	to	bring	their	lawsuit,	which	they	voluntarily	dismissed.
In	June	2014,	the	Company	along	with	Sunrun,	Inc.,	or	Sunrun,	filed	a	lawsuit	in	the	Superior	Court	of	Arizona	against	the	Arizona	Department	of	Revenue,	or	DOR,	challenging	DOR’s	interpretation	of	Arizona	state	law	to	impose
property	taxes	on	solar	energy	systems	that	are	leased	by	customers.	On	June	1,	2015,	the	Superior	Court	issued	an	order	rejecting	the	interpretation	of	the	Arizona	state	law	under	which	the	DOR	had	sought	to	tax	leased	solar	energy	systems.
In	that	same	order,	the	Superior	Court	held	that	a	separate	Arizona	statute,	which	provides	that	such	systems	are	deemed	to	have	no	value	for	purposes	of	calculating	property	tax,	violated	certain	provisions	of	the	Arizona	state	constitution.	Both
the	DOR	and	the	Company	have	appealed	the	Superior	Court’s	ruling,	and	the	Court	of	Appeals	heard	argument	on	November	15,	2016.	The	Company	will	continue	to	vigorously	pursue	its	claims.
On	March	2,	2015,	the	Company	filed	a	lawsuit	in	the	United	States	District	Court	for	the	District	of	Arizona	against	the	Salt	River	Project	Agricultural	Improvement	and	Power	District	and	the	Salt	River	Valley	Water	Users’
Association,	or	SRP,	alleging	that	SRP’s	imposition	of	distribution	charges	and	demand	charges	on	new	solar	energy	customers	in	its	territory	violates	state	and	federal	antitrust	laws.	On	June	23,	2015,	SRP	moved	to	dismiss	the	complaint.	On
October	27,	2015,	the	District	Court	denied	SRP’s	motion	to	dismiss	in	part	and	granted	it	in	part.	In	particular,	the	District	Court	held	that	the	Company	may	proceed	on	its	antitrust	claims	against	SRP	to	seek	an	injunction	blocking	SRP’s	new
charges	and	may	proceed	with	claims	for	damages	under	state	laws	other	than	antitrust	laws.	Furthermore,	the	District	Court	held	that	the	Company	may	not	recover	monetary	damages	on	its	antitrust	theories	and	dismissed	two	of	its	antitrust
claims	while	allowing	the	others	to	proceed.	Discovery	has	concluded.	On	September	20,	2016,	the	District	Court	entered	a	stay	of	the	litigation	while	SRP	appeals	the	District	Court’s	earlier	decision,	holding	that	SRP	is	subject	to	state	and
federal	antitrust	laws.	The	Court	of	Appeals	heard	argument	on	November	18,	2016.	The	Company	intends	to	pursue	its	claims	vigorously.
In	April	2015,	Borrego	Solar	Systems	Inc.,	or	Borrego,	commenced	an	arbitration	against	the	Company	alleging	that	the	Company	wrongfully	terminated	a	construction	services	agreement.	The	Company	engaged	in	discovery	and
participated	in	an	arbitration	hearing	in	February	2016.	After	the	hearing,	on	April	12,	2016,	the	arbitrator	entered	an	interim	award	in	favor	of	Borrego	and	ultimately	entered	a	final	award	in	the	amount	of	$2.0	million,	which	the	Company	has
satisfied	in	full.
On	September	18,	2015,	a	stockholder	derivative	action	was	filed	in	the	Court	of	Chancery	of	the	State	of	Delaware,	purportedly	on	behalf	of	the	Company	and	against	the	board	of	directors,	alleging	that	the	board	of	directors
breached	its	duties	to	the	Company	by	approving	stock-based	compensation	to	the	non-employee	directors	that	the	plaintiff	claims	is	excessive	compared	to	the
	SolarCity	Corporation
Notes	to	Consolidated	Financial	Statements	(continued)
	
compensation	paid	to	directors	of	peer	companies.	At	the	Company’s	2016	annual	meeting	of	stockholders,	the	non-employee	director	compensation	plan	was	approved	and	ratified,	including	by	a	majority	of	the	shares	held	by	the	disinterested
stockholders	of	the	Company.	As	a	result,	the	case	has	been	dismissed,	and	the	matter	has	been	resolved.
On	September	21,	2015,	the	Company	filed	a	lawsuit	in	the	United	States	District	Court	for	the	District	of	Massachusetts	against	Seaboard	Solar	Operations	LLC,	or	Seaboard,	and	its	principal,	Stuart	Longman,	alleging	breaches	of
the	various	written	contracts	between	the	Company	and	Seaboard,	fraud,	conversion	and	unfair	business	practices.	The	Company	sought	a	declaratory	judgment	that	it	owns	and	has	the	right	to	develop	the	specified	projects	and	of	damages	of
approximately	$16.0	million.	In	December	2015,	the	Company	settled	the	lawsuit	in	exchange	for	$16.1	million	to	be	paid	by	Seaboard;	upon	making	the	payment,	Seaboard	will	have	the	rights	to	the	projects.
On	November	6,	2015,	a	putative	class	action	lawsuit,	
Morris	v.	SolarCity
,	was	filed	in	the	United	States	District	Court	for	the	Northern	District	of	California	against	the	Company.	The	complaint	alleges	that	the	Company	made
unlawful	telephone	marketing	calls	to	the	plaintiff	and	others,	in	violation	of	the	federal	Telephone	Consumer	Protection	Act.	The	plaintiff	seeks	injunctive	relief	and	statutory	damages,	on	behalf	of	himself	and	a	certified	class.	The	Company	filed
a	motion	to	dismiss	the	complaint,	which	the	District	Court	denied	on	April	6,	2016.			
Following	discovery,	plaintiff	filed	a	motion	for	class	certification	on	December	15,	2016.		Briefing	on	class	certification	is	expected	to	be	complete	in	late
February	2017,	and	the	certification	motion	will	be	heard	in	March	2017.		SolarCity	continues	to	believe	
that	the	claims	are	without	merit	and	intends	to	defend	itself	vigorously.	The	Company		has	accrued	a	reserve	for	its	potential	liability
associated	with	this	matter	and	the	
Gibbs
	matter	described	below,	as	of	December	31,	2016.
On	June	1,	2016,	a	putative	class	action	lawsuit,	
Gibbs	v.	SolarCity
,	alleging	that	the	Company	made	unlawful	telephone	marketing	calls	in	violation	of	the	federal	Telephone	Consumer	Protection	Act,	was	filed	against	the	Company	in
the	United	States	District	Court	for	the	District	of	Massachusetts.	The	two	named	plaintiffs	seek	injunctive	relief	and	statutory	damages,	on	behalf	of	themselves	and	a	certified	class.	The	Company	has	moved	to	dismiss	the	complaint;	the	hearing
on	that	motion	was	held	on	December	8,	2016.	The	Company	believes	that	the	claims	are	without	merit	and	intends	to	defend	itself	vigorously.	The	Company		has	accrued	a	reserve	for	its	potential	liability	associated	with	this	matter	and	the
Morris
	matter	described	above,	as	of	December	31,	2016
On	August	15,	2016,	a	purported	stockholder	class	action	lawsuit	was	filed	in	the	United	States	District	Court	for	the	Northern	District	of	California	against	the	Company,	two	of	its	officers	and	a	former	officer.	The	complaint	alleges
that	the	Company	made	projections	of	future	sales	and	installations	that	the	Company	failed	to	achieve	and	that	these	projections	were	fraudulent	when	made.	The	plaintiffs	claim	violations	of	federal	securities	laws	and	seek	unspecified
compensatory	damages	and	other	relief	on	behalf	of	a	purported	class	of	purchasers	of	the	Company’s	securities	from	May	5,	2015	to	February	16,	2016.	The	Company	believes	that	the	claims	are	without	merit	and	intends	to	defend	against
them	vigorously.	The	Company	is	unable	to	estimate	the	possible	loss,	if	any,	associated	with	this	lawsuit.
On	September	26,	2016,	Cogenra	Solar	Inc.,	or	Cogenra,	and	Khosla	Ventures	III,	L.P.	filed	a	lawsuit	in	the	United	States	District	Court	for	the	Northern	District	of	California	alleging	that	the	Company	and	its	subsidiary,	Silevo	Inc.,
had	misappropriated	trade	secrets	obtained	from	Cogenra	during	interactions	governed	by	non-disclosure	agreements	and	during	the	course	of	diligence	in	2014,	when	the	Company	considered	acquiring	Cogenra.	The	Company	believes	that	the
claims	are	without	merit	and	intends	to	defend	itself	vigorously.	The	Company	is	unable	to	estimate	the	possible	loss,	if	any,	associated	with	this	lawsuit.
From	time	to	time,	claims	have	been	asserted,	and	may	in	the	future	be	asserted,	including	claims	from	regulatory	authorities	related	to	labor	practices	and	other	matters.	Such	assertions	arise	in	the	normal	course	of	the	Company’s
operations.	The	resolution	of	any	such	assertions	or	claims	cannot	be	predicted	with	certainty.	If	an	unfavorable	ruling	were	to	occur,	there	exists	the	possibility	of	a	material	adverse	impact	on	the	Company’s	results	of	operations,	prospects,
cash	flows,	financial	and	position.
	
	
24.	Subsequent	Events
New	Debt	Facility
On	January	27,	2017,	a	subsidiary	of	the	Company	issued	$145.0	million	in	aggregate	principal	of	solar	loan-backed	notes	with	a	final	maturity	date	of	September	2049.	The	solar	loan-backed	notes	are	secured	by	certain	customer	loans
under	the	MyPower	program.
Repayment	of	Debt	Facilities
In	January	2017,	$25.0	million	of	the	secured	revolving	credit	facility	matured	and	was	fully	repaid.
On	January	27	2017,	the	MyPower	revolving	credit	facility	matured,	and	the	aggregate	outstanding	principal	amount	of	$133.8	million	was	fully	repaid.
	