10-K	
1	
d668062d10k.htm	
10-K
Table	of	Contents
	
	
UNITED	STATES
SECURITIES	AND	EXCHANGE	COMMISSION
Washington,	D.C.	20549
FORM	10-K
(Mark	One)
x
ANNUAL	REPORT	PURSUANT	TO	SECTION	13	OR	15(d)	OF	THE	SECURITIES	EXCHANGE	ACT	OF	1934
For	the	fiscal	year	ended	December	31,	2013
OR
	
¨
TRANSITION	REPORT	PURSUANT	TO	SECTION	13	OR	15(d)	OF	THE	SECURITIES	EXCHANGE	ACT	OF	1934
For	the	transition	period	from																						to																					
Commission	File	Number:	001-34756
Tesla	Motors,	Inc.
(Exact	name	of	registrant	as	specified	in	its	charter)
	
Delaware
	
91-2197729
(State	or	other	jurisdiction	of
incorporation	or	organization)
	
(I.R.S.	Employer
Identification	No.)
3500	Deer	Creek	Road
Palo	Alto,	California
	
94304
(Address	of	principal	executive	offices)
	
(Zip	Code)
(650)	681-5000
(Registrant​s	telephone	number,	including	area	code)
Securities	registered	pursuant	to	Section	12(b)	of	the	Act:
	
Title	of	each	class
	
Name	of	each	exchange	on	which
registered
Common	Stock,	$0.001	par	value
	
The	NASDAQ	Stock	Market	LLC
Securities	registered	pursuant	to	Section	12(g)	of	the	Act:
None
Indicate	by	check	mark	whether	the	registrant	is	a	well-known	seasoned	issuer,	as	defined	in	Rule	405	of	the	Securities	Act.				Yes		
x
				No		
¨
Indicate	by	check	mark	if	the	registrant	is	not	required	to	file	reports	pursuant	to	Section	13	or	15(d)	of	the	Act.				Yes		
¨
				No		
x
Indicate	by	check	mark	whether	the	registrant	(1)	has	filed	all	reports	required	to	be	filed	by	Section	13	or	15(d)	of	the	Securities	Exchange	Act	of
1934	(​Exchange	Act​)	during	the	preceding	12	months	(or	for	such	shorter	period	that	the	registrant	was	required	to	file	such	reports),	and	(2)	has	been
subject	to	such	filing	requirements	for	the	past	90	days.				Yes		
x
				No		
¨
Indicate	by	check	mark	whether	the	registrant	has	submitted	electronically	and	posted	on	its	corporate	Web	site,	if	any,	every	Interactive	Data	File
required	to	be	submitted	and	posted	pursuant	to	Rule	405	of	Regulation	S-T	during	the	preceding	12	months	(or	for	such	shorter	period	that	the
registrant	was	required	to	submit	and	post	such	files).				Yes		
x
				No		
¨
Indicate	by	check	mark	if	disclosure	of	delinquent	filers	pursuant	to	Item	405	of	Regulation	S-K	(§229.405	of	this	chapter)	is	not	contained	herein,
and	will	not	be	contained,	to	the	best	of	registrant​s	knowledge,	in	definitive	proxy	or	information	statements	incorporated	by	reference	in	Part	III	of	this
Form	10-K	or	any	amendment	to	this	Form	10-K.		
¨
Indicate	by	check	mark	whether	the	registrant	is	a	large	accelerated	filer,	an	accelerated	filer,	a	non-accelerated	filer	or	a	smaller	reporting
company.	See	the	definitions	of	​large	accelerated	filer,​	​accelerated	filer,​	and	​smaller	reporting	company​	in	Rule	12b-2	of	the	Exchange	Act:
	
Large	accelerated	filer
	
x
		
Accelerated	filer
		
¨
Non-accelerated	filer
	
¨
	(Do	not	check	if	a	smaller	reporting	company)
		
Smaller	reporting	company
		
¨
Indicate	by	check	mark	whether	the	registrant	is	a	shell	company	(as	defined	in	Rule	12b-2	of	the	Exchange	Act).				Yes		
¨
				No		
x
The	aggregate	market	value	of	voting	stock	held	by	non-affiliates	of	the	registrant,	as	of	June	30,	2013,	the	last	day	of	registrant​s	most	recently
completed	second	fiscal	quarter,	was	$9,911,123,918	(based	on	the	closing	price	for	shares	of	the	registrant​s	Common	Stock	as	reported	by	the
NASDAQ	Global	Select	Market	on	June	30,	2013).	Shares	of	Common	Stock	held	by	each	executive	officer,	director,	and	holder	of	5%	or	more	of	the
outstanding	Common	Stock	have	been	excluded	in	that	such	persons	may	be	deemed	to	be	affiliates.	This	determination	of	affiliate	status	is	not
necessarily	a	conclusive	determination	for	other	purposes.
As	of	January	31,	2014,	there	were	123,191,938	shares	of	the	registrant​s	Common	Stock	outstanding.
DOCUMENTS	INCORPORATED	BY	REFERENCE
Portions	of	the	registrant​s	Proxy	Statement	for	the	2014	Annual	Meeting	of	Stockholders	are	incorporated	herein	by	reference	in	Part	III	of	this	Annual
Report	on	Form	10-K	to	the	extent	stated	herein.	Such	proxy	statement	will	be	filed	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission	within	120	days	of
the	registrant​s	fiscal	year	ended	December	31,	2013.
	
	
	Table	of	Contents
TESLA	MOTORS,	INC.
ANNUAL	REPORT	ON	FORM	10-K	FOR	THE	YEAR	ENDED	DECEMBER	31,	2013
INDEX
	
	
		
	
		
Page
	
PART	I.
		
		
Item	1.
		
Business
		
	
4
		
Item	1A.
		
Risk	Factors
		
	
23
		
Item	1B.
		
Unresolved	Staff	Comments
		
	
58
		
Item	2.
		
Properties
		
	
58
		
Item	3.
		
Legal	Proceedings
		
	
59
		
PART	II.
		
		
Item	5.
		
Market	for	Registrant​s	Common	Equity,	Related	Stockholder	Matters	and	Issuer	Purchases	of	Equity	Securities
		
	
60
		
Item	6.
		
Selected	Financial	Data
		
	
62
		
Item	7.
		
Management​s	Discussion	and	Analysis	of	Financial	Condition	and	Results	of	Operations
		
	
65
		
Item	7A.
		
Quantitative	and	Qualitative	Disclosures	About	Market	Risk
		
	
87
		
Item	8.
		
Financial	Statements	and	Supplementary	Data
		
	
89
		
Item	9.
		
Changes	in	and	Disagreements	with	Accountants	on	Accounting	and	Financial	Disclosure
		
	
124
		
Item	9A.
		
Controls	and	Procedures
		
	
124
		
Item	9B.
		
Other	Information
		
	
125
		
PART	III.
		
		
Item	10.
		
Directors,	Executive	Officers	and	Corporate	Governance
		
	
126
		
Item	11.
		
Executive	Compensation
		
	
126
		
Item	12.
		
Security	Ownership	of	Certain	Beneficial	Owners	and	Management	and	Related	Stockholder	Matters
		
	
126
		
Item	13.
		
Certain	Relationships	and	Related	Transactions,	and	Director	Independence
		
	
126
		
Item	14.
		
Principal	Accountant	Fees	and	Services
		
	
126
		
PART	IV.		
		
Item	15.
		
Exhibits	and	Financial	Statement	Schedules
		
	
126
		
Signatures
		
	
134
		
	
2Table	of	Contents
Forward-Looking	Statements
The	discussions	in	this	Annual	Report	on	Form	10-K	contain	forward-looking	statements	reflecting	our	current	expectations	that
involve	risks	and	uncertainties.	These	forward-looking	statements	include,	but	are	not	limited	to,	statements	concerning	our	strategy,
future	operations,	future	financial	position,	future	revenues,	projected	costs,	profitability,	expected	cost	reductions,	capital	adequacy,
expectations	regarding	demand	and	acceptance	for	our	technologies,	growth	opportunities	and	trends	in	the	market	in	which	we	operate,
prospects	and	plans	and	objectives	of	management.	The	words	​anticipates​,	​believes​,	​estimates​,	​expects​,	​intends​,	​may​,	​plans​,	​projects​,	​will​,
​would​	and	similar	expressions	are	intended	to	identify	forward-looking	statements,	although	not	all	forward-looking	statements	contain
these	identifying	words.	We	may	not	actually	achieve	the	plans,	intentions	or	expectations	disclosed	in	our	forward-looking	statements
and	you	should	not	place	undue	reliance	on	our	forward-looking	statements.	Actual	results	or	events	could	differ	materially	from	the
plans,	intentions	and	expectations	disclosed	in	the	forward-looking	statements	that	we	make.	These	forward-looking	statements	involve
risks	and	uncertainties	that	could	cause	our	actual	results	to	differ	materially	from	those	in	the	forward-looking	statements,	including,
without	limitation,	the	risks	set	forth	in	Part	I,	Item	1A,	​Risk	Factors​	in	this	Annual	Report	on	Form	10-K	and	in	our	other	filings	with	the
Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	We	do	not	assume	any	obligation	to	update	any	forward-looking	statements.
	
3Table	of	Contents
PART	I
	
ITEM	1.
BUSINESS
Overview
We	design,	develop,	manufacture	and	sell	high-performance	fully	electric	vehicles	and	advanced	electric	vehicle	powertrain	components.	We	have
established	our	own	network	of	sales	and	service	centers	and	Supercharger	stations	globally	thus	creating	a	unique	business	model	in	the	automobile
industry.	We	have	operationally	structured	our	business	in	a	manner	that	we	believe	will	enable	us	to	rapidly	develop	and	launch	advanced	electric
vehicles	and	technologies.	We	believe	our	vehicles,	electric	vehicle	engineering	expertise,	and	operational	structure	differentiates	us	from	incumbent
automobile	manufacturers.
We	are	currently	producing	and	selling	our	second	vehicle,	the	Model	S	sedan.	Model	S	is	a	four	door,	five-passenger	premium	sedan	that	offers
exceptional	performance,	functionality	and	attractive	styling.	The	Model	S	inherited	many	of	the	electric	powertrain	innovations	we	introduced	with	our
first	vehicle,	the	Tesla	Roadster	which	was	launched	in	2008	and	was	the	first	commercially	produced	and	federally	compliant	EV	in	the	United	States.
We	completed	production	of	approximately	2,500	Tesla	Roadsters	in	January	2012	and	began	deliveries	of	Model	S	in	June	2012.	As	of	December	31,
2013,	we	have	delivered	over	25,000	Model	S	vehicles	in	North	America	and	Europe.	In	2014,	we	expect	to	grow	our	presence	in	several	international
markets	with	deliveries	to	commence	in	China,	Japan,	the	United	Kingdom	and	Australia.	Since	its	launch,	Model	S	has	won	several	awards,	including
the	prestigious	
Motor	Trend
	Car	of	the	Year	for	2013.	In	November	2013,	Model	S	received	99	out	of	100	in	an	owner	survey	conducted	by	
Consumer
Reports
,	the	highest	customer	satisfaction	score	of	any	car	in	the	world.	Our	goal	is	to	deliver	the	highest	possible	level	of	ownership	satisfaction	in
every	way.
We	are	adapting	the	platform	architecture	of	Model	S	to	develop	our	Model	X	crossover.	This	unique	vehicle	has	been	designed	to	fill	the	niche
between	the	roominess	of	a	minivan	and	the	style	of	an	SUV,	while	having	high	performance	features	such	as	a	dual	motor	all-wheel	drive	system.	We
revealed	a	prototype	of	Model	X	in	February	2012.	We	currently	expect	to	have	production	design	Model	X	prototypes	on	the	road	by	end	of	year	and
begin	volume	deliveries	to	customers	in	the	spring	of	2015.	We	have	also	publicly	announced	our	intent	to	develop	a	third	generation	electric	vehicle,	to
which	we	refer	as	​Gen	III​,	which	we	intend	to	offer	at	a	lower	price	point	and	produce	at	higher	volumes	than	our	Model	S	in	approximately	three	years.
We	are	also	building	a	network	of	Superchargers	in	the	United	States	and	Europe	to	enable	free	and	convenient	long	distance	driving.
Superchargers	allow	Model	S	owners	to	replenish	50%	of	the	battery	pack	in	as	little	as	20	minutes.	Supercharger	stations	are	strategically	placed
along	well-travelled	highways	to	allow	Model	S	owners	to	enjoy	long	distance	travel	with	convenient,	minimal	stops.	As	of	February	19,	2014,	we	had	90
Supercharger	stations	open	in	North	America	and	Europe.	We	plan	to	continue	to	open	Supercharger	stations	in	these	regions	as	well	as	in	Asia	during
2014	and	expect	to	triple	our	Supercharger	stations	during	2014.	We	expect	that	Model	X	and	our	future	cars	will	be	able	to	use	this	network.
We	sell	and	service	our	electric	vehicles	through	our	company-owned	sales	and	service	network	in	North	America,	Europe	and	Asia.	Our	intent	is
to	offer	a	compelling	customer	experience	while	gathering	rapid	customer	feedback	and	achieving	operating	efficiencies,	better	control	over	the	costs	of
inventory,	warranty	service,	pricing,	and	the	development	of	the	Tesla	brand.	Our	Tesla	stores	do	not	carry	large	vehicle	inventories	and,	as	a	result,	do
not	require	corresponding	large	floor	spaces.	We	believe	the	benefits	we	receive	from	distribution	ownership	will	enable	us	to	improve	the	speed	of
product	development	and	improve	the	capital	efficiency	of	our	business.	We	believe	that	this	approach	provides	us	with	a	competitive	advantage	as
compared	to	incumbent	automobile	manufacturers.
In	addition	to	developing	our	own	vehicles,	we	provide	services	for	the	development	of	full	electric	powertrain	systems	and	components,	and	sell
electric	powertrain	components	to	other	automotive	manufacturers.	We	have	provided	development	services	and	powertrain	components	to	Daimler	AG
(Daimler)	for	its	Smart	fortwo,	A-Class,	and	B-Class	electric	vehicles.	We	also	have	developed	a	full	electric	powertrain	system	for
	
4Table	of	Contents
Toyota	Motor	Corporation	(Toyota)	for	use	in	its	RAV4	EV	and	began	shipping	production	components	to	Toyota	in	2012.	We	also	plan	to	start	selling
stationary	energy	storage	products	for	use	in	homes,	commercial	sites,	and	utilities.	The	applications	for	these	battery	systems	include	backup	power,
peak	demand	reduction,	demand	response,	and	wholesale	electric	market	services.
We	conduct	our	powertrain	and	vehicle	manufacturing	and	assembly	operations	at	the	Tesla	Factory,	our	integrated	manufacturing	facility	in
Fremont,	California,	and	at	our	facility	in	Tilburg,	Netherlands.	We	have	recently	indicated	our	intention	to	build	the	Tesla	Gigafactory,	a	facility	in	the
United	States	where	we	intend	to	manufacture	cells	and	battery	packs	for	our	vehicles	and	our	stationary	storage	applications.
Our	fully	electric	vehicles	combine	zero	tailpipe	emissions,	market	leading	range	on	a	single	charge,	impressive	acceleration,	and	pricing
competitive	with	other	vehicles	in	their	classes.	For	example,	our	Model	S	accelerates	from	zero	to	60	miles	per	hour	in	as	little	as	4.2	seconds	and	has
a	range	on	a	single	charge	of	up	to	265	miles.	We	offer	Model	S	with	60	kWh	and	85	kWh	battery	pack	options.	Model	S	has	an	effective	base	price	of
$62,400	and	$72,400	in	the	United	States	for	the	60	kWh	and	85	kWh	options,	respectively,	assuming	and	after	giving	effect	to	the	continuation	of	a
United	States	federal	tax	credit	of	$7,500	for	the	purchase	of	alternative	fuel	vehicles.	Even	without	the	tax	credit,	we	believe	our	list	prices	are
competitive	from	a	pricing	perspective	with	other	premium	vehicles.	We	believe	that	Model	S	demonstrates	our	ability	to	produce	increasingly
affordable	electric	vehicles	that	offer	long-range	capabilities	and	uncompromised	performance,	energy	efficiency,	convenience	and	design.
The	commercial	production	of	a	highway	capable,	fully	electric	vehicle	that	meets	consumers​	range	and	performance	expectations	requires
substantial	design,	engineering,	and	integration	work	on	almost	every	system	of	our	vehicles.	Our	roots	in	Silicon	Valley	have	enabled	us	to	recruit
engineers	with	strong	skills	in	electrical	engineering,	power	electronics	and	software	engineering.	We	have	complemented	this	talent	base	with
automotive	engineers	with	substantial	expertise	in	vehicle	engineering	and	manufacturing.	Our	ability	to	combine	expertise	in	electric	powertrain	and
vehicle	engineering	provides	a	broad	capability	in	electric	vehicle	design	and	systems	integration.	We	believe	these	capabilities,	coupled	with	our	focus
solely	on	electric	vehicle	technology	as	well	as	our	strong	in-house	engineering	and	highly	vertical	manufacturing	capacity,	will	enable	us	to	sustain	the
electric	vehicle	industry	leadership	we	created	through	the	production	of	the	Tesla	Roadster	and	Model	S.
Our	battery	pack	and	electric	powertrain	system	has	enabled	us	to	deliver	market-leading	range	capability	on	our	vehicles	at	what	we	believe	is	a
compelling	battery	cost	per	kilowatt-hour.	Our	battery	packs	use	custom	electric	vehicle	lithium-ion	battery	cells	and	contain	two	to	three	times	the
energy	of	any	other	commercially	available	electric	vehicle	battery	pack,	thereby	significantly	increasing	the	range	capabilities	of	our	vehicles.
Designing	an	electric	powertrain	and	a	vehicle	to	exploit	its	energy	efficiency	has	required	extensive	safety	testing	and	innovation	in	battery	packs,
motors,	powertrain	systems	and	vehicle	engineering.	Our	proprietary	technology	includes	cooling	systems,	safety	systems,	charge	balancing	systems,
battery	engineering	for	vibration	and	environmental	durability,	customized	motor	design	and	the	software	and	electronics	management	systems
necessary	to	manage	battery	and	vehicle	performance	under	demanding	real-life	driving	conditions.	These	technology	innovations	have	resulted	in	an
extensive	intellectual	property	portfolio​as	of	December	31,	2013,	we	had	203	issued	patents	and	more	than	280	pending	patent	applications	with	the
United	States	Patent	and	Trademark	Office	and	internationally	in	a	broad	range	of	areas,	including	the	battery	pack	and	other	technologies.
We	are	designing	our	vehicles	to	enable	the	cost	effective	development	of	our	future	vehicles.	For	example,	we	have	designed	Model	S	with	a
platform	architecture,	which	compactly	positions	the	battery	pack,	motor	and	other	elements	of	our	powertrain	within	the	frame	of	the	vehicle.	We
believe	this	architecture	may	form	the	basis	of	several	future	vehicles,	including	our	planned	Model	X,	and	enable	us	to	efficiently	and	cost	effectively
launch	these	new	vehicle	models	in	the	future.
Our	design	and	vehicle	engineering	capabilities,	combined	with	the	technical	advancements	of	our	powertrain	system,	have	enabled	us	to	design
and	develop	zero	tailpipe	emission	vehicles	that	we	believe
	
5Table	of	Contents
overcome	the	design,	styling,	and	performance	issues	that	we	believe	have	historically	limited	broad	consumer	adoption	of	electric	vehicles.	As	a	result,
we	believe	our	customers	enjoy	several	benefits,	including:
	
	
	
Long	Range	and	Recharging	Flexibility.
	Our	vehicles	offer	ranges	that	are	over	double	the	range	of	any	other	commercially	available
electric	vehicle.	In	addition,	our	vehicles	incorporate	our	proprietary	on-board	charging	system,	permitting	recharging	from	almost	any
available	electrical	outlet.	Our	Model	S	vehicles	also	offer	fast	charging	capability	from	our	Supercharger	network.	We	believe	the	long-
range	and	charging	flexibility	of	our	vehicles	will	help	reduce	consumer	anxiety	over	range,	alleviate	the	need	for	expensive,	large-scale
charging	infrastructure,	and	differentiate	our	vehicles	as	compared	to	our	competitors​	currently	announced	electric	vehicle	product
offerings.
	
	
	
Energy	Efficiency	and	Cost	of	Ownership.
	We	believe	our	vehicles	offer	consumers	an	attractive	cost	of	ownership	when	compared	to
similar	internal	combustion	engine	or	hybrid	electric	vehicles.	Using	only	a	single	electric	powertrain	enables	us	to	create	a	lighter,	more
energy	efficient	vehicle	that	is	mechanically	simpler	than	currently	available	hybrid	or	internal	combustion	engine	vehicles.	We	currently
estimate	that	the	cost	to	fuel	our	vehicles	is	approximately	one-fifth	that	of	comparable	internal	combustion	vehicles	in	the	United	States,
and	even	less	internationally	where	gasoline	prices	are	typically	higher.	We	also	expect	our	electric	vehicles	will	have	lower	relative
maintenance	costs	than	hybrid,	plug-in	hybrid,	or	internal	combustion	engine	vehicles	due	to	fewer	moving	parts	and	the	absence	of	certain
components,	including	oil,	oil	filters,	spark	plugs	and	engine	valves.	Additionally,	government	incentives	that	are	currently	available	can
reduce	the	cost	of	ownership	even	further.
	
	
	
High-Performance	Without	Compromised	Design	or	Functionality.
	We	believe	we	have	been	able	to	successfully	overcome	the	design	and
performance	tradeoff	issues	that	encumbered	most	early	electric	vehicle	designs.	We	believe	our	vehicles	deliver	unparalleled	driving
experiences	with	instantaneous	and	sustained	acceleration	through	an	extended	range	of	speed.	In	addition,	our	Model	S	seats	five	adults,
provides	best	in	class	storage	in	the	trunk	and	hood	while	offering	design	and	performance	comparable	to,	or	better	than,	other	premium
sedans.
Our	Vehicles	and	Products
We	currently	design,	develop,	manufacture	and	sell	fully	electric	vehicles	and	electric	powertrain	components.	We	are	currently	selling	primarily
the	Model	S.
Model	S
Model	S	is	a	fully	electric,	four-door,	five-adult	passenger	sedan	that	offers	compelling	range	and	performance	with	zero	tailpipe	emissions.	We
began	customer	deliveries	in	June	2012.	As	of	December	31,	2013,	we	had	delivered	over	25,000	Model	S	vehicles.
Model	S	offers	a	range	on	a	single	charge	of	up	to	265	miles.	To	complement	this	range,	we	also	offer	the	capability	to	fast	charge	Model	S	at	our
Supercharger	facilities.	In	addition,	we	designed	Model	S	to	incorporate	a	modular	battery	pack	in	the	floor	of	the	vehicle,	enabling	it	to	be	rapidly
swapped	out	at	certain	of	our	service	centers	and	specialized	commercial	battery	exchange	facilities	that	we	anticipate	may	be	available	in	the	future.
We	believe	Model	S	offers	a	unique	combination	of	functionality,	convenience,	safety	and	styling	without	compromising	performance	and	energy
efficiency.	With	the	battery	pack	in	the	floor	of	the	vehicle	and	the	motor	and	gearbox	in	line	with	the	rear	axle,	Model	S	provides	best	in	class	storage
space	of	31.6	cubic	feet,	including	storage	under	both	the	tailgate	and	the	hood.	By	way	of	comparison,	this	storage	space	exceeds	the	approximately	14
cubic	feet	of	storage	available	in	the	2014	BMW	5	Series	sedan	and	the	approximately	18	cubic	feet	of	storage	available	in	the	2014	Cadillac	XTS.	In
addition,	we	have	designed	Model	S	to	include	a	third	row	with	two	rear-facing	child	seats,	allowing	us	to	offer	seating	for	five	adults	and	two	children.
Model	S	is	also	available	with	premium	luxury	features,	including	a	17	inch	touch	screen	driver	interface,	advanced
	
6Table	of	Contents
wireless	connectivity,	such	as	3G	connectivity,	and	driver	customization	of	the	infotainment	and	climate	control	systems	of	the	vehicle.	We	designed
Model	S	to	be	incorporate	new	functionality	through	wireless	updates,	which	allows	us	to	continually	improve	Model	S	over	time.	Model	S	has	also
achieved	a	five	star	safety	rating.	We	believe	the	combination	of	performance,	safety,	styling,	convenience	and	energy	efficiency	of	Model	S	positions	it
as	a	compelling	alternative	to	other	vehicles	in	the	luxury	and	performance	segments.
The	60	kWh	and	85	kWh	battery	pack	options	of	Model	S	have	an	effective	base	price	of	$62,400,	and	$72,400,	respectively,	in	the	United	States,
assuming	and	after	giving	effect	to	the	continuation	of	a	United	States	federal	tax	credit	of	$7,500	for	the	purchase	of	alternative	fuel	vehicles.	We	also
offer	a	performance	version	of	Model	S	for	an	effective	base	price	of	$85,900.
We	have	designed	Model	S	to	provide	a	lower	cost	of	ownership	as	compared	to	other	vehicles	in	its	class.	We	consider	the	purchase	price,	cost	of
fuel	and	the	cost	of	maintenance	over	a	six	year	ownership	period	in	this	calculation.	We	assume	comparable	residual	values,	warranties,	insurance
costs	and	promotions	and	assume	that	currently	available	consumer	incentives	are	still	available	at	the	time	of	a	Model	S	purchase.	In	addition	to	the
competitive	pricing	of	Model	S	relative	to	other	premium	vehicles,	we	estimate	that	customers	of	electric	vehicles	will	enjoy	lower	fuel	costs.	For
example,	assuming	an	average	of	15,000	miles	driven	per	year,	an	average	electricity	cost	of	11.8	cents	per	kilowatt-hour	and	an	average	gasoline	price
of	$3.24	per	gallon	over	the	full	ownership	of	the	vehicle	which	were	the	average	electricity	cost	and	gasoline	price	in	the	United	States,	respectively,
for	December	2013,	and	based	on	our	estimate	of	the	energy	efficiency	of	Model	S,	we	estimate	that	our	Model	S	could	save	approximately	$1,800	per
year	less	in	fuel	costs	than	a	comparable	premium	internal	combustion	engine	sedan.	In	international	markets,	where	gasoline	prices	can	be	2-3	times
those	of	the	United	States,	the	savings	are	greater.	Furthermore,	we	expect	Model	S	will	have	lower	maintenance	costs	than	comparable	premium
internal	combustion	engine	sedans	due	to	fewer	moving	parts	and	the	absence	of	certain	components,	including	oil,	oil	filters,	spark	plugs	and	engine
valves.
We	have	designed	Model	S	with	an	adaptable	platform	architecture	and	common	electric	powertrain	that	we	intend	to	leverage	to	create	future
electric	vehicle	models,	including	our	Model	X.	In	particular,	by	designing	our	electric	powertrain	within	the	chassis	to	accommodate	different	vehicle
body	styles,	we	believe	that	we	can	save	significant	time	in	future	vehicle	development.	In	addition,	we	believe	our	strategy	of	using	currently	available
battery	cells	will	enable	us	to	leverage	improvements	in	cell	chemistries	and	rapidly	introduce	planned	vehicles	with	different	range	options.
The	Tesla	Roadster
Our	first	vehicle,	the	Tesla	Roadster,	is	the	first	high-performance	electric	sports	car.	The	two-seat,	convertible	Tesla	Roadster	has	a	combination
of	range,	style,	performance	and	energy	efficiency	that	we	believe	is	unmatched	in	the	market	today.	It	can	accelerate	from	zero	to	60	miles	per	hour	in
as	little	as	3.7	seconds	and	has	a	maximum	speed	of	approximately	120	miles	per	hour.	The	Tesla	Roadster	also	has	a	range	of	245	miles	on	a	single
charge,	as	determined	using	the	United	States	EPA​s	combined	two-cycle	city/highway	test.	We	have	sold	approximately	2,500	Tesla	Roadsters	to
customers	in	over	30	countries,	predominately	in	North	America	and	Europe.	We	concluded	the	production	run	of	the	Tesla	Roadster	in	January	2012.
Model	X
In	February	2012,	we	revealed	an	early	prototype	of	the	Model	X	crossover	as	the	first	vehicle	we	intend	to	develop	by	leveraging	the	Model	S
platform.	This	unique	vehicle	has	been	designed	to	fill	the	niche	between	the	roominess	of	a	minivan	and	the	style	of	an	SUV,	while	having	high
performance	features	such	as	a	dual	motor	all-wheel	drive	system.	Model	X	will	seat	seven	adults.	We	anticipate	that	we	will	make	Model	X	available
with	60	kWh	and	85	kWh	battery	pack	options,	with	pricing	of	each	version	similar	to	those	of	a	comparably	equipped	Model	S.	We	currently	intend	to
target	an	initial	annual	production	rate	of	approximately	20,000	vehicles	per	year	from	our	Tesla	Factory.	We	expect	to	have	production	design	Model	X
prototypes	on	the	road	by	end	of
	
7Table	of	Contents
2014	and	begin	volume	deliveries	to	customers	in	the	spring	of	2015.	After	its	initial	launch	in	the	United	States,	Model	X	will	be	sold	in	all	the	markets
where	Model	S	is	available	including	in	Asia	and	Europe.
Gen	III
We	have	also	publicly	announced	our	intent	to	develop	a	third	generation	electric	vehicle,	to	which	we	refer	as	​Gen	III​,	to	be	produced	at	the
Tesla	Factory.	We	intend	to	offer	this	vehicle	at	a	lower	price	point	and	expect	to	produce	it	at	higher	volumes	than	our	Model	S.	We	expect	that	this
vehicle	will	be	produced	in	approximately	three	years.
Powertrain	Development	and	Sales
In	addition	to	our	own	vehicles,	we	also	design,	develop,	manufacture	and	sell	advanced	electric	vehicle	powertrain	components	to	other
automotive	manufacturers.
We	have	provided	development	services	and	full	powertrain	systems	and	components	to	Daimler	for	its	Smart	fortwo,	A-Class,	and	B-Class
electric	vehicles.	From	May	2009	through	December	2012,	we	provided	approximately	2,700	battery	packs	and	chargers	for	the	Smart	fortwo	and	A-
Class	vehicles.	We	have	completed	these	programs	and	are	now	providing	development	services	to	Daimler	for	its	B-Class	electric	vehicle.	We	also	have
developed	a	full	electric	powertrain	system	for	Toyota	for	use	in	its	RAV4	EV	and	began	shipping	production	systems	to	Toyota	in	2012.	As	of
December	31,	2013	we	have	shipped	over	1,600	units.
We	are	continuing	to	perform	our	electric	powertrain	component	and	systems	sales	and	marketing	activities	principally	out	of	our	Palo	Alto
facility.	This	facility,	which	also	serves	as	our	corporate	headquarters,	houses	our	research	and	development	services,	including	cell	and	component
testing	and	prototyping,	as	well	as	manufacturing	of	powertrain	components	for	sales	to	third	parties.	Manufacturing	of	our	powertrain	components	is
performed	at	the	Tesla	Factory.
Stationary	Energy	Storage	Applications
In	2013,	we	developed	stationary	energy	storage	products	for	use	in	homes,	commercial	sites	and	utilities.	The	applications	for	these	battery
systems	include	backup	power,	peak	demand	reduction,	demand	response	and	wholesale	electric	market	services.	We	plan	to	ramp	sales	of	these
products	in	2014.
Technology
We	believe	the	core	competencies	of	our	company	are	powertrain,	vehicle	engineering	and	innovative	manufacturing.	Our	core	intellectual
property	is	contained	within	our	electric	powertrain	and	the	ability	to	design	a	vehicle	which	capitalizes	on	the	uniqueness	of	an	electric	powertrain.
Our	electric	powertrain	consists	of	the	following:	battery	pack,	power	electronics,	motor,	gearbox	and	the	control	software	which	enables	the
components	to	operate	as	a	system.	We	designed	each	of	these	major	elements	for	our	Tesla	Roadster	and	Model	S	and	plan	to	use	much	of	this
technology	in	Model	X,	Gen	III,	our	future	electric	vehicles	and	powertrain	components	that	we	build	for	other	manufacturers.	Our	powertrain	and
battery	pack	have	a	modular	design,	enabling	future	generations	of	electric	vehicles	to	incorporate	a	significant	amount	of	this	technology.	Further,	our
powertrain	is	very	compact	and	contains	far	fewer	moving	parts	than	the	internal	combustion	powertrain.	These	features	enable	us	to	adapt	it	for	a
variety	of	applications,	including	our	future	vehicles	and	any	powertrain	components	we	build	for	other	manufacturers.
Battery	Pack
We	design	our	battery	packs	to	safely	store	significant	amounts	of	energy	and	to	have	long	lives.	For	example,	we	have	designed	our	Tesla
Roadster	battery	packs	to	store	53	kilowatt	hours	of	useful	energy	and	to
	
8Table	of	Contents
have	an	estimated	life	of	over	100,000	miles	or	seven	years.	In	addition,	we	have	designed	our	battery	packs	to	be	modular	so	that	we	can	leverage
technology	developments	across	our	different	vehicles	and	products.	Our	proprietary	technology	includes	cooling	systems,	safety	systems,	charge
balancing	systems,	battery	engineering	for	vibration	and	environmental	durability,	robotic	manufacturing	processes,	customized	motor	design	and	the
software	and	electronics	management	systems	necessary	to	manage	battery	and	vehicle	performance	under	demanding	real-life	driving	conditions.	We
have	significant	experience	and	expertise	in	the	safety	and	management	systems	needed	to	work	with	lithium-ion	cells	in	the	demanding	automotive
environment.	We	believe	these	advancements	have	enabled	us	to	produce	a	battery	pack	at	a	low	cost	per	kilowatt-hour.
We	believe	one	of	our	core	competencies	is	the	design	of	our	complete	battery	pack	system.	We	have	designed	our	battery	pack	system	to	permit
flexibility	with	respect	to	battery	cell	chemistry,	form	factor	and	vendor	that	we	adopt	for	battery	cell	supply.	In	so	doing,	we	believe	that	we	can
leverage	the	substantial	battery	cell	investments	and	advancements	being	made	globally	by	battery	cell	manufacturers	to	continue	to	improve	the	cost
per	kilowatt-hour	of	our	battery	pack.	We	maintain	an	internal	battery	cell	testing	lab	and	an	extensive	performance	database	of	the	many	available
lithium-ion	cell	vendors	and	chemistry	types.	We	intend	to	incorporate	the	battery	cells	that	provide	the	best	value	and	performance	possible	into	our
battery	packs,	and	we	expect	this	to	continue	over	time	as	battery	cells	continue	to	improve	in	energy	storage	capacity,	longevity,	power	delivery	and
cost.	We	believe	this	flexibility	will	enable	us	to	continue	to	evaluate	new	battery	cells	as	they	become	commercially	viable,	and	thereby	optimize
battery	pack	system	performance	and	cost	for	our	current	and	future	vehicles.	We	believe	our	ability	to	change	battery	cell	chemistries	and	vendors
while	retaining	our	existing	investments	in	software,	electronics,	testing	and	vehicle	packaging,	will	enable	us	to	quickly	deploy	various	battery	cells
into	our	products	and	leverage	the	latest	advancements	in	battery	cell	technology.
The	range	of	our	electric	vehicles	on	a	single	charge	declines	principally	as	a	function	of	usage,	time	and	charging	patterns.	Customers​	use	of
their	Tesla	vehicle	as	well	as	the	frequency	with	which	they	charge	the	battery	of	their	Tesla	vehicle	can	result	in	additional	deterioration	of	the
battery​s	ability	to	hold	a	charge.	For	example,	we	currently	expect	that	the	Tesla	Roadster	battery	pack	will	retain	approximately	70%	of	its	ability	to
hold	its	initial	charge	after	approximately	100,000	miles	or	seven	years,	which	will	result	in	a	decrease	to	the	vehicle​s	initial	range.	In	comparison	with
the	Roadster	battery	pack,	we	expect	that	the	retention	rate	of	the	Model	S	battery	pack	is	greater,	due	to	improvements	at	the	battery	cell	and	pack
level.	In	addition,	based	on	internal	testing,	we	estimate	that	the	Model	S	would	have	an	approximate	5-10%	reduction	in	range	when	operated
continuously	in	0°C	temperatures.
To	date,	we	have	tested	hundreds	of	battery	cells	of	different	chemistries,	form	factors	and	designs.	Based	on	this	evaluation,	we	are	presently
using	lithium-ion	battery	cells	based	on	the	18650	form	factor	in	all	of	our	battery	packs.	We	intend	to	use	the	same	battery	cell	form	factor	in	Model	X.
We	entered	into	a	supply	agreement	with	Panasonic	Corporation	(Panasonic)	for	the	use	of	Panasonic​s	battery	cells	in	Model	S	and	Model	X.	We	expect
these	battery	cells	to	exhibit	better	performance	and	longer	lifetimes	than	the	battery	cells	used	in	the	Tesla	Roadster.
Power	Electronics
The	power	electronics	in	our	electric	powertrain	govern	the	flow	of	electrical	current	throughout	the	car,	primarily	the	current	that	flows	into	and
out	of	the	battery	pack.	The	power	electronics	have	two	primary	functions,	the	control	of	torque	generation	in	the	motor	while	driving	and	the	control	of
energy	delivery	back	into	the	battery	pack	while	charging.
The	first	function	is	accomplished	through	the	drive	inverter,	which	converts	direct	current	(DC)	from	the	battery	pack	into	alternating	current
(AC)	to	drive	our	three-phase	induction	motors.	The	drive	inverter	also	converts	the	AC	generated	by	regenerative	braking	back	into	DC	for	electrical
storage	in	the	battery	pack.	The	drive	inverter	performs	this	function	by	using	a	high-performance	digital	signal	processor	which	runs	some	of	the	most
complicated	and	detailed	software	in	the	vehicle.	In	so	doing,	the	drive	inverter	is	directly	responsible	for	the	performance,	high	efficiency	and	overall
driving	experience	of	the	vehicle.
	
9Table	of	Contents
The	second	function,	charging	the	battery	pack,	is	accomplished	by	the	charger,	which	converts	alternating	current	(usually	from	a	wall	outlet	or
other	electricity	source)	into	direct	current	that	can	be	accepted	by	the	battery.	Tesla	vehicles	can	recharge	on	a	variety	of	AC	electrical	outlets,	from	a
common	outlet	of	15	amps	and	120	volts	up	to	a	high	power	circuit	of	80	amps	and	240	volts,	which	provides	faster	recharging.	The	most	common	home
charging	system	uses	a	14-50	type	outlet	at	40	amps	and	240	volts	to	recharge	at	an	EPA	equivalent	rate	of	29	miles	per	hour	of	charge	time.
In	the	United	States,	Model	S	vehicles	are	delivered	with	an	SAE	1772	industry	standard	adapter	that	enables	public	AC	charging	at	thousands	of
stations.	The	European	version	of	Model	S	has	an	industry	standard	vehicle	inlet	connector	that	is	also	compatible	with	public	charge	stations	around
Europe.	Vehicles	in	both	the	United	States	and	Europe	also	come	with	the	Tesla	Mobile	Connector	which	enables	charging	from	a	variety	of	different
outlets	for	customers	who	want	a	portable	solution	with	maximum	flexibility.	For	the	fastest	possible	charging,	we	offer	a	high-voltage,	direct	current
option	for	Model	S	that	enables	the	vehicle	to	charge	from	Tesla​s	Supercharger	network.	Superchargers	are	able	to	replenish	50%	of	the	battery	pack
in	as	little	as	20	minutes	of	charge	time.	This	flexibility	in	charging	provides	customers	with	additional	mobility,	while	also	allowing	them	to
conveniently	charge	the	vehicle	overnight	at	home.
Vehicle	Control	and	Infotainment	Software
The	performance	and	safety	systems	of	our	vehicles	and	their	battery	packs	require	sophisticated	control	software.	There	are	numerous
processors	in	our	vehicles	to	control	these	functions,	and	we	write	custom	firmware	for	many	of	these	processors.	The	flow	of	electricity	between	the
battery	pack	and	the	motor	must	be	tightly	controlled	in	order	to	deliver	the	performance	and	behavior	expected	in	the	vehicle.	For	example,	software
algorithms	enable	the	vehicle	to	mimic	the	​creep​	feeling	which	drivers	expect	from	an	internal	combustion	engine	vehicle	without	having	to	apply
pressure	on	the	accelerator.	Similar	algorithms	control	traction,	vehicle	stability	and	the	sustained	acceleration	and	regenerative	braking	of	the	vehicle.
Software	also	is	used	extensively	to	monitor	the	charge	state	of	each	of	the	cells	of	the	battery	pack	and	to	manage	all	of	its	safety	systems.	Drivers	use
the	information	and	control	systems	in	our	vehicles	to	optimize	performance,	customize	vehicle	behavior,	manage	charging	modes	and	times	and	control
all	infotainment	functions.	We	develop	almost	all	of	this	software,	including	most	of	the	user	interfaces,	internally.
Vehicle	Design	and	Engineering
In	addition	to	the	design,	development	and	production	of	the	powertrain,	we	have	created	significant	in-house	capabilities	in	the	design	and
engineering	of	electric	vehicles	and	electric	vehicle	components	and	systems.	We	design	and	engineer	bodies,	chassis,	interiors,	heating	and	cooling
and	low	voltage	electrical	systems	in	house	and	to	a	lesser	extent	in	conjunction	with	our	suppliers.	Our	team	has	core	competencies	in	computer	aided
design	and	crash	test	simulations	which	we	expect	to	reduce	the	product	development	time	of	new	models.
Several	traditional	automotive	subsystems	required	substantial	redesign	and	custom	optimization	to	integrate	with	the	powertrain	of	an	electric
vehicle.	For	example,	we	redesigned	the	heating,	ventilation	and	air	conditioning	(HVAC)	system	to	integrate	with	the	battery	thermal	management
system	and	to	operate	without	the	energy	generated	from	an	internal	combustion	engine.	In	addition,	low	voltage	electric	systems	which	power	features
such	as	the	radio,	power	windows,	and	heated	seats	also	needed	to	be	designed	specifically	for	use	in	an	electric	vehicle.	We	have	developed	expertise
in	integrating	these	components	with	the	high-voltage	power	source	in	the	vehicle	and	in	designing	components	that	significantly	reduce	their	load	on
the	vehicle	battery	pack,	thereby	maximizing	the	available	range	of	the	vehicle.
Additionally,	our	team	has	expertise	in	lightweight	materials,	a	very	important	characteristic	for	electric	vehicles	given	the	impact	of	mass	on
range.	The	Tesla	Roadster	is	built	with	an	internally-designed	carbon	fiber	body	which	provides	a	balance	of	strength	and	mass.	Model	S	is	built	with	a
lightweight	aluminum	body	and	chassis	which	incorporates	a	variety	of	materials	and	production	methods	that	help	optimize	the	weight	of	the	vehicle.
	
10Table	of	Contents
Sales	and	Marketing
Company-Owned	Stores	and	Galleries
We	market	and	sell	cars	directly	to	consumers	through	an	international	network	of	company-owned	stores	and	galleries.	Our	Tesla	stores	and
galleries	are	highly	visible,	premium	outlets	in	major	metropolitan	markets,	some	of	which	combine	retail	sales	and	service.	We	have	also	found	that
opening	a	service	center	in	a	new	geographic	area	can	increase	demand.	As	a	result,	we	have	complemented	our	store	strategy	with	sales	facilities	and
personnel	in	service	centers	to	more	rapidly	expand	our	retail	footprint.	We	refer	to	these	as	​Service	Plus​	locations.	Including	our	Service	Plus
locations,	we	now	operate	a	network	of	over	80	sales	and	gallery	locations	in	North	America,	Europe	and	Asia.	Including	all	of	our	sales	and	service
facilities,	we	currently	operate	116	locations.	We	intend	to	grow	our	sales	and	service	network	by	approximately	75%	during	the	year	ending
December	31,	2014.
We	believe	that	by	owning	our	own	sales	and	service	network	we	can	offer	a	compelling	customer	experience	while	achieving	operating
efficiencies	and	capturing	sales	and	service	revenues	incumbent	automobile	manufacturers	do	not	enjoy	in	the	traditional	franchised	distribution	and
service	model.	Our	customers	deal	directly	with	our	own	Tesla-employed	sales	and	service	staff,	creating	what	we	believe	is	a	differentiated	buying
experience	from	the	buying	experience	consumers	have	with	franchised	automobile	dealers	and	service	centers.	We	believe	we	will	also	be	able	to
better	control	costs	of	inventory,	manage	warranty	service	and	pricing,	maintain	and	strengthen	the	Tesla	brand,	and	obtain	rapid	customer	feedback.
Further,	we	believe	that	by	owning	our	sales	network	we	will	avoid	the	conflict	of	interest	in	the	traditional	dealership	structure	inherent	to	most
incumbent	automobile	manufacturers	where	the	sale	of	warranty	parts	and	repairs	by	a	dealer	are	a	key	source	of	revenue	and	profit	for	the	dealer	but
often	are	an	expense	for	the	vehicle	manufacturer.
Tesla	Supercharger	Network
We	are	building	a	network	of	up	to	120	kWh	fast	charging	equipment,	each	called	a	Tesla	Supercharger,	throughout	North	America	and	Europe
for	fast	charging	of	Model	S.	The	Tesla	Supercharger	is	an	industrial	grade,	high	speed	charger	designed	to	replenish	50%	of	the	battery	pack	in	as
little	as	20	minutes.	Supercharger	stations	are	strategically	placed	along	well-travelled	highways	to	allow	Model	S	owners	to	enjoy	long	distance	travel
with	convenient,	minimal	stops.	As	of	February	19,	2014,	we	have	90	Supercharger	stations	open	in	North	America	and	Europe.	In	the	United	States,
we	have	implemented	Superchargers	across	a	major	transcontinental	route,	as	well	as	along	key	routes	in	the	East	and	West	Coasts.	In	Europe,
Superchargers	enable	long	distance	travel	along	key	routes	in	Norway,	the	Netherlands,	Germany,	Switzerland	and	Austria.	Access	to	the	Supercharger
network	is	currently	available	free	of	charge	to	owners	of	Model	S	vehicles	with	the	85	kWh	battery	pack	options	and	when	purchased	as	an	upfront
option	for	60	kWh.	We	are	planning	to	methodically	expand	the	Supercharger	network	over	the	next	few	years	in	the	United	States,	Europe	and	Asia.
Deposits	and	Reservations
We	typically	carry	a	limited	inventory	of	our	Model	S	vehicles	at	our	Tesla	stores.	While	some	customers	may	purchase	their	vehicles	from	this
inventory,	most	of	our	customers	choose	to	customize	the	appearance	of	their	vehicle.	We	require	a	refundable	$2,500	deposit	for	these	orders	of	our
Model	S	vehicles,	which	is	collected	once	the	customer	has	selected	the	vehicle	specifications	and	has	entered	into	a	purchase	agreement.	The
refundable	deposit	becomes	nonrefundable	after	two	weeks.	We	require	full	payment	of	the	purchase	price	of	the	vehicle	only	upon	delivery	of	the
vehicle	to	the	customer.
For	Model	X,	which	is	currently	not	in	production,	we	require	an	initial	refundable	reservation	payment	of	at	least	$5,000.	Reservation	payments
and	deposits	are	used	by	us	to	fund,	in	part,	our	working	capital	requirements	and	help	us	to	align	production	with	demand.
	
11Table	of	Contents
Marketing
Our	principal	marketing	goals	are	to:
	
	
	
generate	demand	for	our	vehicles	and	drive	leads	to	our	sales	teams;
	
	
	
build	long-term	brand	awareness	and	manage	corporate	reputation;
	
	
	
manage	our	existing	customer	base	to	create	loyalty	and	customer	referrals;	and
	
	
	
enable	customer	input	into	the	product	development	process.
Historically,	we	have	been	able	to	generate	significant	media	coverage	of	our	company	and	our	vehicles,	and	we	believe	we	will	continue	to	do	so.
To	date,	media	coverage	and	word	of	mouth	have	been	the	primary	drivers	of	our	sales	leads	and	have	helped	us	achieve	sales	without	traditional
advertising	and	at	relatively	low	marketing	costs.	We	also	use	traditional	means	of	advertising	including	product	placement	in	a	variety	of	media	outlets
and	pay-per-click	advertisements	on	websites	and	applications	relevant	to	our	target	demographics.
Our	marketing	efforts	include	events	where	our	vehicles	are	displayed	and	demonstrated.	These	events	range	from	widely	attended	public	events,
such	as	the	Detroit,	Los	Angeles,	and	Frankfurt	auto	shows,	to	smaller	events	oriented	towards	sales,	such	as	private	drive	events.
Service	and	Warranty
Service
We	provide	service	for	our	electric	vehicles	at	our	company-owned	service	centers,	at	our	Service	Plus	locations	or,	in	certain	areas	for	an
additional	charge,	through	Tesla	Ranger	mobile	technicians	who	provide	services	that	do	not	require	a	vehicle	lift.	We	own	and	operate	over	70	service
locations	as	of	February	19,	2014.	We	are	continuing	our	plan	to	build	a	number	of	additional	service	centers	in	several	markets	worldwide.
Tesla	Roadster	owners	can	upload	data	from	their	vehicle	and	send	it	to	us	on	a	memory	card	and	Model	S	is	designed	with	the	capability	to
wirelessly	upload	the	data	to	us	via	an	on-board	GSM	system,	allowing	us	to	diagnose	and	remedy	many	problems	before	ever	looking	at	the	vehicle.
When	maintenance	or	service	is	required,	a	customer	can	schedule	service	by	contacting	one	of	our	Tesla	service	centers.	Our	Tesla	Rangers	can	also
perform	an	array	of	services	that	do	not	require	a	vehicle	lift	from	the	convenience	of	a	customer​s	home	or	other	remote	location.
We	believe	that	our	company-owned	service	centers	enable	our	technicians	to	work	closely	with	our	engineers	and	research	and	development
teams	in	Silicon	Valley	to	identify	problems,	find	solutions,	and	incorporate	improvements	faster	than	incumbent	automobile	manufacturers.
New	Vehicle	Limited	Warranty,	Maintenance	and	Extended	Service	Plans
For	our	Model	S	customers,	we	provide	a	four	year	or	50,000	mile	New	Vehicle	Limited	Warranty	with	every	Model	S,	subject	to	separate	limited
warranties	for	the	supplemental	restraint	system	and	battery.	The	New	Vehicle	Limited	Warranty	also	covers	the	battery	for	a	period	of	eight	years	or
125,000	miles	or	unlimited	miles,	depending	on	the	size	of	the	vehicle​s	battery,	although	the	battery​s	charging	capacity	is	not	covered.
In	addition	to	the	New	Vehicle	Limited	Warranty,	we	offer	a	comprehensive	maintenance	program	for	Model	S,	which	includes	plans	covering
maintenance	for	up	to	eight	years	or	up	to	100,000	miles	and	an	Extended	Service	Plan.	The	maintenance	plans	cover	annual	inspections,	24	hour
roadside	assistance	and	the	replacement	of	wear	and	tear	parts,	excluding	tires	and	the	battery,	with	either	a	fixed	fee	per	visit	for	Tesla	Ranger	service
or	unlimited	Tesla	Ranger	visits	for	a	higher	initial	purchase	price.	The	Extended	Service	Plan
	
12Table	of	Contents
covers	the	repair	or	replacement	of	Model	S	parts	for	an	additional	four	years	or	up	to	an	additional	50,000	miles	after	the	New	Vehicle	Limited
Warranty.
For	our	Roadster	customers,	we	provided	a	three	year	or	36,000	mile	New	Vehicle	Limited	Warranty	with	every	Tesla	Roadster,	which	we
extended	to	four	years	or	50,000	miles	for	the	purchasers	of	our	2008	Tesla	Roadster.	Customers	have	the	opportunity	to	purchase	an	Extended	Service
Plan	for	the	period	after	the	end	of	the	New	Vehicle	Limited	Warranty	to	cover	the	repair	or	replacement	of	Roadster	parts	for	up	to	an	additional	three
years	or	36,000	miles,	provided	they	are	purchased	within	a	specified	period	of	time.	We	have	previously	provided	our	Tesla	Roadster	customers	with	a
battery	replacement	option	to	replace	the	battery	in	their	vehicles	at	any	time	after	the	expiration	of	the	New	Vehicle	Limited	Warranty	but	before	the
tenth	anniversary	of	the	purchase	date	of	their	vehicles.
Our	New	Vehicle	Limited	Warranties	and	Extended	Service	plans	are	subject	to	certain	limitations,	exclusions	or	separate	warranties,	including
certain	wear	items,	such	as	tires,	brake	pads,	paint	and	general	appearance,	and	battery	performance,	and	are	intended	to	cover	parts	and	labor	to
repair	defects	in	material	or	workmanship	in	the	body,	chassis,	suspension,	interior,	electronic	systems,	battery,	powertrain	and	brake	system.	In
addition,	all	plans	must	be	purchased	within	a	specified	period	of	time	after	vehicle	purchase.
Financial	Services
We	offer	financial	products	through	various	financial	institutions	in	the	United	States,	Europe	and	Asia.	In	the	United	States	and	Canada,	we	offer
customer	loans	through	specified	commercial	banking	partners.	In	connection	with	certain	of	these	loans,	we	offer	a	resale	value	guarantee	to	all
customers	who	purchased	a	Model	S	and	financed	their	vehicle.	Under	the	program,	Model	S	customers	have	the	option	of	selling	their	vehicle	back	to
us	during	the	period	of	36	to	39	months	following	delivery	for	a	pre-determined	resale	value.	This	structure	allows	the	customer	to	enjoy	the	benefits	of
Model	S	ownership	without	concern	for	its	resale	value.
Manufacturing
We	conduct	our	powertrain	and	vehicle	manufacturing	and	assembly	operations	at	the	Tesla	Factory,	our	integrated	manufacturing	facility	in
Fremont,	California,	and	at	our	facility	in	Tilburg,	Netherlands.
We	manufacture	Model	S	and	certain	components	that	are	critical	to	our	intellectual	property	and	quality	standards	for	Model	S	at	the	Tesla
Factory.	The	Tesla	Factory	contains	several	manufacturing	operations,	including	stamping,	machining,	casting,	plastics,	body	assembly,	paint
operations,	final	vehicle	assembly	and	end-of-line	testing.	In	addition,	we	manufacture	lithium-ion	battery	packs,	electric	motors,	gearboxes	and
components	both	for	our	vehicles	and	for	our	original	equipment	manufacturer	customers	at	the	Tesla	Factory.	Several	major	component	systems	of	our
vehicles	are	purchased	from	suppliers;	however	we	have	a	high	level	of	vertical	integration	in	our	manufacturing	processes	at	the	Tesla	Factory.	We
also	intend	to	produce	the	Model	X	and	our	Gen	III	vehicle	at	the	Tesla	Factory.
We	continue	to	ramp	production	at	the	Tesla	Factory	and	believe	that	we	will	be	able	to	continue	to	increase	its	production	capacity	through
additional	capital	spending	as	well	as	by	changing	operating	patterns	and	adding	additional	shifts.	In	2014,	we	intend	to	create	new	assembly	and	body
shop	lines	which	we	have	designed	to	manufacture	both	Model	S	and	Model	X.
For	our	vehicles	delivered	into	the	European	Union,	we	conduct	significant	vehicle	assembly	and	testing	at	our	facilities	in	Tilburg,	Netherlands.
This	facility	also	serves	as	a	pan	European	parts	warehouse	and	regional	customer	service	center.
We	have	recently	indicated	our	intention	to	build	the	Tesla	Gigafactory,	a	facility	where	we	intend	to	work	together	with	our	suppliers	to	integrate
battery	precursor	material,	cell,	module	and	battery	pack	production	in
	
13Table	of	Contents
one	location.	While	we	have	not	identified	a	final	site	for	this	facility,	we	currently	expect	that	it	will	be	located	in	one	of	the	following	states:	Arizona,
Nevada,	New	Mexico	or	Texas.	We	currently	expect	the	facility	to	be	built	on	a	lot	between	500	and	1,000	acres	in	size,	with	up	to	approximately	10
million	square	feet	of	production	space	with	one	or	two	levels.	At	full	implementation,	the	Tesla	Gigafactory	is	expected	to	have	6,500	dedicated	Tesla
and	production	partner	employees.	We	currently	plan	to	commence	supplying	battery	packs	manufactured	at	the	Tesla	Gigafactory	for	our	vehicles,
including	the	Gen	III	vehicle,	and	stationary	storage	applications,	in	approximately	three	years.	The	Tesla	Gigafactory	is	currently	expected	to	attain	full
production	capacity	in	2020,	which	is	anticipated	to	be	sufficient	for	the	production	of	approximately	500,000	vehicles	annually	and	stationary	storage
applications.
We	believe	that	the	Tesla	Gigafactory	will	allow	us	to	achieve	a	major	reduction	in	the	cost	of	our	battery	packs	of	greater	than	30%	on	a	per	kWh
basis	by	the	end	of	the	first	year	of	volume	production	of	Gen	III.	The	total	capital	expenditures	associated	with	the	Tesla	Gigafactory	through	2020	are
expected	to	be	$4-5	billion,	of	which	approximately	$2	billion	is	expected	to	come	from	Tesla.
Supply	Chain
Model	S	uses	over	2,000	purchased	parts	which	we	source	globally	from	over	300	suppliers,	the	majority	of	whom	are	currently	our	single	source
suppliers	for	these	components.	We	have	developed	close	relationships	with	several	key	suppliers	particularly	in	the	procurement	of	cells	and	certain
other	key	system	parts.	While	we	obtain	components	from	multiple	sources	whenever	possible,	similar	to	other	automobile	manufacturers,	many	of	the
components	used	in	our	vehicles	are	purchased	by	us	from	a	single	source.
To	date,	we	have	not	qualified	alternative	sources	for	most	of	the	single	sourced	components	used	in	our	vehicles	and	we	generally	do	not
maintain	long-term	agreements	with	our	suppliers.	While	we	believe	that	we	may	be	able	to	establish	alternate	supply	relationships	and	can	obtain	or
engineer	replacement	components	for	our	single	source	components,	we	may	be	unable	to	do	so	in	the	short	term	or	at	all	at	prices	or	costs	that	are
favorable	to	us.	For	example,	while	several	sources	of	the	battery	cell	we	have	selected	for	our	battery	packs	are	available,	we	have	fully	qualified	only
two	cells	from	one	supplier	for	these	cells.	Any	disruption	in	the	supply	of	either	battery	cells	could	temporarily	disrupt	production	of	the	vehicles	until
such	time	as	a	different	cell	is	fully	qualified	and	there	can	be	no	assurance	that	we	would	be	able	to	successfully	retain	alternative	sources	of	supply	on
a	timely	basis.	Moreover,	battery	cell	manufacturers	may	not	supply	us	at	reasonable	prices	or	on	reasonable	terms	or	may	choose	to	refuse	to	supply
electric	vehicle	manufacturers	to	the	extent	they	determine	that	the	vehicles	are	not	sufficiently	safe.
We	use	various	raw	materials	in	our	business	including	aluminum,	steel,	nickel	and	copper.	The	prices	for	these	raw	materials	fluctuate
depending	on	market	conditions	and	global	demand	for	these	materials.	We	believe	that	we	have	adequate	supplies	or	sources	of	availability	of	the	raw
materials	necessary	to	meet	our	manufacturing	and	supply	requirements.	There	are	always	risks	and	uncertainties,	however,	with	respect	to	the	supply
of	raw	materials	that	could	impact	their	availability	in	sufficient	quantities	or	reasonable	prices	to	meet	our	needs.
Quality	Control
Our	quality	control	efforts	are	divided	between	product	quality	and	supplier	quality,	both	of	which	are	focused	on	designing	and	producing
products	and	processes	with	high	levels	of	reliability.	Our	product	quality	engineers	work	with	our	engineering	team	and	our	suppliers	to	help	ensure
that	the	product	designs	meet	functional	specifications	and	durability	requirements.	Our	supplier	quality	engineers	work	with	our	suppliers	to	ensure
that	their	processes	and	systems	are	capable	of	delivering	the	parts	we	need	at	the	required	quality	level,	on	time,	and	on	budget.
	
14Table	of	Contents
Customers	and	Selected	Relationships
We	currently	sell	our	cars	primarily	to	individual	customers.	We	have	strategic	or	commercial	relationships	with	Daimler,	Toyota,	and	Panasonic.
Daimler	AG
Beginning	in	2008,	we	commenced	efforts	on	a	powertrain	development	arrangement	with	Daimler.	In	May	2009,	we	entered	into	a	development
agreement	with	Daimler	under	which	we	have	performed	specified	research	and	development	services	for	the	development	of	a	battery	pack	and
charger	for	Daimler​s	Smart	fortwo	electric	drive.	All	development	work	related	to	the	development	agreement	had	been	completed	as	of	December	31,
2009.	Through	December	2011,	we	had	sold	over	2,100	battery	packs	and	chargers	for	the	Smart	fortwo	electric	drive	program.	In	the	first	quarter	of
2010,	Daimler	engaged	us	to	assist	with	the	development	and	production	of	a	battery	pack	and	charger	for	a	pilot	fleet	of	its	A-Class	electric	vehicles	to
be	introduced	in	Europe	during	2011.	A	formal	agreement	for	this	arrangement	was	entered	into	with	Daimler	in	May	2010.	In	October	2010,	we
completed	the	development	of	the	A-Class	battery	pack	and	charger	and	began	shipping	production	parts	in	February	2011.	Through	December	2011,
we	sold	over	500	battery	packs	and	chargers	for	the	A-Class	EV	program.	In	the	first	quarter	of	2010,	we	completed	the	development	and	sale	of
modular	battery	packs	for	electric	delivery	vans	for	Freightliner,	an	affiliate	of	Daimler.	Freightliner	plans	to	use	these	electric	vans	in	a	limited	number
of	customer	trials.
In	the	first	half	of	2012,	we	received	two	purchase	orders	from	Daimler	related	to	the	development	of	a	full	electric	powertrain	for	the	B-Class
Mercedes-Benz	vehicle.	During	the	fourth	quarter	of	2012,	we	entered	into	a	final	development	agreement	for	the	B-Class,	which	includes	certain
development	milestones	and	related	payments.	We	entered	into	an	agreement	for	production	parts	for	this	B-Class	program	in	July	2013.	We	currently
expect	to	substantially	complete	our	development	services	under	this	program	in	early	2014	and	to	commence	production	of	electric	powertrains	and
battery	packs	to	Daimler	shortly	thereafter.
In	addition	to	these	agreements,	Blackstar	lnvestco	LLC	(Blackstar),	an	affiliate	of	Daimler,	beneficially	owned	4,867,929	shares	of	our	common
stock	as	of	December	31,	2013.
Toyota	Motor	Corporation
In	May	2010,	we	and	Toyota	announced	our	intention	to	cooperate	on	the	development	of	electric	vehicles,	and	for	us	to	receive	Toyota​s	support
with	sourcing	parts	and	production	and	engineering	expertise	for	Model	S.	In	July	2010,	we	entered	into	an	early	phase	agreement	to	develop	an
electric	powertrain	for	the	Toyota	RAV4.	With	an	aim	by	Toyota	to	market	the	electric	vehicle	in	the	United	States	in	2012,	prototypes	would	be	made
by	combining	the	Toyota	RAV4	model	with	a	Tesla	electric	powertrain.	We	began	developing	and	delivering	prototypes	to	Toyota	for	evaluation	in
September	2010.
In	October	2010,	we	entered	into	a	contract	services	agreement	with	Toyota	for	the	development	of	a	validated	powertrain	system,	including	a
battery,	power	electronics	module,	motor,	gearbox	and	associated	software,	which	will	be	integrated	into	an	electric	vehicle	version	of	the	Toyota	RAV4.
We	completed	all	of	the	development	services	for	the	RAV4	EV	in	the	first	quarter	of	2012.
Additionally,	in	July	2011,	we	entered	into	an	agreement	to	supply	Toyota	with	electric	powertrain	system	for	the	RAV4	EV.	We	began	delivery	of
these	systems	to	Toyota	for	installation	into	the	Toyota	RAV4	EV	in	the	first	half	of	2012.	Our	production	activities	under	this	program	are	expected	to
continue	through	2014.	We	expect	to	complete	shipping	electric	powertrains	for	the	current	RAV4	model	by	the	end	of	this	year.
In	addition	to	these	agreements,	in	July	2010,	we	sold	2,941,176	shares	of	our	common	stock	to	Toyota	at	our	IPO	price	of	$17.00	per	share.
	
15Table	of	Contents
Panasonic
Panasonic	is	a	supplier	of	battery	cells	for	our	battery	packs.	In	January	2010,	we	announced	that	we	were	collaborating	with	Panasonic	on	the
development	of	next-generation	electric	vehicle	cells	based	on	the	18650	form	factor	and	nickel-based	lithium	ion	chemistry.	In	October	2011,	we
finalized	a	supply	agreement	for	these	battery	cells.	The	agreement	supplies	us	with	battery	cells	to	build	more	than	80,000	vehicles	over	the	next	four
years.	In	October	2013,	we	entered	into	an	amendment	to	the	supply	agreement	to,	among	other	things,	provide	for	the	long-term	preferential	prices
and	a	minimum	of	1.8	billion	lithium-ion	battery	cells	that	we	intend	to	purchase	from	Panasonic	from	2014	through	2017.
In	November	2010,	we	sold	1,418,573	shares	of	our	common	stock	to	an	entity	affiliated	with	Panasonic	Corporation	at	a	price	of	$21.15	per
share.
Governmental	Programs,	Incentives	and	Regulations
Full	Repayment	of	United	States	Department	of	Energy	Loans
In	May	2013,	we	paid	$451.8	million	to	settle	all	outstanding	loan	amounts	due	under	a	loan	facility	we	had	entered	into	with	the	Federal
Financing	Bank	(FFB)	and	the	United	States	Department	of	Energy	(DOE),	under	the	DOE​s	Advanced	Technology	Vehicles	Manufacturing	Loan
Program,	as	set	forth	in	Section	136	of	the	Energy	Independence	and	Security	Act	of	2007	(ATVM	Program).	We	refer	to	the	loan	facility	with	the	DOE
as	the	DOE	Loan	Facility.
Under	the	DOE	Loan	Facility,	the	FFB	had	made	available	to	us	two	multi-draw	term	loan	facilities	in	an	aggregate	principal	amount	of	$465.0
million	beginning	on	January	20,	2010.	As	of	August	31,	2012,	we	had	fully	drawn	down	the	aforementioned	facilities.	On	May	22,	2013,	we	paid	$451.8
million	to	fully	retire	our	obligations	under	the	DOE	Loan	Facility.
In	connection	with	the	closing	of	the	DOE	Loan	Facility,	we	had	also	issued	a	warrant	to	the	DOE	to	purchase	up	to	9,255,035	shares	of	our	Series
E	convertible	preferred	stock	at	an	exercise	price	of	$2.51	per	share.	Upon	the	completion	of	our	initial	public	offering	on	July	2,	2010,	this	preferred
stock	warrant	became	a	warrant	to	purchase	up	to	3,090,111	shares	of	common	stock	at	an	exercise	price	of	$7.54	per	share.	As	a	result	of	our
repayment	of	all	outstanding	principal	and	interest	under	the	DOE	Loan	Facility	and	the	termination	of	the	DOE	Loan	Facility	in	May	2013,	the	DOE
warrant	expired.	Additionally,	we	amortized	all	remaining	unamortized	debt	issuance	costs	related	to	the	DOE	Loan	Facility.
California	Alternative	Energy	and	Advanced	Transportation	Financing	Authority	Tax	Incentives
In	December	2009,	we	finalized	an	arrangement	with	the	California	Alternative	Energy	and	Advanced	Transportation	Financing	Authority
(CAEATFA)	that	resulted	in	an	exemption	from	California	state	sales	and	use	taxes	for	$320	million	of	manufacturing	equipment.	As	the	equipment
purchased	would	otherwise	have	been	subject	to	California	state	sales	and	use	tax,	we	believe	this	incentive	resulted	in	tax	savings	by	us	of
approximately	$31	million	over	the	period	starting	in	December	2009	and	ending	in	December	2013.	The	equipment	purchases	were	used	only	for	three
purposes:	(i)	to	establish	our	production	facility	for	Model	S	in	California,	(ii)	to	upgrade	our	Palo	Alto	powertrain	production	facility,	and	(iii)	to	expand
our	current	Tesla	Roadster	assembly	operations	at	our	Menlo	Park	facility.	In	January	2012,	we	finalized	an	additional	agreement	with	CAEATFA	that
will	result	in	an	exclusion	from	California	state	sales	and	use	taxes	for	up	to	$292	million	of	manufacturing	equipment.	To	the	extent	all	of	this
equipment	is	purchased	and	would	otherwise	be	subject	to	California	state	sales	or	use	tax,	we	believe	this	incentive	would	result	in	tax	savings	by	us	of
up	to	approximately	$24	million	over	the	period	starting	in	December	2011	and	ending	in	December	2015.	The	equipment	purchases	may	be	used	only
for	two	purposes:	(i)	to	develop	Model	X	and	its	production	capacity	in	California	and,	(ii)	to	further	upgrade	our	powertrain	production	facilities	in
California.	In	December	2013,	we	exhausted	all	funds	from	the	December	2009	approved	exemption	from	California	state	sales	and	use	taxes	for
	
16Table	of	Contents
$320	million	of	manufacturing	equipment.	Also	in	December	2013,	we	finalized	an	additional	agreement	with	CAEATFA	that	will	result	in	an	exclusion
from	California	state	sales	and	use	taxes	for	up	to	$415	million	of	manufacturing	equipment.	To	the	extent	all	of	this	equipment	is	purchased	and	would
otherwise	be	subject	to	California	state	sales	or	use	tax,	we	believe	this	incentive	would	result	in	tax	savings	by	us	of	up	to	approximately	$35	million
over	the	period	starting	in	December	2013	and	ending	in	December	2016.	The	equipment	purchases	may	be	used	only	for	three	purposes:	(i)	to	expand
Model	S	manufacturing	capacity	in	California,	(ii)	to	expand	electric	vehicle	powertrain	production	in	California,	and	(iii)	Model	S	future	electric	vehicle
development.
Regulatory	Credits
In	connection	with	the	production,	delivery	and	placement	into	service	of	our	zero	emission	vehicles	in	global	markets,	we	have	earned	and	will
continue	to	earn	various	tradable	regulatory	credits	that	can	be	sold	to	other	manufacturers.
Under	California​s	Zero-Emission	Vehicle	Regulations	and	those	of	states	that	have	adopted	the	California	standards,	vehicle	manufacturers	are
required	to	ensure	that	a	portion	of	the	vehicles	delivered	for	sale	in	those	states	during	each	model	year	are	zero	emission	vehicles	and	partial	zero
emission	vehicles.	Currently,	the	states	of	Arizona,	California,	Connecticut,	Maine,	Maryland,	Massachusetts,	New	Jersey,	New	Mexico,	New	York,
Oregon,	Rhode	Island	and	Vermont	have	such	laws	in	effect.	These	laws	provide	that	a	manufacturer	of	may	earn	credits,	referred	to	as	ZEV	credits,	if
they	produce	more	zero	emission	vehicles	than	the	minimum	quantity	required	by	those	laws.	Those	manufacturers	with	a	surplus	of	credits	may	sell
those	excess	credits	to	other	manufacturers	who	can	then	apply	such	credits	to	comply	with	the	regulatory	requirements,	including	making	up	for
deficits.	As	a	manufacturer	of	solely	of	zero	emission	vehicles,	we	have	no	minimum	requirement,	and	as	a	result,	we	earn	ZEV	credits	on	each	vehicle
delivered	and	placed	into	service	in	such	states.	We	have	entered	into	agreements	with	other	automobile	manufacturers	to	sell	the	ZEV	credits	that	we
earn.	Recently,	California	passed	amendments	to	the	ZEV	mandate	that	would	require	all	large	volume	manufacturers	(those	manufacturers	selling
20,000	or	more	vehicles	in	California	in	2018)	to	increase	the	number	of	zero	emission	vehicles	sold	starting	in	2018.	Under	the	new	requirements,	by
2025	up	to	15.4%	of	each	large	volume	manufacturers​	fleet	must	be	made	of	zero	emission	vehicles.	All	states	that	have	adopted	the	California	program
will	amend	their	programs	to	conform	to	the	new	California	standards.
Additionally,	under	the	Environmental	Protection	Agency​s	(EPA)	national	greenhouse	gas	(GHG)	emission	standards	and	similar	standards
adopted	by	the	Canadian	government,	vehicle	manufacturers	are	required	to	meet	fleet-wide	average	carbon	dioxide	emissions	standards	for	cars	and
trucks.	Those	manufacturers	whose	fleet	wide	average	fails	to	meet	such	standards	have	a	deficit	in	their	emission	profile.	Those	manufacturers	whose
fleet	wide	average	performs	better	than	such	standards	may	earn	credits.	Manufacturers	may	sell	excess	credits	to	other	manufacturers	who	can	apply
such	credits	to	comply	with	these	regulatory	requirements.	As	a	manufacturer	solely	of	zero	emission	vehicles,	we	earn	the	full	amount	of	GHG	credits
established	by	the	standards	on	each	vehicle	sold.	We	have	entered	into	agreements	with	another	automobile	manufacturer	to	sell	the	credits	that	we
earn.
Under	the	National	Highway	Traffic	Safety	Administration​s	(NHTSA)	Corporate	Average	Fuel	Economy	(CAFE)	standards,	vehicle	manufacturers
are	required	to	meet	fleet-wide	average	fuel	economy	standards	for	cars	and	trucks.	Those	manufacturers	whose	fleet-wide	average	fails	to	meet	such
standards	have	a	deficit	in	their	fuel	economy	profile.	Those	manufacturers	whose	fleet-wide	average	performs	better	than	such	standards	may	earn
credits.	Manufacturers	may	sell	excess	credits	to	other	manufacturers	who	can	apply	such	credits	to	comply	with	these	regulatory	requirements.	We
have	entered	into	agreements	to	sell	the	credits	that	we	earn.
We	have	entered	into	contracts	for	the	sale	of	regulatory	credits	with	several	automotive	manufacturers.	For	the	years	ended	December	31,	2013,
2012,	and	2011,	we	earned	revenue	from	the	sale	of	regulatory	credits	of	$194.4	million,	$40.5	million,	and	$2.7	million,	respectively.	We	earned
revenue	from	the	sale	of	ZEV	credits	specifically	over	the	same	time	periods	of	$129.8	million,	$32.4	million,	and	$2.7	million.
	
17Table	of	Contents
Regulation​Vehicle	Safety	and	Testing
Our	vehicles	are	subject	to,	and	the	Tesla	Roadster	complies	with,	or	is	exempt	from,	numerous	regulatory	requirements	established	by	the
National	Highway	Traffic	Safety	Administration	(NHTSA),	including	all	applicable	United	States	federal	motor	vehicle	safety	standards	(FMVSS).	The
Model	S	fully	complies	with	all	FMVSSs	without	the	need	for	any	exemptions.	As	a	manufacturer,	we	must	self-certify	that	a	vehicle	meets	or	otherwise
obtain	an	exemption	from	all	applicable	FMVSSs,	as	well	as	the	NHTSA	bumper	standard,	before	the	vehicle	can	be	imported	into	or	sold	in	the	United
States.	There	are	numerous	FMVSSs	that	apply	to	our	vehicles.	Examples	of	these	requirements	include:
	
	
	
Crash-worthiness	requirements
​including	applicable	and	appropriate	level	of	vehicle	structure	and	occupant	protection	in	frontal,	side	and
interior	impacts	including	through	use	of	equipment	such	as	seat	belts	and	airbags	which	must	satisfy	applicable	requirements;
	
	
	
Crash	avoidance	requirements
​including	appropriate	steering,	braking	and	equipment	requirements,	such	as,	headlamps,	tail	lamps,	and
other	required	lamps,	all	of	which	must	conform	to	various	photometric	and	performance	requirements;
	
	
	
Electric	vehicle	requirements
​limitations	on	electrolyte	spillage,	battery	retention,	and	avoidance	of	electric	shock	following	specified	crash
tests;
	
	
	
Windshield	defrosting	and	defogging
​defined	zones	of	the	windshield	must	be	cleared	within	a	specified	timeframe;	and
	
	
	
Rearview	mirror	requirements
​rearward	areas	that	must	be	visible	to	the	driver	via	the	mirrors.
Due	to	the	limited	number	of	Roadsters	originally	produced,	we	applied	for,	and	were	granted,	exemptions	from	certain	advanced	air	bag	and
electronic	stability	control	requirements,	which	applied	to	Tesla	Roadsters	manufactured	through	November	7,	2011.	For	Model	S,	we	have	certified	the
vehicle	as	compliant	with	all	U.S.	safety	standards	without	exemptions.	Under	U.S.	law,	we	are	required	to	certify	compliance	with,	or	obtain	exemption
from	all	applicable	federal	motor	vehicle	safety	standards	and	we	have	done	so	with	respect	to	each	vehicle	we	have	offered	for	sale	in	the	United
States.	Based	on	testing,	engineering	analysis,	and	other	information,	we	have	certified	that	the	Tesla	Roadster	complies	with,	or	is	exempt	from	all
applicable	NHTSA	standards	in	effect	at	the	time	of	manufacture	by	affixing	a	certification	label	to	each	Tesla	Roadster	sold.	Based	on	testing,
engineering	analysis	and	other	information	we	have	certified	the	Model	S	as	complying	with	all	applicable	NHTSA	standards	in	effect	at	the	time	of
manufacture	by	affixing	a	certification	label	to	each	Model	S	sold.
We	are	also	required	to	comply	with	other	requirements	of	federal	laws	administered	by	NHTSA,	including	the	Corporate	Average	Fuel	Economy
standards,	Theft	Prevention	Act	requirements,	consumer	information	labeling	requirements,	early	warning	reporting	requirements	regarding	warranty
claims,	field	reports,	death	and	injury	reports	and	foreign	recalls,	and	owner​s	manual	requirements.
Our	vehicles	sold	in	Europe	are	subject	to	European	Union	safety	testing	regulations.	Many	of	those	regulations,	referred	to	as	European	Union
Whole	Vehicle	Type	Approval	(WVTA),	are	different	from	the	federal	motor	vehicle	safety	standards	applicable	in	the	United	States	and	may	require
redesign	and/or	retesting.	For	Model	S,	we	successfully	completed	full	EU	WVTA	homologation	and	received	approval	last	year	by	the	RDW,	the	Dutch
type	approval	authority.	Due	to	reciprocity	agreements	in	place	throughout	the	European	Union,	RDW​s	type	approval	is	valid	in	the	entire	EU.	We	have
also	sought	and	received	type	approval	for	non-EU	European	countries,	including	Switzerland,	Iceland,	and	Norway.	We	also	plan	to	introduce	Model	S
vehicles	in	other	markets	such	as	China,	Japan,	and	Australia.	We	successfully	demonstrated	and	received	type	approval	for	delivery	of	85kWh	equipped
Model	S	vehicles	to	China.	Plans	are	currently	underway	to	obtain	type	approval	for	the	60kWh	equipped	Model	S	vehicle	in	China	and	both	battery
pack	variants	for	markets	in	Japan	and	Australia,	including	a	forthcoming	right-hand	drive	version.
	
18Table	of	Contents
The	Automobile	Information	and	Disclosure	Act	requires	manufacturers	of	motor	vehicles	to	disclose	certain	information	regarding	the
manufacturer​s	suggested	retail	price,	optional	equipment	and	pricing.	In	addition,	the	Act	allows	inclusion	of	city	and	highway	fuel	economy	ratings,	as
determined	by	EPA,	as	well	as	crash	test	ratings	as	determined	by	NHTSA	if	such	tests	are	conducted.
Regulation​EPA	Emissions	&	Certificate	of	Conformity
The	Clean	Air	Act	requires	that	we	obtain	a	Certificate	of	Conformity	issued	by	the	EPA	and	a	California	Executive	Order	issued	by	the	California
Air	Resources	Board	(CARB)	with	respect	to	emissions	for	our	vehicles,	including	Model	S.	The	Certificate	of	Conformity	is	required	for	vehicles	sold	in
states	covered	by	the	Clean	Air	Act​s	standards	and	both	the	Certificate	of	Conformity	and	the	Executive	Order	is	required	for	vehicles	sold	in	states	that
have	sought	and	received	a	waiver	from	the	EPA	to	utilize	California	standards.	The	California	standards	for	emissions	control	for	certain	regulated
pollutants	for	new	vehicles	and	engines	sold	in	California	are	set	by	CARB.	States	that	have	adopted	the	California	standards	as	approved	by	EPA	also
recognize	the	Executive	Order	for	sales	of	vehicles.
Regulation​Battery	Safety	and	Testing
Our	battery	pack	conforms	with	mandatory	regulations	that	govern	transport	of	​dangerous	goods​	that	may	present	a	risk	in	transportation,	which
includes	lithium-ion	batteries.	The	governing	regulations,	which	are	issued	by	the	Pipeline	and	Hazardous	Materials	Safety	Administration	(PHMSA)	are
based	on	the	UN	Recommendations	on	the	Safe	Transport	of	Dangerous	Goods	Model	Regulations,	and	related	UN	Manual	Tests	and	Criteria.	The
regulations	vary	by	mode	of	transportation	when	these	items	are	shipped	such	as	by	ocean	vessel,	rail,	truck,	or	by	air.
We	have	completed	the	applicable	transportation	tests	for	our	prototype	and	production	battery	packs	demonstrating	our	compliance	with	the	UN
Manual	of	Tests	and	Criteria,	including:
	
	
	
Altitude	simulation
​simulating	air	transport;
	
	
	
Thermal	cycling
​assessing	cell	and	battery	seal	integrity;
	
	
	
Vibration
​simulating	vibration	during	transport;
	
	
	
Shock
​simulating	possible	impacts	during	transport;	and
	
	
	
External	short	circuit
​simulating	an	external	short	circuit.
We	also	subject	our	battery	packs	to	the	appropriate	tests	specified	in	the	Society	of	Automotive	Engineers	(SAE)	J2464	and	J2929	which	include
further	tests	such	as	immersion,	humidity,	and	exposure	to	fire.
We	use	lithium	metal	oxide	cells	in	our	battery	packs.	The	cells	do	not	contain	any	lead,	mercury,	cadmium,	or	other	hazardous	materials,	heavy
metals,	or	any	toxic	materials.	Our	battery	packs	include	certain	packaging	materials	which	contain	trace	amounts	of	various	hazardous	chemicals
whose	use,	storage	and	disposal	is	regulated	under	federal	law.	We	currently	have	an	agreement	with	a	third	party	battery	recycling	company	to	recycle
our	battery	packs.	If	a	customer	wishes	to	dispose	of	a	battery	pack	from	one	of	our	vehicles,	we	anticipate	accepting	the	depleted	battery	from	the
customer	without	any	additional	charge.
Automobile	Manufacturer	and	Dealer	Regulation
State	law	regulates	the	manufacture,	distribution	and	sale	of	automobiles,	and	generally	requires	motor	vehicle	manufacturers	and	dealers	to	be
licensed.	To	the	extent	possible,	we	plan	to	secure	dealer	licenses	(or	the	equivalent	of	a	dealer	license)	and	engage	in	activities	as	a	motor	vehicle
dealer	in	so	far	as	we	are	permitted	to	do	so	as	we	open	additional	Tesla	stores	and	service	centers.	Some	states	do	not	permit	automobile
manufacturers	to	be	licensed	as	dealers	or	to	act	in	the	capacity	of	a	dealer.	To	sell	vehicles	to	residents	of	states
	
19Table	of	Contents
where	we	are	not	licensed	as	a	dealer,	to	the	extent	permitted	by	local	law,	both	the	actual	sale	would	generally	have	to	occur	out	of	state.	In	this
scenario,	it	is	possible	that	activities	related	to	marketing,	advertising,	taking	orders,	taking	reservations	and	reservation	payments,	and	delivering
vehicles	could	be	viewed	by	a	state	as	conducting	unlicensed	activities	in	the	state	or	otherwise	violating	the	state​s	motor	vehicle	industry	laws.
Regulators	in	these	states	may	require	us	to	hold	and	meet	the	requirements	of	appropriate	dealer	or	other	licenses	and,	in	states	in	which
manufacturers	are	prohibited	from	acting	as	dealers,	may	otherwise	prohibit	or	impact	our	planned	activities.
In	jurisdictions	where	we	do	not	have	a	Tesla	store,	a	customer	may	try	to	purchase	our	vehicles	over	the	internet.	However,	some	states	have
laws	providing	that	a	manufacturer	cannot	deliver	a	vehicle	to	a	resident	of	such	state	except	through	a	dealer	licensed	to	do	business	in	that	state
which	may	be	interpreted	to	require	us	to	open	a	store	in	such	state	in	order	to	sell	vehicles	to	its	residents.	In	some	states	where	we	have	opened	a
viewing	​gallery​	that	is	not	a	full	retail	location,	it	is	possible	that	a	state	regulator	could	take	the	position	that	activities	at	our	gallery	constitute	an
unlicensed	motor	vehicle	dealership	and	thereby	violates	applicable	manufacturer-dealer	laws.	Although	we	would	prefer	that	a	state	regulator	address
any	concerns	by	discussing	such	concerns	with	us	and	requesting	voluntary	compliance,	a	state	could	also	take	action	against	us,	including	levying	fines
or	requiring	that	we	refrain	from	certain	activities.	In	addition,	some	states	have	requirements	that	service	facilities	be	available	with	respect	to
vehicles	sold	in	the	state,	which	may	be	interpreted	to	also	require	that	service	facilities	be	available	with	respect	to	vehicles	sold	over	the	internet	to
residents	of	the	state	thereby	limiting	our	ability	to	sell	vehicles	in	states	where	we	do	not	maintain	service	facilities.
The	foregoing	examples	of	state	laws	governing	the	sale	of	motor	vehicles	are	just	some	of	the	regulations	we	face	as	we	sell	our	vehicles.	In
many	states,	the	application	of	state	motor	vehicle	laws	to	our	specific	sales	model	is	largely	without	precedent,	particularly	with	respect	to	sales	over
the	internet,	and	would	be	determined	by	a	fact	specific	analysis	of	numerous	factors,	including	whether	we	have	a	physical	presence	or	employees	in
the	applicable	state,	whether	we	advertise	or	conduct	other	activities	in	the	applicable	state,	how	the	sale	transaction	is	structured,	the	volume	of	sales
into	the	state,	and	whether	the	state	in	question	prohibits	manufacturers	from	acting	as	dealers.	As	a	result	of	the	fact	specific	and	untested	nature	of
these	issues,	and	the	fact	that	applying	these	laws	intended	for	the	traditional	automobile	distribution	model	to	our	sales	model	allows	for	some
interpretation	and	discretion	by	the	regulators,	state	legal	prohibitions	may	prevent	us	from	selling	to	consumers	in	such	state.
Moreover,	as	we	expand	our	footprint	in	the	United	States,	Dealer	Associations	have	been	bringing	litigation	challenging	the	legality	of	our
operations,	as	well	as	trying	to	use	administrative	and	legislative	processes	to	shut	down	our	ability	to	expand	and	even	threatening	existing	operations.
Although	we	have	prevailed	in	every	lawsuit	brought	by	these	Dealer	Associations	in	Massachusetts,	New	York	and	Ohio,	we	expect	that	additional
challenges	will	be	brought.	In	addition,	Dealer	Associations	are	actively	lobbying	Governors	and	legislators	to	interpret	laws	or	enact	new	laws	not
favorable	to	Tesla​s	ownership	and	operation	of	its	own	retail	and	service	locations.
Furthermore,	while	we	have	performed	an	analysis	of	the	principal	laws	in	the	European	Union	relating	to	our	distribution	model	and	believe	we
comply	with	such	laws,	we	have	not	performed	a	complete	analysis	in	all	foreign	jurisdictions	in	which	we	may	sell	vehicles.	Accordingly,	there	may	be
laws	in	jurisdictions	we	have	not	yet	entered	or	laws	we	are	unaware	of	in	jurisdictions	we	have	entered	that	may	restrict	our	vehicle	reservation
practices	or	other	business	practices.	Even	for	those	jurisdictions	we	have	analyzed,	the	laws	in	this	area	can	be	complex,	difficult	to	interpret	and	may
change	over	time.
In	addition	to	licensing	laws,	specific	laws	and	regulations	in	each	of	the	states	(and	their	interpretation	by	regulators)	may	limit	or	determine
how	we	sell,	market,	advertise,	and	otherwise	solicit	sales,	take	orders,	take	reservations	and	reservation	payments,	deliver,	and	service	vehicles	for
consumers	and	engage	in	other	activities	in	that	state.	While	we	have	performed	an	analysis	of	laws	in	certain	jurisdictions	in	which	we	have	Tesla
stores,	we	have	not	performed	a	complete	analysis	in	all	jurisdictions	in	which	we	may	sell	vehicles.	Accordingly,	there
	
20Table	of	Contents
may	be	laws	in	jurisdictions	we	have	not	yet	entered	that	may	restrict	our	vehicle	reservation	practices	or	other	business	practices.
Competition
Competition	in	the	automotive	industry	is	intense	and	evolving.	We	believe	the	impact	of	new	regulatory	requirements	for	occupant	safety	and
vehicle	emissions,	technological	advances	in	powertrain	and	consumer	electronics	components,	and	shifting	customer	needs	and	expectations	are
causing	the	industry	to	evolve	in	the	direction	of	electric-based	vehicles.	We	believe	the	primary	competitive	factors	in	our	markets	include	but	are	not
limited	to:
	
	
	
technological	innovation;
	
	
	
product	quality	and	safety;
	
	
	
service	options;
	
	
	
product	performance;
	
	
	
design	and	styling;
	
	
	
brand	perception;
	
	
	
product	price;	and
	
	
	
manufacturing	efficiency.
We	believe	that	our	vehicles	compete	in	the	market	both	based	on	their	traditional	segment	classification	as	well	as	based	on	their	propulsion
technology.	Within	the	electric-based	vehicle	segment,	there	are	three	primary	means	of	powertrain	electrification	which	will	differentiate	various
competitors	in	this	market:
	
	
	
Electric	Vehicles
	are	vehicles	powered	completely	by	a	single	on-board	energy	storage	system	(battery	pack	or	fuel	cell)	which	is	refueled
directly	from	an	electricity	source.	Both	the	Tesla	Roadster	and	Model	S	are	examples	of	electric	vehicles.
	
	
	
Plug-in	Hybrid	Vehicles
	are	vehicles	powered	by	both	a	battery	pack	with	an	electric	motor	and	an	internal	combustion	engine	which	can	be
refueled	both	with	traditional	petroleum	fuels	for	the	engine	and	electricity	for	the	battery	pack.	The	internal	combustion	engine	can	either
work	in	parallel	with	the	electric	motor	to	power	the	wheels,	such	as	in	a	parallel	plug-in	hybrid	vehicle,	or	be	used	only	to	recharge	the
battery,	such	as	in	a	series	plug-in	hybrid	vehicle	like	the	Chevrolet	Volt.
	
	
	
Hybrid	Electric
	Vehicles	are	vehicles	powered	by	both	a	battery	pack	with	an	electric	motor	and	an	internal	combustion	engine	but	which
can	only	be	refueled	with	traditional	petroleum	fuels	as	the	battery	pack	is	charged	via	regenerative	braking,	such	as	used	in	a	hybrid
electric	vehicle	like	the	Toyota	Prius.
The	worldwide	automotive	market,	particularly	for	alternative	fuel	vehicles,	is	highly	competitive	today	and	we	expect	it	will	become	even	more	so
in	the	future.	Prior	to	the	introduction	of	the	Nissan	Leaf	in	December	2010,	no	mass	produced	performance	highway-capable	electric	vehicles	were
being	sold	in	the	United	States.	In	Japan,	Mitsubishi	has	been	selling	its	electric	iMiEV	since	April	2010.	We	expect	additional	competitors	to	enter	the
alternate	fuel	vehicle	market	within	the	next	several	years,	and	as	they	do	so,	we	expect	that	we	will	experience	significant	competition.	In	addition,	we
currently	face	strong	competition	from	existing	automobile	manufacturers	in	the	extremely	competitive	premium	sedan	market,	including	Audi,	BMW,
Lexus	and	Mercedes.
Many	established	and	new	automobile	manufacturers	have	entered	or	have	announced	plans	to	enter	the	alternative	fuel	vehicle	market.	In
addition	to	the	Nissan	Leaf,	Ford	has	introduced	the	fully	electric	Ford	Focus,	Renault	has	introduced	the	fully	electric	Renault	Fluence,	and	Fiat	has
introduced	the	Fiat	500e,	among	others.	Moreover	BMW,	Daimler,	Lexus,	Audi,	Fiat,	Renault,	Volkswagen	and	Volvo	are	also	developing	electric
	
21Table	of	Contents
vehicles.	For	example,	BMW	plans	to	introduce	its	i3	city	car	and	i8	sports	car	in	the	second	quarter	of	2014	and	Volkswagen	plans	to	introduce	its	fully
electric	e-Golf	in	2014.	Several	new	start-ups	have	also	announced	plans	to	enter	the	market	for	performance	electric	vehicles,	although	none	of	these
have	yet	come	to	market.	Finally,	electric	vehicles	have	already	been	brought	to	market	in	China	and	other	foreign	countries	and	we	expect	a	number	of
those	manufacturers	to	enter	the	United	States	market	as	well.
In	addition,	several	manufacturers,	including	General	Motors,	Toyota,	Ford,	and	Honda,	are	each	selling	hybrid	vehicles,	and	certain	of	these
manufacturers	have	announced	plug-in	versions	of	their	hybrid	vehicles.	For	example,	in	December	2010,	General	Motors	introduced	the	Chevrolet	Volt,
which	is	a	plug-in	hybrid	vehicle	that	operates	purely	on	electric	power	for	a	limited	number	of	miles,	at	which	time	an	internal	combustion	engine
engages	to	recharge	the	battery.
Most	of	our	current	and	potential	competitors	have	significantly	greater	financial,	technical,	manufacturing,	marketing	and	other	resources	than
we	do	and	may	be	able	to	devote	greater	resources	to	the	design,	development,	manufacturing,	distribution,	promotion,	sale	and	support	of	their
products.	Virtually	all	of	our	competitors	have	more	extensive	customer	bases	and	broader	customer	and	industry	relationships	than	we	do.	In	addition,
almost	all	of	these	companies	have	longer	operating	histories	and	greater	name	recognition	than	we	do.	Our	competitors	may	be	in	a	stronger	position
to	respond	quickly	to	new	technologies	and	may	be	able	to	design,	develop,	market	and	sell	their	products	more	effectively.	We	believe	our	exclusive
focus	on	electric	vehicles	and	electric	vehicle	components,	as	well	as	our	history	of	vehicle	development	and	production,	are	the	basis	on	which	we	can
compete	in	the	global	automotive	market	in	spite	of	the	challenges	posed	by	our	competition;	however,	we	have	a	limited	history	of	operations.
Intellectual	Property
Our	success	depends,	at	least	in	part,	on	our	ability	to	protect	our	core	technology	and	intellectual	property.	To	accomplish	this,	we	rely	on	a
combination	of	patents,	patent	applications,	trade	secrets,	including	know-how,	employee	and	third	party	nondisclosure	agreements,	copyright	laws,
trademarks,	intellectual	property	licenses	and	other	contractual	rights	to	establish	and	protect	our	proprietary	rights	in	our	technology.	As	of
December	31,	2013,	we	had	203	issued	patents	and	more	than	280	pending	patent	applications	with	the	United	States	Patent	and	Trademark	Office	and
internationally	in	a	broad	range	of	areas.	Our	issued	patents	start	expiring	in	2026.	We	intend	to	continue	to	file	additional	patent	applications	with
respect	to	our	technology.	We	do	not	know	whether	any	of	our	pending	patent	applications	will	result	in	the	issuance	of	patents	or	whether	the
examination	process	will	require	us	to	narrow	our	claims.	Even	if	granted,	there	can	be	no	assurance	that	these	pending	patent	applications	will	provide
us	with	protection.
Segment	Information
We	have	determined	that	we	operate	as	one	reporting	segment,	which	is	the	design,	development,	manufacturing	and	sales	of	electric	vehicles
and	electric	powertrain	components.	For	information	regarding	financial	data	by	geographic	areas,	see	Note	10	to	our	Consolidated	Financial
Statements	included	in	this	Annual	Report	on	Form	10-K	under	Item	8.	Financial	Statements	and	Supplementary	Data.
Employees
As	of	December	31,	2013,	we	had	5,859	full-time	employees.	None	of	our	employees	are	currently	represented	by	labor	unions	or	are	covered	by	a
collective	bargaining	agreement	with	respect	to	their	employment.	To	date,	we	have	not	experienced	any	work	stoppages,	and	we	consider	our
relationship	with	our	employees	to	be	good.
Available	Information
We	file	or	furnish	periodic	reports	and	amendments	thereto,	including	our	Annual	Reports	on	Form	10-K,	our	Quarterly	Reports	on	Form	10-Q	and
Current	Reports	on	Form	8-K;	proxy	statements	and	other	information	with	the
	
22Table	of	Contents
Securities	and	Exchange	Commission	(SEC).	Such	reports,	amendments,	proxy	statements	and	other	information	may	be	obtained	by	visiting	the	Public
Reference	Room	of	the	SEC	at	100	F	Street,	NE,	Washington,	D.C.	20549.	Information	on	the	operation	of	the	Public	Reference	Room	can	be	obtained
by	calling	the	SEC	at	1-800-SEC-0330.	In	addition,	the	SEC	maintains	a	website	(
www.sec.gov
)	that	contains	reports,	proxy	and	information	statements,
and	other	information	regarding	issuers	that	file	electronically.	Our	reports,	amendments	thereto,	proxy	statements	and	other	information	are	also
made	available,	free	of	charge,	on	our	investor	relations	website	at	
ir.teslamotors.com
	as	soon	as	reasonably	practicable	after	we	electronically	file	or
furnish	such	information	with	the	SEC.	The	information	posted	on	our	website	is	not	incorporated	by	reference	into	this	Annual	Report	on	Form	10-K.
	
ITEM	1A.
RISK	FACTORS
You	should	carefully	consider	the	risks	described	below	together	with	the	other	information	set	forth	in	this	report,	which	could	materially	affect
our	business,	financial	condition	and	future	results.	The	risks	described	below	are	not	the	only	risks	facing	our	company.	Risks	and	uncertainties	not
currently	known	to	us	or	that	we	currently	deem	to	be	immaterial	also	may	materially	adversely	affect	our	business,	financial	condition	and	operating
results.
Risks	Related	to	Our	Business	and	Industry
We	may	be	unable	to	sustain	our	current	level	of	production	and	deliveries	of	Model	S	or	increase	production	and	deliveries	in	line
with	our	plans,	both	of	which	could	harm	our	business	and	prospects.
We	began	manufacturing	and	delivering	Model	S	in	June	2012.	We	have	limited	experience	to	date	in	high	volume	manufacturing	of	our	electric
vehicles	as	we	only	recently	reached	full	production	of	Model	S	for	the	U.S.	market	and	have	just	recently	begun	production	of	Model	S	for	the
European	and	Asian	markets.	Our	ability	to	further	ramp-up	high	volume	Model	S	production	will	depend	upon	a	number	of	factors,	including	our
suppliers​	ability	to	deliver	quality	parts	to	us	in	a	timely	manner,	our	ability	to	use	our	manufacturing	processes	as	planned	for	volume	production	while
maintaining	our	desired	quality	levels	and	efficiently	making	design	changes	to	ensure	consistently	high	quality.	The	Model	S	is	an	all	new	vehicle
which	we	are	producing	with	new	employees	using	new	equipment	and	therefore	our	production	processes	are	still	maturing.	To	produce	a	vehicle	that
meets	our	quality	standards	requires	us	to	carefully	analyze	each	step	of	our	production	plan,	improve	the	efficiency	of	our	manufacturing	processes
and	continue	to	train	our	employees.	Our	suppliers	also	must	produce	new	products	in	sufficient	quantities	and	quality	levels	to	meet	our	demand.
Certain	suppliers	have	experienced	delays	in	meeting	our	demand	or	have	sought	to	renegotiate	the	terms	of	the	supply	arrangements,	and	we	continue
to	focus	on	supplier	capabilities	and	constraints.	Any	disruption	in	maintaining	our	production	level	of	Model	S	could	materially	damage	our	brand,
business,	prospects,	financial	condition	and	operating	results.
We	have	only	recently	increased	our	Model	S	delivery	rates	in	the	United	States	to	match	our	current	and	anticipated	Model	S	production
capacity.	We	have	limited	experience	in	the	high	volume	delivery	of	our	Model	S	vehicles.	We	have	gradually	ramped	production	of	Model	S	and	we
intend	to	continue	to	increase	the	production	rate	significantly	over	the	next	several	quarters.	Furthermore,	we	have	only	recently	commenced
deliveries	in	Europe	and	have	not	delivered	Model	S	vehicles	outside	of	North	America	and	Europe	in	volume;	thus	we	may	face	difficulties	meeting	our
delivery	and	growth	plans	in	Asia	and	other	right	hand	drive	markets	later	this	year,	which	may	impact	our	ability	to	achieve	our	worldwide	delivery
goals.	If	we	are	unable	to	increase	the	production	rate	and	increase	our	weekly	delivery	rate	to	match	our	production	rate	of	Model	S,	ramp	up
deliveries	in	Europe	and	Asia	and	sustain	a	high	level	of	weekly	Model	S	deliveries	throughout	the	year,	this	could	result	in	negative	publicity,	damage
our	brand	and	have	a	material	adverse	effect	on	our	business,	prospects,	financial	condition	and	operating	results.
In	addition,	for	Model	S	we	have	introduced	a	number	of	new	manufacturing	technologies	and	techniques,	such	as	aluminum	spot	welding
systems,	which	have	not	been	widely	adopted	in	the	automotive	industry,	and	Model	S	has	a	number	of	new	and	unique	design	features,	such	as	a	17
inch	display	screen,	newly	designed	retractable	exterior	door	handles	and	a	panoramic	roof,	each	of	which	poses	unique	manufacturing	challenges.
Model	S	production	and
	
23Table	of	Contents
deliveries	will	continue	to	require	significant	resources	and	we	may	experience	unexpected	delays	or	difficulties	that	could	harm	our	ability	to	maintain
full	manufacturing	capacity	for	Model	S,	or	cause	us	to	miss	planned	production	targets,	any	of	which	could	have	a	material	adverse	effect	on	our
financial	condition	and	operating	results.	Additionally,	sustaining	high	volume	production	and	doing	so	in	a	manner	that	avoids	significant	cost
overruns,	including	as	a	result	of	factors	beyond	our	control	such	as	problems	with	suppliers	and	vendors,	may	be	difficult.
Our	ability	to	sustain	and	grow	volume	production	and	deliveries	for	Model	S	is	subject	to	certain	risks	and	uncertainties,	including:
	
	
	
that	our	suppliers	will	be	able	and	willing	to	deliver	components	on	a	timely	basis	and	in	the	necessary	quantities,	quality	and	at	acceptable
prices	to	produce	Model	S	in	volume	and	reach	our	financial	targets;
	
	
	
that	we	will	be	able	to	complete	any	necessary	adjustments	to	the	vehicle	design	or	manufacturing	processes	of	Model	S	in	a	timely	manner
that	meets	our	production	plan	and	allows	for	high	quality	vehicles;
	
	
	
that	we	will	be	able	to	commence	and	execute	the	launch	and	ramp	of	Model	S	in	Asia	pursuant	to	our	current	timeline;
	
	
	
that	we	will	be	able	to	adequately	respond	in	a	timely	manner	to	any	problems	that	may	arise	with	our	vehicles;
	
	
	
that	we	will	be	able	to	schedule	and	complete	deliveries	at	our	planned	higher	volume	production	levels;
	
	
	
that	the	equipment	or	tooling	which	we	have	purchased	or	which	we	select	will	be	able	to	accurately	manufacture	the	vehicle	within
specified	design	tolerances,	and	will	not	suffer	from	unexpected	breakdowns	or	damage	which	could	negatively	affect	the	rate	needed	to
produce	vehicles	in	volume;
	
	
	
that	we	will	be	able	to	comply	with	environmental,	workplace	safety,	customs	and	similar	regulations	required	to	operate	our
manufacturing	facilities;
	
	
	
that	we	will	be	able	to	maintain	and	improve	quality	controls	as	we	transition	to	a	higher	level	of	in-house	manufacturing	process;	and
	
	
	
that	the	information	technology	systems	that	we	are	currently	expanding	and	improving	upon	will	be	effective	to	manage	high	volume
production.
Finally,	detailed	long-term	testing	of	quality,	reliability	and	durability	testing	of	Model	S,	are	ongoing	and	any	negative	results	from	such	testing
could	cause	production	or	delivery	delays,	cost	increases	or	lower	quality	of	our	Model	S	vehicles.
We	are	dependent	on	our	suppliers,	the	vast	majority	of	which	are	single	source	suppliers,	and	the	inability	of	these	suppliers	to
continue	to	deliver,	or	their	refusal	to	deliver,	necessary	components	of	our	vehicles	in	a	timely	manner	at	prices,	quality	levels,	and
volumes	acceptable	to	us	would	have	a	material	adverse	effect	on	our	financial	condition	and	operating	results.
Model	S	contains	numerous	purchased	parts	which	we	source	globally	from	over	300	direct	suppliers,	the	majority	of	whom	are	currently	single
source	suppliers	for	these	components.	While	we	obtain	components	from	multiple	sources	whenever	possible,	similar	to	other	automobile
manufacturers,	the	majority	of	the	components	used	in	our	vehicles	are	purchased	by	us	from	single	sources.	To	date	we	have	not	qualified	alternative
sources	for	most	of	the	single	sourced	components	used	in	our	vehicles	and	we	do	not	maintain	long-term	agreements	with	a	number	of	our	suppliers.
While	we	believe	that	we	may	be	able	to	establish	alternate	supply	relationships	and	can	obtain	or	engineer	replacement	components	for	our
single	source	components,	we	may	be	unable	to	do	so	in	the	short	term,	or	at	all,	at	prices	or	costs	that	are	favorable	to	us.	In	particular,	while	we
believe	that	we	will	be	able	to	secure	alternate
	
24Table	of	Contents
sources	of	supply	for	most	of	our	single	sourced	components	in	a	relatively	short	time	frame,	qualifying	alternate	suppliers	or	developing	our	own
replacements	for	certain	highly	customized	components	of	our	vehicles	may	be	time	consuming,	costly	and	may	force	us	to	make	additional
modifications	to	a	vehicle​s	design.
This	supply	chain	exposes	us	to	multiple	potential	sources	of	delivery	failure	or	component	shortages	for	Model	S,	as	well	as	for	our	powertrain
component	sales	activities.	For	example,	earthquakes	similar	to	the	one	that	occurred	in	Japan	in	March	2011	could	negatively	impact	our	supply	chain.
We	have	in	the	past	experienced	source	disruptions	in	our	supply	chains,	including	those	relating	to	our	slower-than-anticipated	ramp	in	our	Model	S
production	goals	for	2012.	We	may	experience	additional	delays	in	the	future	with	respect	to	Model	S	and	any	other	future	vehicle	we	may	produce.	In
addition,	because	we	have	written	agreements	in	place	with	the	majority,	but	not	all	of,	our	suppliers,	this	may	create	uncertainty	regarding	certain
suppliers​	obligations	to	us,	including	but	not	limited	to,	those	regarding	warranty	and	product	liability.	Changes	in	business	conditions,	wars,
governmental	changes	and	other	factors	beyond	our	control	or	which	we	do	not	presently	anticipate,	could	also	affect	our	suppliers​	ability	to	deliver
components	to	us	on	a	timely	basis.	Furthermore,	if	we	experience	significantly	increased	demand,	or	need	to	replace	certain	existing	suppliers,	there
can	be	no	assurance	that	additional	supplies	of	component	parts	will	be	available	when	required	on	terms	that	are	favorable	to	us,	at	all,	or	that	any
supplier	would	allocate	sufficient	supplies	to	us	in	order	to	meet	our	requirements	or	fill	our	orders	in	a	timely	manner.	In	the	past,	we	have	replaced
certain	suppliers	because	of	their	failure	to	provide	components	that	met	our	quality	control	standards.	The	loss	of	any	single	or	limited	source	supplier
or	the	disruption	in	the	supply	of	components	from	these	suppliers	could	lead	to	delays	in	vehicle	deliveries	to	our	customers,	which	could	hurt	our
relationships	with	our	customers	and	also	materially	and	adversely	affect	our	financial	condition	and	operating	results.
Changes	in	our	supply	chain	have	resulted	in	the	past,	and	may	result	in	the	future,	in	increased	cost	and	delay.	We	have	also	experienced	cost
increases	from	certain	of	our	suppliers	in	order	to	meet	our	quality	targets	and	development	timelines	as	well	as	due	to	design	changes	that	we	made,
and	we	may	experience	similar	cost	increases	in	the	future.	Additionally,	we	are	negotiating	with	existing	suppliers	for	cost	reductions,	seeking	new	and
less	expensive	suppliers	for	certain	parts,	and	attempting	to	redesign	certain	parts	to	make	them	cheaper	to	produce.	If	we	are	unsuccessful	in	our
efforts	to	control	and	reduce	supplier	costs,	our	operating	results	will	suffer.	Additionally,	cost	reduction	efforts	may	interrupt	or	harm	our	normal
production	processes,	thereby	harming	Model	S	quality	or	reducing	Model	S	production	output.
Furthermore,	a	failure	by	our	suppliers	to	provide	the	components	in	a	timely	manner	or	at	the	level	of	quality	necessary	to	manufacture	our
performance	electric	vehicles	such	as	Model	S	could	prevent	us	from	fulfilling	customer	orders	in	a	timely	fashion	which	could	result	in	negative
publicity,	damage	our	brand	and	have	a	material	adverse	effect	on	our	business,	prospects,	financial	condition	and	operating	results.
Finally,	in	October	2013,	we	entered	into	an	amendment	to	our	existing	supply	agreement	with	Panasonic	Corporation	in	order	to	address	our
anticipated	short-	to	medium-term	lithium	ion	battery	cell	needs.	While	we	expect	that	this	supply	agreement,	as	amended,	will	provide	us	with
sufficient	cells	for	the	next	few	years,	we	may	not	be	able	to	meet	our	long-term	needs,	including	for	our	third	generation	electric	vehicle,	which	we
refer	as	​Gen	III,​	and	other	programs	we	may	introduce,	without	securing	additional	suppliers	or	other	sources	for	cells.	If	we	cannot	secure	such
additional	suppliers	or	sources,	we	could	experience	production	delays,	which	could	have	a	material	adverse	effect	on	our	financial	condition	and
operating	results.
If	we	are	unable	to	adequately	reduce	the	manufacturing	costs	of	Model	S	or	otherwise	control	the	costs	associated	with	operating	our
business,	our	financial	condition	and	operating	results	will	suffer.
Our	production	costs	for	Model	S	were	high	initially	due	to	start-up	costs	at	the	Tesla	Factory,	manufacturing	inefficiencies	including	low
absorption	of	fixed	manufacturing	costs,	higher	logistics	costs	due	to	the	immaturity	of	our	supply	chain,	and	higher	initial	prices	for	component	parts
during	the	initial	period	after	the	launch	and	ramp	of	Model	S.	As	we	have	gradually	ramped	production	of	Model	S,	manufacturing	costs	per
	
25Table	of	Contents
vehicle	have	fallen.	While	we	expect	further	cost	reduction	efforts	undertaken	by	both	us	and	our	suppliers	will	continue	to	reduce	costs	during	the	next
several	quarters,	there	is	no	guarantee	that	we	will	be	able	to	achieve	planned	cost	reductions	from	our	various	cost	savings	initiatives,	and	the	failure
to	achieve	such	savings	would	negatively	affect	our	ability	to	reach	our	gross	margin	and	profitability	goals.
We	incur	significant	costs	related	to	procuring	the	raw	materials	required	to	manufacture	our	high-performance	electric	cars,	assembling	vehicles
and	compensating	our	personnel.	We	may	also	incur	substantial	costs	or	cost	overruns	in	increasing	the	production	capability	of	Model	S	and
powertrain	manufacturing	facilities	and	the	planned	launch	in	Asia	in	the	spring	of	2014.	Furthermore,	if	we	are	unable	to	produce	Model	X	pursuant	to
our	plan	due	to	cost	overruns	or	other	unexpected	costs,	we	may	not	be	able	to	meet	our	gross	margin	targets.
Additionally,	in	the	future	we	may	be	required	to	incur	substantial	marketing	costs	and	expenses	to	promote	our	vehicles,	including	through	the
use	of	traditional	media	such	as	television,	radio	and	print,	even	though	our	marketing	expenses	to	date	have	been	relatively	limited	as	we	have	to	date
relied	upon	unconventional	marketing	efforts.	If	we	are	unable	to	keep	our	operating	costs	aligned	with	the	level	of	revenues	we	generate,	our
operating	results,	business	and	prospects	will	be	harmed.	Furthermore,	many	of	the	factors	that	impact	our	operating	costs	are	beyond	our	control.	For
example,	the	costs	of	our	raw	materials	and	components,	such	as	lithium-ion	battery	cells	or	aluminum	used	to	produce	body	panels,	could	increase	due
to	shortages	as	global	demand	for	these	products	increases.	Indeed,	if	the	popularity	of	electric	vehicles	exceeds	current	expectations	without
significant	expansion	in	battery	cell	production	capacity	and	advancements	in	battery	cell	technology,	shortages	could	occur	which	would	result	in
increased	material	costs	to	us	or	potentially	limit	our	ability	to	expand	production.
Our	long-term	success	will	be	dependent	upon	our	ability	to	design,	build	and	achieve	market	acceptance	of	new	vehicle	models,
specifically	Model	S	and	new	vehicle	models	such	as	Model	X	and	Gen	III,	in	the	U.S.	and	abroad.
Our	long-term	success	is	dependent	on	market	acceptance	of	the	Model	S	sedan	and	future	electric	vehicles	we	introduce.	In	the	United	States,
there	is	no	guarantee	that	Model	S	will	continue	to	be	successfully	accepted	by	the	general	public,	especially	in	the	long-term.	As	we	expand	in	Europe
and	enter	into	Asia,	there	is	no	guarantee	that	customers	in	these	markets	will	embrace	our	vehicles	and	if	they	do	not,	demand	for	our	vehicles	could
be	lower	than	our	expectations.	For	example,	we	have	experienced	greater	initial	success	in	selling	Model	S	vehicles	in	Norway	than	in	the	rest	of
Europe.
Moreover,	there	can	be	no	assurance	that	we	will	be	able	to	design	future	electric	vehicles	that	will	meet	the	expectations	of	our	customers	or
that	our	future	models,	including	the	Model	X	crossover,	will	become	commercially	viable.	To	date,	we	have	publicly	revealed	only	an	early	prototype	of
the	Model	X.	To	the	extent	that	we	are	not	able	to	build	Model	X	to	the	expectations	created	by	the	early	prototype	and	our	announced	specifications,
customers	may	cancel	their	reservations,	our	future	sales	could	be	harmed	and	investors	may	lose	confidence	in	us.
In	addition,	we	have	also	announced	our	intent	to	develop	Gen	III	which	we	expect	to	produce	at	the	Tesla	Factory	after	the	introduction	of	Model
X.	We	intend	to	offer	this	vehicle	at	a	lower	price	point	and	expect	to	produce	it	at	higher	volumes	than	our	Model	S.	Importantly,	we	anticipate
producing	our	Gen	III	vehicle	for	the	mass	market	and	thus	we	will	need	a	high-volume	supply	of	lithium-ion	cells	at	reasonable	prices.	While	our	plan	is
to	attempt	to	produce	lithium-ion	cells	and	finished	battery	packs	for	our	Gen	III	vehicles	at	a	new	Tesla	Gigafactory,	our	plans	for	such	production	are
at	a	very	early	stage	and	we	have	not	yet	selected	a	site	for	the	construction	of	the	Tesla	Gigafactory	nor	completed	a	factory	design.	In	addition,	we
have	no	experience	in	the	production	of	lithium-ion	cells,	and	accordingly	we	intend	to	engage	partners	with	significant	experience	in	cell	production
and	to	date	we	have	not	formalized	such	partnerships.	In	addition,	the	cost	of	building	and	operating	the	Tesla	Gigafactory	could	exceed	our	current
expectations	and	the	Tesla	Gigafactory	may	take	longer	to	bring	online	than	we	anticipate.	If	we	are	unable	to	build	the	Tesla	Gigafactory	in	a	timely
manner	to	produce	high	volumes	of	quality	lithium-ion	cells	for	Gen	III	at	reasonable	prices	and	thus	are	forced	to	rely	on	others	to
	
26Table	of	Contents
supply	us	with	lithium-ion	cells	for	Gen	III,	our	ability	to	produce	our	Gen	III	vehicles	at	a	price	that	allows	us	to	sell	Gen	III	profitably	could	be
constrained.	Finally,	we	have	very	limited	experience	allocating	our	available	resources	among	the	design	and	production	of	multiple	models	of	vehicles,
such	as	Model	S	(including	any	variants	we	may	introduce	such	as	right-hand	drive),	Model	X	and	Gen	III.	While	we	intend	each	of	our	production
vehicles	and	their	variants	to	meet	a	distinct	segment	of	the	automotive	market,	our	vehicles	may	end	up	competing	with	each	other	which	may	delay
sales	and	associated	revenue	to	future	periods.	Also,	if	we	fail	to	accurately	anticipate	demand	for	each	of	our	vehicles,	this	could	result	in	inefficient
expenditures	and	production	delays.	Furthermore,	historically,	automobile	customers	have	come	to	expect	new	and	improved	vehicle	models	to	be
introduced	frequently.	In	order	to	meet	these	expectations,	we	may	in	the	future	be	required	to	introduce	on	a	regular	basis	new	vehicle	models	as	well
as	enhanced	versions	of	existing	vehicle	models.	As	technologies	change	in	the	future	for	automobiles	in	general	and	performance	electric	vehicles
specifically,	we	will	be	expected	to	upgrade	or	adapt	our	vehicles	and	introduce	new	models	in	order	to	continue	to	provide	vehicles	with	the	latest
technology	and	meet	customer	expectations.	To	date,	we	have	limited	experience	simultaneously	designing,	testing,	manufacturing,	upgrading,
adapting	and	selling	our	electric	vehicles.
Our	future	growth	is	dependent	upon	consumers​	willingness	to	adopt	electric	vehicles.
Our	growth	is	highly	dependent	upon	the	adoption	by	consumers	of,	and	we	are	subject	to	an	elevated	risk	of	any	reduced	demand	for,	alternative
fuel	vehicles	in	general	and	electric	vehicles	in	particular.	If	the	market	for	electric	vehicles	in	the	U.S.,	Europe	and	Asia	does	not	develop	as	we	expect
or	develops	more	slowly	than	we	expect,	our	business,	prospects,	financial	condition	and	operating	results	will	be	harmed.	The	market	for	alternative
fuel	vehicles	is	relatively	new,	rapidly	evolving,	characterized	by	rapidly	changing	technologies,	price	competition,	additional	competitors,	evolving
government	regulation	and	industry	standards,	frequent	new	vehicle	announcements	and	changing	consumer	demands	and	behaviors.
Other	factors	that	may	influence	the	adoption	of	alternative	fuel	vehicles,	and	specifically	electric	vehicles,	include:
	
	
	
perceptions	about	electric	vehicle	quality,	safety	(in	particular	with	respect	to	lithium-ion	battery	packs),	design,	performance	and	cost,
especially	if	adverse	events	or	accidents	occur	that	are	linked	to	the	quality	or	safety	of	electric	vehicles,	such	as	those	related	to	the
Chevrolet	Volt	battery	pack	fires	or	recent	incidents	involving	Model	S;
	
	
	
perceptions	about	vehicle	safety	in	general,	in	particular	safety	issues	that	may	be	attributed	to	the	use	of	advanced	technology,	including
vehicle	electronics	and	regenerative	braking	systems;
	
	
	
negative	perceptions	of	electric	vehicles,	such	as	that	they	are	more	expensive	than	non-electric	vehicles	and	are	only	affordable	with
government	subsidies;
	
	
	
the	limited	range	over	which	electric	vehicles	may	be	driven	on	a	single	battery	charge	and	the	effects	of	weather	on	this	range;
	
	
	
the	decline	of	an	electric	vehicle​s	range	resulting	from	deterioration	over	time	in	the	battery​s	ability	to	hold	a	charge;
	
	
	
varied	calculations	for	driving	ranges	achievable	by	EVs,	which	is	inherently	difficult	given	numerous	factors	affecting	battery	range;
	
	
	
our	capability	to	rapidly	swap	out	the	Model	S	battery	pack	and	our	plans	to	develop	specialized	public	facilities	to	perform	such	swapping;
	
	
	
concerns	about	electric	grid	capacity	and	reliability,	which	could	derail	our	past	and	present	efforts	to	promote	electric	vehicles	as	a
practical	solution	to	vehicles	which	require	gasoline;
	
	
	
concerns	by	potential	customers	that	if	their	battery	pack	is	not	charged	properly,	it	may	become	unusable	and	may	need	to	be	replaced;
	
27Table	of	Contents
	
	
the	availability	of	alternative	fuel	vehicles,	including	plug-in	hybrid	electric	vehicles;
	
	
	
improvements	in	the	fuel	economy	of	the	internal	combustion	engine;
	
	
	
the	availability	of	service	for	electric	vehicles;
	
	
	
consumers​	desire	and	ability	to	purchase	a	luxury	automobile	or	one	that	is	perceived	as	exclusive;
	
	
	
the	environmental	consciousness	of	consumers;
	
	
	
volatility	in	the	cost	of	oil	and	gasoline;
	
	
	
consumers​	perceptions	of	the	dependency	of	the	United	States	on	oil	from	unstable	or	hostile	countries;
	
	
	
government	regulations	and	economic	incentives	promoting	fuel	efficiency	and	alternate	forms	of	energy	as	well	as	tax	and	other
governmental	incentives	to	purchase	and	operate	electric	vehicles;
	
	
	
access	to	charging	stations,	standardization	of	electric	vehicle	charging	systems	and	consumers​	perceptions	about	convenience	and	cost	to
charge	an	electric	vehicle;	and
	
	
	
perceptions	about	and	the	actual	cost	of	alternative	fuel.
In	addition,	reports	have	suggested	the	potential	for	extreme	temperatures	to	affect	the	range	or	performance	of	electric	vehicles,	and	based	on
our	own	internal	testing,	we	estimate	that	our	vehicles	may	experience	a	material	reduction	in	range	when	operated	in	extremely	cold	temperatures.	To
the	extent	customers	have	concerns	about	such	reductions	or	third	party	reports	which	suggest	reductions	in	range	greater	than	our	estimates	gain
widespread	acceptance,	our	ability	to	market	and	sell	our	vehicles,	particularly	in	colder	climates,	may	be	adversely	impacted.
Additionally,	we	will	become	subject	to	regulations	that	require	us	to	alter	the	design	of	our	vehicles,	which	could	negatively	impact	consumer
interest	in	our	vehicles.	For	example,	our	electric	vehicles	make	less	noise	than	internal	combustion	vehicles.	Due	to	concerns	about	quiet	vehicles	and
vision	impaired	pedestrians,	in	January	2011,	Congress	passed	and	the	President	signed	the	Pedestrian	Safety	Enhancement	Act	of	2010.	The	new	law
requires	NHTSA	to	establish	minimum	sounds	for	electric	vehicles	and	hybrid	electric	vehicles	when	travelling	at	low	speeds.	NHTSA	issued	a	notice	of
proposed	rulemaking	in	2013	and	plans	to	finalize	a	rule	as	soon	as	sometime	in	2014	with	an	effective	date	that	could	be	implemented	by	September	1,
2015.	This	will	begin	a	three	year	phase-in	schedule	for	establishing	these	minimum	sounds	in	all	electric	and	hybrid	electric	vehicles.	Adding	this
artificial	noise	may	cause	current	or	potential	customers	not	to	purchase	our	electric	vehicles,	which	would	materially	and	adversely	affect	our	business,
operating	results,	financial	condition	and	prospects.
If	we	fail	to	manage	future	growth	effectively	as	we	rapidly	grow	our	company,	especially	internationally,	we	may	not	be	able	to
produce,	market,	sell	and	service	our	vehicles	successfully.
Any	failure	to	manage	our	growth	effectively	could	materially	and	adversely	affect	our	business,	prospects,	operating	results	and	financial
condition.	We	continue	to	expand	our	operations	significantly	in	the	U.S.	as	well	as	in	Europe	and	Asia.	Our	future	operating	results	depend	to	a	large
extent	on	our	ability	to	manage	this	expansion	and	growth	successfully.	Risks	that	we	face	in	undertaking	this	global	expansion	include:
	
	
	
finding	and	training	new	personnel,	especially	in	new	markets	such	as	Europe	and	Asia;
	
	
	
controlling	expenses	and	investments	in	anticipation	of	expanded	operations;
	
	
	
establishing	or	expanding	sales,	service	and	Supercharger	facilities	in	a	timely	manner;
	
	
	
adapting	our	products	to	meet	local	requirements	in	countries	around	the	world;	and
	
	
	
implementing	and	enhancing	manufacturing,	logistics	and	administrative	infrastructure,	systems	and	processes.	
28Table	of	Contents
We	intend	to	continue	to	hire	a	significant	number	of	additional	personnel,	including	manufacturing	personnel,	design	personnel,	engineers	and
service	technicians	for	our	performance	electric	vehicles.	Because	our	high-performance	vehicles	are	based	on	a	different	technology	platform	than
traditional	internal	combustion	engines,	we	may	not	be	able	to	hire	individuals	with	sufficient	training	in	performance	electric	vehicles,	and	we	will
need	to	expend	significant	time	and	expense	training	the	employees	we	do	hire.	Competition	for	individuals	with	experience	designing,	manufacturing
and	servicing	electric	vehicles	is	intense,	and	we	may	not	be	able	to	attract,	assimilate,	train	or	retain	additional	highly	qualified	personnel	in	the
future,	the	failure	of	which	could	seriously	harm	our	business,	prospects,	operating	results	and	financial	condition.
Our	limited	experience	with	our	product	offerings	makes	evaluating	our	business	and	future	prospects	difficult.
We	were	formed	in	July	2003	and	began	delivering	our	first	vehicle,	the	Tesla	Roadster,	in	early	2008.	We	only	began	producing	our	second
electric	vehicle,	Model	S,	in	June	2012	and	our	production	processes	continue	to	mature,	especially	those	production	processes	related	to	our	Model	S
deliveries	in	Europe	and	our	planned	deliveries	in	Asia,	such	as	for	right-hand	drive	Model	S.	Model	S	became	the	primary	contributor	to	our	revenue
starting	in	the	fourth	quarter	of	2012.	We	intend	in	the	longer	term	to	derive	substantial	revenues	from	the	sales	of	Model	S,	Model	X,	Gen	III	and
future	electric	vehicles.	Further,	we	have	only	produced	an	early	prototype	of	the	Model	X	crossover	and	have	only	recently	started	production	of	Model
S	for	Asia.	Our	vehicle	design	and	our	engineering,	manufacturing	and	component	supply	plans	for	Model	S	may	continue	to	be	adjusted.
In	addition,	our	powertrain	component	sales,	development	services	revenue	and	powertrain	research	and	development	compensation	have	been
almost	entirely	generated	under	arrangements	with	Daimler	AG	(Daimler)	and	Toyota	Motor	Corporation	(Toyota),	and	there	is	no	guarantee	that	we
will	be	able	to	enter	into	future	agreements	with	these	or	other	companies	on	favorable	terms	or	manufacture	and	deliver	powertrain	components	in	a
manner	that	is	cost-effective	to	us.
Finally,	it	is	difficult	to	predict	our	future	revenues	and	appropriately	budget	for	our	expenses,	and	we	have	limited	insight	into	trends	that	may
emerge	and	affect	our	business.	In	the	event	that	actual	results	differ	from	our	estimates	or	we	adjust	our	estimates	in	future	periods,	our	operating
results	and	financial	position	could	be	materially	affected.
We	may	fail	to	meet	our	publicly	announced	guidance	or	other	expectations	about	our	business,	which	would	cause	our	stock	price	to
decline.
We	occasionally	provide	guidance	regarding	our	expected	financial	and	business	performance,	such	as	projections	regarding	the	number	of
vehicles	we	hope	to	sell	or	produce	in	future	periods	and	anticipated	future	revenues,	gross	margins,	profitability	and	cash	flows.	Correctly	identifying
the	key	factors	affecting	business	conditions	and	predicting	future	events	is	inherently	an	uncertain	process.	Our	guidance	is	based	in	part	on
assumptions	which	include,	but	are	not	limited	to,	assumptions	regarding:
	
	
	
our	ability	to	achieve	anticipated	production	and	sales	volumes	and	projected	average	sales	prices	for	Model	S	in	the	U.S.,	Europe	and	Asia;
	
	
	
supplier	and	commodity-related	costs;	and
	
	
	
planned	cost	reductions.
Such	guidance	may	not	always	be	accurate	or	may	vary	from	actual	results	due	to	our	inability	to	meet	our	assumptions	and	the	impact	on	our
financial	performance	that	could	occur	as	a	result	of	the	various	risks	and	uncertainties	to	our	business	as	set	forth	in	these	risk	factors,	or	because	of
the	way	that	applicable	accounting	rules	require	us	to	treat	new	product	and	service	offerings	that	we	may	offer.	We	offer	no	assurance	that	such
guidance	will	ultimately	be	accurate,	and	investors	should	treat	any	such	guidance	with	appropriate	caution.	If	we	fail	to	meet	our	guidance	or	if	we	find
it	necessary	to	revise	such	guidance,	even	if	such	failure	or	revision	is
	
29Table	of	Contents
seemingly	insignificant,	investors	and	analysts	may	lose	confidence	in	us	and	the	market	value	of	our	common	stock	could	be	materially	and	adversely
affected.
Our	vehicles	make	use	of	lithium-ion	battery	cells,	which	have	been	observed	to	catch	fire	or	vent	smoke	and	flame,	and	such	events
have	raised	concerns,	and	future	events	may	lead	to	additional	concerns,	about	the	batteries	used	in	automotive	applications.
The	battery	pack	in	the	Tesla	Roadster	and	Model	S	makes	use	of	lithium-ion	cells.	We	also	currently	intend	to	make	use	of	lithium-ion	cells	in
battery	packs	that	we	sell	to	Toyota	and	Daimler	as	well	as	any	future	vehicles	we	may	produce.	On	rare	occasions,	lithium-ion	cells	can	rapidly	release
the	energy	they	contain	by	venting	smoke	and	flames	in	a	manner	that	can	ignite	nearby	materials	as	well	as	other	lithium-ion	cells.	Extremely	rare
incidents	of	laptop	computers,	cell	phones	and	electric	vehicle	battery	packs	catching	fire	have	focused	consumer	attention	on	the	safety	of	these	cells.
These	events	have	raised	concerns	about	the	batteries	used	in	automotive	applications.	To	address	these	questions	and	concerns,	a	number	of	cell
manufacturers	are	pursuing	alternative	lithium-ion	battery	cell	chemistries	to	improve	safety.	We	have	designed	the	battery	pack	to	passively	contain
any	single	cell​s	release	of	energy	without	spreading	to	neighboring	cells.	However,	we	have	delivered	only	a	limited	number	of	Tesla	Roadsters	and
Model	S	sedans	to	customers	and	have	limited	field	experience	with	our	vehicles,	especially	Model	S.	We	have	also	only	delivered	a	limited	number	of
battery	packs	to	Toyota	and	Daimler.	Accordingly,	there	can	be	no	assurance	that	a	field	or	testing	failure	of	our	Model	S	or	other	battery	packs	that	we
produce	will	not	occur,	which	could	damage	the	vehicle	or	lead	to	personal	injury	or	death	and	may	subject	us	to	lawsuits.	We	may	have	to	recall	our
vehicles	or	participate	in	a	recall	of	a	vehicle	that	contains	our	battery	packs,	and	redesign	our	battery	packs,	which	would	be	time	consuming	and
expensive.	Also,	negative	public	perceptions	regarding	the	suitability	of	lithium-ion	cells	for	automotive	applications	or	any	future	incident	involving
lithium-ion	cells	such	as	a	vehicle	or	other	fire,	even	if	such	incident	does	not	involve	us,	could	seriously	harm	our	business.
In	addition,	we	store	a	significant	number	of	lithium-ion	cells	at	our	manufacturing	facility.	Any	mishandling	of	battery	cells	may	cause	disruption
to	the	operation	of	our	facilities.	While	we	have	implemented	safety	procedures	related	to	the	handling	of	the	cells,	there	can	be	no	assurance	that	a
safety	issue	or	fire	related	to	the	cells	would	not	disrupt	our	operations.	Such	damage	or	injury	would	likely	lead	to	adverse	publicity	and	potentially	a
safety	recall.	Moreover,	any	failure	of	a	competitor​s	electric	vehicle,	especially	those	that	use	a	high	volume	of	commodity	cells	similar	to	the	Tesla
Roadster	or	Model	S,	may	cause	indirect	adverse	publicity	for	us	and	our	electric	vehicles.	Such	adverse	publicity	would	negatively	affect	our	brand	and
harm	our	business,	prospects,	financial	condition	and	operating	results.
If	our	vehicles	or	vehicles	that	contain	our	powertrains	fail	to	perform	as	expected,	or	if	we	suffer	product	recalls	for	Model	S,	our
ability	to	develop,	market	and	sell	our	electric	vehicles	could	be	harmed.
Our	vehicles	or	vehicles	that	contain	our	powertrains	such	as	the	Toyota	RAV4	EV	or	the	upcoming	Mercedes-Benz	B-Class	EV	may	contain
defects	in	design	and	manufacture	that	may	cause	them	not	to	perform	as	expected	or	that	may	require	repair.	For	example,	our	vehicles	use	a
substantial	amount	of	software	code	to	operate.	Software	products	are	inherently	complex	and	often	contain	defects	and	errors	when	first	introduced,
and	changes	to	software	may	have	unexpected	effects.	Model	S	issues	experienced	by	customers	include	those	related	to	the	software	for	the	17	inch
display	screen,	the	panoramic	roof	and	the	12	volt	battery.	Although	we	are	attempting	to	remedy	the	Model	S	issues	experienced	by	our	customers	in	a
rapid	manner	by	expanding	our	service	centers	and	personnel,	such	efforts	may	not	be	timely	or	up	to	the	satisfaction	of	our	customers.
While	we	have	performed	extensive	internal	testing,	we	currently	have	a	limited	frame	of	reference	by	which	to	evaluate	the	long-term
performance	of	our	battery	packs,	powertrains	and	vehicles.	Specifically,	we	have	only	a	limited	amount	of	data	by	which	to	evaluate	Model	S,	upon
which	our	business	prospects	depend,	due	to	the	fact	that	we	only	recently	began	production	in	June	2012.	There	can	be	no	assurance	that	we	will	be
able	to	detect	and	fix	any	defects	in	the	vehicles	prior	to	their	sale	to	consumers.
	
30Table	of	Contents
We	have	experienced	product	recalls,	including	in	May	2009,	October	2010,	and	June	2013,	all	of	which	were	unrelated	to	our	electric
powertrain.	In	May	2009,	we	initiated	a	product	recall	after	we	determined	that	a	condition	caused	by	insufficient	torquing	of	the	rear	inner	hub	flange
bolt	existed	in	some	of	our	Tesla	Roadsters,	as	a	result	of	a	missed	process	during	the	manufacture	of	the	Tesla	Roadster	glider,	which	is	the	partially
assembled	Tesla	Roadster	that	does	not	contain	our	electric	powertrain.	In	October	2010,	we	initiated	a	product	recall	after	the	12	volt,	low	voltage
auxiliary	cable	in	a	single	vehicle	chafed	against	the	edge	of	a	carbon	fiber	panel	in	the	vehicle	causing	a	short,	smoke	and	possible	fire	behind	the	right
front	headlamp	of	the	vehicle.	In	June	2013,	we	initiated	a	recall	of	slightly	more	than	a	thousand	Model	S	vehicles	to	inspect	and	repair	rear	seat
strikers	that	may	have	been	compromised	during	the	assembly	process.	Rear	seat	strikers	are	used	to	retain	the	rear	seat	backs	in	an	upright	position.
Failure	of	this	component	may	have	resulted	in	the	collapse	of	the	rear	seat	back	during	a	crash.	Although	the	cost	of	this	recall	was	not	material,	and
limited	to	a	small	number	of	total	Model	S​s	produced,	we	may	experience	additional	recalls	in	the	future,	which	could	adversely	affect	our	brand	in	our
target	markets,	as	well	as	our	business,	prospects	and	results	of	operations.
Moreover,	in	January	2014	we	implemented	a	firmware	update	to	address	issues	with	certain	Universal	Mobile	Connector	NEMA	14-50	adapters,
which	are	part	of	the	charging	units	and	are	not	part	of	the	vehicles	themselves,	potentially	overheating	during	charging.	We	further	announced	that	we
will	provide	upgraded	NEMA	14-50	adapters	to	our	customers	as	an	additional	safeguard.	If	such	measures	do	not	adequately	address	the	underlying
concerns,	however,	or	if	the	public	perceives	such	steps	to	be	an	indication	of	safety	concerns	about	the	vehicles,	our	business,	prospects	and	results	of
operations	could	be	harmed.
Our	electric	vehicles	may	not	perform	consistent	with	customers​	expectations	or	consistent	with	other	vehicles	currently	available.	For	example,
our	electric	vehicles	may	not	have	the	durability	or	longevity	of	current	vehicles,	and	may	not	be	as	easy	to	repair	as	other	vehicles	currently	on	the
market.	Additionally,	while	Model	S	recently	achieved	an	overall	five	star	safety	rating	by	NHTSA,	such	rating	is	not	a	guarantee	of	safe	product	design
or	that	any	individual	vehicle	will	be	free	of	any	defect	or	failure.	Any	product	defects	or	any	other	failure	of	our	performance	electric	vehicles	to
perform	as	expected	could	harm	our	reputation	and	result	in	adverse	publicity,	lost	revenue,	delivery	delays,	product	recalls,	product	liability	claims,
harm	to	our	brand	and	reputation,	and	significant	warranty	and	other	expenses,	and	could	have	a	material	adverse	impact	on	our	business,	financial
condition,	operating	results	and	prospects.
We	have	a	history	of	losses	and	have	to	deliver	significant	cost	reductions	to	achieve	sustained,	long-term	profitability	and	long-term
commercial	success.
We	have	had	net	losses	on	a	GAAP	basis	in	each	quarter	since	our	inception,	except	for	the	first	quarter	of	2013.	Even	if	we	are	able	to
successfully	maintain	our	current	Model	S	production	levels,	there	can	be	no	assurance	that	it	will	be	commercially	successful.	In	order	to	maintain
profitability	as	well	as	long-term	commercial	success,	we	must	continue	to	achieve	our	planned	cost	reductions	and	control	our	operational	costs	while
producing	quality	Model	S	vehicles	at	volume,	maintain	and	increase	our	Model	S	delivery	rates	to	match	our	current	and	anticipated	Model	S
production	capacity,	maintain	strong	demand	for	Model	S	in	the	U.S.,	and	grow	demand	for	Model	S	abroad	in	Europe	and	Asia.	Failure	to	do	one	or
more	of	these	things	could	prevent	us	from	achieving	sustained,	long-term	profitability.
The	introduction	of	our	resale	value	guarantee	may	result	in	lower	revenues	and	profits	and	exposes	us	to	resale	risk	to	the	extent
many	customers	elect	to	return	their	vehicles	to	us	and	the	residual	values	of	these	cars	are	below	the	guaranteed	value.
We	recently	began	offering	a	resale	value	guarantee	to	all	customers	who	purchased	a	Model	S	in	the	United	States	and	Canada	and	financed
their	vehicle	through	one	of	our	specified	commercial	banking	partners.	Under	the	program,	Model	S	customers	have	the	option	of	selling	their	vehicle
back	to	us	during	the	period	of	36	to	39	months	following	delivery	for	a	pre-determined	resale	value.	As	a	result	of	this	resale	value	guarantee	and
customers	having	the	option	of	selling	their	vehicles	to	us,	we	apply	lease	accounting	to	such	purchases,	which
	
31Table	of	Contents
defers	the	recognition	of	the	associated	revenues	over	time	instead	of	full	recognition	at	vehicle	delivery.	During	the	fourth	quarter	of	2013,	we
provided	the	resale	value	guarantee	to	approximately	40%	of	Model	S	deliveries	in	the	United	States	and	we	expect	the	penetration	rate	to	increase
with	the	expansion	of	our	financing	programs	in	additional	states	in	the	United	States	and	in	international	markets.	Although	the	resale	value	guarantee
does	not	impact	our	cash	flows	and	liquidity	at	the	time	of	vehicle	delivery,	a	significant	uptake	under	this	program	could	have	a	significant	adverse
impact	on	our	near	term	GAAP	revenues	and	operating	results.	Furthermore,	while	we	do	not	assume	any	credit	risk	related	to	the	customer,	we	are
exposed	to	the	risk	that	the	vehicles​	resale	value	may	be	lower	than	our	estimates	and	the	volume	of	vehicles	returned	to	us	may	be	higher	than	our
estimates,	which	could	impact	our	future	cash	flows	and/or	profitability.	Currently,	there	is	only	a	very	limited	secondary	market	for	our	electric
vehicles	in	particular,	and	electric	vehicles	in	general,	on	which	to	base	our	estimates,	and	such	a	secondary	market	may	not	develop	in	the	future.	Our
residual	value	and	return	volume	estimates	could	prove	to	be	incorrect,	either	of	which	could	harm	our	financial	condition	and	operating	results.
Increases	in	costs,	disruption	of	supply	or	shortage	of	raw	materials,	in	particular	lithium-ion	cells,	could	harm	our	business.
We	may	experience	increases	in	the	cost	or	a	sustained	interruption	in	the	supply	or	shortage	of	raw	materials.	Any	such	increase	or	supply
interruption	could	materially	and	negatively	impact	our	business,	prospects,	financial	condition	and	operating	results.	We	use	various	raw	materials	in
our	business	including	aluminum,	steel,	nickel	and	copper.	The	prices	for	these	raw	materials	fluctuate	depending	on	market	conditions	and	global
demand	for	these	materials	and	could	adversely	affect	our	business	and	operating	results.	For	instance,	we	are	exposed	to	multiple	risks	relating	to
lithium-ion	cells.	These	risks	include:
	
	
	
the	inability	or	unwillingness	of	current	battery	manufacturers	to	build	or	operate	battery	cell	manufacturing	plants	to	supply	the	numbers
of	lithium-ion	cells	required	to	support	the	growth	of	the	electric	or	plug-in	hybrid	vehicle	industry	as	demand	for	such	cells	increases;
	
	
	
disruption	in	the	supply	of	cells	due	to	quality	issues	or	recalls	by	battery	cell	manufacturers;
	
	
	
an	increase	in	the	cost	of	raw	materials,	such	as	nickel	used	in	lithium-ion	cells,	or	aluminum	used	in	the	body	of	Model	S;	and
	
	
	
fluctuations	in	the	value	of	the	Japanese	yen	against	the	U.S.	dollar	as	our	battery	cell	purchases	are	currently	denominated	in	Japanese
yen.
Our	business	is	dependent	on	the	continued	supply	of	battery	cells	for	our	vehicles​	battery	packs	as	well	as	for	the	battery	packs	we	produce	for
other	automobile	manufacturers.	While	we	believe	several	sources	of	the	battery	cells	are	available	for	such	battery	packs,	we	have	fully	qualified	only
one	supplier	for	the	cells	used	in	such	battery	packs	and	have	very	limited	flexibility	in	changing	cell	suppliers.	Any	disruption	in	the	supply	of	battery
cells	from	such	vendors	could	disrupt	production	of	Model	S	and	of	the	battery	packs	we	produce	for	other	automobile	manufacturers	until	such	time	as
a	different	supplier	is	fully	qualified.	Furthermore,	fluctuations	or	shortages	in	petroleum	and	other	economic	conditions	may	cause	us	to	experience
significant	increases	in	freight	charges	and	raw	material	costs.	Substantial	increases	in	the	prices	for	our	raw	materials	or	prices	charged	to	us,	such	as
those	charged	by	our	battery	cell	manufacturers,	would	increase	our	operating	costs,	and	could	reduce	our	margins	if	we	cannot	recoup	the	increased
costs	through	increased	electric	vehicle	prices.	There	can	be	no	assurance	that	we	will	be	able	to	recoup	increasing	costs	of	raw	materials	by	increasing
vehicle	prices.	Any	attempts	to	increase	Model	S	prices	in	response	to	increased	raw	material	costs	could	be	viewed	negatively	by	our	customers,	result
in	cancellations	of	Model	S	reservations	and	could	materially	and	adversely	affect	our	brand,	image,	business,	prospects	and	operating	results.
	
32Table	of	Contents
Our	success	could	be	harmed	by	negative	publicity	regarding	our	company	or	our	products,	particularly	Model	S.
Occasionally,	third	parties	evaluate	or	publish	stories	regarding	our	vehicles.	For	example,	in	2013	the	New	York	Times	published	a	review	of	the
Model	S	and	our	Supercharger	network	on	a	route	from	Washington,	D.C.	to	Boston.	Despite	instructions	to	the	contrary,	the	reporter	did	not	follow	all
recommendations,	including	failing	to	fully	recharge	the	vehicle	at	one	of	the	two	Supercharger	locations	along	the	route.	As	a	result,	the	Model	S	failed
to	complete	the	journey	under	its	own	power	and	the	NY	Times	reporter	published	a	negative	review.	While	there	were	subsequent	corrections	by	the
NY	Times	Public	Editor	regarding	the	reporter​s	failure	to	conform	to	all	Tesla	recommendations,	as	well	as	problems	with	​precision	and	judgment,​	the
original	story	still	created	a	negative	public	perception	about	Model	S,	its	capabilities	and	the	Supercharger	network.	Such	comments	can	and	did
negatively	impact	sales	in	that	region.	In	addition,	citation	to	the	original	NY	Times	article	has	continued	long	after	its	publication.	To	the	extent	that
these	comments	are	believed	by	the	public,	this	may	cause	current	or	potential	customers	not	to	purchase	our	electric	vehicles,	including	Model	S	and
Model	X,	which	can	materially	and	adversely	affect	our	business,	operating	results,	financial	conditions	and	prospects.
Our	distribution	model	is	different	from	the	predominant	current	distribution	model	for	automobile	manufacturers,	which	makes
evaluating	our	business,	operating	results	and	future	prospects	difficult.
Our	distribution	model	is	not	common	in	the	automobile	industry	today,	particularly	in	the	United	States.	We	plan	to	continue	to	sell	our
performance	electric	vehicles	in	company-owned	Tesla	stores	and	over	the	internet.	This	model	of	vehicle	distribution	is	relatively	new	and	unproven,
especially	in	the	United	States,	and	subjects	us	to	substantial	risk	as	it	requires,	in	the	aggregate,	a	significant	expenditure	and	provides	for	slower
expansion	of	our	distribution	and	sales	systems	than	may	be	possible	by	utilizing	a	more	traditional	dealer	franchise	system.	For	example,	we	will	not	be
able	to	utilize	long-established	sales	channels	developed	through	a	franchise	system	to	increase	our	sales	volume,	which	may	harm	our	business,
prospects,	financial	condition	and	operating	results.	Moreover,	we	will	be	competing	with	companies	with	well-established	distribution	channels.
We	have	opened	Tesla	stores	in	the	United	States,	Europe	and	the	Asia	Pacific	Region,	many	of	which	have	been	open	for	only	a	short	period	of
time.	We	have	relatively	limited	experience	distributing	and	selling	our	performance	vehicles	through	our	Tesla	stores.	Our	success	will	depend	in	large
part	on	our	ability	to	effectively	develop	our	own	sales	channels	and	marketing	strategies.	Implementing	our	business	model	is	subject	to	numerous
significant	challenges,	including	obtaining	permits	and	approvals	from	local	and	state	authorities,	and	we	may	not	be	successful	in	addressing	these
challenges.	The	concept	and	layout	of	our	interactive	stores,	which	are	typically	located	in	high	profile	retail	centers,	is	different	than	what	has
previously	been	used	in	automotive	sales.	We	do	not	know	whether	our	store	strategy	will	continue	to	be	successful.	We	may	incur	additional	costs	in
order	to	improve	or	change	our	retail	strategy.
Other	aspects	of	our	distribution	model	also	differ	from	those	used	by	traditional	automobile	manufacturers.	For	example,	we	do	not	anticipate
that	we	will	ever	carry	a	significant	amount	of	Model	S	inventory	at	our	stores	and	customers	may	need	to	wait	up	to	a	few	months	from	the	time	they
place	an	order	until	the	time	they	receive	their	vehicle.	This	type	of	custom	manufacturing	is	unusual	in	the	premium	sedan	market	in	the	United	States
and	it	is	unproven	whether	the	average	customer	will	be	willing	to	wait	this	amount	of	time	for	such	a	vehicle.	If	customers	do	not	embrace	this
ordering	and	retail	experience,	our	business	will	be	harmed.
We	may	become	subject	to	product	liability	claims,	which	could	harm	our	financial	condition	and	liquidity	if	we	are	not	able	to
successfully	defend	or	insure	against	such	claims.
We	may	become	subject	to	product	liability	claims,	which	could	harm	our	business,	prospects,	operating	results	and	financial	condition.	The
automobile	industry	experiences	significant	product	liability	claims	and	we	face	inherent	risk	of	exposure	to	claims	in	the	event	our	vehicles	do	not
perform	as	expected	or	malfunction	resulting	in	personal	injury	or	death.	Our	risks	in	this	area	are	particularly	pronounced	given	the	limited	number
	
33Table	of	Contents
of	vehicles	delivered	to	date	and	limited	field	experience	of	those	vehicles,	including	Model	S.	A	successful	product	liability	claim	against	us	could
require	us	to	pay	a	substantial	monetary	award.	Moreover,	a	product	liability	claim	could	generate	substantial	negative	publicity	about	our	vehicles	and
business	and	inhibit	or	prevent	commercialization	of	other	future	vehicle	candidates	which	would	have	material	adverse	effect	on	our	brand,	business,
prospects	and	operating	results.	We	self-insure	against	the	risk	of	product	liability	claims.	Any	lawsuit	seeking	significant	monetary	damages	may	have
a	material	adverse	effect	on	our	reputation,	business	and	financial	condition.	We	may	not	be	able	to	secure	additional	product	liability	insurance
coverage	on	commercially	acceptable	terms	or	at	reasonable	costs	when	needed,	particularly	if	we	do	face	liability	for	our	products	and	are	forced	to
make	a	claim	under	such	a	policy.
We	are	currently	expanding	and	improving	our	information	technology	systems.	If	these	implementations	are	not	successful,	our
business	and	operations	could	be	disrupted	and	our	operating	results	could	be	harmed.
We	are	currently	expanding	and	improving	our	information	technology	systems,	including	implementing	new	internally	developed	systems,	to
assist	us	in	the	management	of	our	business.	In	particular,	our	volume	production	of	Model	S	in	the	U.S.	and	abroad	necessitates	continued
development,	maintenance	and	improvement	of	our	information	technology	systems,	which	include	product	data	management,	procurement,	inventory
management,	production	planning	and	execution,	sales,	service	and	logistics,	dealer	management,	financial,	tax	and	regulatory	compliance	systems.
These	systems	support	our	operations	and	enable	us	to	produce	Model	S	in	volume.	The	implementation,	maintenance	and	improvement	of	these
systems	require	significant	management	time,	support	and	cost.	Moreover,	there	are	inherent	risks	associated	with	developing,	improving	and
expanding	our	core	systems	as	well	as	implementing	new	systems,	including	the	disruption	of	our	data	management,	procurement	processes,
manufacturing	execution,	finance,	supply	chain	and	sales	and	service	processes	that	may	affect	our	ability	to	manage	our	data	and	inventory,	procure
parts	or	supplies	or	manufacture,	sell,	deliver	and	service	vehicles,	or	achieve	and	maintain	compliance	with,	or	realize	available	benefits	under,	tax
laws	and	other	applicable	regulations.	We	cannot	be	sure	that	these	expanded	systems	or	their	required	functionality	will	be	fully	or	effectively
implemented	on	a	timely	basis,	if	at	all,	or	maintained.	If	we	do	not	successfully	implement,	improve	or	maintain	these	systems,	our	operations	may	be
disrupted	and	our	operating	results	could	be	harmed.	In	addition,	these	systems	or	their	functionality	may	not	operate	as	we	expect	them	to,	and	we
may	be	required	to	expend	significant	resources	to	correct	problems	or	find	alternative	sources	for	performing	these	functions.
We	may	not	realize	the	benefits	of	our	Supercharger	network,	which	could	harm	our	business,	brand	and	operating	results.
We	have	only	recently	started	to	deploy	Tesla	Superchargers	in	the	United	States	and	Europe.	Tesla	Superchargers	are	a	network	of	charging
stations	designed	to	provide	fast-charge	capability	to	owners	of	Model	S	vehicles	with	the	Supercharging	option.	We	intend	to	expand	the	Tesla
Supercharger	network	throughout	the	U.S.,	Canada,	Europe	and	Asia,	but	we	may	be	unable	to	do	so	due	to	a	number	of	factors,	including	the	inability
to	secure,	or	delays	in	securing,	suitable	locations	and	permits,	problems	negotiating	leases	with	landowners	or	obtaining	required	permits	for	such
locations,	difficulties	in	interfacing	with	the	infrastructures	of	various	utility	companies	and	greater	than	expected	costs	and	difficulties	of	installing,
maintaining	and	operating	the	network.
We	may	also	be	unable	to	expand	the	Supercharger	network	as	fast	as	we	intend	or	as	the	public	expects,	or	to	place	the	charging	stations	in
places	our	customers	believe	to	be	optimal.	Furthermore,	even	where	Superchargers	exist,	the	increasing	number	of	Model	S	vehicles	may	oversaturate
the	available	charging	bays	at	such	Superchargers,	leading	to	increased	wait	times	and	dissatisfaction	for	customers.	In	addition,	as	we	have	announced
that	we	will	not	be	charging	our	customers	to	access	this	network	in	addition	to	what	they	have	already	paid	for	their	vehicles,	any	significant
unexpected	costs	that	we	encounter	will	entirely	be	borne	by	us	and	may	harm	our	operating	results.	Although	our	Supercharger	network	is	intended	to
address	customer	concerns	regarding	long-distance	travel,	this	network	may	not	result	in	increased	reservations	or	sales	of	Model	S
	
34Table	of	Contents
or	future	vehicles.	If	our	Supercharger	network	is	not	expanded	as	currently	planned	or	as	quickly	as	planned,	we	may	not	realize	the	benefits	of	our
Supercharger	network	and	our	business	and	operating	results	could	be	materially	affected.
If	we	are	unable	to	design,	develop,	market	and	sell	new	electric	vehicles	that	address	additional	market	opportunities,	our	business,
prospects	and	operating	results	will	suffer.
We	may	not	be	able	to	successfully	develop	new	electric	vehicles,	address	new	market	segments	or	develop	a	significantly	broader	customer
base.	In	2012,	we	publicly	revealed	an	early	prototype	of	the	Model	X	crossover	as	the	first	vehicle	we	intend	to	develop	by	leveraging	the	Model	S
platform.	We	have	also	announced	our	intent	to	develop	Gen	III	based	on	a	smaller	platform	than	the	Model	S	which	we	expect	to	produce	at	the	Tesla
Factory	after	the	introduction	of	Model	X.	The	Gen	III	is	currently	planned	to	be	a	lower	cost,	smaller	sedan	designed	for	the	mass	market.	Therefore,
we	intend	to	the	manufacture	Gen	III	in	significantly	higher	volumes	than	Model	S	and	there	can	be	no	assurance	we	can	successfully	scale	our	business
accordingly.	In	addition,	we	have	not	yet	finalized	the	design,	engineering	or	component	sourcing	plans	for	Gen	III	and	there	are	no	assurances	that	we
will	be	able	to	bring	this	vehicle	to	market	at	the	price	point	and	in	the	volume	that	we	currently	intend,	if	at	all.	The	market	for	vehicles	in	the	price
range	we	expect	for	Gen	III	is	much	more	competitive	than	for	Models	S	and	X,	and	therefore	margins	are	likely	to	be	lower	compared	to	Model	S
margins.	Our	efforts	to	manufacture	and	sell	a	sufficiently	profitable	Gen	III	may	not	be	as	successful,	and	therefore	our	business,	prospects	and
operating	results	may	suffer.	Our	failure	to	address	additional	market	opportunities	would	harm	our	business,	prospects,	financial	condition	and
operating	results.
We	may	experience	significant	delays	in	the	design,	manufacture	and	launch	of	Model	X	which	could	harm	our	business	and	prospects.
We	expect	to	have	Model	X	prototypes	with	production	design	on	the	road	by	the	end	of	2014	and	begin	volume	deliveries	to	customers	in	the
spring	of	2015.	Any	significant	delay	in	the	design,	manufacture	and	launch	of	Model	X	could	materially	damage	our	brand,	business,	prospects,
financial	condition	and	operating	results.	Automobile	manufacturers	often	experience	delays	in	the	design,	manufacture	and	commercial	release	of	new
vehicle	models.	We	experienced	significant	delays	in	launching	the	Tesla	Roadster,	which	resulted	in	additional	costs	and	adverse	publicity	for	our
business.	In	2012,	we	also	experienced	delays	in	the	ramp	of	Model	S.	We	may	experience	further	delays	in	launching	Model	X	which	may	result	in	cost
overruns	and	adverse	publicity.	We	are	in	the	design	and	development	stages	of	Model	X.	Furthermore,	we	have	not	yet	evaluated,	qualified	or	selected
all	of	our	suppliers	for	the	planned	production	of	Model	X.	We	may	not	be	able	to	engage	suppliers	for	the	components	in	a	timely	manner,	at	an
acceptable	price	or	in	the	necessary	quantities.	We	will	also	need	to	do	extensive	testing	to	ensure	that	Model	X	is	in	compliance	with	applicable
NHTSA	safety	regulations	and	obtain	EPA	and	CARB	certification	to	emission	regulations	prior	to	beginning	volume	production	and	delivery	of	the
vehicles.	In	addition,	we	have	limited	resources	and,	to	the	extent	that	such	engineering	and	manufacturing	resources	are	devoted	to	Model	S	or	are
otherwise	engaged	such	as	in	development	services	activities,	we	may	have	difficulty	designing	and	delivering	Model	X	in	a	timely	manner.	If	we	are	not
able	to	manufacture	and	deliver	Model	X	in	a	timely	manner	and	consistent	with	our	production	timeline,	budget	and	cost	projections,	our	business,
prospects,	operating	results	and	financial	condition	will	be	negatively	impacted	and	our	ability	to	grow	our	business	will	be	harmed.
The	automotive	market	is	highly	competitive,	and	we	may	not	be	successful	in	competing	in	this	industry.	We	currently	face
competition	from	new	and	established	competitors	and	expect	to	face	competition	from	others	in	the	future.
The	worldwide	automotive	market,	particularly	for	alternative	fuel	vehicles,	is	highly	competitive	today	and	we	expect	it	will	become	even	more	so
in	the	future.	Other	automobile	manufacturers	entered	the	electric	vehicle	market	at	the	end	of	2010	and	we	expect	additional	competitors	to	enter	this
market.	With	respect	to	Model	S,	we	face	competition	from	existing	and	future	automobile	manufacturers	in	the	extremely	competitive	premium	sedan
market,	including	Audi,	BMW,	Lexus	and	Mercedes.
	
35Table	of	Contents
Many	established	and	new	automobile	manufacturers	have	entered	or	have	announced	plans	to	enter	the	alternative	fuel	vehicle	market.
Mitsubishi	has	been	selling	its	fully	electric	iMiEV	in	Japan	since	April	2010	and	Nissan	has	been	selling	the	fully	electric	Nissan	Leaf	since	December
2010.	In	the	past	few	years,	Ford	has	introduced	the	fully	electric	Ford	Focus,	Renault	has	introduced	the	fully	electric	Renault	Fluence,	and	Fiat	has
introduced	the	Fiat	500e,	among	others.	Moreover,	BMW	intends	to	introduce	the	fully	electric	BMW	i3	in	the	second	quarter	of	2014	and	Volkswagen
plans	to	introduce	its	fully	electric	e-Golf	and	in	2014.	In	addition,	several	manufacturers,	including	General	Motors,	Toyota,	Ford,	and	Honda,	are	each
selling	hybrid	vehicles,	and	certain	of	these	manufacturers	have	announced	plug-in	versions	of	their	hybrid	vehicles.	For	example,	in	December	2010,
General	Motors	introduced	the	Chevrolet	Volt,	which	is	a	plug-in	hybrid	vehicle	that	operates	purely	on	electric	power	for	a	limited	number	of	miles,	at
which	time	an	internal	combustion	engine	engages	to	recharge	the	battery	pack.
Moreover,	it	has	been	reported	that	many	of	the	other	large	OEMs,	such	as	Daimler,	Lexus	and	Audi,	are	also	developing	electric	vehicles.
Several	new	start-ups	have	also	entered	or	announced	plans	to	enter	the	market	for	performance	electric	vehicles.	Finally,	electric	vehicles	have
already	been	brought	to	market	in	China	and	other	foreign	countries	and	we	expect	a	number	of	those	manufacturers	to	enter	the	United	States	market
as	well.
Most	of	our	current	and	potential	competitors	have	significantly	greater	financial,	technical,	manufacturing,	marketing	and	other	resources	than
we	do	and	may	be	able	to	devote	greater	resources	to	the	design,	development,	manufacturing,	distribution,	promotion,	sale	and	support	of	their
products.	Virtually	all	of	our	competitors	have	more	extensive	customer	bases	and	broader	customer	and	industry	relationships	than	we	do.	In	addition,
almost	all	of	these	companies	have	longer	operating	histories	and	greater	name	recognition	than	we	do.	Our	competitors	may	be	in	a	stronger	position
to	respond	quickly	to	new	technologies	and	may	be	able	to	design,	develop,	market	and	sell	their	products	more	effectively.	Additionally,	we	have	not	in
the	past,	and	do	not	currently,	offer	customary	discounts	on	our	vehicles	like	most	of	our	competitors	do.
We	expect	competition	in	our	industry	to	intensify	in	the	future	in	light	of	increased	demand	for	alternative	fuel	vehicles,	continuing	globalization
and	consolidation	in	the	worldwide	automotive	industry.	Factors	affecting	competition	include	product	quality	and	features,	innovation	and	development
time,	pricing,	reliability,	safety,	fuel	economy,	customer	service	and	financing	terms.	Increased	competition	may	lead	to	lower	vehicle	unit	sales	and
increased	inventory,	which	may	result	in	a	further	downward	price	pressure	and	adversely	affect	our	business,	financial	condition,	operating	results	and
prospects.	Our	ability	to	successfully	compete	in	our	industry	will	be	fundamental	to	our	future	success	in	existing	and	new	markets	and	our	market
share.	There	can	be	no	assurances	that	we	will	be	able	to	compete	successfully	in	our	markets.	If	our	competitors	introduce	new	cars	or	services	that
compete	with	or	surpass	the	quality,	price	or	performance	of	our	cars	or	services,	we	may	be	unable	to	satisfy	existing	customers	or	attract	new
customers	at	the	prices	and	levels	that	would	allow	us	to	generate	attractive	rates	of	return	on	our	investment.	Increased	competition	could	result	in
price	reductions	and	revenue	shortfalls,	loss	of	customers	and	loss	of	market	share,	which	could	harm	our	business,	prospects,	financial	condition	and
operating	results.
Demand	in	the	automobile	industry	is	highly	volatile,	which	may	lead	to	lower	vehicle	unit	sales	and	adversely	affect	our	operating
results.
Volatility	of	demand	in	the	automobile	industry	may	materially	and	adversely	affect	our	business,	prospects,	operating	results	and	financial
condition.	The	markets	in	which	we	currently	compete	and	plan	to	compete	in	the	future	have	been	subject	to	considerable	volatility	in	demand	in
recent	periods.	For	example,	according	to	automotive	industry	sources,	sales	of	passenger	vehicles	in	North	America	during	the	fourth	quarter	of	2008
were	over	30%	lower	than	those	during	the	same	period	in	the	prior	year.	Demand	for	automobile	sales	depends	to	a	large	extent	on	general,	economic,
political	and	social	conditions	in	a	given	market	and	the	introduction	of	new	vehicles	and	technologies.	As	a	new	automobile	manufacturer	and	low
volume	producer,	we	have	less	financial	resources	than	more	established	automobile	manufacturers	to	withstand	changes	in	the	market	and	disruptions
in	demand.	As	our	business	grows,	economic	conditions	and	trends	in	other	countries	and	regions	where	we	currently	or	will	sell
	
36Table	of	Contents
our	electric	vehicles,	such	as	Europe	and	Asia,	will	impact	our	business,	prospects	and	operating	results	as	well.	Demand	for	our	electric	vehicles	may
also	be	affected	by	factors	directly	impacting	automobile	price	or	the	cost	of	purchasing	and	operating	automobiles,	such	as	sales	and	financing
incentives,	prices	of	raw	materials	and	parts	and	components,	cost	of	fuel	and	governmental	regulations,	including	tariffs,	import	regulation	and	other
taxes.	Volatility	in	demand	may	lead	to	lower	vehicle	unit	sales	and	increased	inventory,	which	may	result	in	further	downward	price	pressure	and
adversely	affect	our	business,	prospects,	financial	condition	and	operating	results.	These	effects	may	have	a	more	pronounced	impact	on	our	business
given	our	relatively	smaller	scale	and	financial	resources	as	compared	to	many	incumbent	automobile	manufacturers.
Our	financial	results	may	vary	significantly	from	period-to-period	due	to	the	seasonality	of	our	business,	fluctuations	in	our	operating
costs	and	other	factors.
Our	operating	results	may	vary	significantly	from	period-to-period	due	to	many	factors,	including	seasonal	factors	that	may	have	an	effect	on	the
demand	for	our	electric	vehicles.	Demand	for	new	cars	in	the	automobile	industry	typically	declines	over	the	winter	season,	while	sales	are	generally
higher	during	the	spring	and	summer	months.	Sales	of	the	Tesla	Roadster	fluctuated	on	a	seasonal	basis	with	increased	sales	during	the	spring	and
summer	months	in	our	second	and	third	fiscal	quarters	relative	to	our	fourth	and	first	fiscal	quarters.	We	note	that,	in	general,	automotive	sales	tend	to
decline	over	the	winter	season	and	we	anticipate	that	our	sales	of	Model	S	and	future	models	may	have	similar	seasonality.	However,	our	limited
operating	history	makes	it	difficult	for	us	to	judge	the	exact	nature	or	extent	of	the	seasonality	of	our	business.	Also,	any	unusually	severe	weather
conditions	in	some	markets	may	impact	demand	for	our	vehicles.	Our	operating	results	could	also	suffer	if	we	do	not	achieve	revenue	consistent	with
our	expectations	for	this	seasonal	demand	because	many	of	our	expenses	are	based	on	anticipated	levels	of	annual	revenue.
In	addition,	we	expect	our	period-to-period	operating	results	to	vary	based	on	our	operating	costs	which	we	anticipate	will	increase	significantly
in	future	periods	as	we,	among	other	things,	design,	develop	and	manufacture	Model	X	and	future	products,	increase	the	production	capacity	at	our
manufacturing	facilities	to	produce	vehicles	at	higher	volumes,	develop	the	Tesla	Gigafactory,	open	new	Tesla	service	centers	with	maintenance	and
repair	capabilities,	open	new	Supercharger	locations,	increase	our	sales	and	marketing	activities,	and	increase	our	general	and	administrative	functions
to	support	our	growing	operations.	As	a	result	of	these	factors,	we	believe	that	quarter-to-quarter	comparisons	of	our	operating	results,	especially	in	the
short-term,	are	not	necessarily	meaningful	and	that	these	comparisons	cannot	be	relied	upon	as	indicators	of	future	performance.	Moreover,	our
operating	results	may	not	meet	expectations	of	equity	research	analysts	or	investors.	If	any	of	this	occurs,	the	trading	price	of	our	common	stock	could
fall	substantially,	either	suddenly	or	over	time.
If	we	are	unable	to	establish	and	maintain	confidence	in	our	long-term	business	prospects	among	consumers,	analysts	and	within	our
industry,	then	our	financial	condition,	operating	results,	business	prospects	and	stock	price	may	suffer	materially.
Our	vehicles	are	highly	technical	products	that	require	maintenance	and	support.	If	we	were	to	cease	or	cut	back	operations,	even	years	from
now,	buyers	of	our	vehicles	from	years	earlier	might	have	much	more	difficulty	in	maintaining	their	vehicles	and	obtaining	satisfactory	support.	As	a
result,	consumers	may	be	less	likely	to	purchase	our	vehicles	now	if	they	are	not	convinced	that	our	business	will	succeed	or	that	our	operations	will
continue	for	many	years.	Similarly,	suppliers	and	other	third	parties	will	be	less	likely	to	invest	time	and	resources	in	developing	business	relationships
with	us	if	they	are	not	convinced	that	our	business	will	succeed.	If	we	are	required	to	curtail	our	expansion	plans	in	the	future	as	we	have	done	in	the
past,	this	may	result	in	negative	perceptions	regarding	our	long-term	business	prospects	and	may	lead	to	cancellations	of	Model	S	or	Model	X	orders
and	reservations.
Accordingly,	in	order	to	build	and	maintain	our	business,	we	must	maintain	confidence	among	customers,	suppliers,	analysts	and	other	parties	in
our	liquidity	and	long-term	business	prospects.	In	contrast	to	some	more
	
37Table	of	Contents
established	automakers,	we	believe	that,	in	our	case,	the	task	of	maintaining	such	confidence	may	be	particularly	complicated	by	factors	such	as	the
following:
	
	
	
our	limited	operating	history;
	
	
	
unfamiliarity	with	or	uncertainty	about	Model	X;
	
	
	
uncertainty	about	the	long-term	marketplace	acceptance	of	alternative	fuel	vehicles	generally,	or	electric	vehicles	specifically;
	
	
	
the	perceived	prospect	that	we	will	need	ongoing	infusions	of	external	capital	to	fund	our	planned	operations;
	
	
	
the	size	of	our	expansion	plans	in	comparison	to	our	existing	capital	base	and	scope	and	history	of	operations;	and
	
	
	
the	prospect	or	actual	emergence	of	direct,	sustained	competitive	pressure	from	more	established	automakers,	which	may	be	more	likely	if
our	initial	efforts	are	perceived	to	be	commercially	successful.
Many	of	these	factors	are	largely	outside	our	control,	and	any	negative	perceptions	about	our	long-term	business	prospects,	even	if	exaggerated
or	unfounded,	would	likely	harm	our	business	and	make	it	more	difficult	to	raise	additional	funds	when	needed.
We	may	need	or	want	to	raise	additional	funds	and	these	funds	may	not	be	available	to	us	when	we	need	them.	If	we	cannot	raise
additional	funds	when	we	need	or	want	them,	our	operations	and	prospects	could	be	negatively	affected.
The	design,	manufacture,	sale	and	servicing	of	automobiles	is	a	capital	intensive	business.	We	expect	that	our	principal	sources	of	liquidity	will
provide	us	adequate	liquidity	based	on	our	current	plans.	However,	until	we	are	consistently	generating	positive	free	cash	flows,	if	the	costs	for
developing	and	manufacturing	Model	X	exceed	our	expectations	or	if	we	incur	any	significant	unplanned	expenses	or	embark	on	or	accelerate	new
significant	strategic	investments,	such	as	the	Tesla	Gigafactory,	we	may	need	to	raise	additional	funds	through	the	issuance	of	equity,	equity-related	or
debt	securities	or	through	obtaining	credit	from	government	or	financial	institutions.	This	capital	will	be	necessary	to	fund	our	ongoing	operations,
continue	research	and	development	projects,	including	those	for	our	planned	Model	X	crossover	and	Gen	III	vehicle,	establish	sales	and	service	centers,
build	and	deploy	Superchargers	and	to	make	the	investments	in	tooling	and	manufacturing	capital	required	to	introduce	Model	X.	We	cannot	be	certain
that	additional	funds	will	be	available	to	us	on	favorable	terms	when	required,	or	at	all.	If	we	cannot	raise	additional	funds	when	we	need	them,	our
financial	condition,	results	of	operations,	business	and	prospects	could	be	materially	adversely	affected.
We	have	limited	experience	servicing	our	vehicles	and	we	are	using	a	different	service	model	from	the	one	typically	used	in	the
industry.	If	we	are	unable	to	address	the	service	requirements	of	our	existing	and	future	customers,	our	business	will	be	materially	and
adversely	affected.
If	we	are	unable	to	successfully	address	the	service	requirements	of	our	existing	and	future	customers	and	meet	customer	expectations	regarding
service,	our	business	and	prospects	will	be	materially	and	adversely	affected.	We	have	limited	experience	servicing	our	vehicles.	Servicing	electric
vehicles	is	different	than	servicing	vehicles	with	internal	combustion	engines	and	requires	specialized	skills,	including	high	voltage	training	and
servicing	techniques.	If	we	are	unable	to	satisfactorily	service	our	customers	and	the	various	service	related	issues	that	they	are	facing	and	may	face	in
the	future,	our	ability	to	generate	customer	loyalty,	grow	our	business	and	sell	additional	Model	S	vehicles	could	be	impaired.
We	service	our	performance	electric	vehicles	through	our	company-owned	Tesla	service	centers,	certain	of	our	stores,	and	through	our	mobile
service	technicians	known	as	the	Tesla	Rangers.	However,	certain	service	centers	have	been	open	for	short	periods,	and	to	date	we	have	only	limited
experience	servicing	our	performance	vehicles	at	these	locations.	We	will	need	to	open	new	standalone	service	centers	and	hire	and	train	significant
numbers	of	new
	
38Table	of	Contents
employees	to	staff	these	service	centers	and	act	as	Tesla	Rangers,	in	order	to	successfully	maintain	our	fleet	of	delivered	performance	electric	vehicles.
We	only	implemented	our	Tesla	Rangers	program	in	October	2009	and	have	limited	experience	in	deploying	them	to	service	our	customers​	vehicles.
There	can	be	no	assurance	that	these	service	arrangements	or	our	limited	experience	servicing	our	vehicles	will	adequately	address	the	service
requirements	of	our	customers	to	their	satisfaction,	or	that	we	will	have	sufficient	resources	to	meet	these	service	requirements	in	a	timely	manner	as
the	volume	of	vehicles	we	are	able	to	deliver	annually	increases.
We	do	not	expect	to	be	able	to	open	Tesla	service	centers	in	all	the	geographic	areas	in	which	our	existing	and	potential	customers	may	reside.	In
order	to	address	the	service	needs	of	customers	who	are	not	in	geographical	proximity	to	our	service	centers,	we	plan	to	either	transport	those	vehicles
to	the	nearest	Tesla	store	or	service	center	for	servicing	or	deploy	our	mobile	Tesla	Rangers	to	service	the	vehicles	at	the	customer​s	location.	These
special	arrangements	may	be	expensive	and	we	may	not	be	able	to	recoup	the	costs	of	providing	these	services	to	our	customers.	In	addition,	a	number
of	potential	customers	may	choose	not	to	purchase	our	vehicles	because	of	the	lack	of	a	more	widespread	service	network.	If	we	do	not	adequately
address	our	customers​	service	needs,	our	brand	and	reputation	will	be	adversely	affected,	which	in	turn,	could	have	a	material	and	adverse	impact	on
our	business,	financial	condition,	operating	results	and	prospects.
Traditional	automobile	manufacturers	in	the	United	States	do	not	provide	maintenance	and	repair	services	directly.	Consumers	must	rather
service	their	vehicles	through	franchised	dealerships	or	through	third	party	maintenance	service	providers.	We	do	not	have	any	such	arrangements	with
third	party	service	providers	and	it	is	unclear	when	or	even	whether	such	third	party	service	providers	will	be	able	to	acquire	the	expertise	to	service
our	vehicles.	At	this	point,	we	anticipate	that	we	will	be	providing	substantially	all	of	the	service	for	our	vehicles	for	the	foreseeable	future.	As	our
vehicles	are	placed	in	more	locations,	we	may	encounter	negative	reactions	from	our	consumers	who	are	frustrated	that	they	cannot	use	local	service
stations	to	the	same	extent	as	they	have	with	their	conventional	automobiles	and	this	frustration	may	result	in	negative	publicity	and	reduced	sales,
thereby	harming	our	business	and	prospects.
In	addition,	the	motor	vehicle	industry	laws	in	many	states	require	that	service	facilities	be	available	with	respect	to	vehicles	physically	sold	from
locations	in	the	state.	Whether	these	laws	would	also	require	that	service	facilities	be	available	with	respect	to	vehicles	sold	over	the	internet	to
consumers	in	a	state	in	which	we	have	no	physical	presence	is	uncertain.	While	we	believe	our	Tesla	Ranger	program	and	our	practice	of	shipping
customers​	vehicles	to	our	nearest	Tesla	store	for	service	would	satisfy	regulators	in	these	circumstances,	without	seeking	formal	regulatory	guidance,
there	are	no	assurances	that	regulators	will	not	attempt	to	require	that	we	provide	physical	service	facilities	in	their	states.	Further,	certain	state
franchise	laws	which	prohibit	manufacturers	from	being	licensed	as	a	dealer	or	acting	in	the	capacity	of	dealer	also	restrict	manufacturers	from
providing	vehicle	service.	If	issues	arise	in	connection	with	these	laws,	certain	aspects	of	Tesla​s	service	program	would	need	to	be	restructured	to
comply	with	state	law,	which	may	harm	our	business.
We	may	not	succeed	in	maintaining	and	strengthening	the	Tesla	brand,	which	would	materially	and	adversely	affect	customer
acceptance	of	our	vehicles	and	components	and	our	business,	revenues	and	prospects.
Our	business	and	prospects	are	heavily	dependent	on	our	ability	to	develop,	maintain	and	strengthen	the	Tesla	brand.	Any	failure	to	develop,
maintain	and	strengthen	our	brand	may	materially	and	adversely	affect	our	ability	to	sell	the	Model	S,	Model	X,	Gen	III	and	other	future	planned
electric	vehicles,	and	sell	our	electric	powertrain	components.	If	we	do	not	continue	to	establish,	maintain	and	strengthen	our	brand,	we	may	lose	the
opportunity	to	build	a	critical	mass	of	customers.	Promoting	and	positioning	our	brand	will	likely	depend	significantly	on	our	ability	to	provide	high
quality	electric	cars	and	maintenance	and	repair	services,	and	we	have	very	limited	experience	in	these	areas.	Any	problems	associated	with	the	Toyota
RAV4	EV	that	uses	a	Tesla	powertrain,	the	Mercedes-Benz	B-Class	EV	that	will	use	a	Tesla	powertrain	or	the	Model	X	may	hurt	the	Tesla	brand.
	
39Table	of	Contents
In	addition,	we	expect	that	our	ability	to	develop,	maintain	and	strengthen	the	Tesla	brand	will	also	depend	heavily	on	the	success	of	our
marketing	efforts.	To	date,	we	have	limited	experience	with	marketing	activities	as	we	have	relied	primarily	on	the	internet,	word	of	mouth	and
attendance	at	industry	trade	shows	to	promote	our	brand.	To	further	promote	our	brand,	we	may	be	required	to	change	our	marketing	practices,	which
could	result	in	substantially	increased	advertising	expenses,	including	the	need	to	use	traditional	media	such	as	television,	radio	and	print.	The
automobile	industry	is	intensely	competitive,	and	we	may	not	be	successful	in	building,	maintaining	and	strengthening	our	brand.	Many	of	our	current
and	potential	competitors,	particularly	automobile	manufacturers	headquartered	in	Detroit,	Japan	and	the	European	Union,	have	greater	name
recognition,	broader	customer	relationships	and	substantially	greater	marketing	resources	than	we	do.	If	we	do	not	develop	and	maintain	a	strong
brand,	our	business,	prospects,	financial	condition	and	operating	results	will	be	materially	and	adversely	impacted.
If	our	vehicle	owners	customize	our	vehicles	or	change	the	charging	infrastructure	with	aftermarket	products,	the	vehicle	may	not
operate	properly,	which	could	harm	our	business.
Automobile	enthusiasts	may	seek	to	​hack​	our	vehicles	to	modify	its	performance	which	could	compromise	vehicle	safety	systems.	Also,	we	are
aware	of	customers	who	have	customized	their	vehicles	with	after-market	parts	that	may	compromise	driver	safety.	For	example,	some	customers	have
installed	seats	that	elevate	the	driver	such	that	airbag	and	other	safety	systems	could	be	compromised.	Other	customers	have	changed	wheels	and	tires,
while	others	have	installed	large	speaker	systems	that	may	impact	the	electrical	systems	of	the	vehicle.	We	have	not	tested,	nor	do	we	endorse,	such
changes	or	products.	In	addition,	customer	use	of	improper	external	cabling	or	unsafe	charging	outlets	can	expose	our	customers	to	injury	from	high
voltage	electricity.	Such	unauthorized	modifications	could	reduce	the	safety	of	our	vehicles	and	any	injuries	resulting	from	such	modifications	could
result	in	adverse	publicity	which	would	negatively	affect	our	brand	and	harm	our	business,	prospects,	financial	condition	and	operating	results.
Our	deposits	for	Model	S	and	reservations	for	Model	X	may	be	refundable	to	customers,	and	significant	cancellations	could	harm	our
financial	condition	and	business	prospects.
As	of	December	31,	2013,	we	had	$163.2	million	in	customer	deposits,	primarily	for	Model	S	and	Model	X.	Model	S	deposits	are	generally	subject
to	cancellation	by	the	customer	and	fully	refundable	up	until	two	weeks	after	placing	the	order.	Model	X	reservations	are	fully	refundable	until	such
time	when	customers	begin	to	configure	their	vehicles	for	delivery.	We	have	experienced	order	cancellations	for	our	vehicles	and	have	had	to	refund	the
related	deposits,	and	cancellations	may	continue.
Given	the	lead	times	that	we	have	historically	experienced	between	customer	reservation	and	delivery	on	the	Tesla	Roadster	and	on	Model	S	and
that	we	expect	to	experience	on	Model	X,	there	is	risk	that	customers	who	have	placed	orders	or	made	reservations	for	our	vehicles	may	cancel	such
orders	or	reservations	and	not	ultimately	take	delivery	on	vehicles	due	to	potential	changes	in	customer	preferences,	competitive	developments	and
other	factors.
Additionally,	if	we	encounter	delays	in	our	planned	launch	and	ramp	in	Asia,	or	further	delays	in	the	introduction	of	Model	X,	a	significant	number
of	our	customers	could	similarly	cancel	their	orders	or	reservations	and	demand	refunds	of	their	deposits.	As	a	result,	no	assurance	can	be	made	that
orders	and	reservations	will	not	be	cancelled	and	will	ultimately	result	in	the	final	purchase,	delivery,	and	sale	of	the	vehicle.
Our	plan	to	expand	our	network	of	Tesla	stores,	service	centers	and	Superchargers	will	require	significant	cash	investments	and
management	resources	and	may	not	meet	our	expectations	with	respect	to	additional	sales	of	our	electric	vehicles.	In	addition,	we	may
not	be	able	to	open	stores	or	service	centers	in	certain	states	or	Superchargers	in	desired	locations.
Our	plan	to	expand	our	network	of	Tesla	stores,	service	centers	and	Superchargers	will	require	significant	cash	investments	and	management
resources	and	may	not	meet	our	expectations	with	respect	to	additional	sales
	
40Table	of	Contents
of	our	electric	vehicles.	This	ongoing	global	expansion	may	not	have	the	desired	effect	of	increasing	sales	and	expanding	our	brand	presence	to	the
degree	we	are	anticipating.	Furthermore,	there	can	be	no	assurances	that	we	will	be	able	to	expand	on	the	budget	or	timeline	we	have	established.	We
will	also	need	to	ensure	we	are	in	compliance	with	any	regulatory	requirements	applicable	to	the	sale	and	service	of	our	vehicles	in	those	jurisdictions,
which	could	take	considerable	time	and	expense.	If	we	experience	any	delays	in	expanding	our	network	of	Tesla	stores,	service	centers	and
Superchargers,	this	could	lead	to	a	decrease	in	sales	of	our	vehicles	and	could	negatively	impact	our	business,	prospects,	financial	condition	and
operating	results.	We	have	opened	Tesla	stores	and	service	centers	in	major	metropolitan	areas	throughout	North	America,	Europe	and	Asia,	and	we
plan	to	open	additional	stores	and	service	centers	worldwide	to	support	our	ongoing	worldwide	Model	S	rollout.	We	have	also	rapidly	expanded	our
Supercharger	network	in	the	U.S	.and	Europe.	However,	we	may	not	be	able	to	expand	at	a	sufficient	rate	and	our	planned	expansion	will	require
significant	cash	investment	and	management	resources,	as	well	as	efficiency	in	the	execution	of	establishing	these	locations	and	in	hiring	and	training
the	necessary	employees	to	effectively	sell	and	service	our	vehicles.
Furthermore,	certain	states	and	foreign	jurisdictions	may	have	permit	requirements,	franchise	dealer	laws	or	similar	laws	or	regulations	that	may
preclude	or	restrict	our	ability	to	open	stores	or	sell	vehicles	out	of	such	states	and	jurisdictions.	Any	such	prohibition	or	restriction	may	lead	to
decreased	sales	in	such	jurisdictions,	which	could	harm	our	business,	prospects	and	operating	results.	See	Risk	Factor	​
We	may	face	regulatory
limitations	on	our	ability	to	sell	vehicles	directly	or	over	the	internet	which	could	materially	and	adversely	affect	our	ability	to	sell	our	electric	vehicles.​
Additionally,	we	may	face	potential	difficulties	in	finding	suitable	Supercharger	sites	in	desired	locations,	negotiating	leases	or	obtaining	required
permits	for	such	locations.
We	face	risks	associated	with	our	international	operations,	including	unfavorable	regulatory,	political,	tax	and	labor	conditions	and
establishing	ourselves	in	new	markets,	all	of	which	could	harm	our	business.
We	face	various	risks	associated	with	our	international	operations.	We	currently	have	international	operations	and	subsidiaries	in	various
countries	and	jurisdictions	in	Europe	and	Asia	that	are	subject	to	the	legal,	political,	regulatory	and	social	requirements	and	economic	conditions	in
these	jurisdictions.	Additionally,	as	part	of	our	growth	strategy,	we	will	continue	to	expand	our	sales,	maintenance,	repair	and	Supercharger	services
internationally,	particularly	in	China.	However,	we	have	limited	experience	to	date	selling	and	servicing	our	vehicles	internationally	and	such	expansion
requires	us	to	make	significant	expenditures,	including	the	establishment	of	local	operating	entities,	hiring	of	local	employees	and	establishing	facilities,
in	advance	of	generating	any	revenue.	We	are	subject	to	a	number	of	risks	associated	with	international	business	activities	that	may	increase	our	costs,
impact	our	ability	to	sell	our	electric	vehicles	and	require	significant	management	attention.	These	risks	include:
	
	
	
conforming	our	vehicles	to	various	international	regulatory	and	safety	requirements	where	our	vehicles	are	sold,	or	homologation;
	
	
	
difficulty	in	establishing,	staffing	and	managing	foreign	operations;
	
	
	
difficulties	attracting	customers	in	new	jurisdictions;
	
	
	
foreign	government	taxes,	regulations	and	permit	requirements,	including	foreign	taxes	that	we	may	not	be	able	to	offset	against	taxes
imposed	upon	us	in	the	United	States,	and	foreign	tax	and	other	laws	limiting	our	ability	to	repatriate	funds	to	the	United	States;
	
	
	
fluctuations	in	foreign	currency	exchange	rates	and	interest	rates,	including	risks	related	to	any	interest	rate	swap	or	other	hedging
activities	we	undertake;
	
	
	
our	ability	to	enforce	our	contractual	and	intellectual	property	rights,	especially	in	those	foreign	countries	that	do	not	respect	and	protect
intellectual	property	rights	to	the	same	extent	as	do	the	United	States,	Japan	and	European	countries,	which	increases	the	risk	of
unauthorized,	and	uncompensated,	use	of	our	technology;
	
	
	
United	States	and	foreign	government	trade	restrictions,	customs	regulations,	tariffs	and	price	or	exchange	controls;
	
41Table	of	Contents
	
	
foreign	labor	laws,	regulations	and	restrictions;
	
	
	
preferences	of	foreign	nations	for	domestically	produced	vehicles;
	
	
	
changes	in	diplomatic	and	trade	relationships;
	
	
	
political	instability,	natural	disasters,	war	or	events	of	terrorism;	and
	
	
	
the	strength	of	international	economies.
Additionally,	as	we	have	expanded	into	new	international	markets,	we	have	faced	challenges	with	ensuring	that	our	charging	equipment	works
successfully	with	the	charging	infrastructure	in	such	markets.	For	example,	we	have	encountered	such	challenges	in	Norway.	These	types	of	issues
could	also	arise	as	we	enter	into	other	new	markets,	such	as	China.	If	customers	experience	problems	with	the	way	our	charging	equipment	works	with
the	local	charging	infrastructure,	or	we	are	unable	to	adapt	our	equipment	to	resolve	such	problems,	then	the	viability	and	acceptance	of	our	vehicles	in
such	markets	could	be	materially	and	adversely	affected.
If	we	fail	to	successfully	address	these	risks,	our	business,	prospects,	operating	results	and	financial	condition	could	be	materially	harmed.
Foreign	currency	movements	relative	to	the	U.S.	dollar	could	harm	our	financial	results.
Our	revenues	and	costs	denominated	in	foreign	currencies	are	not	completely	matched.	A	portion	of	our	costs	and	expenses	have	been	and	we
anticipate	will	continue	to	be	denominated	in	foreign	currencies,	including	the	Japanese	yen,	the	euro,	the	Chinese	yuan	and	the	British	pound.	If	we	do
not	have	fully	offsetting	revenues	in	these	currencies	and	if	the	value	of	the	U.S.	dollar	depreciates	significantly	against	these	currencies	(especially
against	the	Japanese	yen),	our	costs	as	measured	in	U.S.	dollars	as	a	percent	of	our	revenues	will	correspondingly	increase	and	our	margins	will	suffer.
As	a	result,	our	operating	results	could	be	adversely	affected.	As	we	dramatically	increase	Model	S	deliveries	overseas	during	2014	and	beyond,	as	well
as	begin	delivering	powertrain	units	to	Daimler,	we	may	have	greater	revenues	than	costs	denominated	in	other	currencies,	in	which	case	a
strengthening	of	the	dollar	would	tend	to	reduce	our	revenues	as	measured	in	U.S.	dollars.
Developments	in	alternative	technologies	or	improvements	in	the	internal	combustion	engine	may	materially	adversely	affect	the
demand	for	our	electric	vehicles.
Significant	developments	in	alternative	technologies,	such	as	advanced	diesel,	ethanol,	fuel	cells	or	compressed	natural	gas,	or	improvements	in
the	fuel	economy	of	the	internal	combustion	engine,	may	materially	and	adversely	affect	our	business	and	prospects	in	ways	we	do	not	currently
anticipate.	Any	failure	by	us	to	develop	new	or	enhanced	technologies	or	processes,	or	to	react	to	changes	in	existing	technologies,	could	materially
delay	our	development	and	introduction	of	new	and	enhanced	electric	vehicles,	which	could	result	in	the	loss	of	competitiveness	of	our	vehicles,
decreased	revenue	and	a	loss	of	market	share	to	competitors.
The	unavailability,	reduction	or	elimination	of	government	and	economic	incentives	could	have	a	material	adverse	effect	on	our
business,	financial	condition,	operating	results	and	prospects.
Any	reduction,	elimination	or	discriminatory	application	of	government	subsidies	and	economic	incentives	because	of	policy	changes,	the	reduced
need	for	such	subsidies	and	incentives	due	to	the	customer	base	of	our	electric	vehicles,	fiscal	tightening	or	other	reasons	may	result	in	the	diminished
competitiveness	of	the	alternative	fuel	vehicle	industry	generally	or	our	electric	vehicles	in	particular.	This	could	materially	and	adversely	affect	the
growth	of	the	alternative	fuel	automobile	markets	and	our	business,	prospects,	financial	condition	and	operating	results.
Our	growth	depends	in	part	on	the	availability	and	amounts	of	government	subsidies	and	economic	incentives	for	alternative	fuel	vehicles
generally	and	performance	electric	vehicles	specifically.	For	example,	we
	
42Table	of	Contents
currently	benefit	from	exemptions	from	California	state	sales	and	use	taxes	for	purchases	of	up	to	$707	million	of	manufacturing	equipment	from	our
arrangements	with	the	California	Alternative	Energy	and	Advanced	Transportation	Financing	Authority.	To	the	extent	all	of	this	equipment	is	purchased
and	would	otherwise	be	subject	to	California	state	sales	and	use	tax,	we	believe	this	incentive	would	result	in	tax	savings	by	us	through	December	2016.
This	exemption	is	only	available	for	equipment	that	would	otherwise	be	subject	to	California	sales	and	use	taxes	and	that	would	be	used	only	for
specified	purposes.	If	we	fail	to	meet	these	conditions,	we	would	be	unable	to	take	full	advantage	of	this	tax	incentive	and	our	financial	position	could	be
harmed.
In	addition,	certain	regulations	and	laws	that	encourage	sales	of	electric	cars	through	tax	credits	or	other	subsidies	could	be	reduced,	eliminated
or	applied	in	a	way	that	creates	an	adverse	effect	against	our	vehicles,	either	currently	or	at	any	time	in	the	future.	For	example,	while	the	federal,	state
and	foreign	governments	have	from	time	to	time	enacted	tax	credits	and	other	incentives	for	the	purchase	of	alternative	fuel	cars,	funding	for	these
programs	is	limited	and	there	is	no	guarantee	that	our	vehicles	will	be	eligible	for	tax	credits	or	other	incentives	provided	to	alternative	fuel	vehicles	in
the	future.	This	would	put	our	vehicles	at	a	competitive	disadvantage.	As	an	example	at	the	state	level,	California	renewed	the	Clean	Vehicle	Rebate
Program,	a	rebate	program	for	the	purchase	of	qualified	alternative	technology	vehicles	for	2013.	Such	funds,	however,	may	run	out	or	be	limited	in
ways	that	would	be	adverse	to	purchasers	of	our	vehicles.	Subsequent	purchasers	could	face	a	delay	in	receiving	rebates	since	they	would	have	to	wait
until	the	next	fiscal	year​s	funding	became	available	or	be	unable	to	obtain	a	rebate	at	all.	Moreover,	as	more	and	more	eligible	EVs	are	produced,
California	will	need	to	find	additional	sources	of	funding	for	this	program	or	implement	other	options	for	removing	eligibility	for	vehicles	based	on
MSRP	or	customer	income	levels.	These	measures	would	almost	certainly	impact	us	in	an	adverse	manner	by	making	either	our	vehicles	or	customers
ineligible	for	rebates.	As	an	additional	example,	there	is	considerable	discussion	at	the	federal	level	over	tax	reform.	Discussions	have	included	reducing
or	even	eliminating	the	current	$7,500	tax	credit	available	to	purchasers	of	qualified	alternative	fuel	vehicles,	including	Model	S.
Also,	government	programs	have	been	enacted	in	Europe	favoring	the	purchase	of	electric	vehicles,	including	disincentives	that	discourage	the
use	of	gas-powered	vehicles.	In	Norway,	for	example,	the	purchase	of	electric	vehicles	is	not	currently	subject	to	import	taxes,	taxes	on	non-recurring
vehicle	fees,	or	the	25%	value	added	tax	or	other	purchase	taxes	that	apply	to	the	purchase	of	gas-powered	vehicles.	In	the	event	that	such	government
programs	are	reduced	or	eliminated,	or	the	available	benefits	thereunder	are	exhausted	earlier	than	anticipated,	sales	of	electric	vehicles,	including	our
Model	S,	could	be	adversely	affected.
Our	relationship	with	Daimler	is	subject	to	various	risks	which	could	adversely	affect	our	business	and	future	prospects.
Our	relationship	with	Daimler	poses	various	risks	to	us,	including	potential	loss	of	access	to	parts	that	Daimler	is	providing	for	Model	S	and
potential	loss	of	business	and	adverse	publicity	to	our	brand	image	if	there	are	defects	or	other	problems	discovered	with	our	electric	powertrain
components	that	Daimler	has	incorporated	into	their	vehicles.	The	occurrence	of	any	of	the	foregoing	could	adversely	affect	our	business,	prospects,
financial	condition	and	operating	results.
The	operation	of	our	vehicles	is	different	from	internal	combustion	engine	vehicles	and	our	customers	may	experience	difficulty
operating	them	properly,	including	difficulty	transitioning	between	different	methods	of	braking.
We	have	designed	our	vehicles	to	minimize	inconvenience	and	inadvertent	driver	damage	to	the	powertrain.	In	certain	instances,	these
protections	may	cause	the	vehicle	to	behave	in	ways	that	are	unfamiliar	to	drivers	of	internal	combustion	vehicles.	For	example,	we	employ
regenerative	braking	to	recharge	the	battery	pack	in	most	modes	of	vehicle	operation.	Our	customers	may	become	accustomed	to	using	this
regenerative	braking	instead	of	the	wheel	brakes	to	slow	the	vehicle.	However,	when	the	vehicle	is	at	maximum	charge,	the	regenerative	braking	is	not
needed	and	is	not	employed	by	the	vehicle.	Accordingly,	our	customers	may	have	difficulty	shifting	between	different	methods	of	braking.	In	addition,
we	use	safety	mechanisms	to	limit	motor	torque	when	the
	
43Table	of	Contents
powertrain	system	reaches	elevated	temperatures.	In	such	instances,	the	vehicle​s	acceleration	and	speed	will	decrease.	Finally,	if	the	driver	permits	the
battery	pack	to	substantially	deplete	its	charge,	the	vehicle	will	progressively	limit	motor	torque	and	speed	to	preserve	the	charge	that	remains.	The
vehicle	will	lose	speed	and	ultimately	coast	to	a	stop.	Despite	several	warnings	about	an	imminent	loss	of	charge,	the	ultimate	loss	of	speed	may	be
unexpected.	There	can	be	no	assurance	that	our	customers	will	operate	the	vehicles	properly,	especially	in	these	situations.	Any	accidents	resulting
from	such	failure	to	operate	our	vehicles	properly	could	harm	our	brand	and	reputation,	result	in	adverse	publicity	and	product	liability	claims,	and
have	a	material	adverse	effect	on	our	business,	prospects,	financial	condition	and	operating	results.	In	addition,	if	consumers	dislike	these	features,	they
may	choose	not	to	buy	additional	cars	from	us,	which	could	also	harm	our	business	and	prospects.
If	we	are	unable	to	keep	up	with	advances	in	electric	vehicle	technology,	we	may	suffer	a	decline	in	our	competitive	position.
We	may	be	unable	to	keep	up	with	changes	in	electric	vehicle	technology	and,	as	a	result,	may	suffer	a	decline	in	our	competitive	position.	Any
failure	to	keep	up	with	advances	in	electric	vehicle	technology	would	result	in	a	decline	in	our	competitive	position	which	would	materially	and
adversely	affect	our	business,	prospects,	operating	results	and	financial	condition.	Our	research	and	development	efforts	may	not	be	sufficient	to	adapt
to	changes	in	electric	vehicle	technology.	As	technologies	change,	we	plan	to	upgrade	or	adapt	our	vehicles	and	introduce	new	models	in	order	to
continue	to	provide	vehicles	with	the	latest	technology,	in	particular	battery	cell	technology.	However,	our	vehicles	may	not	compete	effectively	with
alternative	vehicles	if	we	are	not	able	to	source	and	integrate	the	latest	technology	into	our	vehicles.	For	example,	we	do	not	manufacture	battery	cells,
which	makes	us	dependent	upon	other	suppliers	of	battery	cell	technology	for	our	battery	packs.
If	we	are	unable	to	attract	and/or	retain	key	employees	and	hire	qualified	management,	technical,	vehicle	engineering	and
manufacturing	personnel,	our	ability	to	compete	could	be	harmed	and	our	stock	price	may	decline.
The	loss	of	the	services	of	any	of	our	key	employees	could	disrupt	our	operations,	delay	the	development	and	introduction	of	our	vehicles	and
services,	and	negatively	impact	our	business,	prospects	and	operating	results	as	well	as	cause	our	stock	price	to	decline.	In	particular,	we	are	highly
dependent	on	the	services	of	Elon	Musk,	our	Chief	Executive	Officer,	Product	Architect	and	Chairman	of	our	Board	of	Directors,	and	JB	Straubel,	our
Chief	Technical	Officer.	None	of	our	key	employees	is	bound	by	an	employment	agreement	for	any	specific	term.	There	can	be	no	assurance	that	we	will
be	able	to	successfully	attract	and	retain	senior	leadership	necessary	to	grow	our	business.	Our	future	success	depends	upon	our	ability	to	attract	and
retain	our	executive	officers	and	other	key	technology,	sales,	marketing,	engineering,	manufacturing	and	support	personnel	and	any	failure	to	do	so
could	adversely	impact	our	business,	prospects,	financial	condition	and	operating	results.	We	have	in	the	past	and	may	in	the	future	experience
difficulty	in	retaining	members	of	our	senior	management	team	as	well	as	technical,	vehicle	engineering	and	manufacturing	personnel	due	to	various
factors,	such	as	a	very	competitive	labor	market	for	talented	individuals	with	automotive	experience.	In	addition,	we	do	not	have	​key	person​	life
insurance	policies	covering	any	of	our	officers	or	other	key	employees.
Currently	in	Northern	California,	there	is	increasing	competition	for	talented	individuals	with	the	specialized	knowledge	of	electric	vehicles,
software	engineers,	manufacturing	engineers	and	other	skilled	employees	and	this	competition	affects	both	our	ability	to	retain	key	employees	and	hire
new	ones.	Our	continued	success	depends	upon	our	continued	ability	to	hire	and	retain	employees.	Additionally,	we	compete	with	many	mature	and
prosperous	companies	in	Northern	California	that	have	far	greater	financial	resources	than	we	do	and	thus	can	offer	current	or	perspective	employees
more	lucrative	incentive	packages	than	we	can.	Any	difficulties	in	retaining	current	employees	or	recruiting	new	ones	would	have	an	adverse	effect	on
our	performance.
	
44Table	of	Contents
We	are	highly	dependent	on	the	services	of	Elon	Musk,	our	Chief	Executive	Officer.
We	are	highly	dependent	on	the	services	of	Elon	Musk,	our	Chief	Executive	Officer,	Product	Architect,	Chairman	of	our	Board	of	Directors	and
largest	stockholder.	Although	Mr.	Musk	spends	significant	time	with	Tesla	and	is	highly	active	in	our	management,	he	does	not	devote	his	full	time	and
attention	to	Tesla.	Mr.	Musk	also	currently	serves	as	Chief	Executive	Officer	and	Chief	Technical	Officer	of	Space	Exploration	Technologies,	a	developer
and	manufacturer	of	space	launch	vehicles,	and	Chairman	of	SolarCity,	a	solar	equipment	installation	company.
We	are	subject	to	various	environmental	and	safety	laws	and	regulations	that	could	impose	substantial	costs	upon	us	and	negatively
impact	our	ability	to	operate	our	manufacturing	facilities.
As	an	automobile	manufacturer,	we	and	our	operations,	both	in	the	United	States	and	abroad,	are	subject	to	national,	state,	provincial	and/or
local	environmental,	health	and	safety	laws	and	regulations,	including	laws	relating	to	the	use,	handling,	storage,	disposal	and	human	exposure	to
hazardous	materials.	Environmental	and	health	and	safety	laws	and	regulations	can	be	complex,	and	we	expect	that	our	business	and	operations	will	be
affected	by	future	amendments	to	such	laws	or	other	new	environmental	and	health	and	safety	laws	which	may	require	us	to	change	our	operations,
potentially	resulting	in	a	material	adverse	effect	on	our	business.	These	laws	can	give	rise	to	liability	for	administrative	oversight	costs,	cleanup	costs,
property	damage,	bodily	injury	and	fines	and	penalties.	Capital	and	operating	expenses	needed	to	comply	with	environmental,	health	and	safety	laws
and	regulations	can	be	significant,	and	violations	may	result	in	substantial	fines	and	penalties,	third	party	damages,	suspension	of	production	or	a
cessation	of	our	operations.
Contamination	at	properties	formerly	owned	or	operated	by	us,	as	well	as	at	properties	we	will	own	and	operate,	and	properties	to	which
hazardous	substances	were	sent	by	us,	may	result	in	liability	for	us	under	environmental	laws	and	regulations,	including,	but	not	limited	to	the
Comprehensive	Environmental	Response,	Compensation	and	Liability	Act	(CERCLA),	which	can	impose	liability	for	the	full	amount	of	remediation-
related	costs	without	regard	to	fault,	for	the	investigation	and	cleanup	of	contaminated	soil	and	ground	water,	for	building	contamination	and	impacts
to	human	health	and	for	damages	to	natural	resources.	The	costs	of	complying	with	environmental	laws	and	regulations	and	any	claims	concerning
noncompliance,	or	liability	with	respect	to	contamination	in	the	future,	could	have	a	material	adverse	effect	on	our	financial	condition	or	operating
results.	We	may	face	unexpected	delays	in	obtaining	the	necessary	permits	and	approvals	required	by	environmental	laws	in	connection	with	our
manufacturing	facilities	that	could	require	significant	time	and	financial	resources	and	negatively	impact	our	ability	to	operate	these	facilities,	which
would	adversely	impact	our	business	prospects	and	operating	results.
New	United	Motor	Manufacturing,	Inc.	(NUMMI)	has	previously	identified	environmental	conditions	at	the	Tesla	Factory	which	could	affect	soil
and	groundwater,	and	has	undertaken	efforts	to	address	these	conditions.	Although	we	have	been	advised	by	NUMMI	that	it	has	documented	and
managed	the	environmental	issues	at	the	Fremont	site,	we	cannot	currently	determine	with	certainty	the	total	potential	costs	to	remediate	pre-existing
contamination,	and	we	may	be	exposed	to	material	liability	as	a	result	of	the	existence	of	any	environmental	contamination	at	the	Fremont	site.
As	the	owner	of	the	Fremont	site,	we	may	be	responsible	under	federal	and	state	laws	and	regulations	for	the	entire	investigation	and	remediation
of	any	environmental	contamination	at	the	Fremont	site,	whether	it	occurred	before	or	after	the	date	we	purchased	the	property.	We	have	reached	an
agreement	with	NUMMI	under	which,	over	a	ten	year	period,	we	will	pay	the	first	$15.0	million	of	any	costs	of	any	governmentally-required	remediation
activities	for	contamination	that	existed	prior	to	the	closing	of	the	purchase	for	any	known	or	unknown	environmental	conditions	(Remediation
Activities),	and	NUMMI	has	agreed	to	pay	the	next	$15.0	million	for	such	Remediation	Activities.	Our	agreement	provides,	in	part,	that	NUMMI	will	pay
up	to	the	first	$15.0	million	on	our	behalf	if	such	expenses	are	incurred	in	the	first	four	years	of	our	agreement,	subject	to	our	reimbursement	of	such
costs	on	the	fourth	anniversary	date	of	the	closing.
	
45Table	of	Contents
On	the	ten-year	anniversary	of	the	closing	or	whenever	$30.0	million	has	been	spent	on	Remediation	Activities,	whichever	comes	first,	NUMMI​s
liability	to	us	with	respect	to	Remediation	Activities	ceases,	and	we	are	responsible	for	any	and	all	environmental	conditions	at	the	Fremont	site.	At	that
point	in	time,	we	have	agreed	to	indemnify,	defend,	and	hold	harmless	NUMMI	from	all	liability,	including	attorney	fees,	or	any	costs	or	penalties	it	may
incur	arising	out	of	or	in	connection	with	any	claim	relating	to	environmental	conditions	and	we	have	released	NUMMI	for	any	known	or	unknown
claims	except	for	NUMMI​s	obligations	for	representations	and	warranties	under	the	agreement.	As	of	December	31,	2013,	we	have	accrued	$5.5	million
related	to	these	environmental	liabilities.
There	are	no	assurances	that	NUMMI	will	perform	its	obligations	under	our	agreement	and	NUMMI​s	failure	to	perform	would	require	us	to
undertake	these	obligations	at	a	potentially	significant	cost	and	risk	to	our	ability	to	increase	the	production	capacity	of,	and	operate,	our	Tesla	Factory.
Any	Remediation	Activities	or	other	environmental	conditions	at	the	Fremont	site	could	harm	our	operations	and	the	future	use	and	value	of	the
Fremont	site	and	could	delay	our	production	plans	for	Model	S.
Our	business	may	be	adversely	affected	by	union	activities.
Although	none	of	our	employees	are	currently	represented	by	a	labor	union,	it	is	common	throughout	the	automobile	industry	generally	for	many
employees	at	automobile	companies	to	belong	to	a	union,	which	can	result	in	higher	employee	costs	and	increased	risk	of	work	stoppages.	Our
employees	may	join	or	seek	recognition	to	form	a	labor	union,	or	we	may	be	required	to	become	a	union	signatory.	Our	automobile	production	facility	in
Fremont,	California	was	purchased	from	NUMMI.	Prior	employees	of	NUMMI	were	union	members	and	our	future	work	force	at	this	facility	may	be
inclined	to	vote	in	favor	of	forming	a	labor	union.	We	are	also	directly	or	indirectly	dependent	upon	companies	with	unionized	work	forces,	such	as	parts
suppliers	and	trucking	and	freight	companies,	and	work	stoppages	or	strikes	organized	by	such	unions	could	have	a	material	adverse	impact	on	our
business,	financial	condition	or	operating	results.	If	a	work	stoppage	occurs,	it	could	delay	the	manufacture	and	sale	of	our	performance	electric
vehicles	and	have	a	material	adverse	effect	on	our	business,	prospects,	operating	results	or	financial	condition.	The	mere	fact	that	our	labor	force	could
be	unionized	may	harm	our	reputation	in	the	eyes	of	some	investors	and	thereby	negatively	affect	our	stock	price.	Consequently,	the	unionization	of	our
labor	force	could	negatively	impact	the	company​s	health.
We	are	subject	to	substantial	regulation,	which	is	evolving,	and	unfavorable	changes	or	failure	by	us	to	comply	with	these	regulations
could	substantially	harm	our	business	and	operating	results.
Our	performance	electric	vehicles,	the	sale	of	motor	vehicles	in	general	and	the	electronic	components	used	in	our	vehicles	are	subject	to
substantial	regulation	under	international,	federal,	state,	and	local	laws.	We	have	incurred,	and	expect	to	incur	in	the	future,	significant	costs	in
complying	with	these	regulations.
Regulations	related	to	the	electric	vehicle	industry	and	alternative	energy	are	currently	evolving	and	we	face	risks	associated	with	changes	to
these	regulations,	such	as	in	the	United	States:
	
	
	
the	imposition	of	a	carbon	tax	or	the	introduction	of	a	cap-and-trade	system	on	electric	utilities	could	increase	the	cost	of	electricity;
	
	
	
increasingly	stringent	Clean	Air	Act	emission	regulations	affecting	power	plants	used	to	generate	electricity	could	increase	the	cost	of
electricity;
	
	
	
changes	to	the	regulations	governing	the	assembly	and	transportation	of	lithium-ion	battery	packs,	such	as	the	UN	Recommendations	of	the
Safe	Transport	of	Dangerous	Goods	Model	Regulations	or	regulations	adopted	by	the	U.S.	Pipeline	and	Hazardous	Materials	Safety
Administration	(PHMSA)	could	increase	the	cost	of	lithium-ion	battery	packs	or	restrict	their	transport;
	
	
	
the	amendment	or	rescission	of	the	federal	law	and	regulations	mandating	increased	fuel	economy	in	the	United	States,	referred	to	as	the
Corporate	Average	Fuel	Economy	(CAFE)	standards,	could	reduce	new	business	opportunities	for	our	powertrain	sales	and	development
activities;
	
46Table	of	Contents
	
	
the	amendment	or	rescission	of	federal	greenhouse	gas	tailpipe	emission	regulations	administered	by	EPA	under	the	authority	of	the	Clean
Air	Act	could	reduce	new	business	opportunities	for	our	powertrain	sales	and	development	activities;
	
	
	
the	amendment	or	rescission	of	California​s	zero	emission	vehicle	regulations	administered	by	the	California	Air	Resources	Board	under	the
California	Health	&	Safety	Code	could	reduce	new	business	opportunities	for	our	powertrain	sales	and	development	activities,	as	well	as
our	ability	to	monetize	ZEV	credits	not	only	in	California,	but	also	in	the	eleven	additional	states	that	have	adopted	the	California	program;
	
	
	
increased	sensitivity	by	regulators	to	the	needs	of	established	automobile	manufacturers	with	large	employment	bases,	high	fixed	costs	and
business	models	based	on	the	internal	combustion	engine	could	lead	them	to	pass	regulations	that	could	reduce	the	compliance	costs	of
such	established	manufacturers	or	mitigate	the	effects	of	government	efforts	to	promote	alternative	fuel	vehicles;	and
	
	
	
changes	to	regulations	governing	the	export	of	our	products	could	increase	our	costs	incurred	to	deliver	products	outside	the	United	States
or	force	us	to	charge	a	higher	price	for	our	vehicles	in	such	jurisdictions.
In	addition,	as	the	automotive	industry	moves	towards	greater	use	of	electronics	for	vehicle	systems,	NHTSA	and	other	regulatory	bodies	may	in
the	future	increase	regulation	for	these	electronic	systems	as	concerns	about	distracted	driving	increase.	Such	concerns	could	affect	electronic	systems
in	Model	S,	including	those	used	with	the	17	inch	display	screen	in	Model	S,	which	could	reduce	the	appeal	of	Model	S	or	require	adjustments	to	the
display	screen​s	functionality.
As	we	are	currently	delivering	vehicles	in	Europe	and	as	we	begin	to	deliver	vehicles	in	Asia,	we	also	become	subject	to	additional	laws	and
regulations	applicable	to	the	import,	sale	and	service	of	automobiles	in	those	regions,	with	which	we	have	little	or	no	experience	complying.
To	the	extent	the	laws	change,	some	or	all	of	our	vehicles	may	not	comply	with	applicable	international,	federal,	state	or	local	laws,	which	would
have	an	adverse	effect	on	our	business.	Compliance	with	changing	regulations	could	be	burdensome,	time	consuming,	and	expensive.	To	the	extent
compliance	with	new	regulations	is	cost	prohibitive,	our	business,	prospects,	financial	condition	and	operating	results	will	be	adversely	affected.
We	retain	certain	personal	information	about	our	customers	and	may	be	subject	to	various	privacy	and	consumer	protection	laws.
We	use	our	vehicles​	electronic	systems	to	log	information	about	each	vehicle​s	condition,	performance	and	use	in	order	to	aid	us	in	providing
customer	service,	including	vehicle	diagnostics,	repair	and	maintenance,	as	well	as	to	help	us	collect	data	regarding	our	customers​	charge	time,	battery
usage,	mileage	and	efficiency	habits	and	to	improve	our	vehicles.	We	also	collect	information	about	our	customers	through	our	website,	at	our	stores
and	facilities,	and	via	telephone.	Our	customers	may	object	to	the	processing	of	this	data,	which	may	negatively	impact	our	ability	to	provide	effective
customer	service	and	develop	new	vehicles	and	products.	Collection	and	use	of	our	customers​	personal	information	in	conducting	our	business	may	be
subject	to	federal	and/or	state	laws	and	regulations	in	the	United	States	and	foreign	jurisdictions	including,	in	particular,	various	jurisdictions	in
Europe,	and	such	laws	and	regulations	may	restrict	our	processing	of	such	personal	information	and	hinder	our	ability	to	attract	new	customers	or
market	to	existing	customers.	We	may	incur	significant	expenses	to	comply	with	privacy,	consumer	protection	and	security	standards	and	protocols
imposed	by	law,	regulation,	industry	standards	or	contractual	obligations.	Although	we	take	steps	to	protect	the	security	of	our	customers​	personal
information,	we	may	be	required	to	expend	significant	resources	to	comply	with	data	breach	requirements	if	third	parties	improperly	obtain	and	use	the
personal	information	of	our	customers	or	we	otherwise	experience	a	data	loss	with	respect	to	customers​	personal	information.	A	major	breach	of	our
network	security	and	systems	could
	
47Table	of	Contents
have	serious	negative	consequences	for	our	businesses	and	future	prospects,	including	possible	fines,	penalties	and	damages,	reduced	customer
demand	for	our	vehicles,	and	harm	to	our	reputation	and	brand.
We	may	be	compelled	to	undertake	product	recalls	or	take	other	actions,	which	could	adversely	affect	our	brand	image	and	financial
performance.
Any	product	recall	in	the	future	may	result	in	adverse	publicity,	damage	our	brand	and	adversely	affect	our	business,	prospects,	operating	results
and	financial	condition.	We	previously	experienced	product	recalls	in	May	2009,	October	2010	and	June	2013,	none	of	which	was	related	to	our	electric
powertrain.	In	April	2009,	we	determined	that	a	condition	caused	by	insufficient	torquing	of	the	rear	inner	hub	flange	bolt	existed	in	some	of	our	Tesla
Roadsters,	as	a	result	of	a	missed	process	during	the	manufacture	of	the	Tesla	Roadster	glider.	In	October	2010,	we	initiated	a	product	recall	after	the
12	volt,	low	voltage	auxiliary	cable	in	a	single	vehicle	chafed	against	the	edge	of	a	carbon	fiber	panel	in	the	vehicle	causing	a	short,	smoke	and	possible
fire	behind	the	right	front	headlamp	of	the	vehicle.	In	June	2013,	we	initiated	a	recall	of	slightly	more	than	one	thousand	Model	S	vehicles	to	inspect
and	repair	rear	seat	strikers	that	may	have	been	compromised	during	the	assembly	process.	Rear	seat	strikers	are	used	to	retain	the	rear	seat	backs	in
an	upright	position.	Failure	of	this	component	may	have	resulted	in	collapse	of	the	rear	seat	back	during	a	crash.	Finally,	in	January	2014,	we
implemented	a	firmware	update	to	address	issues	with	certain	Universal	Mobile	Connector	NEMA	14-50	adapters,	which	are	part	of	the	charging	units
and	are	not	part	of	the	vehicles	themselves,	potentially	overheating	during	charging.	In	the	future,	we	may	at	various	times,	voluntarily	or	involuntarily,
initiate	a	recall	if	any	of	our	vehicles,	including	Model	S,	or	our	electric	powertrain	components	prove	to	be	defective	or	noncompliant	with	applicable
federal	motor	vehicle	safety	standards.	For	example,	in	November	2013	NHTSA	initiated	a	preliminary	evaluation	with	respect	to	two	recent	incidents
in	which	Model	S	vehicles	collided	with	road	debris	at	highway	speeds.	Although	we	believe	that	NHTSA	should	close	the	preliminary	evaluation
without	a	finding	of	defect,	it	is	possible	that	NHTSA	could	find	that	there	is	a	defect	and	order	Model	S	to	be	recalled.	Such	recalls,	voluntary	or
involuntary,	involve	significant	expense	and	diversion	of	management	attention	and	other	resources,	and	could	adversely	affect	our	brand	image	in	our
target	markets,	as	well	as	our	business,	prospects,	financial	condition	and	results	of	operations.
Our	current	and	future	warranty	reserves	may	be	insufficient	to	cover	future	warranty	claims	which	could	adversely	affect	our	financial
performance.
If	our	warranty	reserves	are	inadequate	to	cover	future	warranty	claims	on	our	vehicles,	our	business,	prospects,	financial	condition	and
operating	results	could	be	materially	and	adversely	affected.	We	provide	a	three	year	or	36,000	mile	New	Vehicle	Limited	Warranty	with	every	Tesla
Roadster,	which	we	extended	to	four	years	or	50,000	miles	for	the	purchasers	of	our	2008	Tesla	Roadster.	In	addition,	customers	have	the	opportunity
to	purchase	Extended	Service	plans	for	the	period	after	the	end	of	the	New	Vehicle	Limited	Warranty	for	the	Tesla	Roadster	to	cover	additional	services
for	up	to	an	additional	three	years	or	36,000	miles,	provided	they	are	purchased	within	a	specified	period	of	time.	Subject	to	separate	limited	warranties
for	the	supplemental	restraint	system	and	battery,	we	provide	a	four	year	or	50,000	mile	New	Vehicle	Limited	Warranty	for	the	purchasers	of	Model	S.
The	New	Vehicle	Limited	Warranty	for	Model	S	covers	the	battery	for	a	period	of	eight	years	or	125,000	miles	or	unlimited	miles,	depending	on	the	size
of	the	vehicle​s	battery,	although	the	battery​s	charging	capacity	is	not	covered	under	the	New	Vehicle	Limited	Warranty	or	any	Extended	Service	plan.
In	addition,	customers	have	the	opportunity	to	purchase	an	Extended	Service	plan	for	the	period	after	the	end	of	the	New	Vehicle	Limited	Warranty	for
Model	S	to	cover	additional	services	for	an	additional	four	years	or	50,000	miles,	provided	it	is	purchased	within	a	specified	period	of	time.	The	New
Vehicle	Limited	Warranty	and	Extended	Service	plans	for	the	Tesla	Roadster	and	Model	S	are	subject	to	certain	limitations,	exclusions	or	separate
warranties,	including	certain	wear	items,	such	as	tires,	brake	pads,	paint	and	general	appearance,	and	battery	performance,	and	is	intended	to	cover
parts	and	labor	to	repair	defects	in	material	or	workmanship	in	the	vehicle	including	the	body,	chassis,	suspension,	interior,	electronic	systems,
powertrain	and	brake	system.	We	have	previously	provided	our	Tesla	Roadster	customers	with	a	battery	replacement	option	to	replace	the	battery	in
their	vehicles	at	any	time	after	the	expiration	of	the	New	Vehicle	Limited	Warranty	but	before	the	tenth	anniversary	of	the	purchase	date	of	their
vehicles.
	
48Table	of	Contents
We	record	and	adjust	warranty	reserves	based	on	changes	in	estimated	costs	and	actual	warranty	costs.	For	new	vehicles	in	particular,	we	record
warranty	reserves	based	on	management​s	best	estimate	of	projected	warranty	experience	until	adequate	historical	data	is	accumulated	over	a	period	of
time,	generally	a	few	quarters.	As	we	have	limited	operating	experience	with	Model	S,	and	therefore	little	experience	with	warranty	claims	for	this
vehicle,	reserves	that	we	recorded	for	Model	S	may	be	insufficient	to	cover	all	future	warranty	claims.	Additionally,	in	2013,	as	part	of	our	ongoing
efforts	to	improve	the	customer	ownership	experience,	we	expanded	the	battery	pack	warranty	and	also	eliminated	the	annual	service	requirement	that
was	needed	to	keep	the	New	Vehicle	Limited	Warranty	in	effect.	Should	this	change	in	warranty	coverage	lead	to	an	increase	in	warranty	claims,	we
may	need	to	record	additional	warranty	reserves	which	would	negatively	affect	our	profitability.
Since	we	began	initiating	sales	of	our	vehicles,	we	have	continued	to	refine	our	warranty	reserves	based	on	our	actual	warranty	claim	experience
and	we	may	be	required	to	undertake	further	changes	in	the	future.	As	of	December	31,	2013,	we	had	warranty	reserves	of	$53.2	million,	and	such
reserve	amount	will	increase	significantly	in	the	future	as	our	product	offerings	and	sales	grow.	We	could	in	the	future	become	subject	to	a	significant
and	unexpected	warranty	expense.	There	can	be	no	assurances	that	our	currently	existing	or	future	warranty	reserves	will	be	sufficient	to	cover	all
claims	due	to	potential	higher	average	warranty	expenses	over	the	product	life	cycle	or	that	our	limited	experience	with	warranty	claims	will	adequately
address	the	needs	of	our	customers	to	their	satisfaction.
Unauthorized	control	or	manipulation	of	our	vehicles​	systems	may	cause	them	to	operate	improperly	or	not	at	all,	or	compromise	their
safety	and	data	security,	which	could	result	in	loss	of	confidence	in	us	and	our	vehicles	and	harm	our	business.
There	have	been	reports	of	vehicles	of	other	automobile	manufacturers	being	​hacked​	to	grant	access	and	operation	of	the	vehicles	to
unauthorized	persons	and	would-be	thieves.	Our	vehicles,	and	in	particular	Model	S,	are	technologically	advanced	machines	requiring	the
interoperation	of	numerous	complex	and	evolving	hardware	and	software	systems.	Subject	to	our	customers​	ability	to	opt	out	pursuant	to	our	privacy
policy,	Model	S	is	designed	with	built-in	data	connectivity	to	accept	and	install	periodic	remote	updates	from	us	to	improve	or	update	the	functionality
of	these	systems.	Although	we	have	designed,	implemented	and	tested	security	measures	to	prevent	unauthorized	access	to	our	vehicles	and	their
systems,	our	information	technology	networks	and	communications	with	our	vehicles	may	be	vulnerable	to	interception,	manipulation,	damage,
disruptions	or	shutdowns	due	to	attacks	by	hackers	or	breaches	due	to	errors	by	personnel	who	have	access	to	our	networks	and	systems.	Any	such
attacks	or	breaches	could	result	in	unexpected	changes	to	our	vehicles​	functionality,	user	interface	and	performance	characteristics.	Hackers	may	also
use	similar	means	to	gain	access	to	data	stored	in	or	generated	by	the	vehicle,	such	as	its	current	geographical	position,	previous	and	stored	destination
address	history	and	web	browser	​favorites.​	Any	such	unauthorized	control	of	vehicles	or	access	to	or	loss	of	information	could	result	in	legal	claims	or
proceedings	and	negative	publicity,	which	would	negatively	affect	our	brand	and	harm	our	business,	prospects,	financial	condition	and	operating
results.
The	range	and	power	of	our	electric	vehicles	on	a	single	charge	declines	over	time,	and	this	may	negatively	influence	potential
customers​	decisions	whether	to	purchase	our	vehicles.
The	range	and	power	of	our	electric	vehicles	on	a	single	charge	declines	principally	as	a	function	of	usage,	time	and	charging	patterns	as	well	as
other	factors.	How	a	customer	uses	their	Tesla	vehicle,	the	frequency	of	recharging	the	battery	pack	at	a	low	state	of	charge	and	the	means	of	charging
can	result	in	additional	deterioration	of	the	battery	pack​s	ability	to	hold	a	charge	over	the	long	term.	For	example,	we	currently	expect	that	our	battery
pack	for	the	Tesla	Roadster	will	retain	approximately	70%	of	its	ability	to	hold	its	initial	charge	after	approximately	100,000	miles	or	seven	years,	which
will	result	in	a	decrease	to	the	vehicle​s	initial	range	and	power.	Deterioration	of	the	Model	S	battery	pack	is	expected	to	be	less	than	the	Roadster,
however,	such	battery	pack	deterioration	and	the	related	decrease	in	range	and	power	over	time	as	well	as	any	perceived	deterioration	or	fluctuation	in
range	may	negatively	influence	potential	customer	decisions	whether	to	purchase	our	vehicles,	which	may	harm	our	ability	to	market	and	sell	our
vehicles.
	
49Table	of	Contents
We	may	face	regulatory	limitations	on	our	ability	to	sell	vehicles	directly	or	over	the	internet	which	could	materially	and	adversely
affect	our	ability	to	sell	our	electric	vehicles.
We	sell	our	vehicles	from	our	Tesla	stores	as	well	as	over	the	internet.	We	may	not	be	able	to	sell	our	vehicles	through	this	sales	model	in	each
state	in	the	United	States	as	many	states	have	laws	that	may	be	interpreted	to	prohibit	internet	sales	by	manufacturers	to	residents	of	the	state	or	to
impose	other	limitations	on	this	sales	model,	including	laws	that	prohibit	manufacturers	from	selling	vehicles	directly	to	consumers	without	the	use	of
an	independent	dealership	or	without	a	physical	presence	in	the	state.	In	certain	states	in	which	we	are	not	able	to	obtain	dealer	licenses,	we	have
worked	with	state	regulators	to	open	galleries,	which	are	locations	where	potential	customers	can	view	our	vehicles	but	are	not	full	retail	locations.	It	is
possible	that	a	state	regulator	could	later	determine	that	the	activities	at	our	gallery	constitute	unlicensed	sales	of	motor	vehicles.
In	many	states,	the	application	of	state	motor	vehicle	laws	to	our	specific	sales	model	is	largely	untested	under	state	motor	vehicle	industry	laws
and	is	being	determined	by	a	fact	specific	analysis	of	numerous	factors,	including	whether	we	have	a	physical	presence	or	employees	in	the	applicable
state,	whether	we	advertise	or	conduct	other	activities	in	the	applicable	state,	how	the	sale	transaction	is	structured,	the	volume	of	sales	into	the	state,
and	whether	the	state	in	question	prohibits	manufacturers	from	acting	as	dealers.	As	a	result	of	the	fact	specific	and	largely	untested	nature	of	these
issues,	and	the	fact	that	applying	these	laws	intended	for	the	traditional	automobile	distribution	model	to	our	sales	model	allows	for	some	interpretation
and	discretion	by	the	regulators,	the	manner	in	which	the	applicable	authorities	are	applying	their	state	laws	to	our	distribution	model	continues	to	be
difficult	to	predict.	Laws	in	some	states	have	limited	our	ability	to	obtain	dealer	licenses	from	state	motor	vehicle	regulators	and	may	continue	to	do	so.
In	addition,	decisions	by	regulators	permitting	us	to	sell	vehicles	may	be	subject	to	challenges	as	to	whether	such	decisions	comply	with
applicable	state	motor	vehicle	industry	laws.	For	example,	in	October	2012,	vehicle	dealer	associations	in	New	York	and	Massachusetts	filed	lawsuits	to
revoke	the	dealer	license	issued	to	Tesla	Motors	New	York	in	New	York	and	to	limit	the	business	activity	of	Tesla	Motors	MA,	Inc.	in	Massachusetts.
These	lawsuits	have	been	dismissed,	reinforcing	our	continuing	belief	that	state	laws	were	not	designed	to	prevent	our	distribution	model.	A	similar
litigation	was	recently	filed	in	the	state	of	Ohio.	Possible	additional	challenges	in	other	states,	if	successful,	could	restrict	or	prohibit	our	ability	to	sell
our	vehicles	to	residents	in	such	states.	In	some	states,	there	have	also	been	legislative	efforts	by	vehicle	dealer	associations	to	propose	bills	that,	if
enacted,	would	prevent	us	from	obtaining	dealer	licenses	in	their	states	given	our	current	sales	model.
We	are	also	registered	as	both	a	motor	vehicle	manufacturer	and	dealer	in	Canada,	Australia,	and	Japan,	and	have	obtained	licenses	to	sell
vehicles	in	other	places	such	as	Hong	Kong	and	China.	Furthermore,	while	we	have	performed	an	analysis	of	the	principal	laws	in	the	European	Union
relating	to	our	distribution	model	and	believe	we	comply	with	such	laws,	we	have	not	performed	a	complete	analysis	in	all	foreign	jurisdictions	in	which
we	may	sell	vehicles.	Accordingly,	there	may	be	laws	in	jurisdictions	we	have	not	yet	entered	or	laws	we	are	unaware	of	in	jurisdictions	we	have	entered
that	may	restrict	our	sales	or	other	business	practices.	Even	for	those	jurisdictions	we	have	analyzed,	the	laws	in	this	area	can	be	complex,	difficult	to
interpret	and	may	change	over	time.
Regulatory	limitations	on	our	ability	to	sell	vehicles	could	materially	and	adversely	affect	our	ability	to	sell	our	electric	vehicles.
We	may	need	to	defend	ourselves	against	patent	or	trademark	infringement	claims,	which	may	be	time-consuming	and	would	cause	us
to	incur	substantial	costs.
Companies,	organizations	or	individuals,	including	our	competitors,	may	hold	or	obtain	patents,	trademarks	or	other	proprietary	rights	that	would
prevent,	limit	or	interfere	with	our	ability	to	make,	use,	develop,	sell	or	market	our	vehicles	or	components,	which	could	make	it	more	difficult	for	us	to
operate	our	business.	From	time	to	time,	we	may	receive	inquiries	from	holders	of	patents	or	trademarks	regarding	their	proprietary	rights.	Companies
holding	patents	or	other	intellectual	property	rights	may	bring	suits	alleging	infringement	of	such
	
50Table	of	Contents
rights	or	otherwise	assert	their	rights	and	seek	licenses.	In	addition,	if	we	are	determined	to	have	infringed	upon	a	third	party​s	intellectual	property
rights,	we	may	be	required	to	do	one	or	more	of	the	following:
	
	
	
cease	selling,	incorporating	or	using	vehicles	or	offering	goods	or	services	that	incorporate	or	use	the	challenged	intellectual	property;
	
	
	
pay	substantial	damages;
	
	
	
obtain	a	license	from	the	holder	of	the	infringed	intellectual	property	right,	which	license	may	not	be	available	on	reasonable	terms	or	at	all;
or
	
	
	
redesign	our	vehicles	or	other	goods	or	services.
In	the	event	of	a	successful	claim	of	infringement	against	us	and	our	failure	or	inability	to	obtain	a	license	to	the	infringed	technology	or	other
intellectual	property	right,	our	business,	prospects,	operating	results	and	financial	condition	could	be	materially	adversely	affected.	In	addition,	any
litigation	or	claims,	whether	or	not	valid,	could	result	in	substantial	costs	and	diversion	of	resources	and	management	attention.
We	may	also	face	claims	that	our	use	of	technology	licensed	or	otherwise	obtained	from	a	third	party	infringes	the	rights	of	others.	In	such	cases,
we	may	seek	indemnification	from	our	licensors/suppliers	under	our	contracts	with	them.	However,	indemnification	may	be	unavailable	or	insufficient	to
cover	our	costs	and	losses,	depending	on	our	use	of	the	technology,	whether	we	choose	to	retain	control	over	conduct	of	the	litigation,	and	other
factors.
Our	business	will	be	adversely	affected	if	we	are	unable	to	protect	our	intellectual	property	rights	from	unauthorized	use	or
infringement	by	third	parties.
Any	failure	to	adequately	protect	our	proprietary	rights	could	result	in	weakening	or	loss	of	such	rights,	which	may	allow	our	competitors	to	offer
similar	or	identical	products	or	use	identical	or	confusingly	similar	branding,	potentially	resulting	in	the	loss	of	some	of	our	competitive	advantage,	a
decrease	in	our	revenue	and	an	attribution	of	potentially	lower	quality	products	to	us,	which	would	adversely	affect	our	business,	prospects,	financial
condition	and	operating	results.	Our	success	depends,	at	least	in	part,	on	our	ability	to	protect	our	core	technology	and	intellectual	property.	To
accomplish	this,	we	rely	on	a	combination	of	patents,	patent	applications,	trade	secrets,	including	know-how,	employee	and	third	party	nondisclosure
agreements,	copyright	protection,	trademarks,	intellectual	property	licenses	and	other	contractual	rights	to	establish	and	protect	our	proprietary	rights
in	our	technology.	We	have	also	received	from	third	parties	patent	licenses	related	to	manufacturing	our	vehicles.
The	protection	provided	by	the	patent	laws	is	and	will	be	important	to	our	future	opportunities.	However,	such	patents	and	agreements	and
various	other	measures	we	take	to	protect	our	intellectual	property	from	use	by	others	may	not	be	effective	for	various	reasons,	including	the	following:
	
	
	
our	pending	patent	applications	may	not	result	in	the	issuance	of	patents;
	
	
	
our	patents,	if	issued,	may	not	be	broad	enough	to	protect	our	commercial	endeavors;
	
	
	
the	patents	we	have	been	granted	may	be	challenged,	invalidated	or	circumvented	because	of	the	pre-existence	of	similar	patented	or
unpatented	technology	or	for	other	reasons;
	
	
	
the	costs	associated	with	obtaining	and	enforcing	patents,	confidentiality	and	invention	agreements	or	other	intellectual	property	rights
may	make	aggressive	enforcement	impracticable;
	
	
	
current	and	future	competitors	may	independently	develop	similar	technology,	duplicate	our	vehicles	or	design	new	vehicles	in	a	way	that
circumvents	our	intellectual	property;	and
	
	
	
our	in-licensed	patents	may	be	invalidated	or	the	holders	of	these	patents	may	seek	to	terminate	or	modify	our	license	arrangements.
Existing	trademark	and	trade	secret	laws	and	confidentiality	agreements	afford	only	limited	protection.	In	addition,	the	laws	of	some	foreign
countries	do	not	protect	our	proprietary	rights	to	the	same	extent	as	do	the
	
51Table	of	Contents
laws	of	the	United	States,	and	policing	the	unauthorized	use	of	our	intellectual	property	is	difficult.	Unauthorized	use	or	infringement	of	our	trademarks
in	countries	which	have	a	​first-to-file​	system	could	affect	our	ability	to	successfully	grow	our	business	internationally.
Our	patent	applications	may	not	result	in	issued	patents,	which	may	have	a	material	adverse	effect	on	our	ability	to	prevent	others
from	commercially	exploiting	products	similar	to	ours.
The	status	of	patents	involves	complex	legal	and	factual	questions	and	the	breadth	of	patented	claims	is	uncertain.	We	cannot	be	certain	that	we
are	the	first	creator	of	inventions	covered	by	pending	patent	applications	or	the	first	to	file	patent	applications	on	these	inventions,	nor	can	we	be
certain	that	our	pending	patent	applications	will	result	in	issued	patents	or	that	any	of	our	issued	patents	will	afford	sufficient	protection	against	a
competitor	with	similar	technology.	In	addition,	patent	applications	filed	in	foreign	countries	are	subject	to	laws,	rules	and	procedures	that	differ	from
those	of	the	United	States,	and	thus	we	cannot	be	certain	that	foreign	patent	applications	related	to	issued	U.S.	patents	will	result	in	issued	patents	in
those	foreign	jurisdictions.	Furthermore,	even	if	these	patent	applications	do	result	in	issued	patents,	some	foreign	countries	provide	significantly	less
effective	patent	enforcement	than	in	the	United	States.	In	addition,	patents	issued	to	us	may	be	infringed	upon	or	designed	around	by	others	and	others
may	obtain	patents	that	we	need	to	license	or	design	around,	either	of	which	would	increase	costs	and	may	adversely	affect	our	business,	prospects,
financial	condition	and	operating	results.
Our	trademark	applications	in	certain	countries	remain	subject	to	outstanding	opposition	proceedings.
We	currently	sell	and	market	our	products	and	services	in	various	countries	under	our	Tesla	marks.	We	have	filed	trademark	applications	for	our
Tesla	marks	and	opposition	proceedings	to	trademark	applications	of	third	parties	in	various	countries	in	which	we	currently	sell	and	plan	to	sell	our
products	and	services.	Certain	of	our	trademark	applications	are	subject	to	outstanding	opposition	proceedings	brought	by	owners	or	applicants
alleging	prior	use	of	similar	marks.	If	we	cannot	resolve	these	oppositions	and	thereby	secure	registered	rights	in	these	countries,	our	ability	to
challenge	third	party	users	of	the	Tesla	marks	will	be	reduced	and	the	value	of	the	marks	representing	our	exclusive	brand	name	in	these	countries	will
be	diluted.	In	addition,	there	is	a	risk	that	the	prior	rights	owners	could	in	the	future	take	actions	to	challenge	our	use	of	the	Tesla	marks	in	these
countries.	Such	actions	could	have	a	severe	impact	on	our	position	in	these	countries	and	may	inhibit	our	ability	to	use	the	Tesla	marks	in	these
countries.	If	we	were	prevented	from	using	the	Tesla	marks	in	any	or	all	of	these	countries,	we	would	need	to	expend	significant	additional	financial	and
marketing	resources	on	establishing	an	alternative	brand	identity	in	these	markets.
Our	facilities	or	operations	could	be	damaged	or	adversely	affected	as	a	result	of	disasters	or	unpredictable	events.
Our	corporate	headquarters	in	Palo	Alto	and	Tesla	Factory	in	Fremont	are	located	in	Northern	California,	a	region	known	for	seismic	activity.	If
major	disasters	such	as	earthquakes,	fires,	floods,	hurricanes,	wars,	terrorist	attacks,	computer	viruses,	pandemics	or	other	events	occur,	or	our
information	system	or	communications	network	breaks	down	or	operates	improperly,	our	headquarters	and	production	facilities	may	be	seriously
damaged,	or	we	may	have	to	stop	or	delay	production	and	shipment	of	our	products.	In	addition,	our	lease	for	our	Palo	Alto	facility	permits	the	landlord
to	terminate	the	lease	following	a	casualty	event	if	the	needed	repairs	are	in	excess	of	certain	thresholds	and	we	do	not	agree	to	pay	for	any	uninsured
amounts.	We	may	incur	expenses	relating	to	such	damages,	which	could	have	a	material	adverse	impact	on	our	business,	operating	results	and	financial
condition.
If	our	suppliers	fail	to	use	ethical	business	practices	and	comply	with	applicable	laws	and	regulations,	our	brand	image	could	be
harmed	due	to	negative	publicity.
Our	core	values,	which	include	developing	the	highest	quality	electric	vehicles	while	operating	with	integrity,	are	an	important	component	of	our
brand	image,	which	makes	our	reputation	particularly	sensitive	to
	
52Table	of	Contents
allegations	of	unethical	business	practices.	We	do	not	control	our	independent	suppliers	or	their	business	practices.	Accordingly,	we	cannot	guarantee
their	compliance	with	ethical	business	practices,	such	as	environmental	responsibility,	fair	wage	practices,	appropriate	sourcing	of	raw	materials,	and
compliance	with	child	labor	laws,	among	others.	A	lack	of	demonstrated	compliance	could	lead	us	to	seek	alternative	suppliers,	which	could	increase
our	costs	and	result	in	delayed	delivery	of	our	products,	product	shortages	or	other	disruptions	of	our	operations.
Violation	of	labor	or	other	laws	by	our	suppliers	or	the	divergence	of	an	independent	supplier​s	labor	or	other	practices	from	those	generally
accepted	as	ethical	in	the	United	States	or	other	markets	in	which	we	do	business	could	also	attract	negative	publicity	for	us	and	our	brand.	This	could
diminish	the	value	of	our	brand	image	and	reduce	demand	for	our	performance	electric	vehicles	if,	as	a	result	of	such	violation,	we	were	to	attract
negative	publicity.	If	we,	or	other	manufacturers	in	our	industry,	encounter	similar	problems	in	the	future,	it	could	harm	our	brand	image,	business,
prospects,	financial	condition	and	operating	results.
We	are	obligated	to	develop	and	maintain	proper	and	effective	internal	control	over	financial	reporting.	We	may	not	complete	our
analysis	of	our	internal	control	over	financial	reporting	in	a	timely	manner,	or	these	internal	controls	may	not	be	determined	to	be
effective,	which	may	adversely	affect	investor	confidence	in	our	company	and,	as	a	result,	the	value	of	our	common	stock.
We	are	required,	pursuant	to	Section	404	of	the	Sarbanes-Oxley	Act,	to	furnish	a	report	by	management	on,	among	other	things,	the	effectiveness
of	our	internal	control	over	financial	reporting.	This	assessment	includes	disclosure	of	any	material	weaknesses	identified	by	our	management	in	our
internal	control	over	financial	reporting,	as	well	as	a	statement	that	our	independent	registered	public	accounting	firm	has	issued	an	attestation	report
on	the	effectiveness	of	our	internal	control	over	financial	reporting.
Complying	with	Section	404	requires	a	rigorous	compliance	program	as	well	as	adequate	time	and	resources.	As	a	result	of	developing,	improving
and	expanding	our	core	information	technology	systems	as	well	as	implementing	new	systems	to	support	our	sales,	engineering,	supply	chain	and
manufacturing	activities,	all	of	which	require	significant	management	time	and	support,	we	may	not	be	able	to	complete	our	internal	control	evaluation,
testing	and	any	required	remediation	in	a	timely	fashion.	Additionally,	if	we	identify	one	or	more	material	weaknesses	in	our	internal	control	over
financial	reporting,	we	may	be	unable	to	assert	that	our	internal	controls	are	effective.	For	example,	our	management	concluded	that	our	internal
control	over	financial	reporting	was	ineffective	as	of	December	31,	2012	because	a	material	weakness	existed	in	our	internal	control	over	financial
reporting	related	to	the	presentation	and	disclosure	of	non-cash	capital	expenditures	in	our	consolidated	statements	of	cash	flows.	If	we	are	unable	to
assert	that	our	internal	control	over	financial	reporting	is	effective,	or	if	our	independent	registered	public	accounting	firm	is	unable	to	express	an
opinion	on	the	effectiveness	of	our	internal	controls,	we	could	lose	investor	confidence	in	the	accuracy	and	completeness	of	our	financial	reports,	which
would	have	a	material	adverse	effect	on	the	price	of	our	common	stock.
Servicing	our	convertible	senior	notes	requires	a	significant	amount	of	cash,	and	we	may	not	have	sufficient	cash	flow	from	our
business	to	pay	our	substantial	debt.
We	incurred	$660.0	million	in	aggregate	principal	amount	of	senior	indebtedness	in	May	2013	when	we	issued	pursuant	to	registered	public
offerings	1.50%	convertible	senior	notes	due	2018	(the	Notes).	Our	ability	to	make	scheduled	payments	of	the	principal	of,	to	pay	interest	on,	make
payments	upon	conversion	or	to	refinance	the	Notes,	depends	on	our	future	performance,	which	is	subject	to	economic,	financial,	competitive	and	other
factors	beyond	our	control.	Our	business	may	not	continue	to	generate	cash	flow	from	operations	in	the	future	sufficient	to	satisfy	our	obligations	under
the	Notes	and	any	future	indebtedness	we	may	incur	and	to	make	necessary	capital	expenditures.	If	we	are	unable	to	generate	such	cash	flow,	we	may
be	required	to	adopt	one	or	more	alternatives,	such	as	reducing	or	delaying	investments	or	capital	expenditures,	selling	assets,	refinancing	or	obtaining
additional	equity	capital	on	terms	that	may	be	onerous	or	highly	dilutive.	Our	ability	to	refinance	the	Notes	or	future	indebtedness	will	depend	on	the
capital	markets	and	our	financial	condition	at	such	time.	We	may	not	be	able	to	engage	in	any	of	these	activities	or	engage	in	these	activities	on
desirable	terms,	which	could	result	in	a	default	on	the	Notes	or	future	indebtedness.
	
53Table	of	Contents
Pursuant	to	their	terms,	holders	may	convert	their	Notes	at	their	option	at	any	time	prior	to	the	close	of	business	on	the	business	day	immediately
preceding	March	1,	2018	only	under	certain	circumstances.	For	example,	holders	may	convert	their	Notes	at	their	option	during	any	quarter
commencing	after	the	third	quarter	of	2013	(and	only	during	such	quarter)	if	the	last	reported	sale	price	of	our	common	stock	for	at	least	20	trading
days	(whether	or	not	consecutive)	during	a	period	of	30	consecutive	trading	days	ending	on	the	last	trading	day	of	the	immediately	preceding	quarter	is
greater	than	or	equal	to	130%	of	the	conversion	price	for	such	series	of	notes	on	each	applicable	trading	day.	This	condition	was	met	in	the	third
quarter	of	2013,	and	consequently	the	Notes	were	convertible	by	their	holders	during	the	fourth	quarter	of	2013.	However,	the	sales	price	condition
was	not	met	in	the	fourth	quarter	of	2013	and,	therefore,	the	Notes	are	not	convertible	during	the	first	quarter	of	2014	but	may	be	convertible	in	future
periods.	Should	such	sales	price	condition	be	met	in	any	future	quarter,	the	Notes	will	again	be	convertible	by	their	holders	during	the	immediately
following	quarter.	Upon	conversion	of	the	Notes,	we	will	be	obligated	to	make	cash	payments	in	respect	of	the	principal	amounts	thereof,	and	we	may
also	have	to	deliver	cash	and,	if	applicable,	shares	of	our	common	stock,	in	respect	of	such	Notes.	Any	conversion	of	the	Notes	prior	to	their	maturity,	or
acceleration	of	the	repayment	of	the	Notes	or	future	indebtedness	after	any	applicable	notice	or	grace	periods	could	have	a	material	adverse	effect	on
our	business,	results	of	operations	and	financial	condition.	Even	if	holders	do	not	elect	to	convert	their	Notes,	if	the	Notes	become	convertible	we	could
be	required	under	applicable	accounting	rules	to	reclassify	all	or	a	portion	of	the	outstanding	principal	of	the	Notes	as	a	current	rather	than	long-term
liability,	which	would	result	in	a	material	adverse	impact	on	our	reported	financial	results.
In	addition,	holders	of	the	Notes	will	have	the	right	to	require	us	to	purchase	their	Notes	upon	the	occurrence	of	a	fundamental	change	at	a
purchase	price	equal	to	100%	of	the	principal	amount	of	the	Notes,	plus	accrued	and	unpaid	interest,	if	any,	to,	but	not	including,	the	fundamental
change	purchase	date.	However,	we	may	not	have	enough	available	cash	or	be	able	to	obtain	financing	at	the	time	we	are	required	to	make	purchases
of	Notes	surrendered	therefor	or	Notes	being	converted.	In	addition,	our	ability	to	purchase	the	Notes	or	to	pay	cash	upon	conversions	of	the	Notes	may
be	limited	by	law,	by	regulatory	authority	or	by	agreements	governing	our	future	indebtedness.	Our	failure	to	purchase	Notes	at	a	time	when	the
purchase	is	required	by	the	indenture	or	to	pay	cash	payable	on	future	conversions	of	the	Notes	as	required	by	the	indenture	would	constitute	a	default
under	the	indenture.	If	the	repayment	of	the	related	indebtedness	were	to	be	accelerated	after	any	applicable	notice	or	grace	periods,	we	may	not	have
sufficient	funds	to	repay	the	indebtedness	and	purchase	the	Notes	or	make	cash	payments	upon	conversions	thereof.
We	may	still	incur	substantially	more	debt	or	take	other	actions,	which	would	intensify	the	risks	discussed	above.
We	and	our	subsidiaries	may	be	able	to	incur	substantial	additional	debt	in	the	future.	We	are	not	restricted	under	the	terms	of	the	indenture
governing	the	Notes,	or	the	indenture,	from	incurring	additional	debt,	securing	existing	or	future	debt,	recapitalizing	our	debt	or	taking	a	number	of
other	actions	that	are	not	limited	by	the	terms	of	the	indenture	that	could	have	the	effect	of	diminishing	our	ability	to	make	payments	on	the	Notes
when	due.
The	classification	of	our	Notes	may	have	a	material	effect	on	our	reported	financial	results.
Holders	may	convert	their	Notes	at	their	option	at	any	time	prior	to	the	close	of	business	on	the	business	day	immediately	preceding	March	1,
2018	only	under	certain	circumstances.	For	example,	holders	may	convert	their	Notes	at	their	option	during	any	quarter	commencing	after	the	third
quarter	of	2013	(and	only	during	such	quarter)	if	the	last	reported	sale	price	of	our	common	stock	for	at	least	20	trading	days	(whether	or	not
consecutive)	during	a	period	of	30	consecutive	trading	days	ending	on	the	last	trading	day	of	the	immediately	preceding	quarter	is	greater	than	or	equal
to	130%	of	the	conversion	price	for	the	Notes	on	each	trading	day.	This	condition	was	met	in	the	third	quarter	of	2013,	and	consequently	the	Notes
were	convertible	by	their	holders	during	the	fourth	quarter	of	2013.	However,	the	sales	price	condition	was	not	met	in	the	fourth	quarter	of	2013	and,
therefore,	the	Notes	are	not	convertible	during	the	first	quarter	of	2014	but	may	be	convertible	in	future	periods.	If	the	Notes	become	convertible	prior
to	March	1,	2018,	we	would	be	required	to	reclassify	our	Notes	and	the	related	debt	issuance	costs	as	current	liabilities	and	certain	portions	of	our
equity	outside	of	equity	to
	
54Table	of	Contents
mezzanine	equity,	which	would	have	an	adverse	impact	on	our	reported	financial	results	for	such	quarter,	and	could	have	an	adverse	impact	on	the
market	price	of	our	common	stock.
Risks	Related	to	the	Ownership	of	our	Common	Stock
Concentration	of	ownership	among	our	existing	executive	officers,	directors	and	their	affiliates	may	prevent	new	investors	from
influencing	significant	corporate	decisions.
As	of	December	31,	2013,	our	executive	officers,	directors	and	their	affiliates	beneficially	owned,	in	the	aggregate,	approximately	28.4%	of	our
outstanding	shares	of	common	stock.	In	particular,	Elon	Musk,	our	Chief	Executive	Officer,	Product	Architect	and	Chairman	of	our	Board	of	Directors,
beneficially	owned	approximately	27.0%	of	our	outstanding	shares	of	common	stock	as	of	December	31,	2013.	As	a	result,	these	stockholders	will	be
able	to	exercise	a	significant	level	of	control	over	all	matters	requiring	stockholder	approval,	including	the	election	of	directors,	amendment	of	our
certificate	of	incorporation	and	approval	of	significant	corporate	transactions.	This	control	could	have	the	effect	of	delaying	or	preventing	a	change	of
control	of	our	company	or	changes	in	management	and	will	make	the	approval	of	certain	transactions	difficult	or	impossible	without	the	support	of
these	stockholders.
The	trading	price	of	our	common	stock	is	likely	to	continue	to	be	volatile.
Our	shares	of	common	stock	began	trading	on	the	Nasdaq	Global	Select	Market	on	June	29,	2010	and,	therefore,	the	trading	history	for	our
common	stock	has	been	limited.	In	addition,	the	trading	price	of	our	common	stock	has	been	highly	volatile	and	could	continue	to	be	subject	to	wide
fluctuations	in	response	to	various	factors,	some	of	which	are	beyond	our	control.	Our	common	stock	has	experienced	an	intra-day	trading	high	of
$259.20	per	share	and	a	low	of	$33.80	per	share	over	the	last	52	weeks.
In	addition,	the	stock	market	in	general,	and	the	market	for	technology	companies	in	particular,	has	experienced	extreme	price	and	volume
fluctuations	that	have	often	been	unrelated	or	disproportionate	to	the	operating	performance	of	those	companies.	Broad	market	and	industry	factors
may	seriously	affect	the	market	price	of	companies​	stock,	including	ours,	regardless	of	actual	operating	performance.	These	fluctuations	may	be	even
more	pronounced	in	the	trading	market	for	our	stock	during	the	period	following	a	securities	offering.	In	addition,	in	the	past,	following	periods	of
volatility	in	the	overall	market	and	the	market	price	of	a	particular	company​s	securities,	securities	class	action	litigation	has	often	been	instituted
against	these	companies.	For	example,	a	shareholder	litigation	like	this	has	recently	been	instituted	against	us.	While	we	do	not	believe	that	it	has
merit,	this	litigation	or	others	like	it	could	result	in	substantial	costs	and	a	diversion	of	our	management​s	attention	and	resources.
A	substantial	portion	of	our	total	outstanding	shares	are	held	by	a	small	number	of	insiders	and	investors	and	may	be	sold	in	the	near
future.	The	large	number	of	shares	eligible	for	public	sale	or	subject	to	rights	requiring	us	to	register	them	for	public	sale	could
depress	the	market	price	of	our	common	stock.
The	market	price	of	our	common	stock	could	decline	as	a	result	of	sales	of	a	large	number	of	shares	of	our	common	stock	in	the	market	in	the
future,	and	the	perception	that	these	sales	could	occur	may	also	depress	the	market	price	of	our	common	stock.	Stockholders	owning	a	substantial
portion	of	our	total	outstanding	shares	are	entitled,	under	contracts	providing	for	registration	rights,	to	require	us	to	register	shares	of	our	common
stock	owned	by	them	for	public	sale	in	the	United	States,	subject	to	the	restrictions	of	Rule	144.	In	addition,	we	have	registered	shares	previously
issued	or	reserved	for	future	issuance	under	our	equity	compensation	plans	and	agreements,	a	portion	of	which	are	related	to	outstanding	option
awards.	Subject	to	the	satisfaction	of	applicable	exercise	periods	and,	in	certain	cases,	lock-up	agreements,	the	shares	of	common	stock	issued	upon
exercise	of	outstanding	options	will	be	available	for	immediate	resale	in	the	United	States	in	the	open	market.	Sales	of	our	common	stock	as	restrictions
end	or	pursuant	to	registration	rights	may	make	it	more	difficult	for	us	to	sell	equity	securities	in	the	future	at	a	time	and	at	a	price	that	we	deem
appropriate.	These	sales	also	could	cause	our	stock	price	to	fall	and	make	it	more	difficult	to	sell	shares	of	our	common	stock.
	
55Table	of	Contents
Conversion	of	the	Notes	may	dilute	the	ownership	interest	of	existing	stockholders,	including	holders	who	had	previously	converted
their	Notes,	or	may	otherwise	depress	the	price	of	our	common	stock.
The	conversion	of	some	or	all	of	the	Notes	will	dilute	the	ownership	interests	of	existing	stockholders	to	the	extent	we	deliver	shares	upon
conversion	of	any	of	the	Notes.	As	described	in	the	Risk	Factor	​
Servicing	our	convertible	senior	notes	requires	a	significant	amount	of	cash,	and	we	may
not	have	sufficient	cash	flow	from	our	business	to	pay	our	substantial	debt,​	
the	Notes	were	convertible	by	their	holders	during	the	fourth	quarter	of
2013,	and	while	they	are	not	convertible	during	the	first	quarter	of	2014,	they	may	again	become	convertible	in	future	periods	if	a	condition	to
conversion	for	the	Notes	is	met.	Any	sales	in	the	public	market	of	the	common	stock	issuable	upon	such	conversion	could	adversely	affect	prevailing
market	prices	of	our	common	stock.	In	addition,	the	existence	of	the	Notes	may	encourage	short	selling	by	market	participants	because	the	conversion
of	the	Notes	could	be	used	to	satisfy	short	positions,	or	anticipated	conversion	of	the	Notes	into	shares	of	our	common	stock	could	depress	the	price	of
our	common	stock.
The	convertible	note	hedge	and	warrant	transactions	we	entered	into	in	connection	with	the	issuance	of	Notes	may	affect	the	value	of
the	Notes	and	our	common	stock.
In	connection	with	the	issuance	of	the	Notes,	we	entered	into	convertible	note	hedge	transactions	with	the	hedge	counterparties.	The	convertible
note	hedge	transactions	cover,	subject	to	customary	anti-dilution	adjustments,	the	number	of	shares	of	our	common	stock	that	initially	underlay	the
Notes.	The	convertible	note	hedge	transactions	are	expected	to	reduce	the	potential	dilution	and/or	offset	potential	cash	payments	we	are	required	to
make	in	excess	of	the	principal	amount	upon	conversion	of	the	Notes.	We	also	entered	into	warrant	transactions	with	the	hedge	counterparties	relating
to	the	same	number	of	shares	of	our	common	stock,	subject	to	customary	anti-dilution	adjustments.	However,	the	warrant	transactions	could	separately
have	a	dilutive	effect	on	our	common	stock	to	the	extent	that	the	market	price	per	share	of	our	common	stock	exceeds	the	applicable	strike	price	of	the
warrants	on	the	applicable	expiration	dates.
In	addition,	the	hedge	counterparties	or	their	affiliates	may	modify	their	hedge	positions	by	entering	into	or	unwinding	various	derivatives	with
respect	to	our	common	stock	and/or	purchasing	or	selling	our	common	stock	or	other	securities	of	ours	in	secondary	market	transactions	prior	to	the
maturity	of	the	Notes	(and	are	likely	to	do	so	during	any	observation	period	related	to	a	conversion	of	Notes).	This	activity	could	also	cause	or	prevent
an	increase	or	a	decrease	in	the	market	price	of	our	common	stock	or	the	Notes.
We	do	not	make	any	representation	or	prediction	as	to	the	direction	or	magnitude	of	any	potential	effect	that	the	transactions	described	above
may	have	on	the	price	of	the	Notes	or	the	shares	of	our	common	stock.	In	addition,	we	do	not	make	any	representation	that	the	hedge	counterparties
have	engaged	or	will	engage	in	these	transactions	or	that	these	transactions,	once	commenced,	will	not	be	discontinued	without	notice.
Mr.	Musk	borrowed	funds	from	affiliates	of	certain	underwriters	in	our	public	offerings	and/or	private	placements	in	2011	and	2013
and	has	pledged	shares	of	our	common	stock	to	secure	these	borrowings.	The	forced	sale	of	these	shares	pursuant	to	a	margin	call
could	cause	our	stock	price	to	decline	and	negatively	impact	our	business.
Beginning	in	June	2011,	Goldman	Sachs	Bank	USA,	an	affiliate	of	Goldman,	Sachs	&	Co.,	has	made	extensions	of	credit	in	the	aggregate	amount
of	$275	million	to	Elon	Musk	and	the	Elon	Musk	Revocable	Trust	dated	July	22,	2003,	or	the	Trust,	a	portion	of	which	Mr.	Musk	used	to	purchase	shares
of	common	stock	in	our	public	offering	in	May	2013	and	private	placements	in	June	2011	and	June	2013.	Interest	on	the	loan	accrues	at	market	rates.
Goldman	Sachs	Bank	USA	received	customary	fees	and	expense	reimbursements	in	connection	with	these	loans.	As	a	regulated	entity,	Goldman	Sachs
Bank	USA	makes	decisions	regarding	making	and	managing	its	loans	independent	of	Goldman,	Sachs	&	Co.	Mr.	Musk	and	Goldman	have	a	long-
standing	relationship	of	almost	a	decade.	In	addition,	Morgan	Stanley	Smith	Barney	LLC,	an	affiliate	of	Morgan	Stanley	&	Co.	LLC,	has	made	a	loan	to
Mr.	Musk	in	the	aggregate	amount	of	$25	million.	Interest	on	this	loan	accrues	at	market	rates.	Morgan	Stanley	Smith	Barney	LLC	received	customary
fees	and	expense	reimbursements	in	connection	with	this	loan.
	
56Table	of	Contents
We	are	not	a	party	to	these	loans,	which	are	full	recourse	against	Mr.	Musk	and	the	Trust	and	are	secured	by	pledges	of	a	portion	of	the	Tesla
common	stock	currently	owned	by	Mr.	Musk	and	the	Trust	and	other	shares	of	capital	stock	of	unrelated	entities	owned	by	Mr.	Musk	and	the	Trust.	The
terms	of	these	loans	were	negotiated	directly	between	Mr.	Musk	and	Goldman	Sachs	Bank	USA	and	Morgan	Stanley	Smith	Barney	LLC.
If	the	price	of	our	common	stock	declines,	Mr.	Musk	may	be	forced	by	Goldman	Sachs	Bank	USA	and/or	Morgan	Stanley	Smith	Barney	LLC	to
provide	additional	collateral	for	the	loans	or	to	sell	shares	of	Tesla	common	stock	in	order	to	remain	within	the	margin	limitations	imposed	under	the
terms	of	his	loans.	The	loans	between	Goldman	Sachs	Bank	USA	and	Morgan	Stanley	Smith	Barney	LLC	on	the	one	hand,	and	Mr.	Musk	and	the	Trust
on	the	other	hand,	prohibit	the	non-pledged	shares	currently	owned	by	Mr.	Musk	and	the	Trust	from	being	pledged	to	secure	any	other	loans.	These
factors	may	limit	Mr.	Musk​s	ability	to	either	pledge	additional	shares	of	Tesla	common	stock	or	sell	shares	of	Tesla	common	stock	as	a	means	to	avoid
or	satisfy	a	margin	call	with	respect	to	his	pledged	Tesla	common	stock	in	the	event	of	a	decline	in	our	stock	price	that	is	large	enough	to	trigger	a
margin	call.	Any	sales	of	common	stock	following	a	margin	call	that	is	not	satisfied	may	cause	the	price	of	our	common	stock	to	decline	further.
Anti-takeover	provisions	contained	in	our	certificate	of	incorporation	and	bylaws,	the	provisions	of	Delaware	law,	and	the	terms	of	our
convertible	notes	could	impair	a	takeover	attempt.
Our	certificate	of	incorporation,	bylaws,	Delaware	law	and	the	terms	of	our	Notes	contain	provisions	which	could	have	the	effect	of	rendering
more	difficult,	delaying	or	preventing	an	acquisition	deemed	undesirable	by	our	board	of	directors.	Our	corporate	governance	documents	include
provisions:
	
	
	
creating	a	classified	board	of	directors	whose	members	serve	staggered	three-year	terms;
	
	
	
authorizing	​blank	check​	preferred	stock,	which	could	be	issued	by	the	board	without	stockholder	approval	and	may	contain	voting,
liquidation,	dividend	and	other	rights	superior	to	our	common	stock;
	
	
	
limiting	the	liability	of,	and	providing	indemnification	to,	our	directors	and	officers;
	
	
	
limiting	the	ability	of	our	stockholders	to	call	and	bring	business	before	special	meetings;
	
	
	
requiring	advance	notice	of	stockholder	proposals	for	business	to	be	conducted	at	meetings	of	our	stockholders	and	for	nominations	of
candidates	for	election	to	our	board	of	directors;
	
	
	
controlling	the	procedures	for	the	conduct	and	scheduling	of	board	and	stockholder	meetings;	and
	
	
	
providing	the	board	of	directors	with	the	express	power	to	postpone	previously	scheduled	annual	meetings	and	to	cancel	previously
scheduled	special	meetings.
These	provisions,	alone	or	together,	could	delay	or	prevent	hostile	takeovers	and	changes	in	control	or	changes	in	our	management.
As	a	Delaware	corporation,	we	are	also	subject	to	provisions	of	Delaware	law,	including	Section	203	of	the	Delaware	General	Corporation	law,
which	prevents	some	stockholders	holding	more	than	15%	of	our	outstanding	common	stock	from	engaging	in	certain	business	combinations	without
approval	of	the	holders	of	substantially	all	of	our	outstanding	common	stock.
Any	provision	of	our	certificate	of	incorporation	or	bylaws	or	Delaware	law	that	has	the	effect	of	delaying	or	deterring	a	change	in	control	could
limit	the	opportunity	for	our	stockholders	to	receive	a	premium	for	their	shares	of	our	common	stock,	and	could	also	affect	the	price	that	some	investors
are	willing	to	pay	for	our	common	stock.
In	addition,	the	terms	of	the	convertible	notes	require	us	to	repurchase	the	convertible	notes	in	the	event	of	a	fundamental	change.	A	takeover	of
our	company	would	trigger	an	option	of	the	holders	of	the	convertible	notes	to	require	us	to	repurchase	the	convertible	notes.	This	may	have	the	effect
of	delaying	or	preventing	a	takeover	of	our	company	that	would	otherwise	be	beneficial	to	our	stockholders	or	investors	in	the	convertible	notes.
	
57Table	of	Contents
The	fundamental	change	repurchase	feature	of	the	Notes	may	delay	or	prevent	an	otherwise	beneficial	attempt	to	take	over	our
company.
The	terms	of	the	Notes	require	us	to	repurchase	the	Notes	in	the	event	of	a	fundamental	change.	A	takeover	of	our	company	would	trigger	an
option	of	the	holders	of	the	Notes	to	require	us	to	repurchase	the	Notes.	This	may	have	the	effect	of	delaying	or	preventing	a	takeover	of	our	company
that	would	otherwise	be	beneficial	to	our	stockholders	or	investors	in	the	Notes.
If	securities	or	industry	analysts	publishing	research	or	reports	about	us,	our	business	or	our	market	change	their	recommendations
regarding	our	stock	adversely	or	cease	to	publish	research	or	reports	about	us,	our	stock	price	and	trading	volume	could	decline.
The	trading	market	for	our	common	stock	will	be	influenced	by	the	research	and	reports	that	industry	or	securities	analysts	may	publish	about	us,
our	business,	our	market	or	our	competitors.	If	any	of	the	analysts	who	may	cover	us	change	their	recommendation	regarding	our	stock	adversely,	or
provide	more	favorable	relative	recommendations	about	our	competitors,	our	stock	price	would	likely	decline.	If	any	analyst	who	may	cover	us	were	to
cease	coverage	of	our	company	or	fail	to	regularly	publish	reports	on	us,	we	could	lose	visibility	in	the	financial	markets,	which	in	turn	could	cause	our
stock	price	or	trading	volume	to	decline.
We	do	not	expect	to	declare	any	dividends	in	the	foreseeable	future.
We	do	not	anticipate	declaring	any	cash	dividends	to	holders	of	our	common	stock	in	the	foreseeable	future.	Consequently,	investors	may	need	to
rely	on	sales	of	their	common	stock	after	price	appreciation,	which	may	never	occur,	as	the	only	way	to	realize	any	future	gains	on	their	investment.
Investors	seeking	cash	dividends	should	not	purchase	our	common	stock.
	
ITEM	1B.
UNRESOLVED	STAFF	COMMENTS
None.
	
ITEM	2.
PROPERTIES
Our	corporate	headquarters	is	based	in	Palo	Alto,	California.	We	have	a	lease	with	Stanford	University	for	350,000	square	feet	which	expires	in
January	2020.	In	May	2010,	we	entered	into	an	agreement	to	purchase	an	existing	automobile	production	facility	located	in	Fremont,	California	from
NUMMI,	which	is	a	joint	venture	between	Toyota,	and	Motors	Liquidation	Company,	the	owner	of	selected	assets	of	General	Motors.	In	October	2010,
we	completed	the	purchase	and	received	title	to	the	facility	and	land	(the	Tesla	Factory).	The	total	cash	paid	was	$42.0	million.	The	purchase	totaled
210	acres,	or	approximately	55%	of	the	land	at	the	site,	and	included	all	of	the	manufacturing	facilities	located	thereon	totaling	approximately
5.4	million	square	feet.	We	are	required	to	comply	with	environmental	regulations	in	connection	with	our	Tesla	Factory	in	Fremont,	California.	In
October	2010,	we	and	NUMMI	amended	the	May	2010	purchase	agreement	to	include	the	transfer	to	us	of	certain	operating	permits,	or	emission
credits,	for	additional	consideration	of	$6.5	million.	We	completed	the	transfer	of	these	permits	in	October	2010.	We	commenced	the	production	of	our
Model	S	vehicle	and	powertrain	components	and	systems	in	June	2012	at	the	Tesla	Factory.	We	also	intend	to	build	our	future	vehicles	at	the	Tesla
Factory.	In	July	2013,	we	completed	the	purchase	of	approximately	31	acres	of	land	located	in	Fremont,	California	that	is	adjacent	to	the	Tesla	Factory
for	potential	future	expansion.	We	paid	$18.5	million	related	to	this	purchase.	Outside	of	our	Tesla	Factory,	we	do	not	currently	own	any	of	our
facilities.
	
58Table	of	Contents
The	following	table	sets	forth	the	location,	approximate	size	and	primary	use	of	our	principal	leased	facilities:
	
Location	(1)
		
Approximate
Size		(Building)
in	Square	Feet
	
		
Primary	Use
		
Lease
Expiration
Date
Palo	Alto,	California
		
	
350,000
		
		
Administration,	engineering	services	and	powertrain
development	services
		
January	2020
Tilburg,	Netherlands
		
	
203,772
		
		
Administration,	engineering	services,	powertrain
development	services,	parts	warehousing,	final
vehicle	assembly	and	vehicle	service
		
November	2023
Hawthorne,	California
		
	
132,250
		
		
Vehicle	engineering	and	design	services
		
December	2022
Maidenhead,	United	Kingdom
		
	
8,870
		
		
Administration,	sales,	service	and	marketing	services
		
November	2015
Beijing,	China
		
	
8,190
		
		
Administration,	sales	and	marketing	services
		
November	2017
	
(1)
We	also	lease	a	number	of	properties	in	North	America,	Europe	and	Asia	for	our	retail	and	service	locations	as	well	as	Supercharger	sites.
We	currently	intend	to	add	new	facilities	or	expand	our	existing	facilities	as	we	add	employees	and	expand	our	network	of	stores	and	galleries,
service	locations	and	Supercharger	sites.	We	believe	that	suitable	additional	or	alternative	space	will	be	available	in	the	future	on	commercially
reasonable	terms	to	accommodate	our	foreseeable	future	expansion.
	
ITEM	3.
LEGAL	PROCEEDINGS
Securities	Litigation
In	November	2013,	a	putative	securities	class	action	lawsuit	was	filed	against	Tesla	in	U.S.	District	Court,	Northern	District	of	California,	alleging
violations	of,	and	seeking	remedies	pursuant	to,	Sections	10(b)	and	20(a)	of	the	Securities	Exchange	Act	of	1934	and	Rule	10b-5.	The	claims	were
originally	asserted	by	plaintiff	Robert	Rahimi,	against	Tesla	and	two	of	its	executive	officers,	Elon	Musk	and	Deepak	Ahuja.	On	February	14,	2014,	the
Court	granted	the	motion	of	Kazim	Acar	to	serve	as	lead	plaintiff,	and	gave	him	leave	to	file	an	amended	complaint	within	60	days.	The	current
complaint	seeks	damages,	attorney	fees	and	other	relief,	and	alleges,	among	other	things,	that	Tesla	made	false	and/or	misleading	representations	and
omissions	including	with	respect	to	the	safety	of	the	Model	S	vehicle	and	Tesla​s	ability	to	meet	public	expectations	with	respect	to	its	financial
performance.	The	current	complaint	is	brought	on	behalf	of	a	putative	class	consisting	of	​all	persons	other	than	Defendants	who	purchased	Tesla​s
securities	between	May	10,	2013	and	November	6,	2013,	inclusive.​	It	is	possible	the	amended	complaint	will	modify	the	class	or	the	class	period.	We
believe	this	lawsuit	is	without	merit	and	intend	to	defend	against	it	vigorously.
Other	Matters
From	time	to	time,	we	are	subject	to	various	other	legal	proceedings	that	arise	from	the	normal	course	of	business	activities.	In	addition,	from
time	to	time,	third	parties	may	assert	intellectual	property	infringement	claims	against	us	in	the	form	of	letters	and	other	forms	of	communication.	If	an
unfavorable	ruling	were	to	occur,	there	exists	the	possibility	of	a	material	adverse	impact	on	our	results	of	operations,	prospects,	cash	flows,	financial
position	and	brand.
	
59Table	of	Contents
PART	II
	
ITEM	5.
MARKET	FOR	REGISTRANT​S	COMMON	EQUITY,	RELATED	STOCKHOLDER	MATTERS	AND	ISSUER	PURCHASES	OF	EQUITY
SECURITIES
Market	Information
Our	common	stock	has	traded	on	The	NASDAQ	Global	Select	Market	under	the	symbol	​TSLA​	since	it	began	trading	on	June	29,	2010.	Our	initial
public	offering	was	priced	at	$17.00	per	share	on	June	28,	2010.	The	following	table	sets	forth,	for	the	time	period	indicated,	the	high	and	low	closing
sales	price	of	our	common	stock	as	reported	on	The	NASDAQ	Global	Select	Market.
	
	
		
2013
	
		
2012
	
	
		
High
	
		
Low
	
		
High
	
		
Low
	
First	Quarter
		
$
39.48
		
		
$
32.91
		
		
$
37.94
		
		
$
22.79
		
Second	Quarter
		
	
110.33
		
		
	
40.50
		
		
	
38.01
		
		
	
27.56
		
Third	Quarter
		
	
193.37
		
		
	
109.05
		
		
	
35.96
		
		
	
26.10
		
Fourth	Quarter
		
	
193.00
		
		
	
120.50
		
		
	
35.28
		
		
	
27.33
		
Holders
As	of	January	31,	2014,	there	were	699	holders	of	record	of	our	common	stock.	A	substantially	greater	number	of	holders	of	our	common	stock
are	​street	name,​	or	beneficial,	holders,	whose	shares	are	held	by	banks,	brokers	and	other	financial	institutions.
Dividend	Policy
We	have	never	declared	or	paid	cash	dividends	on	our	common	stock.	We	currently	do	not	anticipate	paying	any	cash	dividends	in	the	foreseeable
future.	Any	future	determination	to	declare	cash	dividends	will	be	made	at	the	discretion	of	our	board	of	directors,	subject	to	applicable	laws,	and	will
depend	on	our	financial	condition,	results	of	operations,	capital	requirements,	general	business	conditions	and	other	factors	that	our	board	of	directors
may	deem	relevant.
Stock	Performance	Graph
This	performance	graph	shall	not	be	deemed	​filed​	for	purposes	of	Section	18	of	the	Securities	Exchange	Act	of	1934,	as	amended	(the	Exchange
Act),	or	incorporated	by	reference	into	any	filing	of	Tesla	Motors,	Inc.	under	the	Securities	Act	of	1933,	as	amended,	or	the	Exchange	Act,	except	as
shall	be	expressly	set	forth	by	specific	reference	in	such	filing.
The	following	graph	shows	a	comparison	from	June	29,	2010	through	December	31,	2013,	of	the	cumulative	total	return	for	our	common	stock,
the	NASDAQ	Composite	Index,	and	a	group	of	all	public	companies	sharing	the	same	SIC	code	as	us	which	is	SIC	code	3711,	​Motor	Vehicles	and
Passenger	Car	Bodies​	(Motor	Vehicles	and	Passenger	Car	Bodies	Public	Company	Group).	Such	returns	are	based	on	historical	results	and	are	not
intended	to	suggest	future	performance.	Data	for	The	NASDAQ	Composite	Index	and	the	Motor	Vehicles	and	Passenger	Car	Bodies	Public	Company
Group	assumes	an	investment	of	$100	on	June	29,	2010	and	reinvestment	of	dividends.	We	have	never	declared	or	paid	cash	dividends	on	our	capital
stock	nor	do	we	anticipate	paying	any	such	cash	dividends	in	the	foreseeable	future.
	
60Table	of	Contents
	
Unregistered	Sales	of	Equity	Securities
None.
Purchases	of	Equity	Securities	by	the	Issuer	and	Affiliated	Purchasers
None.
	
61Table	of	Contents
ITEM	6.
SELECTED	FINANCIAL	DATA
The	following	selected	consolidated	financial	data	should	be	read	in	conjunction	with	​Management​s	Discussion	and	Analysis	of	Financial
Condition	and	Results	of	Operations​	and	our	consolidated	financial	statements	and	the	related	notes	included	elsewhere	in	this	Annual	Report	on	Form
10-K.
The	following	selected	consolidated	financial	data	also	reflects	the	1-for-3	reverse	stock	split	of	our	outstanding	common	stock	effected	in	May
2010.
	
	
	
Year	Ended	December	31,
	
	
	
2013
	
	
2012
	
	
2011
	
	
2010
	
	
2009
	
	
	
(in	thousands,	except	share	and	per	share	data)
	
Consolidated	Statements	of	Operations	Data:
	
	
	
	
	
Revenues:
	
	
	
	
	
Automotive	sales
	
$
1,997,786
		
	
$
385,699
		
	
$
148,568
		
	
$
97,078
		
	
$
111,943
		
Development	services
	
	
15,710
		
	
	
27,557
		
	
	
55,674
		
	
	
19,666
		
	
	
​		
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
Total	revenues
	
	
2,013,496
		
	
	
413,256
		
	
	
204,242
		
	
	
116,744
		
	
	
111,943
		
Cost	of	revenues	(1):
	
	
	
	
	
Automotive	sales
	
	
1,543,878
		
	
	
371,658
		
	
	
115,482
		
	
	
79,982
		
	
	
102,408
		
Development	services
	
	
13,356
		
	
	
11,531
		
	
	
27,165
		
	
	
6,031
		
	
	
​		
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
Total	cost	of	revenues
	
	
1,557,234
		
	
	
383,189
		
	
	
142,647
		
	
	
86,013
		
	
	
102,408
		
Gross	profit
	
	
456,262
		
	
	
30,067
		
	
	
61,595
		
	
	
30,731
		
	
	
9,535
		
Operating	expenses	(1):
	
	
	
	
	
Research	and	development	(net	of	development
compensation	of	$23,249	for	the	year	ended
December	31,	2009)
	
	
231,976
		
	
	
273,978
		
	
	
208,981
		
	
	
92,996
		
	
	
19,282
		
Selling,	general	and	administrative
	
	
285,569
		
	
	
150,372
		
	
	
104,102
		
	
	
84,573
		
	
	
42,150
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
Total	operating	expenses
	
	
517,545
		
	
	
424,350
		
	
	
313,083
		
	
	
177,569
		
	
	
61,432
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
Loss	from	operations
	
	
(61,283
)	
	
	
(394,283
)	
	
	
(251,488
)	
	
	
(146,838
)	
	
	
(51,897
)	
Interest	income
	
	
189
		
	
	
288
		
	
	
255
		
	
	
258
		
	
	
159
		
Interest	expense	(2)
	
	
(32,934
)	
	
	
(254
)	
	
	
(43
)	
	
	
(992
)	
	
	
(2,531
)	
Other	income	(expense),	net	(3)
	
	
22,602
		
	
	
(1,828
)	
	
	
(2,646
)	
	
	
(6,583
)	
	
	
(1,445
)	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Loss	before	income	taxes
	
	
(71,426
)	
	
	
(396,077
)	
	
	
(253,922
)	
	
	
(154,155
)	
	
	
(55,714
)	Provision	for	income	taxes
	
	
2,588
		
	
	
136
		
	
	
489
		
	
	
173
		
	
	
26
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
Net	loss
	
$
(74,014
)	
	
$
(396,213
)	
	
$
(254,411
)	
	
$
(154,328
)	
	
$
(55,740
)	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Net	loss	per	share	of	common	stock,	basic	and
diluted	(4)
	
$
(0.62
)	
	
$
(3.69
)	
	
$
(2.53
)	
	
$
(3.04
)	
	
$
(7.94
)	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Weighted	average	shares	used	in	computing	net
loss	per	share	of	common	stock,	basic	and
diluted	(4)
	
	
119,421,414
		
	
	
107,349,188
		
	
	
100,388,815
		
	
	
50,718,302
		
	
	
7,021,963
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
(1)
Includes	stock-based	compensation	expense	as	follows:
	
	
		
Year	Ended	December	31,
	
	
		
2013
	
		
2012
	
		
2011
	
		
2010
	
		
2009
	
Cost	of	revenues
		
$
9,071
		
		
$
2,194
		
		
$
670
		
		
$
243
		
		
$
61
		
Research	and	development
		
	
35,494
		
		
	
26,580
		
		
	
13,377
		
		
	
4,139
		
		
	
376
		
Selling,	general	and	administrative
		
	
39,090
		
		
	
21,371
		
		
	
15,372
		
		
	
16,774
		
		
	
997
		
		
	
		
	
	
		
	
		
	
		
	
Total
		
$
83,655
		
		
$
50,145
		
		
$
29,419
		
		
$
21,156
		
		
$
1,434
		
		
	
		
	
	
		
	
		
	
		
	
	
62Table	of	Contents
(2)
In	May	2013,	we	issued	$660.0	million	aggregate	principal	amount	of	1.50%	convertible	senior	notes	due	June	2018	(Notes)	in	a	public	offering.
We	incurred	$12.0	million	of	debt	issuance	costs	in	connection	with	the	issuance	of	the	Notes	which	we	recorded	in	other	assets	and	are
amortizing	to	interest	expense	using	the	effective	interest	method	over	the	contractual	term	of	the	Notes.	The	interest	under	the	Notes	is	fixed	at
1.50%	per	annum	and	is	payable	semi-annually	in	arrears	on	June	1	and	December	1	of	each	year,	commencing	on	December	1,	2013.	During	the
year	ended	December	31,	2013,	we	recognized	$1.2	million	of	interest	expense	related	to	the	amortization	of	debt	issuance	costs	and	$5.9	million
of	coupon	interest	expense.	In	accordance	with	accounting	guidance	on	embedded	conversion	features,	we	valued	and	bifurcated	the	conversion
option	associated	with	the	Notes	from	the	host	debt	instrument	and	recorded	the	conversion	option	of	$82.8	million	in	equity.	The	resulting	debt
discount	on	the	Notes	is	being	amortized	to	interest	expense	at	an	effective	interest	rate	of	4.29%	over	the	contractual	term	of	the	Notes.	During
the	year	ended	December	31,	2013,	we	recognized	$9.1	million	of	interest	expense	related	to	the	amortization	of	the	debt	discount.	In	May	2013,
we	used	a	portion	of	the	Notes	offering	proceeds	to	repay	all	outstanding	loan	amounts	under	the	Department	of	Energy	(DOE)	Loan	Facility.
During	the	year	ended	December	31,	2013,	we	recorded	total	interest	expense	of	$17.8	million	related	to	the	early	repayment	fee,	coupon	interest
expense	and	the	amortization	of	the	remaining	loan	origination	costs	on	the	DOE	Loan	Facility.	As	a	result	of	the	extinguishment	of	our	loans,
unamortized	loan	origination	costs	associated	with	the	DOE	Loan	Facility	of	$5.6	million	were	charged	to	interest	expense.
(3)
In	January	2010,	we	issued	a	warrant	to	the	DOE	in	connection	with	the	closing	of	the	DOE	Loan	Facility	to	purchase	shares	of	our	Series	E
convertible	preferred	stock.	This	convertible	preferred	stock	warrant	became	a	warrant	to	purchase	shares	of	our	common	stock	upon	the	closing
of	our	initial	public	offering	(IPO).	The	warrant	provided	that	beginning	on	December	15,	2018	and	until	December	14,	2022,	the	shares	subject	to
purchase	under	the	warrant	would	become	exercisable	in	quarterly	amounts	depending	on	the	average	outstanding	balance	of	the	DOE	Loan
Facility,	if	any,	during	the	prior	quarter.	Since	the	number	of	shares	of	common	stock	ultimately	issuable	under	the	warrant	would	vary,	this
warrant	had	been	carried	at	its	estimated	fair	value	with	changes	in	the	fair	value	of	this	common	stock	warrant	liability	reflected	in	other	income
(expense),	net,	until	its	expiration	or	vesting.	We	entered	into	an	amendment	with	the	DOE	effective	March	1,	2013.	We	agreed	among	other
things	to:	(i)	modify	certain	future	financial	covenants;	(ii)	accelerate	the	maturity	date	of	the	DOE	Loan	Facility	to	December	15,	2017;	(iii)	create
an	obligation	to	repay	approximately	1.0%	of	the	outstanding	principal	under	the	DOE	Loan	Facility	on	or	before	June	15,	2013;	and	(iv)	create
additional	contingent	obligations	based	on	excess	cash	flow	that	could	have	resulted	in	accelerated	repayment	of	the	DOE	Loan	Facility	starting
in	2015.	Accordingly,	the	DOE	warrants	were	no	longer	expected	to	vest	and	we	therefore	recognized	a	one-time	non-cash	gain	of	$10.7	million
from	the	elimination	of	this	warrant	liability	in	the	quarter	ended	March	31,	2013.	As	a	result	of	our	repayment	of	all	outstanding	principal	and
interest	under	the	DOE	Loan	Facility	and	the	termination	of	the	DOE	Loan	Facility	in	May	2013,	the	DOE	warrant	expired.
(4)
Diluted	net	loss	per	share	of	common	stock	is	computed	excluding	common	stock	subject	to	repurchase,	and,	if	dilutive,	potential	shares	of
common	stock	outstanding	during	the	period.	Potential	shares	of	common	stock	consist	of	stock	options	to	purchase	shares	of	our	common	stock,
the	conversion	of	our	convertible	senior	notes	(using	the	treasury	stock	method),	warrants	to	purchase	shares	of	our	common	stock	issued	in
connection	with	our	1.50%	convertible	senior	notes	due	2018	(using	the	treasury	stock	method),	warrants	to	purchase	shares	of	our	convertible
preferred	stock	(using	the	treasury	stock	method)	and	the	conversion	of	our	convertible	preferred	stock	and	convertible	notes	payable	(using	the
if-converted	method).	For	purposes	of	these	calculations,	potential	shares	of	common	stock	have	been	excluded	from	the	calculation	of	diluted	net
loss	per	share	of	common	stock	as	their	effect	is	antidilutive	since	we	generated	a	net	loss	in	each	period.
	
63Table	of	Contents
	
	
As	of	December	31,
	
	
	
2013
	
	
2012
	
	
2011
	
	
2010
	
	
2009
	
Consolidated	Balance	Sheet	Data:
	
	
	
	
	
Cash	and	cash	equivalents
	
$
845,889
		
	
	
201,890
		
	
$
255,266
		
	
$
99,558
		
	
$
69,627
		
Short-term	marketable	securities
	
	
​		
		
	
	
​		
		
	
	
25,061
		
	
	
​		
		
	
	
​		
		
Restricted	cash​current	(1)
	
	
3,012
		
	
	
19,094
		
	
	
23,476
		
	
	
73,597
		
	
	
​		
		
Property,	plant	and	equipment,	net	(2)
	
	
738,494
		
	
	
552,229
		
	
	
298,414
		
	
	
114,636
		
	
	
23,535
		
Working	capital	(deficit)
	
	
590,779
		
	
	
(14,340
)	
	
	
181,499
		
	
	
150,321
		
	
	
43,070
		
Total	assets
	
	
2,416,930
		
	
	
1,114,190
		
	
	
713,448
		
	
	
386,082
		
	
	
130,424
		
Convertible	preferred	stock	warrant	liability	(3)
	
	
​		
		
	
	
​		
		
	
	
​		
		
	
	
​		
		
	
	
1,734
		
Common	stock	warrant	liability	(3)
	
	
​		
		
	
	
10,692
		
	
	
8,838
		
	
	
6,088
		
	
	
​		
		
Capital	lease	obligations,	less	current	portion
	
	
12,855
		
	
	
9,965
		
	
	
2,830
		
	
	
496
		
	
	
800
		
Convertible	debt,	less	current	portion	(4)
	
	
586,119
		
	
	
​		
		
	
	
​		
		
	
	
​		
		
	
	
​		
		
Long-term	debt,	less	current	portion	(5)
	
	
​		
		
	
	
401,495
		
	
	
268,335
		
	
	
71,828
		
	
	
​		
		
Convertible	preferred	stock
	
	
​		
		
	
	
​		
		
	
	
​		
		
	
	
​		
		
	
	
319,225
		
Total	stockholders​	equity	(deficit)
	
	
667,120
		
	
	
124,700
		
	
	
224,045
		
	
	
207,048
		
	
	
(253,523
)	
	
(1)
Upon	the	completion	of	our	IPO	and	concurrent	Toyota	private	placement	in	July	2010,	we	set	aside	$100.0	million	to	fund	a	restricted	dedicated
account	as	required	under	the	provisions	of	our	DOE	loan	facility.	This	dedicated	account	has	been	used	by	us	to	fund	any	cost	overruns	for	our
projects	and	used	as	a	mechanism	to	defer	advances	under	the	DOE	loan	facility.	Depending	on	the	timing	and	magnitude	of	our	draw-downs	and
the	funding	requirements	of	the	dedicated	account,	the	balance	of	the	dedicated	account	has	fluctuated	throughout	the	period	in	which	we	made
draw-downs	under	the	DOE	loan	facility.	Upon	completion	of	our	final	advance	under	the	DOE	loan	facility	in	August	2012,	the	balance	in	the
dedicated	account	had	been	fully	transferred	out	of	the	dedicated	account.	We	had	utilized	the	dedicated	account	to	pre-fund	our	planned	loan
repayments	as	required	by	the	DOE	loan	facility.	Upon	termination	of	the	DOE	Loan	Facility	in	May	2013,	all	remaining	balance	held	in	this
dedicated	account	was	released	by	the	DOE.
(2)
In	October	2010,	we	completed	the	purchase	of	our	Tesla	Factory	and	certain	of	the	manufacturing	assets	located	thereon.
(3)
In	January	2010,	we	issued	a	warrant	to	the	DOE	in	connection	with	the	closing	of	our	DOE	loan	facility	to	purchase	shares	of	our	Series	E
convertible	preferred	stock.	This	convertible	preferred	stock	warrant	became	a	warrant	to	purchase	shares	of	our	common	stock	upon	the	closing
of	our	IPO	in	July	2010.
(4)
In	May	2013,	we	issued	$660.0	million	aggregate	principal	amount	of	Notes	in	a	public	offering.	In	accordance	with	accounting	guidance	on
embedded	conversion	features,	we	valued	and	bifurcated	the	conversion	option	associated	with	the	Notes	from	the	host	debt	instrument	and
initially	recorded	the	conversion	option	of	$82.8	million	in	equity.
(5)
In	January	2010,	we	closed	our	DOE	loan	facility	and	began	making	draw	downs	under	the	loan	facility.	As	of	August	31,	2012,	we	had	fully	drawn
down	our	$465.0	million	DOE	loan	facility.	In	May	2013,	we	used	a	portion	of	the	Notes	offering	proceeds	to	repay	all	outstanding	loan	amounts
under	the	DOE	Loan	Facility.
	
64Table	of	Contents
ITEM	7.
MANAGEMENT​S	DISCUSSION	AND	ANALYSIS	OF	FINANCIAL	CONDITION	AND	RESULTS	OF	OPERATIONS
The	following	discussion	and	analysis	should	be	read	in	conjunction	with	our	consolidated	financial	statements	and	the	related	notes	that	appear
elsewhere	in	this	Annual	Report	on	Form	10-K.
Overview	and	2013	Highlights
We	design,	develop,	manufacture	and	sell	high-performance	fully	electric	vehicles	and	advanced	electric	vehicle	powertrain	components.	We	are
currently	producing	and	selling	our	second	vehicle,	the	Model	S	sedan.	Model	S	is	a	four	door,	five-passenger	premium	sedan	that	offers	exceptional
performance,	functionality	and	attractive	styling.	The	Model	S	inherited	many	of	the	electric	powertrain	innovations	we	introduced	with	our	first
vehicle,	the	Tesla	Roadster.	The	Tesla	Roadster	was	launched	in	2008	and	was	the	first	commercially	produced	and	federally	compliant	EV	in	the	United
States.	We	commenced	deliveries	of	Model	S	in	June	2012	and	delivered	22,477	vehicles	in	2013.	In	February	2012,	we	revealed	an	early	prototype	of
our	Model	X	crossover	vehicle.	We	currently	expect	to	have	production	design	Model	X	prototypes	on	the	road	by	the	end	of	2014	and	begin	volume
deliveries	to	customers	in	the	spring	of	2015.
We	sell	our	vehicles	through	our	own	sales	and	service	network.	We	are	also	building	a	network	of	Superchargers	in	the	United	States,	Europe
and	other	international	markets	to	allow	Model	S	owners	to	have	the	ability	to	travel	long	distances	without	a	limitation	on	range	by	charging	their	cars
at	a	very	fast	rate	for	free.
During	the	year	ended	December	31,	2013,	we	recognized	total	revenues	of	$2.01	billion,	an	increase	of	$1.60	billion	over	total	revenues	of
$413.3	million	for	the	year	ended	December	31,	2012,	primarily	driven	by	the	ramp	up	in	Model	S	deliveries	which	commenced	in	North	America	in
June	2012	and	the	launch	of	European	Model	S	deliveries	which	commenced	in	August	2013,	regulatory	credit	sales	and	powertrain	component	sales	to
Toyota	Motor	Corporation	(Toyota)	for	the	Toyota	RAV4	EV;	partially	offset	by	a	decrease	in	development	services	activity	related	to	the	Daimler	AG
(Daimler)	Mercedes-Benz	B-Class	EV	program.
Gross	margin	for	the	year	ended	December	31,	2013	was	22.7%,	a	significant	increase	from	7.3%	for	the	year	ended	December	31,	2012.	We
experienced	significant	early-stage	per	unit	cost	inefficiencies	during	the	production	ramp	of	Model	S	from	June	to	December	2012	as	a	result	of	lower
fixed	cost	absorption,	manufacturing	inefficiencies	associated	with	the	initial	production	ramp	and	higher	logistics	costs	as	our	supply	chain	processes
were	maturing.	We	also	had	higher	component	prices	as	many	vendors	supplied	parts	at	production	prices	later	than	planned	due	to	their	own
manufacturing	inefficiencies	and	production	ramps.	As	a	result	of	higher	vehicle	production	volume,	manufacturing	and	supply	chain	efficiencies	and
ongoing	component	cost	reductions,	we	achieved	total	and	automotive	gross	margins	of	25.5%	and	25.7%,	respectively,	during	the	fourth	quarter	of
2013.	Regulatory	credits	sales,	higher	average	selling	price	due	to	the	start	of	European	Signature	Series	deliveries	in	August,	and	a	strong	mix	of	85
kWh	battery	packs	and	other	options	in	all	markets	also	contributed	to	higher	gross	margin	in	2013.
Research	and	development	(R&D)	expenses	for	the	year	ended	December	31,	2013	were	$232.0	million,	a	decrease	from	$274.0	million	for	the
year	ended	December	31,	2012.	R&D	expenses	in	2013	reflected	our	activities	on	manufacturing	process	improvements,	Model	S	cost	reductions,	the
right-hand	drive	Model	S	and	localization	efforts	for	foreign	markets,	as	well	as	development	work	on	Model	X.	R&D	expenses	in	2012	included
expenses	related	to	our	Model	S	pre-production	activities,	including	manufacturing	preparedness,	process	validation,	prototype	builds	and	extensive
testing	at	both	the	vehicle	and	component	levels;	development	of	the	Tesla	Factory;	development	and	testing	of	Model	S;	and	other	research	and
development	activities.	Until	Model	S	production	started	in	the	Tesla	Factory	in	2012,	Model	S	related	manufacturing	costs,	including	labor	costs,
manufacturing	overhead	and	logistics,	were	no	longer	captured	in	R&D	expenses	but	instead	fully	reflected	in	cost	of	automotive	sales.
During	2013,	we	continued	to	expand	our	sales	and	service	footprint	both	in	North	America	and	Europe,	as	well	as	opened	our	first	store	in	China.
With	the	higher	expenses	associated	with	the	global	expansion	of	our
	
65Table	of	Contents
customer	infrastructure	and	the	business	in	general,	including	our	information	technology	infrastructure,	selling,	general	and	administrative	expenses
were	$285.6	million	for	the	year	ended	December	31,	2013,	compared	to	$150.4	million	for	the	year	ended	December	31,	2012.
We	ended	the	year	with	$848.9	million	in	cash	and	cash	equivalents,	and	current	restricted	cash,	a	significant	increase	from	cash	held	at	the	end
of	2012.
In	May	2013,	we	issued	$660.0	million	aggregate	principal	amount	of	1.50%	convertible	senior	notes	due	2018	(Notes).	The	net	proceeds	from	the
offering,	after	deducting	transaction	costs,	were	approximately	$648.0	million.	We	incurred	$12.0	million	of	debt	issuance	costs	in	connection	with	the
issuance	of	the	Notes	which	we	recorded	in	other	assets	and	are	amortizing	to	interest	expense	using	the	effective	interest	method	over	the	contractual
term	of	the	Notes.	Under	the	terms	of	the	Notes,	1.50%	coupon	interest	per	annum	on	the	principal	amount	of	the	Notes	is	payable	semi-annually	in
arrears	on	June	1	and	December	1	of	each	year,	commencing	on	December	1,	2013.	Approximately	$450	million	of	the	offering	proceeds	were	used	to
repay	all	of	our	outstanding	Department	of	Energy	(DOE)	loan	principal	and	interest,	including	a	$10.8	million	early	repayment	fee.
In	connection	with	the	offering	of	the	Notes,	we	entered	into	convertible	note	hedge	transactions	whereby	we	have	the	option	to	purchase	up	to
5.3	million	shares	of	our	common	stock	at	a	price	of	approximately	$124.52	per	share.	The	cost	of	the	convertible	note	hedge	transactions	was	$177.5
million.	In	addition,	we	sold	warrants	whereby	the	holders	of	the	warrants	have	the	option	to	purchase	up	to	approximately	5.3	million	shares	of	our
common	stock	at	a	price	of	$184.48	per	share.	We	received	$120.3	million	in	cash	proceeds	from	the	sale	of	these	warrants.	Taken	together,	the
purchase	of	the	convertible	note	hedges	and	the	sale	of	warrants	are	intended	to	offset	any	actual	dilution	from	the	conversion	of	the	Notes	and	to
effectively	increase	the	overall	conversion	price	from	$124.52	to	$184.48	per	share.	For	more	information	on	the	Notes,	convertible	note	hedge	and
warrant	transactions,	see	Note	6	to	our	Consolidated	Financial	Statements	included	in	this	Annual	Report	on	Form	10-K	under	Item	8.	Financial
Statements	and	Supplemental	Data.
Concurrent	with	the	execution	of	the	Notes	and	related	transactions,	we	also	completed	a	public	offering	of	common	stock	and	sold	a	total	of
3,902,862	shares	of	our	common	stock	for	total	cash	proceeds	of	approximately	$355.1	million	(which	includes	487,857	shares	or	$45.0	million	sold	to
Elon	Musk,	our	Chief	Executive	Officer	and	cofounder	(CEO)),	net	of	underwriting	discounts	and	offering	costs.	We	also	sold	596,272	shares	of	our
common	stock	to	our	CEO	and	received	total	cash	proceeds	of	$55.0	million	in	a	private	placement	at	the	public	offering	price.
We	expect	that	our	current	sources	of	liquidity	together	with	our	current	projections	of	cash	flow	from	operating	activities,	will	provide	us
adequate	liquidity	based	on	our	current	plans.	However,	if	market	conditions	are	favorable,	we	may	evaluate	alternatives	to	opportunistically	pursue
liquidity	options.
Management	Opportunities,	Challenges	and	Risks
During	the	year	ended	December	31,	2013,	we	made	significant	progress	in	increasing	production	aided	by	manufacturing,	design	and	quality
improvements,	but	also	through	strong	efforts	from	our	supply	chain.	We	expect	production	to	increase	from	600	vehicles	per	week	presently	to	about
1,000	vehicles	per	week	by	the	end	of	2014	as	we	expand	our	factory	capacity	and	address	supplier	bottlenecks.	Battery	cell	supply	will	continue	to
constrain	our	production	during	the	first	half	of	2014,	but	should	significantly	improve	in	the	second	half	of	the	year	as	our	cell	supplier	brings	new
production	capacity	online.	Based	on	our	higher	production	level,	we	currently	expect	to	deliver	over	35,000	Model	S	vehicles	in	2014,	representing	a
more	than	55%	increase	over	2013.
In	2013,	Model	S	was	the	top	selling	vehicle	in	North	America	among	comparably	priced	vehicles.	Nonetheless,	we	believe	there	is	room	to
improve	in	2014	as	we	complete	the	Supercharger	network	and	expand	the	network	of	service	centers	in	North	America.	Given	the	potential	we	see	in
Europe	and	Asia,	we	expect	sales	in	those	regions	combined	to	comprise	almost	twice	that	of	North	America	by	the	end	of	2014.
	
66Table	of	Contents
Through	the	first	half	of	2013,	we	had	delivered	Model	S	vehicles	solely	to	customers	in	North	America.	In	August	2013,	we	started	European
deliveries	of	Model	S.	Similar	to	the	initial	launch	of	Model	S	in	the	United	States	and	in	Canada,	we	experienced	an	increase	in	our	average	selling
price	during	the	third	quarter	of	2013	due	to	the	start	of	delivery	of	European	Signature	Series	vehicles,	and	a	higher	mix	of	85	kWh	vehicles	and	other
options	in	all	markets.
We	intend	to	commence	deliveries	into	China	in	the	spring	of	2014.	We	recently	announced	that	the	price	for	a	Model	S	in	China	will	be	the	same
as	the	price	for	a	Model	S	in	the	United	States,	with	the	addition	of	only	unavoidable	taxes,	customs	duties	and	transportation	costs.	While	we	believe
that	this	is	consistent	with	our	objective	of	offering	transparent	and	fair	pricing	in	every	market,	this	pricing	strategy	is	counter	to	prevailing	auto
industry	practices.	As	such,	Model	S	in	China	would	be	priced	comparable	to	a	mid-sized	premium	vehicle	in	China	instead	of	a	large	luxury	vehicle.
Expansion	into	the	right	hand	drive	markets,	such	as	the	United	Kingdom,	Japan,	Hong	Kong	and	Australia	will	occur	gradually	over	the	year
starting	this	spring.	We	have	not	delivered	Model	S	vehicles	outside	of	North	America	and	Europe	in	volume;	thus,	we	may	face	difficulties	meeting	our
delivery	plans	in	Asia	and	other	right	hand	drive	markets	later	this	year,	which	may	impact	our	ability	to	achieve	our	worldwide	delivery	goals.
In	April	2013,	we	began	offering	a	resale	value	guarantee	to	all	customers	who	purchased	a	Model	S	in	the	United	States	and	financed	their
vehicle	through	one	of	our	specified	commercial	banking	partners,	and	in	October	2013,	we	introduced	this	program	in	Canada.	Under	the	program,
Model	S	customers	have	the	option	of	selling	their	vehicle	back	to	us	during	the	period	of	36	to	39	months	after	delivery	for	a	pre-determined	resale
value.	We	account	for	transactions	under	the	resale	value	guarantee	program	as	operating	leases	and	accordingly,	we	defer	and	amortize	to	automotive
sales	revenue	the	initial	purchase	consideration	less	resale	value	guarantee	amount	on	a	straight-line	basis,	over	the	contractual	term	of	the	guarantee
program.	Similarly,	we	capitalize	and	depreciate	the	cost	of	the	respective	operating	lease	vehicles	less	expected	salvage	value	to	cost	of	automotive
sales	over	the	same	period.	If	a	customer	decides	not	to	sell	their	vehicle	back	to	us	by	the	end	of	the	resale	value	guarantee	term,	the	amount	of	the
resale	value	guarantee	and	operating	lease	vehicle	net	book	value	are	then	recognized	in	automotive	sales	and	cost	of	automotive	sales,	respectively.
The	resale	value	guarantee	amount	represents	management​s	best	estimate	as	to	the	resale	value	of	the	Model	S	vehicle	and	related	vehicle
options	during	the	36	to	39	month	period	after	delivery.	We	are	depreciating	our	operating	lease	vehicles	to	expected	salvage	value	of	our	operating
lease	vehicles	at	the	end	of	their	economic	useful	life	(i.e.,	the	end	of	their	expected	operating	lease	term),	and	we	will	adjust	our	depreciation	estimates
as	needed	if	the	expected	salvage	value	decreases	in	future	periods.	As	we	accumulate	more	actual	data	related	to	the	resale	experience	of	Model	S,	we
may	be	required	to	make	significant	changes	to	our	estimates.
In	2013,	we	provided	the	resale	value	guarantee	to	approximately	5,200	Model	S	deliveries	in	North	America.	During	the	fourth	quarter	of	2013,
we	provided	the	resale	value	guarantee	to	approximately	40%	of	Model	S	deliveries	in	North	America.	We	expect	the	penetration	rate	of	the	resale
value	guarantee	to	remain	at	the	current	level	in	the	near-term.	Model	S	deliveries	with	the	resale	value	guarantee	currently	do	not	impact	our	cash
flows	and	liquidity,	since	we	receive	the	full	amount	of	cash	for	the	vehicle	sales	price	at	delivery.	However,	this	program	has	adversely	impacted	our
2013	revenues	and	operating	results	by	requiring	the	amortization	of	revenues	and	costs	under	lease	accounting,	and	will	continue	to	adversely	impact
our	future	revenues	and	operating	results,	based	on	the	lease	accounting	treatment	applied	to	this	program.	Furthermore,	while	we	do	not	assume	any
credit	risk	related	to	the	customer,	we	are	exposed	to	the	risk	that	the	vehicles​	resale	value	may	be	lower	than	our	estimates	and	the	volume	of	vehicles
returned	to	us	may	be	higher	than	our	estimates	which	could	adversely	impact	our	gross	margin.
In	Germany	and	other	European	markets,	we	recently	announced	new	leasing	and	financing	options	in	collaboration	with	a	number	of	global
financial	partners.	If	customer	interest	in	these	options	is	significant,	we	may	be	directly	or	indirectly	subject	to	resale	value	risks	for	the	Model	S.	We
are	currently	evaluating	a	number	of	other	customer	financing	products,	including	direct	small	business	leases,	as	a	way	to	better	serve	our	growing
customer	base.
	
67Table	of	Contents
In	addition	to	sales	of	Model	S,	we	continue	to	recognize	automotive	sales	from	our	supply	of	powertrain	systems	to	Toyota	for	the	Toyota	RAV4
EV.	However,	Toyota	is	expected	to	end	the	current	RAV4	EV	model	this	year.
In	2012,	we	began	work	on	a	full	electric	powertrain	under	the	Mercedes-Benz	B-Class	EV	program	and	in	2013,	we	continued	to	provide
development	services	and	deliver	prototype	samples	to	Daimler.	We	currently	expect	to	substantially	complete	our	development	services	under	this
program	in	early	2014	and	commence	production	of	electric	powertrains	and	battery	packs	shortly	thereafter.	Similar	to	our	previous	development
services	agreements,	due	to	timing	differences	that	may	arise	between	the	recognition	of	milestone	revenues	and	the	underlying	costs	of	development
services,	the	gross	margin	from	our	development	services	activities	may	vary	from	period	to	period.
We	also	plan	to	ramp	up	sales	of	stationary	energy	storage	units	for	use	in	homes,	commercial	sites	and	utilities.	The	applications	for	these
battery	systems	include	backup	power,	peak	demand	reduction,	demand	response	and	wholesale	electric	market	services.	However,	we	have	not	yet
entered	into	a	significant	number	of	agreements	through	December	31,	2013.
Significant	production	cost	improvements	for	Model	S	were	achieved	in	2013,	including	part	cost	reductions	as	well	as	manufacturing	efficiencies.
We	expect	some	of	these	trends	to	continue	as	we	execute	on	our	roadmap	of	achieving	further	component	cost	reductions	and	benefit	from	economies
of	scale.	We	therefore	expect	our	automotive	gross	margin	to	increase	to	about	28%	in	the	fourth	quarter	of	2014,	excluding	potential	zero	emission
vehicle	(ZEV)	credit	sales	and	assuming	a	lower	option	take	rate	as	we	get	to	a	more	mainstream	market	and	fewer	people	take	the	high	performance
options	on	Model	S.	If	we	are	not	able	to	achieve	the	planned	cost	reductions	from	our	various	cost	savings	and	process	improvement	initiatives,	our
ability	to	reach	our	gross	margin	goals	would	be	negatively	affected.
In	October	2013,	we	entered	into	an	amendment	to	our	existing	supply	agreement	with	Panasonic	Corporation	(Panasonic)	to,	among	other
things,	extend	the	term	of	the	agreement	by	two	years	until	December	31,	2017	and	provide	for	the	long-term	preferential	prices	and	a	minimum	of	1.8
billion	lithium-ion	battery	cells	that	we	will	purchase	from	Panasonic	from	2014	through	2017.
We	recognized	$129.8	million	in	ZEV	credit	sales	in	2013	which	contributed	to	our	gross	margin.	Although	ZEV	credit	revenue	was	strong	for	the
year,	over	90%	of	ZEV	credit	sales	were	recognized	during	the	first	half	of	2013.	We	expect	the	contribution	of	ZEV	credit	revenue	to	remain	low	in	the
future	relative	to	our	automotive	sales	as	we	continue	to	grow	our	sales	outside	the	United	States.	While	we	will	pursue	opportunities	to	monetize	ZEV
credits	we	earn	from	the	sales	of	our	vehicles,	we	do	not	plan	to	rely	on	these	sales	to	be	a	contributor	to	gross	margin.	Our	business	model	and
financial	plan	is	not	predicated	on	such	ZEV	credits.	Other	regulatory	credit	sales	recognized	during	2013	were	$64.7	million.
In	February	2012,	we	revealed	an	early	prototype	of	the	Model	X	crossover	as	the	first	vehicle	we	intend	to	develop	by	leveraging	the	Model	S
platform.	We	continue	to	work	on	the	design	and	engineering	work	on	Model	X	and	expect	to	have	production	design	Model	X	prototypes	on	the	road	by
the	end	of	2014	and	begin	volume	deliveries	to	customers	in	the	spring	of	2015.	Our	ability	to	launch	the	Model	X	program	on	time	and	cost	efficiently
is	dependent	upon	a	variety	of	factors,	including	supplier	readiness,	engineering	completion	and	testing.
We	continued	to	expand	our	stores	and	service	infrastructure	during	2013	in	order	to	expand	our	geographical	presence	and	to	provide	better
service	in	areas	with	a	high	concentration	of	Model	S	customers.	To	help	drive	demand	in	new	geographic	areas,	we	have	also	begun	complementing
our	store	strategy	with	sales	capability	within	service	centers	to	more	rapidly	and	efficiently	expand	our	retail	footprint.	As	of	the	end	of	the	year,	we
had	stores,	galleries	and	service	centers	in	over	110	locations	around	the	world,	and	plan	to	open	many	additional	stores,	galleries	and	service	centers
in	2014,	including	growing	rapidly	in	multiple	regions	in	China.	We	continue	to	build	service	infrastructure	in	advance	of	demand	to	ensure	that	after-
sale	services	are	available	when	and	where	needed,	and	to	help	create	further	demand.
	
68Table	of	Contents
At	the	end	of	May	2013,	we	announced	the	significant	expansion	of	our	Supercharger	network	as	well	as	plans	to	reduce	charging	time	at	our
Superchargers.	Since	the	time	of	our	announcement,	we	have	been	installing	Superchargers	at	an	accelerating	pace.	As	of	February	19,	2014,	we	had
90	Supercharger	stations	open	and	are	continuing	to	expand	our	network	in	both	North	America	and	Europe.	During	2014,	we	also	intend	to	establish	a
Supercharger	network	in	China,	Japan	and	Hong	Kong.	If	we	experience	difficulties	in	finding	suitable	sites,	negotiating	leases	or	obtaining	required
permits	for	such	locations,	our	planned	expansion	of	such	Superchargers	could	be	delayed.
Operating	expense	and	capital	expenditures	are	expected	to	significantly	increase	in	absolute	terms	in	2014,	as	we	plan	to	invest	in	the	long-term
growth	of	the	company.	In	2014,	we	plan	to	significantly	expand	production	capacity	for	Model	S	and	Model	X,	invest	in	our	customer	support
infrastructure,	complete	the	development	of	Model	X	and	start	early	design	work	on	our	third	generation	vehicle,	which	we	refer	to	as	​Gen	III​.	Our
research	and	development	expenses	in	particular	are	expected	to	increase	as	design	and	engineering	work	accelerates	on	Model	X.	Our	selling,	general
and	administrative	expenses	will	continue	to	grow	in	absolute	terms	as	we	expand	our	customer	and	corporate	infrastructure	globally.
We	have	recently	indicated	our	intention	to	build	the	Tesla	Gigafactory,	a	facility	where	we	intend	to	work	together	with	our	suppliers	to	integrate
battery	precursor	material,	cell,	module	and	battery	pack	production	in	one	location.	While	we	have	not	identified	a	final	site	for	this	facility,	we
currently	expect	that	it	will	be	located	in	one	of	the	following	states:	Arizona,	Nevada,	New	Mexico	or	Texas.	We	currently	expect	the	facility	to	be	built
on	a	lot	between	500	and	1,000	acres	in	size,	with	up	to	approximately	10	million	square	feet	of	production	space	with	one	or	two	levels.	At	full
implementation,	the	Tesla	Gigafactory	is	expected	to	have	6,500	dedicated	Tesla	and	production	partner	employees.	We	currently	plan	to	commence
supplying	battery	packs	manufactured	at	the	Tesla	Gigafactory	for	our	vehicles,	including	the	Gen	III	vehicle,	and	stationary	storage	applications,	in
approximately	three	years.	The	Tesla	Gigafactory	is	currently	expected	to	attain	full	production	capacity	in	2020,	which	is	anticipated	to	be	sufficient	for
the	production	of	approximately	500,000	vehicles	annually	and	stationary	storage	applications.
We	believe	that	the	Tesla	Gigafactory	will	allow	us	to	achieve	a	major	reduction	in	the	cost	of	our	battery	packs	of	greater	than	30%	on	a	per	kWh
basis	by	the	end	of	the	first	year	of	volume	production	of	Gen	III.	The	total	capital	expenditures	associated	with	the	Tesla	Gigafactory	through	2020	are
expected	to	be	$4-5	billion,	of	which	approximately	$2	billion	is	expected	to	come	from	Tesla.
While	our	plan	is	to	attempt	to	produce	lithium-ion	cells	and	finished	battery	packs	for	our	Gen	III	vehicles	at	a	new	Tesla	Gigafactory,	our	plans
for	such	production	are	at	a	very	early	stage.	We	have	no	experience	in	the	production	of	lithium-ion	cells,	and	accordingly	we	intend	to	engage
partners	with	significant	experience	in	cell	production	and	to	date	we	have	not	formalized	such	partnerships.	In	addition,	the	cost	of	building	and
operating	the	Tesla	Gigafactory	could	exceed	our	current	expectations	and	the	Tesla	Gigafactory	may	take	longer	to	bring	online	than	we	anticipate.
During	the	third	quarter	of	2013,	certain	conditions	with	respect	to	the	closing	prices	of	our	common	stock	in	accordance	with	the	terms	of	our
Notes	were	met	and	accordingly,	the	Notes	were	convertible	at	the	holder​s	option	during	the	fourth	quarter	of	2013.	Although	these	conditions	were
not	met	during	the	fourth	quarter	of	2013	and	therefore	the	Notes	are	not	convertible	during	the	first	quarter	of	2014,	should	such	closing	price
conditions	be	met	in	a	future	quarter,	the	Notes	will	be	convertible	by	their	holders	during	the	immediately	following	quarter.	Upon	conversion	of	the
Notes,	we	will	be	obligated	to	pay	cash	for	the	principal	amount	of	the	converted	Notes	and	we	may	also	have	to	deliver	shares	of	our	common	stock	in
respect	of	such	converted	Notes.	Any	conversion	of	the	Notes	prior	to	their	maturity	or	acceleration	of	the	repayment	of	the	Notes	could	have	a	material
adverse	effect	on	our	cash	flows,	business,	results	of	operations	and	financial	condition.
	
69Table	of	Contents
Critical	Accounting	Policies	and	Estimates
Our	consolidated	financial	statements	are	prepared	in	accordance	with	accounting	principles	generally	accepted	in	the	United	States.	The
preparation	of	these	consolidated	financial	statements	requires	us	to	make	estimates	and	assumptions	that	affect	the	reported	amounts	of	assets,
liabilities,	revenues,	costs	and	expenses	and	related	disclosures.	We	base	our	estimates	on	historical	experience,	as	appropriate,	and	on	various	other
assumptions	that	we	believe	to	be	reasonable	under	the	circumstances.	Changes	in	the	accounting	estimates	are	reasonably	likely	to	occur	from	period
to	period.	Accordingly,	actual	results	could	differ	significantly	from	the	estimates	made	by	our	management.	We	evaluate	our	estimates	and
assumptions	on	an	ongoing	basis.	To	the	extent	that	there	are	material	differences	between	these	estimates	and	actual	results,	our	future	financial
statement	presentation,	financial	condition,	results	of	operations	and	cash	flows	will	be	affected.	We	believe	that	the	following	critical	accounting
policies	involve	a	greater	degree	of	judgment	and	complexity	than	our	other	accounting	policies.	Accordingly,	these	are	the	policies	we	believe	are	the
most	critical	to	understanding	and	evaluating	our	consolidated	financial	condition	and	results	of	operations.
Revenue	Recognition
Automotive	Sales
We	recognize	automotive	sales	revenue	from	sales	of	Model	S,	including	vehicle	options,	accessories	and	destination	charges,	vehicle	service	and
sales	of	regulatory	credits,	such	as	ZEV	and	greenhouse	gas	emission	(GHG)	credits.	We	also	recognize	automotive	sales	revenue	from	the	sales	of
electric	vehicle	powertrain	components	and	systems,	such	as	battery	packs	and	drive	units,	to	other	manufacturers.	We	recognize	revenue	when
(i)	persuasive	evidence	of	an	arrangement	exists;	(ii)	delivery	has	occurred	and	there	are	no	uncertainties	regarding	customer	acceptance;	(iii)	fees	are
fixed	or	determinable;	and	(iv)	collection	is	reasonably	assured.
Model	S	revenue	is	generally	recognized	when	all	risks	and	rewards	of	ownership	are	transferred	to	our	customers.	In	certain	circumstances,	we
may	deliver	a	vehicle	to	a	customer	without	all	of	the	options	ordered	by	the	customer	if	the	options	do	not	limit	the	functionality	of	the	vehicle.	In	such
cases,	we	will	continue	to	defer	the	related	revenue	based	on	the	undelivered	item​s	fair	value,	as	evidenced	by	the	contractual	price	of	the	option	in
stand-alone	transactions,	where	available,	or	using	the	selling	price	hierarchy	where	such	prices	do	not	exist.	Additionally,	if	a	customer	purchases	a
vehicle	option	that	requires	us	to	provide	services	in	the	future,	we	will	defer	the	related	revenue	based	on	the	undelivered	items​	fair	value	and
recognize	the	associated	revenue	over	our	expected	performance	period.	While	these	sales	may	take	place	separately	from	a	vehicle	sale,	they	are	often
part	of	a	single	vehicle	sales	agreement	resulting	in	multiple	element	arrangements.
For	multiple	deliverable	revenue	arrangements,	we	allocate	revenue	to	each	element	based	on	a	selling	price	hierarchy.	The	selling	price	for	a
deliverable	is	based	on	its	vendor	specific	objective	evidence	(VSOE)	if	available,	third	party	evidence	(TPE)	if	VSOE	is	not	available,	or	estimated
selling	price	if	neither	VSOE	nor	TPE	is	available.	To	date,	we	have	generally	been	able	to	establish	the	fair	value	for	each	of	the	deliverables	within
multiple	element	arrangements	because	we	sell	each	of	the	vehicles,	vehicle	accessories	and	options	separately,	outside	of	any	multiple	element
arrangements.	To	determine	the	appropriate	accounting	for	recognition	of	our	revenue,	we	consider	whether	the	deliverables	specified	in	the	multiple
element	arrangement	should	be	treated	as	separate	units	of	accounting,	and,	if	so,	how	the	price	should	be	allocated	among	the	elements,	when	to
recognize	revenue	for	each	element,	and	the	period	over	which	revenue	should	be	recognized.	We	also	evaluate	whether	a	delivered	item	has	value	on	a
stand-alone	basis	prior	to	delivery	of	the	remaining	items	by	determining	whether	we	have	made	separate	sales	of	such	items	or	whether	the
undelivered	items	are	essential	to	the	functionality	of	the	delivered	items.	Further,	we	assess	whether	we	know	the	fair	value	of	the	undelivered	items,
determined	by	reference	to	stand-alone	sales	of	such	items.	As	each	of	these	items	has	stand-alone	value	to	the	customer,	revenue	from	sales	of	vehicle
accessories	and	options	are	recognized	when	those	specific	items	are	delivered	to	the	customer.
	
70Table	of	Contents
Resale	Value	Guarantee
In	April	2013,	we	began	offering	a	resale	value	guarantee	to	all	customers	who	purchased	a	Model	S	in	the	United	States	and	financed	their
vehicle	through	one	of	our	specified	commercial	banking	partners,	and	in	October	2013,	we	introduced	this	program	in	Canada.	Under	the	program,
Model	S	customers	have	the	option	of	selling	their	vehicle	back	to	us	during	the	period	of	36	to	39	months	after	delivery	for	a	pre-determined	resale
value.	Although	we	receive	the	full	amount	of	cash	for	the	vehicle	sales	price	at	delivery,	we	account	for	transactions	under	the	resale	value	guarantee
program	as	operating	leases.	Accordingly,	we	defer	and	amortize	to	automotive	sales	revenue	the	initial	purchase	consideration	less	resale	value
guarantee	amount	on	a	straight-line	basis,	over	the	contractual	term	of	the	guarantee	program	(i.e.	the	proxy	operating	lease	term).	Similarly,	we
capitalize	and	depreciate	the	cost	of	the	respective	operating	lease	vehicles	less	expected	salvage	value	to	cost	of	automotive	sales	over	the	same
period.	If	a	customer	decides	not	to	sell	their	vehicle	back	to	us	by	the	end	of	the	resale	value	guarantee	term,	the	amount	of	the	resale	value	guarantee
and	operating	lease	vehicle	net	book	value	is	then	recognized	in	automotive	sales	and	cost	of	automotive	sales,	respectively.
We	estimated	the	expected	residual	value	based	on	an	evaluation	of	market	indicators,	competitive	factors	as	well	as	a	third	party	valuation	study.
We	will	adjust	our	depreciation	estimates	as	needed,	if	the	expected	salvage	value	is	projected	to	be	lower	in	future	periods.	As	we	accumulate	more
actual	data	related	to	the	resale	experience	of	Model	S,	we	may	be	required	to	make	significant	changes	to	our	estimates.
Regulatory	Credit	Sales
California	and	certain	other	states	have	laws	in	place	requiring	vehicle	manufacturers	to	ensure	that	a	portion	of	the	vehicles	delivered	for	sale	in
that	state	during	each	model	year	are	zero	emission	vehicles.	These	laws	and	regulations	provide	that	a	manufacturer	of	zero	emission	vehicles	may
earn	regulatory	credits,	and	may	sell	excess	credits	to	other	manufacturers	who	apply	such	credits	to	comply	with	these	regulatory	requirements.
Similar	regulations	exist	at	the	federal	level	which	require	compliance	related	to	GHG	emissions	and	also	allow	for	the	sale	of	excess	credits	by	one
manufacturer	to	other	manufacturers.	As	a	manufacturer	solely	of	zero	emission	vehicles,	we	have	earned	regulatory	credits,	such	as	ZEV	and	GHG
credits	on	vehicles,	and	we	expect	to	continue	to	earn	these	credits	in	the	future.	Since	our	commercial	vehicles	are	electric,	we	do	not	receive	any
compliance	benefit	from	the	generation	of	these	credits,	and	accordingly	look	to	sell	them	to	other	vehicle	manufacturers.	In	order	to	facilitate	the	sale
of	these	credits,	we	enter	into	contractual	agreements	with	third	parties	requiring	them	to	purchase	our	regulatory	credits	at	pre-determined	prices.
We	recognize	revenue	on	the	sale	of	these	credits	at	the	time	legal	title	to	the	credits	are	transferred	to	the	purchasing	party	by	the	governmental
agency	issuing	these	credits.
Maintenance	and	Service	Plans
We	offer	a	prepaid	maintenance	program	for	Model	S,	which	includes	plans	covering	maintenance	for	up	to	eight	years	or	up	to	100,000	miles,
provided	these	services	are	purchased	within	a	specified	period	of	time.	The	maintenance	plans	cover	annual	inspections	and	the	replacement	of	wear
and	tear	parts,	excluding	tires	and	the	battery,	with	either	a	fixed	fee	per	visit	for	Tesla	Ranger	service	or	unlimited	Tesla	Ranger	visits	for	a	higher
initial	purchase	price.	Payments	collected	in	advance	of	the	performance	of	service	are	initially	recorded	in	deferred	revenues	on	the	consolidated
balance	sheets	and	recognized	in	automotive	sales	as	we	fulfill	our	performance	obligations.
We	also	offer	an	extended	service	plan,	which	covers	the	repair	or	replacement	of	Model	S	parts	for	an	additional	four	years	or	up	to	an	additional
50,000	miles,	after	the	end	of	our	initial	New	Vehicle	Limited	Warranty,	provided	they	are	purchased	within	a	specified	period	of	time.	For	customers
that	are	not	covered	by	our	New	Vehicle	Limited	Warranties	or	our	extended	service	plans,	we	offer	Tesla	Ranger	service	at	a	higher	cost.	Payments
collected	in	advance	of	the	performance	of	service	are	initially	recorded	in	deferred	revenues	on	the	consolidated	balance	sheets	and	recognized	in
automotive	sales	ratably	over	the	service	coverage	periods.
	
71Table	of	Contents
We	provided	Tesla	Roadster	customers	with	the	opportunity	to	purchase	an	extended	warranty	plan	for	the	period	after	the	end	of	our	initial	New
Vehicle	Limited	Warranty	to	cover	additional	services	for	an	additional	three	years	or	36,000	miles.	We	refer	to	this	program	as	our	Extended	Service
plan.	Amounts	collected	on	these	sales	are	initially	recorded	in	deferred	revenues	on	the	consolidated	balance	sheets	and	recognized	in	automotive
sales	over	the	extended	warranty	period.
Additionally,	we	have	previously	provided	customers	of	our	Tesla	Roadsters	with	a	one-time	option	to	replace	the	battery	packs	in	their	vehicles	at
any	time	after	the	expiration	of	the	New	Vehicle	Limited	Warranty	but	before	the	tenth	anniversary	of	the	purchase	date	of	their	vehicles.	We	refer	to
this	program	as	our	Battery	Replacement	program.	Amounts	collected	on	these	sales	are	initially	recorded	in	deferred	revenues	on	the	consolidated
balance	sheets	and	recognized	in	automotive	sales	as	we	fulfill	our	obligation	to	replace	the	battery	packs.
Development	Services
Revenue	from	development	services	arrangements	consist	of	revenue	earned	from	the	development	of	electric	vehicle	powertrain	components	and
systems	for	other	automobile	manufacturers,	including	the	design	and	development	of	battery	packs,	drive	units	and	sample	vehicles	to	meet	a
customer​s	specifications.	Revenue	is	recognized	as	a	development	arrangement	is	finalized,	the	performance	requirements	of	each	development
arrangement	are	met	and	collection	is	reasonably	assured.	Where	development	arrangements	include	substantive	at-risk	milestones,	revenue	is
recognized	based	upon	the	achievement	of	the	contractually-defined	milestones.	Amounts	collected	in	advance	of	meeting	all	of	the	revenue	recognition
criteria	are	not	recognized	in	the	consolidated	statement	of	operations	and	are	instead	recorded	as	deferred	revenue	on	the	consolidated	balance	sheet.
Increased	complexity	to	our	development	agreements	or	changes	in	our	judgments	and	estimates	regarding	application	of	these	revenue	recognition
guidelines	could	result	in	a	change	in	the	timing	or	amount	of	revenue	recognized	in	future	periods.
Costs	of	development	services	are	expensed	as	incurred.	Costs	of	development	services	incurred	in	periods	prior	to	the	finalization	of	an
agreement	are	recorded	as	research	and	development	expenses;	once	an	agreement	is	finalized,	these	costs	are	recorded	in	cost	of	development
services.
Inventory	Valuation
We	value	our	inventories	at	the	lower	of	cost	or	market.	Cost	is	computed	using	standard	cost,	which	approximates	actual	cost	on	a	first-in,	first-
out	basis.	We	record	inventory	write-downs	for	estimated	obsolescence	or	unmarketable	inventories	based	upon	assumptions	about	future	demand
forecasts.	If	our	inventory	on	hand	is	in	excess	of	our	future	demand	forecast,	the	excess	amounts	are	written	off.
We	also	review	inventory	to	determine	whether	its	carrying	value	exceeds	the	net	amount	realizable	upon	the	ultimate	sale	of	the	inventory.	This
requires	us	to	determine	the	estimated	selling	price	of	our	vehicles	less	the	estimated	cost	to	convert	inventory	on	hand	into	a	finished	product.
Once	inventory	is	written-down,	a	new,	lower-cost	basis	for	that	inventory	is	established	and	subsequent	changes	in	facts	and	circumstances	do
not	result	in	the	restoration	or	increase	in	that	newly	established	cost	basis.
Inventory	amounts	are	based	on	our	current	estimates	of	demand,	selling	prices	and	production	costs.	Should	our	estimates	of	future	selling
prices	or	production	costs	change,	material	changes	to	these	reserves	may	be	required.	Further,	a	small	change	in	our	estimates	may	result	in	a
material	charge	to	our	reported	financial	results.
Warranties
We	accrue	warranty	reserves	at	the	time	revenue	is	recognized	for	the	sale	of	a	vehicle	or	powertrain	component.	Warranty	reserves	include
management​s	best	estimate	of	the	projected	costs	to	repair	or	to	replace
	
72Table	of	Contents
any	items	under	warranty,	based	on	actual	warranty	experience	as	it	becomes	available	and	other	known	factors	that	may	impact	our	evaluation	of
historical	data.	We	review	our	reserves	at	least	quarterly	to	ensure	that	our	accruals	are	adequate	in	meeting	expected	future	warranty	obligations,	and
we	will	adjust	our	estimates	as	needed.	Initial	warranty	data	can	be	limited	early	in	the	launch	of	a	new	vehicle	or	powertrain	component	and
accordingly,	the	adjustments	that	we	record	may	be	material.
It	is	likely	that	as	we	sell	additional	vehicles	and	powertrain	components	and	as	we	repair	or	replace	items	under	warranty,	we	will	acquire
additional	information	on	the	projected	costs	to	service	work	under	warranty	and	may	need	to	make	additional	adjustments.	Further,	a	small	change	in
our	warranty	estimates	may	result	in	a	material	charge	to	our	reported	financial	results.
Valuation	of	Stock-Based	Awards	and	Warrants
Stock-Based	Compensation
We	use	the	fair	value	method	of	accounting	for	our	stock	options	and	restricted	stock	units	(RSUs)	granted	to	employees	and	our	Employee	Stock
Purchase	Plan	(ESPP)	which	require	us	to	measure	the	cost	of	employee	services	received	in	exchange	for	the	stock-based	awards,	based	on	the	grant
date	fair	value	of	the	awards.	The	fair	value	of	stock	options	and	ESPP	are	estimated	on	the	grant	date	and	offering	date	using	the	Black-Scholes	option-
pricing	model.	The	fair	value	of	RSUs	is	measured	on	the	grant	date	based	on	the	closing	fair	market	value	of	our	common	stock.	The	resulting	cost	is
recognized	over	the	period	during	which	an	employee	is	required	to	provide	service	in	exchange	for	the	awards,	usually	the	vesting	period	which	is
generally	four	years	for	stock	options	and	RSUs	and	six	months	for	the	ESPP.	Stock-based	compensation	expense	is	recognized	on	a	straight-line	basis,
net	of	estimated	forfeitures.
The	fair	value	of	stock	options	and	the	ESPP	were	estimated	on	the	grant	date	for	the	periods	below	using	the	Black-Scholes	option-pricing	model
and	the	following	assumptions.
	
	
		
Year	Ended
December	31,
	
	
		
2013
	
	
2012
	
	
2011
	
Risk-free	interest	rate:
		
	
	
Stock	options
		
	
1.3
%	
	
	
1.0
%	
	
	
2.0
%	
ESPP
		
	
0.1
%	
	
	
0.2
%	
	
	
0.2
%	
Expected	term	(in	years):
		
	
	
Stock	options
		
	
6.1
		
	
	
5.9
		
	
	
6.0
		
ESPP
		
	
0.5
		
	
	
0.5
		
	
	
0.5
		
Expected	volatility:
		
	
	
Stock	options
		
	
57
%	
	
	
63
%	
	
	
70
%	
ESPP
		
	
43
%	
	
	
51
%	
	
	
59
%	
Dividend	yield:
		
	
	
Stock	options
		
	
0.0
%	
	
	
0.0
%	
	
	
0.0
%	
ESPP
		
	
0.0
%	
	
	
0.0
%	
	
	
0.0
%	
If	in	the	future	we	determine	that	another	method	for	calculating	the	fair	value	of	our	stock-based	awards	is	more	reasonable,	or	if	another
method	for	calculating	the	above	input	assumptions	is	prescribed	by	authoritative	guidance,	the	fair	value	calculated	for	our	stock-based	awards	could
change	significantly.
The	Black-Scholes	option-pricing	model	requires	inputs	such	as	the	risk-free	interest	rate,	expected	term	and	expected	volatility.	Further,	the
forfeiture	rate	also	affects	the	amount	of	aggregate	compensation.	These	inputs	are	subjective	and	generally	require	significant	judgment.
	
73Table	of	Contents
The	risk-free	interest	rate	that	we	use	is	based	on	the	United	States	Treasury	yield	in	effect	at	the	time	of	grant	for	zero	coupon	United	States
Treasury	notes	with	maturities	approximating	each	grant​s	expected	life.	Given	our	limited	history	with	employee	grants,	we	use	the	​simplified​	method
in	estimating	the	expected	term	for	our	employee	grants.	The	​simplified​	method,	as	permitted	by	the	SEC,	is	calculated	as	the	average	of	the	time-to-
vesting	and	the	contractual	life	of	the	options.
Our	expected	volatility	is	derived	from	our	implied	volatility	and	the	historical	volatilities	of	several	unrelated	public	companies	within	industries
related	to	our	business,	including	the	automotive	OEM,	automotive	retail,	automotive	parts	and	battery	technology	industries,	because	we	have	limited
trading	history	on	our	common	stock.	When	making	the	selections	of	our	peer	companies	within	industries	related	to	our	business	to	be	used	in	the
volatility	calculation,	we	also	considered	the	stage	of	development,	size	and	financial	leverage	of	potential	comparable	companies.	Our	historical
volatility	and	implied	volatility	are	weighted	based	on	certain	qualitative	factors	and	combined	to	produce	a	single	volatility	factor.
We	estimate	our	forfeiture	rate	based	on	an	analysis	of	our	actual	forfeitures	and	will	continue	to	evaluate	the	appropriateness	of	the	forfeiture
rate	based	on	actual	forfeiture	experience,	analysis	of	employee	turnover	behavior	and	other	factors.	Quarterly	changes	in	the	estimated	forfeiture	rate
can	have	a	significant	effect	on	reported	stock-based	compensation	expense,	as	the	cumulative	effect	of	adjusting	the	rate	for	all	expense	amortization
is	recognized	in	the	period	the	forfeiture	estimate	is	changed.	If	a	revised	forfeiture	rate	is	higher	than	the	previously	estimated	forfeiture	rate,	an
adjustment	is	made	that	will	result	in	a	decrease	to	the	stock-based	compensation	expense	recognized	in	the	consolidated	financial	statements.	If	a
revised	forfeiture	rate	is	lower	than	the	previously	estimated	forfeiture	rate,	an	adjustment	is	made	that	will	result	in	an	increase	to	the	stock-based
compensation	expense	recognized	in	the	consolidated	financial	statements.
As	we	accumulate	additional	employee	stock-based	awards	data	over	time	and	as	we	incorporate	market	data	related	to	our	common	stock,	we
may	calculate	significantly	different	volatilities,	expected	lives	and	forfeiture	rates,	which	could	materially	impact	the	valuation	of	our	stock-based
awards	and	the	stock-based	compensation	expense	that	we	will	recognize	in	future	periods.	Stock-based	compensation	expense	is	recorded	in	our	cost
of	revenues,	research	and	development	expenses,	and	selling,	general	and	administrative	expenses.
In	August	2012,	our	Board	of	Directors	granted	5,274,901	stock	options	to	our	CEO	(2012	CEO	Grant).	The	2012	CEO	Grant	consists	of	ten
vesting	tranches	with	a	vesting	schedule	based	entirely	on	the	attainment	of	both	performance	conditions	and	market	conditions,	assuming	continued
employment	and	service	to	us	through	each	vesting	date.
Each	of	the	vesting	tranches	requires	a	combination	of	one	of	the	ten	pre-determined	performance	milestones	outlined	below	and	an	incremental
increase	in	our	market	capitalization	of	$4.0	billion,	as	compared	to	the	initial	market	capitalization	of	$3.2	billion	measured	at	the	time	of	the	2012
CEO	Grant.
	
	
	
Successful	completion	of	the	Model	X	Engineering	Prototype	(Alpha);
	
	
	
Successful	completion	of	the	Model	X	Vehicle	Prototype	(Beta);
	
	
	
Completion	of	the	first	Model	X	Production	Vehicle;
	
	
	
Successful	completion	of	the	Gen	III	Engineering	Prototype	(Alpha);
	
	
	
Successful	completion	of	the	Gen	III	Vehicle	Prototype	(Beta);
	
	
	
Completion	of	the	first	Gen	III	Production	Vehicle;
	
	
	
Gross	margin	of	30%	or	more	for	four	consecutive	quarters;
	
	
	
Aggregate	vehicle	production	of	100,000	vehicles;
	
	
	
Aggregate	vehicle	production	of	200,000	vehicles;	and
	
	
	
Aggregate	vehicle	production	of	300,000	vehicles.
	
74Table	of	Contents
The	term	of	the	2012	CEO	Grant	is	ten	years,	so	any	tranches	that	remain	unvested	at	the	expiration	of	the	2012	CEO	Grant	will	be	forfeited.	In
addition,	unvested	options	will	be	forfeited	if	our	CEO	is	no	longer	in	that	role,	whether	for	cause	or	otherwise.	Based	on	our	current	market	valuation
and	operating	plans,	we	believe	that	up	to	the	first	three	tranches	of	the	2012	CEO	Grant	(all	relating	to	Model	X)	will	vest	during	2014.
We	measured	the	fair	value	of	the	2012	CEO	Grant	using	a	Monte	Carlo	simulation	approach	with	the	following	assumptions:	risk-free	interest
rate	of	1.65%,	expected	term	of	ten	years,	expected	volatility	of	55%	and	dividend	yield	of	0%.
Stock-based	compensation	expense	associated	with	the	2012	CEO	Grant	is	recognized	for	each	pair	of	performance	and	market	conditions	over
the	longer	of	the	expected	achievement	period	of	the	performance	and	market	conditions,	beginning	at	the	point	in	time	that	the	relevant	performance
condition	is	considered	probable	of	being	met.
As	of	December	31,	2013,	the	market	conditions	for	three	vesting	tranches	were	achieved	and	the	following	three	performance	milestones	were
considered	probable	of	achievement.
	
	
	
Successful	completion	of	the	Model	X	Engineering	Prototype	(Alpha);
	
	
	
Successful	completion	of	the	Model	X	Vehicle	Prototype	(Beta);
	
	
	
Completion	of	the	first	Model	X	Production	Vehicle.
None	of	the	stock	options	granted	under	the	2012	CEO	Grant	has	vested	as	the	performance	milestones	have	not	yet	been	achieved	as	of
December	31,	2013
.	However,	as	the	above	three	performance	milestones	were	considered	probable	of	achievement,	we	recorded	stock-based
compensation	expense	of	$14.5	million	and	$1.3	million	for	the	years	ended	December	31,	2013	and	2012,	respectively.
Additionally,	no	cash	compensation	has	been	received	by	our	CEO	for	his	services	to	the	Company.
Income	Taxes
We	record	our	provision	for	income	taxes	in	our	consolidated	statements	of	operations	by	estimating	our	taxes	in	each	of	the	jurisdictions	in	which
we	operate.	We	estimate	our	actual	current	tax	exposure	together	with	assessing	temporary	differences	arising	from	differing	treatment	of	items
recognized	for	financial	reporting	versus	tax	return	purposes.	In	general,	deferred	tax	assets	represent	future	tax	benefits	to	be	received	when	certain
expenses	previously	recognized	in	our	consolidated	statements	of	operations	become	deductible	expenses	under	applicable	income	tax	laws,	or	loss	or
credit	carryforwards	are	utilized.	Valuation	allowances	are	recorded	when	necessary	to	reduce	deferred	tax	assets	to	the	amount	expected	to	be
realized.
Significant	management	judgment	is	required	in	determining	our	provision	for	income	taxes,	our	deferred	tax	assets	and	liabilities	and	any
valuation	allowance	recorded	against	our	net	deferred	tax	assets.	We	make	these	estimates	and	judgments	about	our	future	taxable	income	that	are
based	on	assumptions	that	are	consistent	with	our	future	plans.	As	of	December	31,	2013,	we	had	recorded	a	full	valuation	allowance	on	our	net	U.S.
deferred	tax	assets	because	we	expect	that	it	is	more	likely	than	not	that	our	U.S.	deferred	tax	assets	will	not	be	realized	in	the	foreseeable
future.	Should	the	actual	amounts	differ	from	our	estimates,	the	amount	of	our	valuation	allowance	could	be	materially	impacted.
Furthermore,	significant	judgment	is	required	in	evaluating	our	tax	positions.	In	the	ordinary	course	of	business,	there	are	many	transactions	and
calculations	for	which	the	ultimate	tax	settlement	is	uncertain.	As	a	result,	we	recognize	the	effect	of	this	uncertainty	on	our	tax	attributes	based	on	our
estimates	of	the	eventual	outcome.	These	effects	are	recognized	when,	despite	our	belief	that	our	tax	return	positions	are	supportable,	we	believe	that	it
is	more	likely	than	not	that	those	positions	may	not	be	fully	sustained	upon	review	by	tax	authorities.	We	are	required	to	file	income	tax	returns	in	the
United	States	and	various	foreign	jurisdictions,
	
75Table	of	Contents
which	requires	us	to	interpret	the	applicable	tax	laws	and	regulations	in	effect	in	such	jurisdictions.	Such	returns	are	subject	to	audit	by	the	various
federal,	state	and	foreign	taxing	authorities,	who	may	disagree	with	respect	to	our	tax	positions.	We	believe	that	our	accounting	consideration	is
adequate	for	all	open	audit	years	based	on	our	assessment	of	many	factors,	including	past	experience	and	interpretations	of	tax	law.	We	review	and
update	our	estimates	in	light	of	changing	facts	and	circumstances,	such	as	the	closing	of	a	tax	audit,	the	lapse	of	a	statute	of	limitations	or	a	material
change	in	estimate.	To	the	extent	that	the	final	tax	outcome	of	these	matters	differs	from	our	expectations,	such	differences	may	impact	income	tax
expense	in	the	period	in	which	such	determination	is	made.	The	eventual	impact	on	our	income	tax	expense	depends	in	part	if	we	still	have	a	valuation
allowance	recorded	against	our	deferred	tax	assets	in	the	period	that	such	determination	is	made.
Results	of	Operations
The	following	table	sets	forth	our	consolidated	statements	of	operations	data	for	the	periods	presented	(in	thousands,	except	per	share	data):
	
	
		
Year	Ended	December	31,
	
	
		
2013
	
	
2012
	
	
2011
	
Revenues
		
	
	
Automotive	sales
		
$
1,997,786
		
	
$
385,699
		
	
$
148,568
		
Development	services
		
	
15,710
		
	
	
27,557
		
	
	
55,674
		
		
	
	
	
	
Total	revenues
		
	
2,013,496
		
	
	
413,256
		
	
	
204,242
		
Cost	of	revenues
		
	
	
Automotive	sales
		
	
1,543,878
		
	
	
371,658
		
	
	
115,482
		
Development	services
		
	
13,356
		
	
	
11,531
		
	
	
27,165
		
		
	
	
	
	
Total	cost	of	revenues
		
	
1,557,234
		
	
	
383,189
		
	
	
142,647
		
Gross	profit
		
	
456,262
		
	
	
30,067
		
	
	
61,595
		
Operating	expenses
		
	
	
Research	and	development
		
	
231,976
		
	
	
273,978
		
	
	
208,981
		
Selling,	general	and	administrative
		
	
285,569
		
	
	
150,372
		
	
	
104,102
		
		
	
	
	
	
Total	operating	expenses
		
	
517,545
		
	
	
424,350
		
	
	
313,083
		
		
	
	
	
	
Loss	from	operations
		
	
(61,283
)	
	
	
(394,283
)	
	
	
(251,488
)	
Interest	income
		
	
189
		
	
	
288
		
	
	
255
		
Interest	expense
		
	
(32,934
)	
	
	
(254
)	
	
	
(43
)	
Other	income	(expense),	net
		
	
22,602
		
	
	
(1,828
)	
	
	
(2,646
)	
		
	
	
	
	
Loss	before	income	taxes
		
	
(71,426
)	
	
	
(396,077
)	
	
	
(253,922
)	
Provision	for	income	taxes
		
	
2,588
		
	
	
136
		
	
	
489
		
		
	
	
	
	Net	loss
		
$
(74,014
)	
	
$
(396,213
)	
	
$
(254,411
)	
		
	
	
	
	
Revenues
Automotive	Sales
Automotive	sales,	which	include	vehicle,	options	and	related	sales,	and	powertrain	component	and	related	sales,	consisted	of	the	following	for	the
periods	presented	(in	thousands):
	
	
		
Year	Ended	December	31,
	
	
		
2013
	
		
2012
	
		
2011
	
Vehicle,	options	and	related	sales
		
$
1,952,684
		
		
$
354,344
		
		
$
101,708
		
Powertrain	component	and	related	sales
		
	
45,102
		
		
	
31,355
		
		
	
46,860
		
		
	
		
	
	
Total	automotive	sales
		
$
1,997,786
		
		
$
385,699
		
		
$
148,568
		
		
	
		
	
	
	
76Table	of	Contents
Automotive	sales	for	the	year	ended	December	31,	2013	were	$2.0	billion,	an	increase	from	$385.7	million	for	the	year	ended	December	31,	2012.
Vehicle,	options	and	related	sales	primarily	represent	revenues	related	to	deliveries	of	Model	S,	including	vehicle	options,	accessories	and	destination
charges,	vehicle	service	and	sales	of	regulatory	credits	to	other	automotive	manufacturers.	Powertrain	component	and	related	sales	represent	the	sales
of	electric	vehicle	powertrain	components	and	systems,	such	as	battery	packs	and	drive	units,	to	other	manufacturers.
Vehicle,	options	and	related	sales	during	the	year	ended	December	31,	2013	were	$1.95	billion,	an	increase	from	$354.3	million	for	the	year
ended	December	31,	2012.	The	significant	increase	in	vehicle,	options	and	related	sales	was	primarily	driven	by	the	delivery	of	22,477	Model	S	vehicles
for	the	year,	including	the	commencement	of	European	deliveries	in	August	2013.	For	the	year	ended	December	31,	2012,	we	had	delivered	about	2,650
Model	S	vehicles	following	the	commencement	of	our	Model	S	deliveries	in	June	2012.	The	increase	also	resulted	from	higher	sales	of	regulatory	credits
including	$129.8	million	in	ZEV	credit	sales	for	the	year	ended	December	31,	2013,	compared	to	$32.4	million	for	the	year	ended	December	31,	2012.
In	April	2013,	we	began	offering	a	resale	value	guarantee	to	all	customers	who	purchased	a	Model	S	in	the	United	States	and	financed	their
vehicle	through	one	of	our	specified	commercial	banking	partners,	and	in	October	2013,	we	introduced	this	program	in	Canada.	Under	the	program,
Model	S	customers	have	the	option	of	selling	their	vehicle	back	to	us	during	the	period	of	36	to	39	months	for	a	pre-determined	resale	value.	We
account	for	transactions	under	the	resale	value	guarantee	program	as	operating	leases	and,	accordingly,	we	defer	and	amortize	to	revenues	the	initial
purchase	consideration	less	resale	value	guarantee	amount	on	a	straight-line	basis,	over	the	contractual	term	of	the	guarantee	program.	If	a	customer
decides	not	to	sell	their	vehicle	back	to	us	by	the	end	of	the	resale	value	guarantee	term,	the	amount	of	the	resale	value	guarantee	is	then	recognized	in
automotive	sales.	Through	December	31,	2013,	we	delivered	approximately	5,200	Model	S	vehicles	under	the	resale	value	guarantee	program.	As	of
December	31,	2013,	we	recorded	$230.9	million	in	deferred	revenues	and	$236.3	million	in	resale	value	guarantee	related	to	Model	S	deliveries	with
the	resale	value	guarantee.	For	the	year	ended	December	31,	2013,	we	recognized	revenue	of	$29.1	million	in	automotive	sales	related	to	this	program.
Powertrain	component	and	related	sales	for	the	periods	presented	were	related	to	powertrain	component	sales	to	Toyota	under	the	RAV4	EV
supply	and	services	agreement	which	commenced	in	March	2012.	Powertrain	component	and	related	sales	for	the	year	ended	December	31,	2013	were
$45.1	million,	an	increase	from	$34.1	million	for	the	year	ended	December	31,	2012.
Automotive	sales	for	the	year	ended	December	31,	2012	were	$385.7	million,	an	increase	from	$148.6	million	for	the	year	ended	December	31,
2011.
Vehicle,	options	and	related	sales	for	the	year	ended	December	31,	2012	were	$354.3	million,	an	increase	from	$101.7	million	for	the	year	ended
December	31,	2011.	The	increase	in	vehicle,	options	and	related	sales	was	primarily	attributable	to	the	commencement	of	Model	S	customer	deliveries
in	June	2012	and	subsequent	ramp	as	well	as	sales	of	regulatory	credits,	partially	offset	by	a	decrease	in	the	number	of	Tesla	Roadsters	sold	as	we
completed	production	of	the	Tesla	Roadster	in	January	2012	and	were	selling	our	remaining	inventory	primarily	in	Europe	and	Asia.
Vehicle,	options	and	related	sales	for	the	year	ended	December	31,	2012	included	regulatory	credit	sales	of	$40.5	million	compared	to	regulatory
credit	sales	of	$2.7	million	for	the	year	ended	December	31,	2011.	The	significant	increase	in	production	and	delivery	of	vehicles	in	the	United	States
allowed	us	to	sell	more	regulatory	credits	to	other	automotive	manufacturers.
Powertrain	component	and	related	sales	for	the	year	ended	December	31,	2012	were	$31.4	million,	a	decrease	from	$46.9	million	for	the	year
ended	December	31,	2011.	The	decrease	in	powertrain	component	and	related	sales	was	primarily	due	to	fewer	shipments	of	battery	packs	and
chargers	to	Daimler.	Production	for	both
	
77Table	of	Contents
the	Daimler	Smart	fortwo	and	A-Class	EV	programs	was	substantially	completed	as	of	December	31,	2011.	During	the	three	months	ended	March	31,
2012,	we	began	supplying	powertrain	systems	to	Toyota	under	the	RAV4	EV	supply	and	services	agreement	and	recognized	$29.1	million	for	the	year
ended	December	31,	2012.
Development	Services
Development	services	represent	arrangements	where	we	develop	electric	vehicle	powertrain	components	and	systems	for	other	automotive
manufacturers,	including	the	design	and	development	of	battery	packs,	drive	units	and	chargers	to	meet	customers​	specifications.
Development	services	revenue	for	the	year	ended	December	31,	2013	was	$15.7	million,	a	decrease	from	$27.6	million	for	the	year	ended
December	31,	2012.	Development	services	revenue	for	the	year	ended	December	31,	2012	was	$27.6	million,	a	decrease	from	$55.7	million	for	the	year
ended	December	31,	2011.
During	the	fourth	quarter	of	2011,	Daimler	engaged	us	to	assist	with	the	development	of	a	full	electric	powertrain	for	a	Daimler	Mercedes-Benz
B-Class	EV	vehicle.	In	2012,	we	received	two	purchase	orders	from	Daimler	to	begin	development	work	and	also	entered	into	a	separate	development
agreement	under	which	we	would	complete	various	milestones	and	deliver	prototype	samples.	During	the	years	ended	December	31,	2013	and	2012,	we
recognized	a	total	$15.7	million	and	$15.9	million	in	development	services	revenue,	respectively,	related	to	this	program.
In	July	2010,	we	entered	into	an	agreement	with	Toyota	to	initiate	development	of	an	electric	powertrain	for	the	Toyota	RAV4.	Under	this	Phase	0
development	agreement,	prototypes	were	made	by	us	by	combining	the	Toyota	RAV4	model	with	a	Tesla	electric	powertrain.	In	October	2010,	we
entered	into	a	Phase	1	contract	services	agreement	with	Toyota	for	the	development	of	a	validated	powertrain	system,	including	a	battery	pack,	power
electronics	module,	motor,	gearbox	and	associated	software,	which	would	be	integrated	into	an	electric	vehicle	version	of	the	Toyota	RAV4.	During	the
year	ended	December	31,	2011,	we	completed	various	milestones	and	delivered	several	samples	under	the	Phase	1	agreement	and	delivered	all
development	services	under	the	Phase	0	agreement.	During	the	three	months	ended	March	31,	2012,	we	completed	our	remaining	milestones	and
delivered	samples	under	the	Phase	1	agreement.	Development	services	revenue	under	these	arrangements	with	Toyota	for	the	years	ended
December	31,	2012	and	2011	was	$10.7	million	and	$55.0	million,	respectively.
Cost	of	Revenues	and	Gross	Profit
Cost	of	revenues	includes	cost	of	automotive	sales	and	costs	related	to	our	development	services.
Cost	of	automotive	sales	for	the	year	ended	December	31,	2013	was	$1.54	billion,	an	increase	from	$371.7	million	for	the	year	ended
December	31,	2012.	Cost	of	automotive	sales	includes	direct	parts,	material	and	labor	costs,	manufacturing	overhead,	including	amortized	tooling	costs,
royalty	fees,	shipping	and	logistic	costs	and	reserves	for	estimated	warranty	expenses.	Cost	of	automotive	sales	also	includes	adjustments	to	warranty
expense	and	charges	to	write	down	the	carrying	value	of	our	inventory	when	it	exceeds	its	estimated	net	realizable	value	and	to	provide	for	obsolete
and	on-hand	inventory	in	excess	of	forecasted	demand.	The	increase	in	cost	of	automotive	sales	was	driven	primarily	by	Model	S	deliveries,	including
the	commencement	of	European	deliveries	in	August	2013,	as	well	as	deliveries	of	electric	powertrain	component	and	systems	to	Toyota	under	the
Toyota	RAV4	EV	supply	and	services	agreement.
In	April	2013,	we	began	offering	a	resale	value	guarantee	to	all	customers	who	purchased	a	Model	S	in	the	United	States	and	financed	their
vehicle	and	vehicle	options	through	one	of	our	specified	commercial	banking	partners,	and	in	October	2013,	we	introduced	this	program	in	Canada.
Under	the	program,	we	capitalize	the	cost	of	Model	S	into	operating	lease	vehicles	and	depreciate	the	respective	operating	lease	vehicles	less	expected
salvage	value	to	cost	of	automotive	sales	on	a	straight-line	basis,	over	the	contractual	term	of	the	guarantee
	
78Table	of	Contents
program.	If	a	customer	decides	not	to	sell	their	vehicle	back	to	us	by	the	end	of	the	resale	value	guarantee	term,	the	remaining	operating	lease	vehicle
net	book	value	is	then	recognized	in	automotive	sales.	As	of	December	31,	2013,	we	recorded	$377.0	million	in	operating	lease	vehicles,	net,	related	to
Model	S	deliveries	with	the	resale	value	guarantee.	For	the	year	ended	December	31,	2013,	we	recognized	$19.4	million	in	cost	of	automotive	sales
related	to	vehicle	depreciation	under	this	program.	Our	warranty	reserves	do	not	include	projected	warranty	costs	associated	with	our	resale	value
guarantee	vehicles	as	such	actual	warranty	costs	are	expensed	as	incurred.	For	the	year	ended	December	31,	2013,	warranty	costs	incurred	for	our
resale	value	guarantee	vehicles	were	$1.6	million.
Gross	profit	for	the	year	ended	December	31,	2013	was	$456.3	million,	an	increase	from	$30.1	million	for	the	year	ended	December	31,	2012.
This	increase	was	driven	primarily	by	Model	S	deliveries	which	began	in	June	2012	in	North	America	and	in	August	2013	in	Europe	and	the	sales	of
regulatory	credits	which	carry	no	associated	cost	of	revenues.	The	increase	was	also	attributable	to	our	continuing	cost	reduction	efforts	including
process	efficiencies	in	manufacturing	and	supply	chain,	design	improvements,	as	well	as	reduction	of	waste	in	the	supply	chain.
Cost	of	automotive	sales	for	the	year	ended	December	31,	2012	was	$371.7	million,	an	increase	from	$115.5	million	for	the	year	ended
December	31,	2011.	The	increase	in	cost	of	automotive	sales	was	driven	primarily	by	the	commencement	of	Model	S	deliveries	in	June	2012	as	well	as
electric	powertrain	component	and	systems	sales	to	Toyota	as	we	began	to	deliver	under	the	Toyota	RAV4	EV	supply	and	services	agreement,	partially
offset	by	a	decrease	in	the	number	of	Tesla	Roadster	deliveries	and	battery	packs	and	chargers	delivered	to	Daimler.
Cost	of	development	services	for	the	year	ended	December	31,	2012	was	$11.5	million,	a	decrease	from	$27.2	million	for	the	year	ended
December	31,	2011.	Cost	of	development	services	includes	engineering	support	and	testing,	direct	parts,	material	and	labor	costs,	manufacturing
overhead,	including	amortized	tooling	costs,	shipping	and	logistic	costs	and	other	development	expenses	that	we	incur	in	the	performance	of	our
services	under	development	agreements.	The	decrease	in	cost	of	development	services	was	driven	primarily	by	our	activities	for	the	Toyota	RAV4	EV
program	which	we	substantially	completed	during	the	three	months	ended	March	31,	2012,	partially	offset	by	costs	associated	with	development
activities	related	to	the	Mercedes-Benz	B-Class	EV	program	which	we	commenced	in	2012.
Gross	profit	for	the	year	ended	December	31,	2012	was	$30.1	million,	a	decrease	from	$61.6	million	for	the	year	ended	December	31,	2011.	The
decrease	for	the	year	ended	December	31,	2012,	compared	to	the	year	ended	December	31,	2011,	was	driven	primarily	by	the	commencement	of	Model
S	deliveries	and	the	associated	early	stage	cost	inefficiencies	including	lower	fixed	cost	absorption,	manufacturing	inefficiencies	related	to	production
ramp,	higher	initial	parts	costs	and	higher	logistics	costs	as	our	supply	chain	took	time	to	mature	as	well	as	lower	sales	of	the	Tesla	Roadster,	partially
offset	by	the	sales	of	regulatory	credits	which	carry	no	associated	cost	of	revenues.
We	expect	our	development	services	gross	profit	and	gross	margin	may	fluctuate	in	future	periods	as	the	timing	of	revenue	recognition	may	not
coincide	with	the	period	in	which	the	corresponding	cost	of	revenues	is	recognized.
Research	and	Development	Expenses
Research	and	development	(R&D)	expenses	consist	primarily	of	personnel	costs	for	our	teams	in	engineering	and	research,	supply	chain,	quality,
manufacturing	engineering	and	manufacturing	test	organizations,	prototyping	expense,	contract	and	professional	services	and	amortized	equipment
expense.	Overhead	costs	related	to	the	Tesla	Factory	prior	to	the	start	of	production	of	Model	S	are	also	included	in	R&D	expenses.	Also	included	in
R&D	expenses	are	development	services	costs	that	we	incur,	if	any,	prior	to	the	finalization	of	agreements	with	our	development	services	customers	as
reaching	a	final	agreement	and	revenue	recognition	is
	
79Table	of	Contents
not	assured.	Development	services	costs	incurred	after	the	finalization	of	an	agreement	are	recorded	in	cost	of	revenues.
R&D	expenses	for	the	year	ended	December	31,	2013	were	$232.0	million,	a	decrease	from	$274.0	million	for	the	year	ended	December	31,	2012.
R&D	expenses	decreased	due	to	significant	development,	prototyping	and	testing	expenses	related	to	the	Model	S	launch	in	2012,	partially	offset	by	an
increase	in	similar	costs	in	2013	for	Model	X	and	right-hand	drive	Model	S	and	other	programs.	The	$42.0	million	decrease	in	R&D	expenses	during	the
year	ended	December	31,	2013	consisted	primarily	of	an	$18.2	million	decrease	in	expensed	materials,	an	$8.5	million	decrease	in	employee
compensation	expenses,	a	$7.8	million	decrease	in	costs	related	to	Model	S	engineering,	design	and	testing	activities,	a	$6.6	million	decrease	in
shipping	charges	for	Model	S	prototype	materials	and	a	$4.9	million	decrease	in	office,	information	technology	and	facilities-related	costs.	The	decrease
was	partially	offset	by	a	$5.0	million	increase	in	stock-based	compensation	expense	related	to	a	larger	number	of	outstanding	equity	awards	due	to
additional	headcount	and	generally	an	increasing	common	stock	valuation	applied	to	new	grants.
Research	and	development	expenses	for	the	year	ended	December	31,	2012	were	$274.0	million,	an	increase	from	$209.0	million	for	the	year
ended	December	31,	2011.	The	$65.0	million	increase	in	research	and	development	expenses	during	the	year	ended	December	31,	2012	consisted
primarily	of	a	$54.3	million	increase	in	employee	compensation	expenses	from	higher	headcount,	a	$23.1	million	increase	in	office,	information
technology	and	facilities-related	costs	to	support	the	growth	of	our	business,	a	$15.1	million	increase	in	stock-based	compensation	expense	related	to	a
larger	number	of	outstanding	equity	awards	due	to	additional	headcount	and	generally	an	increasing	common	stock	valuation	applied	to	new	grants,
and	a	$3.3	million	increase	in	shipping	charges	for	prototype	materials	incurred	in	the	first	half	of	2012.	The	increase	was	partially	offset	by	a	$30.9
million	decrease	in	materials	and	prototyping	expenses	primarily	to	support	our	Model	S	beta	and	release	candidate	builds	as	well	as	powertrain
development	activities.
Selling,	General	and	Administrative	Expenses
Selling,	general	and	administrative	(SG&A)	expenses	consist	primarily	of	personnel	and	facilities	costs	related	to	our	Tesla	stores,	marketing,
sales,	executive,	finance,	human	resources,	information	technology	and	legal	organizations,	as	well	as	litigation	settlements	and	fees	for	professional
and	contract	services.
SG&A	expenses	for	the	year	ended	December	31,	2013	were	$285.6	million,	an	increase	from	$150.4	million	for	the	year	ended	December	31,
2012.	SG&A	expenses	increased	primarily	from	higher	headcount	and	costs	to	support	an	expanded	retail,	service	and	Supercharger	footprint	as	well	as
the	general	growth	of	the	business.	The	$135.2	million	increase	in	our	SG&A	expenses	during	the	year	ended	December	31,	2013	consisted	primarily	of
a	$62.8	million	increase	in	employee	compensation	expenses	related	to	higher	sales	and	marketing	headcount	to	support	sales	activities	worldwide	and
higher	general	and	administrative	headcount	to	support	the	expansion	of	the	business,	a	$36.8	million	increase	in	office,	information	technology	and
facilities-related	costs	to	support	the	growth	of	our	business	as	well	as	sales	and	marketing	activities	to	handle	our	expanding	market	presence,	a
$17.8	million	increase	in	stock-based	compensation	expense	related	to	a	larger	number	of	outstanding	equity	awards	due	to	additional	headcount	and
generally	an	increasing	common	stock	valuation	applied	to	new	grants	and	a	$17.2	million	increase	in	professional	and	outside	services	costs.
SG&A	expenses	for	the	year	ended	December	31,	2012	were	$150.4	million,	an	increase	from	$104.1	million	for	the	year	ended	December	31,
2011.	The	$46.3	million	increase	in	our	selling,	general	and	administrative	expenses	during	the	year	ended	December	31,	2012	consisted	primarily	of	a
$24.3	million	increase	in	employee	compensation	expenses	related	to	higher	sales	and	marketing	headcount	to	support	sales	activities	worldwide	and
higher	general	and	administrative	headcount	to	support	the	expansion	of	the	business,	a	$9.4	million	increase	in	office,	information	technology	and
facilities-related	costs	to	support	an	expanded	store	and	service	network	and	the	growth	of	our	business	in	general,	a	$6.0	million	increase	in	stock-
based	compensation	expense	related	to	a	larger	number	of	outstanding	equity	awards	due	to	additional	headcount	and
	
80Table	of	Contents
generally	an	increasing	common	stock	valuation	applied	to	new	grants,	and	a	$6.0	million	increase	in	professional	and	outside	services	costs.
Interest	Expense
Interest	expense	for	the	year	ended	December	31,	2013	was	$36.4	million,	an	increase	from	$7.9	million	for	the	year	ended	December	31,	2012.
Historically,	we	incurred	interest	expense	primarily	from	our	loans	under	the	DOE	Loan	Facility	and	capitalized	interest	to	assets	under	construction
related	to	significant	asset	construction.	For	the	year	ended	December	31,	2013	and	2012,	we	capitalized	$3.5	million	and	$7.6	million	of	interest
expense	to	construction	in	progress,	respectively.
In	May	2013,	we	issued	$660.0	million	aggregate	principal	amount	of	Notes.	The	net	proceeds	from	the	offering,	after	deducting	transaction
costs,	were	approximately	$648.0	million.	We	incurred	$12.0	million	of	debt	issuance	costs	in	connection	with	the	issuance	of	the	Notes	which	we	have
recorded	in	other	assets	and	are	amortizing	to	interest	expense	using	the	effective	interest	method	over	the	contractual	term	of	the	Notes.	Under	the
terms	of	the	Notes,	1.50%	coupon	interest	per	annum	on	the	principal	amount	of	the	Notes	is	payable	semi-annually	in	arrears	on	June	1	and
December	1	of	each	year,	commencing	on	December	1,	2013.	For	the	year	ended	December	31,	2013,	we	recognized	$1.2	million	of	interest	expense
related	to	the	amortization	of	debt	issuance	costs	and	$5.9	million	of	coupon	interest	expense.
In	accordance	with	accounting	guidance	on	embedded	conversion	features,	we	valued	and	bifurcated	the	conversion	option	associated	with	the
Notes	from	the	host	debt	instrument	and	recorded	the	conversion	option	of	$82.8	million	in	equity.	The	resulting	debt	discount	on	the	Notes	is	being
amortized	to	interest	expense	at	an	effective	interest	rate	of	4.29%	over	the	contractual	term	of	the	Notes.	For	the	year	ended	December	31,	2013,	we
recognized	$9.1	million	of	interest	expense	related	to	the	amortization	of	the	debt	discount.
In	May	2013,	we	used	a	portion	of	the	Notes	offering	proceeds	to	repay	our	outstanding	Department	of	Energy	(DOE)	loan	principal	of	$439.6
million,	a	$10.8	million	early	repayment	fee	and	accrued	interest	of	$1.4	million.	As	a	result	of	the	extinguishment	of	our	loans,	unamortized	loan
origination	costs	associated	with	the	DOE	Loan	Facility	of	$5.6	million	were	charged	to	interest	expense.	For	the	year	ended	December	31,	2013,	we
recorded	total	interest	expense	of	$17.8	million	related	to	the	early	repayment	fee,	accrued	interest	and	the	amortization	of	the	remaining	loan
origination	costs	on	the	DOE	Loan	Facility.
Interest	expense	for	the	year	ended	December	31,	2012	and	2011	was	$7.9	million	and	$5.1	million,	respectively,	incurred	primarily	from	our
loans	under	the	DOE	Loan	Facility	to	fund	our	Model	S	and	powertrain	activities,	and	as	of	August	2012,	we	had	fully	drawn	down	on	the	DOE	Loan
Facility.	During	the	years	ended	December	31,	2012	and	2011,	we	capitalized	$7.6	million	and	$5.1	million	of	interest	expense	to	construction	in
progress,	respectively.
Other	Income	(Expense),	Net
Other	income	(expense),	net,	consists	primarily	of	the	change	in	the	fair	value	of	our	DOE	common	stock	warrant	liability	and	foreign	exchange
gains	and	losses	related	to	our	foreign	currency-denominated	assets	and	liabilities.	We	expect	our	foreign	exchange	gains	and	losses	will	vary
depending	upon	movements	in	the	underlying	exchange	rates.	Prior	to	the	expiration	of	the	DOE	warrant	in	May	2013,	the	DOE	warrant	had	been
carried	at	its	estimated	fair	value	with	changes	in	its	fair	value	reflected	in	other	income	(expense),	net.
Other	income,	net,	for	the	year	ended	December	31,	2013	was	$22.6	million,	an	increase	in	income	compared	to	other	expense,	net,	of	$1.8
million	for	the	year	ended	December	31,	2012.	The	increase	in	other	income,	net,	was	primarily	due	to	the	reduction	in	fair	value	of	our	DOE	common
stock	warrant	liability	of	$10.7	million	for	the	year	ended	December	31,	2013.	In	March	2013,	we	entered	into	a	fourth	amendment	to	the	DOE	Loan
Facility	which,	among	other	things,	accelerated	the	maturity	date	of	our	DOE	loans	to	December	15,	2017;
	
81Table	of	Contents
therefore,	the	DOE	warrant	was	no	longer	expected	to	vest.	The	increase	in	other	income,	net,	was	also	attributable	to	the	favorable	foreign	currency
exchange	impact	from	our	foreign	currency-denominated	liabilities	during	the	year	ended	December	31,	2013,	especially	related	to	the	Japanese	yen.
Other	expense,	net,	for	the	year	ended	December	31,	2012	was	$1.8	million,	a	decrease	in	expense	compared	to	other	expense,	net,	of	$2.6
million	for	the	year	ended	December	31,	2011.	The	decrease	in	expense	for	the	year	ended	December	31,	2012	was	primarily	due	to	a	favorable	foreign
currency	exchange	impact	from	our	foreign	currency-denominated	liabilities,	partially	offset	by	the	fair	value	change	in	our	common	stock	warrant
liability	during	the	year	ended	December	31,	2012	resulting	from	a	higher	stock	price.
Provision	for	Income	Taxes
Our	provision	for	income	taxes	for	the	year	ended	December	31,	2013	was	$2.6	million,	compared	to	$0.1	million	for	the	year	ended
December	31,	2012.	The	increase	for	the	year	ended	December	31,	2013	was	due	primarily	to	the	increase	in	taxable	income	in	our	international
jurisdictions	as	we	commenced	European	deliveries	of	Model	S	in	August	2013.
Our	provision	for	income	taxes	for	the	year	ended	December	31,	2012	was	$0.1	million,	a	decrease	from	$0.5	million	for	the	year	ended
December	31,	2011.	The	decrease	was	due	primarily	to	the	decrease	in	taxable	income	in	our	international	jurisdictions	as	we	concluded	sales	of	the
Tesla	Roadster.
Liquidity	and	Capital	Resources
Since	inception	and	through	the	year	ended	December	31,	2013,	we	had	accumulated	net	operating	losses	of	$1.14	billion	and	have	used	$466.7
million	of	cash	in	operations.	As	of	December	31,	2013,	we	had	$845.9	million	in	principal	sources	of	liquidity	available	from	our	cash	and	cash
equivalents	including	$460.3	million	of	money	market	funds.
Other	sources	of	cash	include	cash	from	our	deliveries	of	Model	S,	customer	deposits	for	Model	S	and	Model	X,	sales	of	regulatory	credits,	cash
from	the	provision	of	development	services,	and	sales	of	powertrain	components	and	systems.	In	the	short	term,	we	expect	that	our	current	sources	of
liquidity,	including	cash	and	cash	equivalents,	together	with	our	current	projections	of	cash	flow	from	operating	activities,	will	continue	to	provide	us
with	adequate	liquidity	based	on	our	current	plans.	These	capital	sources	will	enable	us	to	fund	our	ongoing	operations,	continue	research	and
development	projects,	including	those	for	our	planned	Model	X	crossover	and	certain	future	products,	establish	and	expand	our	stores,	service	centers
and	Supercharger	network	and	to	make	the	investments	in	tooling	and	manufacturing	capital	required	to	introduce	Model	X	and	to	continue	to	ramp	up
production	of	Model	S.	We	may	seek	additional	capital	sources	to	partially	fund	certain	long-term	growth	initiatives,	such	as	to	build	the	Tesla
Gigafactory	and	for	future	products	such	as	our	third	generation	vehicle.
During	the	year	ended	December	31,	2013,	we	increased	the	number	of	Superchargers	to	nearly	90	locations	in	North	America	and	in	Europe.	We
expect	to	continue	making	investments	in	the	Supercharger	network	in	2014,	including	in	China.
If	market	conditions	are	favorable,	we	will	continually	evaluate	alternatives	to	opportunistically	pursue	liquidity	options.	Also,	should	prevailing
economic	conditions	and/or	financial,	business	or	other	factors	adversely	affect	the	estimates	of	our	future	cash	requirements,	we	could	be	required	to
fund	our	cash	requirements	through	additional	or	alternative	sources	of	financing.	We	cannot	be	certain	that	additional	funds	will	be	available	to	us	on
favorable	terms	when	required,	or	at	all.
We	currently	anticipate	making	aggregate	capital	expenditures	of	between	$650	million	and	$850	million	during	the	year	ending	December	31,
2014.
	
82Table	of	Contents
1.50%	Convertible	Senior	Notes	and	Bond	Hedge	and	Warrant	Transactions
In	May	2013,	we	issued	$660.0	million	aggregate	principal	amount	of	1.50%	convertible	senior	notes	due	2018	(the	Notes)	in	a	public	offering.
The	net	proceeds	from	the	offering,	after	deducting	transaction	costs,	were	approximately	$648.0	million.	We	incurred	$12.0	million	of	debt	issuance
costs	in	connection	with	the	issuance	of	the	Notes	which	we	have	recorded	in	other	assets	and	are	amortizing	to	interest	expense	using	the	effective
interest	method	over	the	contractual	term	of	the	Notes.	The	interest	under	the	Notes	is	fixed	at	1.50%	per	annum	and	is	payable	semi-annually	in
arrears	on	June	1	and	December	1	of	each	year,	commencing	on	December	1,	2013.
Each	$1,000	of	principal	of	the	Notes	will	initially	be	convertible	into	8.0306	shares	of	our	common	stock,	which	is	equivalent	to	an	initial
conversion	price	of	approximately	$124.52	per	share,	subject	to	adjustment	upon	the	occurrence	of	specified	events.	Holders	of	the	Notes	may	convert
their	Notes	at	their	option	on	or	after	March	1,	2018.	Further,	holders	of	the	Notes	may	convert	their	Notes	at	their	option	prior	to	March	1,	2018,	only
under	the	following	circumstances:	(1)	during	any	fiscal	quarter	beginning	after	the	fiscal	quarter	ending	September	30,	2013,	if	the	last	reported	sale
price	of	our	common	stock	for	at	least	20	trading	days	(whether	or	not	consecutive)	during	the	last	30	consecutive	trading	days	of	the	immediately
preceding	fiscal	quarter	is	greater	than	or	equal	to	130%	of	the	conversion	price	on	each	applicable	trading	day;	(2)	during	the	five	business	day	period
following	any	five	consecutive	trading	day	period	in	which	the	trading	price	for	the	Notes	is	less	than	98%	of	the	average	of	the	closing	sale	price	of	our
common	stock	for	each	day	during	such	five	trading	day	period;	or	(3)	if	we	make	specified	distributions	to	holders	of	our	common	stock	or	if	specified
corporate	transactions	occur.	Upon	conversion,	we	would	pay	the	holders	in	cash	for	the	principal	amount	of	the	Note	and,	if	applicable,	shares	of	our
common	stock	(subject	to	our	right	to	deliver	cash	in	lieu	of	all	or	a	portion	of	such	shares	of	our	common	stock)	based	on	a	calculated	daily	conversion
value.	If	a	fundamental	change	occurs	prior	to	the	maturity	date,	holders	of	the	Notes	may	require	us	to	repurchase	all	or	a	portion	of	their	Notes	for
cash	at	a	repurchase	price	equal	to	100%	of	the	principal	amount	of	the	Notes,	plus	any	accrued	and	unpaid	interest.	In	addition,	if	specific	corporate
events	occur	prior	to	the	maturity	date,	we	will	increase	the	conversion	rate	for	a	holder	who	elects	to	convert	its	Notes	in	connection	with	such	a
corporate	event	in	certain	circumstances.
In	connection	with	the	offering	of	the	Notes,	we	entered	into	convertible	note	hedge	transactions	whereby	we	have	the	option	to	purchase	up	to
5.3	million	shares	of	our	common	stock	at	a	price	of	approximately	$124.52	per	share.	The	cost	of	the	convertible	note	hedge	transactions	was
$177.5	million.	In	addition,	we	sold	warrants	whereby	the	holders	of	the	warrants	have	the	option	to	purchase	up	to	approximately	5.3	million	shares	of
our	common	stock	at	a	price	of	$184.48	per	share.	We	received	$120.3	million	in	cash	proceeds	from	the	sale	of	these	warrants.	Taken	together,	the
purchase	of	the	convertible	note	hedges	and	the	sale	of	warrants	are	intended	to	offset	any	actual	dilution	from	the	conversion	of	the	Notes	and	to
effectively	increase	the	overall	conversion	price	from	$124.52	to	$184.48	per	share.
During	the	fourth	quarter	of	2013,	the	closing	price	of	our	common	stock	did	not	meet	or	exceed	130%	of	the	applicable	conversion	price	of	our
Notes	on	at	least	20	of	the	last	30	consecutive	trading	days	of	the	quarter;	furthermore,	no	other	conditions	allowing	holders	of	the	Notes	to	convert
have	been	met	as	of	December	31,	2013.	Therefore,	the	Notes	are	not	convertible	during	the	first	quarter	of	2014	and	are	classified	as	long-term	debt.
Should	the	closing	price	conditions	be	met	in	the	first	quarter	of	2014	or	a	future	quarter,	the	Notes	will	be	convertible	at	their	holders​	option	during
the	immediately	following	quarter.
For	more	information	on	the	Notes,	see	Note	6	to	our	Consolidated	Financial	Statements	included	in	this	Annual	Report	on	Form	10-K	under
Item	8.	Financial	Statements	and	Supplementary	Data.
Common	Stock	Offering	and	Concurrent	Private	Placement
Concurrent	with	the	execution	of	the	Notes	and	related	transactions	in	May	2013,	we	also	completed	a	public	offering	of	common	stock	and	sold	a
total	of	3,902,862	shares	of	our	common	stock	for	total	cash	proceeds	of	approximately	$355.1	million	(which	includes	487,857	shares	or	$45.0	million
sold	to	our	Chief
	
83Table	of	Contents
Executive	Officer	(CEO)),	net	of	underwriting	discounts	and	offering	costs.	We	also	sold	596,272	shares	of	our	common	stock	to	our	CEO	and	received
total	cash	proceeds	of	$55.0	million	in	a	private	placement	at	the	public	offering	price.
Customer	Deposits
Customer	deposits	consist	of	payments	that	allow	potential	customers	to	place	an	order	for	the	future	purchase	of	a	Model	S	or	Model	X.	These
amounts	are	recorded	as	current	liabilities	until	the	vehicle	is	delivered.	We	require	full	payment	of	the	purchase	price	of	the	vehicle	only	upon	delivery
of	the	vehicle	to	the	customer.	Amounts	received	by	us	as	customer	deposits	are	generally	not	restricted	as	to	their	use	by	us.	Upon	delivery	of	the
vehicle,	the	related	customer	deposits	are	applied	against	the	customer​s	total	purchase	price	for	the	vehicle	and	recognized	in	automotive	sales	as	part
of	the	respective	vehicle	sale.
Historically,	we	have	referred	to	such	customer	deposits	as	reservation	payments	and	these	initial	reservation	payments	have	been	fully
refundable	until	such	time	that	the	customer	selected	the	vehicle	specifications	and	entered	into	a	purchase	agreement.	We	have	eliminated	the
reservation	process	for	Model	S	in	North	America	and	in	most	of	our	markets	in	Europe,	as	vehicle	production	became	more	reliable	and	customer	wait
times	decreased.	Customers	now	initiate	their	purchase	by	ordering	their	customized	Model	S	rather	than	placing	a	generic	reservation	in	queue.	As	a
result	of	this	transition	away	from	reservations,	we	have	renamed	the	​reservation	payments​	caption	on	our	consolidated	financial	statements	to
​customer	deposits.​	Customer	deposits	related	to	Model	X	still	represent	fully	refundable	reservations.	As	of	December	31,	2013,	we	held	customer
deposits	of	$163.2	million.
Summary	of	Cash	Flows
	
	
		
Year	Ended	December	31,
	
	
		
2013
	
	
2012
	
	
2011
	
Net	cash	provided	by	(used	in)	operating	activities
		
$
257,994
		
	
$
(266,081
)	
	
$
(128,034
)	
Net	cash	used	in	investing	activities
		
	
(249,417
)	
	
	
(206,930
)	
	
	
(162,258
)	
Net	cash	provided	by	financing	activities
		
	
635,422
		
	
	
419,635
		
	
	
446,000
		
Cash	Flows	from	Operating	Activities
Our	cash	flows	from	operating	activities	are	significantly	affected	by	our	cash	investments	to	support	the	growth	of	our	business	in	areas	such	as
manufacturing,	research	and	development	and	selling,	general	and	administrative.	Our	operating	cash	flows	are	also	affected	by	our	working	capital
needs	to	support	growth	and	fluctuations	in	inventory,	personnel	related	expenditures,	accounts	payable	and	other	current	assets	and	liabilities.
Net	cash	provided	by	operating	activities	was	$258.0	million	during	the	year	ended	December	31,	2013	net	of	adjustments	for	non-cash	items
such	as	depreciation	and	amortization	of	$106.1	million,	$80.7	million	related	to	stock-based	compensation	expense,	inventory	write-downs	of	$8.9
million,	$5.6	million	related	to	the	amortization	of	all	remaining	DOE	loan	origination	costs	as	a	result	of	the	repayment	of	our	outstanding	loans	under
the	DOE	Loan	Facility	and	$9.1	million	related	to	the	amortization	of	debt	discount	on	our	Notes,	partially	offset	by	other	income	associated	with	the
reduction	in	fair	value	of	the	DOE	common	stock	warrant	liability	of	$10.7	million.	Significant	operating	cash	inflows	were	comprised	primarily	of
automotive	sales	of	$2.00	billion,	a	$537.4	million	net	increase	in	deferred	revenue,	resale	value	guarantee	and	other	long-term	liabilities	primarily
associated	with	Model	S	deliveries	with	the	resale	value	guarantee,	$15.7	million	of	development	services	revenue	and	a	$24.2	million	net	increase	in
customer	deposits,	partially	offset	by	a	$21.9	million	increase	in	accounts	receivable	due	to	regulatory	credit	sales	recognized	at	the	end	of	the	fourth
quarter	and	receivables	from	our	financing	partners.
	
84Table	of	Contents
Significant	operating	cash	outflows	for	the	year	ended	December	31,	2013	were	primarily	related	to	$1.56	billion	of	cost	of	revenues,	a	$463.3
million	increase	in	inventory	and	operating	lease	vehicles,	$517.5	million	of	operating	expenses,	and	a	$17.5	million	increase	in	prepaid	expenses	and
other	current	assets,	partially	offset	by	a	$66.3	million	increase	in	accounts	payable	and	accrued	liabilities	primarily	due	to	the	timing	of	vendor
payments.
Net	cash	used	in	operating	activities	was	$266.1	million	during	the	year	ended	December	31,	2012.	The	largest	component	of	our	cash	used
during	this	period	related	to	our	net	loss	of	$396.2	million,	which	included	non-cash	charges	of	$50.1	million	related	to	stock-based	compensation
expense,	$28.8	million	related	to	depreciation	and	amortization	and	$4.9	million	related	to	inventory	write-downs	and	adverse	purchase	commitments.
Significant	operating	cash	outflows	were	primarily	related	to	$424.4	million	of	operating	expenses,	a	$194.7	million	increase	in	inventory	and	operating
lease	vehicles	and	$383.2	million	of	cost	of	revenues,	partially	offset	by	a	$197.4	million	increase	in	accounts	payable	and	accrued	liabilities,	and	a	$1.1
million	decrease	in	prepaid	expenses	and	other	current	assets.
Inventory	increased	to	meet	our	planned	production	requirements	for	Model	S	and	powertrain	component	and	system	sales	while	the	net	increase
in	accounts	payable	and	accrued	liabilities	was	due	to	both	the	growth	of	our	business	and	the	timing	of	vendor	payments.
Significant	operating	cash	inflows	for	the	year	ended	December	31,	2012	were	comprised	primarily	of	automotive	sales	of	$385.7	million,	a	$47.1
million	net	increase	in	customer	deposits	and	$27.6	million	of	development	services	revenue.
Net	cash	used	in	operating	activities	was	$128.0	million	for	the	year	ended	December	31,	2011.	The	largest	component	of	our	cash	used	during
this	period	related	to	our	net	loss	of	$254.4	million,	which	included	non-cash	charges	of	$29.4	million	related	to	stock-based	compensation	expense,
$16.9	million	related	to	depreciation	and	amortization	and	$2.8	million	related	to	the	fair	value	change	in	our	warrant	liability.	Significant	operating
cash	outflows	were	primarily	related	to	$313.1	million	of	operating	expenses,	$142.6	million	of	cost	of	revenues	and	a	$13.6	million	increase	in
inventory	and	operating	lease	vehicles,	partially	offset	by	a	$30.5	million	increase	in	accounts	payable	and	accrued	liabilities,	and	a	$2.6	million
increase	in	other	long-term	liabilities.	Inventory	increased	to	meet	our	production	requirements	for	the	Tesla	Roadster	as	we	planned	for	the	final
production	of	the	Tesla	Roadster	and	powertrain	component	sales	as	well	as	leasing	activities.	The	increase	in	accounts	payable	and	accrued	liabilities
was	due	to	both	the	growth	of	our	business	and	the	timing	of	vendor	payments.
Significant	operating	cash	inflows	during	the	year	ended	December	31,	2011	were	comprised	primarily	of	automotive	sales	of	$148.6	million,
$55.7	million	of	development	services	revenue	and	a	$61.0	million	net	increase	in	customer	deposits,	partially	offset	by	a	$2.8	million	increase	in
accounts	receivable	and	a	$1.9	million	decrease	in	deferred	revenue.	The	increase	in	accounts	receivable	was	related	primarily	to	receivables	from
Toyota	for	shipments	of	powertrain	components	under	the	Toyota	RAV4	EV	Phase	1	contract	services	agreement	and	shipments	of	battery	packs	and
chargers	to	Daimler	under	the	Daimler	Smart	fortwo	and	A-Class	EV	programs.
Cash	Flows	from	Investing	Activities
Cash	flows	from	investing	activities	primarily	relate	to	capital	expenditures	to	support	our	growth	in	operations,	including	investments	in	Model	S
manufacturing	and	our	stores,	service	and	Supercharger	network	infrastructure,	as	well	as	restricted	cash	that	we	were	required	to	maintain	in	relation
to	our	DOE	Loan	Facility,	facility	lease	agreements,	equipment	financing,	and	certain	vendor	credit	policies.
Net	cash	used	in	investing	activities	was	$249.4	million	during	the	year	ended	December	31,	2013	primarily	related	to	$264.2	million	in
purchases	of	capital	equipment	and	tooling	to	support	our	manufacturing	facility	and	expand	our	store,	service	and	a	Supercharger	network,	including
$18.5	million	related	to	the	purchase	of
	
85Table	of	Contents
additional	land	at	our	Fremont	factory	and	a	$14.8	million	net	transfer	out	of	our	dedicated	DOE	account	as	a	result	of	the	termination	of	our	DOE	Loan
Facility.
Net	cash	used	in	investing	activities	was	$206.9	million	during	the	year	ended	December	31,	2012	primarily	related	to	$239.2	million	in
purchases	of	capital	equipment	and	tooling,	partially	offset	by	a	$25.0	million	in	maturities	of	short-term	marketable	securities	and	an	$8.6	million	net
transfer	of	cash	out	of	our	dedicated	DOE	account	in	accordance	with	the	provisions	of	the	DOE	Loan	Facility.
Net	cash	used	in	investing	activities	was	$162.3	million	during	the	year	ended	December	31,	2011	primarily	related	to	$184.2	million	in
purchases	of	capital	equipment	and	$65.0	million	in	purchases	of	short-term	marketable	securities,	partially	offset	by	$50.1	million	of	net	transfers	out
of	our	dedicated	DOE	account	in	accordance	with	the	provisions	of	the	DOE	Loan	Facility	and	$40.0	million	from	the	maturity	of	short-term	marketable
securities.	The	increase	in	capital	purchases	was	primarily	due	to	significant	development	and	construction	activities	at	the	Tesla	Factory	as	well	as
purchases	of	Model	S	related	manufacturing	equipment	and	tooling.
Cash	Flows	from	Financing	Activities
Net	cash	provided	by	financing	activities	was	$635.4	million	during	the	year	ended	December	31,	2013	and	was	comprised	primarily	of	$660.0
million	from	our	Notes	offering	in	May	2013,	$415.0	million	received	from	our	public	offering	of	common	stock	and	concurrent	private	placement
completed	in	May	2013,	$120.3	million	from	the	sale	of	warrants	as	part	of	our	bond	hedge	and	warrant	transactions	executed	in	May	2013,	and
$95.3	million	received	from	the	exercise	of	common	stock	options	by	employees	and	the	purchase	of	common	stock	under	our	employee	stock	purchase
plan;	partially	offset	by	$452.3	million	related	to	our	repayment	of	all	outstanding	loan	principal	under	the	DOE	Loan	Facility,	$177.5	million	related	to
the	purchase	of	convertible	note	hedges	as	part	of	our	bond	hedge	and	warrant	transactions	executed	in	May	2013,	$16.9	million	of	Notes	and	common
stock	issuance	costs	and	$8.4	million	related	to	principal	payments	on	our	capital	leases.
Net	cash	provided	by	financing	activities	was	$419.6	million	during	the	year	ended	December	31,	2012	and	was	comprised	primarily	of	$221.5
million	received	from	our	follow-on	public	offering	completed	in	October	2012,	$188.8	million	received	from	our	draw-downs	under	the	DOE	Loan
Facility	and	$24.9	million	received	from	the	exercise	of	common	stock	options	by	employees	and	the	purchase	of	common	stock	under	our	employee
stock	purchase	plan,	partially	offset	by	$12.7	million	related	to	our	first	quarterly	repayment	of	principal	related	to	our	loans	under	the	DOE	Loan
Facility,	and	$2.8	million	related	to	principal	repayments	on	capital	leases.
Net	cash	provided	by	financing	activities	was	$446.0	million	during	the	year	ended	December	31,	2011	and	was	comprised	primarily	of	$231.5
million	received	from	our	follow-on	public	offering	and	concurrent	private	placements	completed	in	June	2011,	$204.4	million	received	from	our	draw-
downs	under	the	DOE	Loan	Facility	and	$10.5	million	received	from	the	exercise	of	common	stock	options	by	employees	and	the	purchase	of	common
stock	under	our	employee	stock	purchase	plan.
Contractual	Obligations
The	following	table	sets	forth,	as	of	December	31,	2013	certain	significant	cash	obligations	that	will	affect	our	future	liquidity	(in	thousands):
	
	
		
Year	Ended	December	31,
	
	
		
Total
	
		
2014
	
		
2015
	
		
2016
	
		
2017
	
		
2018	and
thereafter
	
Operating	lease	obligations
		
$
161,488
		
		
$
27,004
		
		
$
27,372
		
		
$
26,621
		
		
$
24,706
		
		
$
55,785
		
Capital	lease	obligations
		
	
21,790
		
		
	
8,927
		
		
	
7,752
		
		
	
4,512
		
		
	
595
		
		
	
4
		
Convertible	debt
		
	
704,536
		
		
	
10,102
		
		
	
9,897
		
		
	
9,897
		
		
	
9,897
		
		
	
664,743
		
		
	
	
		
	
		
	
	
		
	
Total
		
$
887,814
		
		
$
46,033
		
		
$
45,021
		
		
$
41,030
		
		
$
35,198
		
		
$
720,532
		
		
	
	
		
	
		
	
	
		
	
	
86Table	of	Contents
In	October	2010,	we	completed	the	purchase	of	our	Tesla	Factory	located	in	Fremont,	California	from	New	United	Motor	Manufacturing,	Inc.
(NUMMI).	NUMMI	has	previously	identified	environmental	conditions	at	the	Fremont	site	which	could	affect	soil	and	groundwater,	and	is	currently
undertaking	efforts	to	address	these	conditions.	Although	we	have	been	advised	by	NUMMI	that	it	has	documented	and	managed	the	environmental
issues,	we	cannot	determine	with	certainty	the	potential	costs	to	remediate	any	pre-existing	contamination.	Based	on	management​s	best	estimate,	we
estimated	the	fair	value	of	the	environmental	liabilities	that	we	assumed	to	be	$5.3	million.	As	NUMMI	continues	with	its	decommissioning	activities
and	as	we	continue	with	our	construction	and	operating	activities,	it	is	reasonably	possible	that	our	estimate	of	environmental	liabilities	may	change
materially.
We	reached	an	agreement	with	NUMMI	under	which,	over	a	ten	year	period,	we	will	pay	the	first	$15.0	million	of	any	costs	of	any
governmentally-required	remediation	activities	for	contamination	that	existed	prior	to	the	completion	of	the	facility	and	land	purchase	for	any	known	or
unknown	environmental	conditions,	and	NUMMI	has	agreed	to	pay	the	next	$15.0	million	for	such	remediation	activities.	Our	agreement	provides,	in
part,	that	NUMMI	will	pay	up	to	the	first	$15.0	million	on	our	behalf	if	such	expenses	are	incurred	in	the	first	four	years	of	our	agreement,	subject	to
our	reimbursement	of	such	costs	on	the	fourth	anniversary	date	of	the	closing.	Through	December	31	2013,	remediation	costs	of	$2.1	million	had	been
incurred	by	NUMMI;	therefore,	we	classified	$2.1	million	of	$5.5	million	environmental	liabilities	to	accrued	liabilities	on	our	consolidated	balance
sheet	as	of	December	31,	2013.	As	of	December	31,	2013	and	2012,	we	accrued	a	total	of	$5.5	million	and	$5.3	million	related	to	these	environmental
liabilities,	respectively.
On	the	ten-year	anniversary	of	the	closing	or	whenever	$30.0	million	has	been	spent	on	the	remediation	activities,	whichever	comes	first,
NUMMI​s	liability	to	us	with	respect	to	remediation	activities	ceases,	and	we	are	responsible	for	any	and	all	environmental	conditions	at	the	Fremont
site.	At	that	point	in	time,	we	have	agreed	to	indemnify,	defend,	and	hold	harmless	NUMMI	from	all	liability	and	we	have	released	NUMMI	for	any
known	or	unknown	claims	except	for	NUMMI​s	obligations	for	representations	and	warranties	under	the	agreement.
Off-Balance	Sheet	Arrangements
During	the	periods	presented,	we	did	not	have	relationships	with	unconsolidated	entities	or	financial	partnerships,	such	as	entities	often	referred
to	as	structured	finance	or	special	purpose	entities,	which	would	have	been	established	for	the	purpose	of	facilitating	off-balance	sheet	arrangements	or
other	contractually	narrow	or	limited	purposes.
	
ITEM	7A.
QUANTITATIVE	AND	QUALITATIVE	DISCLOSURES	ABOUT	MARKET	RISK
Foreign	Currency	Risk
Our	revenues	and	costs	denominated	in	foreign	currencies	are	not	completely	matched.	We	commenced	deliveries	of	Model	S	in	June	2012	to
customers	in	North	America	and	to	European	customers	in	August	2013.	Through	December	31,	2013,	a	majority	of	our	revenues	have	been
denominated	in	U.S.	dollars,	with	a	growing	exposure	to	euro	and	Norwegian	krona;	however,	a	portion	of	our	costs	and	expenses	during	the	year
ended	December	31,	2013	was	denominated	in	foreign	currencies,	including	the	Japanese	yen,	euro	and	British	pound.	Accordingly,	if	the	value	of	the
U.S.	dollar	depreciates	significantly	against	currencies	where	we	have	a	net	short	exposure,	our	costs	as	measured	in	U.S.	dollars	as	a	percent	of	our
revenues	will	correspondingly	increase	which	may	adversely	impact	our	operating	results.	We	plan	to	start	Asian	deliveries	in	2014.	As	we	continue	to
launch	Model	S	overseas,	we	may	have	greater	revenues	than	costs	denominated	in	other	currencies,	in	which	case	a	strengthening	of	the	dollar	against
such	currencies	would	tend	to	reduce	our	revenues	as	measured	in	U.S.	dollars.
As	a	result	of	a	favorable	foreign	currency	exchange	impact	from	foreign	currency-denominated	liabilities,	especially	related	to	the	Japanese	yen,
we	recorded	gains	of	$11.9	million	on	foreign	exchange	transactions	in	other	income	(expense),	net,	for	the	year	ended	December	31,	2013.
	
87Table	of	Contents
Interest	Rate	Risk
We	had	cash	and	cash	equivalents	totaling	$845.9	million	as	of	December	31,	2013.	A	significant	portion	of	our	cash	and	cash	equivalents	were
invested	in	money	market	funds.	Cash	and	cash	equivalents	are	held	for	working	capital	purposes.	We	do	not	enter	into	investments	for	trading	or
speculative	purposes.	We	believe	that	we	do	not	have	any	material	exposure	to	changes	in	the	fair	value	as	a	result	of	changes	in	interest	rates	due	to
the	short	term	nature	of	our	cash	equivalents.
As	of	December	31,	2013,	we	had	$660.0	million	aggregate	principal	amount	of	convertible	senior	notes	outstanding	and	capital	lease	obligations
of	$20.6	million,	all	of	which	are	fixed	rate	instruments.	Therefore,	our	results	of	operations	are	not	subject	to	fluctuations	in	interest	rates.
	
88Table	of	Contents
ITEM	8.
FINANCIAL	STATEMENTS	AND	SUPPLEMENTARY	DATA
Index	to	Consolidated	Financial	Statements
	
	
		
Page
	
Report	of	Independent	Registered	Public	Accounting	Firm
		
	
90
		
Consolidated	Balance	Sheets
		
	
91
		
Consolidated	Statements	of	Operations
		
	
92
		
Consolidated	Statements	of	Comprehensive	Loss
		
	
93
		
Consolidated	Statements	of	Stockholders​	Equity
		
	
94
		
Consolidated	Statements	of	Cash	Flows
		
	
95
		
Notes	to	Consolidated	Financial	Statements
		
	
96
		
	
89Table	of	Contents
Report	of	Independent	Registered	Public	Accounting	Firm
To	the	Board	of	Directors	and	Stockholders	of	Tesla	Motors,	Inc.
In	our	opinion,	the	accompanying	consolidated	balance	sheets	and	the	related	consolidated	statements	of	operations,	of	comprehensive	loss,	of
stockholders​	equity	(deficit)	and	of	cash	flows	present	fairly,	in	all	material	respects,	the	financial	position	of	Tesla	Motors,	Inc.	and	its	subsidiaries	at
December	31,	2013	and	2012,	and	the	results	of	their	operations	and	their	cash	flows	for	each	of	the	three	years	in	the	period	ended	December	31,
2013	in	conformity	with	accounting	principles	generally	accepted	in	the	United	States	of	America.	Also	in	our	opinion,	the	Company	maintained,	in	all
material	respects,	effective	internal	control	over	financial	reporting	as	of	December	31,	2013,	based	on	criteria	established	in	
Internal
Control​Integrated	Framework	(1992)
	issued	by	the	Committee	of	Sponsoring	Organizations	of	the	Treadway	Commission	(COSO).	The	Company​s
management	is	responsible	for	these	financial	statements,	for	maintaining	effective	internal	control	over	financial	reporting	and	for	its	assessment	of
the	effectiveness	of	internal	control	over	financial	reporting,	included	in	Management​s	Report	on	Internal	Control	over	Financial	Reporting	appearing
under	Item	9A.	Our	responsibility	is	to	express	opinions	on	these	financial	statements	and	on	the	Company​s	internal	control	over	financial	reporting
based	on	our	integrated	audits.	We	conducted	our	audits	in	accordance	with	the	standards	of	the	Public	Company	Accounting	Oversight	Board	(United
States).	Those	standards	require	that	we	plan	and	perform	the	audits	to	obtain	reasonable	assurance	about	whether	the	financial	statements	are	free	of
material	misstatement	and	whether	effective	internal	control	over	financial	reporting	was	maintained	in	all	material	respects.	Our	audits	of	the	financial
statements	included	examining,	on	a	test	basis,	evidence	supporting	the	amounts	and	disclosures	in	the	financial	statements,	assessing	the	accounting
principles	used	and	significant	estimates	made	by	management,	and	evaluating	the	overall	financial	statement	presentation.	Our	audit	of	internal
control	over	financial	reporting	included	obtaining	an	understanding	of	internal	control	over	financial	reporting,	assessing	the	risk	that	a	material
weakness	exists,	and	testing	and	evaluating	the	design	and	operating	effectiveness	of	internal	control	based	on	the	assessed	risk.	Our	audits	also
included	performing	such	other	procedures	as	we	considered	necessary	in	the	circumstances.	We	believe	that	our	audits	provide	a	reasonable	basis	for
our	opinions.
A	company​s	internal	control	over	financial	reporting	is	a	process	designed	to	provide	reasonable	assurance	regarding	the	reliability	of	financial
reporting	and	the	preparation	of	financial	statements	for	external	purposes	in	accordance	with	generally	accepted	accounting	principles.	A	company​s
internal	control	over	financial	reporting	includes	those	policies	and	procedures	that	(i)	pertain	to	the	maintenance	of	records	that,	in	reasonable	detail,
accurately	and	fairly	reflect	the	transactions	and	dispositions	of	the	assets	of	the	company;	(ii)	provide	reasonable	assurance	that	transactions	are
recorded	as	necessary	to	permit	preparation	of	financial	statements	in	accordance	with	generally	accepted	accounting	principles,	and	that	receipts	and
expenditures	of	the	company	are	being	made	only	in	accordance	with	authorizations	of	management	and	directors	of	the	company;	and	(iii)	provide
reasonable	assurance	regarding	prevention	or	timely	detection	of	unauthorized	acquisition,	use,	or	disposition	of	the	company​s	assets	that	could	have	a
material	effect	on	the	financial	statements.
Because	of	its	inherent	limitations,	internal	control	over	financial	reporting	may	not	prevent	or	detect	misstatements.	Also,	projections	of	any
evaluation	of	effectiveness	to	future	periods	are	subject	to	the	risk	that	controls	may	become	inadequate	because	of	changes	in	conditions,	or	that	the
degree	of	compliance	with	the	policies	or	procedures	may	deteriorate.
/s/	PricewaterhouseCoopers	LLP
San	Jose,	California
February	26,	2014
	
90Table	of	Contents
Tesla	Motors,	Inc.
Consolidated	Balance	Sheets
(in	thousands,	except	share	and	per	share	data)
	
	
	
December	31,
2013
	
	
December	31,
2012
	
Assets
	
	
Current	assets
	
	
Cash	and	cash	equivalents
	
$
845,889
		
	
$
201,890
		
Restricted	cash
	
	
3,012
		
	
	
19,094
		
Accounts	receivable
	
	
49,109
		
	
	
26,842
		
Inventory
	
	
340,355
		
	
	
268,504
		
Prepaid	expenses	and	other	current	assets
	
	
27,574
		
	
	
8,438
		
	
	
	
Total	current	assets
	
	
1,265,939
		
	
	
524,768
		
	
	
	
Operating	lease	vehicles,	net
	
	
382,425
		
	
	
10,071
		
Property,	plant	and	equipment,	net
	
	
738,494
		
	
	
552,229
		
Restricted	cash
	
	
6,435
		
	
	
5,159
		
Other	assets
	
	
23,637
		
	
	
21,963
		
	
	
	
Total	assets
	
$
2,416,930
		
	
$
1,114,190
		
	
	
	
Liabilities	and	Stockholders​	Equity
	
	
Current	liabilities
	
	
Accounts	payable
	
$
303,969
		
	
$
303,382
		
Accrued	liabilities
	
	
108,252
		
	
	
39,798
		
Deferred	revenue
	
	
91,882
		
	
	
1,905
		
Capital	lease	obligations,	current	portion
	
	
7,722
		
	
	
4,365
		
Customer	deposits
	
	
163,153
		
	
	
138,817
		
Convertible	debt,	current	portion
	
	
182
		
	
	
​		
		
Long-term	debt,	current	portion
	
	
​		
		
	
	
50,841
		
	
	
	Total	current	liabilities
	
	
675,160
		
	
	
539,108
		
Common	stock	warrant	liability
	
	
​		
		
	
	
10,692
		
Capital	lease	obligations,	less	current	portion
	
	
12,855
		
	
	
9,965
		
Deferred	revenue,	less	current	portion
	
	
181,180
		
	
	
3,060
		
Convertible	debt,	less	current	portion
	
	
586,119
		
	
	
​		
		
Resale	value	guarantee
	
	
236,299
		
	
	
​		
		
Long-term	debt,	less	current	portion
	
	
​		
		
	
	
401,495
		
Other	long-term	liabilities
	
	
58,197
		
	
	
25,170
		
	
	
	
Total	liabilities
	
	
1,749,810
		
	
	
989,490
		
	
	
	
Commitments	and	contingencies	(Note	12)
	
	
Stockholders​	equity:
	
	
Preferred	stock;	$0.001	par	value;	100,000,000	shares	authorized;	no	shares	issued	and	outstanding
	
	
​		
		
	
	
​		
		
Common	stock;	$0.001	par	value;	2,000,000,000	shares	authorized	as	of	December	31,	2013	and	2012,
respectively;	123,090,990	and	114,214,274	shares	issued	and	outstanding	as	of	December	31,	2013	and
2012,	respectively
	
	
123
		
	
	
115
		
Additional	paid-in	capital
	
	
1,806,617
		
	
	
1,190,191
		
Accumulated	deficit
	
	
(1,139,620
)	
	
	
(1,065,606
)	
	
	
	
Total	stockholders​	equity
	
	
667,120
		
	
	
124,700
		
	
	
	
Total	liabilities	and	stockholders​	equity
	
$
2,416,930
		
	
$
1,114,190
		
	
	
	
The	accompanying	notes	are	an	integral	part	of	these	consolidated	financial	statements.
	
91Table	of	Contents
Tesla	Motors,	Inc.
Consolidated	Statements	of	Operations
(in	thousands,	except	share	and	per	share	data)
	
	
		
Year	Ended	December	31,
	
	
		
2013
	
	
2012
	
	
2011
	
Revenues
		
	
	
Automotive	sales
		
$
1,997,786
		
	
$
385,699
		
	
$
148,568
		
Development	services
		
	
15,710
		
	
	
27,557
		
	
	
55,674
		
	
Total	revenues
		
	
2,013,496
		
	
	
413,256
		
	
	
204,242
		
Cost	of	revenues
		
	
	
Automotive	sales
		
	
1,543,878
		
	
	
371,658
		
	
	
115,482
		
Development	services
		
	
13,356
		
	
	
11,531
		
	
	
27,165
		
	
Total	cost	of	revenues
		
	
1,557,234
		
	
	
383,189
		
	
	
142,647
		
Gross	profit
		
	
456,262
		
	
	
30,067
		
	
	
61,595
		
Operating	expenses
		
	
	
Research	and	development
		
	
231,976
		
	
	
273,978
		
	
	
208,981
		
Selling,	general	and	administrative
		
	
285,569
		
	
	
150,372
		
	
	
104,102
		
	
Total	operating	expenses
		
	
517,545
		
	
	
424,350
		
	
	
313,083
		
	
Loss	from	operations
		
	
(61,283
)	
	
	
(394,283
)	
	
	
(251,488
)	
Interest	income
		
	
189
		
	
	
288
		
	
	
255
		
Interest	expense
		
	
(32,934
)	
	
	
(254
)	
	
	
(43
)	
Other	income	(expense),	net
		
	
22,602
		
	
	
(1,828
)	
	
	
(2,646
)	
	
Loss	before	income	taxes
		
	
(71,426
)	
	
	
(396,077
)	
	
	
(253,922
)	
Provision	for	income	taxes
		
	
2,588
		
	
	
136
		
	
	
489
		
	
Net	loss
		
$
(74,014
)	
	
$
(396,213
)	
	
$
(254,411
)	
	
Net	loss	per	share	of	common	stock,	basic	and	diluted
		
$
(0.62
)	
	
$
(3.69
)	
	
$
(2.53
)	
	
Weighted	average	shares	used	in	computing	net	loss	per	share	of	common	stock,basic	and	diluted
		
	
119,421,414
		
	
	
107,349,188
		
	
	
100,388,815
		
	
The	accompanying	notes	are	an	integral	part	of	these	consolidated	financial	statements.
	
92Table	of	Contents
Tesla	Motors,	Inc.
Consolidated	Statements	of	Comprehensive	Loss
(in	thousands)
	
	
		
Year	Ended	December	31,
	
	
		
2013
	
		
2012
	
		
2011
	
Net	loss
		
$
74,014
		
		
$
396,213
		
		
$
254,411
		
		
	
	
		
Other	comprehensive	income	(loss),	net	of	tax:
		
		
		
Unrealized	net	loss	on	short-term	marketable	securities
		
	
		
		
		
	
(3
)	
Reclassification	adjustment	for	gain	included	in	net	loss
		
	
		
		
	
3
		
		
	
		
		
	
	
		
Other	comprehensive	income	(loss)
		
	
		
		
	
3
		
		
	
(3
)	
		
	
	
		
Comprehensive	loss
		
$
74,014
		
		
$
396,210
		
		
$
254,414
		
		
	
	
		
The	accompanying	notes	are	an	integral	part	of	these	consolidated	financial	statements.
	
93Table	of	Contents
Tesla	Motors,	Inc.
Consolidated	Statements	of	Stockholders​	Equity
(in	thousands,	except	share	and	per	share	data)
	
	
	
Common	Stock
	
	
Additional
Paid-In
Capital
	
	
Accumulated
Deficit
	
	
Accumulated
Other
Comprehensive
Loss
	
	
Total
Stockholders​
Equity
	
	
	
Shares
	
	
Amount
	
	
	
	
	
Balance	as	of	December	31,	2010
	
	
94,908,370
		
	
$
95
		
	
$
621,935
		
	
$
(414,982
)	
	
$
​		
		
	
$
207,048
		
Issuance	of	common	stock	in	June	2011	public	offering	at	$28.76	per	share,	net	of
issuance	costs	of	$305
	
	
6,095,000
		
	
	
6
		
	
	
172,403
		
	
	
​		
		
	
	
​		
		
	
	
172,409
		
Issuance	of	common	stock	in	June	2011	concurrent	private	placements	at	$28.76	per
share
	
	
2,053,475
		
	
	
2
		
	
	
59,056
		
	
	
​		
		
	
	
​		
		
	
	
59,058
		
Issuance	of	common	stock	upon	exercise	of	stock	options,	net	of	repurchases
	
	
1,250,002
		
	
	
1
		
	
	
6,642
		
	
	
​		
		
	
	
​		
		
	
	
6,643
		
Issuance	of	common	stock	under	employee	stock	purchase	plan
	
	
223,458
		
	
	
​		
		
	
	
3,882
		
	
	
​		
		
	
	
​		
		
	
	
3,882
		
Stock-based	compensation
	
	
​		
		
	
	
​		
		
	
	
29,419
		
	
	
​		
		
	
	
​		
		
	
	
29,419
		
Comprehensive	loss:
	
	
	
	
	
	
Net	loss
	
	
​		
		
	
	
​		
		
	
	
​		
		
	
	
(254,411
)	
	
	
​		
		
	
	
(254,411
)	
Unrealized	loss	on	short-term	marketable	securities,	net
	
	
​		
		
	
	
​		
		
	
	
​		
		
	
	
​		
		
	
	
(3
)	
	
	
(3
)	
	
Total	comprehensive	loss
	
	
​		
		
	
	
​		
		
	
	
​		
		
	
	
​		
		
	
	
​		
		
	
	
(254,414
)	
	
	
	
	
	
Balance	as	of	December	31,	2011
	
	
104,530,305
		
	
	
104
		
	
	
893,337
		
	
	
(669,393
)	
	
	
(3)
		
	
	
224,045
		
Issuance	of	common	stock	in	October	2012	public	offering	at	$28.25	per	share,	net	of
issuance	costs	of	$584
	
	
7,964,601
		
	
	
8
		
	
	
221,483
		
	
	
​		
		
	
	
​		
		
	
	
221,491
		
Issuance	of	common	stock	upon	exercise	of	stock	options,	net	of	repurchases
	
	
1,345,842
		
	
	
2
		
	
	
16,498
		
	
	
​		
		
	
	
​		
		
	
	
16,500
		
Issuance	of	common	stock	under	employee	stock	purchase	plan
	
	
373,526
		
	
	
1
		
	
	
8,388
		
	
	
​		
		
	
	
​		
		
	
	
8,389
		
Stock-based	compensation
	
	
​		
		
	
	
​		
		
	
	
50,485
		
	
	
​		
		
	
	
​		
		
	
	
50,485
		
Comprehensive	loss:
	
	
	
	
	
	
Net	loss
	
	
​		
		
	
	
​		
		
	
	
​		
		
	
	
(396,213
)	
	
	
​		
		
	
	
(396,213
)	
Unrealized	loss	on	short-term	marketable	securities,	net
	
	
​		
		
	
	
​		
		
	
	
​		
		
	
	
​		
		
	
	
3
		
	
	
3
		
	
Total	comprehensive	loss
	
	
​		
		
	
	
​		
		
	
	
​		
		
	
	
​		
		
	
	
​		
		
	
	
(396,210
)	
	
	
	
	
	
Balance	as	of	December	31,	2012
	
	
114,214,274
		
	
	
115
		
	
	
1,190,191
		
	
	
(1,065,606
)	
	
	
​		
		
	
	
124,700
		Issuance	of	common	stock	in	May	2013	public	offering	at	$92.20	per	share,	net	of
issuance	costs	of	$6,367
	
	
3,902,862
		
	
	
3
		
	
	
353,629
		
	
	
​		
		
	
	
​		
		
	
	
353,632
		
Issuance	of	common	stock	in	May	2013	concurrent	private	placements	at	$92.20	per
share
	
	
596,272
		
	
	
1
		
	
	
55,000
		
	
	
​		
		
	
	
​		
		
	
	
55,001
		
Conversion	feature	of	convertible	senior	notes	due	2018
	
	
​		
		
	
	
​		
		
	
	
82,842
		
	
	
​		
		
	
	
​		
		
	
	
82,842
		
Purchase	of	bond	hedges
	
	
​		
		
	
	
​		
		
	
	
(177,540
)	
	
	
​		
		
	
	
​		
		
	
	
(177,540
)	
Sales	of	warrant
	
	
​		
		
	
	
​		
		
	
	
120,318
		
	
	
​		
		
	
	
​		
		
	
	
120,318
		
Issuance	of	common	stock	upon	exercise	of	stock	options
	
	
3,852,673
		
	
	
3
		
	
	
82,570
		
	
	
​		
		
	
	
​		
		
	
	
82,573
		
Issuance	of	common	stock	upon	release	of	restricted	stock	units,	net	of	shares	withheld
for	employee	taxes
	
	
6,166
		
	
	
​		
		
	
	
(1,116
)	
	
	
​		
		
	
	
​		
		
	
	
(1,116
)	
Issuance	of	common	stock	under	employee	stock	purchase	plan
	
	
518,743
		
	
	
1
		
	
	
13,848
		
	
	
​		
		
	
	
​		
		
	
	
13,849
		
Stock-based	compensation
	
	
​		
		
	
	
​		
		
	
	
86,875
		
	
	
​		
		
	
	
​		
		
	
	
86,875
		
Net	loss
	
	
​		
		
	
	
​		
		
	
	
​		
		
	
	
(74,014
)	
	
	
​		
		
	
	
(74,014
)	
	
	
	
	
	
Balance	as	of	December	31,	2013
	
	
123,090,990
		
	
$
123
		
	
$
1,806,617
		
	
$
(1,139,620
)	
	
$
​		
		
	
$
667,120
		
	
	
	
	
	
The	accompanying	notes	are	an	integral	part	of	these	consolidated	financial	statements.
	
94Table	of	Contents
Tesla	Motors,	Inc.
Consolidated	Statements	of	Cash	Flows
(in	thousands)
	
	
		
Year	Ended	December	31,
	
	
		
2013
	
	
2012
	
	
2011
	
Cash	Flows	From	Operating	Activities
		
	
	
Net	loss
		
$
(74,014
)	
	
$
(396,213
)	
	
$
(254,411
)	
Adjustments	to	reconcile	net	loss	to	net	cash	provided	by	(used	in)	operating	activities:
		
	
	
Depreciation	and	amortization
		
	
106,083
		
	
	
28,825
		
	
	
16,919
		
Stock-based	compensation
		
	
80,737
		
	
	
50,145
		
	
	
29,419
		
Amortization	of	discount	on	convertible	debt
		
	
9,143
		
	
	
​		
		
	
	
​		
		
Inventory	write-downs
		
	
8,918
		
	
	
4,929
		
	
	
1,828
		
Write-off	of	Department	of	Energy	(DOE)	loan	origination	costs
		
	
5,558
		
	
	
​		
		
	
	
​		
		
Change	in	fair	value	of	DOE	warrant	liability
		
	
(10,692
)	
	
	
1,854
		
	
	
2,750
		
Other	non-cash	operating	activities
		
	
3,611
		
	
	
1,560
		
	
	
233
		
Foreign	currency	transaction	gain
		
	
3,655
		
	
	
​		
		
	
	
​		
		
Changes	in	operating	assets	and	liabilities
		
	
	
Accounts	receivable
		
	
(21,917
)	
	
	
(17,303
)	
	
	
(2,829
)	
Inventories	and	operating	lease	vehicles
		
	
(463,270
)	
	
	
(194,726
)	
	
	
(13,638
)	
Prepaid	expenses	and	other	current	assets
		
	
(17,466
)	
	
	
1,121
		
	
	
(248
)	
Other	assets
		
	
(342
)	
	
	
(482
)	
	
	
(288
)	
Accounts	payable
		
	
(243
)	
	
	
187,821
		
	
	
19,891
		
Accrued	liabilities
		
	
66,567
		
	
	
9,603
		
	
	
10,620
		
Deferred	revenue
		
	
268,153
		
	
	
(526
)	
	
	
(1,927
)	
Customer	deposits
		
	
24,243
		
	
	
47,056
		
	
	
61,006
		
Resale	value	guarantee
		
	
236,299
		
	
	
​		
		
	
	
​		
		
Other	long-term	liabilities
		
	
32,971
		
	
	
10,255
		
	
	
2,641
		
		
	
	
	Net	cash	provided	by	(used	in)	operating	activities
		
	
257,994
		
	
	
(266,081
)	
	
	
(128,034
)	
		
	
	
	
Cash	Flows	From	Investing	Activities
		
	
	
Purchases	of	property	and	equipment	excluding	capital	leases
		
	
(264,224
)	
	
	
(239,228
)	
	
	
(184,226
)	
Withdrawals	out	of	our	dedicated	Department	of	Energy	account,	net
		
	
14,752
		
	
	
8,620
		
	
	
50,121
		
(Increase)	decrease	in	other	restricted	cash
		
	
55
		
	
	
(1,330
)	
	
	
(3,201
)	
Purchases	of	marketable	securities
		
	
​		
		
	
	
(14,992
)	
	
	
(64,952
)	
Maturities	of	short-term	marketable	securities
		
	
​		
		
	
	
40,000
		
	
	
40,000
		
		
	
	
	
Net	cash	used	in	investing	activities
		
	
(249,417
)	
	
	
(206,930
)	
	
	
(162,258
)	
		
	
	
	
Cash	Flows	From	Financing	Activities
		
	
	
Proceeds	from	convertible	debt
		
	
660,000
		
	
	
​		
		
	
	
​		
		
Proceeds	from	issuance	of	common	stock	in	public	offering
		
	
360,000
		
	
	
221,496
		
	
	
172,410
		
Proceeds	from	issuance	of	warrants
		
	
120,318
		
	
	
​		
		
	
	
​		
		
Proceeds	from	exercise	of	stock	options	and	other	stock	issuances
		
	
95,307
		
	
	
24,885
		
	
	
10,525
		
Proceeds	from	issuance	of	common	stock	in	private	placement
		
	
55,000
		
	
	
​		
		
	
	
59,058
		
Principal	payments	on	DOE	loans
		
	
(452,337
)	
	
	
(12,710
)	
	
	
​		
		
Purchase	of	convertible	note	hedges
		
	
(177,540
)	
	
	
​		
		
	
	
​		
		
Common	stock	and	convertible	debt	issuance	costs
		
	
(16,901
)	
	
	
​		
		
	
	
​		
		
Principal	payments	on	capital	leases	and	other	debt
		
	
(8,425
)	
	
	
(2,832
)	
	
	
(416
)	
Proceeds	from	DOE	loans
		
	
​		
		
	
	
188,796
		
	
	
204,423
		
		
	
	
	
Net	cash	provided	by	financing	activities
		
	
635,422
		
	
	
419,635
		
	
	
446,000
		
		
	
	
	
Net	increase	(decrease)	in	cash	and	cash	equivalents
		
	
643,999
		
	
	
(53,376
)	
	
	
155,708
		
Cash	and	cash	equivalents	at	beginning	of	period
		
	
201,890
		
	
	
255,266
		
	
	
99,558
		
		
	
	
	
Cash	and	cash	equivalents	at	end	of	period
		
$
845,889
		
	
$
201,890
		
	
$
255,266
		
		
	
	
	
Supplemental	Disclosures
		
	
	
Interest	paid
		
$
9,041
		
	
$
6,938
		
	
$
3,472
		
Income	taxes	paid		
	
257
		
	
	
117
		
	
	
282
		
Supplemental	noncash	investing	activities
		
	
	
Acquisition	of	property	and	equipment
		
	
38,789
		
	
	
44,890
		
	
	
15,592
		
The	accompanying	notes	are	an	integral	part	of	these	consolidated	financial	statements.
	
95Table	of	Contents
Tesla	Motors,	Inc.
Notes	to	Consolidated	Financial	Statements
1.	Overview	of	the	Company
Tesla	Motors,	Inc.	(Tesla,	we,	us	or	our)	was	incorporated	in	the	state	of	Delaware	on	July	1,	2003.	We	design,	develop,	manufacture	and	sell	high-
performance	fully	electric	vehicles	and	advanced	electric	vehicle	powertrain	components.	We	have	wholly-owned	subsidiaries	in	North	America,	Europe
and	Asia.	The	primary	purpose	of	these	subsidiaries	is	to	market,	manufacture,	sell	and/or	service	our	vehicles.
2.	Summary	of	Significant	Accounting	Policies
Basis	of	Consolidation
The	consolidated	financial	statements	include	the	accounts	of	Tesla	and	its	wholly	owned	subsidiaries.	All	significant	inter-company	transactions
and	balances	have	been	eliminated	in	consolidation.
Use	of	Estimates
The	preparation	of	financial	statements	in	conformity	with	accounting	principles	generally	accepted	in	the	United	States	of	America	requires
management	to	make	estimates	and	assumptions	that	affect	the	reported	amounts	of	assets	and	liabilities	and	disclosure	of	contingent	liabilities	at	the
date	of	the	financial	statements,	and	reported	amounts	of	expenses	during	the	reporting	period,	including	revenue	recognition,	residual	value	of
operating	lease	vehicles,	inventory	valuation,	warranties,	fair	value	of	financial	instruments	and	stock-based	compensation.	Actual	results	could	differ
from	those	estimates.
Revenue	Recognition
We	recognize	revenues	from	sales	of	Model	S	and	the	Tesla	Roadster,	including	vehicle	options	and	accessories,	vehicle	service	and	sales	of
regulatory	credits,	such	as	zero	emission	vehicle	(ZEV)	and	greenhouse	gas	emission	(GHG)	credits,	as	well	as	sales	of	electric	vehicle	powertrain
components	and	systems,	such	as	battery	packs	and	drive	units	and	sales	of	services	related	to	the	development	of	these	systems.	We	recognize	revenue
when:	(i)	persuasive	evidence	of	an	arrangement	exists;	(ii)	delivery	has	occurred	and	there	are	no	uncertainties	regarding	customer	acceptance;
(iii)	fees	are	fixed	or	determinable;	and	(iv)	collection	is	reasonably	assured.
For	multiple	deliverable	revenue	arrangements,	we	allocate	revenue	to	each	element	based	on	a	selling	price	hierarchy.	The	selling	price	for	a
deliverable	is	based	on	its	vendor	specific	objective	evidence	(VSOE)	if	available,	third	party	evidence	(TPE)	if	VSOE	is	not	available,	or	estimated
selling	price	if	neither	VSOE	nor	TPE	is	available.
	
96Table	of	Contents
Automotive	Sales
Automotive	sales	consisted	of	the	following	for	the	periods	presented	(in	thousands):
	
	
		
Year	Ended	December	31,
	
	
		
2013
	
		
2012
	
		
2011
	
Vehicle,	options	and	related	sales
		
$
1,952,684
		
		
$
354,344
		
		
$
101,708
		
Powertrain	component	and	related	sales
		
	
45,102
		
		
	
31,355
		
		
	
46,860
		
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
Total	automotive	sales
		
$
1,997,786
		
		
$
385,699
		
		
$
148,568
		
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
Automotive	sales	consist	primarily	of	revenue	earned	from	the	sales	of	the	Model	S,	Tesla	Roadster,	vehicle	service,	and	vehicle	options,
accessories	and	destination	charges	as	well	as	sales	of	regulatory	credits.	Automotive	sales	also	consist	of	revenue	earned	from	the	sales	of	electric
vehicle	powertrain	components	and	systems,	such	as	battery	packs	and	drive	units,	to	other	automotive	manufacturers.	Sales	or	other	amounts
collected	in	advance	of	meeting	all	of	the	revenue	recognition	criteria	are	not	recognized	in	the	consolidated	statements	of	operations	and	are	instead
recorded	as	deferred	revenue	on	the	consolidated	balance	sheets.
In	regards	to	the	sale	of	Model	S	and	the	Tesla	Roadster,	revenue	is	generally	recognized	when	all	risks	and	rewards	of	ownership	are	transferred
to	our	customers.	In	certain	circumstances,	we	may	deliver	a	vehicle	to	a	customer	without	all	of	the	options	ordered	by	the	customer	if	the	options	do
not	limit	the	functionality	of	the	vehicle.	In	such	cases,	we	will	continue	to	defer	the	related	revenue	based	on	the	undelivered	item​s	fair	value,	as
evidenced	by	the	contractual	price	of	the	option	in	stand-alone	transactions,	where	available,	or	using	the	selling	price	hierarchy	where	such	prices	do
not	exist.	Additionally,	if	a	customer	purchases	a	vehicle	option	that	requires	us	to	provide	services	in	the	future,	we	will	defer	the	related	revenue
based	on	the	undelivered	items​	fair	value	and	recognize	the	associated	revenue	over	our	expected	performance	period.
While	the	sale	of	vehicle	option	may	take	place	separately	from	a	vehicle	sale,	they	are	often	part	of	a	single	vehicle	sales	agreement	resulting	in
multiple	element	arrangements.	To	determine	the	appropriate	accounting	for	recognition	of	our	revenue,	we	consider	whether	the	deliverables
specified	in	the	multiple	element	arrangement	should	be	treated	as	separate	units	of	accounting,	and,	if	so,	how	the	price	should	be	allocated	among	the
elements,	when	to	recognize	revenue	for	each	element,	and	the	period	over	which	revenue	should	be	recognized.	We	also	evaluate	whether	a	delivered
item	has	value	on	a	stand-alone	basis	prior	to	delivery	of	the	remaining	items	by	determining	whether	we	have	made	separate	sales	of	such	items	or
whether	the	undelivered	items	are	essential	to	the	functionality	of	the	delivered	items.	Further,	we	assess	whether	we	know	the	fair	value	of	the
undelivered	items,	determined	by	reference	to	stand-alone	sales	of	such	items.	To	date,	we	have	generally	been	able	to	establish	the	fair	value	for	each
of	the	deliverables	within	these	multiple	element	arrangements	because	we	sell	each	of	the	vehicles,	vehicle	accessories	and	options	separately,	outside
of	any	multiple	element	arrangements.	As	each	of	these	items	has	stand-alone	value	to	the	customer,	revenue	from	sales	of	vehicle	accessories	and
options	are	recognized	when	those	specific	items	are	delivered	to	the	customer.	In	the	case	of	access	to	our	Supercharger	network	and	connectivity,	we
use	our	best	estimate	of	selling	price	and	TPE,	respectively,	to	allocate	fair	value	to	the	deliverables	to	be	recognized	over	our	expected	performance
period.	As	of	December	31,	2013,	we	had	deferred	$10.3	million	related	to	access	to	our	Supercharger	network	and	$0.7	million	related	to	connectivity.
Resale	Value	Guarantee
In	April	2013,	we	began	offering	a	resale	value	guarantee	to	all	customers	who	purchased	a	Model	S	in	the	United	States	and	financed	their
vehicle	through	one	of	our	specified	commercial	banking	partners,	and	in	October	2013,	we	introduced	this	program	in	Canada.	Under	the	program,
Model	S	customers	have	the	option	of	selling	their	vehicle	back	to	us	during	the	period	of	36	to	39	months	after	delivery	for	a	pre-determined	resale
value.	Although	we	receive	the	full	amount	of	cash	for	the	vehicle	sales	price	at	delivery,	we	account	for	transactions	under	the	resale	value	guarantee
program	as	operating	leases.	Accordingly,	we	defer	and	amortize	to
	
97Table	of	Contents
automotive	sales	revenue	the	initial	purchase	consideration	less	resale	value	guarantee	amount	on	a	straight-line	basis,	over	the	contractual	term	of	the
guarantee	program	(i.e.,	the	proxy	operating	lease	term).	Similarly,	we	capitalize	and	depreciate	the	cost	of	the	respective	operating	lease	vehicles	less
expected	salvage	value	to	cost	of	automotive	sales	over	the	same	period.	If	a	customer	decides	not	to	sell	their	vehicle	back	to	us	by	the	end	of	the
resale	value	guarantee	term,	or	the	resale	value	guarantee	is	forfeited,	any	unamortized	deferred	revenue	(including	the	amount	of	the	resale	value
guarantee)	and	operating	lease	vehicle	net	book	value	is	then	recognized	in	automotive	sales	and	cost	of	automotive	sales,	respectively.
The	resale	value	guarantee	amount	represents	management​s	best	estimate	as	to	the	resale	value	of	the	Model	S	vehicle	and	related	vehicle
options	during	the	36	to	39	month	period	after	delivery.	Since	we	are	depreciating	our	operating	lease	vehicles	to	the	resale	value	guarantee	amount,
which	approximates	the	expected	salvage	value	of	our	operating	lease	vehicles	at	the	end	of	their	economic	useful	life	(i.e.	the	end	of	their	expected
operating	lease	term),	we	will	adjust	our	depreciation	estimates	as	needed,	if	the	expected	salvage	value	is	projected	to	be	lower	in	future	periods.	As
we	accumulate	more	actual	data	related	to	the	resale	experience	of	Model	S,	we	may	be	required	to	make	significant	changes	to	our	estimates.
Account	activity	related	to	our	resale	value	guarantee	program	consisted	of	the	following	for	the	period	presented	(in	thousands):
	
	
		
Year	ended
December	31,	2013
	
Operating	lease	vehicles	under	the	resale	value	guarantee	program​beginning	of	period
		
$
​		
		
Increase	in	operating	lease	vehicles	under	the	resale	value	guarantee	program
		
	
396,361
		
Depreciation	expense	recorded	in	cost	of	automotive	sales
		
	
17,171
		
Additional	depreciation	expense	recorded	in	cost	of	automotive	sales	as	a	result	of	early	cancellation	of	resale	value
guarantee
		
	
2,211
		
		
Operating	lease	vehicles	under	the	resale	value	guarantee	program​end	of	period
		
$
376,979
		
		
Deferred	revenue	related	to	the	resale	value	guarantee	program​beginning	of	period
		
$
​		
		
Increase	in	deferred	revenue	related	to	Model	S	deliveries	with	resale	value	guarantee
		
	
259,962
		
Amortization	of	deferred	revenue	recorded	in	automotive	sales
		
	
27,654
		
Additional	revenue	recorded	in	automotive	sales	as	a	result	of	early	cancellation	of	resale	value	guarantee
		
	
1,452
		
		
Deferred	revenue	related	to	the	resale	value	guarantee	program​end	of	period
		
$
230,856
		
		
Resale	value	guarantee	liability​beginning	of	period
		
$
​		
		
Increase	in	resale	value	guarantee
		
	
237,620
		
Additional	revenue	recorded	in	automotive	sales	as	a	result	of	early	cancellation	of	resale	value	guarantee
		
	
1,322
		
		
Resale	value	guarantee	liability​end	of	period
		
$
236,298
		
		
Regulatory	Credits	Sales
California	and	certain	other	states	have	laws	in	place	requiring	vehicle	manufacturers	to	ensure	that	a	portion	of	the	vehicles	delivered	for	sale	in
that	state	during	each	model	year	are	zero	emission	vehicles.	These	laws	and	regulations	provide	that	a	manufacturer	of	zero	emission	vehicles	may
earn	regulatory	credits,	and	may	sell	excess	credits	to	other	manufacturers	who	apply	such	credits	to	comply	with	these	regulatory	requirements.
Similar	regulations	exist	at	the	federal	level	that	require	compliance	related	to	GHG	emissions	and	also	allow	for	the	sale	of	excess	credits	by	one
manufacturer	to	other	manufacturers.	As	a	manufacturer	solely	of	zero	emission	vehicles,	we	have	earned	emission	credits,	such	as	ZEV	and	GHG
credits	on	vehicles,	and	we	expect	to	continue	to	earn	these	credits	in	the	future.	Since	all	of	our	commercial	vehicles	are	electric,	we	do	not	receive	any
compliance	benefit	from	the	generation	of	these	credits,	and	accordingly	look	to	sell	them	to	other	vehicle	manufacturers.	In	order	to	facilitate	the	sale
of	these	credits,	we	enter	into	contractual	agreements	with	third
	98Table	of	Contents
parties	requiring	them	to	purchase	our	regulatory	credits	at	pre-determined	prices.	We	recognize	revenue	on	the	sale	of	these	credits	at	the	time	legal
title	to	the	credits	is	transferred	to	the	purchasing	party	by	the	governmental	agency	issuing	the	credits.	Revenue	from	the	sale	of	regulatory	credits
totaled	$194.4	million,	$40.5	million	and	$2.7	million	for	the	years	ended	December	31,	2013,	2012	and	2011,	respectively.
Maintenance	and	Service	Plans
We	offer	a	prepaid	maintenance	program	for	Model	S,	which	includes	plans	covering	maintenance	for	up	to	eight	years	or	up	to	100,000	miles,
provided	these	services	are	purchased	within	a	specified	period	of	time.	The	maintenance	plans	cover	annual	inspections	and	the	replacement	of	wear
and	tear	parts,	excluding	tires	and	the	battery,	with	either	a	fixed	fee	per	visit	for	Tesla	Ranger	service	or	unlimited	Tesla	Ranger	visits	for	a	higher
initial	purchase	price.	Payments	collected	in	advance	of	the	performance	of	service	are	initially	recorded	in	deferred	revenues	on	the	consolidated
balance	sheets	and	recognized	in	automotive	sales	as	we	fulfill	our	performance	obligations.
We	also	offer	an	extended	service	plan,	which	covers	the	repair	or	replacement	of	Model	S	parts	for	an	additional	four	years	or	up	to	an	additional
50,000	miles,	after	the	end	of	our	initial	New	Vehicle	Limited	Warranty,	provided	they	are	purchased	within	a	specified	period	of	time.	For	customers
that	are	not	covered	by	our	New	Vehicle	Limited	Warranties	or	our	extended	service	plans,	we	offer	Tesla	Ranger	service	at	a	higher	cost.	Payments
collected	in	advance	of	the	performance	of	service	are	initially	recorded	in	deferred	revenues	on	the	consolidated	balance	sheets	and	recognized	in
automotive	sales	ratably	over	the	service	coverage	periods.
As	of	December	31,	2013,	we	had	deferred	$24.9	million	related	to	our	maintenance	and	service	plans.	During	the	year	ended	December	31,
2013,	we	recognized	revenue	of	$0.6	million	related	to	these	plans.
We	provided	Tesla	Roadster	customers	with	the	opportunity	to	purchase	an	extended	warranty	plan	for	the	period	after	the	end	of	our	initial	New
Vehicle	Limited	Warranty	to	cover	additional	services	for	an	additional	three	years	or	36,000	miles.	We	refer	to	this	program	as	our	Extended	Service
plan.	Amounts	collected	on	these	sales	are	initially	recorded	in	deferred	revenues	on	the	consolidated	balance	sheets	and	recognized	in	automotive
sales	over	the	extended	warranty	period.	As	of	December	31,	2013	and	2012,	we	had	deferred	$1.4	million	and	$1.5	million,	respectively.	During	the
years	ended	December	31,	2013	and	2012,	we	recognized	revenue	of	$0.4	million	and	$0.1	million	related	to	this	program,	respectively.
Additionally,	we	have	previously	provided	customers	of	our	Tesla	Roadsters	with	a	one-time	option	to	replace	the	battery	packs	in	their	vehicles	at
any	time	after	the	expiration	of	the	New	Vehicle	Limited	Warranty	but	before	the	tenth	anniversary	of	the	purchase	date	of	their	vehicles.	We	refer	to
this	program	as	our	Battery	Replacement	program.	Amounts	collected	on	these	sales	are	initially	recorded	in	deferred	revenues	on	the	consolidated
balance	sheets	and	recognized	in	automotive	sales	as	we	fulfill	our	obligation	to	replace	the	battery	packs.	As	of	December	31,	2013	and	2012,	we	had
deferred	$1.3	million	and	$1.2	million,	respectively,	related	to	the	Battery	Replacement	program	and	have	not	yet	recognized	any	related	revenues.
Development	Services	Revenue
Revenue	from	development	services	arrangements	consist	of	revenue	earned	from	the	development	of	electric	vehicle	powertrain	components	and
systems	for	other	automobile	manufacturers,	including	the	design	and	development	of	battery	packs,	drive	units	and	sample	vehicles	to	meet	a
customer​s	specifications.	Revenue	is	recognized	as	the	performance	requirements	of	each	development	arrangement	are	met	and	collection	is
reasonably	assured.	Where	development	arrangements	include	substantive	at-risk	milestones,	revenue	is	recognized	based	upon	the	achievement	of	the
contractually-defined	milestones.	Amounts	collected	in	advance	of	meeting	all	of	the	revenue	recognition	criteria	are	not	recognized	in	the	consolidated
statement	of	operations	and	are	instead	recorded	as	deferred	revenue	on	the	consolidated	balance	sheets.	Costs	of	development	services	are
	
99Table	of	Contents
expensed	as	incurred.	When	development	services	arrangements	have	multiple	elements,	we	evaluate	the	separability	of	the	various	deliverables	to
ensure	appropriate	revenue	recognition.	Costs	of	development	services	incurred	in	periods	prior	to	the	finalization	of	an	agreement	are	recorded	as
research	and	development	expenses;	once	an	agreement	is	finalized,	these	costs	are	recorded	in	cost	of	revenues.
Cash	and	Cash	Equivalents
All	highly	liquid	investments	with	an	original	or	remaining	maturity	of	three	months	or	less	at	the	date	of	purchase	are	considered	to	be	cash
equivalents.	We	currently	invest	excess	cash	primarily	in	money	market	funds.
Marketable	Securities
Marketable	securities	have	historically	been	comprised	of	commercial	paper	and	corporate	debt	and	are	all	designated	as	available-for-sale	and
reported	at	estimated	fair	value,	with	unrealized	gains	and	losses	recorded	in	accumulated	other	comprehensive	loss	which	is	included	within
stockholders​	equity.	Realized	gains	and	losses	on	the	sale	of	available-for-sale	marketable	securities	are	recorded	in	other	income	(expense),	net.	The
cost	of	available-for-sale	marketable	securities	sold	is	based	on	the	specific	identification	method.	Interest,	dividends,	amortization	and	accretion	of
purchase	premiums	and	discounts	on	our	marketable	securities	are	included	in	other	income	(expense),	net.	Available-for-sale	marketable	securities
with	maturities	greater	than	three	months	at	the	date	of	purchase	and	remaining	maturities	of	one	year	or	less	are	classified	as	short-term	marketable
securities.	Where	temporary	declines	in	fair	value	exist,	we	have	the	ability	and	the	intent	to	hold	these	securities	for	a	period	of	time	sufficient	to	allow
for	any	anticipated	recovery	in	fair	value.
When	held,	we	regularly	review	all	of	our	marketable	securities	for	other-than-temporary	declines	in	fair	value.	The	review	includes	but	is	not
limited	to	(i)	the	consideration	of	the	cause	of	the	impairment,	(ii)	the	creditworthiness	of	the	security	issuers,	(iii)	the	length	of	time	a	security	is	in	an
unrealized	loss	position,	and	(iv)	our	ability	to	hold	the	security	for	a	period	of	time	sufficient	to	allow	for	any	anticipated	recovery	in	fair	value.
Restricted	Cash	and	Deposits
We	maintain	certain	cash	amounts	restricted	as	to	withdrawal	or	use.	We	maintained	total	restricted	cash	of	$9.4	million	and	$24.3	million	as	of
December	31,	2013	and	2012,	respectively.	Restricted	cash	as	of	December	31,	2012	primarily	represented	cash	held	in	separate	dedicated	accounts
required	under	our	Department	of	Energy	(DOE)	loan	facility	(see	Note	6)	and	was	used	as	a	mechanism	to	defer	advances	under	the	DOE	loan	facility
as	well	as	to	pre-fund	planned	loan	repayments.	Upon	termination	of	the	DOE	loan	facility	in	May	2013,	$29.3	million	held	in	these	dedicated	accounts
were	released	by	the	DOE.	Current	and	noncurrent	restricted	cash	as	of	December	31,	2013	was	comprised	primarily	of	security	deposits	held	by
vendors	as	part	of	the	vendors​	standard	credit	policies,	security	deposits	related	to	lease	agreements	and	equipment	financing,	and	certain	refundable
customer	deposits	segregated	in	accordance	with	state	consumer	protection	regulations.
Accounts	Receivable	and	Allowance	for	Doubtful	Accounts
Accounts	receivable	primarily	include	amounts	related	to	sales	of	powertrain	systems	and	regulatory	credits	to	other	global	automotive
manufacturers	(OEMs).	In	circumstances	where	we	are	aware	of	a	specific	customer​s	inability	to	meet	its	financial	obligations	to	us,	we	provide	an
allowance	against	amounts	receivable	to	reduce	the	net	recognized	receivable	to	the	amount	we	reasonably	believe	will	be	collected.	We	typically	do
not	carry	accounts	receivable	related	to	our	vehicle	and	related	sales	as	customer	payments	are	due	prior	to	vehicle	delivery,	except	for	the	amounts
due	from	commercial	financial	institutions	for	approved	financing	arrangements	between	our	customers	and	the	financial	institutions.
	
100Table	of	Contents
Concentration	of	Risk
Credit	Risk
Financial	instruments	that	potentially	subject	us	to	a	concentration	of	credit	risk	consist	of	cash,	cash	equivalents,	restricted	cash	and	accounts
receivable.	Our	cash	equivalents	are	primarily	invested	in	money	market	funds	with	high	credit	quality	financial	institutions	in	the	United	States.	At
times,	these	deposits	and	securities	may	be	in	excess	of	insured	limits.	We	invest	cash	not	required	for	use	in	operations	in	high	credit	quality	securities
based	on	our	investment	policy.	Our	investment	policy	provides	guidelines	and	limits	regarding	credit	quality,	investment	concentration,	investment
type,	and	maturity	that	we	believe	will	provide	liquidity	while	reducing	risk	of	loss	of	capital.	Historically,	when	held,	investments	were	of	a	short-term
nature	and	included	investments	in	corporate	debt	securities.
As	of	December	31,	2013	and	2012,	our	accounts	receivable	were	derived	primarily	from	sales	of	regulatory	credits,	as	well	as	the	development
and	sales	of	powertrain	components	and	systems	to	OEMs.	Accounts	receivable	also	included	amounts	to	be	received	from	commercial	financial
institutions	for	approved	financing	arrangements	between	our	customers	and	the	financial	institutions.
The	following	summarizes	the	accounts	receivable	from	our	OEM	customers	in	excess	of	10%	of	our	total	accounts	receivable:
	
	
		
December	31,
2013
	
	
December	31,
2012
	
Customer	A
		
	
30
%	
	
	
56
%	
Customer	B
		
	
9
%	
	
	
15
%	
Supply	Risk
Although	there	may	be	multiple	suppliers	available,	many	of	the	components	used	in	our	vehicles	are	purchased	by	us	from	a	single	source.	If
these	single	source	suppliers	fail	to	satisfy	our	requirements	on	a	timely	basis	at	competitive	prices,	we	could	suffer	manufacturing	delays,	a	possible
loss	of	revenues,	or	incur	higher	cost	of	sales,	any	of	which	could	adversely	affect	our	operating	results.
Inventories	and	Inventory	Valuation
Inventories	are	stated	at	the	lower	of	cost	or	market.	Cost	is	computed	using	standard	cost,	which	approximates	actual	cost	on	a	first-in,	first-out
basis.	We	record	inventory	write-downs	based	on	reviews	for	excess	and	obsolescence	determined	primarily	by	future	demand	forecasts.	We	also	adjust
the	carrying	value	of	our	inventories	when	we	believe	that	the	net	realizable	value	is	less	than	the	carrying	value.	These	write-downs	are	measured	as
the	difference	between	the	cost	of	the	inventory,	including	estimated	costs	to	complete,	and	estimated	selling	prices.	Once	inventory	is	written	down,	a
new,	lower-cost	basis	for	that	inventory	is	established,	and	subsequent	changes	in	facts	and	circumstances	do	not	result	in	the	restoration	or	increase	in
that	newly	established	cost	basis.
Property,	Plant	and	Equipment
Property,	plant	and	equipment	are	recognized	at	cost	less	accumulated	depreciation.	Depreciation	is	generally	computed	using	the	straight-line
method	over	the	estimated	useful	lives	of	the	related	assets	as	follows:
	
Computer	equipment	and	software
		
3	years
Office	furniture,	machinery	and	equipment
		
3	to	12	years
Building	and	building	improvements
		
30	years
	
101Table	of	Contents
Depreciation	for	tooling	is	computed	using	the	units-of-production	method	whereby	capitalized	costs	are	amortized	over	the	total	estimated
productive	life	of	the	related	assets.	During	the	year	ended	December	31,	2013,	we	increased	the	estimated	productive	life	for	tooling	from	125,000
vehicles	to	150,000	vehicles	based	on	our	current	estimates	of	production.
Leasehold	improvements	are	amortized	on	a	straight-line	basis	over	the	shorter	of	their	estimated	useful	lives	or	the	term	of	the	related	lease.
Upon	the	retirement	or	sale	of	our	property,	plant	and	equipment,	the	cost	and	related	accumulated	depreciation	are	removed	from	the	balance
sheet	and	the	resulting	gain	or	loss	is	reflected	in	operations.	Maintenance	and	repair	expenditures	are	expensed	as	incurred,	while	major
improvements	that	increase	functionality	of	the	asset	are	capitalized	and	depreciated	ratably	to	expense	over	the	identified	useful	life.	Land	is	not
depreciated.
Interest	expense	on	outstanding	debt	is	capitalized	during	the	period	of	significant	capital	asset	construction.	Capitalized	interest	on	construction
in	progress	is	included	in	property,	plant	and	equipment,	and	is	amortized	over	the	life	of	the	related	assets.
Operating	Lease	Vehicles
Vehicles	delivered	under	our	resale	value	guarantee	program,	vehicles	that	are	leased	as	part	of	our	leasing	program	as	well	as	any	vehicles	that
are	sold	with	a	significant	buy-back	guarantee	are	classified	as	operating	lease	vehicles	as	the	related	revenue	transactions	are	treated	as	operating
leases.	Operating	lease	vehicles	are	recorded	at	cost	less	accumulated	depreciation.	Depreciation	is	computed	using	the	straight-line	method	over	the
expected	operating	lease	term.	The	total	cost	of	operating	lease	vehicles	recorded	in	the	consolidated	balance	sheets	as	of	December	31,	2013	and	2012
was	$401.9	million	and	$13.4	million,	respectively.	Accumulated	depreciation	related	to	leased	vehicles	as	of	December	31,	2013	and	2012	was	$19.5
million	and	$3.3	million,	respectively.
Intangible	Assets
Intangible	assets	with	finite	useful	lives	are	amortized	over	their	estimated	useful	lives.	As	of	December	31,	2013	and	2012,	intangible	assets
were	comprised	of	emission	permits	related	to	our	Tesla	Factory.	Although	these	emission	permits	have	a	longer	useful	life	than	the	Tesla	Factory,	they
are	related	to	the	operation	of	our	Tesla	Factory	and	therefore,	are	amortized	over	the	same	useful	life.
Long-lived	Assets
We	evaluate	our	long-lived	assets,	including	intangible	assets,	for	indicators	of	possible	impairment	when	events	or	changes	in	circumstances
indicate	the	carrying	amount	of	an	asset	(or	asset	group)	may	not	be	recoverable.	Impairment	exists	if	the	carrying	amounts	of	such	assets	exceed	the
estimates	of	future	net	undiscounted	cash	flows	expected	to	be	generated	by	such	assets.	Should	impairment	exist,	the	impairment	loss	would	be
measured	based	on	the	excess	carrying	value	of	the	asset	over	the	asset​s	estimated	fair	value.	As	of	December	31,	2013	and	2012,	we	did	not	record
any	material	impairment	losses	on	our	long-lived	assets.
Research	and	Development	Costs
Research	and	development	costs	are	expensed	as	incurred.	Research	and	development	expenses	consist	primarily	of	payroll,	benefits	and	stock-
based	compensation	of	those	employees	engaged	in	research,	design	and	development	activities,	costs	related	to	design	tools,	license	expenses	related
to	intellectual	property,	supplies	and	services,	depreciation	and	other	occupancy	costs.	Also	included	in	research	and	development	are	development
services	costs	incurred,	if	any,	prior	to	the	finalization	of	agreements	with	our	development	services	customers	as	reaching	a	final	agreement	and
revenue	recognition	is	not	assured.	Development	services	costs	incurred	after	the	finalization	of	an	agreement	are	recorded	in	cost	of	revenues.
	
102Table	of	Contents
Advertising	and	Promotion	Costs
Advertising	and	sales	promotion	costs	are	expensed	as	incurred.	During	the	years	ended	December	31,	2013,	2012	and	2011,	advertising,
promotion	and	related	marketing	expenses	were	$9.0	million,	$3.9	million	and	$2.9	million,	respectively.
Shipping	and	Handling	Costs
Amounts	billed	to	customers	related	to	shipping	and	handling	are	classified	as	revenue,	and	related	shipping	and	handling	costs	are	included	in
cost	of	revenues.
Income	Taxes
Income	taxes	are	computed	using	the	asset	and	liability	method,	under	which	deferred	tax	assets	and	liabilities	are	determined	based	on	the
difference	between	the	financial	statement	and	tax	bases	of	assets	and	liabilities	using	enacted	tax	rates	in	effect	for	the	year	in	which	the	differences
are	expected	to	affect	taxable	income.	Valuation	allowances	are	established	when	necessary	to	reduce	deferred	tax	assets	to	the	amount	expected	to	be
realized.
We	record	liabilities	related	to	uncertain	tax	positions	when,	despite	our	belief	that	our	tax	return	positions	are	supportable,	we	believe	that	it	is
more	likely	than	not	that	those	positions	may	not	be	fully	sustained	upon	review	by	tax	authorities.	Accrued	interest	and	penalties	related	to
unrecognized	tax	benefits	are	classified	as	income	tax	expense.
Stock-based	Compensation
We	recognize	compensation	expense	for	costs	related	to	all	share-based	payments,	including	stock	options,	restricted	stock	units	(RSUs)	and	our
employee	stock	purchase	plan	(the	ESPP).	The	fair	value	of	stock	options	and	the	ESPP	are	estimated	on	the	grant	date	and	offering	date	using	an
option	pricing	model,	respectively.	The	fair	value	of	RSUs	is	measured	on	the	grant	date	based	on	the	closing	fair	market	value	of	our	common	stock.
Stock-based	compensation	expense	is	recognized	on	a	straight-line	basis	over	the	requisite	service	period,	net	of	estimated	forfeitures.
We	account	for	equity	instruments	issued	to	non-employees	based	on	the	fair	value	of	the	awards.	The	fair	value	of	the	awards	granted	to	non-
employees	is	re-measured	as	the	awards	vest	and	the	resulting	change	in	fair	value,	if	any,	is	recognized	in	the	consolidated	statements	of	operations
during	the	period	the	related	services	are	rendered.
For	performance-based	awards,	stock-based	compensation	expense	is	recognized	over	the	expected	performance	achievement	period	of	individual
performance	milestones	when	the	achievement	of	each	individual	performance	milestone	becomes	probable.
For	performance-based	awards	with	a	vesting	schedule	based	entirely	on	the	attainment	of	both	performance	and	market	conditions,	the	stock-
based	compensation	expense	is	recognized	for	each	pair	of	performance	and	market	conditions	over	the	longer	of	the	expected	achievement	period	of
the	performance	and	market	conditions,	beginning	at	the	point	in	time	that	the	relevant	performance	condition	is	considered	probable	of	being	met	(see
Note	8).
Foreign	Currency	Remeasurement	and	Transactions
For	each	of	our	foreign	subsidiaries,	the	functional	currency	is	the	U.S.	Dollar.	For	these	foreign	subsidiaries,	monetary	assets	and	liabilities
denominated	in	non-U.S.	currencies	are	re-measured	to	U.S.	Dollars	using	current	exchange	rates	in	effect	at	the	balance	sheet	date.	Non-monetary
assets	and	liabilities	denominated	in	non-U.S.	currencies	are	maintained	at	historical	U.S.	Dollar	exchange	rates.	Revenues	and	expenses	are	re-
measured	at	average	U.S.	Dollar	monthly	rates.
	
103Table	of	Contents
Foreign	currency	transaction	gains	and	losses	are	a	result	of	the	effect	of	exchange	rate	changes	on	transactions	denominated	in	currencies	other
than	the	functional	currency.	Transaction	gains	and	losses	are	recognized	in	other	income	(expense),	net,	in	the	consolidated	statements	of	operations.
For	the	year	ended	December	31,	2013,	we	recorded	foreign	currency	transaction	gains	of	$11.9	million.	For	the	years	ended	December	2012	and	2011,
foreign	currency	transaction	gains	and	losses	were	not	significant.
Comprehensive	Loss
Comprehensive	loss	is	comprised	of	net	loss	and	other	comprehensive	income	(loss).	Other	comprehensive	income	(loss)	consists	of	unrealized
gains	and	losses	on	our	available-for-sale	marketable	securities	that	have	been	excluded	from	the	determination	of	net	loss.
Warranties
We	provide	a	warranty	on	all	vehicle,	production	powertrain	components	and	systems	sales,	and	we	accrue	warranty	reserves	at	the	time	a
vehicle	or	production	powertrain	component	or	system	is	delivered	to	the	customer.	Warranty	reserves	include	management​s	best	estimate	of	the
projected	costs	to	repair	or	to	replace	any	items	under	warranty,	based	on	actual	warranty	experience	as	it	becomes	available	and	other	known	factors
that	may	impact	our	evaluation	of	historical	data.	For	new	vehicles,	warranty	reserves	are	based	on	management​s	best	estimate	of	projected	warranty
experience	until	adequate	historical	data	is	accumulated.	Our	warranty	reserves	do	not	include	projected	warranty	costs	associated	with	our	resale
value	guarantee	vehicles	as	such	actual	warranty	costs	are	expensed	as	incurred.	For	the	year	ended	December	31,	2013,	warranty	costs	incurred	for
our	resale	value	guarantee	vehicles	was	$1.6	million.	We	may	have	material	changes	as	we	accumulate	more	actual	data	and	experience.	We	review	our
reserves	at	least	quarterly	to	ensure	that	our	accruals	are	adequate	in	meeting	expected	future	warranty	obligations,	and	we	will	adjust	our	estimates
as	needed.	Warranty	expense	is	recorded	as	a	component	of	cost	of	revenues	in	the	consolidated	statements	of	operations.	The	portion	of	the	warranty
provision	which	is	expected	to	be	incurred	within	12	months	from	the	balance	sheet	date	is	classified	as	current,	while	the	remaining	amount	is
classified	as	long-term.
We	began	recording	warranty	reserves	with	the	commencement	of	Tesla	Roadster	sales	in	2008.	Initially,	Tesla	Roadsters	were	sold	with	a
warranty	of	three	years	or	36,000	miles,	which	we	extended	to	four	years	or	50,000	miles	for	the	purchasers	of	our	2008	Tesla	Roadster.	Tesla	Roadster
customers	had	the	opportunity	to	purchase	an	Extended	Service	plan	for	the	period	after	the	end	of	the	New	Vehicle	Limited	Warranty	to	cover
additional	services	for	an	additional	three	years	or	36,000	miles,	provided	they	are	purchased	within	a	specified	period	of	time.
In	June	2012,	we	commenced	deliveries	of	Model	S.	For	our	Model	S	customers,	we	provide	a	four	year	or	50,000	miles	New	Vehicle	Limited
Warranty,	subject	to	separate	limited	warranties	for	the	supplemental	restraint	system	and	battery.	The	New	Vehicle	Limited	Warranty	also	covers	the
battery	for	a	period	of	eight	years	or	125,000	miles	or	unlimited	miles,	depending	on	the	size	of	the	vehicle​s	battery,	although	the	battery​s	charging
capacity	is	not	covered.	Model	S	customers	also	have	the	opportunity	to	purchase	an	Extended	Service	plan	for	the	period	after	the	end	of	the	New
Vehicle	Limited	Warranty	to	cover	additional	services	for	an	additional	four	years	or	50,000	miles,	provided	they	are	purchased	within	a	specified
period	of	time.	The	battery	pack​s	charging	capacity	is	not	covered	under	the	New	Vehicle	Limited	Warranty	or	any	Extended	Service	plan.	Accrued
warranty	activity	consisted	of	the	following	for	the	periods	presented	(in	thousands):
	
	
		
Year	Ended	December	31,
	
	
		
2013
	
	
2012
	
	
2011
	
Accrued	warranty​beginning	of	period
		
$
13,013
		
	
$
6,315
		
	
$
5,417
		
Warranty	costs	incurred
		
	
(19,160
)	
	
	
(3,424
)	
	
	
(2,750
)	
Net	changes	in	liability	for	pre-existing	warranties,	including	expirations
		
	
(2,072
)	
	
	
​		
		
	
	
​		
		
Provision	for	warranty
		
	
61,401
		
	
	
10,122
		
	
	
3,648
		
	
	
	
	
Accrued	warranty​end	of	period
		
$
53,182
		
	
$
13,013
		
	
$
6,315
		
	
	
	
	
	
104Table	of	Contents
Environmental	Liabilities
We	are	subject	to	federal	and	state	laws	and	regulations	for	the	protection	of	the	environment,	including	those	related	to	the	discharge	of
hazardous	materials	and	remediation	of	contaminated	sites.	In	October	2010,	we	completed	the	purchase	of	our	Tesla	Factory	located	in	Fremont,
California	from	New	United	Motor	Manufacturing,	Inc.	(NUMMI).	NUMMI	has	previously	identified	environmental	conditions	at	the	Fremont	site	which
could	affect	soil	and	groundwater.	As	the	owner	of	the	Fremont	site,	we	may	be	responsible	for	the	entire	investigation	and	remediation	of	any
environmental	contamination	at	the	Fremont	site,	whether	it	occurred	before	or	after	the	date	we	purchased	the	property.	Upon	the	completion	of	the
purchase	in	October	2010,	we	recorded	the	fair	value	of	the	environmental	liabilities	that	we	estimated	to	be	$5.3	million.	The	fair	value	of	these
liabilities	was	determined	based	on	an	expected	value	analysis	of	the	related	potential	costs	to	investigate,	remediate	and	manage	various
environmental	conditions	that	were	identified	as	part	of	NUMMI​s	facility	decommissioning	activities	as	well	as	our	own	diligence	efforts.	Estimated
potential	costs	are	not	discounted	to	present	value	as	the	timing	of	payments	cannot	be	reasonably	estimated.	We	assess	adequacy	of	our	accrued
environmental	liabilities	for	investigation	and	remediation	of	any	environmental	contamination	at	least	quarterly	and	adjust	our	estimates	as
appropriate.	As	of	December	31,	2013	and	2012,	we	accrued	a	total	of	$5.5	million	and	$5.3	million	related	to	these	environmental	liabilities,
respectively	(see	Note	12).
Net	Loss	per	Share	of	Common	Stock
Our	basic	and	diluted	net	loss	per	share	of	common	stock	is	calculated	by	dividing	net	loss	by	the	weighted-average	shares	of	common	stock
outstanding	for	the	period.	Potentially	dilutive	shares,	which	are	based	on	the	number	of	shares	underlying	outstanding	stock	options	and	warrants	as
well	as	our	Notes,	are	not	included	when	their	effect	is	antidilutive.
The	following	table	presents	the	potential	weighted	common	shares	outstanding	that	were	excluded	from	the	computation	of	basic	and	diluted	net
loss	per	share	of	common	stock	for	the	periods,	related	to	the	following	securities:
	
	
		
Year	Ended	December	31,
	
	
		
2013
	
		
2012
	
		
2011
	
Stock	options
		
	
13,881,355
		
		
	
25,007,776
		
		
	
15,806,663
		
Convertible	senior	notes
		
	
411,560
		
		
	
​		
		
		
	
​		
		
Employee	stock	purchase	plan
		
	
23,296
		
		
	
59,763
		
		
	
39,131
		
Restricted	stock	units
		
	
224
		
		
	
​		
		
		
	
​		
		
DOE	warrant
		
	
1,061,439
		
		
	
2,342,353
		
		
	
2,220,617
		
Common	stock	subject	to	repurchase
		
	
​		
		
		
	
​		
		
		
	
278
		
Since	we	will	settle	the	principal	amount	of	our	1.50%	convertible	senior	notes	(see	Note	6)	in	cash,	we	use	the	treasury	stock	method	for
calculating	any	potential	dilutive	effect	of	the	conversion	spread	on	diluted	net	income	per	share,	if	applicable.	The	conversion	spread	will	have	a
dilutive	impact	on	diluted	net	income	per	share	of	common	stock	when	the	average	market	price	of	our	common	stock	for	a	given	period	exceeds	the
conversion	price	of	$124.52	per	share.
3.	Balance	Sheet	Components
Inventory
As	of	December	31,	2013	and	2012,	our	inventory	consisted	of	the	following	(in	thousands):
	
	
		
December	31,
2013
	
		
December	31,
2012
	
Raw	materials
		
$
184,665
		
		
$
163,637
		
Work	in	process
		
	
42,500
		
		
	
24,535
		
Finished	goods
		
	
69,324
		
		
	
62,559
		
Service	parts
		
	
43,866
		
		
	
17,773
		
	
		
	
Total
		
$
340,355
		
		
$
268,504
		
	
		
		
105Table	of	Contents
We	write	down	inventory	as	a	result	of	excess	and	obsolescence,	or	when	we	believe	that	the	net	realizable	value	of	inventories	is	less	than	the
carrying	value.	During	the	years	ended	December	31,	2013,	2012	and	2011,	we	recorded	write-downs	of	$8.9	million,	$5.0	million	and	$1.8	million,
respectively,	in	cost	of	automotive	sales.
Property,	Plant	and	Equipment
As	of	December	31,	2013	and	2012,	our	property,	plant	and	equipment,	net,	consisted	of	the	following	(in	thousands):
	
	
		
December	31,
2013
	
	
December	31,
2012
	
Machinery,	equipment	and	office	furniture
		
$
322,394
		
	
$
223,745
		
Tooling
		
	
230,385
		
	
	
172,584
		
Leasehold	improvements
		
	
94,763
		
	
	
39,224
		
Building	and	building	improvements
		
	
67,707
		
	
	
50,574
		
Land
		
	
45,020
		
	
	
26,391
		
Computer	equipment	and	software
		
	
42,073
		
	
	
22,125
		
Construction	in	progress
		
	
76,294
		
	
	
75,129
		
		
	
	
		
	
878,636
		
	
	
609,772
		
Less:	Accumulated	depreciation	and	amortization
		
	
(140,142
)	
	
	
(57,543
)	
		
	
	
Total
		
$
738,494
		
	
$
552,229
		
		
	
	
Construction	in	progress	is	comprised	primarily	of	assets	related	to	the	manufacturing	of	our	Model	S,	including	building	improvements	at	our
Tesla	Factory	in	Fremont,	California	as	well	as	tooling	and	manufacturing	equipment	and	capitalized	interest	expense.	Depreciation	of	these	assets
begins	when	they	are	ready	for	their	intended	use.	Interest	expense	on	outstanding	debt	is	capitalized	during	the	period	of	significant	capital	asset
construction.	Capitalized	interest	on	construction	in	progress	is	included	in	property,	plant	and	equipment,	and	is	amortized	over	the	life	of	the	related
assets.	During	the	years	ended	December	31,	2013	and	2012,	we	capitalized	$3.5	million	and	$7.6	million	of	interest	expense,	respectively.
Depreciation	and	amortization	expense	during	the	years	ended	December	31,	2013,	2012	and	2011	were	$83.9	million,	$25.3	million	and	$14.6
million,	respectively.	Total	property	and	equipment	assets	under	capital	lease	as	of	December	31,	2013	and	2012	were	$23.3	million	and	$8.1	million,
respectively.	Accumulated	depreciation	related	to	assets	under	capital	lease	as	of	these	dates	were	$5.0	million	and	$1.0	million,	respectively.
Other	Assets
As	of	December	31,	2013	and	2012,	our	other	assets	consisted	of	the	following	(in	thousands):
	
	
		
December	31,
2013
	
		
December	31,
2012
	
Emission	permits
		
$
13,930
		
		
$
14,267
		
Debt	issuance	costs,	net
		
	
7,315
		
		
	
​		
		
Loan	facility	issuance	costs,	net
		
	
​		
		
		
	
5,759
		
Other
		
	
2,392
		
		
	
1,937
		
		
	
		
	
Total
		
$
23,637
		
		
$
21,963
		
		
	
		
	
Emission	permits	are	related	to	the	operation	of	our	Tesla	Factory;	therefore,	we	amortize	the	emission	permits	over	the	same	useful	life.	Debtissuance	costs	are	related	to	the	1.50%	convertible	senior	notes	(Notes)	issued	in	May	2013	(see	Note	6).	Loan	facility	issuance	costs	associated	with
our	DOE	loan	facility	(see	Note	6)	were	written-off	to	interest	expense	during	the	year	ended	December	31,	2013	upon	the	extinguishment	of	our	DOE
loan	facility	in	May	2013.
	
106Table	of	Contents
Accrued	Liabilities
As	of	December	31,	2013	and	2012,	our	accrued	liabilities	consisted	of	the	following	(in	thousands):
	
	
		
December	31,
2013
	
		
December	31,
2012
	
Taxes	payable
		
$
38,067
		
		
$
9,710
		
Payroll	and	related	costs
		
	
26,535
		
		
	
15,525
		
Accrued	warranty,	current	portion
		
	
19,917
		
		
	
3,056
		
Accrued	purchases
		
	
19,023
		
		
	
10,334
		
Environmental	liabilities,	current	portion
		
	
2,132
		
		
	
​		
		
Other
		
	
2,578
		
		
	
1,173
		
	
		
	
Total
		
$
108,252
		
		
$
39,798
		
	
		
	
Other	Long-Term	Liabilities
As	of	December	31,	2013	and	2012,	our	other	long-term	liabilities	consisted	of	the	following	(in	thousands):
	
	
		
December	31,
2013
	
		
December	31,
2012
	
Accrued	warranty,	less	current	portion
		
$
33,265
		
		
$
9,957
		
Deferred	rent	liability
		
	
9,886
		
		
	
6,075
		
Deferred	tax	liabilities
		
	
6,821
		
		
	
330
		
Environmental	liabilities,	less	current	portion
		
	
3,364
		
		
	
5,300
		
Other
		
	
4,861
		
		
	
3,508
		
		
	
		
	
Total
		
$
58,197
		
		
$
25,170
		
		
	
		
	
4.	Fair	Value	of	Financial	Instruments
The	carrying	values	of	our	financial	instruments	including	cash	equivalents,	marketable	securities,	accounts	receivable	and	accounts	payable
approximate	their	fair	value	due	to	their	short-term	nature.	As	a	basis	for	determining	the	fair	value	of	certain	of	our	assets	and	liabilities,	we
established	a	three-tier	fair	value	hierarchy	which	prioritizes	the	inputs	used	in	measuring	fair	value	as	follows:	(Level	I)	observable	inputs	such	as
quoted	prices	in	active	markets;	(Level	II)	inputs	other	than	the	quoted	prices	in	active	markets	that	are	observable	either	directly	or	indirectly;	and
(Level	III)	unobservable	inputs	in	which	there	is	little	or	no	market	data	which	requires	us	to	develop	our	own	assumptions.	This	hierarchy	requires	us
to	use	observable	market	data,	when	available,	and	to	minimize	the	use	of	unobservable	inputs	when	determining	fair	value.	Our	financial	assets	that
are	measured	at	fair	value	on	a	recurring	basis	consist	of	cash	equivalents	and	marketable	securities.	Our	liabilities	that	are	measured	at	fair	value	on	a
recurring	basis	have	consisted	historically	of	our	common	stock	warrant	liability.
All	of	our	cash	equivalents	and	current	restricted	cash,	which	are	comprised	primarily	of	money	market	funds,	are	classified	within	Level	I	of	the
fair	value	hierarchy	because	they	are	valued	using	quoted	market	prices	or	market	prices	for	similar	securities.	Our	common	stock	warrant	liability	(see
Note	6)	was	classified	within	Level	III	of	the	fair	value	hierarchy.
As	of	December	31,	2013	and	2012,	the	fair	value	hierarchy	for	our	financial	assets	and	financial	liabilities	that	are	carried	at	fair	value	was	as
follows	(in	thousands):
	
	
	
December	31,	2013
	
	
December	31,	2012
	
	
	
Fair	Value
	
	
Level	I
	
	
Level	II
	
	
Level	III
	
	
Fair	Value
	
	
Level	I
	
	
Level	II
	
	
Level	III
	Money	market	funds
	
$
460,313
		
	
$
460,313
		
	
$
​		
		
	
$
​		
		
	
$
60,272
		
	
$
60,272
		
	
$
​		
		
	
$
​		
		
Common	stock	warrant	liability
	
$
​		
		
	
$
​		
		
	
$
​		
		
	
$
​		
		
	
$
10,692
		
	
$
​		
		
	
$
​		
		
	
$
10,692
		
	
107Table	of	Contents
The	changes	in	the	fair	value	of	our	common	stock	warrant	liability	were	as	follows	(in	thousands):
	
	
		
Year	Ended	December	31,
	
	
		
				2013				
	
	
				2012				
	
Fair	value,	beginning	of	period
		
$
10,692
		
	
$
8,838
		
Change	in	fair	value
		
	
(10,692
)	
	
	
1,854
		
	
	
Fair	value,	end	of	period
		
$
​		
		
	
$
10,692
		
	
	
The	estimated	fair	value	of	our	Notes	based	on	a	market	approach	was	approximately	$914.9	million	(par	value	of	$660.0	million)	as	of
December	31,	2013,	and	represents	a	Level	II	valuation.	The	estimated	fair	value	of	our	DOE	loans	based	on	a	market	approach	was	approximately
$366.9	million	(par	value	of	$452.3	million)	as	of	December	31,	2012,	and	represented	Level	II	valuations.	When	determining	the	estimated	fair	value	of
our	long-term	debt,	we	used	a	commonly	accepted	valuation	methodology	and	market-based	risk	measurements	that	are	indirectly	observable,	such	as
credit	risk.
5.	Customer	Deposits
Customer	deposits	consist	of	payments	that	allow	potential	customers	to	place	an	order	for	the	future	purchase	of	a	Model	S	or	Model	X.	These
amounts	are	recorded	as	current	liabilities	until	the	vehicle	is	delivered.	We	require	full	payment	of	the	purchase	price	of	the	vehicle	only	upon	delivery
of	the	vehicle	to	the	customer.	Amounts	received	by	us	as	customer	deposits	are	generally	not	restricted	as	to	their	use	by	us.	Upon	delivery	of	the
vehicle,	the	related	customer	deposits	are	applied	against	the	customer​s	total	purchase	price	for	the	vehicle	and	recognized	in	automotive	sales	as	part
of	the	respective	vehicle	sale.
Historically,	we	have	referred	to	such	customer	deposits	as	reservation	payments	and	these	initial	reservation	payments	have	been	fully
refundable	until	such	time	that	the	customer	selected	the	vehicle	specifications	and	entered	into	a	purchase	agreement.	We	have	eliminated	the
reservation	process	for	Model	S	in	North	America	and	in	most	of	our	markets	in	Europe,	as	vehicle	production	became	more	reliable	and	customer	wait
times	decreased.	Customers	now	initiate	their	purchase	by	ordering	their	customized	Model	S	rather	than	placing	a	generic	reservation	in	queue.	As	a
result	of	this	transition	away	from	reservations,	we	have	renamed	the	​reservation	payments​	caption	on	our	consolidated	financial	statements	to
​customer	deposits.​	Customer	deposits	related	to	Model	X	still	represent	fully	refundable	reservations.
As	of	December	31,	2013	and	2012,	we	held	customer	deposits	of	$163.2	million	and	$138.8	million,	respectively.
6.	Convertible	Notes	and	Long-term	Debt	Obligations
1.50%	Convertible	Senior	Notes	and	Bond	Hedge	and	Warrant	Transactions
In	May	2013,	we	issued	$660.0	million	aggregate	principal	amount	of	Notes	in	a	public	offering.	The	net	proceeds	from	the	offering,	after
deducting	transaction	costs,	were	approximately	$648.0	million.	We	incurred	$12.0	million	of	debt	issuance	costs	in	connection	with	the	issuance	of	the
Notes	which	we	recorded	in	other	assets	and	are	amortizing	to	interest	expense	using	the	effective	interest	method	over	the	contractual	term	of	the
Notes.	The	interest	under	the	Notes	is	fixed	at	1.50%	per	annum	and	is	payable	semi-annually	in	arrears	on	June	1	and	December	1	of	each	year,
commencing	on	December	1,	2013.	During	the	year	ended	December	31,	2013,	we	recognized	$1.2	million	of	interest	expense	related	to	the
amortization	of	debt	issuance	costs	and	$5.9	million	of	coupon	interest	expense.
Each	$1,000	of	principal	of	the	Notes	will	initially	be	convertible	into	8.0306	shares	of	our	common	stock,	which	is	equivalent	to	an	initial
conversion	price	of	approximately	$124.52	per	share,	subject	to	adjustment	upon	the	occurrence	of	specified	events.	Holders	of	the	Notes	may	convert
their	Notes	at	their	option	on	or	after
	
108Table	of	Contents
March	1,	2018.	Further,	holders	of	the	Notes	may	convert	their	Notes	at	their	option	prior	to	March	1,	2018,	only	under	the	following	circumstances:
(1)	during	any	fiscal	quarter	beginning	after	the	fiscal	quarter	ending	September	30,	2013,	if	the	last	reported	sale	price	of	our	common	stock	for	at
least	20	trading	days	(whether	or	not	consecutive)	during	the	last	30	consecutive	trading	days	of	the	immediately	preceding	fiscal	quarter	is	greater
than	or	equal	to	130%	of	the	conversion	price	on	each	applicable	trading	day;	(2)	during	the	five	business	day	period	following	any	five	consecutive
trading	day	period	in	which	the	trading	price	for	the	Notes	is	less	than	98%	of	the	average	of	the	closing	sale	price	of	our	common	stock	for	each	day
during	such	five	trading	day	period;	or	(3)	if	we	make	specified	distributions	to	holders	of	our	common	stock	or	if	specified	corporate	transactions	occur.
Upon	conversion,	we	would	pay	the	holders	in	cash	for	the	principal	amount	of	the	Notes	and,	if	applicable,	shares	of	our	common	stock	(subject	to	our
right	to	deliver	cash	in	lieu	of	all	or	a	portion	of	such	shares	of	our	common	stock)	based	on	a	calculated	daily	conversion	value.	If	a	fundamental	change
occurs	prior	to	the	maturity	date,	holders	of	the	Notes	may	require	us	to	repurchase	all	or	a	portion	of	their	Notes	for	cash	at	a	repurchase	price	equal
to	100%	of	the	principal	amount	of	the	Notes,	plus	any	accrued	and	unpaid	interest.	In	addition,	if	specific	corporate	events	occur	prior	to	the	maturity
date,	we	will	increase	the	conversion	rate	for	a	holder	who	elects	to	convert	its	Notes	in	connection	with	such	a	corporate	event	in	certain
circumstances.
We	valued	and	bifurcated	the	conversion	option	associated	with	the	Notes	from	the	host	debt	instrument	and	recorded	the	conversion	option	of
$82.8	million	in	stockholders​	equity.	The	resulting	debt	discount	on	the	Notes	is	being	amortized	to	interest	expense	at	an	effective	interest	rate	of
4.29%	over	the	contractual	term	of	the	Notes.	During	the	year	ended	December	31,	2013,	we	recognized	$9.1	million	of	interest	expense	related	to	the
amortization	of	the	debt	discount.	As	of	December	31,	2013,	the	net	carrying	value	of	the	Notes	was	$586.3	million.
In	connection	with	the	offering	of	the	Notes,	we	entered	into	convertible	note	hedge	transactions	whereby	we	have	the	option	to	purchase	up	to
5.3	million	shares	of	our	common	stock	at	a	price	of	approximately	$124.52	per	share.	The	cost	of	the	convertible	note	hedge	transactions	was
$177.5	million.	In	addition,	we	sold	warrants	whereby	the	holders	of	the	warrants	have	the	option	to	purchase	up	to	approximately	5.3	million	shares	of
our	common	stock	at	a	price	of	$184.48	per	share.	We	received	$120.3	million	in	cash	proceeds	from	the	sale	of	these	warrants.	Taken	together,	the
purchase	of	the	convertible	note	hedges	and	the	sale	of	warrants	are	intended	to	offset	any	actual	dilution	from	the	conversion	of	the	Notes	and	to
effectively	increase	the	overall	conversion	price	from	$124.52	to	$184.48	per	share.	As	these	transactions	meet	certain	accounting	criteria,	the
convertible	note	hedges	and	warrants	are	recorded	in	stockholders​	equity	and	are	not	accounted	for	as	derivatives.	The	net	cost	incurred	in	connection
with	the	convertible	note	hedge	and	warrant	transactions	was	recorded	as	a	reduction	to	additional	paid-in	capital	in	the	consolidated	balance	sheet	as
of	December	31,	2013.
During	the	fourth	quarter	of	2013,	the	closing	price	of	our	common	stock	did	not	meet	or	exceed	130%	of	the	applicable	conversion	price	of	our
Notes	on	at	least	20	of	the	last	30	consecutive	trading	days	of	the	quarter;	furthermore,	no	other	conditions	allowing	holders	of	the	Notes	to	convert
have	been	met	as	of	December	31,	2013.	Therefore,	the	Notes	are	not	convertible	during	the	first	quarter	of	2014	and	are	classified	as	long-term	debt.
Should	the	closing	price	conditions	be	met	in	the	first	quarter	of	2014	or	a	future	quarter,	the	Notes	will	be	convertible	at	their	holders​	option	during
the	immediately	following	quarters.
Full	Repayment	of	Department	of	Energy	Loan	Facility
In	May	2013,	in	connection	with	the	closing	of	our	offerings	of	common	stock	and	Notes,	we	paid	$451.8	million	to	settle	all	outstanding	loan
amounts	of	$441.0	million,	including	principal	and	interest,	as	well	as	an	early	repayment	penalty	of	$10.8	million	which	was	recorded	in	interest
expense	for	the	year	ended	December	31,	2013.	Upon	termination	of	the	DOE	Loan	Facility,	$29.3	million	held	in	this	dedicated	account	was	released
by	the	DOE.
On	January	20,	2010,	we	entered	into	a	loan	facility	with	the	Federal	Financing	Bank	(FFB),	and	the	DOE,	pursuant	to	the	Advanced	Technology
Vehicles	Manufacturing	(ATVM)	Incentive	Program.	This	loan	facility	was	amended	in	June	2011	to	expand	our	cash	investment	options,	in	February
2012	to	modify	the	timing	of
	
109Table	of	Contents
certain	future	financial	covenants	and	funding	of	the	debt	service	reserve	account,	and	in	June	and	December	2012	to	allow	us	to	effect	certain
initiatives	in	our	business	plan.	In	September	2012,	we	entered	into	an	amendment	with	the	DOE	to	remove	our	obligation	to	comply	with	the	current
ratio	financial	covenant	as	of	September	30,	2012	and	amend	the	timing	of	pre-funding	the	principal	payment	due	in	June	2013.	We	entered	into
another	amendment	with	the	DOE	in	March	2013	that,	among	other	things,	modified	certain	future	financial	covenants,	accelerated	the	maturity	date	of
the	DOE	Loan	Facility	to	December	15,	2017,	created	an	obligation	to	repay	approximately	1.0%	of	the	outstanding	principal	under	the	DOE	Loan
Facility	on	or	before	June	15,	2013,	and	created	additional	contingent	obligations	based	on	excess	cash	flows	that	may	result	in	accelerated	repayment
of	the	DOE	Loan	Facility	starting	in	2015.	The	original	amortization	schedule	for	the	DOE	Loan	Facility	was	not	affected	by	this	amendment,	and	so	the
debt	service	payments	remained	the	same	until	the	new	maturity	date	when	all	outstanding	loans	under	the	DOE	Loan	Facility	were	to	be	repaid.	We
refer	to	the	loan	facility	with	the	DOE,	as	amended,	as	the	DOE	Loan	Facility.	Under	the	DOE	Loan	Facility,	the	FFB	made	available	to	us	two	multi-
draw	term	loan	facilities	in	an	aggregate	principal	amount	of	$465.0	million.	As	of	August	31,	2012,	we	had	fully	drawn	down	the	aforementioned
facilities.
All	outstanding	amounts	under	the	DOE	Loan	Facility	were	repayable	in	quarterly	installments,	which	commenced	on	December	15,	2012	and
would	be	due	on	the	maturity	date	of	December	15,	2017.	All	obligations	under	the	DOE	Loan	Facility	were	secured	by	substantially	all	of	our	property.
The	DOE	Loan	Facility	documents	contained	customary	covenants	that	included,	among	others,	a	requirement	that	the	projects	be	conducted	in
accordance	with	the	business	plan	for	such	project,	compliance	with	all	requirements	of	the	ATVM	Program,	and	limitations	on	our	and	our	subsidiaries​
ability	to	incur	indebtedness,	incur	liens,	make	investments	or	loans,	enter	into	mergers	or	acquisitions,	dispose	of	assets,	pay	dividends	or	make
distributions	on	capital	stock,	pay	indebtedness,	pay	management,	advisory	or	similar	fees	to	affiliates,	enter	into	certain	affiliate	transactions,	enter
into	new	lines	of	business,	and	enter	into	certain	restrictive	agreements,	in	each	case	subject	to	customary	exceptions.	The	DOE	Loan	Facility
documents	also	contained	customary	financial	covenants	requiring	us	to	maintain	a	minimum	ratio	of	current	assets	to	current	liabilities,	and	(i)	a	limit
on	capital	expenditures,	(ii)	from	December	31,	2013,	a	maximum	leverage	ratio,	a	minimum	interest	coverage	ratio,	a	minimum	fixed	charge	coverage
ratio,	and	(iii)	from	March	31,	2014,	a	maximum	ratio	of	total	liabilities	to	shareholder	equity.	We	were	in	compliance	with	our	current	applicable
financial	covenants	as	of	March	31,	2013.	The	DOE	Loan	Facility	documents	also	contained	customary	events	of	default,	subject	in	some	cases	to
customary	cure	periods	for	certain	defaults.	In	addition,	events	of	default	included	a	failure	of	Elon	Musk,	our	Chief	Executive	Officer	(CEO),	and
certain	of	his	affiliates,	at	any	time	prior	to	one	year	after	we	would	complete	the	project	relating	to	the	Model	S	Facility,	to	own	at	least	65%	of	capital
stock	held	by	Mr.	Musk	and	such	affiliates	as	of	the	date	of	the	DOE	Loan	Facility.	As	part	of	the	amendment	to	the	DOE	Loan	Facility	in	March	2013,
we	agreed	to,	among	other	things,	(i)	make	an	early	payment	of	approximately	1.0%	of	the	outstanding	principal	under	the	DOE	Loan	Facility	on	or
before	June	15,	2013,	(ii)	make	additional	quarterly	prepayments	equal	to:	20%	of	our	excess	cash	flow	for	each	quarter	of	fiscal	2015;	and	35%	of	our
excess	cash	flow	for	each	quarter	of	fiscal	2016	and	2017.
Under	the	DOE	Loan	Facility,	we	had	agreed	to	pre-fund	a	dedicated	debt	service	reserve	account	with	our	planned	loan	repayments	as	required
by	the	DOE	loan	facility.	As	of	December	31,	2012,	$14.9	million	was	held	in	this	dedicated	account	and	classified	this	cash	as	current	restricted	cash	on
the	consolidated	balance	sheet.
DOE	Warrant	Expiration
In	connection	with	the	closing	of	the	DOE	Loan	Facility,	we	issued	in	January	2010	a	warrant	to	the	DOE	to	purchase	up	to	9,255,035	shares	of
our	Series	E	convertible	preferred	stock	at	an	exercise	price	of	$2.51	per	share.	Upon	the	completion	of	our	initial	public	offering	on	July	2,	2010,	this
preferred	stock	warrant	became	a	warrant	to	purchase	up	to	3,090,111	shares	of	common	stock	at	an	exercise	price	of	$7.54	per	share.	Since	the
number	of	shares	ultimately	issuable	under	the	warrants	would	vary	depending	on	the	average	outstanding	balance	of	the	loan	during	the	contractual
vesting	period,	and	decisions	to	prepay	would	be	influenced	by	our
	
110Table	of	Contents
future	stock	price	as	well	as	the	interest	rates	on	our	loans	in	relation	to	market	interest	rates,	we	had	historically	measured	the	fair	value	of	the
warrant	using	a	Monte	Carlo	simulation	approach.	The	Monte	Carlo	approach	simulates	and	captures	the	optimal	decisions	to	be	made	between
prepaying	the	DOE	loan	and	the	cancellation	of	the	DOE	warrant.	For	the	purposes	of	the	simulation,	the	optimal	decision	represents	the	scenario	with
the	lowest	economic	cost	to	us.	The	total	warrant	value	would	then	be	calculated	as	the	average	warrant	payoff	across	all	simulated	paths	discounted	to
our	valuation	date.	The	prepayment	feature	which	allowed	us	to	prepay	the	DOE	Loan	Facility,	and	consequently	affected	the	number	of	shares
ultimately	issuable	under	the	DOE	warrant,	was	determined	to	represent	an	embedded	derivative.	This	embedded	derivative	was	inherently	valued	and
accounted	for	as	part	of	the	warrant	liability	on	our	consolidated	balance	sheets.	Changes	to	the	fair	value	of	the	embedded	derivative	were	reflected	as
part	of	the	warrant	liability	re-measurement	to	fair	value	at	each	balance	sheet	reporting	date.	The	warrant	was	recorded	at	its	estimated	fair	value
with	changes	in	its	fair	value	reflected	in	other	income	(expense),	net,	until	its	expiration	or	vesting.	As	of	December	31,	2012,	the	fair	value	of	the	DOE
warrant	was	$10.7	million.	During	the	years	ended	December	31,	2012	and	2011,	we	recognized	expense	for	the	change	in	the	fair	value	of	the	DOE
warrant	in	the	amount	of	$1.9	million	and	$2.8	million	through	other	income	(expense),	net,	in	the	consolidated	statements	of	operations,	respectively.
The	fair	value	of	the	warrant	at	issuance	was	$6.3	million,	and	along	with	the	DOE	Loan	Facility	fee	of	$0.5	million	and	other	debt	issuance	costs	of	$0.9
million,	represented	a	cost	of	closing	the	loan	facility	and	was	being	amortized	to	interest	expense	over	the	expected	term	of	the	DOE	Loan	Facility.
During	the	years	ended	December	31,	2012	and	2011,	we	amortized	$0.6	million	to	interest	expense,	respectively.
As	a	result	of	our	repayment	of	all	outstanding	principal	and	interest	under	the	DOE	Loan	Facility	and	the	termination	of	the	DOE	Loan	Facility	in
May	2013,	the	DOE	warrant	expired.	As	such,	we	recognized	other	income	for	the	change	in	the	fair	value	of	the	DOE	warrant	in	the	amount	of
$10.7	million	for	the	year	ended	December	31,	2013.	Additionally,	we	amortized	all	remaining	unamortized	debt	issuance	costs	of	$5.8	million	related	to
the	DOE	Loan	Facility	to	interest	expense	for	the	year	ended	December	31,	2013.
7.	Common	Stock
In	June	2011,	we	completed	a	follow-on	offering	of	common	stock	in	which	we	sold	a	total	of	6,095,000	shares	of	our	common	stock	and	received
cash	proceeds	of	$172.7	million	from	this	transaction,	net	of	underwriting	discounts.	Concurrent	with	this	offering,	we	also	sold	1,416,000	shares	of	our
common	stock	to	our	CEO	and	637,475	shares	of	our	common	stock	to	Blackstar	Investco	LLC,	an	affiliate	of	Daimler	and	received	total	cash	proceeds
of	$59.1	million	in	the	private	placements.	No	underwriting	discounts	or	commissions	were	paid	in	connection	with	these	private	placements.
In	October	2012,	we	completed	a	follow-on	offering	of	common	stock	in	which	we	sold	a	total	of	7,964,601	shares	of	our	common	stock	and
received	cash	proceeds	of	$222.1	million	(which	included	35,398	shares	or	$1.0	million	sold	to	our	CEO)	from	this	transaction,	net	of	underwriting
discounts	and	offering	costs.
In	May	2013,	we	completed	a	public	offering	of	common	stock	and	sold	a	total	of	3,902,862	shares	of	our	common	stock	for	total	cash	proceeds	of
approximately	$355.1	million	(which	included	487,857	shares	or	$45.0	million	sold	to	our	CEO),	net	of	underwriting	discounts	and	offering	costs.	We
also	sold	596,272	shares	of	our	common	stock	to	our	CEO	and	received	total	cash	proceeds	of	$55.0	million	in	a	private	placement	at	the	public	offering
price.	Concurrent	with	these	equity	transactions,	we	also	issued	$660.0	million	principal	amount	of	1.50%	convertible	senior	notes	in	a	public	offering
and	received	total	cash	proceeds	of	approximately	$648.0	million,	net	of	underwriting	discounts	and	offering	costs	(see	Note	6).
8.	Equity	Incentive	Plans
In	July	2003,	we	adopted	the	2003	Equity	Incentive	Plan.	Concurrent	with	the	effectiveness	of	our	registration	statement	on	Form	S-1	on	June	28,
2010,	we	adopted	the	2010	Equity	Incentive	Plan	(the	Plan)	and	all	remaining	common	shares	reserved	for	future	grant	or	issuance	under	the	2003
Equity	Incentive	Plan	were
	
111Table	of	Contents
added	to	the	2010	Equity	Incentive	Plan.	The	Plan	provides	for	the	granting	of	stock	options,	RSUs	and	stock	purchase	rights	to	our	employees,
directors	and	consultants.	Options	granted	under	the	Plan	may	be	either	incentive	options	or	nonqualified	stock	options.	Incentive	stock	options	may	be
granted	only	to	our	employees	including	officers	and	directors.	Nonqualified	stock	options	and	stock	purchase	rights	may	be	granted	to	our	employees
and	consultants.	Generally,	our	stock	options	and	RSUs	vest	over	four	years	and	are	exercisable	over	a	period	not	to	exceed	the	contractual	term	of	ten
years	from	the	date	the	stock	options	are	granted.	Continued	vesting	typically	terminates	when	the	employment	or	consulting	relationship	ends.	As	of
December	31,	2013,	23,318,526	shares	of	common	stock	were	reserved	for	issuance	under	the	Plan.
The	following	table	summarizes	stock	option	and	RSU	activity	under	the	Plan:
	
	
		
	
	
	
Outstanding	Stock	Options
	
		
Outstanding	RSUs
	
	
		
Shares	Available
for	Grant
	
	
Number	of
Options
	
	
Weighted
Average
Exercise	Price
	
		
Number
of	RSUs
	
	
Weighted
Average	Grant
Date	Fair
Value
	
Balance,	December	31,	2010
		
	
9,407,975
		
	
	
13,738,122
		
	
$
8.62
		
		
	
​		
		
	
$
​		
		
Additional	options	reserved
		
	
3,796,342
		
	
	
​		
		
	
	
​		
		
		
	
​		
		
	
	
​		
		
Granted
		
	
(4,011,973
)	
	
	
4,011,973
		
	
	
27.49
		
		
	
​		
		
	
	
​		
		
Exercised
		
	
​		
		
	
	
(1,216,669
)	
	
	
5.41
		
		
	
​		
		
	
	
​		
		
Cancelled
		
	
726,763
		
	
	
(726,763
)	
	
	
15.26
		
		
	
​		
		
	
	
​		
		
		
	
	
	
		
Balance,	December	31,	2011
		
	
9,919,107
		
	
	
15,806,663
		
	
	
13.35
		
		
	
​		
		
	
	
​		
		
Additional	options	reserved
		
	
1,064,046
		
	
	
​		
		
	
	
​		
		
		
	
​		
		
	
	
​		
		
Granted
		
	
(11,854,941
)	
	
	
11,854,941
		
	
	
31.18
		
		
	
​		
		
	
	
​		
		
Exercised
		
	
	
(1,312,439
)	
	
	
12.52
		
		
	
​		
		
	
	
​		
		
Cancelled
		
	
1,341,319
		
	
	
(1,341,389
)	
	
	
25.51
		
		
	
​		
		
	
	
​		
		
		
	
	
	
		
Balance,	December	31,	2012
		
	
469,531
		
	
	
25,007,776
		
	
	
21.20
		
		
	
​		
		
	
	
​		
		
Additional	options	reserved
		
	
3,426,428
		
	
	
​		
		
	
		
	
​		
		
	
	
​		
		
Granted
		
	
(3,345,899
)	
	
	
2,643,821
		
	
	
74.17
		
		
	
702,078
		
	
	
155.51
		
Exercised
		
	
​		
		
	
	
(3,852,673
)	
	
	
21.42
		
		
	
​		
		
	
	
​		
		
Cancelled
		
	
1,170,445
		
	
	
(1,157,982
)	
	
	
36.47
		
		
	
(12,463
)	
	
	
154.92
		
Released
		
	
​		
		
	
	
​		
		
	
	
​		
		
		
	
(12,031
)	
	
	
160.98
		
		
	
	
	
		
Balance,	December	31,	2013
		
	
1,720,505
		
	
	
22,640,942
		
	
$
26.70
		
		
	
677,584
		
	
$
155.41
		
		
	
	
	
		
In	addition	to	stock	options	issued	from	the	Plan,	there	were	33,333	stock	options	as	of	December	31,	2011,	that	we	had	previously	granted	to
non-employees	outside	of	the	Plan.	These	outstanding	non-employee	options	had	a	weighted	average	exercise	price	of	$1.80	as	of	December	31,	2011.
During	the	year	ended	December	31,	2012,	these	stock	options	were	fully	exercised.
	
112Table	of	Contents
Additional	information	regarding	all	stock	options	outstanding	and	exercisable	as	of	December	31,	2013	is	summarized	below:
	
	
		
Options	Outstanding
	
		
Options	Exercisable
	
Range	of	Exercise	Price
		
Number
	
		
Weighted
Average
Exercise
Price
	
		
Weighted
Average
Remaining
Contractual
Life	(in
years)
	
		
Number
	
		
Weighted
Average
Exercise
Price
	
		
Weighted
Average
Remaining
Contractual
Life	(in
years)
	
$0.15	-	$6.15
		
	
523,182
		
		
$
3.16
		
		
		
	
516,728
		
		
$
3.16
		
		
$6.63	-	$6.63
		
	
7,096,725
		
		
	
6.63
		
		
		
	
7,093,020
		
		
	
6.63
		
		
$9.96	-	$28.35
		
	
2,266,058
		
		
	
22.08
		
		
		
	
1,302,499
		
		
	
19.70
		
		
$28.43	-	$31.07
		
	
2,136,721
		
		
	
29.48
		
		
		
	
864,050
		
		
	
29.24
		
		
$31.07	-	$31.07
		
	
5,715,734
		
		
	
31.17
		
		
		
	
91,541
		
		
	
31.17
		
		
$31.49	-	$34.00
		
	
2,288,998
		
		
	
32.07
		
		
		
	
707,052
		
		
	
31.98
		
		
$34.57	-	$141.60
		
	
2,266,350
		
		
	
60.57
		
		
		
	
127,674
		
		
	
45.62
		
		
$144.70	-	$147.38
		
	
252,945
		
		
	
147.31
		
		
		
	
11,542
		
		
	
147.38
		
		
$160.70	-	$160.70
		
	
18,975
		
		
	
160.70
		
		
		
	
​		
		
		
	
​		
		
		
$179.72	-	$179.72
		
	
75,254
		
		
	
179.72
		
		
		
	
​		
		
		
	
​		
		
		
		
	
	
		
		
	
		
	
22,640,942
		
		
	
26.70
		
		
	
6.37
		
		
	
10,714,106
		
		
	
12.37
		
		
	
4.01
		
		
	
	
		
		
	
Additional	information	regarding	all	stock	options	outstanding	and	exercisable	as	of	December	31,	2012	is	summarized	below:
	
	
		
Options	Outstanding
	
		
Options	Exercisable
	
Range	of	Exercise	Price
		
Number
	
		
Weighted
Average
Exercise
Price
	
		
Weighted
Average
Remaining
Contractual
Life	(in
years)
	
		
Number
	
		
Weighted
Average
Exercise
Price
	
		
Weighted
Average
Remaining
Contractual
Life	(in
years)
	
$0.15	-	$6.15
		
	
1,037,664
		
		
$
3.08
		
		
		
	
924,801
		
		
$
2.98
		
		
$6.63	-	$6.63
		
	
7,475,413
		
		
	
6.63
		
		
		
	
6,456,263
		
		
	
6.63
		
		
$9.96	-	$25.27
		
	
2,682,735
		
		
	
19.00
		
		
		
	
1,446,362
		
		
	
17.98
		
		
$27.25	-	$29.12
		
	
2,522,885
		
		
	
28.18
		
		
		
	
801,246
		
		
	
28.30
		
		
$29.25	-	$31.07
		
	
1,680,276
		
		
	
30.14
		
		
		
	
158,300
		
		
	
30.36
		
		
$31.17	-	$31.17
		
	
5,865,560
		
		
	
31.17
		
		
		
	
19,524
		
		
	
31.17
		
		
$31.49	-	$33.15
		
	
2,686,684
		
		
	
31.80
		
		
		
	
318,914
		
		
	
31.51
		
		$33.22	-	$34.00
		
	
390,314
		
		
	
33.29
		
		
		
	
103,184
		
		
	
33.22
		
		
$34.57	-	$34.57
		
	
475,275
		
		
	
34.57
		
		
		
	
1,750
		
		
	
34.57
		
		
$36.01	-	$36.01
		
	
190,970
		
		
	
36.01
		
		
		
	
1,549
		
		
	
36.01
		
		
	
		
		
	
		
		
	
25,007,776
		
		
	
21.20
		
		
	
6.99
		
		
	
10,231,893
		
		
	
11.07
		
		
	
5.35
		
	
		
		
	
		
The	aggregate	intrinsic	value	represents	the	total	pretax	intrinsic	value	(i.e.,	the	difference	between	our	common	stock	price	and	the	exercise
price,	multiplied	by	the	number	of	in-the-money	options)	that	would	have	been	received	by	the	option	holders	had	all	option	holders	exercised	their
options.	The	aggregate	intrinsic	value	of	options	outstanding	as	of	December	31,	2013	and	2012	was	$2.80	billion	and	$317.7	million,	respectively.	The
intrinsic	value	of	options	exercisable	was	$1.48	billion	and	$233.3	million,	and	the	intrinsic	value	of	options	vested	and	expected	to	vest	was	$2.80
billion	and	$280.7	million	as	of	December	31,	2013	and	2012,	respectively.	The	total	intrinsic	value	of	options	exercised	was	$294.0	million	and	$35.1
million	for	the	years	ended	December	31,	2013	and	2012,	respectively.	The	aggregate	intrinsic	value	of	RSUs	outstanding	as	of	December	31,	2013	was
$101.9	million.
	
113Table	of	Contents
Fair	Value	Adoption
We	utilize	the	fair	value	method	in	recognizing	stock-based	compensation	expense.	Under	the	fair	value	method,	we	estimated	the	fair	value	of
each	option	award	and	the	ESPP	on	the	grant	date	generally	using	the	Black-Scholes	option	pricing	model	and	the	weighted	average	assumptions	noted
in	the	following	table.
	
	
		
Year	Ended	December	31,
	
	
		
2013
	
	
2012
	
	
2011
	
Risk-free	interest	rate:
		
	
	
Stock	options
		
	
1.3
%	
	
	
1.0
%	
	
	
2.0
%	
ESPP
		
	
0.1
%	
	
	
0.2
%	
	
	
0.2
%	
Expected	term	(in	years):
		
	
	
Stock	options
		
	
6.1
		
	
	
5.9
		
	
	
6.0
		
ESPP
		
	
0.5
		
	
	
0.5
		
	
	
0.5
		
Expected	volatility:
		
	
	
Stock	options
		
	
57
%	
	
	
63
%	
	
	
70
%	
ESPP
		
	
43
%	
	
	
51
%	
	
	
59
%	
Dividend	yield:
		
	
	
Stock	options
		
	
0.0
%	
	
	
0.0
%	
	
	
0.0
%	
ESPP
		
	
0.0
%	
	
	
0.0
%	
	
	
0.0
%	
The	weighted-average	grant-date	fair	value	for	option	awards	granted	during	the	years	ended	December	31,	2013,	2012	and	2011	was	$40.72,
$16.37	and	$17.43	per	share,	respectively.	The	weighted-average	grant-date	fair	value	for	ESPP	granted	during	the	years	ended	December	31,	2013,
2012	and	2011	was	$19.22,	$8.99	and	$7.52	per	share,	respectively.	The	fair	value	of	RSUs	is	measured	on	the	grant	date	based	on	the	closing	fair
market	value	of	our	common	stock.
Performance-Based	Stock	Options
In	December	2009,	our	Board	of	Directors	approved	an	option	grant	to	our	CEO	representing	4%	of	our	fully-diluted	share	base	prior	to	such
grant	as	of	the	grant	date,	or	3,355,986	stock	options,	with	1/4th	of	the	shares	vesting	immediately,	and	1/36th	of	the	remaining	shares	scheduled	to
vest	each	month	over	three	years,	assuming	continued	employment	through	each	vesting	date	in	recognition	of	his	and	our	company​s	achievements	and
to	create	incentives	for	future	success.	In	addition,	to	create	incentives	for	the	attainment	of	clear	performance	objectives	around	a	key	element	of	our
business	plan​	the	successful	launch	and	commercialization	of	Model	S​the	Board	of	Directors	approved	an	additional	option	grant	to	our	CEO	totaling	an
additional	4%	of	our	fully-diluted	shares	prior	to	such	grant	as	of	the	grant	date,	or	3,355,986	stock	options,	with	a	vesting	schedule	based	entirely	on
the	attainment	of	performance	objectives	as	follows,	assuming	our	CEO​s	continued	employment	and	service	to	us	through	each	vesting	date:
	
	
	
1/4th	of	the	shares	subject	to	the	option	are	scheduled	to	vest	upon	the	successful	completion	of	Model	S	Engineering	Prototype;
	
	
	
1/4th	of	the	shares	subject	to	the	option	are	scheduled	to	vest	upon	the	successful	completion	of	Model	S	Validation	Prototype;
	
	
	
1/4th	of	the	shares	subject	to	the	option	are	scheduled	to	vest	upon	the	completion	of	the	first	Model	S	Production	Vehicle;	and
	
	
	
1/4th	of	the	shares	subject	to	the	option	are	scheduled	to	vest	upon	the	completion	of	the	10,000th	Model	S	Production	Vehicle.Through	December	31,	2013,	all	performance	milestones	were	achieved.	Stock-based	compensation	expense	related	to	this	grant	to	our	CEO	was
$0.4	million,	$4.2	million	and	$6.3	million	for	the	years	ended	December	31,	2013,	2012	and	2011,	respectively.
	
114Table	of	Contents
Our	Board	of	Directors	also	approved	option	grants	in	June	and	September	2010	to	purchase	our	common	stock	of	666,300	and	20,000,
respectively,	to	various	members	of	our	senior	management	with	a	vesting	schedule	based	entirely	on	the	attainment	of	the	same	performance
objectives	as	those	outlined	for	our	CEO	above.	During	the	years	ended	December	31,	2013,	2012	and	2011,	we	recognized	$0.8	million,	$1.4	million
and	$4.9	million,	respectively,	of	stock-based	compensation	expense	related	to	the	attainment	of	these	performance	objectives.
In	August	2012,	our	Board	of	Directors	granted	5,274,901	stock	options	to	our	CEO	(2012	CEO	Grant).	The	2012	CEO	Grant	consists	of	ten
vesting	tranches	with	a	vesting	schedule	based	entirely	on	the	attainment	of	both	performance	conditions	and	market	conditions,	assuming	continued
employment	and	service	to	us	through	each	vesting	date.
Each	of	the	vesting	tranches	requires	a	combination	of	one	of	the	ten	pre-determined	performance	milestones	outlined	below	and	an	incremental
increase	in	our	market	capitalization	of	$4.0	billion,	as	compared	to	the	initial	market	capitalization	of	$3.2	billion	measured	at	the	time	of	the	2012
CEO	Grant.
	
	
	
Successful	completion	of	the	Model	X	Engineering	Prototype	(Alpha);
	
	
	
Successful	completion	of	the	Model	X	Vehicle	Prototype	(Beta);
	
	
	
Completion	of	the	first	Model	X	Production	Vehicle;
	
	
	
Successful	completion	of	the	Gen	III	Engineering	Prototype	(Alpha);
	
	
	
Successful	completion	of	the	Gen	III	Vehicle	Prototype	(Beta);
	
	
	
Completion	of	the	first	Gen	III	Production	Vehicle;
	
	
	
Gross	margin	of	30%	or	more	for	four	consecutive	quarters;
	
	
	
Aggregate	vehicle	production	of	100,000	vehicles;
	
	
	
Aggregate	vehicle	production	of	200,000	vehicles;	and
	
	
	
Aggregate	vehicle	production	of	300,000	vehicles.
The	term	of	the	2012	CEO	Grant	is	ten	years,	so	any	tranches	that	remain	unvested	at	the	expiration	of	the	2012	CEO	Grant	will	be	forfeited.	In
addition,	unvested	options	will	be	forfeited	if	our	CEO	is	no	longer	in	that	role,	whether	for	cause	or	otherwise.
We	measured	the	fair	value	of	the	2012	CEO	Grant	using	a	Monte	Carlo	simulation	approach	with	the	following	assumptions:	risk-free	interest
rate	of	1.65%,	expected	term	of	ten	years,	expected	volatility	of	55%	and	dividend	yield	of	0%.
Stock-based	compensation	expense	associated	with	the	2012	CEO	Grant	is	recognized	for	each	pair	of	performance	and	market	conditions	over
the	longer	of	the	expected	achievement	period	of	the	performance	and	market	conditions,	beginning	at	the	point	in	time	that	the	relevant	performance
condition	is	considered	probable	of	being	met.
As	of	December	31,	2013,	the	market	conditions	for	three	vesting	tranches	were	achieved	and	the	following	three	performance	milestones	were
considered	probable	of	achievement:
	
	
	
Successful	completion	of	the	Model	X	Engineering	Prototype	(Alpha);
	
	
	
Successful	completion	of	the	Model	X	Vehicle	Prototype	(Beta);
	
	
	
Completion	of	the	first	Model	X	Production	Vehicle.
	
115Table	of	Contents
None	of	the	stock	options	granted	under	the	2012	CEO	Grant	has	vested	thus	far	as	the	performance	milestones	have	not	yet	been	achieved	as	of
December	31,	2013.
	However,	as	the	above	three	performance	milestones	were	considered	probable	of	achievement,	we	recorded	stock-based
compensation	expense	of	$14.5	million	and	$1.3	million	for	the	years	ended	December	31,	2013	and	2012,	respectively.
Additionally,	no	cash	compensation	has	been	received	by	our	CEO	for	his	services	to	the	company.
Summary	Stock	Based	Compensation	Information
The	following	table	summarizes	the	stock-based	compensation	expense	by	line	item	in	the	consolidated	statements	of	operations	(in	thousands):
	
	
		
Year	Ended	December	31,
	
	
		
2013
	
		
2012
	
		
2011
	
Cost	of	sales
		
$
9,071
		
		
$
2,194
		
		
$
670
		
Research	and	development
		
	
35,494
		
		
	
26,580
		
		
	
13,377
		
Selling,	general	and	administrative
		
	
39,090
		
		
	
21,371
		
		
	
15,372
		
	
		
	
		
	
Total
		
$
83,655
		
		
$
50,145
		
		
$
29,419
		
	
		
	
		
	
We	realized	no	income	tax	benefit	from	stock	option	exercises	in	each	of	the	periods	presented	due	to	recurring	losses	and	valuation	allowances.
As	required,	we	present	excess	tax	benefits	from	the	exercise	of	stock	options,	if	any,	as	financing	cash	flows	rather	than	operating	cash	flows.
As	of	December	31,	2013,	we	had	$227.3	million	of	total	unrecognized	compensation	expense,	net,	of	estimated	forfeitures,	that	will	be
recognized	over	a	weighted-average	period	of	5.2	years.
Employee	Stock	Purchase	Plan
Employees	are	eligible	to	purchase	common	stock	through	payroll	deductions	of	up	to	15%	of	their	eligible	compensation,	subject	to	any	plan
limitations.	The	purchase	price	of	the	shares	on	each	purchase	date	is	equal	to	85%	of	the	lower	of	the	fair	market	value	of	our	common	stock	on	the
first	and	last	trading	days	of	each	six-month	offering	period.	During	the	years	ended	December	31,	2013	and	2012,	518,743	and	373,526	shares	were
issued	under	the	ESPP	for	$13.8	million	and	$8.4	million,	respectively.	A	total	of	3,615,749	shares	of	common	stock	have	been	reserved	for	issuance
under	the	ESPP,	and	there	were	2,500,022	shares	available	for	issuance	under	the	ESPP	as	of	December	31,	2013.
9.	Income	Taxes
A	provision	for	income	taxes	of	$2.6	million,	$0.1	million	and	$0.5	million	has	been	recognized	for	the	years	ended	December	31,	2013,	2012	and
2011,	respectively,	related	primarily	to	our	subsidiaries	located	outside	of	the	United	States.	Our	net	loss	before	provision	for	income	taxes	for	the	years
ended	December	31,	2013,	2012	and	2011	were	as	follows	(in	thousands):
	
	
		
Year	Ended	December	31,
	
	
		
2013
	
	
2012
	
	
2011
	
Domestic
		
$
75,279
		
	
$
396,549
		
	
$
254,761
		
International
		
	
(3,853
)	
	
	
(472
)	
	
	
(839
)	
	
	
	
	
	
Loss	before	income	taxes
		
$
71,426
		
	
$
396,077
		
	
$
253,922
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
116Table	of	Contents
The	components	of	the	provision	for	income	taxes	for	the	years	ended	December	31,	2013,	2012	and	2011,	consisted	of	the	following	(in
thousands):
	
	
		
Year	Ended	December	31,
	
	
		
2013
	
		
2012
	
	
2011
	
Current:
		
		
	
Federal
		
$
​		
		
		
$
​		
		
	
$
​		
		
State
		
	
178
		
		
	
23
		
	
	
29
		
Foreign
		
	
2,349
		
		
	
282
		
	
	
437
		
	
		
	
Total	current
		
	
2,527
		
		
	
305
		
	
	
466
		
	
		
	
Deferred:
		
		
	
Federal
		
	
​		
		
		
	
​		
		
	
	
​		
		
State
		
	
​		
		
		
	
​		
		
	
	
​		
		
Foreign
		
	
61
		
		
	
(169
)	
	
	
23
		
	
		
	
Total	deferred
		
	
61
		
		
	
(169
)	
	
	
23
		
	
		
	
Total	provision	for	income	taxes
		
$
2,588
		
		
$
136
		
	
$
489
		
	
		
	
Deferred	tax	assets	(liabilities)	as	of	December	31,	2013	and	2012	consisted	of	the	following	(in	thousands):
	
	
		
December	31,
2013
	
	
December	31,
2012
	
Deferred	tax	assets:
		
	
Net	operating	loss	carry-forwards
		
$
341,172
		
	
$
365,472
		
Research	and	development	credits
		
	
32,175
		
	
	
21,427
		
Other	tax	credits
		
	
166
		
	
	
120
		
Deferred	revenue
		
	
42,491
		
	
	
719
		
Inventory	and	warranty	reserves
		
	
23,260
		
	
	
8,272
		
Depreciation	and	amortization
		
	
68
		
	
	
74
		
Stock-based	compensation
		
	
27,663
		
	
	
18,135
		
Convertible	debt
		
	
22,930
		
	
	
​		
		Accruals	and	others
		
	
21,795
		
	
	
5,314
		
	
	
	
	
Total	deferred	tax	assets
		
	
511,720
		
	
	
419,533
		
Valuation	allowance
		
	
(472,375
)	
	
	
(403,006
)	
	
	
	
	
Deferred	tax	assets,	net	of	valutaion	allowance
		
	
39,345
		
	
	
16,527
		
Deferred	tax	liabilities:
		
	
Section	481(a)	and	others
		
	
		
	
	
(400
)	
Depreciation	and	amortization
		
	
(39,244
)	
	
	
(15,961
)	
	
	
	
	
Total	deferred	tax	liabilities
		
	
(39,244
)	
	
	
(16,361
)	
Deferred	tax	assets,	net	of	valuation	allowance	and	deferred	tax	liabilities
		
$
101
		
	
$
166
		
	
	
	
	
We	have	revised	our	deferred	tax	assets	as	of	December	31,	2012	to	correct	immaterial	errors.	Such	revisions	did	not	change	the	amount	of
deferred	tax	assets,	net	of	valuation	allowance	and	deferred	tax	liabilities	presented	in	the	prior	year.
	
117Table	of	Contents
Reconciliation	of	statutory	federal	income	taxes	to	our	effective	taxes	for	the	years	ended	December	31,	2013,	2012	and	2011	is	as	follows	(in
thousands):
	
	
		
Year	Ended	December	31,
	
	
		
2013
	
	
2012
	
	
2011
	
Tax	at	statutory	federal	rate
		
$
(25,001
)	
	
$
(134,702
)	
	
$
(86,333
)	
State	tax,	net	of	federal	benefit
		
	
178
		
	
	
(12,580
)	
	
	
(8,118
)	
Nondeductible	expenses
		
	
733
		
	
	
9,897
		
	
	
10,742
		
Foreign	income	rate	differential
		
	
(253
)	
	
	
262
		
	
	
(56
)	
U.S.	tax	credits
		
	
(6,682
)	
	
	
(2,785
)	
	
	
(5,049
)	
Other	reconciling	items
		
	
1,317
		
	
	
525
		
	
	
1,589
		
Change	in	valuation	allowance
		
	
32,296
		
	
	
139,519
		
	
	
87,714
		
		
	
Provision	for	income	taxes
		
$
2,588
		
	
$
136
		
	
$
489
		
		
	
Management	believes	that	based	on	the	available	information,	it	is	more	likely	than	not	that	the	deferred	tax	assets	will	not	be	realized,	such	that
a	full	valuation	allowance	is	required	against	all	U.S.	deferred	tax	assets.
As	of	December	31,	2013,	we	had	approximately	$1.13	billion	of	federal	and	$663.5	million	of	California	operating	loss	carry-forwards	available	to
offset	future	taxable	income,	$246.0	million	of	which	is	associated	with	windfall	tax	benefits	that	will	be	recorded	as	additional	paid-in	capital	when
realized.	These	carryforwards	will	expire	in	varying	amounts	beginning	in	2024	for	federal	and	2019	for	state	if	unused.	Additionally,	we	have	research
and	development	tax	credits	of	approximately	$23.5	million	and	$26.1	million	for	federal	and	state	income	tax	purposes,	respectively.	If	not	utilized,	the
federal	carry-forwards	will	expire	in	various	amounts	beginning	in	2019.	However,	the	state	credits	can	be	carried	forward	indefinitely.
We	have	indefinitely	reinvested	$5.1	million	of	undistributed	earnings	of	our	foreign	operations	outside	of	our	U.S.	tax	jurisdiction	as	of
December	31,	2013.	No	deferred	tax	liability	has	been	recognized	for	the	remittance	of	such	earnings	to	the	United	States	since	it	is	our	intention	to
utilize	these	earnings	to	fund	future	foreign	expansions	including	but	not	limited	to,	hiring	of	additional	personnel,	capital	purchases,	expansion	into
larger	facilities,	and	potential	new	dealerships.
Federal	and	state	laws	can	impose	substantial	restrictions	on	the	utilization	of	net	operating	loss	and	tax	credit	carry-forwards	in	the	event	of	an
​ownership	change,​	as	defined	in	Section	382	of	the	Internal	Revenue	Code.	We	performed	a	study	and	had	determined	that	no	significant	limitation
would	be	placed	on	the	utilization	of	our	net	operating	loss	and	tax	credit	carry-forwards	as	a	result	of	prior	ownership	changes.
Uncertain	Tax	Positions
The	aggregate	changes	in	the	balance	of	our	gross	unrecognized	tax	benefits	during	the	years	ended	December	31,	2013,	2012	and	2011	were	as
follows	(in	thousands):
	
December	31,	2010
		
	
16,393
		
Increases	in	balances	related	to	tax	positions	taken	during	current	year
		
	
1,037
		
		
	
December	31,	2011
		
	
17,430
		
Increases	in	balances	related	to	tax	positions	taken	during	current	year
		
	
640
		
		
	
December	31,	2012
		
	
18,070
		
Decreases	in	balances	related	to	prior	year	tax	positions
		
	
(7,802
)	
Increases	in	balances	related	to	current	year	tax	positions		
	
3,102
		
		
	
December	31,	2013
		
$
13,370
		
		
	
	
118Table	of	Contents
The	decreases	in	our	gross	unrecognized	tax	benefit	during	the	year	ended	December	31,	2013	primarily	related	to	prior	year	errors	identified	in
the	current	year.	Accrued	interest	and	penalties	related	to	unrecognized	tax	benefits	are	classified	as	income	tax	expense	and	was	immaterial.	As	of
December	31,	2013,	unrecognized	tax	benefits	of	$11.8	million,	if	recognized,	would	not	affect	our	effective	tax	rate	as	the	tax	benefits	would	increase	a
deferred	tax	asset	which	is	currently	fully	offset	with	a	full	valuation	allowance.	We	do	not	anticipate	that	the	amount	of	existing	unrecognized	tax
benefits	will	significantly	increase	or	decrease	within	the	next	12	months.	We	file	income	tax	returns	in	the	United	States,	California,	various	states	and
foreign	jurisdictions.	Tax	years	2003	to	2012	remain	subject	to	examination	for	federal	purposes,	and	tax	years	2003	to	2012	remain	subject	to
examination	for	California	purposes.	All	net	operating	losses	and	tax	credits	generated	to	date	are	subject	to	adjustment	for	U.S.	federal	and	California
purposes.	Tax	years	2007	to	2012	remain	open	for	examination	in	other	U.S.	state	and	foreign	jurisdictions.
10.	Information	about	Geographic	Areas
We	have	determined	that	we	operate	as	one	reportable	segment	which	is	the	design,	development,	manufacturing	and	sales	of	electric	vehicles
and	electric	vehicle	powertrain	components.
The	following	tables	set	forth	revenues	and	long-lived	assets	by	geographic	area	(in	thousands).
Revenues
	
	
		
Year	Ended	December	31,
	
	
		
2013
	
		
2012
	
		
2011
	
North	America
		
$
1,545,413
		
		
$
355,325
		
		
$
109,233
		
Europe
		
	
467,079
		
		
	
50,318
		
		
	
84,397
		
Asia
		
	
1,004
		
		
	
7,613
		
		
	
10,612
		
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
Total
		
$
2,013,496
		
		
$
413,256
		
		
$
204,242
		
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
During	the	years	ended	December	31,	2013,	2012	and	2011,	we	recognized	revenues	of	$1.5	billion,	$341.5	million	and	$103.9	million	in	the
United	States,	respectively.	During	the	year	ended	December	31,	2013,	we	recognized	revenues	of	$217.1	million	in	Norway.
Long-lived	Assets
	
	
		
December	31,
2013
	
		
December	31,
2012
	
United	States
		
$
1,091,487
		
		
$
552,302
		
International
		
	
29,432
		
		
	
9,998
		
		
	
	
Total
		
$
1,120,919
		
		
$
562,300
		
		
	
	
11.	Strategic	Partnerships
Daimler	AG
Daimler	Mercedes-Benz	EV	Program
During	the	fourth	quarter	of	2011,	Daimler	engaged	us	to	assist	with	the	development	of	a	full	electric	powertrain	for	a	Daimler	Mercedes-Benz
B-Class	EV	vehicle.	In	2012,	we	received	two	purchase	orders	from	Daimler	to	begin	development	work	and	also	entered	into	a	separate	development
agreement.	Pursuant	to	the	development	agreement,	Daimler	would	pay	us	up	to	$33.2	million	for	the	successful	completion	of	certain	at	risk
development	milestones	and	the	delivery	of	prototype	samples.	During	the	years	ended	December	31,	2013	and	2012,	we	completed	various	milestones
and	delivered	prototype	samples	and	recognized	$15.7	million	and	$15.9	million	in	development	services	revenue,	respectively.
	
119Table	of	Contents
Toyota	Motor	Corporation
Toyota	RAV4	Program
In	July	2010,	we	and	Toyota	entered	into	a	Phase	0	agreement	to	initiate	development	of	an	electric	powertrain	for	the	Toyota	RAV4.	Under	this
early	phase	development	agreement,	prototypes	were	made	by	us	by	combining	the	Toyota	RAV4	model	with	a	Tesla	electric	powertrain.
During	the	year	ended	December	31,	2011,	we	recognized	$7.6	million	in	development	services	revenue.	As	of	December	31,	2011,	we	had
delivered	all	prototypes;	therefore,	no	additional	Phase	0	revenue	was	recognized	during	the	years	ended	December	31,	2013	and	2012.
In	October	2010,	we	entered	into	a	Phase	1	contract	services	agreement	with	Toyota	for	the	development	of	a	validated	powertrain	system,
including	a	battery	pack,	power	electronics	module,	motor,	gearbox	and	associated	software	to	be	integrated	into	an	electric	vehicle	version	of	the
Toyota	RAV4.	Toyota	paid	$60.1	million	for	the	successful	completion	of	certain	at	risk	development	milestones	and	the	delivery	of	prototype	samples,
including	a	$5.0	million	upfront	payment	that	we	received	upon	the	execution	of	the	agreement.	During	the	years	ended	December	31,	2012	and	2011,
we	completed	various	milestones	and	along	with	the	amortization	of	our	upfront	payment	and	the	delivery	of	certain	prototype	samples,	we	recognized
$10.7	million	and	$47.4	million	in	development	services	revenue,	respectively.	As	of	March	31,	2012,	all	development	milestones	under	the	Phase	1
agreement	had	been	completed;	therefore,	no	additional	revenue	was	recognized	during	the	year	ended	December	31,	2013.
In	July	2011,	we	entered	into	a	supply	and	services	agreement	with	Toyota	for	the	supply	of	a	validated	electric	powertrain	system,	including	a
battery	pack,	charging	system,	inverter,	motor,	gearbox	and	associated	software,	which	will	be	integrated	into	an	electric	vehicle	version	of	the	Toyota
RAV4.	Additionally,	we	will	provide	Toyota	with	certain	services	related	to	the	supply	of	the	electric	powertrain	system.	During	the	three	months	ended
March	31,	2012,	we	began	delivering	electric	powertrain	systems	to	Toyota.	During	the	years	ended	December	31,	2013	and	2012,	we	recognized
revenue	of	$42.9	million	and	$29.1	million	in	automotive	sales	related	to	these	sales,	respectively.	Our	production	activities	under	this	program	are
expected	to	continue	through	2014.
12.	Commitments	and	Contingencies
Operating	Leases
Our	corporate	headquarters	and	powertrain	production	operations	are	based	in	Palo	Alto,	California	where	we	have	leased	a	facility	consisting	of
350,000	square	feet.	This	lease	expires	in	January	2020.	We	have	leased	a	203,772	square	feet	manufacturing	facility	in	Tilburg,	Netherlands	through
November	2023.	We	have	also	leased	a	number	of	properties	in	North	America,	Europe	and	Asia	for	our	office,	retail	and	service	locations	as	well	as
Supercharger	sites	under	non-cancelable	operating	leases	with	various	expiration	dates	through	December	2022.
Rent	expense	for	the	years	ended	December	31,	2013,	2012	and	2011	was	$21.5	million,	$12.1	million	and	$8.6	million,	respectively.
Capital	Leases
We	have	entered	into	various	agreements	to	lease	equipment	under	capital	leases	over	terms	between	36	and	60	months.	The	equipment	under
the	leases	are	collateral	for	the	lease	obligations	and	are	included	within	property,	plant	and	equipment,	net,	on	the	consolidated	balance	sheets	under
the	categories	of	computer	equipment	and	software	and	office	furniture	and	equipment.
	
120Table	of	Contents
Future	minimum	commitments	for	leases	as	of	December	31,	2013	are	as	follows	(in	thousands):
	
	
		
Operating
Leases
	
		
Capital
Leases
	
2014
		
$
27,004
		
		
$
8,927
		
2015
		
	
27,372
		
		
	
7,752
		
2016
		
	
26,621
		
		
	
4,512
		
2017
		
	
24,706
		
		
	
595
		
2018	and	thereafter
		
	
55,785
		
		
	
4
		
		
	
Total	minimum	lease	payments
		
$
161,488
		
		
	
21,790
		
		
Less:	Amounts	representing	interest	not	yet	incurred
		
		
	
1,205
		
		
	
Present	value	of	capital	lease	obligations
		
		
	
20,585
		
Less:	Current	portion
		
		
	
7,723
		
		
	
Long-term	portion	of	capital	lease	obligations
		
		
$
12,862
		
		
	
Environmental	Liabilities
In	May	2010,	we	entered	into	an	agreement	to	purchase	an	existing	automobile	production	facility	located	in	Fremont,	California	from	New
United	Motor	Manufacturing,	Inc.	(NUMMI).	NUMMI	has	previously	identified	environmental	conditions	at	the	Fremont	site	which	could	affect	soil	and
groundwater,	and	until	recently,	were	undertaking	efforts	to	address	these	conditions.	These	conditions	are	now	being	addressed	by	us	and	NUMMI.
Although	we	have	been	advised	by	NUMMI	that	it	has	documented	and	managed	the	environmental	issues	and	we	completed	a	reasonable	level	of
diligence	on	such	environmental	issues	at	the	time	we	purchased	the	facility,	we	cannot	determine	the	potential	costs	to	remediate	any	pre-existing
contamination	with	any	certainty.	Based	on	management​s	best	estimate,	at	the	time	of	the	facility	purchase,	we	estimated	the	fair	value	of	the
environmental	liabilities	that	we	assumed	to	be	$5.3	million.	The	fair	value	of	these	liabilities	was	determined	based	on	an	expected	value	analysis	of	the
related	potential	costs	to	investigate,	remediate	and	manage	various	environmental	conditions	that	were	identified	as	part	of	NUMMI​s	facility
decommissioning	activities	as	well	as	our	own	diligence	efforts.
We	reached	an	agreement	with	NUMMI	under	which,	over	a	ten	year	period,	we	will	pay	the	first	$15.0	million	of	any	costs	of	any
governmentally-required	remediation	activities	for	contamination	that	existed	prior	to	the	completion	of	the	facility	and	land	purchase	for	any	known	or
unknown	environmental	conditions,	and	NUMMI	has	agreed	to	pay	the	next	$15.0	million	for	such	remediation	activities.	Our	agreement	provides,	in
part,	that	NUMMI	will	pay	up	to	the	first	$15.0	million	on	our	behalf	if	such	expenses	are	incurred	in	the	first	four	years	of	our	agreement,	subject	to
our	reimbursement	of	such	costs	on	the	fourth	anniversary	date	of	the	closing.	Through	December	31	2013,	remediation	costs	of	$2.1	million	had	been
incurred	by	NUMMI;	therefore,	we	classified	$2.1	million	of	our	$5.3	million	environmental	liabilities	to	accrued	liabilities	on	our	consolidated	balance
sheet	as	of	December	31,	2013.
On	the	ten-year	anniversary	of	the	closing	or	whenever	$30.0	million	has	been	spent	on	the	remediation	activities,	whichever	comes	first,
NUMMI​s	liability	to	us	with	respect	to	remediation	activities	ceases,	and	we	are	responsible	for	any	and	all	environmental	conditions	at	the	Fremont
site.	At	that	point	in	time,	we	have	agreed	to	indemnify,	defend,	and	hold	harmless	NUMMI	from	all	liability	and	we	have	released	NUMMI	for	any
known	or	unknown	claims	except	for	NUMMI​s	obligations	for	representations	and	warranties	under	the	agreement.	As	of	December	31,	2013	and	2012,
we	accrued	a	total	of	$5.5	million	and	$5.3	million	related	to	these	environmental	liabilities,	respectively.	As	we	continue	with	our	construction	and
operating	activities,	it	is	reasonably	possible	that	our	estimate	of	environmental	liabilities	may	change	materially.
From	time	to	time,	we	are	subject	to	various	legal	proceedings	that	arise	from	the	normal	course	of	business	activities.	In	addition,	from	time	to
time,	third	parties	may	assert	intellectual	property	infringement	claims
	
121Table	of	Contents
against	us	in	the	form	of	letters	and	other	forms	of	communication.	If	an	unfavorable	ruling	were	to	occur,	there	exists	the	possibility	of	a	material
adverse	impact	on	our	results	of	operations,	prospects,	cash	flows,	financial	position	and	brand.
In	November	2013,	a	putative	securities	class	action	lawsuit	was	filed	against	Tesla	in	U.S.	District	Court,	Northern	District	of	California,	alleging
violations	of,	and	seeking	remedies	pursuant	to,	Sections	10(b)	and	20(a)	of	the	Securities	Exchange	Act	of	1934	and	Rule	10b-5.	The	claims	were
originally	asserted	against	Tesla	and	two	of	its	executive	officers.	The	current	complaint	seeks	damages,	attorney	fees	and	other	relief,	and	alleges,
among	other	things,	that	Tesla	made	false	and/or	misleading	representations	and	omissions	including	with	respect	to	the	safety	of	the	Model	S	vehicle
and	Tesla​s	ability	to	meet	public	expectations	with	respect	to	its	financial	performance.	The	current	complaint	is	brought	on	behalf	of	a	putative	class
consisting	of	​all	persons	other	than	Defendants	who	purchased	Tesla​s	securities	between	May	10,	2013	and	November	6,	2013,	inclusive.​	We	believe
this	lawsuit	is	without	merit	and	intend	to	defend	against	it	vigorously.	As	we	are	currently	unable	to	predict	the	outcome	of	this	lawsuit,	it	is	not
possible	for	us	to	determine	whether	there	is	a	reasonable	possibility	that	a	loss	has	been	incurred	nor	can	we	estimate	the	range	of	any	potential	loss.
13.	Subsequent	Events
Performance-based	Stock	Option	Grant
In	January	2014,	to	create	incentives	for	continued	long	term	success	beyond	the	Model	S	program	and	to	closely	align	executive	pay	with	our
stockholders​	interests	in	the	achievement	of	significant	milestones	by	our	company,	the	Compensation	Committee	of	our	Board	of	Directors	granted
stock	options	to	certain	employees	to	purchase	782,500	shares	of	our	common	stock.	Each	such	grant	consists	of	four	vesting	tranches	with	a	vesting
schedule	based	entirely	on	the	attainment	of	future	performance	milestones,	assuming	continued	employment	and	service	to	us	through	each	vesting
date.
	
	
	
1/4th	of	the	shares	subject	to	the	options	are	scheduled	to	vest	upon	completion	of	the	first	Model	X	Production	Vehicle;
	
	
	
1/4th	of	the	shares	subject	to	the	options	are	scheduled	to	vest	upon	achieving	aggregate	vehicle	production	of	100,000	vehicles	in	a
trailing	12-month	period;
	
	
	
1/4th	of	the	shares	subject	to	the	options	are	scheduled	to	vest	upon	completion	of	the	first	Gen	III	Production	Vehicle;	and
	
	
	
1/4th	of	the	shares	subject	to	the	options	are	scheduled	to	vest	upon	achievement	of	annualized	gross	margin	of	greater	than	30.0%	in	any
three	years.
	
122Table	of	Contents
14.	Quarterly	Results	of	Operations	(Unaudited)
The	following	table	includes	selected	quarterly	results	of	operations	data	for	the	years	ended	December	31,	2013	and	2012	(in	thousands,	except
per	share	data):
	
	
		
Three	months	ended
	
	
		
March	31
	
	
June	30
	
	
September	30
	
	
December	31
	
2013
		
	
	
	
Total	revenues
		
$
561,792
		
	
$
405,139
		
	
$
431,346
		
	
$
615,219
		
Gross	profit
		
	
96,320
		
	
	
100,483
		
	
	
102,868
		
	
	
156,590
		
Net	income	(loss)
		
	
11,248
		
	
	
(30,502
)	
	
	
(38,496
)	
	
	
(16,264
)	
Net	income	(loss)	per	share,	basic
		
	
0.10
		
	
	
(0.26
)	
	
	
(0.32
)	
	
	
(0.13
)	
Net	income	(loss)	per	share,	diluted
		
	
0.00
		
	
	
(0.26
)	
	
	
(0.32
)	
	
	
(0.13
)	
2012
		
	
	
	
Total	revenues
		
$
30,167
		
	
$
26,653
		
	
$
50,104
		
	
$
306,332
		
Gross	profit	(loss)
		
	
10,210
		
	
	
4,762
		
	
	
(8,761
)	
	
	
23,857
		
Net	loss
		
	
(89,873
)	
	
	
(105,603
)	
	
	
(110,804
)	
	
	
(89,932
)	
Net	loss	per	share,	basic	and	diluted
		
	
(0.86
)	
	
	
(1.00
)	
	
	
(1.05
)	
	
	
(0.79
)	
Net	loss	per	share,	basic	and	diluted	for	the	four	quarters	of	each	fiscal	year	may	not	sum	to	the	total	for	the	fiscal	year	because	of	the	different
numbers	of	shares	outstanding	during	each	period.
	
123Table	of	Contents
ITEM	9.
CHANGES	IN	AND	DISAGREEMENTS	WITH	ACCOUNTANTS	ON	ACCOUNTING	AND	FINANCIAL	DISCLOSURE
Not	applicable.
	
ITEM	9A.
CONTROLS	AND	PROCEDURES
Evaluation	of	Disclosure	Controls	and	Procedures
We	conducted	an	evaluation	as	of	December	31,	2013,	under	the	supervision	and	with	the	participation	of	our	management,	including	our	Chief
Executive	Officer	and	Chief	Financial	Officer,	of	the	effectiveness	of	the	design	and	operation	of	our	disclosure	controls	and	procedures.	Based	upon
that	evaluation,	our	Chief	Executive	Officer	and	Chief	Financial	Officer	concluded	that,	as	of	December	31,	2013,	our	disclosure	controls	and
procedures	were	effective	to	provide	reasonable	assurance.
Management​s	Report	on	Internal	Control	over	Financial	Reporting
Our	management	is	responsible	for	establishing	and	maintaining	adequate	internal	control	over	financial	reporting.	Internal	control	over	financial
reporting	is	a	process	designed	by,	or	under	the	supervision	of,	our	Chief	Executive	Officer	and	Chief	Financial	Officer	to	provide	reasonable	assurance
regarding	the	reliability	of	financial	reporting	and	the	preparation	of	financial	statements	for	external	purposes	in	accordance	with	generally	accepted
accounting	principles	and	includes	those	policies	and	procedures	that	(1)	pertain	to	the	maintenance	of	records	that	in	reasonable	detail	accurately	and
fairly	reflect	the	transactions	and	dispositions	of	our	assets;	(2)	provide	reasonable	assurance	that	transactions	are	recorded	as	necessary	to	permit
preparation	of	financial	statements	in	accordance	with	generally	accepted	accounting	principles,	and	that	our	receipts	and	expenditures	are	being	made
only	in	accordance	with	authorizations	of	our	management	and	directors;	and	(3)	provide	reasonable	assurance	regarding	prevention	or	timely
detection	of	unauthorized	acquisition,	use	or	disposition	of	our	assets	that	could	have	a	material	effect	on	the	financial	statements.
Under	the	supervision	and	with	the	participation	of	our	management,	including	our	Chief	Executive	Officer	and	Chief	Financial	Officer,	we
conducted	an	evaluation	of	the	effectiveness	of	our	internal	control	over	financial	reporting	based	on	criteria	established	in	​Internal	Control​Integrated
Framework	(1992)​	issued	by	the	Committee	of	Sponsoring	Organizations	of	the	Treadway	Commission	(COSO).	Our	management	concluded	that	our
internal	control	over	financial	reporting	was	effective	as	of	December	31,	2013.
Our	independent	registered	public	accounting	firm,	PricewaterhouseCoopers	LLP,	has	audited	the	effectiveness	of	our	internal	control	over
financial	reporting	as	of	December	31,	2013	as	stated	in	their	report	which	is	included	herein.
Remediation	of	Previously	Reported	Material	Weakness
A	material	weakness	is	a	deficiency,	or	a	combination	of	deficiencies,	in	internal	control	over	financial	reporting,	such	that	there	is	a	reasonable
possibility	that	a	material	misstatement	of	our	annual	or	interim	financial	statements	will	not	be	prevented	or	detected	on	a	timely	basis.	For	the	year
ended	December	31,	2012,	it	was	concluded	that	a	material	weakness	existed	in	our	internal	control	over	financial	reporting	related	to	the	presentation
and	disclosure	of	non-cash	capital	expenditures	in	our	consolidated	statements	of	cash	flows.	Specifically,	we	did	not	design	effective	controls	to
determine	and	review	the	total	unpaid	amounts	related	to	capital	expenditures	that	should	have	been	excluded	from	operating	and	investing	activities	in
the	cash	flow	statement	and	disclosed	as	non-cash	items.
This	material	weakness	resulted	in	an	audit	adjustment	related	to	non-cash	capital	expenditures	for	the	year	ended	December	31,	2012,	a
restatement	of	our	condensed	consolidated	statements	of	cash	flows	for	the	periods	ended	March	31,	2012,	June	30,	2012	and	September	30,	2012
including	their	comparative	periods	for	2011,	and	a	revision	of	our	consolidated	financial	statements	for	the	year	ended	December	31,	2011.
	
124Table	of	Contents
In	response	to	the	material	weakness	described	above,	our	financial	reporting	review	process	now	includes,	a	determination	and	review	of	(i)	total
unpaid	amounts	related	to	capital	expenditures	that	should	be	excluded	from	operating	and	investing	activities	in	the	consolidated	statement	of	cash
flows	and	(ii)	the	total	unpaid	amounts	related	to	capital	expenditures	that	should	be	disclosed	as	non-cash	items	in	the	consolidated	statement	of	cash
flows.
Based	on	the	measures	taken	and	implemented,	management	has	tested	the	newly	implemented	control	activities	and	found	them	to	be	effective
and	has	concluded	that	the	material	weakness	described	above	has	been	remediated	as	of	December	31,	2013.
Limitations	on	the	Effectiveness	of	Controls
Because	of	inherent	limitations,	internal	control	over	financial	reporting	may	not	prevent	or	detect	misstatements	and	projections	of	any
evaluation	of	effectiveness	to	future	periods	are	subject	to	the	risk	that	controls	may	become	inadequate	because	of	changes	in	conditions,	or	that	the
degree	of	compliance	with	the	policies	or	procedures	may	deteriorate.
Changes	in	Internal	Control	over	Financial	Reporting
There	was	no	change	in	our	internal	control	over	financial	reporting	which	occurred	during	the	fourth	fiscal	quarter	of	the	year	ended
December	31,	2013	which	has	materially	affected,	or	is	reasonably	likely	to	materially	affect,	our	internal	control	over	financial	reporting.
	
ITEM	9B.
OTHER	INFORMATION
In	January	2014,	to	create	incentives	for	continued	long	term	success	beyond	the	Model	S	program	and	to	closely	align	executive	pay	with	our
stockholders​	interests	in	the	achievement	of	significant	milestones	by	our	company,	the	Compensation	Committee	of	our	Board	of	Directors	granted
stock	options	to	purchase	our	common	stock	of	782,500	shares	to	certain	employees	of	our	company,	including	Deepak	Ahuja,	our	Chief	Financial
Officer,	Jeffrey	B.	Straubel,	our	Chief	Technical	Officer,	Greg	Reichow,	our	Vice	President	of	Production	and	Jerome	Guillen,	our	Vice	President	of
Service	and	Sales	Operations,	each	of	whom	is	an	officer	of	our	company	with	reporting	obligations	under	Section	16	of	the	Securities	Exchange	Act	of
1934,	as	amended.	Each	such	grant	consists	of	four	vesting	tranches	with	a	vesting	schedule	based	entirely	on	the	attainment	of	the	following	future
performance	milestones	and,	assuming	continued	employment	and	service	to	us	through	each	vesting	date.
	
	
	
1/4th	of	the	shares	subject	to	the	options	are	scheduled	to	vest	upon	completion	of	the	first	Model	X	Production	Vehicle;
	
	
	
1/4th	of	the	shares	subject	to	the	options	are	scheduled	to	vest	upon	achieving	aggregate	vehicle	production	of	100,000	vehicles	in	a
trailing	12-month	period;
	
	
	
1/4th	of	the	shares	subject	to	the	options	are	scheduled	to	vest	upon	completion	of	the	first	Gen	III	Production	Vehicle;	and
	
	
	
1/4th	of	the	shares	subject	to	the	options	are	scheduled	to	vest	upon	achievement	of	annualized	gross	margin	of	greater	than	30.0%	in	any
three	years.
The	following	table	sets	forth	these	future	performance-based	stock	option	grants:
	
Name
		
Date	of
Grant
	
		
Number	of
Shares
Underlying
Option
	
		
Exercise
Price
($)
	
Deepak	Ahuja
		
	
1/13/2014
		
		
	
45,000
		
		
	
139.34
		
Jeffrey	B.	Straubel
		
	
1/13/2014
		
		
	
220,000
		
		
	
139.34
		
Greg	Reichow
		
	
1/13/2014
		
		
	
65,000
		
		
	
139.34
		
Jerome	Guillen
		
	
1/13/2014
		
		
	
55,000
		
		
	
139.34
		
The	term	of	each	grant	will	be	ten	years,	so	that	if	any	vesting	tranches	remain	unvested	after	expiration	of	the	grant,	they	will	be	forfeited.
	
125Table	of	Contents
PART	III
	
ITEM	10.
DIRECTORS,	EXECUTIVE	OFFICERS	AND	CORPORATE	GOVERNANCE
The	information	required	by	this	Item	10	of	Form	10-K	will	be	included	in	our	2014	Proxy	Statement	to	be	filed	with	the	SEC	in	connection	with
the	solicitation	of	proxies	for	our	2014	Annual	Meeting	of	Stockholders	(2014	Proxy	Statement)	and	is	incorporated	herein	by	reference.	The	2014	Proxy
Statement	will	be	filed	with	the	SEC	within	120	days	after	the	end	of	the	fiscal	year	to	which	this	report	relates.
	
ITEM	11.
EXECUTIVE	COMPENSATION
The	information	required	by	this	Item	11	of	Form	10-K	will	be	included	in	our	2014	Proxy	Statement	and	is	incorporated	herein	by	reference.
	
ITEM	12.
SECURITY	OWNERSHIP	OF	CERTAIN	BENEFICIAL	OWNERS	AND	MANAGEMENT	AND	RELATED	STOCKHOLDER
MATTERS
The	information	required	by	this	Item	12	of	Form	10-K	will	be	included	in	our	2014	Proxy	Statement	and	is	incorporated	herein	by	reference.
	
ITEM	13.
CERTAIN	RELATIONSHIPS	AND	RELATED	TRANSACTIONS,	AND	DIRECTOR	INDEPENDENCE
The	information	required	by	this	Item	13	of	Form	10-K	will	be	included	in	our	2014	Proxy	Statement	and	is	incorporated	herein	by	reference.
	
ITEM	14.
PRINCIPAL	ACCOUNTANT	FEES	AND	SERVICES
The	information	required	by	this	Item	14	of	Form	10-K	will	be	included	in	our	2014	Proxy	Statement	and	is	incorporated	herein	by	reference.
PART	IV
	
ITEM	15.
EXHIBITS	AND	FINANCIAL	STATEMENT	SCHEDULES
	
1.
Financial	Statements.	See	​Index	to	Consolidated	Financial	Statements​	in	Part	II,	Item	8	of	this	Annual	Report	on	Form	10-K.
	
2.
All	financial	statement	schedules	have	been	omitted,	since	the	required	information	is	not	applicable	or	is	not	present	in	amounts	sufficient	to
require	submission	of	the	schedule,	or	because	the	information	required	is	included	in	the	consolidated	financial	statements	and	notes	thereto.
	
3.
Exhibits.	The	exhibits	listed	in	the	accompanying	​Index	to	Exhibits​	are	filed	or	incorporated	by	reference	as	part	of	this	Annual	Report	on	Form
10-K.
	
126Table	of	Contents
INDEX	TO	EXHIBITS
	
Exhibit
Number
		
Exhibit	Description
	
Incorporated	by	Reference
	
Filed
Herewith
		
	
Form
	
File	No.
	
Exhibit
	
Filing	Date
	
		3.1
		
Amended	and	Restated	Certificate	of	Incorporation	of	the
Registrant
	
S-1
	
333-164593
	
3.1
	
January	29,	2010
	
		3.2
		
Amended	and	Restated	Bylaws	of	the	Registrant
	
S-1
	
333-164593
	
3.2
	
January	29,	2010
	
		4.1
		
Specimen	common	stock	certificate	of	the	Registrant
	
S-1/A
	
333-164593
	
4.1
	
May	27,	2010
	
		4.2
		
Fifth	Amended	and	Restated	Investors​	Rights	Agreement,
dated	as	of	August	31,	2009,	between	Registrant	and
certain	holders	of	the	Registrant​s	capital	stock	named
therein
	
S-1
	
333-164593
	
4.2
	
January	29,	2010
	
		4.2A
		
Amendment	to	Fifth	Amended	and	Restated	Investors​
Rights	Agreement,	dated	as	of	May	20,	2010,	between
Registrant	and	certain	holders	of	the	Registrant​s	capital
stock	named	therein
	
S-1/A
	
333-164593
	
4.2A
	
May	27,	2010
	
		4.2B
		
Amendment	to	Fifth	Amended	and	Restated	Investors​
Rights	Agreement	between	Registrant,	Toyota	Motor
Corporation	and	certain	holders	of	the	Registrant​s	capital
stock	named	therein
	
S-1/A
	
333-164593
	
4.2B
	
May	27,	2010
	
		4.2C
		
Amendment	to	Fifth	Amended	and	Restated	Investor​s
Rights	Agreement,	dated	as	of	June	14,	2010,	between
Registrant	and	certain	holders	of	the	Registrant​s	capital
stock	named	therein
	
S-1/A
	
333-164593
	
4.2C
	
June	15,	2010
	
		4.2D
		
Amendment	to	Fifth	Amended	and	Restated	Investor​s
Rights	Agreement,	dated	as	of	November	2,	2010,
between	Registrant	and	certain	holders	of	the
Registrant​s	capital	stock	named	therein
	
8-K
	
001-34756
	
4.1
	
November	4,	2010
	
		4.2E
		
Waiver	to	Fifth	Amended	and	Restated	Investor​s	Rights
Agreement,	dated	as	of	May	25,	2011,	between
Registrant	and	certain	holders	of	the	Registrant​s	capital
stock	named	therein
	
S-1/A
	
333-174466
	
4.2E
	
June	2,	2011
	
	
127Table	of	Contents
Exhibit
Number
		
Exhibit	Description
	
Incorporated	by	Reference
	
Filed
Herewith
		
	
Form
	
File	No.
	
Exhibit
	
Filing	Date
	
		4.2F
		
Amendment	to	Fifth	Amended	and	Restated	Investor​s
Rights	Agreement,	dated	as	of	May	30,	2011,	between
Registrant	and	certain	holders	of	the	Registrant​s	capital
stock	named	therein
	
8-K
	
001-34756
	
4.1
	
June	1,	2011
	
		4.2G
		
Sixth	Amendment	to	Fifth	Amended	and	Restated
Investors​	Rights	Agreement,	dated	as	of	May	15,	2013
among	Tesla	Motors,	Inc.,	the	Elon	Musk	Revocable	Trust
dated	July	22,	2003	and	certain	other	holders	of	the
capital	stock	of	Tesla	Motors,	Inc.	named	therein.
	
8-K
	
001-34756
	
4.1
	
May	20,	2013
	
		4.2H
		
Waiver	to	Fifth	Amended	and	Restated	Investor​s	Rights
Agreement,	dated	as	of	May	14,	2013,	between	Tesla
Motors,	Inc.	and	certain	holders	of	the	capital	stock	of
Tesla	Motors,	Inc.	named	therein.
	
8-K
	
001-34756
	
4.2
	
May	20,	2013
	
		4.3
		
Indenture,	dated	as	of	May	22,	2013,	by	and	between
Tesla	Motors,	Inc.	and	U.S.	Bank	National	Association.
	
8-K
	
001-34756
	
4.1
	
May	22,	2013
	
		4.4
		
First	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as	of	May	22,	2013,
by	and	between	Tesla	Motors,	Inc.	and	U.S.	Bank
National	Association.
	
8-K
	
001-34756
	
4.2
	
May	22,	2013
	
		4.5
		
Form	of	1.50%	Convertible	Senior	Note	Due	June	1,	2018
(included	in	Exhibit	4.4).
	
8-K
	
001-34756
	
4.3
	
May	22,	2013
	
10.1
		
Form	of	Indemnification	Agreement	between	the
Registrant	and	its	directors	and	officers
	
S-1/A
	
333-164593
	
10.1
	
June	15,	2010
	
10.2
		
2003	Equity	Incentive	Plan
	
S-1/A
	
333-164593
	
10.2
	
May	27,	2010
	
10.3
		
Form	of	Stock	Option	Agreement	under	2003	Equity
Incentive	Plan
	
S-1
	
333-164593
	
10.3
	
January	29,	2010
	
10.3A
		
Grant	Notice	and	Stock	Option	Agreement	between	the
Registrant	and	Elon	Musk
	
S-1/A
	
333-164593
	
10.3A
	
March	29,	2010
	
10.4
		
Amended	and	Restated	2010	Equity	Incentive	Plan
	
10-Q
	
333-164593
	
10.4
	
August	2,	2012
	
	
128Table	of	Contents
Exhibit
Number
		
Exhibit	Description
	
Incorporated	by	Reference
	
Filed
Herewith
		
	
Form
	
File	No.
	
Exhibit
	
Filing	Date
	
10.5
		
Form	of	Stock	Option	Agreement	under	2010	Equity
Incentive	Plan
	
S-1/A
	
333-164593
	
10.5
	
March	29,	2010
	
10.6
		
Form	of	Restricted	Stock	Unit	Award	Agreement	under
2010	Equity	Incentive	Plan
	
S-1/A
	
333-164593
	
10.6
	
March	29,	2010
	
10.7
		
2010	Employee	Stock	Purchase	Plan
	
S-1/A
	
333-164593
	
10.7
	
May	27,	2010
	
10.8
		
Form	of	Purchase	Agreement	under	2010	Employee
Stock	Purchase	Plan
	
S-1/A
	
333-164593
	
10.8
	
June	15,	2010
	
10.9
		
Offer	Letter	between	the	Registrant	and	Elon	Musk
dated	October	13,	2008
	
S-1
	
333-164593
	
10.9
	
January	29,	2010
	
10.10
		
Offer	Letter	between	the	Registrant	and	Deepak	Ahuja
dated	June	13,	2008,	and	amended	June	4,	2009
	
S-1
	
333-164593
	
10.10
	
January	29,	2010
	
10.11
		
Relocation	Agreement	between	the	Registrant	and
Deepak	Ahuja	effective	October	31,	2008	and	amended
June	4,	2009
	
S-1
	
333-164593
	
10.11
	
January	29,	2010
	
10.12
		
Offer	Letter	between	the	Registrant	and	Jeffrey	B.
Straubel	dated	May	6,	2004
	
S-1
	
333-164593
	
10.12
	
January	29,	2010
	
10.13
		
Commercial	Single-Tenant	Lease	between	the
Registrant	and	James	R.	Hull	dated	August	16,	2006
	
S-1
	
333-164593
	
10.19
	
January	29,	2010
	
10.14
		
License	Agreement	between	the	Registrant	and	MS
Kearny	Northrop	Avenue,	LLC	dated	July	23,	2009
	
S-1
	
333-164593
	
10.21
	
January	29,	2010
	
10.15
		
Commercial	Lease	between	the	Registrant	and	The
Board	of	Trustees	of	The	Leland	Stanford	Jr.	University
dated	August	6,	2009
	
S-1
	
333-164593
	
10.22
	
January	29,	2010
	
10.16​
		
Supply	Agreement	between	Eberspacher	(UK)	Ltd.	and
the	Registrant	dated	September	1,	2006
	
S-1/A
	
333-164593
	
10.24
	
March	29,	2010
	
10.17​
		
Supply	Agreement	between	Perei	Group	(UK)	Ltd.	and
the	Registrant	dated	September	1,	2006
	
S-1/A
	
333-164593
	
10.25
	
March	29,	2010
	
10.18​
		
Supply	Agreement	between	Burgaflex	(UK)	Ltd.	and	the
Registrant	dated	September	1,	2006
	
S-1/A
	
333-164593
	
10.26
	
March	29,	2010
	
	
129Table	of	Contents
Exhibit
Number
		
Exhibit	Description
	
Incorporated	by	Reference
	
Filed
Herewith
		
	
Form
	
File	No.
	
Exhibit
	
Filing	Date
	
10.19​
		
Supply	Agreement	by	and	among	Sanyo	Electric	Co.
Ltd.	Mobile	Energy	Company,	Sanyo	Energy	(USA)
Corporation	and	the	Registrant	dated	February	1,
2007
	
S-1
	
333-164593
	
10.27
	
January	29,	2010
	
10.19A​
		
Amendment	No.	1	to	Supply	Agreement	by	and	among
Sanyo	Electric	Co.	Ltd.	Mobile	Energy	Company	and
Sanyo	Energy	(USA)	Corporation	and	the	Registrant
effective	as	of	February	1,	2007
	
S-1
	
333-164593
	
10.27A
	
January	29,	2010
	
10.20​
		
Supply	Agreement	by	and	between	Taiway	Ltd.	and
the	Registrant	dated	February	12,	2007
	
S-1
	
333-164593
	
10.28
	
March	29,	2010
	
10.21​
		
Supply	Agreement	between	Chroma	ATE	Inc.	and	the
Registrant	dated	April	19,	2007
	
S-1/A
	
333-164593
	
10.29
	
March	29,	2010
	
10.22​
		
Supply	Agreement	between	Polytec	Holden	Ltd.	and
the	Registrant	dated	April	13,	2007
	
S-1/A
	
333-164593
	
10.30
	
March	29,	2010
	
10.23​
		
Modification	to	Terms	and	Conditions	between
BorgWarner	TorqTransfer	Systems	Inc.	and	the
Registrant	dated	September	22,	2008
	
S-1
	
333-164593
	
10.31
	
January	29,	2010
	
10.24​
		
ZEV	Credits	Agreement	between	American	Honda
Motor	Co.,	Inc.	and	the	Registrant	dated	February	12,
2009
	
S-1/A
	
333-164593
	
10.32
	
May	27,	2010
	
10.24A
		
Addendum	to	ZEV	Credits	Agreement	between
American	Honda	Motor	Co.,	Inc.	and	the	Registrant
dated	February	20,	2009
	
S-1/A
	
333-164593
	
10.32A
	
May	27,	2010
	
10.24B​
		
Supplemental	ZEV	Credits	Agreement	between
American	Honda	Motor	Co.,	Inc.	and	the	Registrant
dated	March	20,	2009
	
S-1/A
	
333-164593
	
10.32B
	
May	27,	2010
	
10.24C​
		
Second	Supplemental	ZEV	Credits	Agreement
between	American	Honda	Motor	Co.,	Inc.	and	the
Registrant	dated	February	8,	2010
	
S-1/A
	
333-164593
	
10.32C
	
May	27,	2010
	
	
130Table	of	Contents
Exhibit
Number
		
Exhibit	Description
	
Incorporated	by	Reference
	
Filed
Herewith
		
	
Form
	
File	No.
	
Exhibit
	
Filing	Date
	
10.25​
		
Supply	Agreement	by	and	among	Panasonic	Industrial
Company,	Panasonic	Corporation,	acting	through
Energy	Company,	and	the	Registrant	dated	July	21,
2009
	
S-1
	
333-164593
	
10.33
	
January	29,	2010
	
10.26​
		
Exclusivity	and	Intellectual	Property	Agreement
between	Daimler	North	America	Corporation	and	the
Registrant	dated	May	11,	2009
	
S-1/A
	
333-164593
	
10.34
	
March	29,	2010
	
10.27
		
Side	Agreement	between	the	Registrant	and	Blackstar
InvestCo	LLC	dated	May	11,	2009
	
S-1
	
333-164593
	
10.35
	
January	29,	2010
	
10.28
		
Letter	Agreement	between	the	Elon	Musk	Revocable
Trust	dated	July	22,	2003	and	Blackstar	InvestCo	LLC,
dated	May	11,	2009
	
S-1
	
333-164593
	
10.36
	
January	29,	2010
	
10.29​
		
Development	Contract	between	Daimler	AG	and	Tesla
Motors	Ltd.	dated	May	10,	2010
	
S-1/A
	
333-164593
	
10.43
	
May	27,	2010
	
10.30
		
Settlement	Agreement	between	the	Registrant	and
entities	affiliated	with	Valor	Equity	Partners	dated	May
20,	2010
	
S-1/A
	
333-164593
	
10.44
	
May	27,	2010
	
10.31
		
Letter	Agreement	between	the	Registrant	and	New
United	Motor	Manufacturing,	Inc.	dated	May	26,	2010
	
S-1/A
	
333-164593
	
10.45
	
May	27,	2010
	
10.31A
		
Amendment	No.	1	to	the	Letter	Agreement	between	the
Registrant	and	New	United	Motor	Manufacturing,	Inc.
dated	June	15,	2010
	
10-Q
	
001-34756
	
10.3
	
November	12,	2010
	
10.31B
		
Amendment	No.	2	to	the	Letter	Agreement	between	the
Registrant	and	New	United	Motor	Manufacturing,	Inc.
dated	October	1,	2010
	
10-Q
	
001-34756
	
10.4
	
November	12,	2010
	
10.31C
		
Amendment	No.	3	to	the	Letter	Agreement	between	the
Registrant	and	New	United	Motor	Manufacturing,	Inc.
dated	October	8,	2010
	
10-Q
	
001-34756
	
10.5
	
November	12,	2010
	
	
131Table	of	Contents
Exhibit
Number
		
Exhibit	Description
	
Incorporated	by	Reference
	
Filed
Herewith
		
	
Form
	
File	No.
	
Exhibit
	
Filing	Date
	
10.31D
		
Amendment	No.	4	to	the	Letter	Agreement	between
the	Registrant	and	New	United	Motor	Manufacturing,
Inc.	dated	October	13,	2010
	
10-Q
	
001-34756
	
10.6
	
November	12,	2010
	
10.31E
		
Amendment	No.	5	to	the	Letter	Agreement	between
the	Registrant	and	New	United	Motor	Manufacturing,
Inc.	dated	October	15,	2010
	
10-Q
	
001-34756
	
10.7
	
November	12,	2010
	
10.31F​
		
Amendment	No.	6	to	the	Letter	Agreement	between
the	Registrant	and	New	United	Motor	Manufacturing,
Inc.	dated	October	19,	2010
	
10-Q
	
001-34756
	
10.8
	
November	12,	2010
	
10.32
		
Sale	and	Purchase	Agreement	between	Registrant	and
New	United	Motor	Manufacturing,	Inc.,	dated
August	13,	2010
	
10-Q
	
001-34756
	
10.1
	
November	12,	2010
	
10.32A
		
Addendum	No.	1	to	the	Sale	and	Purchase	Agreement
between	Registrant	and	New	United	Motor
Manufacturing,	Inc.,	dated	September	23,	2010
	
10-Q
	
001-34756
	
10.2
	
November	12,	2010
	
10.33​
		
Phase	1	Contract	Services	Agreement	between
Registrant	and	Toyota	Motor	Corporation	dated
October	6,	2010
	
10-K
	
001-34756
	
10.47
	
March	3,	2011
	
10.34​
		
Supply	and	Services	Agreement	between	Toyota
Motor	Engineering	&	Manufacturing	North	America,
Inc.	and	the	Registrant	dated	July	15,	2011
	
10-Q
	
001-34756
	
10.1
	
November	14,	2011
	
10.35​
		
Supply	Agreement	between	Panasonic	Corporation
and	the	Registrant	dated	October	5,	2011
	
10-K
	
001-34756
	
10.50
	
February	27,	2012
	
10.35A​
		
Amendment	No.	1	to	Supply	Agreement	between
Panasonic	Corporation	and	the	Registrant	dated
October	29,	2013
	
	
	
	
	
X
10.36
		
Form	of	Call	Option	Confirmation.
	
8-K
	
001-34756
	
10.1
	
May	22,	2013
	
10.37
		
Form	of	Warrant	Confirmation.
	
8-K
	
001-34756
	
10.2
	
May	22,	2013
	
	
132Table	of	Contents
Exhibit
Number
	
Exhibit	Description
	
Incorporated	by	Reference
	
Filed
Herewith
	
	
Form
	
File	No.
	
Exhibit
	
Filing	Date
	
		12.1
	
Statement	regarding	Computation	of	Ratio	of	Earnings	to
Fixed	Charges
	
	
	
	
	
X
		23.1
	
Consent	of	PricewaterhouseCoopers,	Independent
Registered	Public	Accounting	Firm
	
​		
	
​		
	
​		
	
​		
	
X
		31.1
	
Rule	13a-14(a)	/	15(d)-14(a)	Certification	of	Principal
Executive	Officer
	
​		
	
​		
	
​		
	
​		
	
X
		31.2
	
Rule	13a-14(a)	/	15(d)-14(a)	Certification	of	Principal
Financial	Officer
	
​		
	
​		
	
​		
	
​		
	
X
		32.1*
	
Section	1350	Certifications
	
​		
	
​		
	
​		
	
​		
	
101.INS**
	
XBRL	Instance	Document
	
	
	
	
	
101.SCH**
	
XBRL	Taxonomy	Extension	Schema	Document
	
	
	
	
	
101.CAL**
	
XBRL	Taxonomy	Extension	Calculation	Linkbase
Document.
	
	
	
	
	
101.DEF**
	
XBRL	Taxonomy	Extension	Definition	Linkbase	Document
	
	
	
	
	
101.LAB**
	
XBRL	Taxonomy	Extension	Label	Linkbase	Document
	
	
	
	
	
101.PRE**
	
XBRL	Taxonomy	Extension	Presentation	Linkbase
Document
	
	
	
	
	
		*
Furnished	herewith
**
XBRL	(Extensible	Business	Reporting	Language)	information	is	furnished	and	not	filed	or	a	part	of	a	registration	statement	or	prospectus	for
purposes	of	sections	11	or	12	of	the	Securities	Act	of	1933,	is	deemed	not	filed	for	purposes	of	section	18	of	the	Securities	Exchange	Act	of	1934,
and	otherwise	is	not	subject	to	liability	under	these	sections.
		​
Confidential	treatment	has	been	requested	for	portions	of	this	exhibit
	
133Table	of	Contents
SIGNATURES
Pursuant	to	the	requirements	of	Section	13	or	15(d)	the	Securities	Exchange	Act	of	1934,	the	registrant	has	duly	caused	this	report	to	be	signed
on	its	behalf	by	the	undersigned,	thereunto	duly	authorized.
	
	
	
Tesla	Motors,	Inc.
Date:	February	26,	2014
	
/s/	Elon	Musk
	
Elon	Musk
Chief	Executive	Officer
(Principal	Executive	Officer)
Pursuant	to	the	requirements	of	the	Securities	Exchange	Act	of	1934,	this	report	has	been	signed	below	by	the	following	persons	on	behalf	of	the
registrant	and	in	the	capacities	and	on	the	dates	indicated.
	
Signature
		
Title
		
Date
/s/	Elon	Musk
				Elon	Musk
		
Chief	Executive	Officer	and	Director	(Principal
Executive	Officer)
		
February	26,	2014
/s/	Deepak	Ahuja
				Deepak	Ahuja
		
Chief	Financial	Officer	(Principal	Financial
Officer	and	Principal	Accounting	Officer)
		
February	26,	2014
/s/	Brad	Buss
				Brad	Buss
		
Director
		
February	26,	2014
/s/	Ira	Ehrenpreis
				Ira	Ehrenpreis
		
Director
		
February	26,	2014
/s/	Antonio	Gracias
				Antonio	Gracias
		
Director
		
February	26,	2014
/s/	Stephen	Jurvetson
				Stephen	Jurvetson
		
Director
		
February	26,	2014
/s/	Harald	Kroeger
				Harald	Kroeger
		
Director
		
February	26,	2014
/s/	Kimbal	Musk
				Kimbal	Musk
		
Director
		
February	26,	2014
	
134
Exhibit	10.35A
Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla	Motors,	Inc.
	
October	30,	2013
	
To:
Mr.	Shinsuke	Nakahori
Director,	Portable	Rechargeable	Battery	Business	Division
SANYO	Electric	Co.,	Ltd.	222-1,	Kaminaizen,	Sumoto	City,	Hyogo	565-8555,	Japan
Mr.	Joseph	Howell
Panasonic	Industrial	Devices	Sales	Company	of	America
Panasonic	Corporation	of	North	America
Two	Riverfront	Plaza,	7th	Floor,	Newark,	NJ	07102-5490
This	amendment	(​
Amendment
​)	is	entered	into	by	and	between	Tesla	Motors,	Inc.	(​
Tesla
​)	and	Panasonic	Industrial	Devices	Sales	Company	of	America
f/k/a	Panasonic	Industrial	Company,	division	of	Panasonic	Corporation	of	North	America,	and	SANYO	Electric	Co.,	Ltd.	acting	through	Portable
Rechargeable	Battery	Business	Division,	the	assignee	of	the	Agreement	from	Panasonic	Corporation,	acting	through	Energy	Company	(collectively,
​
Panasonic
​)	(Tesla	and	Panasonic	are	referred	to	collectively	as	the	​
Parties
​)	as	of	the	date	set	forth	above	in	connection	with	the	Parties​	Supply
Agreement	dated	October	5,	2011	(as	amended,	the	​
Agreement
​).	All	terms	used	but	not	otherwise	defined	herein	shall	have	the	meanings	assigned	to
such	terms	in	the	Agreement.	In	consideration	of	the	mutual	promises	and	mutual	covenants	set	forth	below	and	other	good	and	valuable	consideration,
the	receipt	and	sufficiency	of	which	are	hereby	acknowledged,	the	Parties	hereby	agree	to	amend	the	Agreement	as	follows:
	
1.
In	Section	2(b)	(Term)	of	the	Agreement,	the	phrase	​December	31,	2015​	is	deleted	from	the	first	sentence	and	replaced	with	​December	31,	
2017.​
	
	
2.
For	purposes	of	Section	3	(Forecast	and	Orders),	Tesla​s	subsidiaries	and	affiliates	may	issue	Orders	pursuant	to	the	Agreement,	and	such
Orders	shall	be	deemed	to	be	valid	and	binding	Orders	by	the	issuing	entity	and	the	issuing	entity	shall	be	responsible	for	payment	therefor.
If	the	issuing	entity	fails	to	pay	amounts	due	pursuant	to	an	accepted	Order	by	the	applicable	payment	date,	Panasonic	shall	notify	Tesla
and	Tesla	shall	be	responsible	for	such	payment.	Items	ordered	pursuant	to	such	Orders	shall	count	against	Tesla​s	overall	purchase
commitments	hereunder.
	
	
3.
Section	6(c)	of	the	Agreement	is	amended	to	include	the	following	additional	sentence:	​Seller	shall	use	a	bonded	carrier	from	the	U.S.	port
of	entry	to	Tesla​s	designated	facility	for	each	delivery	hereunder,	unless	Tesla	has	given	express,	prior	written	waiver	of	this	requirement
for	a	particular	delivery.​
	
	
4.
Section	7	of	the	Agreement	is	amended	to	include	the	following	additional	section:	​(e)	In	connection	with	the	foregoing,	the	Parties	have
agreed	to	the	
Process	and	Procedures	for	Damaged	Goods	Arriving	at	Tesla	Motors	dated	June	22,	2012
,	which	is	hereby	incorporated	by
reference	into	the	Agreement.​
	
	
5.
The	last	sentence	of	Section	8(a)	of	the	Agreement	is	hereby	deleted	in	its	entirety	and	replaced	with	the	following:	​Panasonic	may,	for	good
cause,	propose	a	change	to	the	payment	terms	and/or	amount	or	duration	of	credit	extended	to	Tesla	hereunder,	and	the	Parties	shall
discuss	any	such	proposal	in	good	faith.	Notwithstanding	the	foregoing,	Panasonic	reserves	the	right	at	any	time,	but	only	after	a	good	faith
discussion	with	Tesla,	[***].​
	
Amendment	to	Tesla-Panasonic	Supply	Agreement
		
	
Page	
1
	of	
5
		
[***]	Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has	been	requested
with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.
			Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla	Motors,	Inc.
	
	
	
6.
The	following	is	added	as	a	new	Section	9(i):
(i)	If,	with	respect	to	Items,	Modules	and/or	Finished	Products,	[***],	Panasonic	shall	be	liable	for	the	[***].	Notwithstanding	the
foregoing,	Panasonic	shall	not	be	liable	under	this	paragraph	to	the	extent	that	[***].	To	the	maximum	extent	permitted	by	law,
Panasonic​s	liability	to	Tesla	pursuant	to	this	Section	9(i)	shall	not	[***].	Panasonic​s	liability	set	forth	above	shall	be	Tesla​s	sole
remedy	in	case	of	[***]	and	in	no	event	shall	Panasonic	be	liable	for	any	lost	goodwill,	profit,	revenue	or	savings	in	connection	with
[***].	To	the	extent	permitted	by	applicable	law,	Tesla	shall	(a)	notify	Panasonic	promptly	after	becoming	aware	of	[***]	and	[***]	in
connection	with	[***],	to	the	extent	related	to	the	Items,	(b)	consult	with	Panasonic	in	good	faith	regarding	[***],	and	(c)	provide
such	information	as	reasonably	requested	by	Panasonic	from	time	to	time	with	respect	to	[***].
	
	
7.
In	Section	11	(Indemnification)	of	the	Agreement,	subsection	(c)	is	hereby	renumbered	as	subsection	(d)	and	the	following	is	added	at	the
end	of	the	subsection:	​The	indemnifying	Party	may	not[***].​
	
	
8.
In	Section	11	(Indemnification)	of	the	Agreement,	a	new	subsection	(c)	is	added	as	follows:
(c)	Infringement	Indemnity	by	Panasonic
.	At	any	time	during	the	term	of	this	Agreement	and	thereafter,	Panasonic	shall	indemnify
and	hold	the	Tesla	Parties	harmless	from	and	against	any	and	all	Claims	arising	out	of	any	actual	or	alleged	infringement	or
misappropriation	of	the	patent,	trademark,	copyright,	trade	secret	or	other	intellectual	or	industrial	property	rights	of	any	third
party	with	respect	to	the	extent	caused	by	Panasonic	and/or	the	Items	as	delivered	by	Panasonic;	provided,	however,	that	the
foregoing	indemnity	shall	not	apply	with	respect	to	Claims	to	the	extent	[***].
	
	
9.
Section	12(a)	is	amended	and	restated	in	its	entirety	as	follows:
(a)	Limitation	of	Liability.
(i)	TO	THE	MAXIMUM	EXTENT	PERMITTED	BY	APPLICABLE	LAW	AND	EXCEPT	FOR	(1)	
[***]
,	(2)	EACH	PARTIES​
OBLIGATIONS	SET	FORTH	IN	SECTION	11,	(3
)	[***]
,	(4)	TESLA​S	OBLIGATIONS	SET	FORTH	IN	SECTION	12(d),	AND
(5)	
[***]
,	NEITHER	PARTY	SHALL	BE	LIABLE	OR	RESPONSIBLE	TO	THE	OTHER	PARTY	FOR	ANY	SPECIAL,	INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL,	EXEMPLARY,	CONSEQUENTIAL	OR	PUNITIVE	DAMAGES	ARISING	OUT	OF	OR	IN	CONNECTION	WITH
THIS	AGREEMENT,	INCLUDING,	WITHOUT	LIMITATION,	ANY	WORK	DELAYS,	LOST	GOODWILL,	PROFIT,	REVENUE
OR	SAVINGS,	LOSS	OF	USE,	COST	OF	CAPITAL,	COST	OF	SUBSTITUTE	EQUIPMENT,	FACILITIES	OR	SERVICES,	OR
DOWNTIME	COSTS,	EVEN	IF	SUCH	PARTY	HAS	BEEN	ADVISED	OR	IS	AWARE	OF	THE	POSSIBILITY	OF	SUCH
DAMAGES,	AND	NEITHER	PARTY​S	LIABILITY	FOR	MONETARY	DAMAGES	TO	THE	OTHER	PARTY	UNDER	THIS
AGREEMENT	SHALL	EXCEED	
[***]
.	
[***]
	MEANS	AN	AMOUNT	EQUAL	TO	
[***]
.
(II)	TESLA​S	LIABILITY	TO	PANASONIC	RESULTING	FROM	
[***]
	SHALL	NOT	EXCEED	
[***]
.
(III)	THE	PARTIES	AGREE	THAT	DAMAGES	INCURRED	DUE	TO	
[***]
,	WILL	BE	CONSIDERED	DIRECT	DAMAGES.
	
Amendment	to	Tesla-Panasonic	Supply	Agreement
		
	
Page	
2
	of	
5
		
[***]	Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has	been	requested
with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.
			Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla	Motors,	Inc.
	
	
	
10.
The	current	version	
Attachment	1
	of	the	Agreement	is	no	longer	in	effect	and	is	hereby	replaced	in	its	entirety	by	
Attachment	1-A
,	attached
hereto.
	
	
11.
This	Amendment,	together	with	the	Agreement	(including	any	open	purchase	orders),	constitutes	the	entire	agreement	between	the	Parties
and	supersedes	all	prior	agreements	and	understandings,	both	oral	and	written,	between	the	Parties.	This	Amendment	may	be	executed	in
counterparts,	each	of	which	when	so	executed	and	delivered	will	be	deemed	an	original,	and	all	of	which	taken	together	will	constitute	one
and	the	same	instrument.
I	am	pleased	that	we	have	reached	this	point	and	look	forward	to	a	continuing	productive	relationship	with	you.	Please	confirm	Seller​s	agreement	with
the	foregoing	by	signing	a	copy	of	this	letter	where	indicated	below	and	returning	it	to	me.
	
Sincerely,
/s/	JB	Straubel
JB	Straubel
Chief	Technology	Officer
Tesla	Motors,	Inc.
3500	Deer	Creek	Road
Palo	Alto,	CA	94304
Agreed	to	by	Panasonic	Industrial	Devices	Sales	Company	of	America,	division	of	Panasonic	Corporation	of	North	America
	
By:
		
/s/	Kazuto	Nezu
Name:
		
Kazuto	Nezu
Title:
		
Director,	Panasonic	Industrial	Devices	Sales	Company	of	America,	division	of	Panasonic	Corporation	of	North	America
Agreed	to	by	SANYO	Electric	Co.,	Ltd.	acting	through	Portable	Rechargeable	Battery	Business	Division
	
By:
		
/s/	Shinsuke	Nakahori
Name:
		
Shinsuke	Nakahori
Title:
		
Director,	SANYO	Electric	Co.,	Ltd.	acting	through	Portable	Rechargeable	Battery	Business	Division
	
Amendment	to	Tesla-Panasonic	Supply	Agreement
		
	
Page	
3
	of	
5
		
[***]	Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has	been	requested
with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.
			Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla	Motors,	Inc.
	
	
Attachment	1-A
List	of	Items,	Pricing	Mechanism
	
1.
Pricing	for	Cells	Delivered	Through	December	31,	2013
[***].
	
2.
Pricing	for	Cells	Delivered	After	January	1,	2014
	
(a)
Cell	Pricing
.
	
2014-2015
		
1Q14
	
2Q14*
	
3Q14*
	
4Q14*
	
1Q15*
	
2Q15*
	
3Q15*
	
4Q15*
Price	for	Li-Ion	Cell	[***]	
(Tesla	Part	No.
	[***]
)
	
1
		
[***]
	
[***]
	
[***]
	
[***]
	
[***]
	
[***]
	
[***]
	
[***]
Quantity	(millions)
		
[***]
	
[***]
	
[***]
	
[***]
2016-2017
		
1Q16*
	
2Q16*
	
3Q16*
	
4Q16*
	
1Q17*
	
2Q17*
	
3Q17*
	
4Q17*
Price	for	Li-Ion	Cell	[***]	
(Tesla	Part	No.
	[***]
)
	1
		
[***]
	
[***]
	
[***]
	
[***]
	
[***]
	
[***]
	
[***]
	
[***]
Quantity	(millions)
		
[***]
	
[***]
	
[***]
	
[***]
The	pricing	set	forth	above	is	based	on	the	following	[***].	The	Parties	shall	work	together	on	an	on-going	basis	and	in	good	faith	to	[***],	the
Parties	shall	jointly	determine	the	amount	of	[***]	in	good	faith	[***]	following	any	such	meeting,	and	[***]	shall	be	reflected	in	[***]	pricing	under
this	
Attachment	1-A
	as	follows:	[***].
	
2014-2015
		
4Q13
	
1Q14
	
2Q14
	
3Q14
	
4Q14
	
1Q15
	
2Q15
	
3Q15
	
4Q15
[***]	cost	per	cell
		
[***]
	
[***]
	
[***]
	
[***]
	
[***]
	
[***]
	
[***]
	
[***]
	
[***]
[***]	cost	per	cell
		
[***]
	
[***]
	
[***]
	
[***]
	
[***]
	
[***]
	
[***]
	
[***]
	
[***]
[***]	cost	per	cell
		
[***]
	
[***]
	
[***]
	
[***]
	
[***]
	
[***]
	
[***]
	
[***]
	
[***]
[***]	cost	per	cell
		
[***]
	
[***]
	
[***]
	
[***]
	
[***]
	
[***]
	
[***]
	
[***]
	
[***]
	
1
	
The	Parties	may	also	agree	to	modify	the	types	of	Items	eligible	for	purchase	under	this	Agreement	(e.g.	by	substituting	later	versions	of	earlier
cells),	and	purchases	of	such	Items	hereunder	shall	be	deemed	to	satisfy	any	applicable	purchase	commitments	hereunder	and	the	price	for	such
Items	shall	be	negotiated	in	good	faith	by	the	Parties.
*
The	prices	set	forth	above	are	[***],	and	the	Parties	shall	recalculate	the	[***]	in	good	faith	[***].
	
Amendment	to	Tesla-Panasonic	Supply	Agreement
		
	
Page	
4
	of	
5
		
[***]	Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has	been	requested
with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.
			Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla	Motors,	Inc.
	
	
(b)
Price	Adjustments
.	The	prices	set	forth	above	shall	be	adjusted	[***]	for	adjustments	in	prices	for	the	[***]	materials	set	forth	below,	in
accordance	with	the	adjustment	mechanism	process	set	forth	in	
Exhibit	1	(
[***]).	The	following	assumptions	shall	apply	for	purposes	of	the	price
adjustment	mechanism:
	
Baseline	Commodity	Assumption
		
	
[***]	Content	(g)
		
[***]
[***]	Price	(USD/kg)
		
[***]
[***]	Content	(g)
		
[***]
[***]	Price	(USD/kg)
		
[***]
[***]	Content	(g)
		
[***]
[***]	Price	(USD/kg)
		
[***]
[***]	Content	(g)
		
[***]
[***]	Price	(USD/kg)
		
[***]
Exchange	rate	(Yen/$)
		
[***]
For	purposes	of	this	adjustment,	the	[***]	materials	prices	shall	be	converted	from	United	States	Dollars	(USD)	into	Japanese	Yen	(JPY)	using	the
[***]	and	the	[***]	for	the	applicable	[***]	period	set	forth	below:
	
[***]
		
[***]
[***]
		
[***]
[***]
		
[***]
[***]
		
[***]
[***]
		
[***]
[***]
		
Attachment	2
	to	the	Agreement	is	hereby	deleted.
	
2.
Panasonic​s	Investment
.
	
	
(a)
Panasonic	will	make	certain	capital	investments	to	enable	production	of	cells	for	Tesla	under	the	Agreement	at	Panasonic​s	factories	at	[***],
Japan,	consisting	of	[***]	(the	cost	of	the	foregoing	investments	is	the	​
Investment	Cost
​).	Panasonic	will	use	reasonable	efforts	to	limit	the
amount	of	the	Investment	Cost,	and	the	Investment	Cost	shall	not	[***].
	
	
(b)
Tesla	commits	that	Panasonic	will	recover	the	Investment	Cost	from	Tesla	[***]	for	at	least	1.836	billion	Items	(cells)	[***];	provided,
however,	that	[***].
	
Amendment	to	Tesla-Panasonic	Supply	Agreement
		
	
Page	
5
	of	
5
		
[***]	Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has	been	requested
with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.
			Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla	Motors,	Inc.
	
Exhibit	1
Material	Adjustment	Calculator
[***]
	
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
	
[***]	Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has	been	requested	with
respect	to	the	omitted	portions.Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla	Motors,	Inc.
Tesla-Panasonic	Confidential
	
June	22,	2012
Process	and	Procedures	for	Damaged	Goods	Arriving	at	Tesla	Motors
Process	incorporates	language	of	Section	7	of	Supply	Agreement	between	Tesla	Motors	and	Panasonic	Industrial	Company	and	Panasonic
Corporation	dated	Oct.	5,	2011	(the	​Agreement​)
1
	
1.
Tesla	will	inspect	shipments	promptly	upon	delivery:	within	[***]	of	receipt	at	the	DAP	Point	[***].	Inspection	will	be	to	determine	if	Items	conform
to	mutually	agreed	upon	inspection	specifications	and	to	determine	if	Items	are	damaged.	Tests	will	include:
	
	
a.
OCV	measurements
	
	
b.
Impedance	measurements
	
	
c.
[***]
	
2.
Tesla	must	notify	Panasonic	of	damage	or	other	non-conformity	within	[***]	of	delivery	to	the	DAP	Point.	This	notice	must	be	in	writing.
	
3.
If	Panasonic	does	not	receive	a	notice	of	damage	or	non-conformity	within	[***]	after	delivery	to	the	DAP	Point,	the	Items	will	be	deemed	to	be
​accepted​	for	purposes	of	payment.
	
4.
If	damage	or	a	non-conformity	is	found	or	alleged:
	
	
a.
Tesla	will	send	written	notice	to	[***]	of	Panasonic	as	soon	as	possible	after	discovery	of	damage	or	non-conformity.	Tesla	will	supply
Panasonic	detailed	facts	and	supporting	evidence	(such	as	test	results)	regarding	the	damage	or	non-conformity.
	
	
b.
As	soon	as	practical,	[***]	will	travel	to	Tesla	site	(Fremont	or	Palo	Alto)	to	inspect	the	affected	Items	and	take	photos.
	
	
c.
On	the	same	day	of	the	inspection,	[***]	will	email	photos	to	the	Panasonic	factory	(represented	by	[***])	for	review.
	
	
d.
As	soon	as	practical,	[***]	will	respond	to	[***]	with	a	determination	as	to	whether	the	Items:	(i)	are	usable;	(ii)	should	be	subject	to
additional	inspection;	(iii)	should	be	returned	to	the	Panasonic	factory;	or	(iv)	should	be	destroyed.
	
1
	
This	document	is	not	intended	to,	and	shall	not,	modify	the	Agreement	or	otherwise	waive	or	modify	the	parties​	rights	and	obligations	thereunder.
	
Tesla-Panasonic	​	Process	for	Damaged	Goods
		
	
Page	
1
	of	
2
		
[***]	Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has	been	requested
with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.
			Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla	Motors,	Inc.
Tesla-Panasonic	Confidential
	
	
5.
If	Items	are	determined	to	be	usable,	the	Panasonic	factory	will	send	a	written	report	to	[***]	that	can	be	submitted	to	Tesla	certifying	that	the
Items	are	okay	to	use	(i.e.,	they	are	free	from	damage	and	conform	to	the	agreed	specifications).
	
6.
If	the	Panasonic	factory	determines	that	the	Items	must	leave	the	Tesla	site	for	further	investigation:
	
	
a.
Tesla	will	arrange	for	pick-up	of	the	allegedly	damaged	or	non-conforming	Items	and	transport	to	a	mutually	agreed	upon
designated	location	at	Tesla​s	expense;	and
	
	
b.
Once	Items	are	at	the	designated	location,	Panasonic	or	the	parties​	selected	third	party	service	will	promptly	begin	the	additional
inspection	(including	technical	evaluation	of	cells)	to	determine	whether	cells	are	usable.	This	additional	inspection	will	be
conducted	at	Tesla​s	expense.
	
7.
If	the	cause	of	the	damage	or	non-conformity	is	determined	to	be	solely	attributable	to	Panasonic	(i.e.,	cells	were	damaged	or	non-conforming
upon	delivery	to	Tesla),	Panasonic	shall:
	
	
a.
Replace	the	affected	Items.	[***];
	
	
b.
Reimburse	Tesla	for	the	reasonable	costs	of	transporting	the	Items	to	Panasonic	or	an	alternate	designated	location	for	inspection
and	testing	(if	transport	was	conducted	at	Tesla	expense);	and
	
	
c.
Reimburse	Tesla	for	the	reasonable	costs	of	inspection	and	testing	(if	they	were	conducted	by	a	third	party	at	Tesla​s	expense).
	
8.
If,	based	on	the	findings	of	Panasonic​s	investigation,	Panasonic	determines	that	the	Items	must	be	returned	to	the	Panasonic	factory	in	Japan,
Panasonic	will	arrange	for	pick	up	and	shipping	of	the	goods	to	the	factory	at	Panasonic​s	expense.
	
	
a.
[***]	will	work	with	Panasonic	Operations	to	complete	a	Return	Material	Authorization	form	(RMA).	[***]	will	issue	an	RMA	number
to	Tesla	as	soon	as	practical.
	
	
b.
The	RMA	number	must	be	issued	before	Tesla	transports	the	Items	either	to	the	Panasonic	factory,	or	to	an	alternate	designated
location.
	
	
c.
The	RMA	number	must	be	referenced	on	shipping	documentation.
	
9.
If	Panasonic	instructs	Tesla	in	writing	to	destroy	the	damaged	or	non-conforming	Items,	Panasonic	shall	reimburse	Tesla	for	the	reasonable	cost
of	such	destruction.
	
Tesla-Panasonic	​	Process	for	Damaged	Goods
		
	
Page	
2
	of	
2
		
[***]	Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has	been	requested
with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.
			
EXHIBIT	12.1
Ratio	of	Earnings	to	Fixed	Charges
The	ratio	of	earnings	to	fixed	charges	for	each	of	the	periods	indicated	is	as	follows.
	
	
		
Year	Ended	December	31,
	
	
		
2013
	
		
2012
	
		
2011
	
		
2010
	
		
2009
	
Ratio	of	earnings	to	fixed	charges	(1)
		
	
​		
		
		
	
​		
		
		
	
​		
		
		
	
​		
		
		
	
​		
		
	
(1)
For	the	purpose	of	calculating	such	ratios,	​earnings​	consist	of	income	from	continuing	operations	before	income	taxes	plus	fixed	charges	and
​fixed	charges​	consist	of	interest	expense	(net	of	capitalized	portion),	capitalized	interest,	amortization	of	debt	discount	and	the	portion	of	rental
expense	representative	of	interest	expense.	Earnings	were	inadequate	to	cover	the	fixed	charges	by	$73.5	million,	$403.3	million,	$259.0	million,
$155.0	million	and	$55.7	million	for	the	years	ended	December	31,	2013,	2012,	2011,	2010	and	2009,	respectively.
EXHIBIT	23.1
CONSENT	OF	INDEPENDENT	REGISTERED	PUBLIC	ACCOUNTING	FIRM
We	hereby	consent	to	the	incorporation	by	reference	in	the	Registration	Statements	on	Form	S-8	(No.	333-183033,	No.	333-187113,	and	No.	333-
167874),	and	in	the	Registration	Statement	on	Form	S-3	(No.	333-188625)	of	Tesla	Motors,	Inc.	of	our	report	dated	February	26,	2014	relating	to	the
financial	statements	and	the	effectiveness	of	internal	control	over	financial	reporting,	which	appears	in	this	Form	
10-K.
/s/	PricewaterhouseCoopers	LLP
PricewaterhouseCoopers	LLP
San	Jose,	California
February	26,	2014
EXHIBIT	31.1
CERTIFICATIONS
I,	Elon	Musk,	certify	that:
	
1.
I	have	reviewed	this	Annual	Report	on	Form	10-K	of	Tesla	Motors,	Inc.;
	
2.
Based	on	my	knowledge,	this	report	does	not	contain	any	untrue	statement	of	a	material	fact	or	omit	to	state	a	material	fact	necessary	to	make
the	statements	made,	in	light	of	the	circumstances	under	which	such	statements	were	made,	not	misleading	with	respect	to	the	period	covered	by
this	report;
	
3.
Based	on	my	knowledge,	the	financial	statements,	and	other	financial	information	included	in	this	report,	fairly	present	in	all	material	respects	thefinancial	condition,	results	of	operations	and	cash	flows	of	the	registrant	as	of,	and	for,	the	periods	presented	in	this	report;
	
4.
The	registrant​s	other	certifying	officer	and	I	are	responsible	for	establishing	and	maintaining	disclosure	controls	and	procedures	(as	defined	in
Exchange	Act	Rules	13a-15(e)	and	15d-15(e))	and	internal	control	over	financial	reporting	(as	defined	in	Exchange	Act	Rules	13a-15(f)	and	15d-
15(f))	for	the	registrant	and	have:
	
	
(a)
Designed	such	disclosure	controls	and	procedures,	or	caused	such	disclosure	controls	and	procedures	to	be	designed	under	our
supervision,	to	ensure	that	material	information	relating	to	the	registrant,	including	its	consolidated	subsidiaries,	is	made	known	to	us	by
others	within	those	entities,	particularly	during	the	period	in	which	this	report	is	being	prepared;
	
	
(b)
Designed	such	internal	control	over	financial	reporting,	or	caused	such	internal	control	over	financial	reporting	to	be	designed	under	our
supervision,	to	provide	reasonable	assurance	regarding	the	reliability	of	financial	reporting	and	the	preparation	of	financial	statements	for
external	purposes	in	accordance	with	generally	accepted	accounting	principles;
	
	
(c)
Evaluated	the	effectiveness	of	the	registrant​s	disclosure	controls	and	procedures	and	presented	in	this	report	our	conclusions	about	the
effectiveness	of	the	disclosure	controls	and	procedures,	as	of	the	end	of	the	period	covered	by	this	report	based	on	such	evaluation;	and
	
	
(d)
Disclosed	in	this	report	any	change	in	the	registrant​s	internal	control	over	financial	reporting	that	occurred	during	the	registrant​s	most
recent	fiscal	quarter	(the	registrant​s	fourth	fiscal	quarter	in	the	case	of	an	annual	report)	that	has	materially	affected,	or	is	reasonably
likely	to	materially	affect,	the	registrant​s	internal	control	over	financial	reporting;	and
	
5.
The	registrant​s	other	certifying	officer	and	I	have	disclosed,	based	on	our	most	recent	evaluation	of	internal	control	over	financial	reporting,	to
the	registrant​s	auditors	and	the	audit	committee	of	the	registrant​s	Board	of	Directors	(or	persons	performing	the	equivalent	functions):
	
	
(a)
All	significant	deficiencies	and	material	weaknesses	in	the	design	or	operation	of	internal	control	over	financial	reporting	which	are
reasonably	likely	to	adversely	affect	the	registrant​s	ability	to	record,	process,	summarize	and	report	financial	information;	and
	
	
(b)
Any	fraud,	whether	or	not	material,	that	involves	management	or	other	employees	who	have	a	significant	role	in	the	registrant​s	internal
control	over	financial	reporting.
	
Date:	February	26,	2014
	
	
	
/s/	Elon	Musk
	
	
	
Elon	Musk
	
	
	
Chief	Executive	Officer
(Principal	Executive	Officer)
EXHIBIT	31.2
CERTIFICATIONS
I,	Deepak	Ahuja,	certify	that:
	
1.
I	have	reviewed	this	Annual	Report	on	Form	10-K	of	Tesla	Motors,	Inc.;
	
2.
Based	on	my	knowledge,	this	report	does	not	contain	any	untrue	statement	of	a	material	fact	or	omit	to	state	a	material	fact	necessary	to	make
the	statements	made,	in	light	of	the	circumstances	under	which	such	statements	were	made,	not	misleading	with	respect	to	the	period	covered	by
this	report;
	
3.
Based	on	my	knowledge,	the	financial	statements,	and	other	financial	information	included	in	this	report,	fairly	present	in	all	material	respects	the
financial	condition,	results	of	operations	and	cash	flows	of	the	registrant	as	of,	and	for,	the	periods	presented	in	this	report;
	
4.
The	registrant​s	other	certifying	officer	and	I	are	responsible	for	establishing	and	maintaining	disclosure	controls	and	procedures	(as	defined	in
Exchange	Act	Rules	13a-15(e)	and	15d-15(e))	and	internal	control	over	financial	reporting	(as	defined	in	Exchange	Act	Rules	13a-15(f)	and	15d-
15(f))	for	the	registrant	and	have:
	
	
(a)
Designed	such	disclosure	controls	and	procedures,	or	caused	such	disclosure	controls	and	procedures	to	be	designed	under	our
supervision,	to	ensure	that	material	information	relating	to	the	registrant,	including	its	consolidated	subsidiaries,	is	made	known	to	us	by
others	within	those	entities,	particularly	during	the	period	in	which	this	report	is	being	prepared;
	
	
(b)
Designed	such	internal	control	over	financial	reporting,	or	caused	such	internal	control	over	financial	reporting	to	be	designed	under	our
supervision,	to	provide	reasonable	assurance	regarding	the	reliability	of	financial	reporting	and	the	preparation	of	financial	statements	for
external	purposes	in	accordance	with	generally	accepted	accounting	principles;
	
	
(c)
Evaluated	the	effectiveness	of	the	registrant​s	disclosure	controls	and	procedures	and	presented	in	this	report	our	conclusions	about	the
effectiveness	of	the	disclosure	controls	and	procedures,	as	of	the	end	of	the	period	covered	by	this	report	based	on	such	evaluation;	and
	
	
(d)
Disclosed	in	this	report	any	change	in	the	registrant​s	internal	control	over	financial	reporting	that	occurred	during	the	registrant​s	most
recent	fiscal	quarter	(the	registrant​s	fourth	fiscal	quarter	in	the	case	of	an	annual	report)	that	has	materially	affected,	or	is	reasonably
likely	to	materially	affect,	the	registrant​s	internal	control	over	financial	reporting;	and
	
5.
The	registrant​s	other	certifying	officer	and	I	have	disclosed,	based	on	our	most	recent	evaluation	of	internal	control	over	financial	reporting,	to
the	registrant​s	auditors	and	the	audit	committee	of	the	registrant​s	Board	of	Directors	(or	persons	performing	the	equivalent	functions):
	
	
(a)
All	significant	deficiencies	and	material	weaknesses	in	the	design	or	operation	of	internal	control	over	financial	reporting	which	are
reasonably	likely	to	adversely	affect	the	registrant​s	ability	to	record,	process,	summarize	and	report	financial	information;	and
	
	
(b)
Any	fraud,	whether	or	not	material,	that	involves	management	or	other	employees	who	have	a	significant	role	in	the	registrant​s	internal
control	over	financial	reporting.
	
Date:	February	26,	2014
	
	
	
/s/	Deepak	Ahuja
	
	
	
Deepak	Ahuja
	
	
	
Chief	Financial	Officer
(Principal	Financial	Officer)
EXHIBIT	32.1
SECTION	1350	CERTIFICATIONS
I,	Elon	Musk,	certify,	pursuant	to	18	U.S.C.	Section	1350,	that,	to	my	knowledge,	the	Annual	Report	of	Tesla	Motors,	Inc.	on	Form	10-K	for	the	annualperiod	ended	December	31,	2013,	(i)	fully	complies	with	the	requirements	of	Section	13(a)	or	15(d)	of	the	Securities	Exchange	Act	of	1934	and	(ii)	that
the	information	contained	in	such	Form	10-K	fairly	presents,	in	all	material	respects,	the	financial	condition	and	results	of	operations	of	Tesla	Motors,
Inc.
	
Date:	February	26,	2014
	
	
	
/s/	Elon	Musk
	
	
	
Elon	Musk
	
	
	
Chief	Executive	Officer
(Principal	Executive	Officer)
I,	Deepak	Ahuja,	certify,	pursuant	to	18	U.S.C.	Section	1350,	that,	to	my	knowledge,	the	Annual	Report	of	Tesla	Motors,	Inc.	on	Form	10-K	for	the
annual	period	ended	December	31,	2013,	(i)	fully	complies	with	the	requirements	of	Section	13(a)	or	15(d)	of	the	Securities	Exchange	Act	of	1934	and
(ii)	that	the	information	contained	in	such	Form	10-K	fairly	presents,	in	all	material	respects,	the	financial	condition	and	results	of	operations	of	Tesla
Motors,	Inc.
	
Date:	February	26,	2014
	
	
	
/s/	Deepak	Ahuja
	
	
	
Deepak	Ahuja
	
	
	
Chief	Financial	Officer
(Principal	Financial	Officer)