10-K	
1	
tsla-10k_20151231.htm	
10-K
	
UNITED	STATES
SECURITIES	AND	EXCHANGE	COMMISSION
Washington,	D.C.	20549
	
FORM	10-K
	
(Mark	One)
x
ANNUAL	REPORT	PURSUANT	TO	SECTION	13	OR	15(d)	OF	THE	SECURITIES	EXCHANGE	ACT	OF	1934
For	the	fiscal	year	ended	December	31,	2015
OR
¨
TRANSITION	REPORT	PURSUANT	TO	SECTION	13	OR	15(d)	OF	THE	SECURITIES	EXCHANGE	ACT	OF	1934
For	the	transition	period	from	
																				
	to	
																					
Commission	File	Number:	001-34756
	
Tesla	Motors,	Inc.
(Exact	name	of	registrant	as	specified	in	its	charter)
	
	
Delaware
	
91-2197729
(State	or	other	jurisdiction	of
incorporation	or	organization)
	
(I.R.S.	Employer
Identification	No.)
	
	
	
3500	Deer	Creek	Road
Palo	Alto,	California
	
94304
(Address	of	principal	executive	offices)
	
(Zip	Code)
(650)	681-5000
(Registrant’s	telephone	number,	including	area	code)
Securities	registered	pursuant	to	Section	12(b)	of	the	Act:
	
Title	of	each	class
	
Name	of	each	exchange	on	which	registered
Common	Stock,	$0.001	par	value
	
The	NASDAQ	Stock	Market	LLC
Securities	registered	pursuant	to	Section	12(g)	of	the	Act:
None
	
Indicate	by	check	mark	whether	the	registrant	is	a	well-known	seasoned	issuer,	as	defined	in	Rule	405	of	the	Securities	Act.				Yes		
x
				No		
¨
Indicate	by	check	mark	if	the	registrant	is	not	required	to	file	reports	pursuant	to	Section	13	or	15(d)	of	the	Act.				Yes		
¨
				No		
x
Indicate	by	check	mark	whether	the	registrant	(1)	has	filed	all	reports	required	to	be	filed	by	Section	13	or	15(d)	of	the	Securities	Exchange	Act	of	1934	(“Exchange	Act”)
during	the	preceding	12	months	(or	for	such	shorter	period	that	the	registrant	was	required	to	file	such	reports),	and	(2)	has	been	subject	to	such	filing	requirements	for	the	past
90	days.				Yes		
x
				No		
¨
Indicate	by	check	mark	whether	the	registrant	has	submitted	electronically	and	posted	on	its	corporate	Web	site,	if	any,	every	Interactive	Data	File	required	to	be	submitted
and	posted	pursuant	to	Rule	405	of	Regulation	S-T	during	the	preceding	12	months	(or	for	such	shorter	period	that	the	registrant	was	required	to	submit	and	post	such
files).				Yes		
x
				No		
¨
Indicate	by	check	mark	if	disclosure	of	delinquent	filers	pursuant	to	Item	405	of	Regulation	S-K	(§229.405	of	this	chapter)	is	not	contained	herein,	and	will	not	be	contained,	to
the	best	of	registrant’s	knowledge,	in	definitive	proxy	or	information	statements	incorporated	by	reference	in	Part	III	of	this	Form	10-K	or	any	amendment	to	this	Form	10-K.		
¨
Indicate	by	check	mark	whether	the	registrant	is	a	large	accelerated	filer,	an	accelerated	filer,	a	non-accelerated	filer	or	a	smaller	reporting	company.	See	the	definitions	of
“large	accelerated	filer,”	“accelerated	filer,”	and	“smaller	reporting	company”	in	Rule	12b-2	of	the	Exchange	Act:
	
Large	accelerated	filer
	
x
		
Accelerated	filer
	
¨
	
	
	
	
Non-accelerated	filer
	
¨
		(Do	not	check	if	a	smaller	reporting	company)
		
Smaller	reporting	company
	
¨
Indicate	by	check	mark	whether	the	registrant	is	a	shell	company	(as	defined	in	Rule	12b-2	of	the	Exchange	Act).				Yes		
¨
				No			
x
The	aggregate	market	value	of	voting	stock	held	by	non-affiliates	of	the	registrant,	as	of	June	30,	2015,	the	last	day	of	registrant’s	most	recently	completed	second	fiscal
quarter,	was	$26,340,519,416	(based	on	the	closing	price	for	shares	of	the	registrant’s	Common	Stock	as	reported	by	the	NASDAQ	Global	Select	Market	on	June	30,	2015).	Shares
of	Common	Stock	held	by	each	executive	officer,	director,	and	holder	of	5%	or	more	of	the	outstanding	Common	Stock	have	been	excluded	in	that	such	persons	may	be	deemed	to
be	affiliates.	This	determination	of	affiliate	status	is	not	necessarily	a	conclusive	determination	for	other	purposes.
As	of	January	31,	2016,	there	were	132,056,338	shares	of	the	registrant’s	Common	Stock	outstanding.
DOCUMENTS	INCORPORATED	BY	REFERENCE
Portions	of	the	registrant’s	Proxy	Statement	for	the	2015	Annual	Meeting	of	Stockholders	are	incorporated	herein	by	reference	in	Part	III	of	this	Annual	Report	on	Form	10-K	to
the	extent	stated	herein.	Such	proxy	statement	will	be	filed	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission	within	120	days	of	the	registrant’s	fiscal	year	ended	December	31,	2015.
	
	
	
	TESLA	MOTORS,	INC.
ANNUAL	REPORT	ON	FORM	10-K	FOR	THE	YEAR	ENDED	DECEMBER	31,	2015
INDEX
	
	
	
	
	
Page
PART	I.
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Item	1.
	
Business
		
4
Item	1A.
	
Risk	Factors
	
13
Item	1B.
	
Unresolved	Staff	Comments
	
27
Item	2.
	
Properties
	
28
Item	3.
	
Legal	Proceedings
	
28
Item	4.
	
Mine	Safety	Disclosures
	
28
	
	
	
PART	II.
	
	
	
	
	
	
Item	5.
	
Market	for	Registrant’s	Common	Equity,	Related	Stockholder	Matters	and	Issuer	Purchases	of	Equity	Securities
	
29
Item	6.
	
Selected	Financial	Data
	
31
Item	7.
	
Management’s	Discussion	and	Analysis	of	Financial	Condition	and	Results	of	Operations
	
32
Item	7A.
	
Quantitative	and	Qualitative	Disclosures	About	Market	Risk
	
43
Item	8.
	
Financial	Statements	and	Supplementary	Data
	
45
Item	9.
	
Changes	in	and	Disagreements	with	Accountants	on	Accounting	and	Financial	Disclosure
	
74
Item	9A.
	
Controls	and	Procedures
	
74
Item	9B.
	
Other	Information
	
74
	
	
	
PART	III.
	
	
	
	
	
	
Item	10.
	
Directors,	Executive	Officers	and	Corporate	Governance
	
75
Item	11.
	
Executive	Compensation
	
75
Item	12.
	
Security	Ownership	of	Certain	Beneficial	Owners	and	Management	and	Related	Stockholder	Matters
	
75
Item	13.
	
Certain	Relationships	and	Related	Transactions,	and	Director	Independence
	
75
Item	14.
	
Principal	Accountant	Fees	and	Services
	
75
	
	
	
	
PART	IV.
	
	
	
	
	
	
Item	15.
	
Exhibits	and	Financial	Statement	Schedules
	
75
	
	
	
Signatures
	
82
	
	
	
2Forward-Looking	Statements
The	discussions	in	this	Annual	Report	on	Form	10-K	contain	forward-looking	statements	reflecting	our	current	expectations	that
involve	risks	and	uncertainties.	These	forward-looking	statements	include,	but	are	not	limited	to,	statements	concerning	our	strategy,
future	operations,	future	financial	position,	future	revenues,	projected	costs,	profitability,	expected	cost	reductions,	capital	adequacy,
expectations	regarding	demand	and	acceptance	for	our	technologies,	growth	opportunities	and	trends	in	the	market	in	which	we	operate,
prospects	and	plans	and	objectives	of	management.	The	words	“anticipates”,	“believes”,	“estimates”,	“expects”,	“intends”,	“may”,
“plans”,	“projects”,	“will”,	“would”	and	similar	expressions	are	intended	to	identify	forward-looking	statements,	although	not	all	forward-
looking	statements	contain	these	identifying	words.	We	may	not	actually	achieve	the	plans,	intentions	or	expectations	disclosed	in	our
forward-looking	statements	and	you	should	not	place	undue	reliance	on	our	forward-looking	statements.	Actual	results	or	events	could
differ	materially	from	the	plans,	intentions	and	expectations	disclosed	in	the	forward-looking	statements	that	we	make.	These	forward-
looking	statements	involve	risks	and	uncertainties	that	could	cause	our	actual	results	to	differ	materially	from	those	in	the	forward-
looking	statements,	including,	without	limitation,	the	risks	set	forth	in	Part	I,	Item	1A,	“Risk	Factors”	in	this	Annual	Report	on	Form	10-
K	and	in	our	other	filings	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	We	do	not	assume	any	obligation	to	update	any	forward-looking
statements.
	
	
	
3P
ART	I
I
TEM	1.
BUSINESS
Overview
We	design,	develop,	manufacture	and	sell	high-performance	fully	electric	vehicles	and	energy	storage	products.	We	have	established	our	own
network	of	vehicle	sales	and	service	centers	and	Supercharger	stations	globally	to	accelerate	the	widespread	adoption	of	electric	vehicles.	Our	vehicles,
electric	vehicle	engineering	expertise,	and	business	model	differentiates	us	from	incumbent	automobile	manufacturers.
We	currently	produce	and	sell	two	fully	electric	vehicles,	the	Model	S	sedan	and	the	Model	X	sport	utility	vehicle	(SUV).	Both	vehicles	offer
exceptional	performance,	functionality	and	attractive	styling.	We	commenced	deliveries	of	Model	S	in	June	2012	and	as	of	December	31,	2015	we	have
delivered	over	107,000	new	Model	S	vehicles	worldwide.	We	have	continued	to	improve	Model	S	by	introducing	performance,	all-wheel	drive	dual
motor,	and	autopilot	options,	as	well	as	free	over-the-air	software	updates.
We	commenced	customer	deliveries	of	Model	X	in	the	third	quarter	of	2015.	
This	unique	vehicle	offers	exceptional	safety,	seating	for	seven
people,	all-wheel	drive,	and	our	autopilot	functionality.	We	are	currently	ramping	production	and	deliveries	of	Model	X	in	the	United	States	and	plan	to
offer	it	in	Europe	and	Asia	in	2016.
After	the	Model	X,	our	goal	is	to	introduce	the	Model	3,	a	lower	priced	sedan	designed	for	the	mass	market.	
We	intend	to	unveil	Model	3	in	the
first	quarter	of	2016	and	start	production	and	deliveries	in	late	2017.
The	commercial	production	of	fully	electric	vehicles	that	meets	consumers’	range	and	performance	expectations	requires	substantial	design,
engineering,	and	integration	work	on	almost	every	system	of	our	vehicles.	Our	design	and	vehicle	engineering	capabilities,	combined	with	the	technical
advancements	of	our	powertrain	system,	have	enabled	us	to	design	and	develop	electric	vehicles	that	we	believe	overcome	the	design,	styling,	and
performance	issues	that	have	historically	limited	broad	consumer	adoption	of	electric	vehicles.	As	a	result,	our	customers	enjoy	several	benefits,
including:
	
·
Long	Range	and	Recharging	Flexibility.
	Our	vehicles	offer	ranges	that	significantly	exceed	those	of	any	other	commercially	available
electric	vehicle.	In	addition,	our	vehicles	incorporate	our	proprietary	on-board	charging	system,	permitting	recharging	from	almost	any
available	electrical	outlet.	Our	vehicles	also	offer	fast	charging	capability	from	our	Supercharger	network.	We	believe	the	long-range	and
charging	flexibility	of	our	vehicles	will	help	reduce	consumer	anxiety	over	range,	alleviate	the	need	for	expensive,	large-scale	charging
infrastructure,	and	differentiate	our	vehicles	as	compared	to	those	of	our	competitors.
	
·
High-Performance	Without	Compromised	Design	or	Functionality.
	Our	vehicles	deliver	unparalleled	driving	experiences	with
instantaneous	and	sustained	acceleration	through	an	extended	range	of	speed.	In	addition,	our	vehicles	provide	best	in	class	storage	in
the	trunk	and	hood	while	offering	design	and	performance	comparable	to,	or	better	than,	other	premium	vehicles.
	
·
Energy	Efficiency	and	Cost	of	Ownership.
	Our	vehicles	offer	consumers	an	attractive	cost	of	ownership	when	compared	to	similar	internal
combustion	engine	or	hybrid	electric	vehicles.	Using	only	an	electric	powertrain	enables	us	to	create	more	energy	efficient	vehicles	that
are	mechanically	simpler	than	currently	available	hybrid	or	internal	combustion	engine	vehicles.	The	cost	to	fuel	our	vehicles	is	less
compared	to	internal	combustion	vehicles.	We	also	expect	our	electric	vehicles	will	have	lower	relative	maintenance	costs	than	hybrid,
plug-in	hybrid,	or	internal	combustion	engine	vehicles	due	to	fewer	moving	parts	and	the	absence	of	certain	components,	including	oil,	oil
filters,	spark	plugs	and	engine	valves.	Additionally,	government	incentives	that	are	currently	available	can	reduce	the	cost	of	ownership
even	further.
We	sell	our	vehicles	through	our	own	sales	and	service	network	which	we	are	continuing	to	grow	globally.	
We	believe	the	benefits	we	receive
from	distribution	ownership	will	enable	us	to	improve	the	overall	customer	experience,	the	speed	of	product	development	and	the	capital	efficiency	of
our	business.	
We	are	also	continuing	to	build	our	network	of	Superchargers	in	the	United	States,	Europe	and	Asia	to	provide	fast	charging	that	enables
convenient	long	distance	travel.
In	addition	to	developing	our	own	vehicles,	we	sell	energy	storage	products.	We	recently	announced	the	next	generation	of	our	energy	storage
products,	the	7	kWh	and	10	kWh	Powerwall	for	residential	applications	and	the	100	kWh	Powerpack	for	commercial	and	industrial	applications.	We
began	production	and	deliveries	of	these	products,	which	we	market	under	the	Tesla	Energy	brand,	in	the	third	quarter	of	2015.
We	manufacture	our	products	primarily	at	our	facilities	in	Fremont,	California,	Lathrop,	California,	Tilburg,	Netherlands	and	at	our	Gigafactory
near	Reno,	Nevada.	
We	are	currently	using	battery	packs	manufactured	at	the	Gigafactory	for	our	energy	storage	products,	and	will	do	so	for	our
vehicles	in	the	future.
Our	Vehicles	and	Products
We	currently	design,	develop,	manufacture	and	sell	fully	electric	vehicles	and	energy	storage	products.
4Model	S
Model	S	is	a	fully	electric,	four-door,	five-adult	passenger	sedan	that	offers	compelling	range	and	performance	with	zero	tailpipe	emissions.
Model	S	offers	a	range	on	a	single	charge	of	up	to	288	miles	as	determined	using	the	United	States	EPA’s	combined	two-cycle	city/highway	test.	We
offer	performance	and	all-wheel	drive	dual	motor	system	options.	The	performance	version	of	our	All-Wheel	Drive	Dual	Motor	Model	S	accelerates	from
0	to	60	miles	per	hour	in	2.8	seconds	with	the	Ludicrous	speed	upgrade.
Model	S	offers	a	unique	combination	of	functionality,	convenience,	safety	and	styling	without	compromising	performance	and	energy	efficiency.
With	the	battery	pack	in	the	floor	of	the	vehicle	and	the	motor	and	gearbox	in	line	with	the	rear	axle,	our	single	motor	Model	S	provides	best	in	class
storage	space.	Model	S	is	also	available	with	premium	luxury	features,	including	a	17	inch	touch	screen	driver	interface,	our	advanced	autopilot	system
with	both	active	safety	and	convenience	features,	and	over-the-air	software	updates.	We	believe	the	combination	of	performance,	safety,	styling,
convenience	and	energy	efficiency	of	Model	S	positions	it	as	a	compelling	alternative	to	other	vehicles	in	the	luxury	and	performance	segments.
Model	X
Model	X	is	a	sport	utility	vehicle	that	offers	exceptional	functionality	with	high	performance	features	such	as	our	fully	electric,	all-wheel	drive
dual	motor	system	and	our	autopilot	system.	Model	X	provides	up	to	257	miles	of	range	on	a	single	charge,	and	can	accelerate	from	0	to	60	as	quickly
as	3.2	seconds	with	the	Ludicrous	speed	upgrade.	Model	X	seats	seven	adults	and	incorporates	a	unique	falcon	wing	door	system	for	superior	access	to
the	second	and	third	seating	rows.	Although	the	National	Highway	Traffic	Safety	Administration	has	not	yet	conducted	crash	testing	on	Model	X,	based
on	our	internal	testing,	we	expect	Model	X	to	receive	the	highest	safety	rating	in	every	category.	We	began	customer	deliveries	of	Model	X	in	the	third
quarter	of	2015	in	the	United	States.	After	its	initial	launch	in	the	United	States,	Model	X	will	be	sold	in	all	the	markets	where	Model	S	is	available
including	in	Asia	and	Europe.
Model	3
We	have	also	publicly	announced	our	intent	to	develop	a	third	generation	electric	vehicle,	called	Model	3,	to	be	produced	at	the	Tesla	Factory.
We	intend	to	offer	this	vehicle	at	a	lower	price	point	and	expect	to	produce	it	at	higher	volumes	than	our	Model	S	or	Model	X.	We	plan	to	unveil	Model	3
in	March	of	2016	and	expect	to	start	production	and	deliveries	of	this	vehicle	in	late	2017.
Energy	Storage	Applications
Using	the	energy	management	technologies	and	manufacturing	processes	developed	for	our	vehicle	powertrain	systems,	we	have	developed
energy	storage	products	for	use	in	homes,	commercial	sites	and	utilities.	The	applications	for	these	battery	systems	include	backup	power,	peak
demand	reduction,	demand	response	and	wholesale	electric	market	services.	We	began	selling	our	home	systems	in	2013	and	our	commercial	and
utility	systems	in	2014.	We	recently	announced	the	next	generation	of	our	energy	storage	products	under	the	Tesla	Energy	brand.
The	Tesla	Energy	product	portfolio	will	include	energy	storage	products	with	a	wide	range	of	applications,	from	use	in	single	homes	to	use	in
larger	utility-scale	projects.	Tesla	Powerwall	is	a	rechargeable	lithium-ion	battery	designed	to	store	energy	at	a	residential	and	small	commercial	level
for	load	shifting,	backup	power	and	self-consumption	of	solar	power	generation.	Powerwall	is	available	in	storage	sizes	of	10kWh,	optimized	for	backup
applications,	or	7kWh,	optimized	for	daily	use	applications.	In	addition,	we	offer	a	100	kWh	Powerpack	for	peak	shaving,	load	shifting	and	demand
response	for	commercial	customers	and	for	renewable	firming	and	a	variety	of	grid	services	for	utilities.	For	utility	scale	systems,	100kWh	battery
blocks	can	be	grouped	together	to	offer	installation	of	over	10MWh.	We	began	production	of	our	Tesla	Energy	products	at	the	Gigafactory	in	the	fourth
quarter	of	2015.
Technology
Our	core	competencies	are	powertrain	engineering,	vehicle	engineering,	innovative	manufacturing	and	energy	storage.	Our	core	intellectual
property	resides	not	only	within	our	electric	powertrain,	but	also	within	our	ability	to	design	a	vehicle	that	utilizes	the	unique	advantages	of	an	electric
powertrain	and	the	latest	advancements	in	consumer	technologies.	Our	powertrain	consists	of	our	battery	pack,	power	electronics,	motor,	gearbox	and
control	software.	We	designed	our	powertrain	originally	for	our	first	vehicle,	the	Tesla	Roadster,	and	commercialized	improvements	into	vehicles
manufactured	by	Daimler	and	Toyota,	and	ultimately	into	the	Model	S	and	Model	X.	Today,	we	offer	several	powertrain	variants	for	the	Model	S	and
Model	X	that	incorporate	years	of	research	and	development	performed	since	the	original	design.	In	addition,	we	have	designed	our	vehicles	to
incorporate	the	latest	advances	in	consumer	technologies,	such	as	mobile	computing,	sensing,	displays,	and	connectivity.	Further	evolution	of	our
technology	continues	for	Model	3,	which	we	plan	to	offer	at	significantly	lower	price.	In	addition,	advancements	originally	commercialized	in	our
vehicles	are	being	leveraged	for	our	storage	applications.
5Battery	Pack
We	design	our	battery	packs	to	achieve	high	energy	density	at	a	low	cost	while	also	maintaining	safety,	reliability	and	long	life.	Our	proprietary
technology	includes	systems	for	high	density	energy	storage,	cooling,	safety,	charge	balancing,	structural	durability,	and	electronics	management.	We
have	also	pioneered	advanced	manufacturing	techniques	to	manufacture	large	volumes	of	battery	packs	with	high	quality	and	low	costs.
We	have	significant	expertise	in	the	safety	and	management	systems	needed	to	use	lithium-ion	cells	in	the	automotive	environment,	and	have
actively	worked	with	lithium-ion	cell	suppliers	to	further	optimize	cell	designs	to	increase	overall	performance.	These	advancements	have	enabled	us	to
improve	cost	and	performance	of	our	batteries	over	time.	For	example,	in	2015	alone,	we	upgraded	the	battery	of	our	lowest	range	Model	S	from	60
kWh	to	70	kWh,	and	our	highest	range	Model	S	to	90	kWh.
Our	engineering	and	manufacturing	efforts	have	been	performed	with	a	longer-term	goal	of	building	a	foundation	for	further	development.	For
instance,	we	have	designed	our	battery	pack	to	permit	flexibility	with	respect	to	battery	cell	chemistry	and	form	factor.	In	so	doing,	we	can	leverage	the
substantial	investments	and	advancements	being	made	globally	by	battery	cell	manufacturers	to	continue	to	improve	cost.	We	maintain	extensive
testing	and	R&D	capabilities	at	the	individual	cell	level,	the	full	battery-pack	level,	and	other	critical	battery	pack	systems.	As	a	result,	we	have	built	an
expansive	body	of	knowledge	on	lithium-ion	cell	vendors,	chemistry	types,	and	performance	characteristics.	We	believe	that	the	flexibility	of	our
designs,	combined	with	our	research	and	real-world	performance	data,	will	enable	us	to	continue	to	evaluate	new	battery	cells	as	they	become
commercially	viable,	and	thereby	optimize	battery	pack	system	performance	and	cost	for	our	current	and	future	vehicles.
Power	Electronics
The	power	electronics	in	our	electric	vehicle	powertrain	govern	the	flow	of	high	voltage	electrical	current	throughout	the	vehicle.	The	power
electronics	have	two	primary	functions,	powering	our	electric	motor	to	generate	torque	while	driving	and	delivering	energy	into	the	battery	pack	while
charging.
The	first	function	is	accomplished	through	the	drive	inverter,	which	converts	direct	current	(DC)	from	the	battery	pack	into	alternating	current
(AC)	to	drive	our	induction	motors.	The	drive	inverter	also	provides	“regenerative	braking”	functionality,	which	captures	energy	from	the	wheels	to
charge	the	battery	pack	when	needed.	Tesla	has	developed	a	family	of	drive	inverter	designs	that	are	customized	to	its	proprietary	motor	designs	to
most	efficiently	meet	the	demands	of	each	of	our	vehicles.	The	primary	technological	advantages	to	our	designs	include	the	ability	to	drive	large
amounts	of	current	in	a	small	physical	package.
The	second	function,	charging	the	battery	pack,	is	accomplished	by	the	charger,	which	converts	alternating	current	(usually	from	a	wall	outlet	or
other	electricity	source)	into	direct	current	that	can	be	accepted	by	the	battery.	Tesla	vehicles	can	recharge	on	a	wide	variety	of	electricity	sources	due
to	the	design	of	this	charger,	from	a	common	household	outlet	to	high	power	circuits	meant	for	more	industrial	uses.	In	most	markets,	Tesla	vehicles
come	with	a	Mobile	Connector	that	allows	for	multiple	different	charging	services	to	be	used.	In	many	markets,	Tesla	offers	a	Tesla	Wall	Connector	that
can	be	set	up	to	provide	higher	power	charging	than	the	Mobile	Connectors.
On	the	road,	customers	can	also	charge	using	our	Supercharger	network	or	at	a	variety	of	destinations	that	have	deployed	our	charging
equipment.	In	addition,	Model	S	vehicles	can	charge	at	a	variety	of	public	charging	stations	around	the	world,	either	natively	or	through	a	suite	of
adapters.	This	flexibility	in	charging	provides	customers	with	additional	mobility,	while	also	allowing	them	to	conveniently	charge	the	vehicle	overnight
at	home.
Dual	Motor	Powertrain
In	October	of	2014,	we	launched	the	initial	version	of	our	dual	motor	powertrain,	which	uses	two	electric	motors	to	provide	greater	efficiency,
performance,	and	range	in	an	all-wheel	drive	configuration.	Conventional	all-wheel	drive	vehicles	distribute	power	to	the	wheels	from	a	single	engine
driving	a	complex	mechanical	transmission	system.	By	contrast,	Tesla’s	dual	motor	powertrain	digitally	and	independently	controls	torque	to	the	front
and	rear	wheels.	The	almost	instantaneous	response	of	the	motors,	combined	with	low	centers	of	gravity	provides	drivers	with	controlled	performance
and	increased	traction	control.
Vehicle	Control	and	Infotainment	Software
The	performance	and	safety	systems	of	our	vehicles	and	their	battery	packs	require	sophisticated	control	software.	There	are	numerous
processors	in	our	vehicles	to	control	these	functions,	and	we	write	custom	firmware	for	many	of	these	processors.	The	flow	of	electricity	between	the
battery	pack	and	the	motor	must	be	tightly	controlled	in	order	to	deliver	the	performance	and	behavior	expected	in	the	vehicle.	For	example,	software
algorithms	enable	the	vehicle	to	mimic	the	“creep”	feeling	which	drivers	expect	from	an	internal	combustion	engine	vehicle	without	having	to	apply
pressure	on	the	accelerator.	Similar	algorithms	control	traction,	vehicle	stability	and	the	sustained	acceleration	and	regenerative	braking	of	the	vehicle.
Software	also	is	used	extensively	to	monitor	the	charge	state	of	each	of	the	cells	of	the	battery	pack	and	to	manage	all	of	its	safety	systems.	Drivers	use
the	information	and	control	systems	in	our	vehicles	to	optimize	performance,	customize	vehicle	behavior,	manage	charging	modes	and	times	and	control
all	infotainment	functions.	We	develop	almost	all	of	this	software,	including	most	of	the	user	interfaces,	internally.
6Autopilot	Systems
We	have	developed	an	expertise	in	vehicle	autopilot	systems,	including	auto-steering,	traffic	aware	cruise	control,	lane	changing,	automated
parking,	driver	warning	systems	and	automated	braking	functions.	In	October	of	2014,	we	began	equipping	all	Model	S	vehicles	with	hardware	to	allow
for	the	incremental	introduction	of	autopilot	technology.	Our	autopilot	systems	relieve	our	drivers	of	the	most	tedious	and	potentially	dangerous	aspects
of	road	travel.	Although	the	driver	is	ultimately	responsible	for	controlling	the	vehicle,	our	system	provides	safety	and	convenience	functionality	that
allows	our	customers	to	rely	on	it	much	like	the	system	that	airplane	pilots	use	when	conditions	permit.	Our	autopilot	system	leverages	an	advanced	set
of	hardware	including	a	forward	radar,	a	forward-looking	camera,	12	long-range	ultrasonic	sensors,	and	a	high-precision	digitally	controlled	electric
assist	braking	system.	This	hardware	suite,	along	with	over-the-air	firmware	updates	and	field	data	feedback	loops	from	the	onboard	camera,	radar,
ultrasonics,	and	GPS,	enables	the	system	to	continually	learn	and	improve	its	performance.
Vehicle	Design	and	Engineering
In	addition	to	the	design,	development	and	production	of	the	powertrain,	we	have	created	significant	in-house	capabilities	in	the	design	and
engineering	of	electric	vehicles	and	electric	vehicle	components	and	systems.	We	design	and	engineer	bodies,	chassis,	interiors,	heating	and	cooling
and	low	voltage	electrical	systems	in	house	and	to	a	lesser	extent	in	conjunction	with	our	suppliers.	Our	team	has	core	competencies	in	computer	aided
design	and	crash	test	simulations	which	we	expect	to	reduce	the	product	development	time	of	new	models.
Additionally,	our	team	has	expertise	in	lightweight	materials,	a	very	important	characteristic	for	electric	vehicles	given	the	impact	of	mass	on
range.	Model	S	and	Model	X	are	built	with	a	lightweight	aluminum	body	and	chassis	which	incorporates	a	variety	of	materials	and	production	methods
that	help	optimize	the	weight	of	the	vehicle.
Vehicle	Sales	and	Marketing
Company-Owned	Stores	and	Galleries
We	market	and	sell	cars	directly	to	consumers	through	an	international	network	of	company-owned	stores	and	galleries.	Our	Tesla	stores	and
galleries	are	highly	visible,	premium	outlets	in	major	metropolitan	markets,	some	of	which	combine	retail	sales	and	service.	We	have	also	found	that
opening	a	service	center	in	a	new	geographic	area	can	increase	demand.	As	a	result,	we	have	complemented	our	store	strategy	with	sales	facilities	and
personnel	in	service	centers	to	more	rapidly	expand	our	retail	footprint.	We	refer	to	these	as	“Service	Plus”	locations.	Including	all	of	our	stores,
galleries,	Service	Plus	and	service	facilities,	we	operated	208	locations	around	the	world	as	of	December	31,	2015.
We	own	our	sales	and	service	network	because	the	traditional	franchised	distribution	and	service	model	is	not	viable	for	a	business	like	ours.	In
our	company-owned	network,	our	customers	deal	directly	with	our	own	Tesla-employed	sales	and	service	staff,	creating	a	differentiated	buying
experience	from	the	buying	experience	consumers	have	with	franchised	automobile	dealers	and	service	centers.	We	believe	we	will	also	be	able	to
better	control	costs	of	inventory,	manage	warranty	service	and	pricing,	maintain	and	strengthen	the	Tesla	brand,	and	obtain	rapid	customer	feedback.
Tesla	Supercharger	Network
We	are	building	a	network	of	up	to	120	kW	fast	charging	equipment,	each	called	a	Tesla	Supercharger,	throughout	North	America,	Europe	and
Asia	for	fast	charging	of	Tesla	vehicles.	Our	Supercharger	network	is	a	strategic	corporate	initiative	designed	to	remove	a	barrier	to	the	broader
adoption	of	electric	vehicles	caused	by	the	perception	of	limited	vehicle	range	and	to	provide	fast	charging	to	enable	long-distance	travel.	The	Tesla
Supercharger	is	an	industrial	grade,	high	speed	charger	designed	to	replenish	170	miles	of	range	in	the	battery	pack	in	as	little	as	30	minutes.
Supercharger	stations	typically	have	between	four	to	ten	Superchargers	and	are	strategically	placed	primarily	along	well-travelled	highways	to	allow
Model	S	and	Model	X	owners	to	enjoy	long	distance	travel	with	convenient,	minimal	stops.	As	of	December	31,	2015,	we	had	584	Supercharger	stations
open	in	North	America,	Europe,	and	Asia.	We	are	planning	to	continue	to	expand	the	Supercharger	network	in	the	United	States,	Europe	and	Asia.
Destination	Charging
We	are	working	with	a	wide	variety	of	hospitality	locations,	including	hotels	and	popular	destinations,	to	offer	an	additional	charging	option	for
our	customers.	These	destination	charging	partners	deploy	our	wall	connectors	and	provide	charging	to	Model	S	owners	that	patronize	their	businesses.
As	of	December	31,	2015,	over	1,800	locations	around	the	world	had	more	than	3,100	Tesla	wall	connectors	installed.
Orders	and	Reservations
We	typically	carry	a	very	limited	inventory	of	our	vehicles	at	our	Tesla	stores.	The	vast	majority	of	our	customers	customize	their	vehicle	by
placing	an	order	with	us	via	the	Internet.	To	begin	production	or	make	a	reservation,	we	require	an	initial	payment	which	is	collected	once	the	customer
has	selected	the	vehicle	specifications	and	has	entered	into	a	purchase	agreement.	We	require	all	remaining	payment	of	the	purchase	price	of	the
vehicle	upon	delivery	of	the	vehicle	to	the	customer.
7Marketing
Our	principal	marketing	goals	are	to:
	
·
generate	demand	for	our	vehicles	and	drive	leads	to	our	sales	teams;
	
·
build	long-term	brand	awareness	and	manage	corporate	reputation;
	
·
manage	our	existing	customer	base	to	create	loyalty	and	customer	referrals,	including	through	our	referral	programs;	and
	
·
enable	customer	input	into	the	product	development	process.
Historically,	we	have	been	able	to	generate	significant	media	coverage	of	our	company	and	our	vehicles,	and	we	believe	we	will	continue	to	do
so.	To	date,	media	coverage	and	word	of	mouth	have	been	the	primary	drivers	of	our	sales	leads	and	have	helped	us	achieve	sales	without	traditional
advertising	and	at	relatively	low	marketing	costs.
Vehicle	Service	and	Warranty
Service
We	provide	service	for	our	electric	vehicles	at	our	company-owned	service	centers,	at	our	Service	Plus	locations	or,	in	certain	areas	for	an
additional	charge,	through	Tesla	Ranger	mobile	technicians	who	provide	services	that	do	not	require	a	vehicle	lift.	We	owned	and	operated	118	service
locations	as	of	December	31,	2015.	We	are	continuing	our	plan	to	build	a	number	of	additional	service	centers	in	several	markets	worldwide.
Our	vehicles	are	designed	with	the	capability	to	wirelessly	upload	the	data	to	us	via	an	on-board	system	with	cellular	connectivity,	allowing	us	to
diagnose	and	remedy	many	problems	before	ever	looking	at	the	vehicle.	When	maintenance	or	service	is	required,	a	customer	can	schedule	service	by
contacting	one	of	our	Tesla	service	centers.	Our	Tesla	Rangers,	or	mobile	service	team,	can	also	perform	an	array	of	services	from	the	convenience	of	a
customer’s	home	or	other	remote	location.
Our	company-owned	service	centers	enable	our	technicians	to	work	closely	with	our	engineers	and	research	and	development	teams	in	Silicon
Valley	to	identify	problems,	find	solutions,	and	incorporate	improvements	faster	than	incumbent	automobile	manufacturers.
New	Vehicle	Limited	Warranty,	Maintenance	and	Extended	Service	Plans
We	provide	a	four	year	or	50,000	mile	New	Vehicle	Limited	Warranty	with	every	new	vehicle,	subject	to	separate	limited	warranties	for	the
supplemental	restraint	system	and	battery.	For	the	battery	and	drive	unit	on	our	current	new	vehicles,	we	offer	an	eight	year,	infinite	mile	warranty,
although	the	battery’s	charging	capacity	is	not	covered.
In	addition	to	the	New	Vehicle	Limited	Warranty,	we	offer	a	comprehensive	maintenance	program	for	every	new	vehicle,	which	includes	plans
covering	prepaid	maintenance	for	up	to	eight	years	or	up	to	100,000	miles	and	an	Extended	Service	plan.	The	maintenance	plans	cover	annual
inspections	and	the	replacement	of	wear	and	tear	parts,	excluding	tires	and	the	battery.	The	Extended	Service	plan	covers	the	repair	or	replacement	of
vehicle	parts	for	up	to	an	additional	four	years	or	up	to	an	additional	50,000	miles	after	the	New	Vehicle	Limited	Warranty.
Our	New	Vehicle	Limited	Warranty	and	Extended	Service	plans	are	subject	to	certain	limitations,	exclusions	or	separate	warranties,	including	on
certain	wear	items,	such	as	tires,	brake	pads,	paint	and	general	appearance,	and	battery	performance,	and	are	intended	to	cover	parts	and	labor	to
repair	defects	in	material	or	workmanship	in	the	body,	chassis,	suspension,	interior,	electronic	systems,	battery,	powertrain	and	brake	system.	In
addition,	all	prepaid	maintenance	and	Extended	Service	plans	must	be	purchased	within	a	specified	period	of	time	after	vehicle	purchase	or	warranty
expiration.
Financial	Services
We	offer	loans	and	leases	for	our	vehicles	in	North	America,	Europe	and	Asia	primarily	through	various	financial	institutions.	We	also	offer
financing	arrangements	directly	through	our	local	subsidiaries	in	certain	areas	of	the	United	States,	Germany,	Canada	and	the	UK.	
We	intend	to
broaden	our	financial	services	offerings	during	the	next	few	years.
Certain	of	our	financing	programs	provide	customers	with	a	resale	value	guarantee	under	which	those	customers	have	the	option	of	selling	their
vehicle	back	to	us	at	a	preset	future	date,	generally	during	the	period	of	36	to	39	months	following	delivery	for	a	pre-determined	resale	value
.	This
structure	allows	the	customer	to	enjoy	the	benefits	of	vehicle	ownership	without	concern	for	resale	value.	We	introduced	this	program	in	North	America
in	2013	and	expanded	it	to	selected	European	and	APAC	markets	in	2014	and	2015.	
In	certain	markets,	we	also	offer	residual	value	guarantees	to
financial	institutions	which	may	obligate	us	to	repurchase	the	vehicles	for	a	pre-determined	price.
8Manufacturing
We	conduct	vehicle	manufacturing	and	assembly	operations	at	our	facilities	in	Fremont,	California;	Lathrop,	California;	and	Tilburg,
Netherlands.	We	are	also	building	a	cell	and	battery	manufacturing	facility,	the	Tesla	Gigafactory,	outside	of	Reno,	Nevada.
The	Tesla	Factory	in	Fremont,	CA	and	Manufacturing	Facility	in	Lathrop,	CA
We	manufacture	the	Model	S	and	Model	X	and	certain	components	that	are	critical	to	our	intellectual	property	and	quality	standards	at	the	Tesla
Factory.	The	Tesla	Factory	contains	several	manufacturing	operations,	including	stamping,	machining,	casting,	plastics,	body	assembly,	paint
operations,	seat	assembly,	final	vehicle	assembly	and	end-of-line	testing.	In	addition,	we	manufacture	lithium-ion	battery	packs,	electric	motors,
gearboxes	and	components	for	our	vehicles	at	the	Tesla	Factory.	Several	major	component	systems	of	our	vehicles	are	purchased	from	suppliers;
however	we	have	a	high	level	of	vertical	integration	in	our	manufacturing	processes	at	the	Tesla	Factory.	We	machine	various	aluminum	components	at
our	facility	in	Lathrop,	California	and	are	nearing	completion	of	a	site	expansion	to	include	an	aluminum	castings	operation.
We	have	completed	significant	investments	to	increase	our	production	capacity	and	to	begin	production	of	the	Model	X	at	the	Tesla	Factory.	This
includes	the	completion	and	launch	of	the	first	phase	of	a	new	high	volume	paint	shop,	our	second	body	assembly	shop,	two	new	stamping	lines,	a	seat
assembly	facility,	and	an	expansion	of	the	battery	pack	and	drive	unit	production	lines.
We	plan	to	produce	Model	S,	Model	X	and	Model	3	at	the	Tesla	Factory.	In	some	areas	of	the	Tesla	Factory,	we	have	designed	our	investments
with	flexibility	to	accommodate	multiple	products.	For	example,	our	new	high	volume	paint	shop	and	new	stamping	lines	can	support	all	three	vehicles.
Our	final	vehicle	assembly	line	is	producing	the	Model	S	and	the	Model	X	while	certain	powertrain	components	are	shared	between	the	Model	S	and
Model	X.	Over	the	course	of	2016,	we	plan	to	make	significant	additional	investments	at	the	Tesla	Factory	in	order	to	be	able	to	start	production	and
deliveries	of	Model	3,	in	late	2017.	These	include	a	new	body	assembly	shop	and	Model	3	final	vehicle	assembly.
The	Netherlands
Our	European	headquarters	and	manufacturing	facilities	are	located	in	Amsterdam	and	Tilburg.	The	entities	through	which	these	facilities	are
operated	hold	the	rights	to	manufacture	and	distribute	all	Tesla	products	to	customers	in	all	markets	outside	of	the	United	States	and	provide	corporate
oversight	functions	for	European	sales,	service,	and	administrative	functions.	Our	operations	in	Tilburg	include	final	assembly,	testing	and	quality
control	for	vehicles	delivered	within	the	European	Union,	a	parts	distribution	warehouse	for	service	centers	throughout	Europe,	a	center	for
remanufacturing	work	and	a	customer	service	center.
The	Gigafactory	outside	of	Reno,	Nevada
We	are	developing	the	Gigafactory	as	a	facility	where	we	work	together	with	our	suppliers	to	integrate	battery	material,	cell,	module	and	battery
pack	production	in	one	location.	We	plan	to	use	the	battery	packs	manufactured	at	the	Gigafactory	for	our	vehicles	and	for	our	Tesla	Energy
applications.	We	broke	ground	on	the	Gigafactory	in	June	2014	and	began	assembling	our	Tesla	Energy	products	in	the	first	portion	of	the	facility	in	the
fourth	quarter	of	2015.
We	currently	expect	to	produce	cells	at	the	Gigafactory	beginning	in	2016	for	use	initially	in	our	Tesla	Energy	products	and	later	for	our	vehicles.
The	Gigafactory	is	currently	expected	to	attain	full	production	capacity	in	2020,	which	is	anticipated	to	be	sufficient	for	the	production	of	approximately
500,000	vehicles	annually	as	well	as	for	the	production	of	our	energy	storage	products.	By	that	time,	we	expect	battery	pack	production	capacity	to
reach	50	GWh.	Of	this,	we	expect	to	build	35	GWh	of	cell	production	capacity	at	the	Gigafactory	and	purchase	15	GWh	of	cells	from	other
manufacturers.
We	believe	that	the	Gigafactory	will	allow	us	to	achieve	a	significant	reduction	in	the	cost	of	our	battery	packs	once	we	are	in	volume	production
with	Model	3.	The	total	capital	expenditures	associated	with	the	Gigafactory	through	2020	are	expected	to	be	$4	to	$5	billion,	of	which	approximately
$2	billion	is	expected	to	come	from	Tesla.	Panasonic	has	agreed	to	partner	with	us	on	the	Gigafactory	with	investments	in	production	equipment	that	it
will	use	to	manufacture	and	supply	us	with	battery	cells.	We	have	a	supply	agreement	with	Panasonic	that,	among	other	things,	allows	us	to	purchase	a
minimum	of	1.8	billion	lithium-ion	battery	cells	at	preferential	prices	that	we	intend	to	purchase	from	2014	through	2017.	We	have	agreed	to	prepare
and	provide	the	land,	buildings	and	utilities,	invest	in	production	equipment	for	battery	module	and	pack	production	and	be	responsible	for	the	overall
management	of	the	Gigafactory.
Supply	Chain
Our	vehicles	use	over	3,000	purchased	parts	which	we	source	globally	from	over	350	suppliers.	We	have	developed	close	relationships	with
several	key	suppliers	particularly	in	the	procurement	of	cells	and	certain	other	key	system	parts.	While	we	obtain	components	from	multiple	sources	in
some	cases,	similar	to	other	automobile	manufacturers,	many	of	the	components	used	in	our	vehicles	are	purchased	by	us	from	a	single	source.	In
addition,	while	several	sources	of	the	battery	cell	we	have	selected	for	our	battery	packs	are	available,	we	have	currently	fully	qualified	only	one	cell	for
the	battery	packs	we	use	in	our	production	vehicles.	We	are	working	to	fully	qualify	additional	cells	from	other	manufacturers.
9We	use	various	raw	materials	in	our	business	including	aluminum,	steel,	cobalt,	nickel	and	copper.	The	prices	for	these	raw	materials	fluctuate
depending	on	market	conditions	and	global	d
emand	for	these	materials.	We	believe	that	we	have	adequate	supplies	or	sources	of	availability	of	the	raw
materials	necessary	to	meet	our	manufacturing	and	supply	requirements.
Governmental	Programs,	Incentives	and	Regulations
California	Alternative	Energy	and	Advanced	Transportation	Financing	Authority	Tax	Incentives
We	have	entered	into	agreements	in	2012,	2013,	and	2015	with	the	California	Alternative	Energy	and	Advanced	Transportation	Financing
Authority	(CAEATFA)	that	each	provide	multi-year	sales	tax	exclusions	on	purchases	of	manufacturing	equipment	that	will	be	used	for	specific	purposes
including	the	expansion	and	ongoing	development	of	Model	S,	Model	X	and	future	electric	vehicles	and	expansion	of	electric	vehicle	powertrain
production	in	California.	We	estimate	the	combined	tax	savings	under	these	agreements	will	be	approximately	$98	million,	of	which	$56	million	has
been	realized	as	of	December	31,	2015.
Nevada	Tax	Incentives
In	connection	with	the	construction	of	the	Gigafactory	in	Nevada,	we	have	entered	into	agreements	with	the	State	of	Nevada	and	Storey	County
in	Nevada	that	will	provide	abatements	for	sales	and	use	taxes,	real	and	personal	property	taxes,	and	employer	excise	taxes,	discounts	to	the	base	tariff
energy	rates,	and	transferable	tax	credits.	These	incentives	will	be	available	for	the	applicable	periods	beginning	on	October	17,	2014	and	ending	on
June	30,	2034,	subject	to	capital	investments	by	Tesla	and	its	partners	for	the	Gigafactory	of	at	least	$3.5	billion	in	the	aggregate	on	or	before	June	30,
2024,	and	certain	other	conditions	specified	in	the	agreements.	If	we	do	not	satisfy	one	or	more	conditions	under	the	agreements,	Tesla	will	be	required
to	repay	to	the	respective	taxing	authorities	the	amounts	of	the	tax	incentives	incurred,	plus	interest.
Tesla	Regulatory	Credits
In	connection	with	the	production,	delivery,	and	placement	into	service	of	our	zero	emission	vehicles	in	global	markets,	we	have	earned	and	will
continue	to	earn	various	tradable	regulatory	credits	that	can	be	sold	to	other	manufacturers.
Under	California’s	Zero-Emission	Vehicle	Regulations	and	those	of	states	that	have	adopted	the	California	standards,	vehicle	manufacturers	are
required	to	ensure	that	a	portion	of	the	vehicles	delivered	for	sale	in	those	states	during	each	model	year	are	zero-emission	vehicles	and	partial	zero-
emission	vehicles.	Currently,	the	states	of	Arizona,	California,	Connecticut,	Maine,	Maryland,	Massachusetts,	New	Jersey,	New	Mexico,	New	York,
Oregon,	Rhode	Island	and	Vermont	have	such	laws	in	effect.	These	laws	provide	that	a	manufacturer	may	earn	credits,	referred	to	as	ZEV	credits,	if
they	produce	more	zero-emission	vehicles	than	the	minimum	quantity	required	by	those	laws.	Those	manufacturers	with	a	surplus	of	credits	may	sell
the	excess	credits	to	other	manufacturers	who	can	then	apply	such	credits	to	comply	with	the	regulatory	requirements,	including	making	up	for	deficits.
As	a	manufacturer	solely	of	zero-emission	vehicles,	we	have	no	minimum	requirement,	and	therefore	earn	ZEV	credits	on	each	vehicle	delivered	and
placed	into	service	in	such	states.	We	have	entered	into	agreements	with	other	automobile	manufacturers	to	sell	the	ZEV	credits	that	we	earn.	Recently,
California	passed	amendments	to	the	ZEV	mandate	that	would	require,	starting	in	2018,	all	large-volume	manufacturers	(those	manufacturers	selling
20,000	or	more	vehicles	in	California	in	2018)	to	increase	the	number	of	zero	emission	vehicles	sold,	such	that	15.4%	of	each	manufacturers’	fleet	must
be	made	of	zero	emission	vehicles	by	2025.	All	states	that	have	adopted	the	California	program	will	amend	their	programs	to	conform	to	the	new
California	standards.
Additionally,	under	the	Environmental	Protection	Agency’s	(EPA)	national	greenhouse	gas	(GHG)	emission	standards	and	similar	standards
adopted	by	the	Canadian	government,	car	and	truck	manufacturers	are	required	to	meet	fleet-wide	average	carbon	dioxide	emissions	standards.
Manufacturers	who	fail	to	meet	such	standards	have	a	deficit	in	their	emission	profile.	Manufacturers	whose	fleet	wide	average	performs	better	than
such	standards	may	earn	credits.	Manufacturers	may	sell	excess	credits	to	other	manufacturers,	who	can	use	the	credits	to	comply	with	these
regulatory	requirements.	As	a	manufacturer	solely	of	zero	emission	vehicles,	we	earn	the	full	amount	of	GHG	credits	established	by	the	standards	on
each	vehicle	sold.	We	have	contracted	with	another	automobile	manufacturer	to	sell	all	earned	credits.
Under	the	National	Highway	Traffic	Safety	Administration’s	(NHTSA)	Corporate	Average	Fuel	Economy	(CAFE)	standards,	car	and	truck
manufacturers	are	required	to	meet	fleet-wide	average	fuel	economy	standards.	Manufacturers	that	fail	to	meet	such	standards	have	a	deficit	in	their
fuel	economy	profile.	Manufacturers	whose	fleet-wide	average	performs	better	than	such	standards	may	earn	credits.	Manufacturers	may	sell	excess
credits	to	other	manufacturers,	who	can	use	such	credits	to	comply	with	these	regulatory	requirements.	We	have	entered	into	agreements	to	sell	the
credits	that	we	earn.
Regulation—Vehicle	Safety	and	Testing
Our	vehicles	are	subject	to,	and	comply	with	or	are	otherwise	exempt	from,	numerous	regulatory	requirements	established	by	NHTSA,	including
all	applicable	United	States	Federal	Motor	Vehicle	Safety	Standards	(FMVSS).	Model	S	and	Model	X	fully	comply	with	all	FMVSSs	without	the	need	for
any	exemptions.
10As	a	manufacturer,	we	must	self-certify	that	our	vehicles	meet	all	applicable	FMVSS,	as	well	as	the	NHTSA	bumper	standard,	or	otherwise	are
exempt,	before	the	vehicles	can	be	imported	or	sold	in	the	United	Sta
tes.	Numerous	FMVSS	apply	to	our	vehicles,	such	as	crash-worthiness
requirements,	crash	avoidance	requirements,	and	electric	vehicle	requirements.	We	are	also	required	to	comply	with	other	federal	laws	administered	by
NHTSA,	including	the	CAFE	standards,	T
heft	Prevention	Act	requirements,	consumer	information	labeling	requirements,	Early	Warning	Reporting
requirements	regarding	warranty	claims,	field	reports,	death	and	injury	reports	and	foreign	recalls,	and	owner’s	manual	requirements.
The	Automobile	Information	and	Disclosure	Act	requires	manufacturers	of	motor	vehicles	to	disclose	certain	information	regarding	the
manufacturer’s	suggested	retail	price,	optional	equipment	and	pricing.	In	addition,	the	Act	allows	inclusion	of	city	and	highway	fuel	economy	ratings,	as
determined	by	EPA,	as	well	as	crash	test	ratings	as	determined	by	NHTSA	if	such	tests	are	conducted.
Our	vehicles	sold	in	outside	of	the	U.S.	are	subject	to	foreign	safety	testing	regulations.	Many	of	those	regulations	are	different	from	the	federal
motor	vehicle	safety	standards	applicable	in	the	United	States	and	may	require	redesign	and/or	retesting.
Regulation—Battery	Safety	and	Testing
Our	battery	pack	conforms	to	mandatory	regulations	that	govern	transport	of	“dangerous	goods”,	defined	to	include	lithium-ion	batteries,	which
may	present	a	risk	in	transportation.	The	regulations	vary	by	mode	of	shipping	transportation,	such	as	by	ocean	vessel,	rail,	truck,	or	air.	We	have
completed	the	applicable	transportation	tests	for	our	battery	packs,	demonstrating	our	compliance	with	applicable	regulations.
We	use	lithium	metal	oxide	cells	in	our	high	voltage	battery	packs.	The	cells	do	not	contain	any	lead,	mercury,	cadmium,	other	hazardous
materials,	heavy	metals,	or	toxic	materials.	Our	battery	packs	include	certain	packaging	materials	that	contain	trace	amounts	of	hazardous	chemicals
whose	use,	storage,	and	disposal	is	regulated	under	federal	law.	We	currently	have	an	agreement	with	a	third	party	battery	recycling	company	to
recycle	our	battery	packs.	If	a	customer	wishes	to	dispose	of	a	battery	pack	from	one	of	our	vehicles,	we	anticipate	accepting	the	depleted	battery	from
the	customer	without	any	additional	charge.
Automobile	Manufacturer	and	Dealer	Regulation
State	laws	regulate	the	manufacture,	distribution,	and	sale	of	automobiles,	and	generally	require	motor	vehicle	manufacturers	and	dealers	to	be
licensed	in	order	to	sell	vehicles	directly	to	consumers	in	the	state.	As	we	open	additional	Tesla	stores	and	service	centers,	we	secure	dealer	licenses	(or
their	equivalent)	and	engage	in	sales	activities	to	sell	our	vehicles	directly	to	consumers.	A	few	states,	such	as	Texas	and	Michigan,	do	not	permit
automobile	manufacturers	to	be	licensed	as	dealers	or	to	act	in	the	capacity	of	a	dealer,	or	otherwise	restrict	a	manufacturer’s	ability	to	deliver	or
service	vehicles.	To	sell	vehicles	to	residents	of	states	where	we	are	not	licensed	as	a	dealer,	we	generally	conduct	the	sale	out	of	the	state	via	the
internet,	phone	or	mail.	In	such	states,	we	have	opened	“galleries”	that	serve	an	educational	purpose	and	are	not	retail	locations.
As	we	expand	our	retail	footprint	in	the	United	States,	some	automobile	dealer	trade	associations	have	both	challenged	the	legality	of	our
operations	in	court	and	used	administrative	and	legislative	processes	to	attempt	to	prohibit	or	limit	our	ability	to	operate	existing	stores	or	expand	to
new	locations.	Although	we	have	thus	far	prevailed	in	every	lawsuit	brought	by	dealer	associations,	we	expect	that	the	dealer	associations	will	continue
to	mount	challenges	to	our	business	model.	In	addition,	we	expect	the	dealer	associations	to	actively	lobby	state	licensing	agencies	and	legislators	to
interpret	existing	laws	or	enact	new	laws	in	ways	not	favorable	to	Tesla’s	ownership	and	operation	of	its	own	retail	and	service	locations.
While	we	have	analyzed	the	principal	laws	in	the	US,	EU,	China,	Japan,	UK,	and	Australia	relating	to	our	distribution	model	and	believe	we
comply	with	such	laws,	we	have	not	performed	a	complete	analysis	of	all	jurisdictions	in	which	we	may	sell	vehicles.	Accordingly,	there	may	be	laws	in
certain	jurisdictions	that	may	restrict	our	sales	and	service	operations.
Competition
The	worldwide	automotive	market,	particularly	for	alternative	fuel	vehicles,	is	highly	competitive	today	and	we	expect	it	will	become	even	more
so	in	the	future	as	we	introduce	additional,	lower	priced	vehicles	such	as	our	Model	3.
We	believe	the	primary	competitive	factors	in	our	markets	include	but	are	not	limited	to:
	
·
technological	innovation;
	
·
product	quality	and	safety;
	
·
service	options;
	
·
product	performance;
	
·
design	and	styling;
	
·
brand	perception;
11	
·
product	price;	and
	
·
manufacturing	efficiency.
We	believe	that	our	vehicles	compete	in	the	market	both	based	on	their	traditional	segment	classification	as	well	as	based	on	their	propulsion
technology.	For	example,	Model	S	competes	primarily	in	the	extremely	competitive	premium	sedan	market	with	internal	combustion	vehicles	from	more
established	automobile	manufacturers,	including	Audi,	BMW,	Lexus	and	Mercedes.	Our	vehicles	also	compete	with	vehicles	propelled	by	alternative
fuels,	principally	electricity.
Many	established	and	new	automobile	manufacturers	have	entered	or	have	announced	plans	to	enter	the	alternative	fuel	vehicle	market.	Overall,
we	believe	these	announcements	and	vehicle	introductions	promote	the	development	of	the	alternative	fuel	vehicle	market	by	highlighting	the
attractiveness	of	alternative	fuel	vehicles,	particularly	those	fueled	by	electricity,	relative	to	the	internal	combustion	vehicle.	BMW,	Daimler,	Nissan,
Fiat,	Ford	and	Mitsubishi,	among	others,	have	electric	vehicles	available	today.	Moreover,	Porsche,	Lexus,	Audi,	Volkswagen	and	Volvo,	as	well	as	a
number	of	prospective	automobile	manufacturers,	are	also	developing	electric	vehicles.	Electric	vehicles	have	also	already	been	brought	to	market	in
China	and	other	foreign	countries	and	we	expect	a	number	of	those	manufacturers	to	enter	the	United	States	market	as	well.	In	addition,	several
manufacturers,	including	General	Motors,	Toyota,	Ford,	and	Honda,	are	each	selling	hybrid	vehicles,	and	certain	of	these	manufacturers	have
announced	plug-in	versions	of	their	hybrid	vehicles.
The	market	for	energy	storage	products	is	also	highly	competitive.	Established	companies	as	well	as	emerging	companies	have	introduced
products	that	are	similar	to	our	product	portfolio.	For	instance,	there	are	several	companies	providing	individual	components	of	energy	storage	systems
(such	as	cells,	battery	modules,	and	power	electronics)	as	well	as	others	providing	integrated	systems.
Most	of	our	current	and	potential	competitors	in	both	the	automotive	and	energy	storage	markets	have	significantly	greater	resources	than	we
do,	may	be	able	to	devote	greater	resources	to	the	manufacture,	sale	and	support	of	their	products,	and	have	other	advantages.	We	believe	our
exclusive	focus	on	electric	vehicles,	electric	vehicle	components	and	energy	storage	products,	as	well	as	our	history	of	vehicle	development	and
production,	however,	are	the	basis	on	which	we	can	compete	in	the	global	automotive	market	in	spite	of	the	challenges	posed	by	our	competition.
Intellectual	Property
As	part	of	our	business,	we	seek	to	protect	our	intellectual	property	rights	in	various	ways,	including	through	trademarks,	copyrights,	trade
secrets,	including	know-how,	patents,	patent	applications,	employee	and	third	party	nondisclosure	agreements,	intellectual	property	licenses	and	other
contractual	rights.	Additionally,	consistent	with	our	mission	to	accelerate	the	advent	of	sustainable	transport,	we	announced	a	patent	policy	in	which	we
irrevocably	pledged	that	we	will	not	initiate	a	lawsuit	against	any	party	for	infringing	our	patents	through	activity	relating	to	electric	vehicles	or	related
equipment	for	so	long	as	such	party	is	acting	in	good	faith.	We	made	this	pledge	in	order	to	encourage	the	advancement	of	a	common,	rapidly-evolving
platform	for	electric	vehicles,	thereby	benefiting	ourselves,	other	companies	making	electric	vehicles,	and	the	world.
Segment	Information
We	operate	as	one	reportable	segment	which	is	the	design,	development,	manufacturing	and	sales	of	electric	vehicles.
Employees
As	of	December	31,	2015,	we	had	13,058	full-time	employees.	To	date,	we	have	not	experienced	any	work	stoppages,	and	we	consider	our
relationship	with	our	employees	to	be	good.
Available	Information
We	file	or	furnish	periodic	reports	and	amendments	thereto,	including	our	Annual	Reports	on	Form	10-K,	our	Quarterly	Reports	on	Form	10-Q
and	Current	Reports	on	Form	8-K;	proxy	statements	and	other	information	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission	(SEC).	Such	reports,
amendments,	proxy	statements	and	other	information	may	be	obtained	by	visiting	the	Public	Reference	Room	of	the	SEC	at	100	F	Street,	NE,
Washington,	D.C.	20549.	Information	on	the	operation	of	the	Public	Reference	Room	can	be	obtained	by	calling	the	SEC	at	1-800-SEC-0330.	In	addition,
the	SEC	maintains	a	website	(
www.sec.gov
)	that	contains	reports,	proxy	and	information	statements,	and	other	information	regarding	issuers	that	file
electronically.	Our	reports,	amendments	thereto,	proxy	statements	and	other	information	are	also	made	available,	free	of	charge,	on	our	investor
relations	website	at	
ir.teslamotors.com
	as	soon	as	reasonably	practicable	after	we	electronically	file	or	furnish	such	information	with	the	SEC.	The
information	posted	on	our	website	is	not	incorporated	by	reference	into	this	Annual	Report	on	Form	10-K.
	
	
12I
TEM	1A.
RISK	FACTORS
You	should	carefully	consider	the	risks	described	below	together	with	the	other	information	set	forth	in	this	report,	which	could	materially	affect
our	business,	financial	condition	and	future	results.	The	risks	described	below	are	not	the	only	risks	facing	our	company.	Risks	and	uncertainties	not
currently	known	to	us	or	that	we	currently	deem	to	be	immaterial	also	may	materially	adversely	affect	our	business,	financial	condition	and	operating
results.
Risks	Related	to	Our	Business	and	Industry
We	may	experience	significant	delays	or	other	complications	in	the	design,	manufacture,	launch	and	production	ramp	of	new
vehicles	such	as	Model	X	and	future	vehicles	such	as	Model	3,	which	could	harm	our	brand,	business,	prospects,	financial	condition
and	operating	results.
We	may	experience	significant	delays	or	other	complications	in	bringing	to	market	and	ramping	production	of	new	vehicles,	such	as	Model	X.
While	we	commenced	Model	X	deliveries	late	in	the	third	quarter	of	2015,	we	have	only	recently	begun	manufacturing	Model	X	vehicles,	and	various
factors	could	result	in	delays	in	its	production	ramp,	including	the	capacity	of	our	suppliers	to	deliver	us	components	at	the	timing	and	volumes	we
require	and	production	limitations	that	are	needed	to	maintain	our	quality	production	standards.	In	addition,	since	Model	X	shares	certain	production
facilities	with	the	Model	S,	the	volume	or	efficiency	of	Model	S	production	may	be	impacted	if	the	ramp	of	Model	X	is	not	as	efficient	as	we	plan.
We	have	experienced	delays	or	other	complications	in	connection	with	new	vehicle	models	in	the	past,	such	as	production	ramp	delays	for	Model
S	in	2012	and	the	All-Wheel	Drive	Dual	Motor	Model	S,	and	the	launch	of	Model	X.	Any	significant	additional	delay	or	other	complication	in	the	ramp	of
Model	X	or	the	development,	manufacture,	launch	and	production	ramp	of	our	future	vehicles,	including	complications	associated	with	expanding	our
production	capacity,	supply	chain	or	regulatory	approvals,	could	materially	damage	our	brand,	business,	prospects,	financial	condition	and	operating
results.
The	complexity	in	our	business	continues	to	grow	as	we	introduce	new	products	and	variants.
We	have	limited	experience	simultaneously	designing,	testing,	manufacturing,	upgrading,	adapting	and	selling	our	electric	vehicles	as	well	as
limited	experience	allocating	our	available	resources	among	the	design	and	production	of	multiple	vehicles,	such	as	Model	S,	Model	X	and	Model	3,	and
the	variants	thereof.	In	the	past,	when	we	have	added	complexity	to	our	production	line,	we	have	occasionally	experienced	unexpected	delays.	Similar
problems	may	occur	in	the	future	as	we	simultaneously	produce	Model	X	and	Model	S	vehicles,	as	well	as	future	vehicles	and	Tesla	Energy	products.
We	may	be	unable	to	meet	our	production	and	delivery	plans	for	Model	S	and	Model	X,	both	of	which	could	harm	our	business	and
prospects.
We	have	significantly	increased	vehicle	production	and	deliveries,	and	our	plans	call	for	significant	increases	in	vehicle	production	and	deliveries
going	forward.	Our	ability	to	further	increase	vehicle	production,	including	the	ramp	of	Model	X	production,	will	depend	upon	a	number	of	factors,
including	our	ability	to	use	new	manufacturing	processes	as	planned	while	maintaining	our	desired	quality	levels,	our	suppliers’	ability	to	deliver
sufficient	volumes	of	quality	parts	to	us	in	a	timely	manner,	and	carefully	but	efficiently	making	design	and	production	changes	to	ensure	consistently
high	quality.	Certain	suppliers	have	historically	experienced	delays	in	meeting	our	demand	or	have	sought	to	renegotiate	the	terms	of	the	supply
arrangements,	and	we	continue	to	focus	on	supplier	capabilities	and	constraints.	While	our	plans	call	for	us	to	significantly	increase	vehicle	production
and	deliveries	in	a	short	amount	of	time,	we	may	be	unable	to	do	so.	Any	delays	or	disruption	in	our	production	of	Model	S	and	Model	X	in	line	with	our
plans	could	materially	damage	our	brand,	business,	prospects,	financial	condition	and	operating	results.
In	addition,	we	have	introduced	a	number	of	new	manufacturing	technologies	and	techniques	for	our	vehicles,	such	as	aluminum	spot	welding
systems	and	high-speed	blow	forming	of	certain	difficult	to	stamp	vehicle	parts.	Our	vehicles	also	have	unique	design	features,	such	as	a	17	inch	display
screen,	retractable	exterior	door	handles,	and	all-new	dual	motor	and	autopilot	hardware	introduced	in	Model	S	and	falcon-wing	doors	and	other	unique
features	introduced	in	Model	X,	each	of	which	poses	different	manufacturing	challenges.
Concurrent	with	the	significant	increase	in	our	planned	vehicle	production	levels,	we	will	also	need	to	continue	to	significantly	increase
deliveries	of	our	vehicles.	We	have	limited	experience	in	delivering	a	high	volume	of	vehicles,	and	we	may	face	difficulties	meeting	our	delivery	and
growth	plans	into	both	existing	markets	as	well	as	new	markets	into	which	we	expand.	If	we	are	unable	to	ramp	up	to	meet	our	delivery	goals	globally,
this	could	have	a	material	adverse	effect	on	our	business,	prospects,	financial	condition	and	operating	results.
Finally,	detailed	long-term	testing	of	quality,	reliability	and	durability	of	our	vehicles	is	ongoing,	and	in	the	case	of	Model	X	vehicles	has	only
recently	commenced,	and	any	negative	results	from	such	testing	could	cause	production	or	delivery	delays	or	cost	increases.
13Our	long-term	success	will	be	dependent	upon	our	ability
	to	achieve	market	acceptance	of	our	vehi
cles,	including	Model	S	and
Model	X,	and	new	vehicle	models	such	as	Model	3.
There	is	no	guarantee	that	Model	S,	Model	X	or	our	future	vehicles	such	as	Model	3	will	continue	to	be	successfully	accepted	by	the	general
public,	especially	in	the	long-term.	Although	we	have	successfully	grown	demand	for	Model	S	to	date	and	have	seen	strong	initial	demand	for	Model	X,
and	we	believe	that	we	will	be	able	to	continue	to	grow	demand	for	these	vehicles,	there	is	no	guarantee	that	future	demand	for	Model	S	or	Model	X	will
meet	our	expectations.
Additionally,	we	have	limited	experience	in	introducing	new	vehicles.	Although	our	reservation	conversion	rate	for	Model	X	has	been	strong,	we
have	only	recently	commenced	production	and	deliveries	of	Model	X.	To	the	extent	that	we	are	not	able	to	build	Model	X	in	accordance	with	consumer
expectations,	customers	may	cancel	their	reservations	and	our	future	sales	could	be	harmed.
While	we	believe	that	there	will	continue	to	be	separate	and	strong	demand	for	both	Model	S	and	Model	X,	we	have	limited	experience	in	selling
multiple	vehicle	models	at	the	same	time.	Although	we	believe	that	each	of	our	vehicles	and	their	variants	meet	a	distinct	segment	of	the	automotive
market,	if	our	vehicles	end	up	competing	with	one	another	in	the	market,	then	our	ability	to	sell	each	vehicle	model	at	planned	quantities	or	prices	may
be	impacted.
Beyond	Model	X,	we	have	announced	our	intent	to	develop	Model	3,	which	we	intend	to	offer	at	a	lower	price	point	and	to	produce	at	high
volumes.	We	have	not	yet	finalized	the	design,	engineering	or	material	and	component	sourcing	plans	for	Model	3.	If	we	are	not	successful	in	bringing	it
to	market	at	the	expected	price	point	and	the	expected	volume,	our	operating	results	may	suffer.	Additionally,	while	we	expect	Model	3	to	be	an
extremely	popular	vehicle,	we	do	not	know	what	long-term	demand	for	Model	3	will	be	and	whether	it	will	meet	our	expectations.	Furthermore,	the
market	for	vehicles	in	the	price	range	we	expect	for	Model	3	is	larger,	but	more	competitive,	than	the	markets	for	Model	S	and	Model	X.
Problems	or	delays	in	bringing	the	Gigafactory	online	and	operating	it	in	line	with	our	expectations	could	negatively	affect	the
production	and	profitability	of	our	products,	such	as	Model	3	or	Tesla	Energy	products.
To	lower	the	cost	of	cell	production	and	produce	cells	in	high	volume,	we	intend	to	integrate	the	production	of	lithium-ion	cells	and	finished
battery	packs	for	our	vehicles,	including	Model	3,	and	Tesla	Energy	products	at	our	new	Gigafactory.	We	have	limited	experience	in	building	a	factory,
and	no	direct	experience	in	the	production	of	lithium-ion	cells.	Also,	the	cost	and	complexity	of	building	and	operating	the	Gigafactory	could	exceed	our
current	expectations	and	the	Gigafactory	may	take	longer	to	bring	online	for	lithium-ion	cell	and	battery	pack	production	than	we	anticipate.	If	we	are
unable	to	build	the	Gigafactory	in	a	timely	manner	to	produce	high	volumes	of	quality	lithium-ion	cells	at	reasonable	prices,	our	ability	to	supply	battery
packs	to	our	vehicle	and	other	products	according	to	our	schedule	and/or	at	a	price	that	allows	us	to	sell	them	profitably	and	in	the	quantities	we
estimate	could	be	constrained.	Any	such	problems	or	delays	with	the	Gigafactory	could	negatively	affect	our	brand	and	harm	our	business,	prospects,
financial	condition	and	operating	results.
If	our	vehicles	or	vehicles	that	contain	our	powertrains	fail	to	perform	as	expected,	our	ability	to	develop,	market	and	sell	our
electric	vehicles	could	be	harmed.
If	our	vehicles	or	vehicles	that	contain	our	powertrains	were	to	contain	defects	in	design	and	manufacture	that	cause	them	not	to	perform	as
expected	or	that	require	repair,	our	ability	to	develop,	market	and	sell	our	vehicles	could	be	harmed.	For	example,	the	operation	of	our	vehicles	is
highly	dependent	on	software,	which	is	inherently	complex	and	could	conceivably	contain	defects	and	errors.	Issues	that	have	historically	been
experienced	by	customers	include	those	related	to	the	software	for	the	17	inch	display	screen,	the	panoramic	roof	and	the	12	volt	battery	in	the	Model
S.	Although	we	attempt	to	remedy	any	issues	we	observe	in	our	vehicles	as	effectively	and	as	rapidly	as	possible,	such	efforts	may	not	be	timely,	may
hamper	production	or	may	not	be	up	to	the	satisfaction	of	our	customers.	While	we	have	performed	extensive	internal	testing,	we	currently	have	a
limited	frame	of	reference	by	which	to	evaluate	the	long-term	performance	of	our	battery	packs,	powertrains,	vehicles	and	Tesla	Energy	products.	There
can	be	no	assurance	that	we	will	be	able	to	detect	and	fix	any	defects	in	our	products	prior	to	their	sale	to	consumers.
Any	vehicle	product	defects	or	any	other	failure	of	our	vehicles	to	perform	as	expected	could	harm	our	reputation	and	result	in	delivery	delays,
product	recalls,	product	liability	claims,	significant	warranty	and	other	expenses,	and	could	have	a	material	adverse	impact	on	our	business,	financial
condition,	operating	results	and	prospects.	Our	Model	X	vehicles	have	not	yet	been	evaluated	by	NHTSA	for	its	5-Star	Safety	Ratings,	and	while	based
on	our	internal	testing	we	expect	to	obtain	comparable	ratings	to	those	achieved	by	Model	S,	there	is	no	assurance	this	will	occur.
We	are	dependent	on	our	suppliers,	the	majority	of	which	are	single	source	suppliers,	and	the	inability	of	these	suppliers	to
continue	to	deliver,	or	their	refusal	to	deliver,	necessary	components	of	our	vehicles	in	a	timely	manner	at	prices,	quality	levels,
and	volumes	acceptable	to	us	would	have	a	material	adverse	effect	on	our	financial	condition	and	operating	results.
Model	S	and	Model	X	contain	numerous	purchased	parts	which	we	source	globally	from	hundreds	of	direct	suppliers,	the	majority	of	whom	are
currently	single	source	suppliers	despite	efforts	to	qualify	and	obtain	components	from	multiple	sources	whenever	possible.	Furthermore,	we	do	not
maintain	long-term	agreements	with	a	number	of	our	suppliers.
14While	we	may	be	able	to	establish	alternate	supply	relationships	or	engineer	replacement	components	for	our	single	sour
ce	components,	we	may
be	unable	to	do	so	in	the	short	term,	or	at	all,	at	prices	or	costs	that	are	favorable	to	us.	In	particular,	while	we	believe	that	we	will	be	able	to	secure
alternate	sources	of	supply	for	most	of	our	single	sourced	components	in	a	re
latively	short	time	frame,	qualifying	alternate	suppliers	or	developing	our
own	replacements	for	certain	highly	customized	components	of	our	vehicles	may	be	time	consuming,	costly	and	may	force	us	to	make	additional
modifications	to	a	vehicle’s	design.
This	limited	supply	chain	exposes	us	to	multiple	potential	sources	of	delivery	failure	or	component	shortages	for	the	production	of	our	vehicles
and	powertrain	components.	We	may	experience	delays	due	to	supply	chain	disruptions	with	respect	to	Model	S,	Model	X,	Model	3	and	any	other	future
vehicle	we	may	produce,	such	as	those	we	experienced	in	2012	in	connection	with	our	slower-than-anticipated	Model	S	ramp.	In	addition,	our	currently
ongoing	transition	from	low	to	high	volume	production	tooling	for	Model	X	may	take	longer	than	expected	which	may	adversely	impact	our	short-term
financial	results.
Changes	in	business	conditions,	labor	issues,	wars,	governmental	changes,	natural	disasters	such	as	the	March	2011	earthquakes	in	Japan	and
other	factors	beyond	our	control	or	which	we	do	not	presently	anticipate,	could	also	affect	our	suppliers’	ability	to	deliver	components	to	us	on	a	timely
basis.	Furthermore,	if	we	experience	significantly	increased	demand,	or	need	to	replace	certain	existing	suppliers,	there	can	be	no	assurance	that
additional	supplies	of	component	parts	will	be	available	when	required	on	terms	that	are	favorable	to	us,	or	that	any	supplier	would	allocate	sufficient
supplies	to	us	in	order	to	meet	our	requirements	or	fill	our	orders	in	a	timely	manner,	or	that	we	could	engineer	replacement	components	ourselves.
Changes	in	our	supply	chain	have	resulted	in	the	past,	and	may	result	in	the	future,	in	increased	cost.	We	have	also	experienced	cost	increases
from	certain	of	our	suppliers	in	order	to	meet	our	quality	targets	and	development	timelines	as	well	as	due	to	design	changes	that	we	made,	and	we
may	experience	similar	cost	increases	in	the	future.	Additionally,	we	are	negotiating	with	existing	suppliers	for	cost	reductions,	seeking	new	and	less
expensive	suppliers	for	certain	parts,	and	attempting	to	redesign	certain	parts	to	make	them	less	expensive	to	produce.	If	we	are	unsuccessful	in	our
efforts	to	control	and	reduce	supplier	costs,	our	operating	results	will	suffer.	
Finally,	in	October	2013,	we	entered	into	an	amendment	to	our	existing	supply	agreement	with	Panasonic	Corporation	in	order	to	address	our
anticipated	short-	to	medium-term	lithium-ion	battery	cell	needs.	While	we	expect	that	this	supply	agreement,	as	amended,	will	provide	us	with
sufficient	cells	for	the	next	few	years,	we	may	not	be	able	to	meet	our	long-term	needs,	including	for	Model	3	and	other	programs	we	may	introduce,
without	securing	additional	suppliers	or	other	sources	for	cells.	We	have	signed	an	agreement	with	Panasonic	to	be	our	partner	in	the	Gigafactory	and
be	responsible	for,	among	other	things,	manufacturing	cells	from	there	for	use	in	our	products.	If	we	encounter	unexpected	difficulties	with	our	current
suppliers,	including	Panasonic,	and	if	we	are	unable	to	fill	these	needs	from	other	suppliers,	we	could	experience	production	delays,	which	could	have	a
material	adverse	effect	on	our	financial	condition	and	operating	results.
Our	future	growth	is	dependent	upon	consumers’	willingness	to	adopt	electric	vehicles.
Our	growth	is	highly	dependent	upon	the	adoption	by	consumers	of	alternative	fuel	vehicles	in	general	and	electric	vehicles	in	particular.	If	the
market	for	electric	vehicles	does	not	develop	as	we	expect,	or	develops	more	slowly	than	we	expect,	our	business,	prospects,	financial	condition	and
operating	results	will	be	harmed.	The	market	for	alternative	fuel	vehicles	is	relatively	new,	rapidly	evolving,	and	subject	to	numerous	external	factors,
such	as:
	
·
p
erceptions	about	electric	vehicle	quality,	safety,	performance,	cost,	and	the	convenience	of	charging;
	
·
perceptions	about	the	limited	range	over	which	electric	vehicles	may	be	driven	on	a	single	battery	charge;
	
·
the	availability	of	other	types	of	alternative	fuel	vehicles,	including	plug-in	hybrid	electric	vehicles,	improvements	in	the	fuel	economy	of
the	internal	combustion	engine;
	
·
volatility	in	the	cost	of	oil	and	gasoline;
	
·
government	regulations	and	economic	incentives;
	
·
and	access	to	charging	facilities.
If	we	fail	to	manage	future	growth	effectively	as	we	rapidly	grow	our	company,	especially	internationally,	we	may	not	be	able	to
produce,	market,	sell	and	service	our	vehicles	successfully.
Any	failure	to	manage	our	growth	effectively	could	materially	and	adversely	affect	our	business,	prospects,	operating	results	and	financial
condition.	We	continue	to	expand	our	operations	significantly	internationally,	particularly	in	Asia.	Our	future	operating	results	depend	to	a	large	extent
on	our	ability	to	manage	this	expansion	and	growth	successfully.	Risks	that	we	face	in	undertaking	this	global	expansion	include	
controlling	expenses;
establishing	sufficient	sales,	service	and	Supercharger	facilities	in	a	timely	manner;	adapting	our	products	to	meet	local	requirements;	implementing
the	required	infrastructure,	systems	and	processes;	and
	finding	and	hiring	a	significant	number	of	additional	personnel,	including	manufacturing
personnel,	design	personnel,	engineers	and	service	technicians.
15If	we	are	unable	to	adequately	reduce	the	manufacturing	costs	of	Model	S,	
control	manufacturing	costs	for	Model	X,	or	otherwise
control	the	costs	associated	with	operating	our	business,	our	financial	condition	and	operating	results	will	suffer.
As	we	have	gradually	ramped	production	of	Model	S,	manufacturing	costs	per	vehicle	have	decreased.	While	we	expect	ongoing	cost	reductions
to	be	realized	by	both	us	and	our	suppliers,	there	is	no	guarantee	we	will	be	able	to	achieve	sufficient	cost	savings	to	reach	our	gross	margin	and
profitability	goals.	We	incur	significant	costs	related	to	procuring	the	raw	materials	required	to	manufacture	our	vehicles,	assembling	vehicles	and
compensating	our	personnel.	We	may	also	incur	substantial	costs	or	cost	overruns	in	increasing	the	production	capability	of	our	Model	S,	Model	X	and
powertrain	manufacturing	facilities.	Furthermore,	if	we	are	unable	to	produce	Model	X	pursuant	to	our	plan	due	to	cost	overruns	or	other	unexpected
costs,	we	may	not	be	able	to	meet	our	gross	margin	and	other	financial	targets.
Furthermore,	many	of	the	factors	that	impact	our	operating	costs	are	beyond	our	control,	such	as	potential	increases	in	the	costs	of	our	raw
materials	and	components,	such	as	lithium-ion	battery	cells	or	aluminum	used	to	produce	body	panels.	If	we	are	unable	to	keep	our	operating	costs
aligned	with	the	level	of	revenues	we	generate,	our	operating	results,	business	and	prospects	will	be	harmed.
We	may	fail	to	meet	our	publicly	announced	guidance	or	other	expectations	about	our	business,	which	would	cause	our	stock	price
to	decline.
We	occasionally	provide	guidance	regarding	our	expected	financial	and	business	performance,	such	as	projections	regarding	sales	and
production,	as	well	as	anticipated	future	revenues,	gross	margins,	profitability	and	cash	flows.	Correctly	identifying	key	factors	affecting	business
conditions	and	predicting	future	events	is	inherently	an	uncertain	process	and	our	guidance	may	not	ultimately	be	accurate.	Our	guidance	is	based	on
certain	assumptions	such	as	those	relating	to	anticipated	production	and	sales	volumes	and	average	sales	prices,	supplier	and	commodity	costs,	and
planned	cost	reductions.	If	our	guidance	is	not	accurate	or	varies	from	actual	results	due	to	our	inability	to	meet	our	assumptions	or	the	impact	on	our
financial	performance	that	could	occur	as	a	result	of	various	risks	and	uncertainties,	the	market	value	of	our	common	stock	could	decline	significantly.
Our	vehicles	make	use	of	lithium-ion	battery	cells,	which	have	been	observed	to	catch	fire	or	vent	smoke	and	flame,	and	such
events	have	raised	concerns,	and	future	events	may	lead	to	additional	concerns,	about	the	batteries	used	in	automotive
applications.
The	battery	packs	that	we	produce	make	use	of	lithium-ion	cells.	On	rare	occasions,	lithium-ion	cells	can	rapidly	release	the	energy	they	contain
by	venting	smoke	and	flames	in	a	manner	that	can	ignite	nearby	materials	as	well	as	other	lithium-ion	cells.
While	we	have	designed	the	battery	pack	to	passively	contain	any	single	cell’s	release	of	energy	without	spreading	to	neighboring	cells.		There
can	be	no	assurance	that	a	field	or	testing	failure	of	our	vehicles	or	other	battery	packs	that	we	produce	will	not	occur,	which	could	subject	us	to
lawsuits,	product	recalls,	or	redesign	efforts,	all	of	which	would	be	time	consuming	and	expensive.	Also,	negative	public	perceptions	regarding	the
suitability	of	lithium-ion	cells	for	automotive	applications	or	any	future	incident	involving	lithium-ion	cells	such	as	a	vehicle	or	other	fire,	even	if	such
incident	does	not	involve	our	vehicles,	could	seriously	harm	our	business.
In	addition,	we	store	a	significant	number	of	lithium-ion	cells	at	our	manufacturing	facility.	Any	mishandling	of	battery	cells	may	cause	disruption
to	the	operation	of	our	facilities.	While	we	have	implemented	safety	procedures	related	to	the	handling	of	the	cells,	there	can	be	no	assurance	that	a
safety	issue	or	fire	related	to	the	cells	would	not	disrupt	our	operations.	Such	damage	or	injury	would	likely	lead	to	adverse	publicity	and	potentially	a
safety	recall.	Moreover,	any	failure	of	a	competitor’s	electric	vehicle	may	cause	indirect	adverse	publicity	for	us	and	our	electric	vehicles.	Such	adverse
publicity	would	negatively	affect	our	brand	and	harm	our	business,	prospects,	financial	condition	and	operating	results.
We	are	exposed	to	fluctuations	in	currency	exchange	rates,	which	could	negatively	affect	our	financial	results
Our	revenues	and	costs	denominated	in	foreign	currencies	are	not	completely	matched.	As	we	have	increased	Model	S	deliveries	in	markets
outside	of	the	United	States,	we	have	much	higher	revenues	than	costs	denominated	in	other	currencies	such	as	the	euro,	Norwegian	kroner,	Chinese
yuan	and	Canadian	dollar.	The	recent	strengthening	of	the	U.S.	dollar	therefore	has	reduced,	and	any	further	strengthening	of	the	U.S.	dollar	would
tend	to	further	reduce	our	revenues	as	measured	in	U.S.	dollars.	In	addition,	a	portion	of	our	costs	and	expenses	have	been,	and	we	anticipate	will
continue	to	be,	denominated	in	foreign	currencies,	including	the	Japanese	yen.	If	we	do	not	have	fully	offsetting	revenues	in	these	currencies	and	if	the
value	of	the	U.S.	dollar	depreciates	significantly	against	these	currencies,	our	costs	as	measured	in	U.S.	dollars	as	a	percent	of	our	revenues	will
correspondingly	increase	and	our	margins	will	suffer.	As	a	result,	our	operating	results	could	be	adversely	affected.
16Our	resale	value	guarantee	and	leasing	programs	expose	us	to	the	risk	that	the	resale	values	of	vehicles	returned	to	us	are	lower
than	our	estimates	and	may	result	in	lower	revenues,	gross	margin,	profitab
ility	and	liquidity.
We	offer	resale	value	guarantees	to	many	of	our	customers,	under	which	such	customers	may	sell	their	vehicles	back	to	us	at	certain	points	in
time	at	pre-determined	resale	values.	Customers	can	lease	our	vehicles	through	both	leasing	partners	and	from	us	directly,	through	our	captive	finance
companies.	The	resale	values	of	any	vehicles	resold	or	returned	to	us	pursuant	to	these	programs	may	be	lower	than	our	estimates,	which	are	based	on
a	limited	secondary	market	for	our	vehicles.	If	the	volume	of	vehicles	returned	to	us	is	higher	than	our	estimates	and/or	we	are	not	able	to	resell	them,
timely	or	at	all,	our	liquidity	could	be	negatively	impacted.	In	cases	where	customers	retain	their	vehicles	past	the	guarantee	period,	our	gross	margin
will	be	negatively	impacted	as	all	remaining	revenues	and	costs	related	to	the	vehicle	will	be	recognized	at	no	gross	profit.
We	apply	lease	accounting	on	sales	of	vehicles	with	a	resale	value	guarantee	and	on	leases	made	directly	by	us.	Under	lease	accounting,	we
recognize	the	associated	revenues	and	costs	of	the	vehicle	sale	over	time	rather	than	fully	upfront	at	vehicle	delivery.	As	a	result,	these	programs
generate	lower	revenues	in	the	period	the	car	is	delivered	and	higher	gross	margins	during	the	period	of	the	resale	value	guarantee	as	compared	to
purchases	in	which	the	resale	value	guarantee	does	not	apply.	A	higher	than	anticipated	uptake	under	these	programs	could	therefore	have	an	adverse
impact	on	our	near	term	revenues	and	operating	results.	Moreover,	unlike	the	resale	value	guarantee	program	or	programs	with	leasing	partners	which
do	not	impact	our	cash	flows	and	liquidity	at	the	time	of	vehicle	delivery,	under	a	lease	held	directly	by	us,	we	may	receive	only	a	very	small	portion	of
the	total	vehicle	purchase	price	at	the	time	of	lease,	followed	by	a	stream	of	payments	over	the	term	of	the	lease.	To	the	extent	we	expand	our	leasing
program	without	securing	external	financing	or	business	partners	to	support	such	expansion,	our	cash	flow	and	liquidity	could	also	be	negatively
impacted.
If	we	fail	to	effectively	manage	the	residual,	financing	and	credit	risks	related	to	our	direct	Tesla	leasing	programs	our	business
may	suffer.
We	offer	financing	arrangements	through	our	local	subsidiaries	in	the	United	States,	Canada,	Germany	and	the	UK,	including	leasing	directly
through	certain	of	those	subsidiaries.	The	profitability	of	the	leasing	program	depends	on	our	ability	to	accurately	project	residual	values,	secure
adequate	financing	and/or	business	partners	to	fund	and	grow	this	program,	and	manage	customer	credit	risk.	If	actual	residual	values	of	our	vehicles
are	below	our	estimates,	we	may	suffer	lower	profitability	or	potentially	have	losses.	If	we	are	unable	to	adequately	fund	our	leasing	program	with
either	internal	funds	or	external	financing	sources,	we	may	be	unable	to	grow	our	sales.	Additionally,	if	we	do	not	properly	screen	customers	for	their
creditworthiness,	we	may	be	exposed	to	excessive	credit	risks	and	associated	losses.	Furthermore,	if	our	leasing	business	grows	substantially,	our
business	may	suffer	if	we	cannot	effectively	manage	the	greater	levels	of	residual	and	credit	risks	resulting	from	growth.	Finally,	if	we	do	not
successfully	monitor	and	comply	with	applicable	national,	state	and/or	local	financial	regulations	and	consumer	protection	laws	governing	lease
transactions,	we	may	become	subject	to	enforcement	actions	or	penalties,	either	of	which	may	harm	our	business.
Increases	in	costs,	disruption	of	supply	or	shortage	of	raw	materials,	in	particular	lithium-ion	cells,	could	harm	our	business.
We	may	experience	increases	in	the	cost	or	a	sustained	interruption	in	the	supply	or	shortage	of	raw	materials.	Any	such	increase	or	supply
interruption	could	materially	and	negatively	impact	our	business,	prospects,	financial	condition	and	operating	results.	We	use	various	raw	materials	in
our	business	including	aluminum,	steel,	nickel	and	copper.	The	prices	for	these	raw	materials	fluctuate	depending	on	market	conditions	and	global
demand	for	these	materials	and	could	adversely	affect	our	business	and	operating	results.	For	instance,	we	are	exposed	to	multiple	risks	relating	to
lithium-ion	cells.	These	risks	include:
	
·
the	inability	or	unwillingness	of	current	battery	manufacturers	to	build	or	operate	battery	cell	manufacturing	plants	to	supply	the
numbers	of	lithium-ion	cells	we	require;
	
·
disruption	in	the	supply	of	cells	due	to	quality	issues	or	recalls	by	battery	cell	manufacturers;
	
·
an	increase	in	the	cost	of	raw	materials	used	in	the	cells;	and
	
·
fluctuations	in	the	value	of	the	Japanese	yen	against	the	U.S.	dollar	as	our	battery	cell	purchases	are	currently	denominated	in	Japanese
yen.	
Our	business	is	dependent	on	the	continued	supply	of	battery	cells	for	the	battery	packs	used	in	our	vehicles	and	energy	storage	products.	While
we	believe	several	sources	of	the	battery	cells	are	available	for	such	battery	packs,	we	have	fully	qualified	only	a	very	limited	number	of	suppliers	for
the	cells	used	in	such	battery	packs	and	have	very	limited	flexibility	in	changing	cell	suppliers.	In	particular,	we	have	fully	qualified	only	one	supplier	for
the	cells	used	in	battery	packs	for	our	production	vehicles.	Any	disruption	in	the	supply	of	battery	cells	from	such	vendors	could	disrupt	production	of
our	vehicles	and	of	the	battery	packs	we	produce	for	other	automobile	manufacturers	until	such	time	as	a	different	supplier	is	fully	qualified.
Furthermore,	fluctuations	or	shortages	in	petroleum	and	other	economic	conditions	may	cause	us	to	experience	significant	increases	in	freight	charges
and	raw	material	costs.	Substantial	increases	in	the	prices	for	our	raw	materials	or	prices	charged	to	us,	such	as	those	charged	by	our	battery	cell
manufacturers,	would	increase	our	operating	costs,	and	could	reduce	our	margins	if	we	cannot	recoup	the	increased	costs	through	increased	vehicle
prices.	Any	attempts	to	increase	vehicle	prices	in	response	to	increased	raw	material	costs	could	result	in	cancellations	of	vehicle	orders	and
reservations	and	therefore	materially	and	adversely	affect	our	brand,	image,	business,	prospects	and	operating	results.
17We	may	become	subject	to	product	liability	claims,	which	could	harm	our	financial	condition	and	liquidity	if	we	are	not	able	to
successfully	defend	or	insure	ag
ainst	such	claims.
Product	liability	claims	could	harm	our	business,	prospects,	operating	results	and	financial	condition.	The	automobile	industry	experiences
significant	product	liability	claims	and	we	face	inherent	risk	of	exposure	to	claims	in	the	event	our	vehicles	do	not	perform	as	expected	resulting	in
personal	injury	or	death.	We	also	may	face	claims	related	to	any	misuse	or	failures	of	our	new	autopilot	technology.	A	successful	product	liability	claim
against	us	with	respect	to	any	aspect	of	our	vehicles	could	require	us	to	pay	a	substantial	monetary	award.	Our	risks	in	this	area	are	particularly
pronounced	given	the	limited	number	of	vehicles	delivered	to	date	and	limited	field	experience	of	those	vehicles.	Moreover,	a	product	liability	claim
could	generate	substantial	negative	publicity	about	our	vehicles	and	business	and	would	have	material	adverse	effect	on	our	brand,	business,	prospects
and	operating	results.	We	self-insure	against	the	risk	of	product	liability	claims,	meaning	that	any	product	liability	claims	will	have	to	be	paid	from
company	funds,	not	by	insurance.
The	automotive	market	is	highly	competitive,	and	we	may	not	be	successful	in	competing	in	this	industry.	We	currently	face
competition	from	new	and	established	U.S.	and	international	competitors	and	expect	to	face	competition	from	others	in	the	future,
including	competition	from	companies	with	new	technology.
The	worldwide	automotive	market,	particularly	for	alternative	fuel	vehicles,	is	highly	competitive	today	and	we	expect	it	will	become	even	more
so	in	the	future.	Many	established	and	new	automobile	manufacturers	have	entered	or	have	announced	plans	to	enter	the	alternative	fuel	vehicle
market.	For	example,	BMW,	Daimler,	Nissan	and	many	other	large	companies	have	announced	or	are	also	reported	to	be	developing	electric	vehicles.	In
addition,	several	manufacturers,	including	General	Motors,	Toyota,	Ford	and	Honda,	are	selling	hybrid	vehicles,	including	plug-in	hybrid	vehicles.	Most
of	our	current	and	potential	competitors	have	significantly	greater	financial,	technical,	manufacturing,	marketing	and	other	resources	than	we	do	and
may	be	able	to	devote	greater	resources	to	the	design,	development,	manufacturing,	distribution,	promotion,	sale	and	support	of	their	products.
Virtually	all	of	our	competitors	have	more	extensive	customer	bases	and	broader	customer	and	industry	relationships	than	we	do	and	almost	all	of	these
companies	have	longer	operating	histories	and	greater	name	recognition	than	we	do.	Increased	competition	could	result	in	lower	vehicle	unit	sales,
price	reductions,	revenue	shortfalls,	loss	of	customers	and	loss	of	market	share,	which	could	harm	our	business,	prospects,	financial	condition	and
operating	results.
Demand	in	the	automobile	industry	is	volatile,	which	may	lead	to	lower	vehicle	unit	sales	and	adversely	affect	our	operating	results.
Volatility	of	demand	in	the	automobile	industry	may	materially	and	adversely	affect	our	business,	prospects,	operating	results	and	financial
condition.	The	markets	in	which	we	currently	compete	and	plan	to	compete	in	the	future	have	been	subject	to	considerable	volatility	in	demand	in
recent	periods,	including	recent	softening	of	the	premium	sedan	category.	As	a	low	volume	vehicle	producer,	we	have	less	financial	resources	than	more
established	automobile	manufacturers	to	withstand	changes	in	the	market	and	disruptions	in	demand.	Volatility	in	demand	may	lead	to	lower	vehicle
unit	sales	and	increased	inventory,	which	may	result	in	further	downward	price	pressure	and	adversely	affect	our	business,	prospects,	financial
condition	and	operating	results.	These	effects	may	have	a	more	pronounced	impact	on	our	business	given	our	relatively	smaller	scale	and	financial
resources	as	compared	to	many	incumbent	automobile	manufacturers.
If	we	are	unable	to	establish	and	maintain	confidence	in	our	long-term	business	prospects	among	consumers,	analysts	and	within
our	industry,	then	our	financial	condition,	operating	results,	business	prospects	and	stock	price	may	suffer	materially.
Consumers	may	be	less	likely	to	purchase	our	vehicles	now	if	they	are	not	convinced	that	our	business	will	succeed	or	that	our	operations	will
continue	for	many	years.	Similarly,	suppliers	and	other	third	parties	will	be	less	likely	to	invest	time	and	resources	in	developing	business	relationships
with	us	if	they	are	not	convinced	that	our	business	will	succeed.	Accordingly,	in	order	to	build	and	maintain	our	business,	we	must	maintain	confidence
among	customers,	suppliers,	analysts	and	other	parties	in	our	liquidity	and	long-term	business	prospects.	Maintaining	such	confidence	may	be
particularly	complicated	by	certain	factors,	such	as	our	limited	operating	history,	unfamiliarity	with	our	products,	competition	and	uncertainty
regarding	the	future	of	electric	vehicles.	Many	of	these	factors	are	largely	outside	our	control,	and	any	negative	perceptions	about	our	long-term
business	prospects,	even	if	exaggerated	or	unfounded,	would	likely	harm	our	business	and	make	it	more	difficult	to	raise	additional	funds	if	needed.
Our	vehicles	have	unique	servicing	requirements,	and	we	are	using	a	different	service	model	from	the	one	typically	used	in	the
automobile	industry.	If	we	are	unable	to	address	the	service	requirements	of	our	existing	and	future	customers,	our	business	will
be	materially	and	adversely	affected.
Servicing	electric	vehicles	is	different	than	servicing	vehicles	with	internal	combustion	engines	and	requires	specialized	skills,	including	high
voltage	training	and	servicing	techniques.	If	we	are	unable	to	satisfactorily	service	our	vehicles,	our	ability	to	generate	customer	loyalty,	grow	our
business	and	sell	additional	vehicles	could	be	impaired.
18We	service	our	vehicles	through	our	company-owned	Tesla	service	cen
ters,	certain	of	our	stores,	and	through	our	mobile	service	technicians
known	as	the	Tesla	Rangers.	We	will	need	to	open	new	standalone	service	centers	in	locations	around	the	world	and	hire	and	train	significant	numbers
of	new	employees	to	staff	these	ser
vice	centers	and	act	as	Tesla	Rangers	in	order	to	successfully	maintain	our	fleet	of	delivered	vehicles.	If	we	do	not
continue	to	adequately	address	the	service	requirements	of	our	customers	to	their	satisfaction,	particularly	as	the	volume	of	vehicles	we	
are	able	to
deliver	annually	increases,	our	business	would	be	harmed.
Our	plan	to	expand	our	network	of	Tesla	stores,	service	centers	and	Superchargers	will	require	significant	cash	investments	and
management	resources	and	may	not	meet	our	expectations	with	respect	to	additional	sales	of	our	electric	vehicles.	In	addition,	we
may	not	be	able	to	open	stores	or	service	centers	in	certain	states	or	Superchargers	in	desired	locations.
Our	plan	to	expand	our	network	of	Tesla	stores,	service	centers	and	Superchargers	will	require	significant	cash	investments	and	management
resources	and	may	not	meet	our	expectations	with	respect	to	additional	sales	of	our	vehicles.	This	ongoing	global	expansion	may	not	have	the	desired
effect	of	increasing	sales	and	expanding	our	brand	presence	to	the	degree	we	are	anticipating.	We	will	also	need	to	ensure	we	are	in	compliance	with	any
regulatory	requirements	applicable	to	the	sale	and	service	of	our	vehicles	in	those	jurisdictions,	which	could	take	considerable	time	and	expense.	If	we
experience	any	delays	in	expanding	our	network	of	Tesla	stores,	service	centers	and	Superchargers,	this	could	lead	to	a	decrease	in	sales	of	our	vehicles
and	could	negatively	impact	our	business,	prospects,	financial	condition	and	operating	results.
We	face	risks	associated	with	our	international	operations	and	expansion,	including	unfavorable	regulatory,	political,	tax	and	labor
conditions	and	establishing	ourselves	in	new	markets,	all	of	which	could	harm	our	business.
We	currently	have	international	operations	and	subsidiaries	in	various	countries	and	jurisdictions	that	are	subject	to	the	legal,	political,
regulatory	and	social	requirements	and	economic	conditions	in	these	jurisdictions.	Additionally,	as	part	of	our	growth	strategy,	we	will	continue	to
expand	our	sales,	service	and	Supercharger	locations	internationally.	We	have	limited	experience,	however,	selling	and	servicing	our	products
internationally,	as	well	as	limited	experience	installing	and	operating	Superchargers	internationally.	Furthermore,	international	expansion	requires	us
to	make	significant	expenditures,	including	the	establishment	of	local	operating	entities,	hiring	of	local	employees	and	establishing	facilities	in	advance
of	generating	any	revenue.
We	are	subject	to	a	number	of	risks	associated	with	international	business	activities	that	may	increase	our	costs,	impact	our	ability	to	sell	our
electric	vehicles	and	require	significant	management	attention.	These	risks	include	
conforming	our	vehicles	to	various	international	regulatory	and
safety	requirements,	difficulty	in	establishing,	staffing	and	managing	foreign	operations,	challenges	in	attracting	customers,	foreign	government	taxes,
regulations	and	permit	requirements,	our	ability	to	enforce	our	contractual	rights;	trade	restrictions,	customs	regulations,	tariffs	and	price	or	exchange
controls,	and	preferences	of	foreign	nations	for	domestically	produced	vehicles.
Additionally,	as	we	have	expanded	into	new	international	markets,	we	historically	faced	challenges	with	ensuring	that	our	charging	equipment
works	successfully	with	the	charging	infrastructure	in	such	markets,	including	in	Norway	and	China.	If	customers	experience	problems	with	the	way
our	charging	equipment	works	with	the	local	charging	infrastructure,	or	we	are	unable	to	adapt	our	equipment	to	resolve	such	problems,	then	the
viability	and	acceptance	of	our	vehicles	in	such	markets	could	be	materially	and	adversely	affected.	If	we	fail	to	successfully	address	these	risks,	our
business,	prospects,	operating	results	and	financial	condition	could	be	materially	harmed.
The	unavailability,	reduction	or	elimination	of	government	and	economic	incentives	in	the	U.S.	and	abroad	supporting	the
development	and	adoption	of	electric	vehicles	could	have	some	impact	on	demand	for	our	vehicles.
We	currently	benefit	from	certain	government	and	economic	incentives	supporting	the	development	and	adoption	of	electric	vehicles.	In	the
United	States	and	abroad,	such	incentives	include,	among	other	things,	tax	credits	or	rebates	that	encourage	the	purchase	of	electric	vehicles.	In
Norway,	for	example,	the	purchase	of	electric	vehicles	is	not	currently	subject	to	import	taxes,	taxes	on	non-recurring	vehicle	fees,	the	25%	value	added
tax	or	the	purchase	taxes	that	apply	to	the	purchase	of	gas-powered	vehicles.	Notably,	the	quantum	of	incentive	programs	promoting	electric	vehicles	is
a	tiny	fraction	of	the	amount	of	incentives	that	are	provided	to	gas-powered	vehicles	through	the	oil	and	gas	industries,	notwithstanding	that	the	former
promotes	social	good	while	the	latter	contributes	to	significant	social	harm.		Nevertheless,	even	the	limited	benefits	from	such	programs	could	be
reduced,	eliminated	or	exhausted.		For	example,	on	January	1,	2016,	a	previously	available	incentive	in	Denmark	that	favored	the	purchase	of	electric
vehicles	expired	and	was	replaced	with	a	newly	phased-in	incentive	that	is	less	generous	than	the	incentive	that	it	replaced.	In	certain	circumstances,
there	is	pressure	from	the	oil	and	gas	lobby	or	related	special	interests	to	bring	about	such	developments,	which	could	have	some	negative	impact	on
demand	for	our	vehicles.
19Our	strategic	relationships	with	third	parties,	such	as	Panasonic,	are	subject	to	various	risks	which	could	adversely	affect	our
business	and	future	prospects.
Our	strategic	relationships	with	third	parties,	such	as	Panasonic	which	supplies	us	with	battery	cells	for	use	in	Model	S	and	Model	X	and	which	is
our	strategic	partner	in	the	Gigafactory,	pose	various	risks	to	us,	including	potential	loss	of	access	to	important	technology	and	parts	for	producing,
servicing	and	supporting	our	products,	potential	loss	of	business	and	adverse	publicity.	Moreover,	factors	that	may	not	be	within	our	partners’	control,
such	as	materials	pricing,	may	impact	our	ability	to	realize	the	goals	of	certain	strategic	relationships,	such	as	cost	and	gross	margin	targets.	In
addition,	these	third	parties	may	not	perform	as	expected	under	our	agreements	with	them,	such	as	with	respect	to	quality	of	production	parts	and
timeliness	of	their	deliveries,	and	we	may	have	disagreements	or	disputes	with	these	third	parties.	The	occurrence	of	any	of	the	foregoing	could
adversely	affect	our	business,	prospects,	financial	condition	and	operating	results.
If	we	are	unable	to	attract	and/or	retain	key	employees	and	hire	qualified	personnel,	our	ability	to	compete	could	be	harmed.
The	loss	of	the	services	of	any	of	our	key	employees	could	disrupt	our	operations,	delay	the	development	and	introduction	of	our	vehicles	and
services,	and	negatively	impact	our	business,	prospects	and	operating	results.	In	particular,	we	are	highly	dependent	on	the	services	of	Elon	Musk,	our
Chief	Executive	Officer,	and	JB	Straubel,	our	Chief	Technical	Officer.
None	of	our	key	employees	is	bound	by	an	employment	agreement	for	any	specific	term	and	we	may	not	be	able	to	successfully	attract	and	retain
senior	leadership	necessary	to	grow	our	business.	Our	future	success	depends	upon	our	ability	to	attract	and	retain	executive	officers	and	other	key
technology,	sales,	marketing,	engineering,	manufacturing	and	support	personnel	and	any	failure	to	do	so	could	adversely	impact	our	business,
prospects,	financial	condition	and	operating	results.
Key	talent	may	leave	Tesla	due	to	various	factors,	such	as	a	very	competitive	labor	market	for	talented	individuals	with	automotive	experience.
Currently	in	California,	there	is	increasing	competition	for	talented	individuals	with	the	specialized	knowledge	of	electric	vehicles,	software	engineers,
manufacturing	engineers	and	other	skilled	employees	and	this	competition	affects	both	our	ability	to	retain	key	employees	and	hire	new	ones.	Our
continued	success	depends	upon	our	continued	ability	to	hire	new	employees	in	a	timely	manner	and	retain	current	employees.	Additionally,	we
compete	with	both	mature	and	prosperous	companies	that	have	far	greater	financial	resources	than	we	do	and	start-ups	and	emerging	companies	that
promise	short-term	growth	opportunities.	Any	difficulties	in	retaining	current	employees	or	recruiting	new	ones	would	have	an	adverse	effect	on	our
performance.
We	are	highly	dependent	on	the	services	of	Elon	Musk,	our	Chief	Executive	Officer.
We	are	highly	dependent	on	the	services	of	Elon	Musk,	our	Chief	Executive	Officer,	Product	Architect,	Chairman	of	our	Board	of	Directors	and
largest	stockholder.	Although	Mr.	Musk	spends	significant	time	with	Tesla	and	is	highly	active	in	our	management,	he	does	not	devote	his	full	time	and
attention	to	Tesla.	Mr.	Musk	also	currently	serves	as	Chief	Executive	Officer	and	Chief	Technical	Officer	of	Space	Exploration	Technologies,	a	developer
and	manufacturer	of	space	launch	vehicles,	and	Chairman	of	SolarCity,	a	solar	provider.
We	are	subject	to	various	environmental	and	safety	laws	and	regulations	that	could	impose	substantial	costs	upon	us	and
negatively	impact	our	ability	to	operate	our	manufacturing	facilities.
As	an	automobile	manufacturer,	we	are	subject	to	complex	environmental,	health	and	safety	laws	and	regulations	at	numerous	levels,	including
laws	relating	to	the	use,	handling,	storage,	disposal	and	human	exposure	to	hazardous	materials,	both	in	the	United	States	and	abroad.	The	costs	of
compliance,	including	remediating	contamination	if	any	is	found	on	our	properties,	and	of	any	changes	to	our	operations	mandated	by	new	laws	or
amendments	to	existing	laws	may	be	significant.	We	may	also	face	unexpected	delays	in	obtaining	the	necessary	permits	and	approvals	required	by
such	laws	in	connection	with	our	manufacturing	facilities,	which	would	hinder	our	operation	of	these	facilities.	Such	costs	and	delays	may	adversely
impact	our	business	prospects	and	operating	results.	Furthermore,	any	violations	of	these	laws	may	result	in	substantial	fines	and	penalties,
remediation	costs,	third	party	damages,	or	a	suspension	or	cessation	of	our	operations.
Our	business	may	be	adversely	affected	by	any	disruptions	caused	by	union	activities.
Although	none	of	our	employees	is	currently	represented	by	a	labor	union,	it	is	common	for	employees	at	automobile	companies	to	belong	to	a
union,	which	can	result	in	higher	employee	costs	and	increased	risk	of	work	stoppages.	Although	we	work	diligently	to	provide	the	best	possible	work
environment	for	our	employees,	they	may	still	decide	to	join	or	seek	recognition	to	form	a	labor	union,	or	we	may	be	required	to	become	a	union
signatory.	Furthermore,	we	are	directly	or	indirectly	dependent	upon	companies	with	unionized	work	forces,	such	as	parts	suppliers	and	trucking	and
freight	companies,	and	work	stoppages	or	strikes	organized	by	such	unions	could	have	a	material	adverse	impact	on	our	business,	financial	condition	or
operating	results.	If	a	work	stoppage	occurs,	it	could	delay	the	manufacture	and	sale	of	our	products	and	have	a	material	adverse	effect	on	our
business,	prospects,	operating	results	or	financial	condition.
20We	are	subject	to	substantial	regulation,	which	is	evolving,	and	unfavorable	changes	or	failure	by	us	to	comp
ly	with	these
regulations	could	substantially	harm	our	business	and	operating	results.
Motor	vehicles	are	subject	to	substantial	regulation	under	international,	federal,	state,	and	local	laws.	We	incur	significant	costs	in	complying
with	these	regulations,	and	may	be	required	to	incur	additional	costs	to	comply	with	any	changes	to	such	regulations.	Also,	we	are	subject	to	laws	and
regulations	applicable	to	the	import,	sale	and	service	of	automobiles	internationally.	For	example,	we	are	required	to	meet	vehicle-specific	safety
standards	that	are	often	materially	different	from	U.S.	requirements,	thus	resulting	in	additional	investment	into	the	vehicles	and	systems	to	ensure
regulatory	compliance.	This	process	necessitates	that	foreign	regulatory	official’s	review	and	certify	our	vehicles	prior	to	market	entry.	In	addition,	we
must	comply	with	regulations	applicable	to	vehicles	after	they	enter	the	market,	including	foreign	reporting	requirements	and	recall	management
systems.
Additionally,	we	recently	released	a	vehicle	software	update	that	delivers	a	range	of	new	Autopilot	features	that	relieve	drivers	of	the	most
tedious	and	potentially	dangerous	aspects	of	road	travel.	As	Autopilot	is	a	completely	new	feature	that	U.S.	and	foreign	regulators	have	limited
experience	with,	there	is	a	risk	that	regulators	could	take	actions	impacting	whether	and	how	our	customers	are	able	to	use	our	vehicles	equipped	for
Autopilot,	which	could	adversely	affect	our	business.
We	are	subject	to	various	privacy	and	consumer	protection	laws.
Our	privacy	policy	is	posted	on	our	website,	and	any	failure	by	us	or	our	vendor	or	other	business	partners	to	comply	with	it	or	with	federal,	state	or
international	privacy,	data	protection	or	security	laws	or	regulations	could	result	in	regulatory	or	litigation-related	actions	against	us,	legal	liability,	fines,
damages	and	other	costs.	Although	we	take	steps	to	protect	the	security	of	our	customers’	personal	information,	we	may	be	required	to	expend	significant
resources	to	comply	with	data	breach	requirements	if	third	parties	improperly	obtain	and	use	the	personal	information	of	our	customers	or	we	otherwise
experience	a	data	loss	with	respect	to	customers’	personal	information.	A	major	breach	of	our	network	security	and	systems	could	have	negative
consequences	for	our	business	and	future	prospects,	including	possible	fines,	penalties	and	damages,	reduced	customer	demand	for	our	vehicles,	and	harm
to	our	reputation	and	brand.
We	may	be	compelled	to	undertake	product	recalls	or	take	other	actions,	which	could	adversely	affect	our	brand	image	and
financial	performance.
Any	product	recall	in	the	future	may	result	in	adverse	publicity,	damage	our	brand	and	adversely	affect	our	business,	prospects,	operating	results
and	financial	condition.	We	previously	experienced	product	recalls	in	May	2009,	October	2010,	June	2013	and	November	2015,	none	of	which	was
related	to	our	electric	powertrain	or	that	resulted	in	a	vehicle	crash	or	personal	injury	reported	to	us.	In	April	2009,	we	determined	that	a	condition
caused	by	insufficient	torqueing	of	the	rear	inner	hub	flange	bolt	existed	in	some	of	our	Tesla	Roadsters,	as	a	result	of	a	missed	process	during	the
manufacture	of	the	Tesla	Roadster	glider.	In	October	2010,	we	initiated	a	product	recall	after	the	12	volt,	low	voltage	auxiliary	cable	in	a	single	vehicle
chafed	against	the	edge	of	a	carbon	fiber	panel	in	the	vehicle	causing	a	short,	smoke	and	possible	fire	behind	the	right	front	headlamp	of	the	vehicle.	In
June	2013,	we	initiated	a	recall	of	slightly	more	than	one	thousand	Model	S	vehicles	to	inspect	and	repair	rear	seat	strikers	that	may	have	been
compromised	during	the	assembly	process.	Rear	seat	strikers	are	used	to	retain	the	rear	seat	backs	in	an	upright	position.	Failure	of	this	component
may	have	resulted	in	collapse	of	the	rear	seat	back	during	a	crash.	In	November	2015,	we	initiated	a	recall	
after	we	discovered	a	single	customer-owned
Model	S	with	a	front	seat	belt	that	was	not	properly	connected	to	the	outboard	lap	pretensioner.
	Furthermore,	in	January	2014,	we	implemented	a
firmware	update	to	address	issues	with	certain	Universal	Mobile	Connector	NEMA	14-50	adapters,	which	are	part	of	the	charging	units	and	are	not	part
of	the	vehicles	themselves,	potentially	overheating	during	charging.	In	the	future,	we	may	at	various	times,	voluntarily	or	involuntarily,	initiate	a	recall
if	any	of	our	vehicles	or	our	electric	powertrain	components	that	we	provide	to	other	OEMs,	including	any	systems	or	parts	sourced	from	our	suppliers,
prove	to	be	defective	or	noncompliant	with	applicable	federal	motor	vehicle	safety	standards.	Such	recalls,	whether	voluntary	or	involuntary	or	caused
by	systems	or	components	engineered	or	manufactured	by	us	or	our	suppliers,	involve	significant	expense	and	diversion	of	management	attention	and
other	resources,	and	could	adversely	affect	our	brand	image	in	our	target	markets,	as	well	as	our	business,	prospects,	financial	condition	and	results	of
operations.
Our	current	and	future	warranty	reserves	may	be	insufficient	to	cover	future	warranty	claims	which	could	adversely	affect	our
financial	performance.
If	our	warranty	reserves	are	inadequate	to	cover	future	warranty	claims	on	our	vehicles,	our	business,	prospects,	financial	condition	and
operating	results	could	be	materially	and	adversely	affected.	Warranty	reserves	include	management’s	best	estimate	of	the	projected	costs	to	repair	or
to	replace	items	under	warranty.	These	estimates	are	based	on	actual	claims	incurred	to-date	and	an	estimate	of	the	nature,	frequency	and	costs	of
future	claims.	These	estimates	are	inherently	uncertain	and	changes	to	our	historical	or	projected	experience	may	cause	material	changes	to	our
warranty	reserves	in	the	future.	Subject	to	separate	limited	warranties	for	the	supplemental	restraint	system	and	battery,	we	provide	a	four	year	or
50,000	mile	New	Vehicle	Limited	Warranty	for	the	purchasers	of	new	Model	S	and	Model	X	vehicles.	The	New	Vehicle	Limited	Warranty	for	Model	S
and	Model	X	also	covers	the	drive	unit	for	eight	years	and	the	battery	for	a	period	of	eight	years	or	125,000	miles	or	unlimited	miles,	depending	on	the
size	of	the	vehicle’s	battery,	although	the	battery’s	charging	capacity	is	not	covered	under	the	New	Vehicle	Limited	Warranty	or	any	Extended	Service
plan.
21In	addition,	customers	h
ave	the	opportunity	to	purchase	an	Extended	Service	plan	for	the	period	after	the	end	of	the	New	Vehicle	Limited
Warranty	for	Model	S	and	Model	X	to	cover	additional	services	for	an	additional	four	years	or	50,000	miles,	provided	it	is	purchased	within	a	s
pecified
period	of	time.	The	New	Vehicle	Limited	Warranty	and	Extended	Service	plans	for	the	Model	S	and	Model	X	are	subject	to	certain	limitations,
exclusions	or	separate	warranties,	including	certain	wear	items,	such	as	tires,	brake	pads,	paint	and	gener
al	appearance,	and	battery	performance,	and
is	intended	to	cover	parts	and	labor	to	repair	defects	in	material	or	workmanship	in	the	vehicle	including	the	body,	chassis,	suspension,	interior,
electronic	systems,	powertrain	and	brake	system.	Additionally,	i
n	2013,	as	part	of	our	ongoing	efforts	to	improve	the	customer	ownership	experience,
we	expanded	the	battery	pack	warranty	and	also	eliminated	the	annual	service	requirement	that	was	needed	to	keep	the	New	Vehicle	Limited	Warranty
in	effect.	Should	this	ch
ange	in	warranty	coverage	lead	to	an	increase	in	warranty	claims,	we	may	need	to	record	additional	warranty	reserves,	which
would	negatively	affect	our	profitability.
We	are	currently	expanding	and	improving	our	information	technology	systems	and	use	security	measures	designed	to	protect	our
systems	against	breaches	and	cyber-attacks.	If	these	efforts	are	not	successful,	our	business	and	operations	could	be	disrupted	and
our	operating	results	and	reputation	could	be	harmed.
We	are	currently	expanding	and	improving	our	information	technology	systems,	including	implementing	new	internally	developed	systems,	to
assist	us	in	the	management	of	our	business.	In	particular,	our	volume	production	of	multiple	vehicles	necessitates	continued	development,
maintenance	and	improvement	of	our	information	technology	systems	in	the	U.S.	and	abroad,	which	include	product	data	management,	procurement,
inventory	management,	production	planning	and	execution,	sales,	service	and	logistics,	dealer	management,	financial,	tax	and	regulatory	compliance
systems.	The	implementation,	maintenance	and	improvement	of	these	systems	require	significant	management	time,	support	and	cost.	Moreover,	there
are	inherent	risks	associated	with	developing,	improving	and	expanding	our	core	systems	as	well	as	implementing	new	systems,	including	the	disruption
of	our	data	management,	procurement,	manufacturing	execution,	finance,	supply	chain	and	sales	and	service	processes.	These	risks	may	affect	our
ability	to	manage	our	data	and	inventory,	procure	parts	or	supplies	or	manufacture,	sell,	deliver	and	service	vehicles,	or	achieve	and	maintain
compliance	with,	or	realize	available	benefits	under,	tax	laws	and	other	applicable	regulations.	We	also	maintain	information	technology	measures
designed	to	protect	us	against	system	security	risks,	data	breaches	and	cyber-attacks.
We	cannot	be	sure	that	these	systems	or	their	required	functionality	will	be	effectively	implemented,	maintained	or	expanded	as	planned.	If	we
do	not	successfully	implement,	maintain	or	expand	these	systems	as	planned,	our	operations	may	be	disrupted,	our	ability	to	accurately	and/or	timely
report	our	financial	results	could	be	impaired,	and	deficiencies	may	arise	in	our	internal	control	over	financial	reporting,	which	may	impact	our	ability
to	certify	our	financial	results.	Moreover,	our	proprietary	information	could	be	compromised	and	our	reputation	may	be	adversely	affected.	If	these
systems	or	their	functionality	do	not	operate	as	we	expect	them	to,	we	may	be	required	to	expend	significant	resources	to	make	corrections	or	find
alternative	sources	for	performing	these	functions.
Our	insurance	strategy	may	not	be	adequate	to	protect	us	from	all	business	risks.
We	may	be	subject,	in	the	ordinary	course	of	business,	to	losses	resulting	from	products	liability,	accidents,	acts	of	God	and	other	claims	against
us,	for	which	we	may	have	no	insurance	coverage.	While	we	currently	maintain	general	liability,	automobile,	property,	workers’	compensation,	and
directors’	and	officers’	insurance	policies,	as	a	general	matter,	we	do	not	maintain	as	much	insurance	coverage	as	many	other	companies	do,	and	in
some	cases,	we	do	not	maintain	any	at	all.	Additionally,	the	policies	that	we	do	have	may	include	significant	deductibles,	and	we	cannot	be	certain	that
our	insurance	coverage	will	be	sufficient	to	cover	all	future	claims	against	us.	A	loss	that	is	uninsured	or	which	exceeds	policy	limits	may	require	us	to
pay	substantial	amounts,	which	could	adversely	affect	our	financial	condition	and	operating	results.
Our	financial	results	may	vary	significantly	from	period-to-period	due	to	fluctuations	in	our	operating	costs.
We	expect	our	period-to-period	operating	results	to	vary	based	on	our	operating	costs	which	we	anticipate	will	increase	significantly	in	future
periods	as	we,	among	other	things,	design,	develop	and	manufacture	Model	3,	Tesla	Energy	products	and	other	future	products,	increase	the
production	capacity	at	our	manufacturing	facilities	to	produce	vehicles	at	higher	volumes,	including	ramping	up	the	production	of	Model	X,	develop	the
Gigafactory,	open	new	Tesla	service	centers	with	maintenance	and	repair	capabilities,	open	new	Supercharger	locations,	increase	our	sales	and
marketing	activities,	and	increase	our	general	and	administrative	functions	to	support	our	growing	operations.	As	a	result	of	these	factors,	we	believe
that	quarter-to-quarter	comparisons	of	our	operating	results,	especially	in	the	short-term,	are	not	necessarily	meaningful	and	that	these	comparisons
cannot	be	relied	upon	as	indicators	of	future	performance.	Moreover,	our	operating	results	may	not	meet	expectations	of	equity	research	analysts	or
investors.	If	any	of	this	occurs,	the	trading	price	of	our	stock	could	fall	substantially,	either	suddenly	or	over	time.
22Any	u
nauthorized	control	or	manipulation	of	our	vehicles’	systems	could	result	in	loss	of	confidence	in	us	and	our	vehicles	and
harm	our	business.
Our	vehicles	contain	complex	information	technology	systems.	For	example,	our	vehicles	are	designed	with	built-in	data	connectivity	to	accept
and	install	periodic	remote	updates	from	us	to	improve	or	update	the	functionality	of	our	vehicles.	We	have	designed,	implemented	and	tested	security
measures	intended	to	prevent	unauthorized	access	to	our	information	technology	networks,	our	vehicles	and	their	systems.	However,	hackers	have
reportedly	attempted,	and	may	attempt	in	the	future,	to	gain	unauthorized	access	to	modify,	alter	and	use	such	networks,	vehicles	and	systems	to	gain
control	of,	or	to	change,	our	vehicles’	functionality,	user	interface	and	performance	characteristics,	or	to	gain	access	to	data	stored	in	or	generated	by
the	vehicle.	We	encourage	reporting	of	potential	vulnerabilities	in	the	security	of	our	vehicles	via	our	security	vulnerability	reporting	policy,	and	we	aim
to	remedy	any	reported	and	verified	vulnerabilities.	Accordingly,	we	have	received	reports	of	potential	vulnerabilities	in	the	past	and	have	attempted	to
remedy	them.	However,	there	can	be	no	assurance	that	vulnerabilities	will	not	be	identified	in	the	future,	or	that	our	remediation	efforts	are	or	will	be
successful.
Any	unauthorized	access	to	or	control	of	our	vehicles	or	their	systems	or	any	loss	of	data	could	result	in	legal	claims	or	proceedings.	In	addition,
regardless	of	their	veracity,	reports	of	unauthorized	access	to	our	vehicles,	their	systems	or	data,	as	well	as	other	factors	that	may	result	in	the
perception	that	our	vehicles,	their	systems	or	data	are	capable	of	being	“hacked,”	could	negatively	affect	our	brand	and	harm	our	business,	prospects,
financial	condition	and	operating	results.
If	we	had	a	desire	or	need	to	raise	additional	funds	and	could	not	do	so,	our	operations	and	prospects	could	be	negatively	affected
We	expect	that	our	principal	sources	of	liquidity	will	provide	us	adequate	liquidity	based	on	our	current	plans.	However,	if	the	costs	for
developing,	manufacturing	and	delivering	our	current	or	future	vehicles	exceed	our	expectations	or	if	we	incur	any	significant	unplanned	expenses	or
embark	on	or	accelerate	new	significant	strategic	investments,	such	as	the	Gigafactory,	we	may	need	to	raise	additional	funds.	We	need	sufficient
capital	to	fund	our	ongoing	operations,	continue	research	and	development	projects,	including	those	for	our	planned	Model	3	vehicle,	establish	sales
and	service	centers,	build	and	deploy	Superchargers	and	to	make	the	investments	in	tooling	and	manufacturing	capital	required	to	introduce	new
vehicles.	If	we	cannot	raise	additional	funds	on	favorable	terms	or	at	all	when	we	need	them,	our	financial	condition,	results	of	operations,	business	and
prospects	could	be	materially	adversely	affected.
We	may	face	regulatory	limitations	on	our	ability	to	sell	vehicles	directly	which	could	materially	and	adversely	affect	our	ability	to
sell	our	electric	vehicles.
We	sell	our	vehicles	from	our	Tesla	stores	as	well	as	over	the	internet.	We	may	not	be	able	to	sell	our	vehicles	through	this	sales	model	in	each
state	in	the	United	States	as	some	states	have	laws	that	may	be	interpreted	to	impose	limitations	on	this	sales	model,	including	laws	that	prohibit
manufacturers	from	selling	vehicles	directly	to	consumers	without	the	use	of	an	independent	dealership	or	without	a	physical	presence	in	the	state.	In
certain	states	in	which	we	are	not	able	to	obtain	dealer	licenses,	we	have	worked	with	state	regulators	to	open	galleries,	which	are	not	full	retail
locations.
The	application	of	these	state	laws	to	our	operations	continues	to	be	difficult	to	predict.	Laws	in	some	states	have	limited	our	ability	to	obtain
dealer	licenses	from	state	motor	vehicle	regulators	and	may	continue	to	do	so.
In	addition,	decisions	by	regulators	permitting	us	to	sell	vehicles	may	be	subject	to	challenges	as	to	whether	such	decisions	comply	with
applicable	state	motor	vehicle	industry	laws.	For	example,	vehicle	dealer	associations	in	New	York,	Ohio,	Georgia	and	Massachusetts	have	filed	lawsuits
to	revoke	dealer	licenses	issued	to	us.	These	lawsuits	have	been	dismissed,	and	in	one	court	decision,	the	Supreme	Court	of	Massachusetts	held	that
state	franchise	laws	like	the	one	in	Massachusetts	do	not	restrict	a	manufacturer,	like	Tesla,	that	does	not	use	franchised	dealers	from	selling	its
vehicles	directly	to	consumers.	Such	results	have	reinforced	our	continuing	belief	that	state	laws	were	not	designed	to	prevent	our	distribution	model.	A
similar	lawsuit	has	been	filed	in	Missouri.	Possible	additional	challenges	in	other	states,	if	successful,	could	restrict	or	prohibit	our	ability	to	sell	our
vehicles	to	residents	in	such	states.	In	some	states,	there	have	also	been	regulatory	and	legislative	efforts	by	vehicle	dealer	associations	to	propose	bills
and	regulations	that,	if	enacted,	would	prevent	us	from	obtaining	dealer	licenses	in	their	states	given	our	current	sales	model.	Other	states,	such	as
New	Jersey,	New	York,	Ohio	and	Pennsylvania,	have	passed	legislation	that	clarifies	our	ability	to	operate,	but	at	the	same	time	limits	the	number	of
dealer	licenses	we	can	obtain	or	stores	that	we	can	operate.
Internationally,	there	may	be	laws	in	jurisdictions	we	have	not	yet	entered	or	laws	we	are	unaware	of	in	jurisdictions	we	have	entered	that	may
restrict	our	sales	or	other	business	practices.	Even	for	those	jurisdictions	we	have	analyzed,	the	laws	in	this	area	can	be	complex,	difficult	to	interpret
and	may	change	over	time.
23We	may	need	to	defend	ourselves	against	patent	or	trademark	infringement	claims,	which	may	be	time-consuming	and	would	cause
us	to	incur	substantial	costs.
Companies,	organizations	or	individuals,	including	our	competitors,	may	hold	or	obtain	patents,	trademarks	or	other	proprietary	rights	that
would	prevent,	limit	or	interfere	with	our	ability	to	make,	use,	develop,	sell	or	market	our	vehicles	or	components,	which	could	make	it	more	difficult	for
us	to	operate	our	business.	From	time	to	time,	we	may	receive	communications	from	holders	of	patents	or	trademarks	regarding	their	proprietary
rights.	Companies	holding	patents	or	other	intellectual	property	rights	may	bring	suits	alleging	infringement	of	such	rights	or	otherwise	assert	their
rights	and	urge	us	to	take	licenses.	In	addition,	if	we	are	determined	to	have	infringed	upon	a	third	party’s	intellectual	property	rights,	we	may	be
required	to	do	one	or	more	of	the	following:
	
·
cease	selling,	incorporating	certain	components	into,	or	using	vehicles	or	offering	goods	or	services	that	incorporate	or	use	the	challenged
intellectual	property;
	
·
pay	substantial	damages;
	
·
seek	a	license	from	the	holder	of	the	infringed	intellectual	property	right,	which	license	may	not	be	available	on	reasonable	terms	or	at	all;
	
·
redesign	our	vehicles	or	other	goods	or	services;	or
	
·
establish	and	maintain	alternative	branding	for	our	products	and	services.
In	the	event	of	a	successful	claim	of	infringement	against	us	and	our	failure	or	inability	to	obtain	a	license	to	the	infringed	technology	or	other
intellectual	property	right,	our	business,	prospects,	operating	results	and	financial	condition	could	be	materially	adversely	affected.	In	addition,	any
litigation	or	claims,	whether	or	not	valid,	could	result	in	substantial	costs,	negative	publicity	and	diversion	of	resources	and	management	attention.
Our	patent	applications	may	not	result	in	issued	patents,	which	may	have	a	material	adverse	effect	on	our	ability	to	prevent	others
from	interfering	with	our	commercialization	of	our	products.
The	status	of	patents	involves	complex	legal	and	factual	questions	and	the	breadth	and	effectiveness	of	patented	claims	is	uncertain.	We	cannot
be	certain	that	we	are	the	first	creator	of	inventions	covered	by	pending	patent	applications	or	the	first	to	file	patent	applications	on	these	inventions,
nor	can	we	be	certain	that	our	pending	patent	applications	will	result	in	issued	patents	or	that	any	of	our	issued	patents	will	afford	sufficient	protection
against	someone	creating	a	knockoff	of	our	products,	or	as	a	defensive	portfolio	against	a	competitor	who	claims	that	we	are	infringing	its	patents.	In
addition,	patent	applications	filed	in	foreign	countries	are	subject	to	laws,	rules	and	procedures	that	differ	from	those	of	the	United	States,	and	thus	we
cannot	be	certain	that	foreign	patent	applications	will	result	in	issued	patents	in	those	foreign	jurisdictions	or	that	such	patents	can	be	effectively
enforced,	even	if	they	relate	to	patents	issued	in	the	U.S.	In	addition,	others	may	obtain	patents	that	we	need	to	take	a	license	to	or	design	around,
either	of	which	would	increase	costs	and	may	adversely	affect	our	business,	prospects,	financial	condition	and	operating	results.
Our	trademark	applications	in	certain	countries	remain	subject	to	outstanding	opposition	proceedings.
We	have	filed	trade	and	service	mark	applications	for	our	Tesla	marks	in	various	countries	in	which	we	currently	sell	and	plan	to	sell	our
products	and	services.	Certain	of	our	applications	are	subject	to	outstanding	opposition	proceedings	brought	by	owners	or	applicants	alleging	prior
applications	for	or	use	of	similar	marks,	or	refusals	issued	by	trademark	offices	citing	prior	applications	or	registrations	for	allegedly	similar	marks.	If
we	cannot	resolve	these	oppositions	and	refusals	and	thereby	secure	registered	rights	in	these	countries,	the	value	of	the	marks	representing	our
exclusive	brand	name	in	these	countries	will	be	diluted.	In	addition,	there	is	a	risk	that	the	prior	rights	owners	could	in	the	future	take	actions	to
challenge	our	use	of	the	Tesla	marks	in	these	countries.	Such	actions	could	have	a	severe	impact	on	our	position	in	these	countries	and	may	inhibit	our
ability	to	use	the	Tesla	marks	in	these	countries.	If	we	were	prevented	from	using	the	Tesla	marks	in	any	or	all	of	these	countries,	we	would	need	to
expend	significant	additional	financial	and	marketing	resources	on	establishing	an	alternative	brand	identity	in	these	markets.
Our	facilities	or	operations	could	be	damaged	or	adversely	affected	as	a	result	of	disasters.
Our	corporate	headquarters	and	primary	manufacturing	facilities	are	all	located	in	Northern	California,	a	region	known	for	seismic	activity.	If
major	disasters	such	as	earthquakes	or	other	events	occur,	or	our	information	system	or	communications	network	breaks	down	or	operates	improperly,
our	headquarters	and	production	facilities	may	be	seriously	damaged,	or	we	may	have	to	stop	or	delay	production	and	shipment	of	our	products.	We
may	incur	expenses	relating	to	such	damages,	which	could	have	a	material	adverse	impact	on	our	business,	operating	results	and	financial	condition.
24Servicing	our	indebtedness	requires	a	significant	amount	of	cash,	and	we	may	not	have	sufficient	cash	flow	from	our	business	to
pay	our	substanti
al	debt.
We	have	incurred	$3.0	billion	in	aggregate	principal	amount	of	convertible	senior	notes	issued	in	registered	public	offerings.	Under	certain
circumstances	relating	to	the	reported	trading	price	of	our	common	stock,	the	holders	of	our	convertible	senior	notes	may	convert	their	notes	at	their
option,	upon	which	we	would	be	obligated	to	deliver	cash	payments	and/or	shares	of	our	common	stock	to	the	converting	holders.	Currently,	holders	of
an	aggregate	$660.0	million	tranche	of	notes	have	the	right	to	convert	their	notes.	Moreover,	holders	of	the	notes	have	the	right	to	require	us	to
repurchase	their	notes	upon	the	occurrence	of	a	fundamental	change	with	respect	to	us.	In	addition,	we	have	a	senior	secured	asset-based	revolving
credit	facility	(the	Credit	Facility),	under	which	we	had	$135	million	of	borrowings	as	of	December	31,	2015.
Our	ability	to	make	scheduled	payments	of	principal	when	due,	to	make	periodic	interest	payments	or	to	make	other	payments	pursuant	to	the
terms	of	our	indebtedness,	such	as	with	respect	to	our	convertible	senior	notes	upon	their	conversion	or	upon	demand	following	a	fundamental	change,
depends	on	our	future	performance,	which	is	subject	to	economic,	financial,	competitive	and	other	factors	beyond	our	control.	Our	business	may	not
continue	to	generate	cash	flow	from	operations	in	the	future	sufficient	to	satisfy	these	obligations	or	obligations	under	any	future	indebtedness	we	may
incur	and	to	make	necessary	capital	expenditures.	If	we	are	unable	to	generate	such	cash	flow,	we	may	be	required	to	adopt	one	or	more	alternatives,
such	as	reducing	or	delaying	investments	or	capital	expenditures,	selling	assets,	refinancing	or	obtaining	additional	equity	capital	on	terms	that	may	be
onerous	or	highly	dilutive.	Our	ability	to	refinance	our	existing	or	any	future	indebtedness	will	depend	on	the	capital	markets	and	our	financial	condition
at	such	time.	In	addition,	our	ability	to	make	required	payments	under	our	indebtedness	may	be	limited	by	law,	by	regulatory	authority	or	by
agreements	governing	our	future	indebtedness.	We	may	not	be	able	to	engage	in	any	of	these	activities	or	engage	in	these	activities	on	desirable	terms
or	at	all,	which	could	result	in	a	default	on	our	existing	or	future	indebtedness.	Furthermore,	any	repayment	of	any	of	our	existing	or	future
indebtedness	prior	to	their	scheduled	maturity	could	have	a	material	adverse	effect	on	our	business,	results	of	operations	and	financial	condition.
Our	debt	agreements	contain	covenant	restrictions	that	may	limit	our	ability	to	operate	our	business.
The	terms	of	our	Credit	Facility	contain,	and	any	of	our	other	future	debt	agreements	may	contain,	covenant	restrictions	that	limit	our	ability	to
operate	our	business,	including	restrictions	on	our	ability	to,	among	other	things,	
incur	additional	debt	or	issue	guarantees,	create	liens	and	make
certain	voluntary	prepayments	of	specified	debt.	In	addition,	under	certain	circumstances	we	are	required	to	comply	with	a	fixed	charge	coverage	ratio.
As	a	result	of	these
	covenants,	our	ability	to	respond	to	changes	in	business	and	economic	conditions	and	to	obtain	additional	financing,	if
needed,	may	be	restricted,	and	we	may	be	prevented	from	engaging	in	transactions	that	might	otherwise	be	beneficial	to	us.	In	addition,	our	failure	to
comply	with	our	debt	covenants	could	result	in	a	default	under	our	debt	agreements,	which	could	permit	the	holders	to	accelerate	our	obligation	to
repay	the	debt.	If	any	of	our	debt	is	accelerated,	we	may	not	have	sufficient	funds	available	to	repay	it.
We	may	still	incur	substantially	more	debt	or	take	other	actions,	which	would	intensify	the	risks	discussed	immediately	above.
We	and	our	subsidiaries	may,	subject	to	the	limitations	in	the	terms	of	our	Credit	Facility,	incur	additional	debt,	secure	existing	or	future	debt,
recapitalize	our	debt	or	take	a	number	of	other	actions	that	are	not	limited	by	the	terms	of	the	indenture	governing	our	convertible	senior	notes	that
could	have	the	effect	of	diminishing	our	ability	to	make	payments	on	the	notes	when	due.
The	classification	of	our	convertible	senior	notes	may	have	a	material	effect	on	our	reported	financial	results.
As	described	in	the	Risk	Factor	“
Servicing	our	indebtedness	requires	a	significant	amount	of	cash,	and	we	may	not	have	sufficient	cash	flow	from
our	business	to	pay	our	substantial	debt,”	
our	convertible	senior	notes	have	been	historically,	and	may	become	in	the	future,	convertible	at	the	option	of
their	holders	prior	to	their	scheduled	terms	under	certain	circumstances.	Even	if	holders	do	not	elect	to	convert	their	notes,	the	notes	become
convertible	prior	to	their	scheduled	maturity	dates,	we	would	be	required	to	reclassify	such	notes	and	the	related	debt	issuance	costs	as	current
liabilities	and	certain	portions	of	our	equity	outside	of	equity	to	mezzanine	equity,	which	would	have	an	adverse	impact	on	our	reported	financial	results
for	such	quarter,	and	could	have	an	adverse	impact	on	the	market	price	of	our	common	stock.
25Risks	Related	to	the	Ownership	of	our	Common	Stock
The	trading	price	of	our	common	stock	is	likely	to	continue	to	be	volatile.
The	trading	price	of	our	common	stock	has	been	highly	volatile	and	could	continue	to	be	subject	to	wide	fluctuations	in	response	to	various
factors,	some	of	which	are	beyond	our	control.	Our	common	stock	has	experienced	an	intra-day	trading	high	of	$286.65	per	share	and	a	low	of	$141.05
per	share	over	the	last	52	weeks.	The	stock	market	in	general,	and	the	market	for	technology	companies	in	particular,	has	experienced	extreme	price
and	volume	fluctuations	that	have	often	been	unrelated	or	disproportionate	to	the	operating	performance	of	those	companies.	Broad	market	and
industry	factors	may	seriously	affect	the	market	price	of	companies’	stock,	including	ours,	regardless	of	actual	operating	performance.	In	addition,	in
the	past,	following	periods	of	volatility	in	the	overall	market	and	the	market	price	of	a	particular	company’s	securities,	securities	class	action	litigation
has	often	been	instituted	against	these	companies.	For	example,	a	shareholder	litigation	like	this	was	filed	against	us	in	2013.	While	the	trial	court
dismissed	the	plaintiffs’	complaint	with	prejudice,	this	litigation	(if	the	trial	court’s	order	is	successfully	appealed)	or	others	like	it	could	result	in
substantial	costs	and	a	diversion	of	our	management’s	attention	and	resources.
Conversion	of	our	convertible	senior	notes	may	dilute	the	ownership	interest	of	existing	stockholders,	including	holders	who	had
previously	converted	their	notes,	or	may	otherwise	depress	the	price	of	our	common	stock.
The	conversion	of	some	or	all	of	our	convertible	senior	notes	will	dilute	the	ownership	interests	of	existing	stockholders	to	the	extent	we	deliver
shares	upon	conversion	of	any	of	the	notes.	As	described	in	the	Risk	Factor	“
Servicing	our	indebtedness	requires	a	significant	amount	of	cash,	and	we
may	not	have	sufficient	cash	flow	from	our	business	to	pay	our	substantial	debt,”	
our	convertible	senior	notes	have	been	historically,	and	may	become	in
the	future,	convertible	at	the	option	of	their	holders	prior	to	their	scheduled	terms	under	certain	circumstances.	Any	sales	in	the	public	market	of	the
common	stock	issuable	upon	such	conversion	could	adversely	affect	prevailing	market	prices	of	our	common	stock.	In	addition,	the	existence	of	the
notes	may	encourage	short	selling	by	market	participants	because	the	conversion	of	the	notes	could	be	used	to	satisfy	short	positions,	or	anticipated
conversion	of	the	notes	into	shares	of	our	common	stock	could	depress	the	price	of	our	common	stock.
The	convertible	note	hedge	and	warrant	transactions	we	entered	into	in	connection	with	the	issuance	of	our	convertible	senior
notes	may	affect	the	value	of	the	notes	and	our	common	stock.
In	connection	with	each	issuance	of	our	convertible	senior	notes,	we	entered	into	convertible	note	hedge	transactions	with	the	hedge
counterparties.	The	convertible	note	hedge	transactions	cover,	subject	to	customary	anti-dilution	adjustments,	the	number	of	shares	of	our	common
stock	that	initially	underlay	the	applicable	notes.	The	convertible	note	hedge	transactions	are	expected	to	reduce	the	potential	dilution	and/or	offset
potential	cash	payments	we	are	required	to	make	in	excess	of	the	principal	amount	upon	conversion	of	the	applicable	notes.	We	also	entered	into
warrant	transactions	with	the	hedge	counterparties	relating	to	the	same	number	of	shares	of	our	common	stock,	subject	to	customary	anti-dilution
adjustments.	However,	the	warrant	transactions	could	separately	have	a	dilutive	effect	on	our	common	stock	to	the	extent	that	the	market	price	per
share	of	our	common	stock	exceeds	the	applicable	strike	price	of	the	warrants	on	the	applicable	expiration	dates.
In	addition,	the	hedge	counterparties	or	their	affiliates	may	modify	their	hedge	positions	by	entering	into	or	unwinding	various	derivatives	with
respect	to	our	common	stock	and/or	purchasing	or	selling	our	common	stock	or	other	securities	of	ours	in	secondary	market	transactions	prior	to	the
maturity	of	the	applicable	notes	(and	are	likely	to	do	so	during	any	observation	period	related	to	a	conversion	of	notes).	This	activity	could	also	cause	or
prevent	an	increase	or	a	decrease	in	the	market	price	of	our	common	stock	or	the	notes.
We	do	not	make	any	representation	or	prediction	as	to	the	direction	or	magnitude	of	any	potential	effect	that	the	transactions	described	above
may	have	on	the	prices	of	the	notes	or	the	shares	of	our	common	stock.	In	addition,	we	do	not	make	any	representation	that	the	hedge	counterparties
have	engaged	or	will	engage	in	these	transactions	or	that	these	transactions,	once	commenced,	will	not	be	discontinued	without	notice.
Mr.	Musk	borrowed	funds	from	affiliates	of	certain	underwriters	in	our	public	offerings	and/or	private	placements	and	has	pledged
shares	of	our	common	stock	to	secure	these	borrowings.	The	forced	sale	of	these	shares	pursuant	to	a	margin	call	could	cause	our
stock	price	to	decline	and	negatively	impact	our	business.
Beginning	in	June	2011,	banking	institutions	that	are	affiliated	with	certain	underwriters	of	our	completed	public	offerings	of	common	stock	and
our	convertible	senior	notes	made	extensions	of	credit	to	Elon	Musk	and	the	Elon	Musk	Revocable	Trust	dated	July	22,	2003,	or	the	Trust,	a	portion	of
which	Mr.	Musk	used	to	purchase	shares	of	common	stock	in	our	public	offerings	in	May	2013	and	August	2015	and	private	placements	in	June	2011
and	June	2013.	We	are	not	a	party	to	these	loans,	which	are	full	recourse	against	Mr.	Musk	and	the	Trust	and	are	secured	by	pledges	of	a	portion	of	the
Tesla	common	stock	currently	owned	by	Mr.	Musk	and	the	Trust	and	other	shares	of	capital	stock	of	unrelated	entities	owned	by	Mr.	Musk	and	the
Trust.
26If	the	price	of	our	common	stock	declines,	Mr.	Musk	may	be	forced	by	one	or	more	of	the	banking	institutions	to	provide	additional	collater
al	for
the	loans	or	to	sell	shares	of	Tesla	common	stock	in	order	to	remain	within	the	margin	limitations	imposed	under	the	terms	of	his	loans.	The	loans
between	these	banking	institutions	on	the	one	hand,	and	Mr.	Musk	and	the	Trust	on	the	other	hand,	proh
ibit	the	non-pledged	shares	currently	owned	by
Mr.	Musk	and	the	Trust	from	being	pledged	to	secure	any	other	loans.	These	factors	may	limit	Mr.	Musk’s	ability	to	either	pledge	additional	shares	of
Tesla	common	stock	or	sell	shares	of	Tesla	common	stock	as	
a	means	to	avoid	or	satisfy	a	margin	call	with	respect	to	his	pledged	Tesla	common	stock	in
the	event	of	a	decline	in	our	stock	price	that	is	large	enough	to	trigger	a	margin	call.	Any	sales	of	common	stock	following	a	margin	call	that	is	not
satisfied	may
	cause	the	price	of	our	common	stock	to	decline	further.
Anti-takeover	provisions	contained	in	our	certificate	of	incorporation	and	bylaws,	the	provisions	of	Delaware	law,	and	the	terms	of
our	convertible	senior	notes	could	impair	a	takeover	attempt.
Our	certificate	of	incorporation,	bylaws,	Delaware	law	and	the	terms	of	our	convertible	senior	notes	contain	provisions	which	could	have	the
effect	of	rendering	more	difficult,	delaying	or	preventing	an	acquisition	deemed	undesirable	by	our	board	of	directors.	Our	corporate	governance
documents	include	provisions:
	
·
creating	a	classified	board	of	directors	whose	members	serve	staggered	three-year	terms;
	
·
authorizing	“blank	check”	preferred	stock,	which	could	be	issued	by	the	board	without	stockholder	approval	and	may	contain	voting,
liquidation,	dividend	and	other	rights	superior	to	our	common	stock;
	
·
limiting	the	liability	of,	and	providing	indemnification	to,	our	directors	and	officers;
	
·
limiting	the	ability	of	our	stockholders	to	call	and	bring	business	before	special	meetings;
	
·
requiring	advance	notice	of	stockholder	proposals	for	business	to	be	conducted	at	meetings	of	our	stockholders	and	for	nominations	of
candidates	for	election	to	our	board	of	directors;
	
·
controlling	the	procedures	for	the	conduct	and	scheduling	of	board	and	stockholder	meetings;	and
	
·
providing	the	board	of	directors	with	the	express	power	to	postpone	previously	scheduled	annual	meetings	and	to	cancel	previously
scheduled	special	meetings.
As	a	Delaware	corporation,	we	are	also	subject	to	provisions	of	Delaware	law,	including	Section	203	of	the	Delaware	General	Corporation	law,
which	prevents	some	stockholders	holding	more	than	15%	of	our	outstanding	common	stock	from	engaging	in	certain	business	combinations	without
approval	of	the	holders	of	substantially	all	of	our	outstanding	common	stock.
Any	provision	of	our	certificate	of	incorporation	or	bylaws	or	Delaware	law	that	has	the	effect	of	delaying	or	deterring	a	change	in	control	could
limit	the	opportunity	for	our	stockholders	to	receive	a	premium	for	their	shares	of	our	common	stock,	and	could	also	affect	the	price	that	some	investors
are	willing	to	pay	for	our	common	stock.
In	addition,	the	terms	of	the	convertible	senior	notes	require	us	to	repurchase	the	notes	in	the	event	of	a	fundamental	change.	A	takeover	of	our
company	would	trigger	an	option	of	the	holders	of	the	notes	to	require	us	to	repurchase	the	notes.	This	may	have	the	effect	of	delaying	or	preventing	a
takeover	of	our	company	that	would	otherwise	be	beneficial	to	our	stockholders.
	
	
I
TEM	1B.
UNRESOLVED	STAFF	COMMENTS
None.
	
	
27I
TEM	2.
PROPERTIES
The	following	table	sets	forth	the	location,	approximate	size	and	primary	use	of	our	principal	leased	and	owned	facilities:
	
Location
	
Approximate
Size	(Building)
in	Square	Feet
	
	
Primary	Use
	
Lease
Expiration
Date
Fremont,	California
	
	
5,400,000
	
	
Manufacturing,	administration,	engineering	services,	parts
warehousing,	and	vehicle	service
	
Owned	building
Palo	Alto,	California
	
	
350,000
	
	
Corporate	headquarters,	administration,	engineering	services
and	powertrain	development	services
	
January	2020
Tilburg,	Netherlands
	
	
499,710
	
	
Administration,	engineering	services,	powertrain	development
services,	parts	warehousing,	final	vehicle	assembly	and	vehicle
service
	
November
	
2023
Lathrop,	California
	
	
430,770
	
	
Manufacturing
	
Owned	building	
(1)
Fremont,	California
	
	
302,400
	
	
Sales,	marketing	and	services	center
	
March	2028
Fremont,	California
	
	
506,490
	
	
Administration,	sales	and	marketing	services
	
August	2025
Amsterdam,	Netherlands
	
	
71,142
	
	
Administration
	
February	2024
Hawthorne,	California
	
	
132,250
	
	
Vehicle	engineering	and	design	services
	
December	2022
Beijing,	China
	
	
8,190
	
	
Administration,	sales	and	marketing	services
	
November	2017
	
(1)
As	of	December	31,	2014,	the	Lathrop	property	was	subject	to	a	lease	agreement.	In	January	2015,	Tesla	exercised	its	option	to	purchase	the	Lathrop
property	under	the	terms	of	the	lease	agreement.
In	addition	to	the	properties	included	in	the	table	above,	we	also	lease	a	large	number	of	properties	in	North	America,	Europe	and	Asia	for	our
retail	and	service	locations	as	well	as	Supercharger	sites.
We	currently	intend	to	add	new	facilities	or	expand	our	existing	facilities	as	we	add	employees	and	expand	our	network	of	stores	and	galleries,
service	locations	and	Supercharger	sites.	We	believe	that	suitable	additional	or	alternative	space	will	be	available	in	the	future	on	commercially
reasonable	terms	to	accommodate	our	foreseeable	future	expansion.
	
	
I
TEM	3.
LEGAL	PROCEEDINGS
See	Item	8	of	Part	II,	Financial	Statements	and	Supplementary	Data—Note	13—
Commitments	and	Contingencies
.
	
	
I
TEM	4.
MINE	SAFETY	DISCLOSURES
Not	applicable.
	
	
	
28P
ART	II
	
I
TEM	5.
MARKET	FOR	REGISTRANT’S	COMMON	EQUITY,	RELATED	STOCKHOLDER	MATTERS	AND	ISSUER	PURCHASES	OF
EQUITY	SECURITIES
Market	Information
Our	common	stock	has	traded	on	The	NASDAQ	Global	Select	Market	under	the	symbol	“TSLA”	since	it	began	trading	on	June	29,	2010.	Our
initial	public	offering	was	priced	at	$17.00	per	share	on	June	28,	2010.	The	following	table	sets	forth,	for	the	time	period	indicated,	the	high	and	low
closing	sales	price	of	our	common	stock	as	reported	on	The	NASDAQ	Global	Select	Market.
	
	
	
2015
	
	
2014
	
	
	
High
	
	
Low
	
	
High
	
	
Low
	
First	Quarter
	
$
225.48
	
	
$
181.40
	
	
$
254.84
	
	
$
139.34
	
Second	Quarter
	
	
271.41
	
	
	
186.05
	
	
	
240.06
	
	
	
178.59
	
Third	Quarter
	
	
286.65
	
	
	
195.00
	
	
	
286.04
	
	
	
215.40
	
Fourth	Quarter
	
	
249.84
	
	
	
202.00
	
	
	
260.62
	
	
	
197.81
	
Holders
As	of	January	31,	2016,	there	were	836	holders	of	record	of	our	common	stock.	A	substantially	greater	number	of	holders	of	our	common	stock
are	“street	name”	or	beneficial	holders,	whose	shares	are	held	by	banks,	brokers	and	other	financial	institutions.
Dividend	Policy
We	have	never	declared	or	paid	cash	dividends	on	our	common	stock.	We	currently	do	not	anticipate	paying	any	cash	dividends	in	the
foreseeable	future.	Any	future	determination	to	declare	cash	dividends	will	be	made	at	the	discretion	of	our	board	of	directors,	subject	to	applicable
laws,	and	will	depend	on	our	financial	condition,	results	of	operations,	capital	requirements,	general	business	conditions	and	other	factors	that	our
board	of	directors	may	deem	relevant.
29Stock	Performance	Graph
This	performance	graph	shall	not	be	deemed	“filed”	for	purposes	of	Section	18	of	the	Securities	Exchange	Act	of	1934,	as	amended	(the
Exchange	Act),	or	incorporated	by	reference	into	any	filing	of	Tesla	Motors,	Inc.	under	the	Securities	Act	of	1933,	as	amended,	or	the	Exchange	Act,
except	as	shall	be	expressly	set	forth	by	specific	reference	in	such	filing.
The	following	graph	shows	a	comparison	from	January	31,	2011	through	December	31,	2015,	of	the	cumulative	total	return	for	our	common
stock,	the	NASDAQ	Composite	Index,	and	a	group	of	all	public	companies	sharing	the	same	SIC	code	as	us	which	is	SIC	code	3711,	“Motor	Vehicles	and
Passenger	Car	Bodies”	(Motor	Vehicles	and	Passenger	Car	Bodies	Public	Company	Group).	Such	returns	are	based	on	historical	results	and	are	not
intended	to	suggest	future	performance.	Data	for	The	NASDAQ	Composite	Index	and	the	Motor	Vehicles	and	Passenger	Car	Bodies	Public	Company
Group	assumes	an	investment	of	$100	on	January	31,	2011	and	reinvestment	of	dividends.	We	have	never	declared	or	paid	cash	dividends	on	our	capital
stock	nor	do	we	anticipate	paying	any	such	cash	dividends	in	the	foreseeable	future.
	
Unregistered	Sales	of	Equity	Securities
None.
Purchases	of	Equity	Securities	by	the	Issuer	and	Affiliated	Purchasers
None.
	
	
30I
TEM	6.
SELECTED	CONSOLIDATED	FINANCIAL	DATA
The	following	selected	consolidated	financial	data	should	be	read	in	conjunction	with	“Management’s	Discussion	and	Analysis	of	Financial
Condition	and	Results	of	Operations”	and	our	consolidated	financial	statements	and	the	related	notes	included	elsewhere	in	this	Annual	Report	on	Form
10-K.		
	
	
	
Year	Ended	December	31,
	
	
	
2015
	
	
2014
	
	
2013
	
	
2012
	
	
2011
	
	
	
(in	thousands,	except	per	share	data)
	
Consolidated	Statements	of	Operations	Data:
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Total	revenues
	
$
4,046,025
	
	
$
3,198,356
	
	
$
2,013,496
	
	
$
413,256
	
	
$
204,242
	
Gross	profit
	
	
923,503
	
	
	
881,671
	
	
	
456,262
	
	
	
30,067
	
	
	
61,595
	
Loss	from	operations
	
	
(716,629
)
	
	
(186,689
)
	
	
(61,283
)
	
	
(394,283
)
	
	
(251,488
)
Net	loss
	
$
(888,663
)
	
$
(294,040
)
	
$
(74,014
)
	
$
(396,213
)
	
$
(254,411
)
Net	loss	per	share	of	common	stock,	basic	and
			diluted	
(1)
	
$
(6.93
)
	
$
(2.36
)
	
$
(0.62
)
	
$
(3.69
)
	
$
(2.53
)
Weighted	average	shares	used	in	computing
			net	loss	per	share	of	common	stock,
			basic	and	diluted	
(1)
	
	
128,202
	
	
	
124,539
	
	
	
119,421
	
	
	
107,349
	
	
	
100,389
	
(1)
Diluted	net	loss	per	share	of	common	stock	is	computed	excluding	common	stock	subject	to	repurchase,	and,	if	dilutive,	potential	shares	of
common	stock	outstanding	during	the	period.	Potential	shares	of	common	stock	consist	of	stock	options	to	purchase	shares	of	our	common	stock,
the	conversion	of	our	convertible	senior	notes	(using	the	treasury	stock	method),	warrants	to	purchase	shares	of	our	common	stock	issued	in
connection	with	our	2018	Notes,	2019	Notes,	and	2021	Notes	(using	the	treasury	stock	method),	warrants	to	purchase	shares	of	our	convertible
preferred	stock	(using	the	treasury	stock	method)	and	the	conversion	of	our	convertible	preferred	stock	and	convertible	notes	payable	(using	the
if-converted	method).	For	purposes	of	these	calculations,	potential	shares	of	common	stock	have	been	excluded	from	the	calculation	of	diluted
net	loss	per	share	of	common	stock	as	their	effect	is	antidilutive	since	we	generated	a	net	loss	in	each	period.
	
	
	
As	of	December	31,
	
	
	
2015
	
	
2014
	
	
2013
	
	
2012
	
	
2011
	
Consolidated	Balance	Sheet	Data:
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Working	capital	(deficit)	
(3)
	
$
(24,706
)
	
$
1,072,907
	
	
$
585,665
	
	
$
(14,340
)
	
$
181,499
	
Total	assets
	
	
8,092,460
	
	
	
5,830,667
	
	
	
2,411,816
	
	
	
1,114,190
	
	
	
713,448
	
Total	long-term	obligations	
(1)(2)
	
	
4,145,197
	
	
	
2,753,595
	
	
	
1,069,535
	
	
	
450,382
	
	
	
298,064
	
(1)
In	May	2013,	we	issued	$660.0	million	aggregate	principal	amount	of	2018	Notes	in	a	public	offering.	In	accordance	with	accounting	guidance
on	embedded	conversion	features,	we	valued	and	bifurcated	the	conversion	option	associated	with	the	2018	Notes	from	the	host	debt	instrument
and	initially	recorded	the	conversion	option	of	$82.8	million	in	equity.	During	the	fourth	quarter	of	2015,	the	closing	price	of	our	common	stock
exceeded	130%	of	the	applicable	conversion	price	of	our	2018	Notes	on	at	least	20	of	the	last	30	consecutive	trading	days	of	the	quarter;
therefore,	holders	of	2018	Notes	may	convert	their	notes	during	the	first	quarter	of	2016.	As	such,	we	classified	the	$617.7	million	carrying	value
of	our	2018	Notes	as	current	liabilities	on	our	condensed	consolidated	balance	sheet	as	of	December	31,	2015.
In	March	2014,	we	issued	$800.0	million	principal	amount	of	0.25%	convertible	senior	notes	due	2019	(2019	Notes)	and	$1.20	billion	principal
amount	of	1.25%	convertible	senior	notes	due	2021	(2021	Notes)	in	a	public	offering.	In	April	2014,	we	issued	an	additional	$120.0	million
aggregate	principal	amount	of	2019	Notes	and	$180.0	million	aggregate	principal	amount	of	2021	Notes,	pursuant	to	the	exercise	in	full	of	the
overallotment	options	of	the	underwriters	of	our	March	2014	public	offering.	In	accordance	with	accounting	guidance	on	embedded	conversion
features,	we	valued	and	bifurcated	the	conversion	option	associated	with	the	notes	from	the	host	debt	instrument	and	recorded	the	conversion
option	of	$188.1	million	for	the	2019	Notes	and	$369.4	million	for	the	2021	Notes	in	stockholders’	equity	as	of	December	31,	2014
(2)
As	of	August	31,	2012,	we	had	fully	drawn	down	our	$465.0	million	under	our	DOE	loan	facility.	In	May	2013,	we	used	a	portion	of	the	Notes
offering	proceeds	to	repay	all	outstanding	loan	amounts	under	the	DOE	Loan	Facility.
(3)
In		November	2015,	the	FASB	issued	Accounting	Standards	Update	No.	2015-17,	Income	Taxes	(Topic	740):	Balance	Sheet	Classification	of
Deferred	Taxes	(ASU	2015-17),	which	simplifies	the	presentation	of	deferred	income	taxes	by	requiring	that	deferred	tax	assets	and	liabilities	be
classified	as	noncurrent	on	the	balance	sheet.	We	have	retrospectively	adopted	this	standard	and	reclassified	all	of	our	current	deferred	tax
assets	to	noncurrent	deferred	tax	assets	on	our	consolidated	balance	sheets	data	for	all	periods	presented.	As	a	result	of	the	reclassifications,
certain	noncurrent	deferred	tax	liabilities	were	netted	with	noncurrent	deferred	tax	assets	for	all	periods	presented.
	
	
31I
TEM	7.
MANAGEMENT’S	DISCUSSION	AND	ANALYSIS	OF	FINANCIAL	CONDITION	AND	RESULTS	OF	OPERATIONS
The	following	discussion	and	analysis	should	be	read	in	conjunction	with	our	consolidated	financial	statements	and	the	related	notes	that	appear
elsewhere	in	this	Annual	Report	on	Form	10-K.		
Overview	and	2015	Highlights
We	design,	develop,	manufacture,	and	sell	high-performance	fully	electric	vehicles,	and	energy	storage	products.	We	are	currently	producing	and
selling	our	Model	S	sedan	and	our	Model	X	sport	utility	vehicle.	Since	the	introduction	of	Model	S	in	June	2012,	we	have	enhanced	our	vehicle	offerings
with	all-wheel	drive	capability,	autopilot	options,	and	free	over-the-air	software	updates.		We	commenced	customer	deliveries	of	our	Model	X	in
September	2015	and	are	currently	ramping	production.	
We	have	delivered	over	107,000	vehicles	through	December	31,	2015.		We	intend	to	unveil
Model	3,	a	lower	priced	sedan	designed	for	the	mass	market,	in	the	first	quarter	of	2016	and	expect	to	commence	production	and	deliveries	of	this
vehicle	in	late	2017.
In	addition	to	our	automotive	products,	we	recently	announced	the	next	generation	of	our	energy	storage	products,	the	7	kWh	and	10	kWh
Powerwall	for	residential	applications	and	the	100	kWh	Powerpack	for	commercial	and	industrial	applications.		We	began	production	and	deliveries	of
these	products,	which	we	will	sell	under	the	Tesla	Energy	brand,	in	the	third	quarter	of	2015.			We	transitioned	the	production	of	these	products	from
the	Fremont	Factory	to	the	Gigafactory	during	Q4	2015.
Our	primary	source	of	revenue	is	from	the	sale	of	our	vehicles.	During	the	year	ended	December	31,	2015,	we	recognized	total	revenues	of	$4.05
billion,	an	increase	of	$847.7	million	over	total	revenues	of	$3.20	billion	for	the	year	ended	December	31,	2014,	primarily	driven	by	growth	of	Model	S
deliveries	worldwide.	Gross	margin	for	the	year	ended	December	31,	2015	was	22.8%,	a	decrease	from	27.6%	for	the	year	ended	December	31,	2014.
We	continue	to	increase	our	sales	and	service	footprint	worldwide	and	expand	our	Supercharging	and	destination	charging	networks.	With	the
continued	global	expansion	of	our	customer	support	and	Supercharger	infrastructure,	selling,	general	and	administrative	expenses	were	$922.2	million
for	the	year	ended	December	31,	2015,	compared	to	$603.7	million	for	the	year	ended	December	30,	2014.
	
	
Management	Opportunities,	Challenges	and	Risks
Vehicle	Orders,	Production	and	Deliveries
We	are	currently	producing	and	selling	both	the	Model	S	sedan	and	the	Model	X	sport	utility	vehicle.	
We	have	broadened	the	appeal	of	Model	S
by	introducing	new	variants	that	improve	range,	performance,	and	value.		For	those	wanting	a	more	affordable	car,	we	introduced	Model	S	70	with	a
starting	price	of	only	$70,000	before	incentives	and	fuel	savings.		Our	new	90kWh	battery	pack	option	enables	almost	300	miles	of	range	at	65
mph.		Finally,	for	our	performance	enthusiasts,	the	new	Ludicrous	mode	option	improves	0	to	60	mph	acceleration	to	2.8	seconds.	The	introduction	of
Model	X	now	provides	customers	with	a	performance	electric	vehicle	option	in	the	sport	utility	segment	for	the	first	time.	Similar	to	Model	S,	we	expect
to	introduce	new	versions	and	functionality	for	the	Model	X	over	time.		Overall,	we	expect	that	demand	for	our	vehicles	will	continue	to	increase
worldwide	as	more	people	drive	and	become	aware	of	our	vehicles,	as	we	grow	our	customer	sales	and	service	infrastructure,	and	as	we	continue	to
develop	our	products.
We	have	been	increasing	our	production	activities	and	expect	to	continue	to	do	so.		In	August	2014,	we	began	a	significant	production	capacity
increase	at	the	Tesla	Factory	by	transitioning	to	our	new	final	assembly	line	and	upgrading	our	body	center.	These	production	capacity	increases
continued	into	2015,	with	further	investments	including	building	a	new	paint	shop,	a	new	body	shop	for	Model	X,	and	additional	stamping	capacity.	We
expect	our	annual	production	will	increase	considerably	each	year	for	the	next	several	years.	In	addition,	scaling	our	deliveries	means	that	we	will	have
an	increasing	number	of	cars	in-transit,	therefore	production	will	exceed	deliveries.		
During	2015,	we	achieved	significant	efficiencies	in	Model	S	production	and	produced	14,037	vehicles	in	the	fourth	quarter	of	2015.	We	began
production	of	Model	X	in	the	third	quarter	of	2015.	
We	plan	to	deliver	80,000	to	90,000	new	Model	S	and	Model	X	vehicles	in	2016.
32In	addition	to	expanding	our	vehicle	production,	we	expect	to	continue	to	lower	the	cost	of	manufacturing	our	vehicles	over	the	next	several
quarters.	We	expect	that	this	trend	will	contribute	to	improved	au
tomotive	gross	margin	over	time,	excluding	the	impact	of	foreign	currency
movements.	Significant	cost	improvements	for	Model	S	were	achieved	in	2014	and	2015	relating	to
	material	cost	reductions	from	both	engineering	and
commercial	actions,	and	manufacturing	efficiencies,	excluding	the	impact	of	newly	introduced	Model	S	variants	and	Model	X.	However,	during	our
product	introductions	over	the	last	few	years,	we	incurred	ma
nufacturing	inefficiencies	which	negatively	impacted	our	gross	margin.	We	expect	that
automotive	gross	margin	should	increase	during	2016	due	to	cost	reductions	for	Model	S	and	improving	margin	on	Model
	X	as	our	manufacturing
effici
ency	improves	for	that	v
ehicle,	supporting	our	plan	to	be
	profitable	for	the	fourth	quarter	of	2016.
	I
f	we	are	not	able	to	achieve	the	planned	cost
reductions	from	our	various	cost	savings	and	process	improvement	initiatives	or	
ramp
	Model	X	efficiently,	our	ability	to	reach	our	g
ross	margin	goals
would	be	negatively	affected	in	the	short-term.
To	support	our	planned	vehicle	growth	in	2016,	we	plan	to	continue	expanding	stores	and	service	infrastructure	worldwide,	provide	more	timely
service	in	areas	with	a	high	concentration	of	Tesla	customers,	and	continue	expanding	our	Supercharger	and	destination	charger	network.	Since	we
now	offer	our	vehicles	in	many	countries	throughout	North	America,	Europe	and	Asia,	our	expansion	will	primarily	occur	in	geographic	areas	in	which
we	already	have	a	presence.	We	expect	our	long-term	sales	outside	of	North	America	will	be	almost	half	of	our	worldwide	automotive	revenue.
	
As
compared	to	markets	in	the	United	States,	we	have	relatively	limited	experience	in	international	markets,	and	thus	we	may	face	difficulties	meeting	our
future	international	expansion	plans.	If	we	experience	unexpected	difficulties	or	delays	in	finding	and	opening	desirable	locations	for	stores	and	service
centers,	we	may	not	be	able	to	meet	our	delivery	plans.
Trends	in	Cash	Flow,	Capital	Expenditures	and	Operating	Expenses
We	expect	to	see	a	net	increase	in	cash	and	cash	equivalents	for	the	full-year	2016.	We	plan	to	fund	about	$1.5	billion	in	capital	expenditures
without	accessing	any	outside	capital	other	than	our	existing	sources	that	support	our	leasing	and	finished	goods	inventory.	We	plan	to	invest	in
equipment	to	support	cell	production	at	the	Gigafactory,	begin	installation	of	Model	3	vehicle	production	machinery,	open	about	80	retail	locations	and
service	centers,	and	energize	about	300	new	Supercharger	locations.
Our	operating	expenses	are	expected	to	grow	by	about	20%	in	2016	as	compared	to	2015,	driven	primarily	by	the	expansion	of	our	retail	and
service	centers	as	well	as	increases	in	general	and	administrative	costs	to	support	the	growth	of	the	business.	We	expect	sales,	general	and
administrative	expenses	to	decline	over	time	as	a	percentage	of	revenue	as	we	focus	on	increasing	operational	efficiency	while	continuing	to	expand	our
customer	and	corporate	infrastructure.	Over	time,	we	also	expect	total	operating	expenses	to	decrease	as	a	percentage	of	revenue.
As	of	December	31,	2015	and	December	31,	2014,	the	net	book	value	of	our	Supercharger	network	was	$339.2	million	and	$107.8	million	and	as
of	December	31,	2015	included	584	locations	globally.	We	plan	to	continue	investing	in	our	Supercharger	network	for	the	foreseeable	future,	including
in	North	America,	Europe	and	Asia	and	expect	such	spending	to	be	a	minimal	portion	of	total	capital	spending	during	2016.	During	2016,	this
investment	will	grow	our	Supercharger	network	by	about	50%.	We	allocate	Supercharger	related	expenses	to	cost	of	automotive	revenues	and	selling,
general,	and	administrative	expenses.	These	costs	were	immaterial	for	all	periods	presented.
Customer	Financing	Options
We	offer	loans	and	leases	in	North	America,	Europe	and	Asia	primarily	through	various	financial	institutions.	We	offer	a	resale	value	guarantee
in	connection	with	certain	loans	offered	by	financial	institutions	and	as	of	December	31,	2015	had	approximately	18,400	vehicles	under	this	program.
We	expanded	this	program	to	selected	European	and	Asian	markets	during	the	first	half	of	2015.	Resale	value	guarantees	available	for	exercise	within
the	next	12	months	total	$136.8	million	in	value	and	relate	to	3,017	vehicles.
Vehicle	deliveries	with	the	resale	value	guarantee	do	not	impact	our	near-term	cash	flows	and	liquidity,	since	we	receive	the	full	amount	of	cash
for	the	vehicle	sales	price	at	delivery.	However,	this	program	requires	the	deferral	of	revenues	and	costs	into	future	periods	as	they	are	considered
leases	for	accounting	purposes.
While	we	do	not	assume	any	credit	risk	related	to	the	customer,	if	a	customer	exercises	the	option	to	return	the	vehicle	to	us,	we	are	exposed	to
liquidity	risk	that	the	resale	value	of	vehicles	under	these	programs	may	be	lower	than	our	guarantee,	or	the	volume	of	vehicles	returned	to	us	may	be
higher	than	our	estimates,	or	we	may	be	unable	to	resell	the	used	cars	in	a	timely	manner,	all	of	which	could	adversely	impact	our	cash	flows.
Alternatively,	in	cases	where	customers	retain	their	vehicles	past	the	expiration	of	the	guarantee	period,	the	remaining	deferred	revenues	and	costs	will
be	recognized	at	no	gross	profit.
Based	on	current	market	demand	for	our	cars,	we	estimate	the	resale	prices	for	our	vehicles	will	continue	to	be	above	our	resale	value	guarantee
amounts.	Should	market	values	of	our	vehicles	or	customer	demand	decrease,	these	estimates	may	be	impacted	materially.
33We	currently	offer	leases	in	the	U.
S.	directly	from	
our	captive	financing	entity,	as	well	as	through	a	
leasing
	
partner.	Leasing	through	Tesl
a
Finance	is	now	available	in	39
	states
	and
	the	District	of	Columbia.	
We	also	offer	financing	arrangements	through	e
ntities	in	
Canada,	
Germany	and
UK.		
As	of	
December	
3
1
,	2015,	we	ha
d	
leased	
approximately	
3,
660
	vehicles	throu
gh	our	captive	financing	entities	in	the	U.S.	and	Germany
	and
approximately	
6,73
0
	vehicles	through	our	
leasing
	
partner.	Le
asing	through	both	our	
captive	financing	entities
	and	our	
leasing
	
partner	exposes	us	to
residual	value	risk	and	will	adversely	impact	our	near-term	operating	results	by	requiring	the	deferral	of	revenues	and	costs	into	future	periods	under
lease	accounting.	In	addition,	for	leas
es	off
ered	directly	from	our	captive	financing	entities
	(but	not	for	those	offered	through	our	bank	partner),	we	will
not	receive	the	full	amount	of	the	cash	for	the	vehicle	price	at	delivery	and	will	assume	customer	credit	risk.	We	plan	to	continue	expand
ing	our	leasing
offerings.
The	Gigafactory
We	are	developing	the	Gigafactory	as	a	facility	where	we	work	together	with	our	suppliers	to	integrate	production	of	battery	material,	cells,
modules	and	battery	packs	in	one	location.	We	broke	ground	on	the	Gigafactory	in	June	2014	and	began	assembling	our	Tesla	Energy	products	in	the
first	portion	of	the	facility	in	the	fourth	quarter	of	2015.		We	currently	expect	to	produce	cells	at	this	site	beginning	in	2016	for	use	initially	in	our	Tesla
Energy	products	and	later	for	our	vehicles.	Over	the	next	few	years,	we	will	continue	to	invest	in	the	expansion	of	additional	Tesla	Energy	production
capacity.		
We	continue	to	invest	in	construction	of	the	building	and	utilities	at	the	Gigafactory	and	in	production	equipment	for	battery,	module	and	pack
production.	We	will	be	responsible	for	the	overall	management	of	the	Gigafactory	and	will	engage	with	partners	who	have	significant	experience	in
battery	cell	and	material	production.	Panasonic	has	agreed	to	partner	with	us	on	the	Gigafactory	with	investments	in	production	equipment	that	it	will
use	to	manufacture	and	supply	us	with	battery	cells.	Under	our	arrangement	with	Panasonic,	we	plan	to	purchase	the	full	output	from	their	production
equipment	at	negotiated	prices.		As	these	terms	convey	a	right	to	use	the	production	related	assets	as	defined	within	ASC	840	–	
Leases
,	we	will	consider
these	leased	assets	beginning	with	the	start	of	cell	production	in	2016.
Given	the	size	and	complexity	of	this	undertaking,	the	cost	of	building	and	operating	the	Gigafactory	could	exceed	our	current	expectations,	we
may	have	difficulty	signing	up	additional	partners,	and	the	Gigafactory	may	take	longer	to	bring	online	than	we	anticipate.
	
	
Critical	Accounting	Policies	and	Estimates
Our	consolidated	financial	statements	are	prepared	in	accordance	with	accounting	principles	generally	accepted	in	the	United	States.	The
preparation	of	these	consolidated	financial	statements	requires	us	to	make	estimates	and	assumptions	that	affect	the	reported	amounts	of	assets,
liabilities,	revenues,	costs	and	expenses	and	related	disclosures.	We	base	our	estimates	on	historical	experience,	as	appropriate,	and	on	various	other
assumptions	that	we	believe	to	be	reasonable	under	the	circumstances.	Changes	in	the	accounting	estimates	are	reasonably	likely	to	occur	from	period
to	period.	Accordingly,	actual	results	could	differ	significantly	from	the	estimates	made	by	our	management.	We	evaluate	our	estimates	and
assumptions	on	an	ongoing	basis.	To	the	extent	that	there	are	material	differences	between	these	estimates	and	actual	results,	our	future	financial
statement	presentation,	financial	condition,	results	of	operations	and	cash	flows	will	be	affected.	We	believe	that	the	following	critical	accounting
policies	involve	a	greater	degree	of	judgment	and	complexity	than	our	other	accounting	policies.	Accordingly,	these	are	the	policies	we	believe	are	the
most	critical	to	understanding	and	evaluating	our	consolidated	financial	condition	and	results	of	operations.
Revenue	Recognition
We	recognize	revenue	for	products	and	services	when:	(i)	a	persuasive	evidence	of	an	arrangement	exists;	(ii)	delivery	has	occurred	and	there
are	no	uncertainties	regarding	customer	acceptance;	(iii)	pricing	or	fees	are	fixed	or	determinable;	and	(iv)	collection	is	reasonably	assured.
Vehicle	sales	include	standard	features,	customer	selected	options	and	accessories,	and	specific	other	elements	that	meet	the	definition	of	a
deliverable	under	multiple-element	accounting	guidance	including	free	internet	connectivity,	access	to	our	Supercharger	network,	and	future	over	the
air	software	updates.		These	deliverables	are	valued	on	a	stand-alone	basis	and	we	recognize	their	revenue	over	our	performance	period,	which	is
generally	the	eight-year	life	of	the	vehicle,	except	for	internet	connectivity	which	is	over	the	free	four	year	period.		If	we	sell	a	deliverable	separately,
we	use	that	pricing	to	determine	its	fair	value;	otherwise,	we	use	our	best	estimated	selling	price	by	considering	costs	used	to	develop	and	deliver	the
service,	third	party	pricing	of	similar	options,	and	other	information	which	may	be	available.
34Vehicle	sales	
to	customers	with	a	residual	value	guarantee
We	offer	resale	value	guarantees	or	similar	buy-back	terms	to	all	customers	who	purchase	vehicles	and	who	finance	their	vehicle	through	one	of
our	specified	banking	partners.		Under	this	program,	customers	have	the	option	of	selling	their	vehicle	back	to	us	during	the	guarantee	period	for	a	pre-
determined	resale	value.		Guarantee	periods	generally	range	from	36	to	39	months.		Although	we	receive	full	payment	for	the	vehicle	sales	price	at	the
time	of	delivery,	we	are	required	to	account	for	these	as	operating	leases.		The	amount	of	sale	proceeds	equal	to	the	residual	value	guarantee	is
deferred	until	the	guarantee	expires	or	is	exercised.		The	remaining	sale	proceeds	are	deferred	and	recognized	on	a	straight	line	basis	over	the	stated
guarantee	period.	The	guarantee	period	expires	at	the	earlier	of	the	end	of	the	guarantee	period	or	the	pay-off	of	the	initial	loan.		We	capitalize	the	cost
of	these	vehicles	to	leased	vehicles	on	our	Consolidated	Balance	Sheets	and	depreciate	their	value,	less	salvage	value,	to	cost	of	automotive	revenue
over	the	same	period.
In	cases	when	customer	retains	ownership	of	the	vehicle	at	the	end	of	the	guarantee	period,	the	resale	value	guarantee	liability	and	any
remaining	deferred	revenue	balances	related	to	the	vehicle	are	settled	to	automotive	revenue	and	the	net	book	value	of	the	leased	vehicle	is	expensed
to	costs	of	automotive	revenue.		In	cases	when	customers	return	the	vehicle	back	to	us	during	the	guarantee	period,	we	purchase	the	vehicle	from	the
customer	at	an	amount	equal	to	the	resale	value	guarantee	and	settle	any	remaining	deferred	balances	to	automotive	revenue	and	we	reclassify	the	net
book	value	of	the	vehicle	on	our	balance	sheet	to	pre-owned	vehicle	inventory.		As	of	December	31,	2015,	$136.8	million	of	guarantees	are	exercisable
by	customers	within	the	next	twelve	months.
Vehicle	sales	to	leasing	partners	with	a	residual	value	guarantee
In	the	fourth	quarter	of	2014,	we	also	began	offering	residual	value	guarantees	in	connection	with	automobile	sales	to	certain	bank	leasing
partners.		As	we	have	guaranteed	the	value	of	these	vehicles	and	as	the	vehicles	are	leased	to	end-customers,	we	account	for	these	transactions	as
interest	bearing	collateralized	borrowings	as	required	under	
ASC	840	-	Leases
.		Under	this	program,	cash	is	received	for	the	full	price	of	the	vehicle	and
is	recorded	within	resale	value	guarantee	for	the	long-term	portion	and	deferred	revenue	for	the	current	portion.		We	accrete	the	deferred	revenue
amount	to	automotive	revenue	on	a	straight	line	basis	over	the	guarantee	period	and	accrue	interest	expense	based	on	our	borrowing	rate.		We
capitalize	vehicles	under	this	program	to	leased	vehicles	on	our	Consolidated	Balance	Sheets	and	record	depreciation	from	these	vehicles	to	cost	of
automotive	revenues	during	the	period	the	vehicle	is	under	a	lease	arrangement.		Cash	received	for	these	vehicles,	net	of	revenue	recognized	during
the	period,	is	classified	as	collateralized	lease	borrowings	within	cash	flows	from	financing	activities	in	our	Consolidated	Statements	of	Cash	Flows.
At	the	end	of	the	lease	term,	we	settle	our	liability	in	cash	by	either	purchasing	the	vehicle	from	the	leasing	partner	for	the	residual	value
guarantee	amount,	or	paying	a	shortfall	to	the	guarantee	amount	the	leasing	partner	may	realize	on	the	sale	of	the	vehicle.		Any	remaining	balances
within	deferred	revenue	and	resale	value	guarantee	will	be	settled	to	automotive	revenue.		In	cases	where	the	bank	retains	ownership	of	the	vehicle
after	the	end	of	our	guarantee	period,	we	expense	the	net	value	of	the	leased	vehicle	to	costs	of	automotive	revenue.		The	maximum	cash	we	could	be
required	to	pay	under	this	program,	assuming	we	repurchase	of	all	vehicles	under	this	program	is	$348.2	million	at	December	31,	2015.
As	of	December	31,	2015	and	December	31,	2014,	we	had	$527.5	million	and	$16.7	million	of	such	borrowings	recorded	in	the	resale	value
guarantee	liability	and	$120.5	million	and	$3.9	million	recorded	in	deferred	revenue	liability.
At	least	annually,	we	assess	the	estimated	market	values	of	vehicles	under	our	resale	value	guarantee	program	to	determine	if	we	have	sustained
a	loss	on	any	of	these	contracts.	As	we	accumulate	more	data	related	to	the	resale	values	of	our	vehicles	or	as	market	conditions	change,	there	may	be
significant	changes	to	their	estimated	values.
Direct	Vehicle	Leasing	Program
We	offer	a	vehicle	leasing	program	in	certain	locations	in	the	United	States,	Canada	and	Germany.		Qualifying	customers	are	permitted	to	lease	a
vehicle	directly	from	Tesla	for	36	or	48	months.		At	the	end	of	the	lease	term,	customers	have	the	option	of	either	returning	the	vehicle	to	us	or
purchasing	if	for	a	pre-determined	residual	value.		We	account	for	these	leasing	transactions	as	operating	leases	and	recognize	leasing	revenues	over
the	contractual	term	and	record	the	depreciation	of	these	vehicles	to	cost	of	automotive	revenues.	As	of	December	31,	2015	and	December	31,	2014,	we
had	deferred	$25.8	million	and	$9.4	million	of	lease-related	upfront	payments	which	will	be	recognized	on	a	straight-line	basis	over	the	contractual	term
of	the	individual	leases.	Lease	revenues	are	recorded	in	automotive	revenue	and	for	the	year	ended	December	31,	2015	and	December	31,	2014,	we
recognized	$41.2	million	and	$4.4	million
Maintenance	and	Service	Plans
We	offer	a	prepaid	maintenance	program	for	our	vehicles,	which	includes	plans	covering	maintenance	for	up	to	eight	years	or	up	to	100,000
miles,	provided	these	services	are	purchased	within	a	specified	period	of	time.	The	maintenance	plans	cover	annual	inspections	and	the	replacement	of
wear	and	tear	parts,	excluding	tires	and	the	battery.	Payments	collected	in	advance	of	the	performance	of	service	are	initially	recorded	in	deferred
revenues	on	the	consolidated	balance	sheets	and	recognized	in	automotive	sales	as	we	fulfill	our	performance	obligations.
35We	also	offer	an	extended	service	plan,	which	covers	the	repair	or	replacement	of	vehicle	parts	for	an	additional	four	years	or	up	to	an	additional
50,000	miles,	after	the	end	of	our	initial	New	Vehicl
e	Limited	Warranty,	provided	they	are	purchased	within	a	specified	period	of	time.	Payments
collected	in	advance	of	the	performance	of	service	are	initially	recorded	in	deferred	revenues	on	the	consolidated	balance	sheets	and	recognized	in
automotive	sales
	ratably	over	the	service	coverage	periods.
Inventory	Valuation
Inventories	are	stated	at	the	lower	of	cost	or	market.	Cost	is	computed	using	standard	cost,	which	approximates	actual	cost	on	a	first-in,	first-out
basis.	We	record	inventory	write-downs	for	excess	or	obsolete	inventories	based	upon	assumptions	about	on	current	and	future	demand	forecasts.	If	our
inventory	on	hand	is	in	excess	of	our	future	demand	forecast,	the	excess	amounts	are	written	off.
We	also	review	inventory	to	determine	whether	its	carrying	value	exceeds	the	net	amount	realizable	upon	the	ultimate	sale	of	the	inventory.	This
requires	us	to	determine	the	estimated	selling	price	of	our	vehicles	less	the	estimated	cost	to	convert	inventory	on	hand	into	a	finished	product.	Once
inventory	is	written-down,	a	new,	lower-cost	basis	for	that	inventory	is	established	and	subsequent	changes	in	facts	and	circumstances	do	not	result	in
the	restoration	or	increase	in	that	newly	established	cost	basis.
Should	our	estimates	of	future	selling	prices	or	production	costs	change,	additional	and	potentially	material	increases	to	this	reserve	may	be
required.	A	small	change	in	our	estimates	may	result	in	a	material	charge	to	our	reported	financial	results.
Warranties
We	provide	a	manufacturer’s	warranty	on	all	vehicles,	production	powertrain	components	and	systems,	and	Tesla	Energy	products	we	sell.		At
the	time	of	delivery,	we	accrue	for	a	manufacturer’s	warranty	which	includes	our	best	estimate	of	the	projected	costs	to	repair	or	to	replace	items	under
warranty.	These	estimates	are	based	on	actual	claims	incurred	to-date	and	an	estimate	of	the	nature,	frequency	and	costs	of	future	claims.
These	estimates	are	inherently	uncertain	and	changes	to	our	historical	or	projected	warranty	experience	may	cause	material	changes	to	our
warranty	reserve	in	the	future.	The	portion	of	the	warranty	provision	expected	to	be	incurred	within	12	months	is	classified	as	a	current	liability.
Our	warranty	reserves	do	not	include	projected	warranty	costs	associated	with	our	vehicles	accounted	for	as	operating	leases	or	collateralized
debt	arrangements.	Costs	to	repair	these	vehicles	are	expensed	as	incurred.	Warranty	expense	is	recorded	as	a	component	of	cost	of	automotive
revenue.
Stock-Based	Compensation
We	use	the	fair	value	method	of	accounting	for	our	stock	options	and	restricted	stock	units	(RSUs)	granted	to	employees	and	our	Employee	Stock
Purchase	Plan	(ESPP)	to	measure	the	cost	of	employee	services	received	in	exchange	for	the	stock-based	awards.	The	fair	value	of	stock	options	and
ESPP	are	estimated	on	the	grant	date	and	offering	date	using	the	Black-Scholes	option-pricing	model.	The	fair	value	of	RSUs	is	measured	on	the	grant
date	based	on	the	closing	fair	market	value	of	our	common	stock.	The	resulting	cost	is	recognized	over	the	period	during	which	an	employee	is	required
to	provide	service	in	exchange	for	the	awards,	usually	the	vesting	period	which	is	generally	four	years	for	stock	options	and	RSUs	and	six	months	for
the	ESPP.	Stock-based	compensation	expense	is	recognized	on	a	straight-line	basis,	net	of	estimated	forfeitures.
The	Black-Scholes	option-pricing	model	requires	inputs	such	as	the	risk-free	interest	rate,	expected	term	and	expected	volatility.	Further,	the
forfeiture	rate	also	affects	the	amount	of	aggregate	compensation.	These	inputs	are	subjective	and	generally	require	significant	judgment.
We	estimate	our	forfeiture	rate	based	on	an	analysis	of	our	actual	forfeiture	experience	and	will	continue	to	evaluate	the	appropriateness	of	the
forfeiture	rate	based	on	actual	forfeiture	experience,	analysis	of	employee	turnover	behavior	and	other	factors.	Quarterly	changes	in	the	estimated
forfeiture	rate	can	have	a	significant	effect	on	reported	stock-based	compensation	expense,	as	the	cumulative	effect	of	adjusting	the	rate	for	all	expense
amortization	is	recognized	in	the	period	the	forfeiture	estimate	is	changed.	If	a	revised	forfeiture	rate	is	higher	than	the	previously	estimated	forfeiture
rate,	an	adjustment	is	made	that	will	result	in	a	decrease	to	the	stock-based	compensation	expense	recognized	in	the	consolidated	financial	statements.
If	a	revised	forfeiture	rate	is	lower	than	the	previously	estimated	forfeiture	rate,	an	adjustment	is	made	that	will	result	in	an	increase	to	the	stock-based
compensation	expense	recognized	in	the	consolidated	financial	statements.
As	we	accumulate	additional	employee	stock-based	awards	data	over	time	and	as	we	incorporate	market	data	related	to	our	common	stock,	we
may	calculate	significantly	different	volatilities,	expected	lives	and	forfeiture	rates,	which	could	materially	impact	the	valuation	of	our	stock-based
awards	and	the	stock-based	compensation	expense	that	we	will	recognize	in	future	periods.	Stock-based	compensation	expense	is	recorded	in	our	cost
of	revenues,	research	and	development	expenses,	and	selling,	general	and	administrative	expenses.
36In	August	2012,	our	Board	of	Directors	granted	5,27
4,901	stock	options	to	our	CEO	(2012	CEO	Grant).		The	2012	CEO	Grant	consists	of	ten
vesting	tranches	with	a	vesting	schedule	based	entirely	on	the	attainment	of	both	performance	conditions	and	market	conditions,	assuming	continued
employment	and	service	t
o	us	through	each	vesting	date.
Each	of	the	vesting	tranches	requires	a	combination	of	one	of	the	ten	pre-determined	performance	milestones	outlined	below	and	an	incremental
increase	in	our	market	capitalization	of	$4.0	billion,	as	compared	to	the	initial	market	capitalization	of	$3.2	billion	measured	at	the	time	of	the	2012
CEO	Grant.
	
·
Successful	completion	of	the	Model	X	Alpha	Prototype;
	
·
Successful	completion	of	the	Model	X	Beta	Prototype;
	
·
Completion	of	the	first	Model	X	Production	Vehicle;
	
·
Successful	completion	of	the	Model	3	Alpha	Prototype;
	
·
Successful	completion	of	the	Model	3	Beta	Prototype;
	
·
Completion	of	the	first	Model	3	Production	Vehicle;
	
·
Gross	margin	of	30%	or	more	for	four	consecutive	quarters;
	
·
Aggregate	vehicle	production	of	100,000	vehicles;
	
·
Aggregate	vehicle	production	of	200,000	vehicles;	and
	
·
Aggregate	vehicle	production	of	300,000	vehicles.
The	term	of	the	2012	CEO	Grant	is	ten	years,	so	any	tranches	that	remain	unvested	at	the	expiration	of	the	2012	CEO	Grant	will	be	forfeited.		In
addition,	unvested	options	will	be	forfeited	if	our	CEO	is	no	longer	in	that	role,	whether	for	cause	or	otherwise.
We	measured	the	fair	value	of	the	2012	CEO	Grant	using	a	Monte	Carlo	simulation	approach	with	the	following	assumptions:	risk-free	interest
rate	of	1.65%,	expected	term	of	ten	years,	expected	volatility	of	55%	and	dividend	yield	of	0%.
Stock-based	compensation	expense	associated	with	the	2012	CEO	Grant	is	recognized	for	each	pair	of	performance	and	market	conditions	over
the	longer	of	the	expected	achievement	period	of	the	performance	and	market	conditions,	beginning	at	the	point	in	time	that	the	relevant	performance
condition	is	considered	probable	of	being	met.
As	of	December	31,	2015,	the	market	conditions	for	seven	vesting	tranches	and	the	following	performance	milestones	were	achieved	and
approved	by	our	Board	of	Directors,	and	therefore	four	of	ten	tranches	of	the	2012	CEO	Grant	were	vested	as	of	such	date:
	
·
Successful	completion	of	the	Model	X	Alpha	Prototype
	
·
Successful	completion	of	the	Model	X	Beta	Prototype;	and
	
·
Completion	of	the	first	Model	X	Production	Vehicle
	
·
Aggregate	vehicle	production	of	100,000	vehicles
As	of	December	31,	2015	the	following	two	performance	milestones	were	considered	probable	of	achievement:
	
·
Successful	completion	of	the	Model	3	Alpha	Prototype;	and
	
·
Successful	completion	of	the	Model	3	Beta	Prototype
As	the	above	three	performance	milestones	were	considered	probable	of	achievement,	we	recorded	stock-based	compensation	expense	of	$10.6
million,	$25.0	million	and	$14.5	million	for	the	years	ended	December	31,	2015,	2014	and	2013.
Additionally,	no	cash	compensation	has	ever	been	received	by	our	CEO	for	his	services	to	the	Company.
Income	Taxes
We	are	subject	to	federal	and	state	taxes	in	the	United	States	in	many	foreign	jurisdictions.	Significant	judgment	is	required	in	determining	our
provision	for	income	taxes,	our	deferred	tax	assets	and	liabilities	and	any	valuation	allowance	recorded	against	our	net	deferred	tax	assets.	We	make
these	estimates	and	judgments	about	our	future	taxable	income	that	are	based	on	assumptions	that	are	consistent	with	our	future	plans.	Tax	laws,
regulations,	and	administrative	practices	may	be	subject	to	change	due	to	economic	or	political	conditions	including	fundamental	changes	to	the	tax
laws	applicable	to	corporate	multinationals.	The	U.S.,	many	countries	in	the	European	Union,	and	a	number	of	other	countries	are	actively	considering
changes	in	this	regard.	As	of	December	31,	2015,	we	had	recorded	a	full	valuation	allowance	on	our	net	U.S.	deferred	tax	assets	because	we	expect	that
it	is	more	likely	than	not	that	our	U.S.	deferred	tax	assets	will	not	be	realized	in	the	foreseeable	future.	Should	the	actual	amounts	differ	from	our
estimates,	the	amount	of	our	valuation	allowance	could	be	materially	impacted.
37Furthermore,	significant	judgment	is	required	in	evaluating	our	tax	positions.	In	the	ordinary	course	of	business,	there	are	many	transactions
and	calculations	for	which	the	ultimate	tax	settlement	is	uncertain.	As	a	result,	we	recognize	th
e	effect	of	this	uncertainty	on	our	tax	attributes	based	on
our	estimates	of	the	eventual	outcome.	These	effects	are	recognized	when,	despite	our	belief	that	our	tax	return	positions	are	supportable,	we	believe
that	it	is	more	likely	than	not	that	those	po
sitions	may	not	be	fully	sustained	upon	review	by	tax	authorities.	We	are	required	to	file	income	tax	returns
in	the	United	States	and	various	foreign	jurisdictions,	which	requires	us	to	interpret	the	applicable	tax	laws	and	regulations	in	effect	in	such
j
urisdictions.	Such	returns	are	subject	to	audit	by	the	various	federal,	state	and	foreign	taxing	authorities,	who	may	disagree	with	respect	to	our	tax
positions.	We	believe	that	our	consideration	is	adequate	for	all	open	audit	years	based	on	our	assessment
	of	many	factors,	including	past	experience	and
interpretations	of	tax	law.	We	review	and	update	our	estimates	in	light	of	changing	facts	and	circumstances,	such	as	the	closing	of	a	tax	audit,	the	lapse
of	a	statute	of	limitations	or	a	change	in	estimate.	
To	the	extent	that	the	final	tax	outcome	of	these	matters	differs	from	our	expectations,	such
differences	may	impact	income	tax	expense	in	the	period	in	which	such	determination	is	made.	The	eventual	impact	on	our	income	tax	expense	depends
in	part	if	we	s
till	have	a	valuation	allowance	recorded	against	our	deferred	tax	assets	in	the	period	that	such	determination	is	made.
	
	
Results	of	Operations
Revenues
Automotive	revenue	includes	revenues	related	to	deliveries	of	new	Model	S	and	Model	X	vehicles,	including	internet	connectivity,	Supercharging
access,	and	over	the	air	software	updates,	as	well	as	sales	of	regulatory	credits	to	other	automotive	manufacturers,	amortization	of	revenue	for	cars	sold
with	resale	value	guarantees,	and	vehicle	leasing	revenue.
Services	and	other	revenue	consists	of	repair	and	maintenance	services,	service	plans	and	merchandise,	sales	of	pre-owned	Tesla	vehicles,	sales
of	electric	vehicle	powertrain	components	and	systems	to	other	manufacturers,	Tesla	Energy	products,	and	net	sales	of	non-Tesla	vehicle	trade-ins.
Automotive	revenue	during	the	years	ended	December	31,	2015,	2014,	and	2013	were	$3.74	billion,	$3.00	billion,	and	$1.92	billion.	The	increase
was	primarily	driven	by	the	ramp	in	vehicle	deliveries.	For	the	years	ended	December	31,	2015,	2014,	and	2013	automotive	revenue	includes	$309.4
million,	$132.6	million	and	$33.5	million	from	the	accretion	of	the	deferred	revenues	from	our	resale	value	guarantee	and	other	similar	programs,	as
well	as	Tesla	leasing.
Service	and	other	revenue	during	the	years	ended	December	31,	2015,	2014,	and	2013	were	$305.0	million,	$191.3	million,	and	$91.6	million,
related	primarily	to	increases	in	pre-owned	vehicle	sales	and	maintenance	service	revenue	in	all	years,	and	increased	powertrain	sales	in	2014	as
compared	to	2013.
Cost	of	Revenues	and	Gross	Profit
Cost	of	automotive	revenues	includes	direct	parts,	material	and	labor	costs,	manufacturing	overhead,	including	amortized	tooling	costs,	shipping
and	logistic	costs,	vehicle	internet	connectivity	costs,	allocations	of	electricity	and	infrastructure	costs	related	to	our	Supercharger	network,	and
reserves	for	estimated	warranty	expenses.	Cost	of	revenues	also	includes	adjustments	to	warranty	expense	and	charges	to	write	down	the	carrying
value	of	our	inventory	when	it	exceeds	its	estimated	net	realizable	value	and	to	provide	for	on-hand	inventory	that	is	either	obsolete	or	is	in	excess	of
forecasted	demand.
Cost	of	automotive	revenues	for	the	year	ended	December	31,	2015,	2014,	and	2013	were	$2.82	billion,	$2.15	billion,	and	$1.48	billion.	The
increase	in	cost	of	automotive	revenues	was	driven	primarily	by	increased	Model	S	deliveries.	For	the	years	ended	December	31,	2015,	2014,	and	2013,
we	recognized	$172.4	million,	$84.5,	and	$21.1	million	in	cost	of	automotive	revenues	related	to	cars	accounted	for	as	operating	leases.
Cost	of	services	and	other	revenue	includes	direct	parts,	material	and	labor	costs	for	repair	and	maintenance	services,	allocations	of	service
center	overhead	costs,	pre-owned	Tesla	vehicle	sales,	sales	of	our	powertrain	components,	and	costs	related	to	the	production	and	sale	of	Tesla	Energy
products.	For	the	years	ended	December	31,	2015,	2014,	and	2013	costs	of	services	and	other	revenue	were	$299.2	million,	$170.9	million,	and	$73.9
million.	The	increase	in	cost	of	services	and	other	revenues	was	driven	primarily	by	greater	pre-owned	vehicle	sales	and	increased	maintenance	and
repair	services	in	all	years,	and	increased	powertrain	sales	to	Daimler	in	2014	as	compared	to	2013.
38Gross	profit	for	the	years	ended	December	31,	2015,	2014,	and	2013	were	$923.5	million,	$881.7	million	and	$456.3	million	Gross	ma
rgin	for	the
years	ended	December	31,	2015,	2014,	and	2013	were	22.8%,	27.6%,	and	22.7%.	The	lower	margin	
in	2015	as	compared	to	2014	
was	primarily	due	to
product	and	regional	mix	shift,	as	a	greater	percentage	of	sales	were	derived	from	vehicle	models	wit
h	lower	average	selling	prices,	and	increased
manufacturing	costs	related	to	the	ramp	in	production	of	the	small	drive	unit	for	dual	motor	Model	S	vehicles
	and	start	of	Model	X	production
,	obsolete
inventory	and	lower	ZEV	credits	revenue.	This	margin	decre
ase	was	partially	offset	by	an	increasing	amount	of	revenues	from	vehicles	accounted	for	as
leases	including	direct	lease	vehicles	and	those	under	our	resale	value	guarantee	programs	which	have	a	significantly	higher	gross	margin	and	from
material	cost	sav
ings.	Services	and	other	gross	margin	
were
	also	down	year	over	year,	primarily	driven	by	a	planned	price	reduction	for	powertrain
sales	to	Daimler.		The	increase	in	gross	profit	from	2013	to	2014	was	primarily	due	to	manufacturing	and	supply	chain	efficien
cies	as	well	as	component
cost	reductions	and	higher	regulatory	credit	sales,	partially	offset	by	manufacturing	inefficiencies	associated	with	transitioning	to	our	new	final
assembly	line	and	launch	of	All-Wheel	Drive	Dual	Motor	Model	S.
Research	and	Development	Expenses
Research	and	development	(R&D)	expenses	consist	primarily	of	personnel	costs	for	our	teams	in	engineering	and	research,	supply	chain,	quality,
manufacturing	engineering	and	manufacturing	test	organizations,	prototyping	expense,	contract	and	professional	services	and	amortized	equipment
expense.
R&D	expenses	for	the	year	ended	December	31,	2015	were	$717.9	million,	an	increase	from	$464.7	million	for	the	year	ended	December	31,
2014.	The	increase	in	R&D	expenses	consisted	primarily	of	a	$93.9	million	increase	in	expensed	materials	primarily	to	support	our	Model	X
development	and	Model	S	improvements,	a	$75.9	million	increase	in	employee	compensation	expenses,	a	$30.6	million	increase	in	facilities	and
depreciation	costs,	
a	$20.1	million	increase	in	costs	related	to	Model	X,	Autopilot	and	dual	motor	powertrain	engineering,	design	and	testing	activities
and	a	$22.8	million	increase	in	stock-based	compensation	expense	related	to	increased	headcount	and	increasing	values	of	awards	granted.
R&D	expenses	for	the	year	ended	December	31,	2014	were	$464.7	million,	an	increase	from	$232.0	million	for	the	year	ended	December	31,
2013.	The	increase	in	R&D	expenses	consisted	primarily	of	an	$85.3	million	increase	in	employee	compensation	expenses,	a	$60.7	million	increase	in
expensed	materials	primarily	to	support	our	Model	X,	dual	motor	powertrain	and	right-hand	drive	Model	S	development,	a	$50.9	million	increase	in
costs	related	to	Model	X,	dual	motor	powertrain	and	right-hand	drive	Model	S	engineering,	design	and	testing	activities,	a	$28.1	million	increase	in
stock-based	compensation	expense	related	to	increased	headcount	and	increasing	values	of	awards	granted,	a	$4.1	million	increase	in	office,
information	technology	and	facilities-related	costs	and	a	$3.3	million	increase	in	shipping	charges	for	Model	X,	dual	motor	powertrain	and	right-hand
drive	Model	S	development.
Selling,	General	and	Administrative	Expenses
Selling,	general	and	administrative	(SG&A)	expenses	consist	primarily	of	personnel	and	facilities	costs	related	to	our	Tesla	retail	and	service
stores,	marketing,	sales,	executive,	finance,	human	resources,	information	technology	and	legal	organizations,	settlements	and	fees	for	professional	and
contract	services	supporting	these	functions.
SG&A	expenses	for	the	year	ended	December	31,	2015	were	$922.2	million,	an	increase	from	$603.7	million	for	the	year	ended	December	31,
2014.	SG&A	expenses	increased	primarily	from	higher	headcount	and	facility	costs,	including	stock	based	compensation,	to	support	an	expanded	retail,
service	and	Supercharger	footprint	as	well	as	the	general	growth	of	the	business.	The	increase	in	our	SG&A	expenses	consisted	primarily	of	a	$138.4
million	increase	in	employee	compensation	expenses	related	to	higher	sales,	service	and	marketing	headcount	to	support	sales	activities	worldwide	and
higher	general	and	administrative	headcount	to	support	the	expansion	of	the	business,	$126.1	million	increase	in	office,	information	technology	and
facilities-related	costs	to	support	the	growth	of	our	business	as	well	as	sales	and	marketing	activities	to	handle	our	expanding	market	presence,	a	$41.8
million	increase	in	professional	and	outside	services	costs,	and	a	$12.2	million	increase	in	stock	based	compensation.
SG&A	expenses	for	the	year	ended	December	31,	2014	were	$603.7	million,	an	increase	from	$285.6	million	for	the	year	ended	December	31,
2013.	SG&A	expenses	increased	primarily	from	higher	headcount	and	facility	costs	to	support	an	expanded	retail,	service	and	Supercharger	footprint	as
well	as	the	general	growth	of	the	business.	The	$318.1	million	increase	in	our	SG&A	expenses	consisted	primarily	of	a	$141.1	million	increase	in
employee	compensation	expenses	related	to	higher	sales,	service	and	marketing	headcount	to	support	sales	activities	worldwide	and	higher	general	and
administrative	headcount	to	support	the	expansion	of	the	business,	a	$135.9	million	increase	in	office,	information	technology	and	facilities-related
costs	to	support	the	growth	of	our	business	as	well	as	sales	and	marketing	activities	to	handle	our	expanding	market	presence,	a	$35.8	million	increase
in	stock-based	compensation	expense	related	to	additional	headcount	and		increasing	value	of	awards	granted	and	a	$27.2	million	increase	in
professional	and	outside	services	costs.
Interest	Expense
Interest	expense	for	the	years	ended	December	31,	2015,	2014,	and	2013	was	$118.9	million,	$100.9	million,	and	$32.9	million.	The	increase	in
interest	expense	is	primarily	due	to	the	issuance	of	$920.0	million	aggregate	principal	amount	of	2019	Notes	and	$1.38	billion	aggregate	principal
amount	of	2021	Notes	during	the	first	half	of	2014.
39Other	Income	(Expense),	Net
Other	income	(expense),	net,	consists	primarily	of	foreign	exchange	gains	and	losses	related	to	our	foreign	currency-denominated	monetary
assets	and	liabilities	and	the	change	in	the	fair	value	of	our	DOE	common	stock	warrant	liability.	Our	foreign	exchange	gains	and	losses	will	vary
depending	upon	movements	in	the	underlying	foreign	currency	exchange	rates.	Prior	to	the	expiration	of	the	DOE	warrant	in	May	2013,	the	DOE
warrant	had	been	carried	at	its	estimated	fair	value	with	changes	in	its	fair	value	reflected	in	other	income	(expense),	net.
Other	income	(expense),	net,	for	the	years	ended	December	31,	2015,	2014,	and	2013	was	($41.7)	million,	$1.8	million	and	$22.6	million.
Fluctuations	in	other	income	(expense)	from	2014	to	2015	are	primarily	the	result	of	gains	(losses)	from	foreign	currency	exchange	of	($45.6)	million
and	$2.0	million	for	the	years	ended	December	31,	2015	and	2014.	Foreign	currency	losses	during	2015	related	primarily
	
to	changes	in	the	exchange
rates	of	euro,	Norwegian	krone,	Canadian	dollars,	and	Chinese	yuan.	Other	income,	net	of	$22.6	million	in	2013	was	primarily	due	to	the	reduction	in
fair	value	of	our	DOE	common	stock	warrant	liability	of	$10.7	million	during	the	year.
	
Other	income,	net,	also	includes	the	favorable	foreign	currency
exchange	impact	from	our	foreign	currency-denominated	liabilities	during	the	year	ended	December	31,	2013,	especially	related	to	the	Japanese	yen.
Provision	for	Income	Taxes
Our	provision	for	income	taxes	for	the	years	ended	December	31,	2015,	2014,	and	2013	was	$13.0	million,	$9.4	million,	and	$2.6	million.	The
increases	in	the	provision	for	income	taxes	were	due	primarily	to	the	increase	in	taxable	income	in	our	international	jurisdictions.
	
	
Liquidity	and	Capital	Resources
As	of	December	31,	2015,	we	had	$1.20	billion	in	principal	sources	of	liquidity	available	from	our	cash	and	cash	equivalents	including	$297.8
million	of	money	market	funds.	Amounts	held	in	foreign	currencies	had	a	US	dollar	equivalent	of	$535.6	million	as	of	December	31,	2015,	and	consisted
primarily	of	euro,	Danish	krone,	Norwegian	krone,	Swedish	krone,	Canadian	dollars,	euro,	and	Japanese	yen.
Sources	of	cash	are	predominately	from	our	deliveries	of	vehicles,	as	well	as	customer	deposits,	sales	of	regulatory	credits,	proceeds	from
financing	activities,	Tesla	Energy	products,	and	repair	and	maintenance	services.	We	expect	that	our	current	sources	of	liquidity,	including	cash	and
cash	equivalents,	together	with	our	current	projections	of	cash	flow	from	operating	activities,	will	provide	us	with	adequate	liquidity	over	the	next	12
months	based	on	our	current	plans.	These	cash	flows	enable	us	to	fund	our	ongoing	operations,	research	and	development	projects	for	our	planned
Model	3,	and	certain	other	future	products;	purchase	tooling	and	manufacturing	equipment	required	to	continue	to	ramp	up	production	of	Model	X	and
Model	S;	construct	our	Gigafactory;	and	establish	and	expand	our	retail	stores,	service	centers	and	Supercharger	network.	We	currently	anticipate
making	aggregate	capital	expenditures	of	about	$1.5	billion	in	2016.
In	2015,	we	entered	into	a	senior	secured	asset-based	revolving	credit	agreement	with	a	syndicate	of	banks	under	which	we	currently	have	total
commitments	of	up	to	$1	billion.	The	Credit	Agreement	provides	for	a	senior	secured	asset-based	revolving	credit	facility,	which	we	may	draw	upon	as
needed,	subject	to	certain	conditions.	Borrowed	funds	bear	interest,	at	the	Company’s	option,	at	an	annual	rate	of	(a)	1%	plus	LIBOR	or	(b)	the	highest
of	(i)	the	federal	funds	rate	plus	0.50%,	(ii)	the	lenders	“prime	rate”	or	(iii)	1%	plus	LIBOR.		In	February	2016,	we	amended	the	Credit	Agreement	and
increased	the	availability	and	the	commitments	under	the	Credit	Agreement	from	$750.0	million	to	$1.0	billion.	As	of	December	31,	2015,	borrowings
under	the	Credit	Facility	of	$135.0	million	were	used	to	repay	all	borrowings	under	and	terminate	a	secured	asset	based	line	of	credit	we	used	to
support	our	direct	leasing	program.
When	market	conditions	are	favorable,	we	may	evaluate	alternatives	to	pursue	liquidity	options	to	fund	capital	intensive	initiatives.	Should
prevailing	economic,	financial,	business	or	other	factors	adversely	affect	our	ability	to	meet	our	operating	cash	requirements,	we	could	be	required	to
obtain	funding	though	traditional	or	alternative	sources	of	financing.	We	cannot	be	certain	that	additional	funds	would	be	available	to	us	on	favorable
terms	when	required,	or	at	all.
Summary	of	Cash	Flows
	
	
	
Year	Ended	December	31,
	
	
	
2015
	
	
2014
	
	
2013
	
Net	cash	provided	by	(used	in)	operating	activities
	
$
(524,499
)
	
$
(57,337
)
	
$
264,804
	
Net	cash	used	in	investing	activities
	
	
(1,673,551
)
	
	
(990,444
)
	
	
(249,417
)
Net	cash	provided	by	financing	activities
	
	
1,523,523
	
	
	
2,143,130
	
	
	
635,422
	
40Cash	Flows	from	Operating	Activities
Our	cash	flows	from	operating	activities	are	significantly	affected	by	our	cash	investments	to	support	the	growth	of	our	business	in	areas	such	as
manufacturing,	research	and	development	and	selling,	general	and	administrative.	Our	operating	cash	flows	are	also	affected	by	our	working	capital
needs	to	support	growth	and	fluctuations	in	inventory,	personnel	related	expenditures,	accounts	payable	and	other	current	assets	and	liabilities.
Our	operating	cash	inflows	include	cash	from	sales	of	our	vehicles,	customer	deposits	for	Model	S	and	Model	X,	sales	of	regulatory	credits,	cash
from	the	provision	of	development	services,	and	sales	of	powertrain	components	and	systems.	These	cash	inflows	are	offset	by	payments	we	make	to	our
suppliers	for	production	materials	and	parts	used	in	our	manufacturing	process,	employee	compensation,	operating	leases	and	interest	expense	on	our
financings.
Cash	provided	by	(used	in)	operating	activities	was	($524.5)	million,	($57.3)	million	and	$264.8	in	2015,	2014	and	2013.	The	decrease	in
operating	cash	flows	in	2015	as	compared	to	2014	was	due	to	an	increase	in	overall	inventory	to	support	growth,	and	increase	in	operating	lease
vehicles,	partially	offset	by	proceeds	from	sales,	and	higher	operating	expenses	in	R&D	and	SG&A.
The	decrease	in	operating	cash	flows	in	2014	as	compared	to	2013	was	due	to	an	increase	in	finished	goods	inventory	primarily	due	to	cars
whose	delivery	slipped	from	Q4	of	2014	to	the	following	year,	an	increase	in	raw	material	inventory	balances	at	year	end	necessary	to	meet	our	planned
production	requirements	for	Model	S	in	Q1	of	the	following	year,	higher	operating	expenses	in	R&D	and	SG&A,	and	use	of	cash	for	vehicles	directly
leased	by	us,	partially	offset	by	increased	cash	receipts	from	customer	payments	on	vehicle	sales,	including	an	increase	in	customer	deposits.
Customer	Deposits
We	collect	deposits	from	customers	at	the	time	they	place	an	order	for	a	vehicle	and,	in	some	locations,	at	certain	additional	milestones	up	to	the
point	of	delivery.	Customer	deposit	amounts	and	timing	vary	depending	on	the	vehicle	model	and	country	of	delivery.	Customer	deposits	are	fully
refundable	up	to	the	point	the	vehicle	is	placed	into	the	production	cycle.	Amounts	are	included	in	current	liabilities	until	refunded	or	until	they	are
applied	to	a	customer’s	purchase	balance	at	time	of	delivery.	As	of	December	31,	2015,	we	held	$283.4	million	in	customer	deposits.
Cash	Flows	from	Investing	Activities
Cash	flows	from	investing	activities	primarily	relate	to	capital	expenditures	to	support	our	growth	in	operations,	including	investments	in	Model
S	manufacturing	equipment	and	tooling	and	our	stores,	service	centers	and	Supercharger	network	infrastructure.		Cash	used	in	investing	activities	was
$1.67	billion,	$990.4	million	and	$249.4	million	in	2015,	2014	and	2013.	Cash	flows	from	investing	activities	and	variability	between	each	year	related
primarily	to	capital	expenditures,	which	were	$1.63	billion,	$969.9	million,	and	$264.2	million	in	2015,	2014,	and	2013.	Expenditures	in	all	years
consisted	primarily	of	purchases	of	capital	equipment,	tooling,	and	facilities	to	support	our	Model	S	and	Model	X	manufacturing.
In	2014,	we	began	construction	of	our	Gigafactory	facility	in	Nevada.		Tesla’s	contribution	to	total	capital	expenditures	are	expected	to	be	about
$2.0	billion	over	the	next	5	years.		In	2015,	we	used	cash	of	$220.0	million	towards	the	construction	of	the	first	stage	of	this	project	and	expect	to	spend
up	to	$250	million	over	the	next	12	months.		
Cash	Flows	from	Financing	Activities
Net	cash	provided	by	financing	activities	was	$1.52	billion,	$2.14	billion	and	$635.4	million	in	2015,	2014	and	2013.	Cash	flows	from	financing
activities	during	the	twelve	months	ended	December	31,	2015	consisted	primarily	of	$738.3	million	net	proceeds	from	August	2015	public	offering	of
3,099,173	shares	of	common	stock	and	$568.7	received	from	vehicle	sales	to	our	bank	leasing	partners.	The	decrease	in	cash	provided	from	financing	in
2015	as	compared	to	2014	was	primarily	due	to	$2.1	billion	net	proceeds	received	in	2014	from	issuance	of	our	2019	and	2021	Notes.
The	increase	in	cash	provided	from	financing	in	2014	as	compared	to	2013	was	primarily	due	to	$2.1	billion	net	proceeds	from	the	issuance	of
our	2019	and	2021	Notes,	including	the	associated	hedge	and	warrant	transactions,	representing	a	$1.5	billion	increase	in	debt	financing	as	compared
to	2013.	Cash	flows	from	financing	in	2013	that	did	not	recur	in	2014	included	proceeds	of	$415.0	million	from	the	issuance	of	common	stock	in	public
and	private	offerings	and	$452.3	million	used	to	repay	our	DOE	loans.
0.25%	and	1.25%	Convertible	Senior	Notes	and	Bond	Hedge	and	Warrant	Transactions
In	2014,	we	issued	$920.0	million	principal	amount	of	0.25%	convertible	senior	notes	due	2019	(2019	Notes)	and	$1.38	billion	principal	amount
of	1.25%	convertible	senior	notes	due	2021	(2021	Notes)	in	a	public	offering.	The	total	net	proceeds	from	these	offerings,	after	deducting	transaction
costs,	were	approximately	$905.8	million	from	the	2019	Notes	and	$1.36	billion	from	the	2021	Notes.	The	interest	rates	are	fixed	at	0.25%	and	1.25%
per	annum	for	the	2019	and	2021	Notes,	and	are	payable	semi-annually	in	arrears	on	March	1	and	September	1	of	each	year,	commencing	on
September	1,	2014.
41In	connection	with	the	offering	of	these	notes	in	2014,	we	purchased	convertible	note	hedges	for	$603.4	million	in	aggregate	and	sold	warrants
for	$389.2	million	in	aggregate.	Taken	together,	the	pur
chase	of	the	convertible	note	hedges	and	the	sale	of	warrants	are	intended	to	offset	any	actual
dilution	from	the	conversion	of	the	2019	Notes	and	2021	Notes.
During	the	fourth	quarter	of	2015,	the	closing	price	of	our	common	stock	did	not	meet	or	exceed	130%	of	the	applicable	conversion	price	of	our
2019	Notes	and	2021	Notes	on	at	least	20	of	the	last	30	consecutive	trading	days	of	the	quarter;	furthermore,	no	other	conditions	allowing	holders	of
these	notes	to	convert	have	been	met	as	of	December	31,	2015.	Therefore,	the	2019	Notes	and	2021	Notes	are	not	convertible	during	the	first	quarter
of	2016	and	are	classified	as	long-term	debt.	Should	the	closing	price	conditions	be	met	in	the	first	quarter	of	2016	or	a	future	quarter,	the	2019	Notes
and/or	the	2021	Notes	will	be	convertible	at	their	holders’	option	during	the	immediately	following	quarter.
1.50%	Convertible	Senior	Notes	and	Bond	Hedge	and	Warrant	Transactions
In	May	2013,	we	issued	$660.0	million	aggregate	principal	amount	of	1.50%	convertible	senior	notes	due	2018	(the	Notes)	in	a	public	offering.
The	net	proceeds	from	the	offering,	after	deducting	transaction	costs,	were	approximately	$648.0	million.	The	interest	under	the	Notes	is	fixed	at
1.50%	per	annum	and	is	payable	semi-annually	in	arrears	on	June	1	and	December	1	of	each	year,	commencing	on	December	1,	2013.
In	connection	with	the	offering	of	the	2018	Notes,	we	purchased	convertible	note	hedges	for	$177.5	million	in	aggregate	and	sold	warrants	for
$120.3	million	in	aggregate.	Taken	together,	the	purchase	of	the	convertible	note	hedges	and	the	sale	of	warrants	are	intended	to	offset	any	actual
dilution	from	the	conversion	of	the	2018	Notes.
During	the	fourth	quarter	of	2015,	the	closing	price	of	our	common	stock	exceeded	130%	of	the	applicable	conversion	price	of	our	2018	Notes	on
at	least	20	of	the	last	30	consecutive	trading	days	of	the	quarter;	therefore,	holders	of	2018	Notes	may	convert	their	notes	during	the	first	quarter	of
2016.	As	such,	we	classified	the	$617.7	million	carrying	value	of	our	2018	Notes	as	current	liabilities	and	classified	$42.1	million,	representing	the
difference	between	the	aggregate	principal	of	our	2018	Notes	of	$659.8	million	and	the	carrying	value	of	2018	Notes,	as	mezzanine	equity	on	our
consolidated	balance	sheet	as	of	December	31,	2015.	Similarly,	debt	issuance	costs	were	classified	as	other	current	assets	as	of	December	31,	2015.
Should	the	closing	price	conditions	be	met	in	the	first	quarter	of	2016	or	a	future	quarter,	the	2018	Notes	will	be	convertible	at	their	holders’	option
during	the	immediately	following	quarter.		
For	more	information	on	the	2018	Notes,	2019	Notes,	and	2021	Notes	see	Part	II	-	Item	8	-	Financial	Statements	and	Supplementary	Data,	Note
8	-	
Convertible	Notes	and	Long-Term	Debt	Obligations
.
Common	Stock	Offering	and	Concurrent	Private	Placement
Concurrent	with	the	execution	of	the	2018	Notes	and	related	transactions	in	May	2013,	we	also	completed	a	public	offering	of	common	stock	and
sold	a	total	of	3,902,862	shares	of	our	common	stock	for	total	cash	proceeds	of	approximately	$355.1	million	(which	includes	487,857	shares	or	$45.0
million	sold	to	our	Chief	Executive	Officer	(CEO)),	net	of	underwriting	discounts	and	offering	costs.	We	also	sold	596,272	shares	of	our	common	stock	to
our	CEO	and	received	total	cash	proceeds	of	$55.0	million	in	a	private	placement	at	the	public	offering	price.
In	August	2015,	we	completed	a	public	offering	of	common	stock	and	sold	a	total	of	3,099,173	shares	of	our	common	stock	for	total	cash
proceeds	of	approximately	$738.3	million	(which	includes	82,645	shares	or	$20.0	million	sold	to	Elon	Musk,	our	Chief	Executive	Officer	(CEO)),	net	of
underwriting	discounts	and	offering	costs.
Contractual	Obligations
We	are	party	to	contractual	obligations	involving	commitments	to	make	payments	to	third	parties,	including	certain	debt	financing	arrangements
and	leases,	primarily	for	stores,	service	centers,	certain	manufacturing	and	corporate	offices.	These	also	include,	as	part	of	our	normal	business
practices,	contracts	with	suppliers	for	purchases	of	certain	raw	materials,	components,	and	services	to	facilitate	adequate	supply	of	these	materials	and
services	and	capacity	reservation	contracts.	We	have	the	following	contractual	obligations,	including	firm	purchase	obligations.	A	purchase	obligation	is
defined	as	an	agreement	to	purchase	goods	or	services	that	is	enforceable	and	legally	binding	on	us	and	that	specifies	all	significant	terms.	For
obligations	with	cancellation	provisions,	the	amounts	included	in	the	table	below	were	limited	to	the	non-cancelable	portion	of	the	agreement
terms.		The	expected	timing	of	payments	of	the	obligations	in	the	preceding	table	is	estimated	based	on	current	information.	Timing	of	payments	and
actual	amounts	paid	may	be	different,	depending	on	the	time	of	receipt	of	goods	or	services,	or	changes	to	agreed-upon	amounts	for	some	obligations.
Open	purchase	orders	are	generally	cancellable	in	full	or	in	part	at	our	discretion	and	are	therefore	not	considered	firm	purchase	obligations.
42The	following	table	sets	forth,	as	of	December	31,	2015	certain	significant	obligations	that	will	affect	our
	future	liquidity	(in	thousands):
	
	
	
Year	Ended	December	31,
	
	
	
Total
	
	
2016
	
	
2017
	
	
2018
	
	
2019
	
	
2020	and
thereafter
	
Operating	lease	obligations
	
$
570,864
	
	
$
88,629
	
	
$
86,661
	
	
$
78,531
	
	
$
69,013
	
	
$
248,030
	
Capital	lease	obligations,	including	interest
	
	
34,679
	
	
	
16,758
	
	
	
11,321
	
	
	
5,488
	
	
	
1,112
	
	
	
—
	
Purchase	obligations	
(1)(2)
	
	
549,716
	
	
	
537,719
	
	
	
11,997
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
2018	Notes,	including	interest	
(3)
	
	
684,537
	
	
	
684,537
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
2019	Notes,	including	interest
	
	
928,050
	
	
	
2,300
	
	
	
2,300
	
	
	
2,300
	
	
	
1,150
	
	
	
920,000
	
2021	Notes,	including	interest
	
	
1,474,875
	
	
	
17,250
	
	
	
17,250
	
	
	
17,250
	
	
	
17,250
	
	
	
1,405,875
	
Total
	
$
4,242,721
	
	
$
1,347,193
	
	
$
129,529
	
	
$
103,569
	
	
$
88,525
	
	
$
2,573,905
	
(1)
Amounts	do	not	include	future	cash	payments	for	purchase	obligations	which	were	recorded	in	Accounts	payable	or	Accrued	liabilities	at
December	31,	2015.
(2)
These	totals	represent	aggregate	purchase	commitments	with	all	vendors.	Some	of	the	commitments	included	are	our	agreements	with
Panasonic	Corporation,	to	the	extent	quantities	and	timing	of	such	purchases	are	fixed.	Should	we	terminate	the	Panasonic	contracts	prior	to
purchasing	certain	minimum	quantities,	we	would	owe	an	additional	$57	million	under	the	terms	of	the	agreement	as	of	December	31,	2015.
(3)
During	the	fourth	quarter	of	2015,	the	closing	price	of	our	common	stock	exceeded	130%	of	the	applicable	conversion	price	of	our	2018	Notes	on
at	least	20	of	the	last	30	consecutive	trading	days	of	the	quarter;	therefore,	holders	of	2018	Notes	may	convert	their	notes	during	the	first
quarter	of	2016.	As	such,	we	classified	the	$617.7	million	carrying	value	of	our	2018	Notes	as	current	liabilities	on	our	condensed	consolidated
balance	sheet	as	of	December	31,	2015	and	have	included	related	contractual	payments	in	the	2016	category	in	the	table	above.
Off-Balance	Sheet	Arrangements
During	the	periods	presented,	we	did	not	have	relationships	with	unconsolidated	entities	or	financial	partnerships,	such	as	entities	often	referred
to	as	structured	finance	or	special	purpose	entities,	which	would	have	been	established	for	the	purpose	of	facilitating	off-balance	sheet	arrangements	or
other	contractually	narrow	or	limited	purposes.
	
	
ITEM	7A.
QUANTITATIVE	AND	
QUALITATIVE	DISCLOSURES	ABOUT	MARKET	RISK
Foreign	Currency	Risk
We	transact	business	globally	in	multiple	currencies.	Our	international	revenues,	as	well	as	costs	and	expenses	denominated	in	foreign
currencies,	expose	us	to	the	risk	of	fluctuations	in	foreign	currency	exchange	rates	against	the	functional	currencies	of	our	foreign	subsidiaries	and
against	the	U.S.	dollar.
	
Upon	consolidation,	as	foreign	exchange	rates	vary,	revenues	and	expenses	may	be	significantly	impacted	and	we	may	record
significant	gains	or	losses	on	the	remeasurement	of	monetary	assets	and	liabilities,	including	intercompany	balances.	As	of	December	31,	2015,	our
largest	currency	exposures	are	from	the	euro,	Chinese	yuan,	Norwegian	and	Danish	krona,	Canadian	dollar,	Swiss	franc,	British	pound,	and	Japanese
yen.	We	recorded	foreign	exchange	losses	of	$45.6	million	in	other	income	(expense),	net,	for	the	year	ended	December	31,	2015	related	the	impact	of
changes	in	exchange	rates	on	foreign	currency	denominated	monetary	assets	and	liabilities.
We	considered	the	historical	trends	in	currency	exchange	rates	and	determined	that	it	was	reasonably	possible	that	adverse	changes	in	exchange
rates	of	10%	for	all	currencies	could	be	experienced	in	the	near	term.	These	reasonably	possible	adverse	changes	in	exchange	rates	of	10%	were
applied	to	total	monetary	assets	and	liabilities	denominated	in	currencies	other	than	the	local	currencies	as	of	December	31,	2015	to	compute	the
adverse	impact	these	changes	would	have	had	on	our	income	before	income	taxes	in	the	near	term.	These	changes	would	have	resulted	in	an	adverse
impact	on	income	before	income	taxes	of	approximately	$189.2	million,	recorded	to	other	income	(expense),	net,	principally	from	intercompany	and
cash	balances.
43In	November	2015,	we	implemented	a	program
	to	hedge	the	foreign	currency	exposure	risk	related	to	certain	forecasted	inventory	purchases
denominated	in	Japanese	yen.	The	derivative
	instruments	we	use	are	foreign	currency	forward	contracts	and	are	designated	as	cash	flow	hedges	with
maturity	dates	of	12	months	or	less.	We	do	not	enter	into	derivative	contracts	for	trading	or	speculative	purposes.	We	document	each	hedge
relationship	a
nd	assess	its	initial	effectiveness	at	the	inception	of	the	hedge	contract	and	we	measure	its	ongoing	effectiveness	on	a	quarterly	basis
using	regression	analysis.	During	the	term	of	an	effective	hedge	contract,	we	record	gains	and	losses	within	accumulate
d	other	comprehensive	loss.	We
reclassify	these	gains	or	losses	to	costs	of	automotive	sales	in	the	period	the	related	finished	goods	inventory	is	sold	or	over	the	depreciation	period	for
those	sales	accounted	for	as	leases.	Although	our	contracts	are	cons
idered	effective	hedges,	we	may	experience	small	amounts	of	ineffectiveness	due	to
timing	differences	between	our	actual	inventory	purchases	and	the	settlement	date	of	the	related	foreign	currency	forward	contracts.	We	have	recorded
zero	amount	of	ineffect
iveness	within	other	income	(expense),	net	in	our	Consolidated	Statements	of	Operations,	as	of	December	31,	2015.	As	o
f
December	31,	2015	we	had	recorded	a	gain	of	$7.3	million	to	AOCI	related	to	our	foreign	currency	cash	flow	hedges.	If	
t
he	U.S.	dollar	ha
d	strengthened
by	10%	as	of	
December	31,	2015,	the	amount	recorded	in	accumulated	AOCI	related
	to	our	foreign	exchange	contracts
	before	tax	ef
fect	would	have
been	a	loss	of	approximately	$21.1	million.
Interest	Rate	Risk
We	had	cash	and	cash	equivalents	totaling	$1.20	billion	as	of	December	31,	2015.	A	significant	portion	of	our	cash	and	cash	equivalents	were
invested	in	money	market	funds.	Cash	and	cash	equivalents	are	held	for	working	capital	purposes.	We	do	not	enter	into	investments	for	trading	or
speculative	purposes.	We	believe	that	we	do	not	have	any	material	exposure	to	changes	in	the	fair	value	as	a	result	of	changes	in	interest	rates	due	to
the	short	term	nature	of	our	cash	equivalents.
As	of	December	31,	2015,	we	had	$2.96	billion	aggregate	principal	amount	of	convertible	senior	notes	outstanding,	which	are	fixed	rate
instruments.	Therefore,	our	results	of	operations	are	not	subject	to	fluctuations	in	interest	rates.	However,	the	fair	value	of	our	debt	will	fluctuate	with
movements	of	interest	rates,	increasing	in	periods	of	declining	rates	of	interest	and	declining	in	periods	of	increasing	rates	of	interest.	Based	upon
quoted	market	prices	and	Level	2	inputs,	the	fair	value	of	our	total	debt	was	$3.4	billion	as	of	December	31,	2015.
	
	
	
44I
TEM	8.
FINANCIAL	STATEMENTS	AND	SUPPLEMENTARY	DATA
Index	to	Consolidated	Financial	Statements
	
	
		
Page
Report	of	Independent	Registered	Public	Accounting	Firm
		
46
Consolidated	Balance	Sheets
		
47
Consolidated	Statements	of	Operations
		
48
Consolidated	Statements	of	Comprehensive	Loss
		
49
Consolidated	Statements	of	Stockholders’	Equity
		
50
Consolidated	Statements	of	Cash	Flows
		
51
Notes	to	Consolidated	Financial	Statements
		
52
	
	
	
45R
eport	of	Independent	Registered	Public	Accounting	Firm
To	the	Board	of	Directors	and	Stockholders	of	Tesla	Motors,	Inc.
In	our	opinion,	the	accompanying	consolidated	balance	sheets	and	the	related	consolidated	statements	of	operations,	of	comprehensive	loss,	of
stockholders’	equity	and	of	cash	flows	present	fairly,	in	all	material	respects,	the	financial	position	of	Tesla	Motors,	Inc.	and	its	subsidiaries	at
December	31,	2015	and	December	31,	2014,	and	the	results	of	their	operations	and		their	cash	flows	for	each	of	the	three	years	in	the	period	ended
December	31,	2015	in	conformity	with	accounting	principles	generally	accepted	in	the	United	States	of	America.	Also	in	our	opinion,	the	Company
maintained,	in	all	material	respects,	effective	internal	control	over	financial	reporting	as	of	December	31,	2015,	based	on	criteria	established	in	Internal
Control	-	Integrated	Framework	(2013)	issued	by	the	Committee	of	Sponsoring	Organizations	of	the	Treadway	Commission	(COSO).		The	Company's
management	is	responsible	for	these	financial	statements,	for	maintaining	effective	internal	control	over	financial	reporting	and	for	its	assessment	of
the	effectiveness	of	internal	control	over	financial	reporting,	included	in	Management's	Report	on	Internal	Control	over	Financial	Reporting	appearing
under	Item	9A.		Our	responsibility	is	to	express	opinions	on	these	financial	statements	and	on	the	Company's	internal	control	over	financial	reporting
based	on	our	integrated	audits.		We	conducted	our	audits	in	accordance	with	the	standards	of	the	Public	Company	Accounting	Oversight	Board	(United
States).		Those	standards	require	that	we	plan	and	perform	the	audits	to	obtain	reasonable	assurance	about	whether	the	financial	statements	are	free	of
material	misstatement	and	whether	effective	internal	control	over	financial	reporting	was	maintained	in	all	material	respects.		Our	audits	of	the
financial	statements	included	examining,	on	a	test	basis,	evidence	supporting	the	amounts	and	disclosures	in	the	financial	statements,	assessing	the
accounting	principles	used	and	significant	estimates	made	by	management,	and	evaluating	the	overall	financial	statement	presentation.		Our	audit	of
internal	control	over	financial	reporting	included	obtaining	an	understanding	of	internal	control	over	financial	reporting,	assessing	the	risk	that	a
material	weakness	exists,	and	testing	and	evaluating	the	design	and	operating	effectiveness	of	internal	control	based	on	the	assessed	risk.		Our	audits
also	included	performing	such	other	procedures	as	we	considered	necessary	in	the	circumstances.	We	believe	that	our	audits	provide	a	reasonable	basis
for	our	opinions.
A	company’s	internal	control	over	financial	reporting	is	a	process	designed	to	provide	reasonable	assurance	regarding	the	reliability	of	financial
reporting	and	the	preparation	of	financial	statements	for	external	purposes	in	accordance	with	generally	accepted	accounting	principles.		A	company’s
internal	control	over	financial	reporting	includes	those	policies	and	procedures	that	(i)	pertain	to	the	maintenance	of	records	that,	in	reasonable	detail,
accurately	and	fairly	reflect	the	transactions	and	dispositions	of	the	assets	of	the	company;	(ii)	provide	reasonable	assurance	that	transactions	are
recorded	as	necessary	to	permit	preparation	of	financial	statements	in	accordance	with	generally	accepted	accounting	principles,	and	that	receipts	and
expenditures	of	the	company	are	being	made	only	in	accordance	with	authorizations	of	management	and	directors	of	the	company;	and	(iii)	provide
reasonable	assurance	regarding	prevention	or	timely	detection	of	unauthorized	acquisition,	use,	or	disposition	of	the	company’s	assets	that	could	have	a
material	effect	on	the	financial	statements.
Because	of	its	inherent	limitations,	internal	control	over	financial	reporting	may	not	prevent	or	detect	misstatements.		Also,	projections	of	any
evaluation	of	effectiveness	to	future	periods	are	subject	to	the	risk	that	controls	may	become	inadequate	because	of	changes	in	conditions,	or	that	the
degree	of	compliance	with	the	policies	or	procedures	may	deteriorate.
/s/	PricewaterhouseCoopers	LLP
San	Jose,	California
February	24,	2016
	
	
	
46Tesla	Motors,	Inc.
Consolidated	Balance	Sheets
(in	thousands)
	
	
	
December	31,
	
	
December	31,
	
	
	
2015
	
	
2014
	
Assets
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Current	assets
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Cash	and	cash	equivalents
	
$
1,196,908
	
	
$
1,905,713
	
Restricted	cash	and	marketable	securities
	
	
22,628
	
	
	
17,947
	
Accounts	receivable
	
	
168,965
	
	
	
226,604
	
Inventory
	
	
1,277,838
	
	
	
953,675
	
Prepaid	expenses	and	other	current	assets
	
	
125,229
	
	
	
76,134
	
Total	current	assets
	
	
2,791,568
	
	
	
3,180,073
	
Operating	lease	vehicles,	net
	
	
1,791,403
	
	
	
766,744
	
Property,	plant	and	equipment,	net
	
	
3,403,334
	
	
	
1,829,267
	
Restricted	cash
	
	
31,522
	
	
	
11,374
	
Other	assets
	
	
74,633
	
	
	
43,209
	
Total	assets
	
$
8,092,460
	
	
$
5,830,667
	
Liabilities	and	Stockholders'	Equity
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Current	liabilities
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Accounts	payable
	
$
916,148
	
	
$
777,946
	
Accrued	liabilities
	
	
422,798
	
	
	
268,883
	
Deferred	revenue
	
	
423,961
	
	
	
191,651
	
Resale	value	guarantees
	
	
136,831
	
	
	
—
	
Customer	deposits
	
	
283,370
	
	
	
257,587
	
Long-term	debt	and	capital	leases
	
	
633,166
	
	
	
611,099
	
Total	current	liabilities
	
	
2,816,274
	
	
	
2,107,166
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Deferred	revenue
	
	
446,105
	
	
	
292,271
	
Long-term	debt	and	capital	leases
	
	
2,040,375
	
	
	
1,818,785
	
Resale	value	guarantee
	
	
1,293,741
	
	
	
487,879
	
Other	long-term	liabilities
	
	
364,976
	
	
	
154,660
	
Total	liabilities
	
	
6,961,471
	
	
	
4,860,761
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Convertible	senior	notes	(Notes	8)
	
	
42,045
	
	
	
58,196
	
Stockholders'	equity:
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Preferred	stock;	$0.001	par	value;	100,000	shares	authorized;	no	shares
			issued	and	outstanding
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
Common	stock;	$0.001	par	value;	2,000,000	shares	authorized	as	of
			December	31,	2015	and	2014,	respectively;		131,425	and	125,688
			shares	issued	and	outstanding	as	of	December	31,	2015	and	2014,	respectively
	
	
131
	
	
	
126
	
Additional	paid-in	capital
	
	
3,414,692
	
	
	
2,345,266
	
Accumulated	other	comprehensive	loss
	
	
(3,556
)
	
	
(22
)
Accumulated	deficit
	
	
(2,322,323
)
	
	
(1,433,660
)
Total	stockholders'	equity
	
	
1,088,944
	
	
	
911,710
	
Total	liabilities	and	stockholders'	equity
	
$
8,092,460
	
	
$
5,830,667
	
The	accompanying	notes	are	an	integral	part	of	these	consolidated	financial	statements.
	
	
	
47Tesla	Motors,	Inc.
	
Consolidated	Statements	of	Operations
(in	thousands,	except	per	share	data)
	
	
	
Year	Ended	December	31,
	
	
	
2015
	
	
2014
	
	
2013
	
Revenues
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Automotive
	
$
3,740,973
	
	
$
3,007,012
	
	
$
1,921,877
	
Services	and	other
	
	
305,052
	
	
	
191,344
	
	
	
91,619
	
Total	revenues
	
	
4,046,025
	
	
	
3,198,356
	
	
	
2,013,496
	
Cost	of	revenues
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Automotive
	
	
2,823,302
	
	
	
2,145,749
	
	
	
1,483,321
	
Services	and	other
	
	
299,220
	
	
	
170,936
	
	
	
73,913
	
Total	cost	of	revenues
	
	
3,122,522
	
	
	
2,316,685
	
	
	
1,557,234
	
Gross	profit
	
	
923,503
	
	
	
881,671
	
	
	
456,262
	
Operating	expenses
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Research	and	development
	
	
717,900
	
	
	
464,700
	
	
	
231,976
	
Selling,	general	and	administrative
	
	
922,232
	
	
	
603,660
	
	
	
285,569
	
Total	operating	expenses
	
	
1,640,132
	
	
	
1,068,360
	
	
	
517,545
	
Loss	from	operations
	
	
(716,629
)
	
	
(186,689
)
	
	
(61,283
)
Interest	income
	
	
1,508
	
	
	
1,126
	
	
	
189
	
Interest	expense
	
	
(118,851
)
	
	
(100,886
)
	
	
(32,934
)
Other	income	(expense),	net
	
	
(41,652
)
	
	
1,813
	
	
	
22,602
	
Loss	before	income	taxes
	
	
(875,624
)
	
	
(284,636
)
	
	
(71,426
)
Provision	for	income	taxes
	
	
13,039
	
	
	
9,404
	
	
	
2,588
	
Net	loss
	
$
(888,663
)
	
$
(294,040
)
	
$
(74,014
)
Net	loss	per	share	of	common	stock,	basic	and	diluted
	
$
(6.93
)
	
$
(2.36
)
	
$
(0.62
)
Weighted	average	shares	used	in	computing	net	loss	per	share	of
			common	stock,	basic	and	diluted
	
	
128,202
	
	
	
124,539
	
	
	
119,421
	
The	accompanying	notes	are	an	integral	part	of	these	consolidated	financial	statements.
	
	
	
48Tesla	Motors,	Inc.
Consolidated	Statements	of	Comprehensive	Loss
(in	thousands)
	
	
	
Year	Ended	December	31,
	
	
	
2015
	
	
2014
	
	
2013
	
Net	loss
	
$
(888,663
)
	
$
(294,040
)
	
$
(74,014
)
Other	comprehensive	income	(loss),	net	of	tax:
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Unrealized	gain	(loss)	on	derivatives	and	short-term	marketable	securities
	
	
7,465
	
	
	
(22
)
	
	
—
	
Foreign	currency	translation	adjustment
	
	
(10,999
)
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
Other	comprehensive	income	(loss)
	
	
(3,534
)
	
	
(22
)
	
	
—
	
Comprehensive	loss
	
$
(892,197
)
	
$
(294,062
)
	
$
(74,014
)
	
The	accompanying	notes	are	an	integral	part	of	these	consolidated	financial	statements.
	
	
	
49Tesla	Motors,	Inc.
Consolidated	Statements	of	Stockholders’	Equity
(in	thousands,	except	per	share	data)
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Accumulated
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Common	Stock
	
	
Additional
	
	
	
	
	
	
Other
	
	
Total
	
	
	
	
	
	
Paid-In
	
	
Accumulated
	
	
Comprehensive
	
	
Stockholders'
	
	
	
Shares
	
	
Amount
	
	
Capital
	
	
Deficit
	
	
Loss
	
	
Equity
	
Balance	as	of	December	31,	2012
	
	
114,214
	
	
$
115
	
	
$
1,190,191
	
	
$
(1,065,606
)
	
	
—
	
	
$
124,700
	
Issuance	of	common	stock	in	May	2013	public	offering	at
			$92.20	per	share,	net	of	issuance	costs	of	$6,367
	
	
3,903
	
	
	
3
	
	
	
353,629
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
353,632
	
Issuance	of	common	stock	in	May	2013	concurrent	private
			placements	at	$92.20	per	share
	
	
596
	
	
	
1
	
	
	
55,000
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
55,001
	
Conversion	feature	of	convertible	senior	notes	due	2018
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
82,842
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
82,842
	
Purchase	of	bond	hedges
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
(177,540
)
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
(177,540
)
Sales	of	warrant
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
120,318
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
120,318
	
Issuance	of	common	stock	upon	exercise	of	stock	options
	
	
3,853
	
	
	
3
	
	
	
82,570
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
82,573
	
Issuance	of	common	stock	upon	release	of	restricted	stock
			units,	net	of	shares	withheld	for	employee	taxes
	
	
6
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
(1,116
)
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
(1,116
)
Issuance	of	common	stock	under	employee	stock	purchase
			plan
	
	
519
	
	
	
1
	
	
	
13,848
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
13,849
	
Stock-based	compensation
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
86,875
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
86,875
	
Net	loss
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
(74,014
)
	
	
—
	
	
	
(74,014
)
Balance	as	of	December	31,	2013
	
	
123,091
	
	
	
123
	
	
	
1,806,617
	
	
	
(1,139,620
)
	
	
—
	
	
	
667,120
	
Conversion	feature	of	convertible	senior	notes	due
			2019	and	2021
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
548,603
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
548,603
	
Purchase	of	bond	hedges
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
(603,428
)
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
(603,428
)
Sales	of	warrant
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
389,160
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
389,160
	
Reclass	from	equity	to	mezzanine	equity
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
(58,199
)
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
(58,199
)
Issuance	of	common	stock	upon	exercise	of	stock	options
	
	
2,267
	
	
	
2
	
	
	
72,053
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
72,055
	
Issuance	of	common	stock	upon	release	of	restricted	stock
			units,	net	of	shares	withheld	for	employee	taxes
	
	
166
	
	
	
1
	
	
	
(190
)
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
(189
)
Issuance	of	common	stock	under	employee	stock	purchase
			plan
	
	
164
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
28,571
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
28,571
	
Stock-based	compensation
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
162,079
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
162,079
	
Comprehensive	loss:
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Net	loss
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
(294,040
)
	
	
	
	
	
	
(294,040
)
Other	comprehensive	loss
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
(22
)
	
	
(22
)
Balance	as	of	December	31,	2014
	
	
125,688
	
	
$
126
	
	
$
2,345,266
	
	
$
(1,433,660
)
	
$
(22
)
	
$
911,710
	
Conversion	feature	of	convertible	senior	notes	due
			2018
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
16,150
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
16,150
	
Conversion	feature	of	convertible	senior	notes	due
			2019	and	2021
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Issuance	of	common	stock	in	August	2015	secondary
			public	offering	at	$242	per	share,	net	of	issuance	costs	of
			$11,122
	
	
3,099
	
	
	
3
	
	
	
738,405
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
738,408
	
Issuance	of	common	stock	upon	exercise	of	stock	options
	
	
2,012
	
	
	
2
	
	
	
68,999
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
69,001
	
Issuance	of	common	stock	upon	release	of	restricted	stock
			units,	net	of	shares	withheld	for	employee	taxes
	
	
405
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
(4
)
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
(4
)
Issuance	of	common	stock	under	employee	stock	purchase
			plan
	
	
221
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
37,538
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
37,538
	
Stock-based	compensation
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
208,338
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
208,338
	
Comprehensive	loss:
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Net	loss
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
(888,663
)
	
	
	
	
	
	
(888,663
)
Other	comprehensive	loss
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
(3,534
)
	
	
(3,534
)
Balance	as	of	December	31,	2015
	
	
131,425
	
	
$
131
	
	
$
3,414,692
	
	
$
(2,322,323
)
	
$
(3,556
)
	
$
1,088,944
	
	
The	accompanying	notes	are	an	integral	part	of	these	consolidated	financial	statements.
	
	
	
50Tesla	Motors,	Inc.
	
Consolidated	Statements	of	Cash	Flows
(in	thousands)
	
	
	
Year	Ended	December	31,
	
	
	
2015
	
	
2014
	
	
2013
	
Cash	Flows	From	Operating	Activities
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Net	loss
	
$
(888,663
)
	
$
(294,040
)
	
$
(74,014
)
Adjustments	to	reconcile	net	loss	to	net	cash	provided	by	(used	in)
			operating	activities:
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Depreciation	and	amortization
	
	
422,590
	
	
	
231,931
	
	
	
106,083
	
Stock-based	compensation
	
	
197,999
	
	
	
156,496
	
	
	
80,737
	
Amortization	of	discount	on	convertible	debt
	
	
72,063
	
	
	
69,734
	
	
	
9,143
	
Inventory	write-downs
	
	
44,940
	
	
	
15,609
	
	
	
8,918
	
Amortization	of	Department	of	Energy	(DOE)	loan	origination	costs
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
5,558
	
Change	in	fair	value	of	DOE	warrant	liability
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
(10,692
)
Fixed	asset	disposal
	
	
37,723
	
	
	
14,178
	
	
	
1,796
	
Other	non-cash	operating	activities
	
	
26,373
	
	
	
7,471
	
	
	
1,815
	
Foreign	currency	transaction	(gain)	loss
	
	
55,765
	
	
	
(1,891
)
	
	
(13,498
)
Changes	in	operating	assets	and	liabilities
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Accounts	receivable
	
	
46,267
	
	
	
(183,658
)
	
	
(21,705
)
Inventories	and	operating	lease	vehicles
	
	
(1,573,860
)
	
	
(1,050,264
)
	
	
(460,561
)
Prepaid	expenses	and	other	current	assets
	
	
(29,595
)
	
	
(60,637
)
	
	
(17,533
)
Other	assets
	
	
(24,362
)
	
	
(4,493
)
	
	
(434
)
Accounts	payable	and	accrued	liabilities
	
	
263,345
	
	
	
414,856
	
	
	
87,413
	
Deferred	revenue
	
	
322,203
	
	
	
209,681
	
	
	
268,098
	
Customer	deposits
	
	
36,721
	
	
	
106,230
	
	
	
24,354
	
Resale	value	guarantee
	
	
442,295
	
	
	
249,492
	
	
	
236,299
	
Other	long-term	liabilities
	
	
23,697
	
	
	
61,968
	
	
	
33,027
	
Net	cash	provided	by	(used	in)	operating	activities
	
	
(524,499
)
	
	
(57,337
)
	
	
264,804
	
Cash	Flows	From	Investing	Activities
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Purchases	of	property	and	equipment	excluding	capital	leases
	
	
(1,634,850
)
	
	
(969,885
)
	
	
(264,224
)
Withdrawals	out	of	our	dedicated	DOE	account,	net
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
14,752
	
(Increase)	decrease	in	other	restricted	cash
	
	
(26,441
)
	
	
(3,849
)
	
	
55
	
Purchases	of	short-term	marketable	securities
	
	
—
	
	
	
(205,841
)
	
	
—
	
Maturities	of	short-term	marketable	securities
	
	
—
	
	
	
189,131
	
	
	
—
	
Business	acquisition
	
	
(12,260
)
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
Net	cash	used	in	investing	activities
	
	
(1,673,551
)
	
	
(990,444
)
	
	
(249,417
)
Cash	Flows	From	Financing	Activities
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Proceeds	from	issuance	of	convertible	and	other	debt
	
	
318,972
	
	
	
2,300,000
	
	
	
660,000
	
Proceeds	from	issuance	of	common	stock	in	public	offering
	
	
730,000
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
360,000
	
Proceeds	from	issuance	of	warrants
	
	
—
	
	
	
389,160
	
	
	
120,318
	
Proceeds	from	exercise	of	stock	options	and	other	stock	issuances
	
	
106,611
	
	
	
100,455
	
	
	
95,307
	
Proceeds	from	issuance	of	common	stock	in	private	placement
	
	
20,000
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
55,000
	
Principal	payments	on	DOE	loans
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
(452,337
)
Purchase	of	convertible	note	hedges
	
	
—
	
	
	
(603,428
)
	
	
(177,540
)
Common	stock	and	convertible	debt	issuance	costs
	
	
(17,025
)
	
	
(35,149
)
	
	
(16,901
)
Principal	payments	on	capital	leases	and	other	debt
	
	
(203,780
)
	
	
(11,179
)
	
	
(8,425
)
Collateralized	lease	borrowing
	
	
568,745
	
	
	
3,271
	
	
	
—
	
Net	cash	provided	by	financing	activities
	
	
1,523,523
	
	
	
2,143,130
	
	
	
635,422
	
Effect	of	exchange	rate	changes	on	cash	and	cash	equivalents
	
	
(34,278
)
	
	
(35,525
)
	
	
(6,810
)
Net	increase	(decrease)	in	cash	and	cash	equivalents
	
	
(708,805
)
	
	
1,059,824
	
	
	
643,999
	
Cash	and	cash	equivalents	at	beginning	of	period
	
	
1,905,713
	
	
	
845,889
	
	
	
201,890
	
Cash	and	cash	equivalents	at	end	of	period
	
$
1,196,908
	
	
$
1,905,713
	
	
$
845,889
	
Supplemental	Disclosures
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Interest	paid
	
$
32,060
	
	
$
20,539
	
	
$
9,041
	
Income	taxes	paid
	
	
9,461
	
	
	
3,120
	
	
	
257
	
Supplemental	noncash	investing	activities
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Acquisition	of	property	and	equipment	included	in	accounts	payable
			and	accrued	liabilities
	
	
267,334
	
	
	
254,393
	
	
	
38,789
	
Estimated	fair	market	value	of	facilities	under	build-to-suit	lease
	
	
174,749
	
	
	
50,076
	
	
	
—
	
The	accompanying	notes	are	an	integral	part	of	these	consolidated	financial	statements.
	
51Tesla	Motors,	Inc.
Notes	to	Consolidated	Financial	Statements
	
	
Note	1	-	Overview	of	the	Company
Tesla	Motors,	Inc.	(Tesla,	we,	us	or	our)	was	incorporated	in	the	state	of	Delaware	on	July	1,	2003.	We	design,	develop,	manufacture,	and	sell
high-performance	fully	electric	vehicles,	and	stationary	energy	storage	products.	We	have	wholly-owned	subsidiaries	in	North	America,	Europe	and
Asia.	The	primary	purpose	of	these	subsidiaries	is	to	market,	manufacture,	sell	and/or	service	our	vehicles.
	
	
Note	2	-	Summary	of	Significant	Accounting	Policies
Basis	of	Consolidation
The	consolidated	financial	statements	include	the	accounts	of	Tesla	and	its	wholly	owned	subsidiaries.	Inter-company	balances	and	transactions
between	consolidated	entities	have	been	eliminated.
Use	of	Estimates
The	preparation	of	financial	statements	in	conformity	with	accounting	principles	generally	accepted	in	the	United	States	of	America	requires
management	to	make	estimates	and	assumptions	that	affect	the	reported	amounts	of	assets	and	liabilities	and	disclosure	of	contingent	liabilities	and
accompanying	notes.		Estimates	are	used	for,	but	not	limited	to,	determining	the	selling	price	of	products	and	services	in	multiple	element	revenue
arrangements	and	determining	the	amortization	period	of	these	elements,	residual	value	of	operating	lease	vehicles,	inventory	valuation,	warranties,
fair	value	of	financial	instruments,	depreciable	lives	of	property	and	equipment,	inputs	used	to	value	stock-based	compensation	including	volatility,	lives
of	stock	option	awards	and	forfeiture	rates,	income	taxes,	and	contingencies.	Actual	results	could	differ	from	those	estimates.
Recent	Accounting	Pronouncements
In	May	2014,	the	Financial	Accounting	Standards	Board	issued	an	accounting	update	which	amends	the	existing	accounting	standards	for
revenue	recognition.	The	new	guidance	provides	a	new	model	to	determine	when	and	over	what	period	revenue	is	recognized.	Under	this	new	model,
revenue	is	recognized	as	goods	or	services	are	delivered	in	an	amount	that	reflects	the	consideration	we	expect	to	collect.	The	guidance	is	effective	for
fiscal	years	beginning	after	December	15,	2017;	early	adoption	is	permitted	for	periods	beginning	after	December	15,	2016.	The	new	standard	is
required	to	either	be	applied	retrospectively	to	each	prior	reporting	period	presented	or	retrospectively	with	the	cumulative	effect	of	initially	applying	it
recognized	at	the	date	of	initial	application.	We	have	not	yet	selected	a	transition	method	and	are	evaluating	the	impact	of	adopting	it.
In	April	2015,	the	FASB	issued	new	authoritative	accounting	guidance	on	simplifying	the	presentation	of	debt	issuance	costs,	which	requires	that
debt	issuance	costs	related	to	a	recognized	debt	liability	be	presented	in	the	balance	sheet	as	a	direct	deduction	from	the	carrying	amount	of	that	debt
liability,	consistent	with	debt	discounts.	We	did	not	adopt	this	standard	during	2015;	however,	the	impact	to	the	our	Consolidated	Balance	Sheet	as	of
December	31,	2015	would	have	been	a	$10.7	million	reduction	in	prepaid	expenses	and	other	current	assets,	a	$18.7	million	reduction	in	other	assets,
and	a	corresponding	reduction	in	the	aggregate	carrying	value	of	the	Company’s	long	term	debt	liabilities.
In	November	2015,	the	FASB	issued	Accounting	Standards	Update	No.	2015-17,	Income	Taxes	(Topic	740):	Balance	Sheet	Classification	of
Deferred	Taxes	(ASU	2015-17),	which	simplifies	the	presentation	of	deferred	income	taxes	by	requiring	that	deferred	tax	assets	and	liabilities	be
classified	as	non-current.	We	have	retrospectively	adopted	this	standard	as	of	December	31,	2015,	and	as	a	result	we	reclassified	$18.6	million	of
current	deferred	tax	assets	to	non-current	and	netted	$18.6	million	non-current	deferred	tax	liabilities	against	our	non-current	deferred	tax	assets	as	of
December	31,	2014.		
Revenue	Recognition
We	recognize	revenue	for	products	and	services	when:	(i)	a	persuasive	evidence	of	an	arrangement	exists;	(ii)	delivery	has	occurred	and	there
are	no	uncertainties	regarding	customer	acceptance;	(iii)	pricing	or	fees	are	fixed	or	determinable;	and	(iv)	collection	is	reasonably	assured.
Vehicle	sales	include	standard	features,	customer	selected	options	and	accessories,	and	specific	other	elements	that	meet	the	definition	of	a
deliverable	under	multiple-element	accounting	guidance	including	free	internet	connectivity,	free	access	to	our	Supercharger	network,	and	future	over
the	air	software	updates.	These	deliverables	are	valued	on	a	stand-alone	basis	and	we	recognize	their	revenue	over	our	performance	period,	which	is
generally	the	eight-year	life	of	the	vehicle,	except	for	internet	connectivity	which	is	over	the	free	four	year	period.	If	we	sell	a	deliverable	separately,	we
use	that	pricing	to	determine	its	fair	value;	otherwise,	we	use	our	best	estimated	selling	price	by	considering	costs	used	to	develop	and	deliver	the
service,	third	party	pricing	of	similar	options,	and	other	information	which	may	be	available.
52At	the	time	of	revenue	recognition,	we	record	a	reserve	against	revenue	for	estimated	future	product	returns.	Such	estimates	are	based	on
historical	
experience	and	are	immaterial	in	all	periods	presented.
	
Vehicle	sales	to	customers	with	a	residual	value	guarantee
We	offer	resale	value	guarantees	or	similar	buy-back	terms	to	all	customers	who	purchase	vehicles	and	who	finance	their	vehicle	through	one	of
our	specified	commercial	banking	partners.		Under	this	program,	customers	have	the	option	of	selling	their	vehicle	back	to	us	during	the	guarantee
period	for	a	pre-determined	resale	value.		Guarantee	periods	generally	range	from	36	to	39	months.		Although	we	receive	full	payment	for	the	vehicle
sales	price	at	the	time	of	delivery,	we	are	required	to	account	for	these	transactions	as	operating	leases.		The	amount	of	sale	proceeds	equal	to	the
residual	value	guarantee	is	deferred	until	the	guarantee	expires	or	is	exercised.		The	remaining	sale	proceeds	are	deferred	and	recognized	on	a	straight
line	basis	over	the	stated	guarantee	period.	The	guarantee	period	expires	at	the	earlier	of	the	end	of	the	guarantee	period	or	the	pay-off	of	the	initial
loan.		We	capitalize	the	cost	of	these	vehicles	to	leased	vehicles	on	our	Consolidated	Balance	Sheets	and	depreciate	their	value,	less	salvage	value,	to
cost	of	automotive	revenue	over	the	same	period.		
In	cases	when	customer	retains	ownership	of	the	vehicle	at	the	end	of	the	guarantee	period,	the	resale	value	guarantee	liability	and	any
remaining	deferred	revenue	balances	related	to	the	vehicle	are	settled	to	automotive	revenue	and	the	net	book	value	of	the	leased	vehicle	is	expensed
to	costs	of	automotive	revenue.		In	cases	when	customers	return	the	vehicle	back	to	us	during	the	guarantee	period,	we	purchase	the	vehicle	form	the
customer	in	an	amount	equal	to	the	resale	value	guarantee	and	settle	any	remaining	deferred	balances	to	automotive	revenue	and	we	reclassify	the	net
book	value	of	the	vehicle	on	our	balance	sheet	to	pre-owned	vehicle	inventory.	As	of	December	31,	2015,	$136.8	million	of	guarantees	are	exercisable
by	customers	within	the	next	twelve	months.
Vehicle	sales	to	leasing	partners	with	a	residual	value	guarantee
In	the	fourth	quarter	of	2014,	we	also	began	offering	residual	value	guarantees	in	connection	with	automobile	sales	to	certain	bank	leasing
partners.		As	we	have	guaranteed	the	value	of	these	vehicles	and	as	the	vehicles	are	leased	to	end-customers,	we	account	for	these	transactions	as
interest	bearing	collateralized	borrowings	as	required	under	
ASC	840	-	Leases
.		Under	this	program,	cash	is	received	for	the	full	price	of	the	vehicle	and
is	recorded	within	resale	value	guarantee	for	the	long-term	portion	and	deferred	revenue	for	the	current	portion.		We	accrete	the	deferred	revenue
amount	to	automotive	revenue	on	a	straight	line	basis	over	the	guarantee	period	and	accrue	interest	expense	based	on	our	borrowing	rate.		We
capitalize	vehicles	under	this	program	to	leased	vehicles	on	our	Consolidated	Balance	Sheets	and	we	record	depreciation	from	these	vehicles	to	cost	of
automotive	revenues	during	the	period	the	vehicle	is	under	a	lease	arrangement.		Cash	received	for	these	vehicles,	net	of	revenue	recognized	during
the	period,	is	classified	as	collateralized	lease	borrowings	within	cash	flows	from	financing	activities	in	our	Consolidated	Statements	of	Cash	Flows.
At	the	end	of	the	lease	term,	we	settle	our	liability	in	cash	by	either	purchasing	the	vehicle	from	the	leasing	partner	for	the	residual	value
guarantee	amount,	or	paying	a	shortfall	to	the	guarantee	amount	the	leasing	partner	may	realize	on	the	sale	of	the	vehicle.		Any	remaining	balances
within	deferred	revenue	and	resale	value	guarantee	will	be	settled	to	automotive	revenue.		In	cases	where	the	bank	retains	ownership	of	the	vehicle
after	the	end	of	our	guarantee	period,	we	expense	the	net	value	of	the	leased	vehicle	to	costs	of	automotive	revenue
.		The	maximum	cash	we	could	be
required	to	pay	under	this	program,	should	we	decide	to	repurchase	all	vehicles	is	$348.2	million	at	December	31,	2015.
As	of	December	31,	2015	and	December	31,	2014,	we	had	$527.5	million	and	$16.7	million	of	such	borrowings	recorded	in	the	resale	value
guarantee	liability	and	$120.5	million	and	$3.9	million	recorded	in	deferred	revenue	liability.
At	least	annually,	we	assess	the	estimated	market	values	of	vehicles	under	our	resale	value	guarantee	program	to	determine	if	we	have	sustained
a	loss	on	any	of	these	contracts.	As	we	accumulate	more	data	related	to	the	resale	values	of	our	vehicles	or	as	market	conditions	change,	there	may	be
significant	changes	to	their	estimated	values.
	
53Activity	related	to	our	resale	value	guarantee	program	consisted	of	the	following	for	the	period	presented	(in	thousands):
	
	
	
Year	ended
	
	
Year	ended
	
	
	
December	31,
2015
	
	
December	31,
2014
	
Operating	Lease	Vehicles
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Operating	lease	vehicles—beginning	of	period
	
$
684,590
	
	
$
376,979
	
Net	increase	in	operating	lease	vehicles
	
	
1,047,220
	
	
	
380,627
	
Depreciation	expense	recorded	in	cost	of	automotive	revenues
	
	
(130,355
)
	
	
(63,105
)
Additional	depreciation	expense	recorded	in	cost	of
			automotive	revenues	as	a	result	of	early	cancellation	of
			resale	value	guarantee
	
	
(21,487
)
	
	
(9,251
)
Increases	to	inventory	from	vehicles	returned	under	our	trade-
			in	program
	
	
(23,439
)
	
	
(660
)
Operating	lease	vehicles—end	of	period
	
$
1,556,529
	
	
$
684,590
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Deferred	Revenue
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Deferred	revenue—beginning	of	period
	
$
381,096
	
	
$
230,856
	
Net	increase	in	deferred	revenue	from	new	vehicle	deliveries
			and	reclassification	of	collateralized	borrowing	from	long-
			term	to	short-term
	
	
553,765
	
	
	
280,542
	
Amortization	of	deferred	revenue	and	short-term	collateralized
			borrowing	recorded	in	automotive	revenue
	
	
(229,624
)
	
	
(118,570
)
Additional	revenue	recorded	in	automotive	revenue	as	a	result
			of	early	cancellation	of	resale	value	guarantee
	
	
(12,352
)
	
	
(9,590
)
Recognition	of	deferred	revenue	resulting	from	return	of
			vehicle	under	trade-in	program
	
	
(13,753
)
	
	
(2,142
)
Deferred	revenue—end	of	period
	
$
679,132
	
	
$
381,096
	
Resale	Value	Guarantee
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Resale	value	guarantee	liability—beginning	of	period
	
$
487,880
	
	
$
236,298
	
Net	increase	in	resale	value	guarantee
	
	
1,013,733
	
	
	
262,526
	
Reclassification	from	long-term	to	short-term	collateralized
			borrowing
	
	
(29,612
)
	
	
—
	
Additional	revenue	recorded	in	automotive	revenue	as	a	result
			of	early	cancellation	of	resale	value	guarantee
	
	
(11,042
)
	
	
(8,557
)
Release	of	resale	value	guarantee	resulting	from	return	of
			vehicle	under	trade-in	program
	
	
(30,386
)
	
	
(2,387
)
Resale	value	guarantee	liability—end	of	period
	
$
1,430,573
	
	
$
487,880
	
	
Direct	Vehicle	Leasing	Program
	
In	April	2014,	we	began	offering	a	leasing	program	in	the	United	States,	and	subsequently	began	to	offer	similar	programs	in	Canada	and
Germany.	Qualifying	customers	are	permitted	to	lease	a	vehicle	directly	from	a	local	Tesla	subsidiary	for	36	or	48	months.	At	the	end	of	the	lease	term,
customers	have	the	option	of	either	returning	the	vehicle	to	us	or	purchasing	it	for	a	pre-determined	residual	value.	We	account	for	these	leasing
transactions	as	operating	leases	and	recognize	leasing	revenues	over	the	contractual	term	and	record	the	depreciation	of	these	vehicles	to	cost	of
automotive	revenues.	As	of	December	31,	2015	and	December	31,	2014,	we	had	deferred	$25.8	million	and	$9.4	million	of	lease-related	upfront
payments	which	will	be	recognized	on	a	straight-line	basis	over	the	contractual	term	of	the	individual	leases.	Lease	revenues	are	recorded	in	automotive
revenue	and	for	the	year	ended	December	31,	2015	and	December	31,	2014,	we	recognized	$41.2	million	and	$4.4	million.
	
Regulatory	Credits
California	and	certain	other	states	have	laws	in	place	requiring	vehicle	manufacturers	to	ensure	that	a	portion	of	the	vehicles	delivered	for	sale	in
that	state	during	each	model	year	are	zero	emission	vehicles.	These	laws	and	regulations	provide	that	a	manufacturer	of	zero	emission	vehicles	may	earn
regulatory	credits	(ZEV	credits)	and	may	sell	excess	credits	to	other	manufacturers	who	apply	such	credits	to	comply	with	these	regulatory	requirements.
Similar	regulations	exist	at	the	federal	level	that	require	compliance	related	to	greenhouse	gas	emissions	and	also	allow	for	the	sale	of	excess	credits	by
one	manufacturer	to	other	manufacturers.	As	a	manufacturer	solely	of	zero	emission	vehicles,	we	have	earned	emission	credits,	such	as	ZEV	and	GHG
credits	on	vehicles,	and	we	expect	to	continue	to	earn	these	credits	in	the	future.	We	enter	into	contractual	agreements	with	third	parties	to	purchase	our
regulatory	credits.
54We	recognize	revenue	on	the	sale	of	these	credits	at	the	time	legal	title	to	the	credits	is	transf
erred	to	the	purchasing	party.	Revenue	from	the
sale	of	regulatory	credits	totaled	$168.7	million,	$216.3	million,	and	$194.4	million	for	the	years	ended	December	31,	2015,	2014	and	2013.
Additionally	we	have	entered	into	agreements	with	the	State	of	Nevada	and	Storey	County	in	Nevada	that	will	provide	abatements	for	sales	and
use	taxes,	real	and	personal	property	taxes,	and	employer	excise	taxes,	discounts	to	the	base	tariff	energy	rates,	and	transferable	tax	credits.	These
incentives	will	be	available	for	the	applicable	periods	beginning	on	October	17,	2014	and	ending	on	June	30,	2034,	subject	to	capital	investments	by
Tesla	and	its	partners	for	the	Gigafactory	of	at	least	$3.5	billion	in	the	aggregate	on	or	before	June	30,	2024,	and	certain	other	conditions	specified	in
the	agreements.	If	we	do	not	satisfy	one	or	more	conditions	under	the	agreement,	Tesla	will	be	required	to	repay	to	the	respective	taxing	authorities	the
amounts	of	the	tax	incentives	incurred,	plus	interest.	As	of	December	31,	2015,	we	have	earned	$19.9	million	of	transferable	tax	credits	under	these
agreements.	We	record	these	credits	as	earned	when	we	have	evidence	there	is	a	market	for	their	sale.		Credits	are	applied	as	a	cost	offset	to	either
employee	expense	or	to	capital	assets,	depending	on	the	source	of	the	credits.		Credits	earned	from	employee	hires	or	capital	spending	by	our	partners
at	the	Gigafactory	are	recorded	to	other	income	(expense),	net.
Maintenance	and	Service	Plans
We	offer	a	prepaid	maintenance	program	for	Model	S,	which	includes	plans	covering	maintenance	for	up	to	eight	years	or	up	to	100,000	miles,
provided	these	services	are	purchased	within	a	specified	period	of	time.	The	maintenance	plans	cover	annual	inspections	and	the	replacement	of	wear
and	tear	parts,	excluding	tires	and	the	battery.	Payments	collected	in	advance	of	the	performance	of	service	are	initially	recorded	in	deferred	revenues
on	the	consolidated	balance	sheets	and	recognized	in	automotive	sales	as	we	fulfill	our	performance	obligations.
We	also	offer	an	extended	service	plan,	which	covers	the	repair	or	replacement	of	Model	S	parts	for	an	additional	four	years	or	up	to	an
additional	50,000	miles,	after	the	end	of	our	initial	New	Vehicle	Limited	Warranty,	provided	they	are	purchased	within	a	specified	period	of	time.
Payments	collected	in	advance	of	the	performance	of	service	are	initially	recorded	in	deferred	revenues	on	the	consolidated	balance	sheets	and
recognized	in	automotive	sales	ratably	over	the	service	coverage	periods.
As	of	December	31,	2015	and	2014,	we	had	deferred	$53.6	million	and	$39.7	million	related	to	our	maintenance	and	service	plans.	During	the
years	ended	December	31,	2015	and	2014,	we	recognized	revenue	of	$4.5	million	and	$3.0	million	related	to	these	plans.
Cash	and	Cash	Equivalents
All	highly	liquid	investments	with	an	original	maturity	of	three	months	or	less	at	the	date	of	purchase	are	considered	to	be	cash	equivalents.	We
currently	invest	our	cash	primarily	in	money	market	funds.
	
Marketable	Securities
Marketable	securities	are	comprised	of	commercial	paper	and	corporate	debt	and	are	all	designated	as	available-for-sale	and	reported	at
estimated	fair	value,	with	unrealized	gains	and	losses	recorded	in	accumulated	other	comprehensive	loss	which	is	included	within	stockholders’	equity.
Realized	gains	and	losses	on	the	sale	of	available-for-sale	marketable	securities	are	recorded	in	other	income	(expense),	net.	The	cost	of	available-for-
sale	marketable	securities	sold	is	based	on	the	specific	identification	method.	Interest,	dividends,	amortization	and	accretion	of	purchase	premiums	and
discounts	on	our	marketable	securities	are	included	in	other	income	(expense),	net.	Available-for-sale	marketable	securities	with	maturities	greater	than
three	months	at	the	date	of	purchase	and	remaining	maturities	of	one	year	or	less	are	classified	as	short-term	marketable	securities.	Where	temporary
declines	in	fair	value	exist,	we	have	the	ability	and	the	intent	to	hold	these	securities	for	a	period	of	time	sufficient	to	allow	for	any	anticipated	recovery
in	fair	value.
When	held,	we	regularly	review	all	of	our	marketable	securities	for	other-than-temporary	declines	in	fair	value.	The	review	includes	but	is	not
limited	to	(i)	the	consideration	of	the	cause	of	the	impairment,	(ii)	the	creditworthiness	of	the	security	issuers,	(iii)	the	length	of	time	a	security	is	in	an
unrealized	loss	position,	and	(iv)	our	ability	to	hold	the	security	for	a	period	of	time	sufficient	to	allow	for	any	anticipated	recovery	in	fair	value.
Restricted	Cash	and	Deposits
We	maintain	certain	cash	amounts	restricted	as	to	withdrawal	or	use.	Current	and	noncurrent	restricted	cash	as	of	December	31,	2015	was
comprised	primarily	of	cash	as	collateral	related	to	our	sales	to	lease	partners	with	a	residual	value	guarantee	and	for	letters	of	credit	including	for	our
real	estate	leases,	and	insurance	policies.		In	December	2015,	we	settled	and	closed	our	Warehouse	Facility	and	removed	restrictions	on	cash	related	to
that	arrangement.
55Accounts	Receivable	and	Allowance	for	Doubtful
	
Accounts
Accounts	receivable	primarily	include	amounts	related	to	sales	of	powertrain	systems,	receivables	from	financial	institutions	and	leasing
companies	offering	various	financing	products	to	our	customers,	regulatory	credits	to	other	automotive	manufacturers,	and	from	maintenance	services
on	vehicles	owned	by	leasing	companies.		We	provide	an	allowance	against	amounts	receivable	to	the	amount	we	reasonably	believe	will	be	collected.
We	typically	do	not	carry	accounts	receivable	related	to	our	vehicle	and	related	sales	as	customer	payments	are	due	prior	to	vehicle	delivery,
except	for	the	amounts	due	from	commercial	financial	institutions	for	approved	financing	arrangements	between	our	customers	and	the	financial
institutions.
Concentration	of	Risk
Credit	Risk
Financial	instruments	that	potentially	subject	us	to	a	concentration	of	credit	risk	consist	of	cash,	cash	equivalents,	restricted	cash	and	accounts
receivable.	Our	cash	equivalents	are	primarily	invested	in	money	market	funds	with	high	credit	quality	financial	institutions	in	the	United	States.	At
times,	these	deposits	and	securities	may	be	in	excess	of	insured	limits.	We	invest	cash	not	required	for	use	in	operations	in	high	credit	quality	securities
based	on	our	investment	policy.	Our	investment	policy	provides	guidelines	and	limits	regarding	credit	quality,	investment	concentration,	investment
type,	and	maturity	that	we	believe	will	provide	liquidity	while	reducing	risk	of	loss	of	capital.	Our	investments	are	currently	of	a	short-term	nature	and
include	commercial	paper	and	U.S.	treasury	bills.
As	of	December	31,	2015	and	2014,	our	accounts	receivable	were	derived	primarily	from	sales	of	regulatory	credits,	as	well	as	funds	to	be
received	from	financial	institutions	and	leasing	companies	offering	various	financing	products	to	our	customers,	the	development	and	sales	of
powertrain	components	and	systems	to	OEMs.	Accounts	receivable	also	included	amounts	to	be	received	from	commercial	financial	institutions	for
approved	financing	arrangements	between	our	customers	and	financial	institutions.
The	following	summarizes	the	accounts	receivable	from	our	customers	in	excess	of	10%	of	our	total	accounts	receivable:
	
	
	
December	31,
	
	
December	31,
	
	
	
2015
	
	
2014
	
Customer	A
	
	
15
%
	
	
7
%
Customer	B
	
	
8
%
	
	
14
%
Customer	C
	
	
6
%
	
	
13
%
Customer	D
	
	
—
	
	
	
19
%
	
Supply	Risk
Although	there	may	be	multiple	suppliers	available,	many	of	the	components	used	in	our	vehicles	are	purchased	by	us	from	a	single	source.	If
these	single	source	suppliers	fail	to	satisfy	our	requirements	on	a	timely	basis	at	competitive	prices,	we	could	suffer	manufacturing	delays,	a	possible
loss	of	revenues,	or	incur	higher	cost	of	sales,	any	of	which	could	adversely	affect	our	operating	results.
Inventories	and	Inventory	Valuation
Inventories	are	stated	at	the	lower	of	cost	or	market.	Cost	is	computed	using	standard	cost,	which	approximates	actual	cost	on	a	first-in,	first-out
basis.	We	record	inventory	write-downs	for	excess	or	obsolete	inventories	based	on	current	and	future	demand	forecasts.		If	our	inventory	on	hand	is	in
excess	of	our	future	demand	forecast,	the	excess	amounts	are	written	off.
We	also	review	inventory	to	determine	whether	its	carrying	value	exceeds	the	net	amount	realizable	upon	the	ultimate	sale	of	the	inventory.		This
requires	us	to	determine	the	estimated	selling	price	of	our	vehicles	less	the	estimated	cost	to	convert	inventory	on	hand	into	a	finished	product.		Once
inventory	is	written-down,	a	new,	lower-cost	basis	for	that	inventory	is	established	and	subsequent	changes	in	facts	and	circumstances	do	not	result	in
the	restoration	or	increase	in	that	newly	established	cost	basis.
Should	our	estimates	of	future	selling	prices	or	production	costs	change,	additional	and	potentially	material	increases	to	this	reserve	may	be
required.		A	small	change	in	our	estimates	may	result	in	a	material	change	to	our	reported	financial	results.
56Property,	Plant	and	Equipment
Property,	plant	and	equipment	are	recognized	at	cost	less	accumulated	depreciation.	Depreciation	is	generally	computed	using	the	straight-line
method	over	the	estimated	useful	lives	of	the	related	assets	as	follows:
	
Machinery,	equipment	and	office	furniture
	
3	to	12	years
Building	and	building	improvements
	
30	years
Computer	equipment	and	software
	
3	years
	
Depreciation	for	tooling	is	computed	using	the	units-of-production	method	whereby	capitalized	costs	are	amortized	over	the	total	estimated
productive	life	of	the	related	assets.	As	of	December	31,	2015,	the	estimated	productive	life	for	tooling	was	250,000	vehicles	based	on	our	current
estimates	of	production.
Leasehold	improvements	are	amortized	on	a	straight-line	basis	over	the	shorter	of	their	estimated	useful	lives	or	the	term	of	the	related	lease.
Upon	the	retirement	or	sale	of	our	property,	plant	and	equipment,	the	cost	and	related	accumulated	depreciation	are	removed	from	the	balance
sheet	and	the	resulting	gain	or	loss	is	reflected	in	operations.	Maintenance	and	repair	expenditures	are	expensed	as	incurred,	while	major
improvements	that	increase	the	functionality,	output	or	expected	life	of	the	asset	are	capitalized	and	depreciated	ratably	to	expense	over	the	identified
useful	life.	Land	is	not	depreciated.
Interest	expense	on	outstanding	debt	is	capitalized	during	the	period	of	significant	capital	asset	construction.	Capitalized	interest	on
construction	in	progress	is	included	in	property,	plant	and	equipment,	and	is	amortized	over	the	life	of	the	related	assets.
Operating	Lease	Vehicles
Vehicles	delivered	under	our	resale	value	guarantee	program,	vehicles	that	are	leased	as	part	of	our	leasing	programs	as	well	as	any	vehicles
that	are	sold	with	a	significant	buy-back	guarantee	are	classified	as	operating	lease	vehicles	as	the	related	revenue	transactions	are	treated	as
operating	leases.	Operating	lease	vehicles	are	recorded	at	cost	less	accumulated	depreciation.	Depreciation	is	computed	using	the	straight-line	method
over	the	expected	operating	lease	term.		The	total	cost	of	operating	lease	vehicles	recorded	in	the	Consolidated	Balance	Sheets	as	of	December	31,
2015	and	2014	was	$2.0	billion	and	$849.8	million.	Accumulated	depreciation	related	to	leased	vehicles	as	of	December	31,	2015	and	2014	was	$216.5
million	and	$83.1	million.
Long-lived	Assets
We	evaluate	our	long-lived	assets,	including	intangible	assets,	for	indicators	of	possible	impairment	when	events	or	changes	in	circumstances
indicate	the	carrying	amount	of	an	asset	(or	asset	group)	may	not	be	recoverable.	Impairment	exists	if	the	carrying	amounts	of	such	assets	exceed	the
estimates	of	future	net	undiscounted	cash	flows	expected	to	be	generated	by	such	assets.	Should	impairment	exist,	the	impairment	loss	would	be
measured	based	on	the	excess	carrying	value	of	the	asset	over	the	asset’s	estimated	fair	value.		We	did	not	record	any	material	impairment	losses	on
our	long-lived	assets	in	2015	and	2014.
Research	and	Development	Costs
Research	and	development	costs	are	expensed	as	incurred.	Research	and	development	expenses	consist	primarily	of	payroll,	benefits	and	stock-
based	compensation	of	those	employees	engaged	in	research,	design	and	development	activities,	costs	related	to	design	tools,	license	expenses	related
to	intellectual	property,	supplies	and	services,	depreciation	and	other	occupancy	costs.		
Marketing	and	Promotion	Costs
Marketing	and	sales	promotion	costs	are	expensed	as	incurred.	During	the	years	ended	December	31,	2015,	2014	and	2013,	advertising,
promotion	and	related	marketing	expenses	were	$58.3	million,	$48.9	million	and	$9.0	million.
Transportation	Costs
Amounts	billed	to	customers	related	to	shipping	and	handling	are	classified	as	automotive	revenue,	and	related	transportation	costs	are	included
in	cost	of	automotive	revenues.
Income	Taxes
Income	taxes	are	computed	using	the	asset	and	liability	method,	under	which	deferred	tax	assets	and	liabilities	are	determined	based	on	the
difference	between	the	financial	statement	and	tax	bases	of	assets	and	liabilities	using	enacted	tax	rates	in	effect	for	the	year	in	which	the	differences
are	expected	to	affect	taxable	income.	Valuation	allowances	are	established	when	necessary	to	reduce	deferred	tax	assets	to	the	amount	expected	to	be
realized.
57We	record	liabilities	related	to	uncertain	tax	positions	when,	despite	our	belief	t
hat	our	tax	return	positions	are	supportable,	we	believe	that	it	is
more	likely	than	not	that	those	positions	may	not	be	fully	sustained	upon	review	by	tax	authorities.	Accrued	interest	and	penalties	related	to
unrecognized	tax	benefits	are	classified	as	i
ncome	tax	expense.
Stock-based	Compensation
We	recognize	compensation	expense	for	costs	related	to	all	share-based	payments,	including	stock	options,	restricted	stock	units	(RSUs)	and	our
employee	stock	purchase	plan	(the	ESPP).	The	fair	value	of	stock	options	and	the	ESPP	are	estimated	on	the	grant	date	and	offering	date	using	an
option	pricing	model,	respectively.	The	fair	value	of	RSUs	is	measured	on	the	grant	date	based	on	the	closing	fair	market	value	of	our	common	stock.
Stock-based	compensation	expense	is	recognized	on	a	straight-line	basis	over	the	requisite	service	period,	net	of	estimated	forfeitures.
We	account	for	equity	instruments	issued	to	non-employees	based	on	the	fair	value	of	the	awards.	The	fair	value	of	the	awards	granted	to	non-
employees	is	re-measured	as	the	awards	vest	and	the	resulting	change	in	fair	value,	if	any,	is	recognized	in	the	consolidated	statements	of	operations
during	the	period	the	related	services	are	rendered.
For	performance-based	awards,	stock-based	compensation	expense	is	recognized	over	the	expected	performance	achievement	period	of
individual	performance	milestones	when	the	achievement	of	each	individual	performance	milestone	becomes	probable.
For	performance-based	awards	with	a	vesting	schedule	based	entirely	on	the	attainment	of	both	performance	and	market	conditions,	the	stock-
based	compensation	expense	is	recognized	for	each	pair	of	performance	and	market	conditions	over	the	longer	of	the	expected	achievement	period	of
the	performance	and	market	conditions,	beginning	at	the	point	in	time	that	the	relevant	performance	condition	is	considered	probable	of	being	met	(see
Note	10	–	
Equity	Incentive	Plans
).
Foreign	Currency
We	determine	the	functional	and	reporting	currency	of	each	of	our	international	subsidiaries	and	their	operating	divisions	based	on	the	primary
currency	in	which	they	operate.		In	cases	where	the	functional	currency	is	not	the	US	dollar,	we	will	recognize	a	cumulative	translation	adjustment
created	by	the	different	rates	we	apply	to	retained	earnings,	including	current	period	income	or	loss,	and	the	balance	sheet.		For	each	subsidiary,	we
apply	a	monthly	average	functional	currency	rate	to	their	income	or	loss	and	the	month	end	functional	currency	rate	to	translate	the	balance	sheet.		
Beginning	January	1,	2015,	the	functional	currency	of	each	of	our	foreign	subsidiaries	changed	to	their	local	country’s	currency.	This	change	was
based	on	the	culmination	of	facts	and	circumstances	that	have	developed	as	we	expanded	our	foreign	operations	over	the	past	year.	The	adjustment	of
$10.0	million	attributable	to	the	current	rate	translation	of	non-monetary	assets	as	of	the	date	of	the	change	is	included	in	accumulated	other
comprehensive	loss	on	our	consolidated	balance	sheet.
Foreign	currency	transaction	gains	and	losses	are	a	result	of	the	effect	of	exchange	rate	changes	on	transactions	denominated	in	currencies
other	than	the	functional	currency.	Transaction	gains	and	losses	are	recognized	in	other	income	(expense),	net,	in	the	consolidated	statements	of
operations.	For	the	year	ended	December	31,	2015,	2014,	and	2013	we	recorded	foreign	currency	transaction	gains	(loss)	of	($45.6)	million,	$2.0
million	and	$11.9	million.
Derivative	Financial	Instruments
In	November	2015,	we	implemented	a	program	to	hedge	the	foreign	currency	exposure	risk	related	to	certain	forecasted	inventory	purchases
denominated	in	Japanese	yen.		The	derivative	instruments	we	use	are	foreign	currency	forward	contracts	and	are	designated	as	cash	flow	hedges	with
maturity	dates	of	12	months	or	less.	We	do	not	enter	into	derivative	contracts	for	trading	or	speculative	purposes	(See	Note	3	-	
Financial	Instruments
).		
The	bank	counterparties	in	all	contracts	expose	Tesla	to	credit-related	losses	in	the	event	of	their	nonperformance.	However,	to	mitigate	that
risk,	Tesla	only	contracts	with	counterparties	who	meet	the	Company’s	minimum	requirements	under	its	counterparty	risk	assessment	process.	Tesla
monitors	ratings,	credit	spreads,	and	potential	downgrades	on	at	least	a	quarterly	basis.	Based	on	our	on-going	assessment	of	counterparty	risk,	the
Company	will	adjust	its	exposure	to	various	counterparties.	We	generally	enter	into	master	netting	arrangements,	which	reduce	credit	risk	by
permitting	net	settlement	of	transactions	with	the	same	counterparty.	However,	we	do	not	have	any	master	netting	arrangements	in	place	with
collateral	features.
Comprehensive	Loss
Comprehensive	loss	is	comprised	of	net	loss	and	other	comprehensive	income	(loss).	Other	comprehensive	income	(loss)	consists	of	unrealized
gains	and	losses	on	derivatives,	our	available-for-sale	marketable	securities,	and	foreign	currency	translation	adjustment	that	have	been	excluded	from
the	determination	of	net	loss.
58Warranties
We	provide	a	manufacturer’s	warranty	on	all	vehicles,	production	powertrain	components	and	systems,	and	Tesla	Energy	products	we	sell.		We
accrue	a	manufacturer’s	warranty	reserve	which	includes	our	best	estimate	of	the	projected	costs	to	repair	or	to	replace	items	under	warranty.	These
estimates	are	based	on	actual	claims	incurred	to-date	and	an	estimate	of	the	nature,	frequency	and	costs	of	future	claims.	These	estimates	are
inherently	uncertain	and	changes	to	our	historical	or	projected	warranty	experience	may	cause	material	changes	to	our	warranty	reserve	in	the	future.
The	portion	of	the	warranty	provision	expected	to	be	incurred	within	12	months	is	classified	as	current	within	accrued	liabilities,	while	the	remaining
amount	is	classified	as	long-term	within	other	long-term	liabilities.
Accrued	warranty	activity	consisted	of	the	following	for	the	periods	presented	(in	thousands):
	
	
	
Year	Ended	December	31,
	
	
	
2015
	
	
2014
	
	
2013
	
Accrued	warranty—beginning	of	period
	
$
129,043
	
	
$
53,182
	
	
$
13,013
	
Warranty	costs	incurred
	
	
(52,760
)
	
	
(39,903
)
	
	
(19,160
)
Net	changes	in	liability	for	pre-existing	warranties,
			including	expirations
	
	
1,470
	
	
	
18,599
	
	
	
(2,072
)
Provision	for	warranty
	
	
103,001
	
	
	
97,165
	
	
	
61,401
	
Accrued	warranty—end	of	period
	
$
180,754
	
	
$
129,043
	
	
$
53,182
	
Our	warranty	reserves	do	not	include	projected	warranty	costs	associated	with	our	vehicles	accounted	for	as	operating	leases	or	collateralized
debt	arrangements.	Costs	to	repair	these	vehicles	are	expensed	as	incurred.	For	the	twelve	months	ended	December	31,	2015,	and	December	31,	2014
warranty	costs	incurred	for	vehicles	accounted	for	as	operating	leases	or	collateralized	debt	arrangements	were	$9.5	million	and	$7.1	million.	Warranty
expense	is	recorded	as	a	component	of	cost	of	automotive	revenue.
	
Net	Loss	per	Share	of	Common	Stock
Our	basic	and	diluted	net	loss	per	share	of	common	stock	is	calculated	by	dividing	net	loss	by	the	weighted-average	shares	of	common	stock
outstanding	for	the	period.	Potentially	dilutive	shares,	which	are	based	on	the	number	of	shares	underlying	outstanding	stock	options	and	warrants	as
well	as	our	Notes,	are	not	included	when	their	effect	is	antidilutive.
The	following	table	presents	the	potential	weighted	common	shares	outstanding	that	were	excluded	from	the	computation	of	basic	and	diluted
net	loss	per	share	of	common	stock	for	the	periods,	related	to	the	following	securities:
	
	
	
Year	Ended	December	31,
	
	
	
2015
	
	
2014
	
	
2013
	
Employee	share	based	awards
	
	
15,592,736
	
	
	
14,729,749
	
	
	
13,904,875
	
Convertible	senior	notes
	
	
2,431,265
	
	
	
2,344,998
	
	
	
411,560
	
Warrants	issued	May	2013
	
	
1,049,791
	
	
	
921,985
	
	
	
—
	
DOE	warrant
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
1,061,439
	
Since	we	expect	to	settle	the	principal	amount	of	our	outstanding	convertible	senior	notes	in	cash,	we	use	the	treasury	stock	method	for
calculating	any	potential	dilutive	effect	of	the	conversion	spread	on	diluted	net	income	per	share,	if	applicable.	The	conversion	spread	will	have	a
dilutive	impact	on	diluted	net	income	per	share	of	common	stock	when	the	average	market	price	of	our	common	stock	for	a	given	period	exceeds	the
conversion	price	of	$124.52,	$359.87,	and	$359.87	per	share	for	the	2018	Notes,	2019	Notes	and	2021	Notes.
	
	
Note	3	-	Financial	Instruments
	
Fair	Value	Measurements
The	carrying	values	of	our	financial	instruments	including	cash	equivalents,	marketable	securities,	accounts	receivable	and	accounts	payable
approximate	their	fair	value	due	to	their	short-term	nature.	As	a	basis	for	determining	the	fair	value	of	certain	of	our	assets	and	liabilities,	we
established	a	three-tier	fair	value	hierarchy	which	prioritizes	the	inputs	used	in	measuring	fair	value	as	follows:	(Level	I)	observable	inputs	such	as
quoted	prices	in	active	markets;	(Level	II)	inputs	other	than	the	quoted	prices	in	active	markets	that	are	observable	either	directly	or	indirectly;	and
(Level	III)	unobservable	inputs	in	which	there	is	little	or	no	market	data	which	requires	us	to	develop	our	own	assumptions.	This	hierarchy	requires	us
to	use	observable	market	data,	when	available,	and	to	minimize	the	use	of	unobservable	inputs	when	determining	fair	value.	Our	financial	assets	that
are	measured	at	fair	value	on	a	recurring	basis	consist	of	cash	equivalents	and	marketable	securities.
59All	o
f	our	cash	equivalents	and	current	restricted	cash,	which	are	comprised	primarily	of	money	market	funds,	are	classified	within	Level	I	of	the
fair	value	hierarchy	because	they	are	valued	using	quoted	market	prices	or	market	prices	for	similar	securities.	O
ur	restricted	short-term	marketable
securities	are	classified	within	Level	I	of	the	fair	value	hierarchy
.
	
As	of	December	31,	2015	and	2014,	the	fair	value	hierarchy	for	our	financial	assets	and	financial	liabilities	that	are	carried	at	fair	value	was	as
follows	(in	thousands),	and	unrealized	gains	(losses)	on	financial	assets	presented	in	the	table	below	for	all	periods	presented	were	less	than	$1.0
million:
	
	
December	31,	2015
	
	
December	31,	2014
	
	
Fair	Value
	
	
Level	I
	
	
Level	II
	
	
Level	III
	
	
Fair	Value
	
	
Level	I
	
	
Level	II
	
	
Level
	
III
	
Money	market	funds
$
297,810
	
	
$
297,810
	
	
$
—
	
	
$
—
	
	
$
1,275,346
	
	
$
1,275,346
	
	
$
—
	
	
$
—
	
U.S.	treasury	bills
	
16,664
	
	
	
16,664
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
16,673
	
	
	
16,673
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
Total
$
314,474
	
	
$
314,474
	
	
$
—
	
	
$
—
	
	
$
1,292,019
	
	
$
1,292,019
	
	
$
—
	
	
$
—
	
	
As	of	December	31,	2015,	the	estimated	fair	value	of	our	2018	Notes,	2019	Notes,	and	2021	Notes	was	$1.29	billion	(par	value	$659.8	million),
$864.8	million	(par	value	$920.0	million),	and	$1.27	billion	(par	value	$1.38	billion).	As	of	December	31,	2014	the	estimated	fair	value	of	our	2018
Notes,	2019	Notes,	and	2021	Notes	was	$1.22	billion	(par	value	$659.8	million),	$852.2	million	(par	value	$920.0	million),	and	$1.25	billion	(par	value
$1.38	billion).	These	fair	values	represent	Level	II	valuations.	When	determining	the	estimated	fair	value	of	our	long-term	debt,	we	used	a	commonly
accepted	valuation	methodology	and	market-based	risk	measurements	that	are	indirectly	observable,	such	as	credit	risk.	As	of	December	31,	2015,	the
$135.0	million	carrying	value	of	our	Credit	Agreement	liability	approximates	the	fair	value	of	the	borrowings	based	upon	the	borrowing	rate	available	to
us	for	debt	with	similar	terms	and	consideration	of	credit	and	default	risk	using	Level	II	inputs.
	
Derivative	Financial	Instruments
In	November	2015,	we	implemented	a	program	to	hedge	the	foreign	currency	exposure	risk	related	to	certain	forecasted	inventory	purchases
denominated	in	Japanese	yen.	The	derivative	instruments	we	use	are	foreign	currency	forward	contracts	and	are	designated	as	cash	flow	hedges	with
maturity	dates	of	12	months	or	less.	We	do	not	enter	into	derivative	contracts	for	trading	or	speculative	purposes.
We	document	each	hedge	relationship	and	assess	its	initial	effectiveness	at	the	inception	of	the	hedge	contract	and	we	measure	its	ongoing
effectiveness	on	a	quarterly	basis	using	regression	analysis.	During	the	term	of	an	effective	hedge	contract,	we	record	gains	and	losses	within
accumulated	other	comprehensive	loss.	We	reclassify	these	gains	or	losses	to	costs	of	automotive	sales	in	the	period	the	related	finished	goods
inventory	is	sold	or	over	the	depreciation	period	for	those	sales	accounted	for	as	leases.	Although	our	contracts	are	considered	effective	hedges,	we	may
experience	small	amounts	of	ineffectiveness	due	to	timing	differences	between	our	actual	inventory	purchases	and	the	settlement	date	of	the	related
foreign	currency	forward	contracts.	We	have	recorded	zero	amount	of	ineffectiveness	within	other	income	(expense),	net	in	our	Consolidated
Statements	of	Operations,	as	of	December	31,	2015.
	
The	net	notional	amount	of	these	contracts	was	$322.6	million	at	December	31,	2015.	Outstanding	contracts	are	recognized	as	either	assets	or
liabilities	on	the	Consolidated	Balance	Sheet	at	fair	value	within	other	assets	or	within	accrued	liabilities,	depending	on	our	net	position.	The	net	gain	of
$7.3	million	in	accumulated	other	comprehensive	loss	as	of	December	31,	2015	is	expected	to	be	recognized	to	the	cost	basis	of	finished	goods
inventory	in	the	next	twelve	months.	The	total	fair	values	of	foreign	currency	contracts	designated	as	cash	flow	hedges	as	of	December	31,	2015	is	$7.3
million	and	was	determined	using	Level	II	inputs	and	recorded	in	prepaid	expenses	and	other	current	assets	on	our	Consolidated	Balance	Sheets.	No
amounts	have	been	reclassified	to	finished	goods	inventory	as	of	December	31,	2015.
	
	
	
	
Note	4	-	Inventory
As	of	December	31,	2015	and	2014,	our	inventory	consisted	of	the	following	(in	thousands):
	
	
	
December	31,
	
	
December	31,
	
	
	
2015
	
	
2014
	
Raw	materials
	
$
528,935
	
	
$
392,292
	
Work	in	process
	
	
163,830
	
	
	
56,114
	
Finished	goods
	
	
476,512
	
	
	
397,318
	
Service	parts
	
	
108,561
	
	
	
107,951
	
Total
	
$
1,277,838
	
	
$
953,675
	
	
Finished	goods	inventory	includes	vehicles	in	transit	to	fulfill	customer	orders,	new	vehicles	available	for	immediate	sale	at	our	retail	and	service
center	locations,	and	pre-owned	Tesla	vehicles.		The	increase	in	finished	goods	inventory	was	primarily	due	to	customer	orders	that	were	in	transit	for
delivery	at	year	end.
	
60We	write	down	inventory	as	a	result	of	excess	and	obsolete	inventories,	or	when	we	believe	that	the	net	realizable	value	of	inventories	is	less
than	the	carrying	value.	During	the	years	e
nded	December	31,	2015,	2014	and	2013,	we	recorded	write-downs	of	$44.9	million,	$15.6	million	and	$8.9
million	in	cost	of	automotive	sales.
	
	
Note	5	-	Property,	Plant	and	Equipment
As	of	December	31,	2015	and	2014,	our	property,	plant	and	equipment,	net,	consisted	of	the	following	(in	thousands):
	
	
	
December	31,
	
	
December	31,
	
	
	
2015
	
	
2014
	
Machinery,	equipment	and	office	furniture
	
$
1,694,910
	
	
$
720,746
	
Tooling
	
	
550,902
	
	
	
295,906
	
Leasehold	improvements
	
	
338,392
	
	
	
230,270
	
Building	and	building	improvements
	
	
461,303
	
	
	
154,362
	
Land
	
	
60,234
	
	
	
49,478
	
Computer	equipment	and	software
	
	
175,512
	
	
	
98,970
	
Construction	in	progress
	
	
693,207
	
	
	
572,125
	
	
	
	
3,974,460
	
	
	
2,121,857
	
Less:	Accumulated	depreciation	and	amortization
	
	
(571,126
)
	
	
(292,590
)
Total
	
$
3,403,334
	
	
$
1,829,267
	
	
Construction	in	progress	is	comprised	primarily	of	tooling	and	equipment	related	to	the	manufacturing	of	our	Model	S	and	Model	X	vehicles,
Gigafactory	construction,	and	related	capitalized	interest.	Completed	assets	are	transferred	to	their	respective	asset	class	and	depreciation	begins	when
the	asset	is	ready	for	its	intended	use.	Interest	expense	on	outstanding	debt	is	capitalized	during	the	period	of	significant	capital	asset	construction.
Capitalized	interest	on	construction	in	progress	is	included	in	property,	plant	and	equipment,	and	is	amortized	over	the	life	of	the	related	assets.	During
the	years	ended	December	31,	2015	and	2014,	we	capitalized	$41.5	million	and	$12.8	million	of	interest	expense.
We	are	sometimes	involved	in	construction	at	our	leased	facilities	primarily	related	to	retail	stores,	service	centers,	and	certain	manufacturing
facilities.	In	accordance	with	Accounting	Standards	Codification	840,	Leases,	for	build-to-suit	lease	arrangements	where	we	are	involved	in	the
construction	of	structural	improvements	prior	to	the	commencement	of	the	lease	or	take	some	level	of	construction	risk,	we	are	considered	the	owner	of
the	assets	and	land	during	the	construction	period.	Accordingly,	upon	commencement	of	our	construction	activities,	we	record	a	construction	in
progress	asset	and	a	corresponding	financing	liability.	Once	the	construction	is	completed,	if	the	lease	meets	certain	“sale-leaseback”	criteria,	we	will
remove	the	asset	and	related	financial	obligation	from	the	balance	sheet	and	treat	the	building	lease	as	an	operating	lease.	If	upon	completion	of
construction,	the	project	does	not	meet	the	“sale-leaseback”	criteria,	the	leased	property	will	be	treated	as	a	capital	lease	and	included	in	building	and
building	improvements	in	the	table	above.	As	of	December	31,	2015	and	December	31,	2014,	the	table	above	includes	$206.1	million	and	$52.4	million
of	build-to-suit	assets.	As	of	December	31,	2015	and	December	31,	2014,	corresponding	financing	obligations	of	$1.3	million	and	$21.0	million	are
recorded	in	accrued	liabilities	and	$201.3	million	and	$31.4	million	are	recorded	in	other	long-term	liabilities.
Depreciation	and	amortization	expense	during	the	years	ended	December	31,	2015,	2014	and	2013	were	$278.7	million,	$155.9	million	and
$83.9	million.	Total	property	and	equipment	assets	under	capital	lease	as	of	December	31,	2015	and	2014	were	$58.1	million	and	$33.4	million.
Accumulated	depreciation	related	to	assets	under	capital	lease	as	of	these	dates	were	$22.7	million	and	$12.8	million.
We	have	acquired	land	for	the	site	of	our	Gigafactory	and	construction	activities	are	ongoing	for	which	we	have	incurred	$317.5	million	and
$106.6	million	of	costs	as	of	December	31,	2015	and	2014.
	
	
Note	6	-	Accrued	Liabilities
	
As	of	December	31,	2015	and	2014,	our	accrued	liabilities	consisted	of	the	following	(in	thousands):
	
	
	
December	31,
	
	
December	31,
	
	
	
2015
	
	
2014
	
Taxes	payable
	
$
101,206
	
	
$
71,229
	
Accrued	purchases
	
	
140,540
	
	
	
68,547
	
Payroll	and	related	costs
	
	
86,859
	
	
	
54,492
	
Warranty	and	other
	
	
94,193
	
	
	
74,615
	
Total
	
$
422,798
	
	
$
268,883
	
	
61Taxes	payable	includes	
v
alue	
a
dded	
t
ax,	sales	tax,	property	tax,	and	income	tax	payables.		
Accrued	purchases	reflect	liabilities	related	to	the	construction	of	the	Gigafactory,	and	engineering	design	and	testing	accruals.	As	these	services
are	invoiced,	this	balance	will	reduce	and	accounts	payable	will	increase.
	
	
Note	7	-	Customer	Deposits
Customer	deposits	include	cash	payments	from	customers	at	the	time	they	place	an	order	for	a	vehicle	and	additional	payments	up	to	the	point	of
delivery	including	the	fair	value	of	customer	trade-in	vehicles	that	are	applicable	toward	a	new	vehicle	purchase.	Customer	deposit	amounts	and	timing
vary	depending	on	the	vehicle	model	and	country	of	delivery.	Customer	deposits	are	fully	refundable	up	to	the	point	the	vehicle	is	placed	into	the
production	cycle.	Customer	deposits	are	included	in	current	liabilities	until	refunded	or	until	they	are	applied	to	a	customer’s	purchase	balance	at	time
of	delivery.
As	of	December	31,	2015	and	2014,	we	held	$283.4	million	and	$257.6	million	in	customer	deposits.
	
	
Note	8	-	Convertible	Notes	and	Long-term	Debt	Obligations
0.25%	and	1.25%	Convertible	Senior	Notes	and	Bond	Hedge	and	Warrant	Transactions
In	March	2014,	we	issued	$800.0	million	principal	amount	of	0.25%	convertible	senior	notes	due	2019	(2019	Notes)	and	$1.20	billion	principal
amount	of	1.25%	convertible	senior	notes	due	2021	(2021	Notes)	in	a	public	offering.	In	April	2014,	we	issued	an	additional	$120.0	million	aggregate
principal	amount	of	2019	Notes	and	$180.0	million	aggregate	principal	amount	of	2021	Notes,	pursuant	to	the	exercise	in	full	of	the	overallotment
options	of	the	underwriters	of	our	March	2014	public	offering.	The	total	net	proceeds	from	these	offerings,	after	deducting	transaction	costs,	were
approximately	$905.8	million	from	2019	Notes	and	$1.36	billion	from	2021	Notes.	We	incurred	$14.2	million	and	$21.4	million	of	debt	issuance	costs	in
connection	with	the	2019	Notes	and	the	2021	Notes,	which	we	initially	recorded	in	other	assets	and	are	amortizing	to	interest	expense	using	the
effective	interest	method	over	the	contractual	terms	of	these	notes.	The	interest	rates	are	fixed	at	0.25%	and	1.25%	per	annum	and	are	payable	semi-
annually	in	arrears	on	March	1	and	September	1	of	each	year,	commencing	on	September	1,	2014.
	
Each	$1,000	of	principal	of	these	notes	will	initially	be	convertible	into	2.7788	shares	of	our	common	stock,	which	is	equivalent	to	an	initial
conversion	price	of	approximately	$359.87	per	share,	subject	to	adjustment	upon	the	occurrence	of	specified	events.	Holders	of	these	notes	may	convert
their	notes	at	their	option	on	or	after	December	1,	2018	for	the	2019	Notes	and	on	or	after	December	1,	2020	for	the	2021	Notes.	Further,	holders	of
these	notes	may	convert	their	notes	at	their	option	prior	to	the	respective	dates	above,	only	under	the	following	circumstances:	(1)	during	any	fiscal
quarter	beginning	after	the	fiscal	quarter	ending	June	30,	2014,	if	the	last	reported	sale	price	of	our	common	stock	for	at	least	20	trading	days	(whether
or	not	consecutive)	during	the	last	30	consecutive	trading	days	of	immediately	preceding	fiscal	quarter	is	greater	than	or	equal	to	130%	of	the
conversion	price	of	the	applicable	notes	on	each	applicable	trading	day;	(2)	during	the	five	business	day	period	following	any	five	consecutive	trading
day	period	in	which	the	trading	price	for	the	applicable	notes	is	less	than	98%	of	the	average	of	the	closing	sale	price	of	our	common	stock	for	each	day
during	such	five	trading	day	period;	or	(3)	if	we	make	specified	distributions	to	holders	of	our	common	stock	or	if	specified	corporate	transactions	occur.
Upon	conversion	of	the	2019	Notes,	we	would	pay	or	deliver	as	applicable,	cash,	shares	of	our	common	stock	or	a	combination	of	cash	and	shares	of	our
common	stock,	at	our	election.	Upon	conversion	of	the	2021	Notes,	we	would	pay	the	holders	in	cash	for	the	principal	amount	and,	if	applicable,	shares
of	our	common	stock	(subject	to	our	right	to	deliver	cash	in	lieu	of	all	or	a	portion	of	such	shares	of	our	common	stock)	based	on	a	daily	conversion
value.	If	a	fundamental	change	occurs	prior	to	the	maturity	date,	holders	of	these	notes	may	require	us	to	repurchase	all	or	a	portion	of	their	notes	for
cash	at	a	repurchase	price	equal	to	100%	of	the	principal	amount	of	the	notes,	plus	any	accrued	and	unpaid	interest.	In	addition,	if	specific	corporate
events	occur	prior	to	the	applicable	maturity	date,	we	will	increase	the	conversion	rate	for	a	holder	who	elects	to	convert	their	notes	in	connection	with
such	a	corporate	event	in	certain	circumstances.	During	the	fourth	quarter	of	2015,	the	closing	price	of	our	common	stock	did	not	meet	or	exceed	130%
of	the	applicable	conversion	price	of	our	2019	Notes	and	2021	Notes	on	at	least	20	of	the	last	30	consecutive	trading	days	of	the	quarter;	furthermore,
no	other	conditions	allowing	holders	of	these	notes	to	convert	have	been	met	as	of	December	31,	2015.	Therefore,	the	2019	Notes	and	2021	Notes	are
not	convertible	during	the	first	quarter	of	2016	and	are	classified	as	long-term	debt.	Should	the	closing	price	conditions	be	met	in	the	first	quarter	of
2015	or	a	future	quarter,	the	2019	and/or	the	2021	Notes	will	be	convertible	at	their	holders’	option	during	the	immediately	following	quarter.	As	of
December	31,	2015,	the	if-converted	value	of	the	2019	Notes	and	2021	Notes	did	not	exceed	the	principal	value	of	those	notes.
	
In	accordance	with	accounting	guidance	on	embedded	conversion	features,	we	valued	and	bifurcated	the	conversion	option	associated	with	the
notes	from	the	respective	host	debt	instrument	and	initially	recorded	the	conversion	option	of	$188.1	million	for	the	2019	Notes	and	$369.4	million	for
the	2021	Notes	in	stockholders’	equity.	The	resulting	debt	discounts	on	the	2019	Notes	and	2021	Notes	are	being	amortized	to	interest	expense	at	an
effective	interest	rate	of	4.89%	and	5.96%,	respectively,	over	the	contractual	terms	of	the	notes.		
	
62In	connection	with	the	offering	of	these	notes	in	March	2014,	we	entered	into	convertible	note	hedge	transactions	whereby	we	have	the	option	to
purchase	initially	(subject	to	adjustment	for	certain	specified	events)	a	total	o
f	approximately	5.6	million	shares	of	our	common	stock	at	a	price	of
approximately	$359.87	per	share.	The	total	cost	of	the	convertible	note	hedge	transactions	was	$524.7	million.	In	addition,	we	sold	warrants	whereby
the	holders	of	the	warrants	have	the	o
ption	to	purchase	initially	(subject	to	adjustment	for	certain	specified	events)	a	total	of	approximately	2.2	million
shares	of	our	common	stock	at	a	price	of	$512.66	for	the	2019	Notes	and	a	total	of	approximately	3.3	million	shares	of	our	common	stock	at
	a	price	of
$560.64	per	share	for	2021	Notes.	We	received	$338.4	million	in	cash	proceeds	from	the	sale	of	these	warrants.	Similarly,	in	connection	with	the
issuance	of	additional	notes	in	April	2014,	we	entered	into	convertible	note	hedge	transactions	and
	paid	an	aggregate	$78.7	million.	In	addition,	we	sold
warrants	to	purchase	(subject	to	adjustment	for	certain	specified	events)	a	total	of	approximately	0.3	million	shares	of	our	common	stock	at	a	strike
price	of	$512.66	per	share	for	the	warrants	relatin
g	to	2019	Notes,	and	a	total	of	approximately	0.5	million	shares	of	our	common	stock	at	a	strike	price
of	$560.64	per	share	for	the	warrants	relating	to	2021	Notes.	We	received	aggregate	proceeds	of	approximately	$50.8	million	from	the	sale	of	the
warrants
.	Taken	together,	the	purchase	of	the	convertible	note	hedges	and	the	sale	of	warrants	are	intended	to	offset	any	actual	dilution	from	the
conversion	of	these	notes	and	to	effectively	increase	the	overall	conversion	price	from	$359.87	to	$512.66	per	share	
in	the	case	of	warrants	relating	to
2019	Notes	and	from	$359.87	to	$560.64	in	the	case	of	warrants	relating	to	2021	Notes.	As	these	transactions	meet	certain	accounting	criteria,	the
convertible	note	hedges	and	warrants	are	recorded	in	stockholders’	equity
	and	are	not	accounted	for	as	derivatives.	The	net	cost	incurred	in	connection
with	the	convertible	note	hedge	and	warrant	transactions	was	recorded	as	a	reduction	to	additional	paid-in	capital	on	the	consolidated	balance	sheet	as
of	December	31,	2015.
1.50%	Convertible	Senior	Notes	and	Bond	Hedge	and	Warrant	Transactions
In	May	2013,	we	issued	$660.0	million	aggregate	principal	amount	of	2018	Notes	in	a	public	offering.	The	net	proceeds	from	the	offering,	after
deducting	transaction	costs,	were	approximately	$648.0	million.	We	incurred	$12.0	million	of	debt	issuance	costs	in	connection	with	the	issuance	of	the
2018	Notes	which	we	recorded	in	other	assets	and	are	amortizing	to	interest	expense	using	the	effective	interest	method	over	the	contractual	term	of
the	2018	Notes.	The	interest	under	the	2018	Notes	is	fixed	at	1.50%	per	annum	and	is	payable	semi-annually	in	arrears	on	June	1	and	December	1	of
each	year,	commencing	on	December	1,	2013.		
	
Each	$1,000	of	principal	of	the	2018	Notes	will	initially	be	convertible	into	8.0306	shares	of	our	common	stock,	which	is	equivalent	to	an	initial
conversion	price	of	approximately	$124.52	per	share,	subject	to	adjustment	upon	the	occurrence	of	specified	events.	Holders	of	the	2018	Notes	may
convert	their	2018	Notes	at	their	option	on	or	after	March	1,	2018.	Further,	holders	of	the	2018	Notes	may	convert	their	2018	Notes	at	their	option
prior	to	March	1,	2018,	only	under	the	following	circumstances:	(1)	during	any	fiscal	quarter	beginning	after	the	fiscal	quarter	ending	September	30,
2013,	if	the	last	reported	sale	price	of	our	common	stock	for	at	least	20	trading	days	(whether	or	not	consecutive)	during	the	last	30	consecutive	trading
days	of	the	immediately	preceding	fiscal	quarter	is	greater	than	or	equal	to	130%	of	the	conversion	price	on	each	applicable	trading	day;	(2)	during	the
five	business	day	period	following	any	five	consecutive	trading	day	period	in	which	the	trading	price	for	the	2018	Notes	is	less	than	98%	of	the	average
of	the	closing	sale	price	of	our	common	stock	for	each	day	during	such	five	trading	day	period;	or	(3)	if	we	make	specified	distributions	to	holders	of	our
common	stock	or	if	specified	corporate	transactions	occur.	Upon	conversion,	we	would	pay	the	holders	in	cash	for	the	principal	amount	of	the	2018
Notes	and,	if	applicable,	shares	of	our	common	stock	(subject	to	our	right	to	deliver	cash	in	lieu	of	all	or	a	portion	of	such	shares	of	our	common	stock)
based	on	a	calculated	daily	conversion	value.	If	a	fundamental	change	occurs	prior	to	the	maturity	date,	holders	of	the	2018	Notes	may	require	us	to
repurchase	all	or	a	portion	of	their	2018	Notes	for	cash	at	a	repurchase	price	equal	to	100%	of	the	principal	amount	of	the	2018	Notes,	plus	any
accrued	and	unpaid	interest.	In	addition,	if	specific	corporate	events	occur	prior	to	the	maturity	date,	we	will	increase	the	conversion	rate	for	a	holder
who	elects	to	convert	its	2018	Notes	in	connection	with	such	a	corporate	event	in	certain	circumstances.
	
In	accordance	with	accounting	guidance	on	embedded	conversion	features,	we	valued	and	bifurcated	the	conversion	option	associated	with	the
2018	Notes	from	the	host	debt	instrument	and	recorded	the	conversion	option	of	$82.8	million	in	stockholders’	equity.	The	resulting	debt	discount	on
the	2018	Notes	is	being	amortized	to	interest	expense	at	an	effective	interest	rate	of	4.29%	over	the	contractual	term	of	the	2018	Notes.
	
In	connection	with	the	offering	of	the	2018	Notes,	we	entered	into	convertible	note	hedge	transactions	whereby	we	have	the	option	to	purchase
initially	(subject	to	certain	specified	events)	a	total	of	approximately	5.3	million	shares	of	our	common	stock	at	a	price	of	approximately	$124.52	per	share.
The	cost	of	the	convertible	note	hedge	transactions	was	$177.5	million.	In	addition,	we	sold	warrants	whereby	the	holders	of	the	warrants	have	the	option
to	purchase	initially	(subject	to	certain	specified	events)	a	total	of	approximately	5.3	million	shares	of	our	common	stock	at	a	price	of	$184.48	per	share.
We	received	$120.3	million	in	cash	proceeds	from	the	sale	of	these	warrants.	Taken	together,	the	purchase	of	the	convertible	note	hedges	and	the	sale	of
warrants	are	intended	to	offset	any	actual	dilution	from	the	conversion	of	the	2018	Notes	and	to	effectively	increase	the	overall	conversion	price	from
$124.52	to	$184.48	per	share.	As	these	transactions	meet	certain	accounting	criteria,	the	convertible	note	hedges	and	warrants	are	recorded	in
stockholders’	equity	and	are	not	accounted	for	as	derivatives.	The	net	cost	incurred	in	connection	with	the	convertible	note	hedge	and	warrant
transactions	was	recorded	as	a	reduction	to	additional	paid-in	capital	on	the	consolidated	balance	sheet	as	of	December	31,	2015.
63During	the	fourth	quarter	of	2015,	the	closing	price	of	our	common	stock	exceeded	130%	of	the	applicable	conversion	price	of	our	2018	Notes	on
at	least	20	of	the	last	30	consecutive	trading	days	of	the	
quarter;	therefore,	holders	of	2018	Notes	may	convert	their	notes	during	the	first	quarter	of
2016.	As	such,	we	classified	the	$617.7	million	carrying	value	of	our	2018	Notes	as	current	liabilities	and	classified	$42.1	million,	representing	the
difference	
between	the	aggregate	principal	of	our	2018	Notes	of	$659.8	million	and	the	carrying	value	of	2018	Notes,	as	mezzanine	equity	on	our
consolidated	balance	sheet	as	of	December	31,	2015.	Similarly,	debt	issuance	costs	were	classified	as	other	current	assets	
as	of	December	31,	2015.
Should	the	closing	price	conditions	be	met	in	the	first	quarter	of	2016	or	a	future	quarter,	2018	Notes	will	be	convertible	at	their	holders’	option	during
the	immediately	following	quarter.
Convertible	Senior	Notes	Carrying	Value	and	Interest	Expense
In	accordance	with	accounting	guidance	on	embedded	conversion	features,	we	valued	and	bifurcated	the	conversion	option	associated	with	the
Notes	from	the	respective	host	debt	instrument	and	initially	recorded	the	conversion	option	for	the	2018	Notes,	2019	Notes,	and	2021	Notes	in
stockholders’	equity.	The	resulting	debt	discounts	on	the	2018	Notes,	2019	Notes,	and	2021	Notes	are	being	amortized	to	interest	expense	at	the
effective	interest	rate	over	the	contractual	terms	of	the	Notes.
	
	
	
December	31,	2015
	
	
December	31,	2014
	
	
	
2018	Notes
	
	
2019	Notes
	
	
2021	Notes
	
	
2018	Notes
	
	
2019	Notes
	
	
2021	Notes
	
	
	
(in	thousands,	except	years	and	percentages)
	
Carrying	value
	
$
617,716
	
	
$
795,405
	
	
$
1,092,748
	
	
$
601,566
	
	
$
759,891
	
	
$
1,046,627
	
Unamortized	discount
	
	
42,045
	
	
	
124,595
	
	
	
287,252
	
	
	
58,196
	
	
	
160,109
	
	
	
333,373
	
Principal	amount
	
$
659,761
	
	
$
920,000
	
	
$
1,380,000
	
	
$
659,762
	
	
$
920,000
	
	
$
1,380,000
	
Remaining	amortization	period	(years)
	
	
2.4
	
	
	
3.2
	
	
	
5.2
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Effective	interest	rate	on	liability	component
	
	
4.29
%
	
	
4.89
%
	
	
5.96
%
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Carrying	amount	of	equity	component
	
$
82,800
	
	
$
188,100
	
	
$
369,400
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
If	converted	value	in	excess	of	par	value
	
$
611,898
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Full	Repayment	of	Department	of	Energy	Loan	Facility
On	January	20,	2010,	we	entered	into	a	loan	facility	with	the	Federal	Financing	Bank	(FFB),	and	the	DOE,	pursuant	to	the	Advanced	Technology
Vehicles	Manufacturing	(ATVM)	Incentive	Program.	In	May	2013,	in	connection	with	the	closing	of	our	offerings	of	common	stock	and	Notes,	we	paid
$451.8	million	to	settle	all	outstanding	loan	amounts	of	$441.0	million,	including	principal	and	interest,	as	well	as	an	early	repayment	penalty	of	$10.8
million	which	was	recorded	in	interest	expense	for	the	year	ended	December	31,	2013.	Upon	termination	of	the	DOE	Loan	Facility,	$29.3	million	held	in
this	dedicated	account	was	released	by	the	DOE.
	
As	a	result	of	our	repayment	of	all	outstanding	principal	and	interest	under	the	DOE	Loan	Facility	and	the	termination	of	the	DOE	Loan	Facility
in	May	2013,	the	DOE	warrant	expired.	As	such,	we	recognized	other	income	for	the	change	in	the	fair	value	of	the	DOE	warrant	in	the	amount	of
$10.7	million	for	the	year	ended	December	31,	2013.	Additionally,	we	amortized	all	remaining	unamortized	debt	issuance	costs	of	$5.8	million	related	to
the	DOE	Loan	Facility	to	interest	expense	for	the	year	ended	December	31,	2013.
Warehouse	line	of	credit
In	March	2015,	we	entered	into	a	loan	and	security	agreement	(the	“Warehouse	Facility”)	for	a	secured	asset	based	line	of	credit	for	a	principal
amount	up	to	$100	million.	In	June	2015,	we	amended	the	Warehouse	Facility	for	an	additional	principal	amount	of	$50	million,	for	a	total	of	up	to	$150
million.	Obligations	under	the	Warehouse	Facility	were	secured	by	certain	of	our	lease	contracts	with	Tesla	directly	and	the	related	leased	vehicles.	In
connection	with	the	Warehouse	Facility,	we	sold	the	beneficial	interest	in	such	lease	contracts	and	related	vehicles	to	a	wholly	owned	special	purpose
entity	that	is	the	borrower	in	the	Warehouse	Facility,	which	pledged	such	beneficial	interest	in	the	underlying	assets	to	the	third-party	lender	under	the
Warehouse	Facility.	Borrowings	under	the	Warehouse	Facility	are	generally	limited	to	up	to	72%	of	the	net	present	value	of	the	remaining	lease
payments	and	the	residual	vehicle	values	under	eligible	lease	contracts.
Interest	was	payable	monthly	on	amounts	borrowed	under	the	Warehouse	Facility	at	a	variable	rate	of	LIBOR	plus	1.65%	and	on	undrawn
amounts	at	a	rate	of	0.5%.	The	Warehouse	facility	would	have	matured	in	March	2017,	at	which	time	all	outstanding	borrowing	would	become	due.
Prior	to	that	date,	principal	payments	were	due	in	the	amount	that	the	borrowing	limit	decreased	below	our	outstanding	principal	balance.	As	of
December	31,	2015,	we	had	repaid	all	borrowings	under	the	Warehouse	Facility	and	terminated	it.
	
64Asset-Based	Credit	Agreement
	
In	June	2015,	we	entered	into	a	senior	secured	asset-based	revolving	credit	agreement	(the	“Credit	Agreement”)	with	a	syndicate	of	banks,	which
we	amended	as	of	November	3,	2015.	The	Credit	Agreement	provides	for	a	senior	secured	asset-based	revolving	credit	facility	(the	“Credit	Facility”),
which	we	may	draw	upon	as	needed.	In	October,	lenders	increased	their	total	funding	commitments	to	us	under	the	Credit	Facility	by	up	to	an
additional	$250.0	million,	subject	to	certain	conditions,	for	total	commitments	up	to	$750	million.	In	addition,	the	Credit	Agreement	provides	for	a
$200.0	million	letter	of	credit	sub-facility	and	a	$40.0	million	swing-line	loan	sub-facility.	The	Credit	Agreement	is	collateralized	by	a	pledge	of	certain	of
our	accounts	receivable,	inventory,	and	equipment,	and	availability	under	the	Credit	Agreement	is	based	on	the	value	of	such	assets,	as	reduced	by
certain	reserves.	In	February	2016,	we	amended	the	Credit	Agreement	and	increased	the	availability	and	the	commitments	under	the	Credit	Agreement
from	$750.0	million	to	$1.0	billion.
	
Borrowed	funds	bear	interest,	at	our	option,	at	an	annual	rate	of	(a)	1%	plus	LIBOR	or	(b)	the	highest	of	(i)	the	federal	funds	rate	plus	0.50%,	(ii)
the	lenders	“prime	rate”	or	(iii)	1%	plus	LIBOR.	The	fee	for	undrawn	amounts	is	0.25%	per	annum.	Interest	is	payable	quarterly.	The	Credit	Agreement
terminates,	and	all	outstanding	loans	become	due	and	payable,	in	June	2020.	
As	of	December	31,	2015,	we	had	$135.0	million	borrowings	under	the
Credit	Facility.
	
We	are	required	to	meet	various	covenants,	including	meeting	certain	reporting	requirements,	such	as	the	completion	and	presentation	of
audited	consolidated	financial	statements	for	our	borrowings.	As	of	December	31,	2015	we	were	in	compliance	with	all	covenants	contained	in	the
Credit	Agreement.
Pledged	Assets
As	of	December	31,	2015	and	2014,	we	have	pledged	or	restricted	$1.43	billion	and	$29.3	million	principally	from	finished	goods	and	raw
materials	inventory,	as	well	as	certain	property	and	equipment,	direct	lease	vehicles,	receivables	and	cash	as	collateral	for	letters	of	credit	including	our
Asset-based	credit	arrangement,	real	estate	leases,	and	insurance	policies.
Interest	Expense
The	following	table	presents	the	aggregate	amount	of	interest	expense	recognized	on	the	Warehouse	Facility,	Credit	Agreement,	2018	Notes,
2019	Notes,	and	2021	Notes	relating	to	the	contractual	interest	coupon	and	amortization	of	the	debt	issuance	costs	and	debt	discount.
	
	
	
2015
	
	
2014
	
	
2013
	
Contractual	interest	coupon
	
$
32,061
	
	
$
26,019
	
	
$
5,938
	
Amortization	of	debt	issuance	costs
	
	
8,102
	
	
	
5,288
	
	
	
1,207
	
Amortization	of	debt	discount
	
	
97,786
	
	
	
79,479
	
	
	
9,143
	
Total
	
$
137,949
	
	
$
110,786
	
	
$
16,288
	
	
	
Note	9	-	Common	Stock
In	October	2012,	we	completed	a	follow-on	offering	of	common	stock	in	which	we	sold	a	total	of	7,964,601	shares	of	our	common	stock	and
received	cash	proceeds	of	$222.1	million	(which	included	35,398	shares	or	$1.0	million	sold	to	our	CEO)	from	this	transaction,	net	of	underwriting
discounts	and	offering	costs.
In	May	2013,	we	completed	a	public	offering	of	common	stock	and	sold	a	total	of	3,902,862	shares	of	our	common	stock	for	total	cash	proceeds
of	approximately	$355.1	million	(which	included	487,857	shares	or	$45.0	million	sold	to	our	CEO),	net	of	underwriting	discounts	and	offering	costs.	We
also	sold	596,272	shares	of	our	common	stock	to	our	CEO	and	received	total	cash	proceeds	of	$55.0	million	in	a	private	placement	at	the	public	offering
price.	Concurrent	with	these	equity	transactions,	we	also	issued	$660.0	million	principal	amount	of	1.50%	convertible	senior	notes	in	a	public	offering
and	received	total	cash	proceeds	of	approximately	$648.0	million,	net	of	underwriting	discounts	and	offering	costs	(see	Note	8	–	
Convertible	Notes	and
Long-Term	Debt	Obligations
).
In	August	2015,	we	completed	a	public	offering	of	common	stock	and	sold	a	total	of	3,099,173	shares	of	our	common	stock	for	total	cash
proceeds	of	approximately	$738.3	million	(which	includes	82,645	shares	or	$20.0	million	sold	to	our	CEO,	net	of	underwriting	discounts	and	offering
costs.
	
	
65Note	10
	-	
Equity	Incentive	Plans
In	July	2003,	we	adopted	the	2003	Equity	Incentive	Plan.	Concurrent	with	the	effectiveness	of	our	registration	statement	on	Form	S-1	on	June	28,
2010,	we	adopted	the	2010	Equity	Incentive	Plan	(the	Plan)	and	all	remaining	common	shares	reserved	for	future	grant	or	issuance	under	the	2003
Equity	Incentive	Plan	were	added	to	the	2010	Equity	Incentive	Plan.	The	Plan	provides	for	the	granting	of	stock	options,	RSUs	and	stock	purchase
rights	to	our	employees,	directors	and	consultants.	Options	granted	under	the	Plan	may	be	either	incentive	options	or	nonqualified	stock	options.
Incentive	stock	options	may	be	granted	only	to	our	employees	including	officers	and	directors.	Nonqualified	stock	options	and	stock	purchase	rights
may	be	granted	to	our	employees	and	consultants.	Generally,	our	stock	options	and	RSUs	vest	over	four	years	and	are	exercisable	over	a	period	not	to
exceed	the	contractual	term	of	ten	years	from	the	date	the	stock	options	are	granted.	Continued	vesting	typically	terminates	when	the	employment	or
consulting	relationship	ends.	As	of	December	31,	2015,	22,454,854	shares	of	common	stock	were	reserved	for	issuance	under	the	Plan.
	
The	following	table	summarizes	stock	option	and	RSU	activity	under	the	Plan:
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Outstanding	Stock	Options
	
	
Outstanding	RSUs
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Weighted
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Weighted
	
	
	
	
	
	
Average	Grant
	
	
	
Shares	Available
	
	
Number	of
	
	
Average
	
	
Number
	
	
Date	Fair
	
	
	
for	Grant
	
	
Options
	
	
Exercise	Price
	
	
of	RSUs
	
	
Value
	
Balance,	December	31,	2012
	
	
469,531
	
	
	
25,007,776
	
	
	
21.20
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
Additional	options	reserved
	
	
3,426,428
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
Granted
	
	
(3,345,899
)
	
	
2,643,821
	
	
	
74.17
	
	
	
702,078
	
	
	
155.51
	
Exercised
	
	
—
	
	
	
(3,852,673
)
	
	
21.42
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
Cancelled
	
	
1,170,445
	
	
	
(1,157,982
)
	
	
36.47
	
	
	
(12,463
)
	
	
154.92
	
Released
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
(12,031
)
	
	
160.98
	
Balance,	December	31,	2013
	
	
1,720,505
	
	
	
22,640,942
	
	
	
26.70
	
	
	
677,584
	
	
	
155.41
	
Additional	options	reserved
	
	
3,077,274
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
Granted
	
	
(2,525,246
)
	
	
1,432,171
	
	
	
181.56
	
	
	
1,093,075
	
	
	
223.66
	
Exercised
	
	
—
	
	
	
(2,266,697
)
	
	
31.80
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
Cancelled
	
	
556,765
	
	
	
(433,456
)
	
	
56.25
	
	
	
(123,309
)
	
	
187.90
	
Released
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
(167,240
)
	
	
155.70
	
Traded	for	taxes
	
	
6,786
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
Balance,	December	31,	2014
	
	
2,836,084
	
	
	
21,372,960
	
	
$
35.93
	
	
	
1,480,110
	
	
$
203.08
	
Granted
	
	
(2,728,110
)
	
	
1,102,190
	
	
$
243.22
	
	
	
1,625,920
	
	
$
229.54
	
Exercised
	
	
—
	
	
	
(2,012,646
)
	
	
34.32
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
Cancelled
	
	
708,797
	
	
	
(447,324
)
	
	
96.70
	
	
	
(261,473
)
	
	
211.66
	
Released
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
(404,883
)
	
	
233.30
	
Traded	for	taxes
	
	
14
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
	
	
Balance,	December	31,	2015
	
	
816,785
	
	
	
20,015,180
	
	
$
46.14
	
	
	
2,439,674
	
	
$
219.90
	
Additional	information	regarding	all	stock	options	outstanding	and	exercisable	as	of	December	31,	2015	is	summarized	below:
	
	
	
Options	Outstanding
	
	
Options	Exercisable
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Weighted
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Weighted
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Average
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Average
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Weighted
	
	
Remaining
	
	
	
	
	
	
Weighted
	
	
Remaining
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Average
	
	
Contractual
	
	
	
	
	
	
Average
	
	
Contractual
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Exercise
	
	
Life	(in
	
	
	
	
	
	
Exercise
	
	
Life	(in
	
Range	of	Exercise	Price
	
Number
	
	
Price
	
	
years)
	
	
Number
	
	
Price
	
	
years)
	
$2.70	-	$6.15
	
	
195,706
	
	
$
3.05
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
195,706
	
	
$
3.05
	
	
	
	
	
$6.63	-	$6.63
	
	
6,915,441
	
	
	
6.63
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
6,915,142
	
	
	
6.63
	
	
	
	
	
$9.96	-	$30.06
	
	
2,049,342
	
	
	
25.13
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
1,917,003
	
	
	
24.89
	
	
	
	
	
$30.08	-	$31.07
	
	
294,030
	
	
	
30.77
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
236,557
	
	
	
30.70
	
	
	
	
	
$31.17	-	$31.17
	
	
5,517,405
	
	
	
31.17
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
2,279,381
	
	
	
31.17
	
	
	
	
	
$31.49	-	$41.83
	
	
2,007,717
	
	
	
34.28
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
1,531,818
	
	
	
33.60
	
	
	
	
	
$87.80	-	$241.93
	
	
2,238,944
	
	
	
165.32
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
648,292
	
	
	
146.31
	
	
	
	
	
$250.69	-	$261.89
	
	
736,616
	
	
	
257.36
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
96,232
	
	
	
259.50
	
	
	
	
	
$262.16	-	$262.16
	
	
44,012
	
	
	
262.16
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
	
	
$282.11	-	$282.11
	
	
15,967
	
	
	
282.11
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
5,500
	
	
	
282.11
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
20,015,180
	
	
$
46.13
	
	
	
4.55
	
	
	
13,825,631
	
	
$
24.98
	
	
	
3.36
	
66Additional	information	regarding	all	stock	options	outstanding	and	exercisable	as	of	December	31,	2014	is	summarized	below:
	
	
	
Options	Outstanding
	
	
Options	Exercisable
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Weighted
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Weighted
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Average
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Average
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Weighted
	
	
Remaining
	
	
	
	
	
	
Weighted
	
	
Remaining
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Average
	
	
Contractual
	
	
	
	
	
	
Average
	
	
Contractual
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Exercise
	
	
Life	(in
	
	
	
	
	
	
Exercise
	
	
Life	(in
	
Range	of	Exercise	Price
	
Number
	
	
Price
	
	
years)
	
	
Number
	
	
Price
	
	
years)
	
$2.70	-	$6.15
	
	
329,072
	
	
$
3.13
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
327,696
	
	
$
3.13
	
	
	
	
	
$6.63	-	$6.63
	
	
7,030,489
	
	
	
6.63
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
7,029,293
	
	
	
6.63
	
	
	
	
	
$9.96	-	$28.45
	
	
2,183,386
	
	
	
23.87
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
1,779,133
	
	
	
23.19
	
	
	
	
	
$29.12	-	$31.07
	
	
1,105,021
	
	
	
30.00
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
606,484
	
	
	
30.00
	
	
	
	
	
$31.17	-	$31.17
	
	
5,611,130
	
	
	
31.17
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
663,860
	
	
	
31.17
	
	
	
	
	
$31.49	-	$38.42
	
	
2,376,417
	
	
	
33.25
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
1,167,109
	
	
	
32.82
	
	
	
	
	
$39.10	-	$179.72
	
	
2,140,496
	
	
	
111.51
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
379,519
	
	
	
94.50
	
	
	
	
	
$184.67	-	$259.32
	
	
498,658
	
	
	
233.06
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
84
	
	
	
198.09
	
	
	
	
	
$259.94	-	$259.94
	
	
72,333
	
	
	
259.94
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
4,332
	
	
	
259.94
	
	
	
	
	
$282.11	-	$282.11
	
	
25,958
	
	
	
282.11
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
21,372,960
	
	
	
35.93
	
	
	
5.48
	
	
	
11,957,510
	
	
	
12.37
	
	
	
3.63
	
The	aggregate	intrinsic	value	represents	the	total	pretax	intrinsic	value	(i.e.,	the	difference	between	our	common	stock	price	and	the	exercise
price,	multiplied	by	the	number	of	in-the-money	options)	that	would	have	been	received	by	the	option	holders	had	all	option	holders	exercised	their
options.	The	aggregate	intrinsic	value	of	options	outstanding	as	of	December	31,	2015	and	2014	was	$3.90	billion	and	$4.00	billion.	The	intrinsic	value
of	options	exercisable	was	$2.98	billion	and	$2.46	billion,	and	the	intrinsic	value	of	options	vested	and	expected	to	vest	was	$3.90	billion	and	$4.00
billion	as	of	December	31,	2015	and	2014.	The	total	intrinsic	value	of	options	exercised	was	$395.6	million	and	$446.9	million	for	the	years	ended
December	31,	2015	and	2014.	The	aggregate	intrinsic	value	of	RSUs	outstanding	as	of	December	31,	2015	and	December	31,	2014	was	$585.7	million
and	$329.2	million.
Fair	Value	Adoption
We	utilize	the	fair	value	method	in	recognizing	stock-based	compensation	expense.	Under	the	fair	value	method,	we	estimated	the	fair	value	of
each	option	award	and	the	ESPP	on	the	grant	date	generally	using	the	Black-Scholes	option	pricing	model	and	the	weighted	average	assumptions	noted
in	the	following	table.
	
	
	
Year	Ended	December	31,
	
	
	
2015
	
	
2014
	
	
2013
	
Risk-free	interest	rate:
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Stock	options
	
	
1.6
%
	
	
1.9
%
	
	
1.3
%
ESPP
	
	
0.3
%
	
	
0.1
%
	
	
0.1
%
Expected	term	(in	years):
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Stock	options
	
	
5.4
	
	
	
6.0
	
	
	
6.1
	
ESPP
	
	
0.5
	
	
	
0.5
	
	
	
0.5
	
Expected	volatility:
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Stock	options
	
	
48
%
	
	
55
%
	
	
57
%
ESPP
	
	
42
%
	
	
46
%
	
	
43
%
Dividend	yield:
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Stock	options
	
	
0.0
%
	
	
0.0
%
	
	
0.0
%
ESPP
	
	
0.0
%
	
	
0.0
%
	
	
0.0
%
	
The	risk-free	interest	rate	that	we	use	is	based	on	the	United	States	Treasury	yield	in	effect	at	the	time	of	grant	for	zero	coupon	United	States
Treasury	notes	with	maturities	approximating	each	grant’s	expected	life.	Given	our	limited	history	with	employee	grants,	we	use	the	“simplified”
method	in	estimating	the	expected	term	for	our	employee	grants.	The	“simplified”	method,	as	permitted	by	the	SEC,	is	calculated	as	the	average	of	the
time-to-vesting	and	the	contractual	life	of	the	options.
67Beginning	in	
2015	our	expected	volatility	is	derived	from	our	implied	volatility	on	publicly	traded	options	of	our	common	stock	and	the	historical
volatility	of	our	common	stock.	Prior	to	2015
,	o
ur	expected	volatility	
was	
derived	from	our	implied	volatility	on	publicly
	traded	options	of	our	common
stock	and	the	historical	volatilities	of	several	unrelated	public	companies	within	industries	related	to	our	business,	including	the	automotive	OEM,
automotive	retail,	automotive	parts	and	battery	technology	industries,	becaus
e	we	
had
	limited	trading	history	on	our	common	stock.	When	making	the
selections	of	our	peer	companies	within	industries	related	to	our	business	to	be	used	in	the	volatility	calculation,	we	also	considered	the	stage	of
development,	size	and	financial	lever
age	of	potential	comparable	companies.	Our	historical	volatility	and	implied	volatility	are	weighted	based	on
certain	qualitative	factors	and	combined	to	produce	a	single	volatility	factor.
	
The	weighted-average	grant-date	fair	value	for	option	awards	granted	during	the	years	ended	December	31,	2015,	2014	and	2013	was	$108.28,
$94.01	and	$40.72	per	share.	The	weighted-average	grant-date	fair	value	for	ESPP	granted	during	the	years	ended	December	31,	2015,	2014	and	2013
was	$58.77,	$74.07	and	$19.22	per	share.	The	fair	value	of	RSUs	is	measured	on	the	grant	date	based	on	the	closing	fair	market	value	of	our	common
stock.
Performance-Based	Stock	Options
In	2014,	to	create	incentives	for	continued	long	term	success	beyond	the	Model	S	program	and	to	closely	align	executive	pay	with	our
stockholders’	interests	in	the	achievement	of	significant	milestones	by	our	company,	the	Compensation	Committee	of	our	Board	of	Directors	granted
stock	options	to	certain	employees	to	purchase	an	aggregate	1,073,000	shares	of	our	common	stock.	Each	such	grant	consists	of	four	vesting	tranches
with	a	vesting	schedule	based	entirely	on	the	attainment	of	future	performance	milestones,	assuming	continued	employment	and	service	to	us	through
each	vesting	date.
	
·
1/4th	of	the	shares	subject	to	the	options	are	scheduled	to	vest	upon	completion	of	the	first	Model	X	Production	Vehicle;
	
·
1/4th	of	the	shares	subject	to	the	options	are	scheduled	to	vest	upon	achieving	aggregate	vehicle	production	of	100,000	vehicles	in	a
trailing	12-month	period;
	
·
1/4th	of	the	shares	subject	to	the	options	are	scheduled	to	vest	upon	completion	of	the	first	Gen	III	Production	Vehicle;	and
	
·
1/4th	of	the	shares	subject	to	the	options	are	scheduled	to	vest	upon	achievement	of	annualized	gross	margin	of	greater	than	30.0%	in	any
three	years
As	of	December	31,	2015,	the	following	performance	milestone	were	achieved	and	approved	by	our	Board	of	Directors.
	
·
Completion	of	the	first	Model	X	Production	Vehicle
	
We	begin	recording	stock-based	compensation	expense	as	each	milestone	becomes	probable.	As	of	December	31,	2015,	we	had	unrecognized
compensation	expense	of	$68.7	million	for	those	performance	milestones	that	were	not	considered	probable	of	achievement.	For	the	years	ended
December	31,	2015	and	2014,	we	recorded	stock-based	compensation	expense	of	$10.4	million	and	$10.7	million	related	to	this	grant.
2012	CEO	Grant
In	August	2012,	our	Board	of	Directors	granted	5,274,901	stock	options	to	our	CEO	(2012	CEO	Grant).	The	2012	CEO	Grant	consists	of	ten
vesting	tranches	with	a	vesting	schedule	based	entirely	on	the	attainment	of	both	performance	conditions	and	market	conditions,	assuming	continued
employment	and	service	to	us	through	each	vesting	date.
	
Each	of	the	vesting	tranches	requires	a	combination	of	one	of	the	ten	pre-determined	performance	milestones	outlined	below	and	an	incremental
increase	in	our	market	capitalization	of	$4.0	billion,	as	compared	to	the	initial	market	capitalization	of	$3.2	billion	measured	at	the	time	of	the	2012
CEO	Grant.
	
·
Successful	completion	of	the	Model	X	Alpha	Prototype;
	
·
Successful	completion	of	the	Model	X	Beta	Prototype;
	
·
Completion	of	the	first	Model	X	Production	Vehicle;
	
·
Successful	completion	of	the	Model	3	Alpha	Prototype;
	
·
Successful	completion	of	the	Model	3	Beta	Prototype;
	
·
Completion	of	the	first	Model	3	Production	Vehicle;
	
·
Gross	margin	of	30%	or	more	for	four	consecutive	quarters;
	
·
Aggregate	vehicle	production	of	100,000	vehicles;
	
·
Aggregate	vehicle	production	of	200,000	vehicles;	and
	
·
Aggregate	vehicle	production	of	300,000	vehicles.
68The	term	of	the	2012	CEO	Grant	is	ten	years,	so	any	tranches	that	remain	unvested	at	the	expiration	of	the	2012	CEO	Grant	will	be	forfeited.	In
addition,	unvested	options	will	be	forfeited
	if	our	CEO	is	no	longer	in	that	role,	whether	for	cause	or	otherwise.
We	measured	the	fair	value	of	the	2012	CEO	Grant	using	a	Monte	Carlo	simulation	approach	with	the	following	assumptions:	risk-free	interest
rate	of	1.65%,	expected	term	of	ten	years,	expected	volatility	of	55%	and	dividend	yield	of	0%.
Stock-based	compensation	expense	associated	with	the	2012	CEO	Grant	is	recognized	for	each	pair	of	performance	and	market	conditions	over
the	longer	of	the	expected	achievement	period	of	the	performance	and	market	conditions,	beginning	at	the	point	in	time	that	the	relevant	performance
condition	is	considered	probable	of	being	met.
As	of	December	31,	2015,	the	market	conditions	for	seven	vesting	tranches	and	the	following	performance	milestones	were	achieved	and
approved	by	our	Board	of	Directors,	and	therefore	four	of	ten	tranches	of	the	2012	CEO	Grant	were	vested	as	of	such	date:
	
·
Successful	completion	of	the	Model	X	Alpha	Prototype
	
·
Successful	completion	of	the	Model	X	Beta	Prototype;	and
	
·
Completion	of	the	first	Model	X	Production	Vehicle
	
·
Aggregate	vehicle	production	of	100,000	vehicles
As	of	December	31,	2015,	the	following	two	performance	milestones	were	considered	probable	of	achievement:
	
·
Successful	completion	of	the	Model	3	Alpha	Prototype;	and
	
·
Successful	completion	of	the	Model	3	Beta	Prototype
We	begin	recording	stock-based	compensation	expense	as	each	milestone	becomes	probable.	As	of	December	31,	2015,	we	had	$1.7	million	of
total	unrecognized	compensation	expense	for	those	performance	milestones	that	were	considered	probable	of	achievement	and	will	be	recognized	over
a	weighted-average	period	of	0.7	years.		As	of	December	31,	2015,	we	had	unrecognized	compensation	expense	of	$25.1	million	for	those	performance
milestones	that	were	not	considered	probable	of	achievement.	For	the	years	ended	December	31	2015,	2014,	and	2013,	we	recorded	stock-based
compensation	expense	of	$10.6	million,	$25.0	million	and	$14.5	million.
No	cash	compensation	has	ever	been	received	by	our	CEO	for	his	services	to	the	company.
Summary	Stock	Based	Compensation	Information
The	following	table	summarizes	the	stock-based	compensation	expense	by	line	item	in	the	consolidated	statements	of	operations	(in	thousands):
	
	
	
Year	Ended	December	31,
	
	
	
2015
	
	
2014
	
	
2013
	
Cost	of	sales
	
$
19,244
	
	
$
17,454
	
	
$
9,071
	
Research	and	development
	
	
89,309
	
	
	
62,601
	
	
	
35,494
	
Selling,	general	and	administrative
	
	
89,446
	
	
	
76,441
	
	
	
39,090
	
Total
	
$
197,999
	
	
$
156,496
	
	
$
83,655
	
We	realized	no	income	tax	benefit	from	stock	option	exercises	in	each	of	the	periods	presented	due	to	recurring	losses	and	valuation	allowances.
As	of	December	31,	2015,	we	had	$518.2	million	of	total	unrecognized	compensation	expense,	net,	of	estimated	forfeitures,	related	to	non-
performance	awards	that	will	be	recognized	over	a	weighted-average	period	of	3.4	years.
Employee	Stock	Purchase	Plan
Employees	are	eligible	to	purchase	common	stock	through	payroll	deductions	of	up	to	15%	of	their	eligible	compensation,	subject	to	any	plan
limitations.	The	purchase	price	of	the	shares	on	each	purchase	date	is	equal	to	85%	of	the	lower	of	the	fair	market	value	of	our	common	stock	on	the
first	and	last	trading	days	of	each	six-month	offering	period.	During	the	years	ended	December	31,	2015,	2014	and	2013,	220,571,	163,600	and	518,743
shares	were	issued	under	the	ESPP	for	$37.5	million,	$28.6	million	and	$13.8	million,	respectively.	A	total	of	3,615,749	shares	of	common	stock	have
been	reserved	for	issuance	under	the	ESPP,	and	there	were	2,115,851	shares	available	for	issuance	under	the	ESPP	as	of	December	31,	2015.
	
	
69Note	11
	-
	Income	Taxes
A	provision	for	income	taxes	of	$13.0	million,	$9.4	million	and	$2.6	million	has	been	recognized	for	the	years	ended	December	31,	2015,	2014
and	2013	related	primarily	to	our	subsidiaries	located	outside	of	the	United	States.	Our	loss	before	provision	for	income	taxes	for	the	years	ended
December	31,	2015,	2014	and	2013	were	as	follows	(in	thousands):
	
	
	
Year	Ended	December	31,
	
	
	
2015
	
	
2014
	
	
2013
	
Domestic
	
$
415,694
	
	
$
60,451
	
	
$
75,279
	
International
	
	
459,930
	
	
	
224,185
	
	
	
(3,853
)
Loss	before	income	taxes
	
$
875,624
	
	
$
284,636
	
	
$
71,426
	
The	components	of	the	provision	for	income	taxes	for	the	years	ended	December	31,	2015,	2014	and	2013,	consisted	of	the	following	(in
thousands):
	
	
	
Year	Ended	December	31,
	
	
	
2015
	
	
2014
	
	
2013
	
Current:
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Federal
	
$
—
	
	
$
—
	
	
$
—
	
State
	
	
525
	
	
	
257
	
	
	
178
	
Foreign
	
	
10,342
	
	
	
9,203
	
	
	
2,349
	
Total	current
	
	
10,867
	
	
	
9,460
	
	
	
2,527
	
Deferred:
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Federal
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
State
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
Foreign
	
	
2,172
	
	
	
(56
)
	
	
61
	
Total	deferred
	
	
2,172
	
	
	
(56
)
	
	
61
	
Total	provision	for	income	taxes
	
$
13,039
	
	
$
9,404
	
	
$
2,588
	
Deferred	tax	assets	(liabilities)	as	of	December	31,	2015	and	2014	consisted	of	the	following	(in	thousands):
	
	
	
December	31,
	
	
December	31,
	
	
	
2015
	
	
2014
	
Deferred	tax	assets:
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Net	operating	loss	carry-forwards
	
$
447,824
	
	
$
276,916
	
Research	and	development	credits
	
	
73,068
	
	
	
46,486
	
Other	tax	credits
	
	
30,079
	
	
	
12,750
	
Deferred	revenue
	
	
111,559
	
	
	
75,823
	
Inventory	and	warranty	reserves
	
	
60,663
	
	
	
53,546
	
Depreciation	and	amortization
	
	
66
	
	
	
68
	
Stock-based	compensation
	
	
71,009
	
	
	
50,918
	
Convertible	debt
	
	
35,073
	
	
	
45,118
	
Accruals	and	others
	
	
29,547
	
	
	
49,225
	
Total	deferred	tax	assets
	
	
858,888
	
	
	
610,850
	
Valuation	allowance
	
	
(668,419
)
	
	
(524,394
)
Deferred	tax	assets,	net	of	valuation	allowance
	
	
190,469
	
	
	
86,456
	
Deferred	tax	liabilities:
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Depreciation	and	amortization
	
	
(188,240
)
	
	
(86,298
)
Other
	
	
(4,309
)
	
	
—
	
Total	deferred	tax	liabilities
	
	
(192,549
)
	
	
(86,298
)
Deferred	tax	assets,	net	of	valuation	allowance	and	deferred	tax	liabilities
	
$
(2,080
)
	
$
158
	
70Reconciliation	of	statutory	federal	income	taxes	to	our	effective	taxes	for	the	years	ended	December	31,	2015,	2014	and	2013	is	as	follows	(in
thousands):
	
	
	
Year	Ended	December	31,
	
	
	
2015
	
	
2014
	
	
2013
	
Tax	at	statutory	federal	rate
	
$
(306,470
)
	
$
(99,622
)
	
$
(25,001
)
State	tax,	net	of	federal	benefit
	
	
525
	
	
	
257
	
	
	
178
	
Nondeductible	expenses
	
	
16,711
	
	
	
15,238
	
	
	
733
	
Foreign	income	rate	differential
	
	
172,259
	
	
	
86,734
	
	
	
(253
)
U.S.	tax	credits
	
	
(43,911
)
	
	
(26,895
)
	
	
(6,682
)
Other	reconciling	items
	
	
1,232
	
	
	
877
	
	
	
1,317
	
Change	in	valuation	allowance
	
	
172,693
	
	
	
32,815
	
	
	
32,296
	
Provision	for	income	taxes
	
$
13,039
	
	
$
9,404
	
	
$
2,588
	
As	of	December	31,	2015,	we	recorded	a	valuation	allowance	of	$668.4	million	for	the	portion	of	the	deferred	tax	asset	that	we	do	not	expect	to
be	realized.	The	valuation	on	our	net	deferred	taxes	increased	by	$144.0	million	during	the	year	ended	December	31,	2015,	primarily	due	to	additional
U.S.	deferred	tax	assets	incurred	in	the	current	year	that	cannot	be	realized.	Management	believes	that	based	on	the	available	information,	it	is	more
likely	than	not	that	the	U.S.	deferred	tax	assets	will	not	be	realized,	such	that	a	full	valuation	allowance	is	required	against	all	U.S.	deferred	tax	assets.
The	Company	has	net	$3.3	million	of	deferred	tax	assets	in	foreign	jurisdictions	which	it	believes	are	more-likely-than-not	to	be	fully	realized	given	the
expectation	of	future	earnings	in	these	jurisdictions.
As	of	December	31,	2015,	we	had	approximately	$2.14	billion	of	federal	and	$1.36	billion	of	state	net	operating	loss	carry-forwards	available	to
offset	future	taxable	income,	which	will	begin	to	expire	for	federal	in	2024	and	2019	for	state	purposes.	The	portion	of	net	operating	loss	carryforwards
related	to	stock	options	is	approximately	$867.2	million	and	$379.8	million	for	federal	and	state	purposes,	respectively,	of	which	the	tax	benefits	will	be
credited	to	additional	paid-in	capital	when	realized.	We	have	research	and	development	tax	credits	of	approximately	$58.6	million	and	$62.0	million	for
federal	and	state	income	tax	purposes,	respectively.	If	not	utilized,	the	federal	carry-forwards	will	expire	in	various	amounts	beginning	in	2019.
However,	the	state	research	and	development	tax	credits	can	be	carried	forward	indefinitely.	In	addition,	we	have	other	general	business	tax	credits	of
approximately	$29.9	million	for	federal	income	tax	purposes,	which	will	begin	to	expire	in	2034.
No	deferred	tax	liability	has	been	recognized	for	the	remittance	of	any	undistributed	foreign	earnings	to	the	United	States	since	the	Company
has	no	material	amount	of	undistributed	foreign	earnings	outside	of	our	U.S.	tax	jurisdiction	as	of	December	31,	2015.
Federal	and	state	laws	can	impose	substantial	restrictions	on	the	utilization	of	net	operating	loss	and	tax	credit	carry-forwards	in	the	event	of	an
“ownership	change,”	as	defined	in	Section	382	of	the	Internal	Revenue	Code.	We	determined	that	no	significant	limitation	would	be	placed	on	the
utilization	of	our	net	operating	loss	and	tax	credit	carry-forwards	due	to	any	prior	ownership	changes.
Uncertain	Tax	Positions
The	aggregate	changes	in	the	balance	of	our	gross	unrecognized	tax	benefits	during	the	years	ended	December	31,	2015,	2014	and	2013	were	as
follows	(in	thousands):
	
December	31,	2012
	
	
18,070
	
Decreases	in	balances	related	to	prior	year	tax	positions
	
	
(7,802
)
Increases	in	balances	related	to	current	year	tax	positions
	
	
3,102
	
December	31,	2013
	
	
13,370
	
Increase	in	balances	related	to	prior	year	tax	positions
	
	
56
	
Increases	in	balances	related	to	current	year	tax	positions
	
	
27,951
	
December	31,	2014
	
	
41,377
	
Increase	in	balances	related	to	prior	year	tax	positions
	
	
6,626
	
Increases	in	balances	related	to	current	year	tax	positions
	
	
51,124
	
December	31,	2015
	
$
99,127
	
	
71Accrued	interest	and	penalties	
related	to	unrecognized	tax	benefits	are	classified	as	income	tax	expense	and	was	immaterial.	As	of	December	31,
2015,	unrecognized	tax	benefits	of	$95.7	million,	if	recognized,	would	not	affect	our	effective	tax	rate	as	the	tax	benefits	would	increase	a	d
eferred	tax
asset	which	is	currently	fully	offset	with	a	full	valuation	allowance.	We	do	not	anticipate	that	the	amount	of	existing	unrecognized	tax	benefits	will
significantly	increase	or	decrease	within	the	next	12	months.	We	file	income	tax	returns	in	t
he	United	States,	California,	and	other	states	and	foreign
jurisdictions.	Tax	years	2003	to	2014	remain	subject	to	examination	for	federal	purposes,	and	tax	years	2003	to	2014	remain	subject	to	examination	for
California	purposes.	All	net	operating	losses	
and	tax	credits	generated	to	date	are	subject	to	adjustment	for	U.S.	federal	and	California	purposes.	Tax
years	2007	to	2014	remain	open	for	examination	in	other	U.S.	state	and	foreign	jurisdictions.
The	United	States	Tax	Court	has	issued	a	decision	in	Altera	Corp	v.	Commissioner	related	to	the	treatment	of	share-based	compensation	expense
in	a	cost-sharing	arrangement.	As	this	decision	can	be	overturned	upon	appeal,	we	have	not	recorded	any	impact	as	of	December	31,	2015.	In	addition,
any	potential	tax	benefits	would	increase	a	deferred	tax	asset	which	is	currently	offset	with	a	full	valuation	allowance.
	
	
Note	12	-	Information	about	Geographic	Areas
We	operate	as	one	reportable	segment	which	is	the	design,	development,	manufacturing	and	sales	of	electric	vehicles,	and	stationary	energy
storage	products.
The	following	tables	set	forth	total	revenues	and	long-lived	assets	by	geographic	area	(in	thousands).
Total	Revenues
	
		
	
Year	Ended	December	31,
	
	
	
2015
	
	
2014
	
	
2013
	
United	States
	
$
1,957,397
	
	
$
1,471,643
	
	
$
1,479,166
	
China
	
	
318,513
	
	
	
477,082
	
	
	
—
	
Norway
	
	
356,419
	
	
	
412,198
	
	
	
217,070
	
Other
	
	
1,413,696
	
	
	
837,433
	
	
	
317,260
	
Total
	
$
4,046,025
	
	
$
3,198,356
	
	
$
2,013,496
	
Long-lived	Assets
	
		
	
December	31,
	
	
December	31,
	
	
	
2015
	
	
2014
	
United	States
	
$
4,585,521
	
	
$
2,452,219
	
International
	
	
609,216
	
	
	
143,792
	
Total
	
$
5,194,737
	
	
$
2,596,011
	
	
	
Note	13	-	Commitments	and	Contingencies
Operating	Leases
Our	corporate	headquarters	and	powertrain	production	operations	are	based	in	Palo	Alto,	California	where	we	have	leased	a	facility	consisting	of
350,000	square	feet.	This	lease	expires	in	January	2020.	We	lease	a	203,772	square	feet	manufacturing	facility	in	Tilburg,	Netherlands	through
November	2023.	We	also	lease	a	number	of	properties	in	North	America,	Europe	and	Asia	for	our	office,	retail	and	service	locations	as	well	as
Supercharger	sites	under	non-cancelable	operating	leases	with	various	expiration	dates	through	December	2030.
Included	within	Operating	Leases	commitments	in	the	table	below	are	payments	due	under	operating	leases	that	have	been	accounted	for	as
build-to-suit	arrangements	and	are	included	in	property,	plant,	and	equipment	in	our	Consolidated	Balance	Sheets.
	
Rent	expense	for	the	years	ended	December	31,	2015,	2014	and	2013	was	$68.2	million,	$46.3	million	and	$21.5	million.
Capital	Leases
We	have	entered	into	various	agreements	to	lease	equipment	under	capital	leases	over	terms	between	36	and	60	months.	The	equipment	under
the	leases	are	collateral	for	the	lease	obligations	and	are	included	within	property,	plant	and	equipment,	net	on	the	Consolidated	Balance	Sheets	under
the	categories	of	computer	equipment	and	software	and	office	furniture	and	equipment.
	
72Future	minimum	commitments	for	leases	as	of	December	31,	2015	are	as	follows	(in	thousands):
	
	
	
Operating
	
	
Capital
	
	
	
Leases
	
	
Leases
	
2016
	
$
88,629
	
	
$
16,758
	
2017
	
	
86,661
	
	
	
11,321
	
2018
	
	
78,531
	
	
	
5,488
	
2019
	
	
69,013
	
	
	
1,112
	
2020	and	thereafter
	
	
248,030
	
	
	
—
	
Total	minimum	lease	payments
	
	
570,864
	
	
	
34,679
	
Less:	Amounts	representing	interest	not	yet	incurred
	
	
	
	
	
	
2,006
	
Present	value	of	capital	lease	obligations
	
	
	
	
	
	
32,673
	
Less:	Current	portion
	
	
	
	
	
	
15,451
	
Long-term	portion	of	capital	lease	obligations
	
	
	
	
	
$
17,222
	
	
Environmental	Liabilities
	
In	connection	with	our	Tesla	Factory	located	in	Fremont,	California,	we	are	obligated	to	pay	for	the	remediation	of	certain	environmental
conditions	existing	at	the	time	we	purchased	the	property	from	New	United	Motor	Manufacturing,	Inc.	(NUMMI).	Tesla	is	responsible	for	the	first	$15
million	of	remediation	costs	and	any	costs	in	excess	of	$30	million	or	costs	incurred	after	the	ten-year	anniversary	of	closing.	NUMMI	is	responsible	for
remediation	costs	between	$15	million	and	$30	million	for	up	to	10	years	from	the	closing	date.	Through	December	31,	2015,	we	have	paid	$6.94
million	for	remediation	costs	incurred	related	to	the	Fremont	facility,	effectively	settling	our	accrued	obligation	and	as	of	December	31,	2015,	we	have
no	accrued	amounts	remaining.		As	of	December	31,	2014,	we	accrued	a	total	of	$4.0	million	related	to	these	environmental	liabilities.
Legal	Proceedings
From	time	to	time,	we	are	subject	to	various	legal	proceedings	that	arise	from	the	normal	course	of	business	activities.	In	addition,	from	time	to
time,	third	parties	may	assert	intellectual	property	infringement	claims	against	us	in	the	form	of	letters	and	other	forms	of	communication.	If	an
unfavorable	ruling	were	to	occur,	there	exists	the	possibility	of	a	material	adverse	impact	on	our	results	of	operations,	prospects,	cash	flows,	financial
position	and	brand.
In	November	2013,	a	putative	securities	class	action	lawsuit	was	filed	against	Tesla	in	U.S.	District	Court,	Northern	District	of	California,
alleging	violations	of,	and	seeking	remedies	pursuant	to,	Sections	10(b)	and	20(a)	of	the	Securities	Exchange	Act	of	1934	and	Rule	10b-5.	The
complaint,	made	claims	against	Tesla	and	our	CEO,	Elon	Musk,	sought	damages	and	attorney’s	fees	on	the	basis	of	allegations	that,	among	other	things,
Tesla	and	Mr.	Musk	made	false	and/or	misleading	representations	and	omissions,	including	with	respect	to	the	safety	of	Model	S.	This	case	was	brought
on	behalf	of	a	putative	class	consisting	of	certain	persons	who	purchased	Tesla’s	securities	between	August	19,	2013	and	November	17,	2013.	On
September	26,	2014,	the	trial	court,	upon	the	motion	of	Tesla	and	Mr.	Musk,	dismissed	the	complaint	with	prejudice,	and	thereafter	issued	a	formal
written	order	to	that	effect.		The	plaintiffs	have	appealed	from	the	trial	court’s	order,	and	that	appeal	is	pending.
	
	
Note	14	-	Quarterly	Results	of	Operations	(Unaudited)
The	following	table	includes	selected	quarterly	results	of	operations	data	for	the	years	ended	December	31,	2015	and	2014	(in	thousands,	except
per	share	data):
	
	
	
Three	months	ended
	
	
	
March	31
	
	
June	30
	
	
September	30
	
	
December	31
	
2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Total	revenues
	
$
939,880
	
	
$
954,976
	
	
$
936,789
	
	
$
1,214,379
	
Gross	profit
	
	
260,073
	
	
	
213,370
	
	
	
231,496
	
	
	
218,564
	
Net	loss
	
	
(154,181
)
	
	
(184,227
)
	
	
(229,858
)
	
	
(320,397
)
Net	loss	per	share,	basic
	
	
(1.22
)
	
	
(1.45
)
	
	
(1.78
)
	
	
(2.44
)
Net	income	(loss)	per	share,	diluted
	
	
(1.22
)
	
	
(1.45
)
	
	
(1.78
)
	
	
(2.44
)
2014
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Total	revenues
	
$
620,542
	
	
$
769,349
	
	
$
851,804
	
	
$
956,661
	
Gross	profit
	
	
155,128
	
	
	
212,995
	
	
	
251,851
	
	
	
261,697
	
Net	income	(loss)
	
	
(49,800
)
	
	
(61,900
)
	
	
(74,708
)
	
	
(107,630
)
Net	income	(loss)	per	share,	basic
	
	
(0.40
)
	
	
(0.50
)
	
	
(0.60
)
	
	
(0.86
)
Net	income	(loss)	per	share,	diluted
	
	
(0.40
)
	
	
(0.50
)
	
	
(0.60
)
	
	
(0.86
)
	
73Net	loss	per	share,	basic	and	diluted	for	the	four	quarters	of	each	fiscal	year	may	not	sum	to	the	total	for	the	year	because	of	the	different
numbers	of	shares	outstanding	during	each	period.
	
	
I
TEM	9.
CHANGES	IN	AND	DISAGREEMENTS	WITH	ACCOUNTANTS	ON	ACCOUNTING	AND	FINANCIAL	DISCLOSURE
Not	applicable.
	
	
I
TEM	9A.
CONTROLS	AND	PROCEDURES
Evaluation	of	Disclosure	Controls	and	Procedures
We	conducted	an	evaluation	as	of	December	31,	2015,	under	the	supervision	and	with	the	participation	of	our	management,	including	our	Chief
Executive	Officer	and	Chief	Financial	Officer,	of	the	effectiveness	of	the	design	and	operation	of	our	disclosure	controls	and	procedures.	Based	upon
that	evaluation,	our	Chief	Executive	Officer	and	Chief	Financial	Officer	concluded	that,	as	of	December	31,	2015,	our	disclosure	controls	and
procedures	were	effective	to	provide	reasonable	assurance.
Management’s	Report	on	Internal	Control	over	Financial	Reporting
Our	management	is	responsible	for	establishing	and	maintaining	adequate	internal	control	over	financial	reporting.	Internal	control	over
financial	reporting	is	a	process	designed	by,	or	under	the	supervision	of,	our	Chief	Executive	Officer	and	Chief	Financial	Officer	to	provide	reasonable
assurance	regarding	the	reliability	of	financial	reporting	and	the	preparation	of	financial	statements	for	external	purposes	in	accordance	with	generally
accepted	accounting	principles	and	includes	those	policies	and	procedures	that	(1)	pertain	to	the	maintenance	of	records	that	in	reasonable	detail
accurately	and	fairly	reflect	the	transactions	and	dispositions	of	our	assets;	(2)	provide	reasonable	assurance	that	transactions	are	recorded	as
necessary	to	permit	preparation	of	financial	statements	in	accordance	with	generally	accepted	accounting	principles,	and	that	our	receipts	and
expenditures	are	being	made	only	in	accordance	with	authorizations	of	our	management	and	directors;	and	(3)	provide	reasonable	assurance	regarding
prevention	or	timely	detection	of	unauthorized	acquisition,	use	or	disposition	of	our	assets	that	could	have	a	material	effect	on	the	financial	statements.
Under	the	supervision	and	with	the	participation	of	our	management,	including	our	Chief	Executive	Officer	and	Chief	Financial	Officer,	we
conducted	an	evaluation	of	the	effectiveness	of	our	internal	control	over	financial	reporting	based	on	criteria	established	in	“Internal	Control—
Integrated	Framework	(2013)”	issued	by	the	Committee	of	Sponsoring	Organizations	of	the	Treadway	Commission	(COSO).	Our	management	concluded
that	our	internal	control	over	financial	reporting	was	effective	as	of	December	31,	2015.
Our	independent	registered	public	accounting	firm,	PricewaterhouseCoopers	LLP,	has	audited	the	effectiveness	of	our	internal	control	over
financial	reporting	as	of	December	31,	2015	as	stated	in	their	report	which	is	included	herein.
Limitations	on	the	Effectiveness	of	Controls
Because	of	inherent	limitations,	internal	control	over	financial	reporting	may	not	prevent	or	detect	misstatements	and	projections	of	any
evaluation	of	effectiveness	to	future	periods	are	subject	to	the	risk	that	controls	may	become	inadequate	because	of	changes	in	conditions,	or	that	the
degree	of	compliance	with	the	policies	or	procedures	may	deteriorate.
Changes	in	Internal	Control	over	Financial	Reporting
There	was	no	change	in	our	internal	control	over	financial	reporting	which	occurred	during	the	fourth	fiscal	quarter	of	the	year	ended
December	31,	2015	which	has	materially	affected,	or	is	reasonably	likely	to	materially	affect,	our	internal	control	over	financial	reporting.
	
	
I
TEM	9B.
OTHER	INFORMATION
None
	
	
74P
ART	III
I
TEM	10.
DIRECTORS,	EXECUTIVE	OFFICERS	AND	CORPORATE	GOVERNANCE
The	information	required	by	this	Item	10	of	Form	10-K	will	be	included	in	our	2016	Proxy	Statement	to	be	filed	with	the	SEC	in	connection	with
the	solicitation	of	proxies	for	our	2016	Annual	Meeting	of	Stockholders	(2016	Proxy	Statement)	and	is	incorporated	herein	by	reference.	The	2016	Proxy
Statement	will	be	filed	with	the	SEC	within	120	days	after	the	end	of	the	fiscal	year	to	which	this	report	relates.
I
TEM	11.
EXECUTIVE	COMPENSATION
The	information	required	by	this	Item	11	of	Form	10-K	will	be	included	in	our	2016	Proxy	Statement	and	is	incorporated	herein	by	reference.
I
TEM	12.
SECURITY	OWNERSHIP	OF	CERTAIN	BENEFICIAL	OWNERS	AND	MANAGEMENT	AND	RELATED	STOCKHOLDER	MATTERS
The	information	required	by	this	Item	12	of	Form	10-K	will	be	included	in	our	2016	Proxy	Statement	and	is	incorporated	herein	by	reference.
I
TEM	13.
CERTAIN	RELATIONSHIPS	AND	RELATED	TRANSACTIONS,	AND	DIRECTOR	INDEPENDENCE
The	information	required	by	this	Item	13	of	Form	10-K	will	be	included	in	our	2016	Proxy	Statement	and	is	incorporated	herein	by	reference.
I
TEM	14.
PRINCIPAL	ACCOUNTANT	FEES	AND	SERVICES
The	information	required	by	this	Item	14	of	Form	10-K	will	be	included	in	our	2016	Proxy	Statement	and	is	incorporated	herein	by	reference.
	
	
I
TEM	15.
EXHIBITS	AND	FINANCIAL	STATEMENT	SCHEDULES
1.
Financial	Statements.	See	“Index	to	Consolidated	Financial	Statements”	in	Part	II,	Item	8	of	this	Annual	Report	on	Form	10-K.
2.
All	financial	statement	schedules	have	been	omitted,	since	the	required	information	is	not	applicable	or	is	not	present	in	amounts	sufficient	to
require	submission	of	the	schedule,	or	because	the	information	required	is	included	in	the	consolidated	financial	statements	and	notes	thereto.
3.
Exhibits.	The	exhibits	listed	in	the	accompanying	“Index	to	Exhibits”	are	filed	or	incorporated	by	reference	as	part	of	this	Annual	Report	on	Form
10-K.
	
	
	
75INDEX	TO	EXHIBITS
	
Exhibit
Number
		
	
		
Incorporated	by	Reference
		
Filed
Herewith
		
Exhibit	Description
		
Form
		
File	No.
		
Exhibit
		
Filing	Date
		
	
				3.1
		
	
Amended	and	Restated	Certificate	of
Incorporation	of	the	Registrant
		
	
S-1
		
	
333-
164593
		
	
3.1
		
	
January	29,	2010
		
	
	
				3.2
		
	
Amended	and	Restated	Bylaws	of	the	Registrant
		
	
8-K
		
	
333-
164593
		
	
3.2
		
	
June	8,	2012
		
	
	
				4.1
		
	
Specimen	common	stock	certificate	of	the
Registrant
		
	
S-1/A
		
	
333-
164593
		
	
4.1
		
	
May	27,	2010
		
	
	
				4.2
		
	
Fifth	Amended	and	Restated	Investors’	Rights
Agreement,	dated	as	of	August	31,	2009,	between
Registrant	and	certain	holders	of	the	Registrant’s
capital	stock	named	therein
		
	
S-1
		
	
333-
164593
		
	
4.2
		
	
January	29,	2010
		
	
	
				4.2A
		
	
Amendment	to	Fifth	Amended	and	Restated
Investors’	Rights	Agreement,	dated	as	of	May	20,
2010,	between	Registrant	and	certain	holders	of
the	Registrant’s	capital	stock	named	therein
		
	
S-1/A
		
	
333-
164593
		
	
4.2A
		
	
May	27,	2010
		
	
	
				4.2B
		
	
Amendment	to	Fifth	Amended	and	Restated
Investors’	Rights	Agreement	between	Registrant,
Toyota	Motor	Corporation	and	certain	holders	of
the	Registrant’s	capital	stock	named	therein
		
	
S-1/A
		
	
333-
164593
		
	
4.2B
		
	
May	27,	2010
		
	
	
				4.2C
		
	
Amendment	to	Fifth	Amended	and	Restated
Investor’s	Rights	Agreement,	dated	as	of	June	14,
2010,	between	Registrant	and	certain	holders	of
the	Registrant’s	capital	stock	named	therein
		
	
S-1/A
		
	
333-
164593
		
	
4.2C
		
	
June	15,	2010
		
	
	
				4.2D
		
	
Amendment	to	Fifth	Amended	and	Restated
Investor’s	Rights	Agreement,	dated	as	of
November	2,	2010,	between	Registrant	and
certain	holders	of	the	Registrant’s	capital	stock
named	therein
		
	
8-K
		
	
001-
34756
		
	
4.1
		
	
November	4,	2010
		
	
	
				4.2E
		
	
Waiver	to	Fifth	Amended	and	Restated	Investor’s
Rights	Agreement,	dated	as	of	May	25,	2011,
between	Registrant	and	certain	holders	of	the
Registrant’s	capital	stock	named	therein
		
	
S-1/A
		
	
333-
174466
		
	
4.2E
		
	
June	2,	2011
		
	
	
				4.2F
		
	
Amendment	to	Fifth	Amended	and	Restated
Investor’s	Rights	Agreement,	dated	as	of	May	30,
2011,	between	Registrant	and	certain	holders	of
the	Registrant’s	capital	stock	named	therein
		
	
8-K
		
	
001-
34756
		
	
4.1
		
	
June	1,	2011
		
	
	
				4.2G
		
	
Sixth	Amendment	to	Fifth	Amended	and	Restated
Investors’	Rights	Agreement,	dated	as	of	May	15,
2013	among	the	Registrant,	the	Elon	Musk
Revocable	Trust	dated	July	22,	2003	and	certain
other	holders	of	the	capital	stock	of	the	Registrant
named	therein.
		
	
8-K
		
	
001-
34756
		
	
4.1
		
	
May	20,	2013
		
	
76Exhibit
Number
		
	
		
Incorporated	by	Reference
		
Filed
Herewith
		
Exhibit	Description
		
Form
		
File	No.
		
Exhibit
		
Filing	Date
		
	
				4.2H
		
	
Waiver	to	Fifth	Amended	and	Restated	Investor’s
Rights	Agreement,	dated	as	of	May	14,	2013,
between	the	Registrant	and	certain	holders	of	the
capital	stock	of	the	Registrant	named	therein.
		
	
8-K
		
	
001-
34756
		
	
4.2
		
	
May	20,	2013
		
	
	
				4.2I
		
	
Waiver	to	Fifth	Amended	and	Restated	Investor’s
Rights	Agreement,	dated	as	of	August	13,	2015,
between	the	Registrant	and	certain	holders	of	the
capital	stock	of	the	Registrant	named	therein.
		
	
8-K
		
	
001-
34756
		
	
4.1
		
	
August	19,	2015
		
	
	
				4.3
		
	
Indenture,	dated	as	of	May	22,	2013,	by	and
between	the	Registrant	and	U.S.	Bank	National
Association.
		
	
8-K
		
	
001-
34756
		
	
4.1
		
	
May	22,	2013
		
	
	
				4.4
		
	
First	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as	of	May	22,
2013,	by	and	between	the	Registrant	and	U.S.
Bank	National	Association.
		
	
8-K
		
	
001-
34756
		
	
4.2
		
	
May	22,	2013
		
	
	
				4.5
		
	
Form	of	1.50%	Convertible	Senior	Note	Due	June
1,	2018	(included	in	Exhibit	4.4).
		
	
8-K
		
	
001-
34756
		
	
4.3
		
	
May	22,	2013
		
	
	
				4.6
	
	
Second	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as	of
March	5,	2014,	by	and	between	the	Registrant	and
U.S.	Bank	National	Association.
	
	
8-K
	
	
001-
34756
	
	
4.2
	
	
March	5,	2014
	
	
	
				4.7
	
	
Form	of	0.25%	Convertible	Senior	Note	Due
March	1,	2019	(included	in	Exhibit	4.6).
	
	
8-K
	
	
001-
34756
	
	
4.3
	
	
March	5,	2014
	
	
	
				4.8
	
	
Third	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as	of	March
5,	2014,	by	and	between	the	Registrant	and	U.S.
Bank	National	Association.
	
	
8-K
	
	
001-
34756
	
	
4.4
	
	
March	5,	2014
	
	
	
				4.9
	
	
Form	of	1.25%	Convertible	Senior	Note	Due
March	1,	2021	(included	in	Exhibit	4.8).
	
	
8-K
	
	
001-
34756
	
	
4.5
	
	
March	5,	2014
	
	
	
		10.1**
		
	
Form	of	Indemnification	Agreement	between	the
Registrant	and	its	directors	and	officers
		
	
S-1/A
		
	
333-
164593
		
	
10.1
		
	
June	15,	2010
		
	
	
		10.2**
		
	
2003	Equity	Incentive	Plan
		
	
S-1/A
		
	
333-
164593
		
	
10.2
		
	
May	27,	2010
		
	
	
		10.3**
		
	
Form	of	Stock	Option	Agreement	under	2003
Equity	Incentive	Plan
		
	
S-1
		
	
333-
164593
		
	
10.3
		
	
January	29,	2010
		
	
	
		10.3A**
		
	
Grant	Notice	and	Stock	Option	Agreement
between	the	Registrant	and	Elon	Musk
		
	
S-1/A
		
	
333-
164593
		
	
10.3A
		
	
March	29,	2010
		
	
	
	10.4**
		
	
Amended	and	Restated	2010	Equity	Incentive
Plan,	effective	as	of	April	10,	2014
		
	
14A
		
	
333-
164593
		
	
Appendix	A
		
	
April	24,	2014
		
	
	
		10.5**
		
	
Form	of	Stock	Option	Agreement	under	2010
Equity	Incentive	Plan
		
	
S-1/A
		
	
333-
164593
		
	
10.5
		
	
March	29,	2010
		
	
77Exhibit
Number
		
	
		
Incorporated	by	Reference
		
Filed
Herewith
		
Exhibit	Description
		
Form
		
File	No.
		
Exhibit
		
Filing	Date
		
	
		10.6**
		
	
Form	of	Restricted	Stock	Unit	Award	Agreement
under	2010	Equity	Incentive	Plan
		
	
S-1/A
		
	
333-
164593
		
	
10.6
		
	
March	29,	2010
		
	
	
		10.7**
		
	
Amended	and	Restated	2010	Employee	Stock
Purchase	Plan,	effective	as	of	August	3,	2011.
	
	
—
	
	
—
	
	
—
	
	
—
	
	
X
	
		10.8**
		
	
Offer	Letter	between	the	Registrant	and	Elon
Musk	dated	October	13,	2008
		
	
S-1
		
	
333-
164593
		
	
10.9
		
	
January	29,	2010
		
	
	
		10.9**
		
	
Offer	Letter	between	the	Registrant	and	Deepak
Ahuja	dated	June	13,	2008,	and	amended	June	4,
2009
		
	
S-1
		
	
333-
164593
		
	
10.10
		
	
January	29,	2010
		
	
	
		10.10**
		
	
Relocation	Agreement	between	the	Registrant	and
Deepak	Ahuja	effective	October	31,	2008	and
amended	June	4,	2009
		
	
S-1
		
	
333-
164593
		
	
10.11
		
	
January	29,	2010
		
	
	
		10.11**
		
	
Offer	Letter	between	the	Registrant	and	Jeffrey	B.
Straubel	dated	May	6,	2004
		
	
S-1
		
	
333-
164593
		
	
10.12
		
	
January	29,	2010
		
	
	
		10.12**
		
	
Offer	Letter	between	the	Registrant	and	Jason
Wheeler	dated	October	8,	2015.
		
	
—
		
	
—
		
	
—
		
	
—
		
	
X
	
		10.13
		
	
Commercial	Lease	between	the	Registrant	and
The	Board	of	Trustees	of	The	Leland	Stanford
Jr.	University	dated	August	6,	2009
		
	
S-1
		
	
333-
164593
		
	
10.22
		
	
January	29,	2010
		
	
	
		10.14
		
	
Letter	Agreement	between	the	Registrant	and
New	United	Motor	Manufacturing,	Inc.	dated
May	26,	2010
		
	
S-1/A
		
	
333-
164593
		
	
10.45
		
	
May	27,	2010
		
	
	
		10.14A
		
	
Amendment	No.	1	to	the	Letter	Agreement
between	the	Registrant	and	New	United	Motor
Manufacturing,	Inc.	dated	June	15,	2010
		
	
10-Q
		
	
001-
34756
		
	
10.3
		
	
November	12,	2010
		
	
	
		10.14B
		
	
Amendment	No.	2	to	the	Letter	Agreement
between	the	Registrant	and	New	United	Motor
Manufacturing,	Inc.	dated	October	1,	2010
		
	
10-Q
		
	
001-
34756
		
	
10.4
		
	
November	12,	2010
		
	
	
		10.14C
		
	
Amendment	No.	3	to	the	Letter	Agreement
between	the	Registrant	and	New	United	Motor
Manufacturing,	Inc.	dated	October	8,	2010
		
	
10-Q
		
	
001-
34756
		
	
10.5
		
	
November	12,	2010
		
	
	
		10.14D
		
	
Amendment	No.	4	to	the	Letter	Agreement
between	the	Registrant	and	New	United	Motor
Manufacturing,	Inc.	dated	October	13,	2010
		
	
10-Q
		
	
001-
34756
		
	
10.6
		
	
November	12,	2010
		
	
	
		10.14E
		
	
Amendment	No.	5	to	the	Letter	Agreement
between	the	Registrant	and	New	United	Motor
Manufacturing,	Inc.	dated	October	15,	2010
		
	
10-Q
		
	
001-
34756
		
	
10.7
		
	
November	12,	2010
		
	
	
		10.14F†
		
	
Amendment	No.	6	to	the	Letter	Agreement
between	the	Registrant	and	New	United	Motor
Manufacturing,	Inc.	dated	October	19,	2010
		
	
10-Q
		
	
001-
34756
		
	
10.8
		
	
November	12,	2010
		
	
78Exhibit
Number
		
	
		
Incorporated	by	Reference
		
Filed
Herewith
		
Exhibit	Description
		
Form
		
File	No.
		
Exhibit
		
Filing	Date
		
	
		10.15
		
	
Sale	and	Purchase	Agreement	between	Registrant
and	New	United	Motor	Manufacturing,	Inc.,	dated
August	13,	2010
		
	
10-Q
		
	
001-
34756
		
	
10.1
		
	
November	12,	2010
		
	
	
		10.15A
		
	
Addendum	No.	1to	the	Sale	and	Purchase
Agreement	between	Registrant	and	New	United
Motor	Manufacturing,	Inc.,	dated	September	23,
2010
		
	
10-Q
		
	
001-
34756
		
	
10.2
		
	
November	12,	2010
		
	
	
		10.16†
		
	
Supply	Agreement	between	Panasonic	Corporation
and	the	Registrant	dated	October	5,	2011
		
	
10-K
		
	
-001-
34756
		
	
10.50
		
	
February	27,	2012
		
	
	
		10.16A†
		
	
Amendment	No.	1	to	Supply	Agreement	between
Panasonic	Corporation	and	the	Registrant	dated
October	29,	2013
		
	
	10-K
		
	
	001-
34756
		
	
	10.35A
		
	
	February	26,	2014
		
	
	
		10.17
		
	
Form	of	Call	Option	Confirmation	relating	to
1.50%	Convertible	Senior	Note	Due	June	1,	2018.
		
	
8-K
		
	
001-
34756
		
	
10.1
		
	
May	22,	2013
		
	
	
		10.18
		
	
Form	of	Warrant	Confirmation	relating	to	1.50%
Convertible	Senior	Note	Due	June	1,	2018.
		
	
8-K
		
	
001-
34756
		
	
10.2
		
	
May	22,	2013
		
	
	
		10.19
	
	
Indemnification	Agreement,	dated	as	of	February
27,	2014,	by	and	between	the	Registrant	and	J.P.
Morgan	Securities	LLC.
	
	
8-K
	
	
001-
34756
	
	
10.1
	
	
March	5,	2014
	
	
	
		10.20
	
	
Form	of	Call	Option	Confirmation	relating	to
0.25%	Convertible	Senior	Notes	Due	March	1,
2019.
	
	
8-K
	
	
001-
34756
	
	
10.2
	
	
March	5,	2014
	
	
	
		10.21
	
	
Form	of	Call	Option	Confirmation	relating	to
1.25%	Convertible	Senior	Notes	Due	March	1,
2021.
	
	
8-K
	
	
001-
34756
	
	
10.3
	
	
March	5,	2014
	
	
	
		10.22
	
	
Form	of	Warrant	Confirmation	relating	to	0.25%
Convertible	Senior	Notes	Due	March	1,	2019.
	
	
8-K
	
	
001-
34756
	
	
10.4
	
	
March	5,	2014
	
	
	
		10.23
	
	
Form	of	Warrant	Confirmation	relating	to	1.25%
Convertible	Senior	Notes	Due	March	1,	2021.
	
	
8-K
	
	
001-
34756
	
	
10.5
	
	
March	5,	2014
	
	
	
		10.24
	
	
Agreement	between	Panasonic	Corporation	and
the	Registrant	dated	July	31,	2014.
	
	
10-Q
	
	
001-
34756
	
	
10.1
	
	
November	7,	2014
	
	
	
		10.25	†
	
	
General	Terms	and	Conditions	between	Panasonic
Corporation	and	the	Registrant	dated	October	1,
2014.
	
	
10-Q
	
	
001-
34756
	
	
10.2
	
	
November	7,	2014
	
	
	
		10.25A
	
	
Letter	Agreement,	dated	as	of	February	24,	2015,
regarding	addition	of	co-party	to	General	Terms
and	Conditions,	Production	Pricing	Agreement	and
Investment	Letter	Agreement	between	Panasonic
Corporation	and	the	Registrant.
	
	
—
	
	
—
	
	
—
	
	
—
	
	
X
	
		10.26	†
	
	
Production	Pricing	Agreement	between	Panasonic
Corporation	and	the	Registrant	dated	October	1,
2014.
	
	
10-Q
	
	
001-
34756
	
	
10.3
	
	
November	7,	2014
	
	
79Exhibit
Number
		
	
		
Incorporated	by	Reference
		
Filed
Herewith
		
Exhibit	Description
		
Form
		
File	No.
		
Exhibit
		
Filing	Date
		
	
		10.27	†
	
	
Investment	Letter	Agreement	between	Panasonic
Corporation	and	the	Registrant	dated	October	1,
2014.
	
	
10-Q
	
	
001-
34756
	
	
10.4
	
	
November	7,	2014
	
	
	
		10.28
	
	
ABL	Credit	Agreement,	dated	as	of	June	10,	2015,
by	and	among	the	Registrant,	Tesla	Motors
Netherlands	B.V.,	certain	of	the	Registrant’s	and
Tesla	Motors	Netherlands	B.V.’s	direct	or	indirect
subsidiaries	from	time	to	time	party	thereto,	as
borrowers,	Wells	Fargo	Bank,	National
Association,	as	documentation	agent,	JPMorgan
Chase	Bank,	N.A.,	Goldman	Sachs	Bank	USA,
Morgan	Stanley	Senior	Funding	Inc.	and	Bank	of
America,	N.A.,	as	syndication	agents,	the	lenders
from	time	to	time	party	thereto,	and	Deutsche
Bank	AG	New	York	Branch,	as	administrative
agent	and	collateral	agent.
	
	
8-K
	
	
001-
34756
	
	
10.1
	
	
June	12,	2015
	
	
	
	
		10.28A
	
	
First	Amendment,	dated	as	of	November	3,	2015,
to	ABL	Credit	Agreement,	dated	as	of	June	10,
2015,	by	and	among	the	Registrant,	Tesla	Motors
Netherlands	B.V.,	certain	of	the	Registrant’s	and
Tesla	Motors	Netherlands	B.V.’s	direct	or	indirect
subsidiaries	from	time	to	time	party	thereto,	as
borrowers,	and	the	documentation	agent,
syndication	agents,	administrative	agent,
collateral	agent	and	lenders	from	time	to	time
party	thereto.
	
	
10-Q
	
	
001-
34756
	
	
10.1
	
	
November	5,	2015
	
	
	
	
		10.28B
	
	
Second	Amendment,	dated	as	of	December	31,
2015,	to	ABL	Credit	Agreement,	dated	as	of	June
10,	2015,	by	and	among	the	Registrant,	Tesla
Motors	Netherlands	B.V.,	certain	of	the
Registrant’s	and	Tesla	Motors	Netherlands	B.V.’s
direct	or	indirect	subsidiaries	from	time	to	time
party	thereto,	as	borrowers,	and	the
documentation	agent,	syndication	agents,
administrative	agent,	collateral	agent	and	lenders
from	time	to	time	party	thereto.
	
	
—
	
	
—
	
	
—
	
	
—
	
	
X
	
		10.28C
	
	
Third	Amendment,	dated	as	of	February	9,	2016,
to	ABL	Credit	Agreement,	dated	as	of	June	10,
2015,	by	and	among	the	Registrant,	Tesla	Motors
Netherlands	B.V.,	certain	of	the	Registrant’s	and
Tesla	Motors	Netherlands	B.V.’s	direct	or	indirect
subsidiaries	from	time	to	time	party	thereto,	as
borrowers,	and	the	documentation	agent,
syndication	agents,	administrative	agent,
collateral	agent	and	lenders	from	time	to	time
party	thereto.
	
	
—
	
	
—
	
	
—
	
	
—
	
	
X
80Exhibit
Number
		
	
		
Incorporated	by	Reference
		
Filed
Herewith
		
Exhibit	Description
		
Form
		
File	No.
		
Exhibit
		
Filing	Date
		
	
		10.29	†
	
	
Agreement	for	Tax	Abatement	and	Incentives,
dated	as	of	May	7,	2015,	by	and	between	Tesla
Motors,	Inc.	and	the	State	of	Nevada,	acting	by
and	through	the	Nevada	Governor’s	Office	of
Economic	Development
	
	
10-Q
	
	
001-
34756
	
	
10.1
	
	
August	7,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		12.1
		
Statement	regarding	Computation	of	Ratio	of
Earnings	to	Fixed	Charges
		
—
	
		
—
	
		
—
	
		
—
	
		
X
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		21.1
	
List	of	Subsidiaries	of	the	Registrant
	
—
	
—
	
—
	
—
	
X
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		23.1
		
Consent	of	PricewaterhouseCoopers	LLP,
Independent	Registered	Public	Accounting	Firm
		
—		
		
—		
		
—		
		
—		
		
X
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		31.1
		
Rule	13a-14(a)	/	15(d)-14(a)	Certification	of
Principal	Executive	Officer
		
—		
		
—		
		
—		
		
—		
		
X
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		31.2
		
Rule	13a-14(a)	/	15(d)-14(a)	Certification	of
Principal	Financial	Officer
		
—		
		
—		
		
—		
		
—		
		
X
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		32.1*
		
Section	1350	Certifications
		
—
		
—
		
—
		
—
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
101.INS
		
XBRL	Instance	Document
		
	
		
	
		
	
		
	
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
101.SCH
		
XBRL	Taxonomy	Extension	Schema	Document
		
	
		
	
		
	
		
	
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
101.CAL
		
XBRL	Taxonomy	Extension	Calculation	Linkbase
Document.
		
	
		
	
		
	
		
	
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
101.DEF
		
XBRL	Taxonomy	Extension	Definition	Linkbase
Document
		
	
		
	
		
	
		
	
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
101.LAB
		
XBRL	Taxonomy	Extension	Label	Linkbase
Document
		
	
		
	
		
	
		
	
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
101.PRE
		
XBRL	Taxonomy	Extension	Presentation	Linkbase
Document
		
	
		
	
		
	
		
	
		
	
	
*
Furnished	herewith
**
Indicates	a	management	contract	or	compensatory	plan	or	arrangement.
†
Confidential	treatment	has	been	requested	for	portions	of	this	exhibit
	
	
	
81S
IGNATURES
Pursuant	to	the	requirements	of	Section	13	or	15(d)	the	Securities	Exchange	Act	of	1934,	the	registrant	has	duly	caused	this	report	to	be	signed
on	its	behalf	by	the	undersigned,	thereunto	duly	authorized.
	
	
		
		
Tesla	Motors,	Inc.
	
	
	
	
Date:	February	24,	2016
		
		
/s/	Elon	Musk	
	
		
		
Elon	Musk
	
		
		
Chief	Executive	Officer
	
		
		
(Principal	Executive	Officer)
	
Pursuant	to	the	requirements	of	the	Securities	Exchange	Act	of	1934,	this	report	has	been	signed	below	by	the	following	persons	on	behalf	of	the
registrant	and	in	the	capacities	and	on	the	dates	indicated.
	
Signature
		
Title
	
Date
	
	
	
	
	
/s/	Elon	Musk
		
Chief	Executive	Officer	and	Director	(Principal
	
February	24,	2016
				Elon	Musk
	
Executive	Officer)
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
/s/	Jason	Wheeler
		
Chief	Financial	Officer	(Principal	Financial	Officer
	
February	24,	2016
				Jason	Wheeler
	
and	Principal	Accounting	Officer)
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
/s/	Brad	W.	Buss	
		
Director
	
February	24,	2016
				Brad	W.	Buss
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
/s/	Robyn	Denholm
		
Director
	
February	24,	2016
				Robyn	Denholm
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
/s/	Ira	Ehrenpreis
		
Director
	
February	24,	2016
				Ira	Ehrenpreis
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
/s/	Antonio	J.	Gracias	
		
Director
	
February	24,	2016
				Antonio	J.	Gracias
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
/s/	Stephen	T.	Jurvetson	
		
Director
	
February	24,	2016
				Stephen	T.	Jurvetson
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
/s/	Kimbal	Musk	
		
Director
	
February	24,	2016
				Kimbal	Musk
		
	
	
	
	
82
Exhibit	10.7
TESLA	MOTORS,	INC.
2010	EMPLOYEE	STOCK	PURCHASE	PLAN
(As	Amended	and	Restated	Effective	August	3,	2011)
1.	
Purpose
.		The	purpose	of	the	Plan	is	to	provide	employees	of	the	Company	and	its	Designated	Subsidiaries	with	an	opportunity	to
purchase	Common	Stock	through	accumulated	payroll	deductions.		The	Company’s	intention	is	to	have	the	Plan	qualify	as	an	“employee	stock	purchase
plan”	under	Section	423	of	the	Code.		The	provisions	of	the	Plan,	accordingly,	will	be	construed	so	as	to	extend	and	limit	Plan	participation	in	a	uniform
and	nondiscriminatory	basis	consistent	with	the	requirements	of	Section	423	of	the	Code.
2.	
Definitions
.
(a)	“
Administrator
”	means	the	Board	or	any	Committee	designated	by	the	Board	to	administer	the	Plan	pursuant	to	Section	14.
(b)	“
Applicable	Laws
”	means	the	requirements	relating	to	the	administration	of	equity-based	awards	under	U.S.	state	corporate
laws,	U.S.	federal	and	state	securities	laws,	the	Code,	any	stock	exchange	or	quotation	system	on	which	the	Common	Stock	is	listed	or	quoted	and	the
applicable	laws	of	any	foreign	country	or	jurisdiction	where	Awards	are,	or	will	be,	granted	under	the	Plan.
(c)	“
Board
”	means	the	Board	of	Directors	of	the	Company.
(d)	“
Change	in	Control
”	means	the	occurrence	of	any	of	the	following	events:
(i)	A	change	in	the	ownership	of	the	Company	which	occurs	on	the	date	that	any	one	person,	or	more	than	one
person	acting	as	a	group	(“
Person
”),	acquires	ownership	of	the	stock	of	the	Company	that,	together	with	the	stock	held	by	such	Person,	constitutes
more	than	fifty	percent	(50%)	of	the	total	voting	power	of	the	stock	of	the	Company;	provided,	however,	that	for	purposes	of	this	subsection,	the
acquisition	of	additional	stock	by	any	one	Person,	who	is	considered	to	own	more	than	fifty	percent	(50%)	of	the	total	voting	power	of	the	stock	of	the
Company	will	not	be	considered	a	Change	in	Control;	or
(ii)	A	change	in	the	effective	control	of	the	Company	which	occurs	on	the	date	that	a	majority	of	members	of	the
Board	is	replaced	during	any	twelve	(12)	month	period	by	Directors	whose	appointment	or	election	is	not	endorsed	by	a	majority	of	the	members	of	the
Board	prior	to	the	date	of	the	appointment	or	election.		For	purposes	of	this	clause,	if	any	Person	is	considered	to	be	in	effective	control	of	the	Company,
the	acquisition	of	additional	control	of	the	Company	by	the	same	Person	will	not	be	considered	a	Change	in	Control;	or
(iii)	A	change	in	the	ownership	of	a	substantial	portion	of	the	Company’s	assets	which	occurs	on	the	date	that	any
Person	acquires	(or	has	acquired	during	the	twelve	(12)	month	period	ending	on	the	date	of	the	most	recent	acquisition	by	such	person	or	persons)
assets	from	the	Company	that	have	a	total	gross	fair	market	value	equal	to	or	more	than	fifty	percent	(50%)	of	the	total	gross	fair	market	value	of	all	ofthe	assets	of	the	Company	immediately	prior	to	such	acquisition	or	acquisitions;	provided,	however,	that	for	purposes	of	this	subsection,	the	following
will	not	constitute	a	change	in	the	ownership	of	a	substantial	portion	of	the	Company’s	assets:	(A)	a	transfer	to	an	entity	that	is	controlled	by	the
Company’s	stockholders	immediately	after	the	transfer,	or	(B)	a	transfer	of	assets	by	the	Company	to:	(1)	a	stockholder	of	the	Company	(immediately
before	the	asset	transfer)	in	exchange	for	or	with	respect	to	the	Company’	s	stock,	(2)	an	entity,	fifty	percent	(50%)	or	more	of	the	total	value	or	voting
power	of	which	is	owned,	directly	or	indirectly,	by	the	Company,	(3)	a	Person,	that	owns,	directly	or	indirectly,	fifty	percent	(50%)	or	more	of	the	total
value	or	voting	power	of	all	the	outstanding	stock	of	the	Company,	or	(4)	an	entity,	at	least	fifty	percent	(50%)	of	the	total	value	or	voting	power	of
which	is	owned,	directly	or	indirectly,	by	a	Person	described	in	this	subsection	(iii)(B)(3).		For	purposes	of	this	subsection,	gross	fair	marketvalue	means	the	value	of	the	assets	of	the	Company,	or	the	value	of	the	assets	being	disposed	of,	determined	without	regard	to	any	liabilities	associated
with	such	assets.
For	purposes	of	this	definition,	persons	will	be	considered	to	be	acting	as	a	group	if	they	are	owners	of	a	corporation
that	enters	into	a	merger,	consolidation,	purchase	or	acquisition	of	stock,	or	similar	business	transaction	with	the	Company.
(e)	“
Code
”	means	the	Internal	Revenue	Code	of	1986,	as	amended.		Reference	to	a	specific	section	of	the	Code	or	regulation
thereunder	shall	include	such	section	or	regulation,	any	valid	regulation	promulgated	under	such	section,	and	any	comparable	provision	of	any	future
legislation	or	regulation	amending,	supplementing	or	superseding	such	section	or	regulation.
(f)	“
Committee
”	means	a	committee	of	the	Board	appointed	in	accordance	with	Section	14	hereof.
(g)	“
Common	Stock
”	means	the	common	stock	of	the	Company.
(h)	“
Company
”	means	Tesla	Motors,	Inc.,	a	Delaware	corporation.
(i)	“
Compensation
”	means	an	Eligible	Employee’s	regular	and	recurring	straight	time	gross	earnings,	payments	for	overtime	and
shift	premium,	but	exclusive	of	payments	for	incentive	compensation,	bonuses	and	other	similar	compensation.		The	Administrator,	in	its	discretion,
may,	on	a	uniform	and	nondiscriminatory	basis,	establish	a	different	definition	of	Compensation	for	a	subsequent	Offering	Period.
(j)	“
Designated	Subsidiary
”	means	any	Subsidiary	that	has	been	designated	by	the	Administrator	from	time	to	time	in	its	sole
discretion	as	eligible	to	participate	in	the	Plan.
(k)	“
Director
”	means	a	member	of	the	Board.
(l)	“
Eligible	Employee
”	means	any	individual	who	is	a	common	law	employee	of	an	Employer	and	is	customarily	employed	for	at
least	twenty	(20)	hours	per	week	and	more	than	five	(5)	months	in	any	calendar	year	by	the	Employer.		For	purposes	of	the	Plan,	the	employment
relationship	will	be	treated	as	continuing	intact	while	the	individual	is	on	sick	leave	or	other	leave	of	absence	that	the	Employer	approves.		Where	the
period	of	leave	exceeds	three	(3)	months	and	the	individual’s	right	to	reemployment	is	not	guaranteed	either	by	statute	or	by	contract,	the	employment
relationship	will	be	deemed	to	have	terminated	three	(3)	months	and	one	(1)	day	following	the	commencement	of	such	leave.		The	Administrator,	in	its
discretion,	from	time	to	time	may,	prior	to	an	Offering	Date	for	all	options	to	be	granted	on	such	Offering	Date,	determine	(on	a	uniform	and
nondiscriminatory	basis)	that	the	definition	of	Eligible	Employee	will	or	will	not	include	an	individual	if	he	or	she:	(i)	has	not	completed	at	least	two	(2)
years	of	service	since	his	or	her	last	hire	date	(or	such	lesser	period	of	time	as	may	be	determined	by	the	Administrator	in	its	discretion),	(ii)	customarily
works	not	more	than	twenty	(20)	hours	per	week	(or	such	lesser	period	of	time	as	may	be	determined	by	the	Administrator	in	its	discretion),	(iii)
customarily	works	not	more	than	five	(5)	months	per	calendar	year	(or	such	lesser	period	of	time	as	may	be	determined	by	the	Administrator	in	its
discretion),	(iv)	is	an	executive,	officer	or	other	manager,	or	(v)	is	a	highly	compensated	employee	under	Section	414(q)	of	the	Code.
(m)	“
Employer
”	means	any	one	or	all	of	the	Company	and	its	Designated	Subsidiaries.		With	respect	to	a	particular	Eligible
Employee,	Employer	means	the	Company	or	Designated	Subsidiary,	as	the	case	may	be,	that	directly	employs	the	Eligible	Employee.
(n)	“
Exchange	Act
”	means	the	Securities	Exchange	Act	of	1934,	as	amended,	including	the	rules	and	regulations	promulgated
thereunder.
(o)	“
Exercise	Date
”	means	the	last	Trading	Day	in	February	and	August	of	each	year.		Notwithstanding	the	preceding,	the	first
Exercise	Date	under	the	Plan	will	be	February	22,	2011.(p)	“
Fair	Market	Value
”	means,	as	of	any	date	and	unless	the	Administrator	determines	otherwise,	the	value	of	Common	Stock
determined	as	follows:
(i)	If	the	Common	Stock	is	listed	on	any	established	stock	exchange	or	a	national	market	system,	including	without
limitation	the	New	York	Stock	Exchange,	the	Nasdaq	Global	Select	Market,	the	Nasdaq	Global	Market	or	the	Nasdaq	Capital	Market	of	The	Nasdaq
Stock	Market,	its	Fair	Market	Value	will	be	the	closing	sales	price	for	such	stock	(or	the	closing	bid,	if	no	sales	were	reported)	as	quoted	on	such
exchange	or	system	on	the	date	of	determination,	as	reported	in	
The	Wall	Street	Journal	
or	such	other	source	as	the	Administrator	deems	reliable;
(ii)	If	the	Common	Stock	is	regularly	quoted	by	a	recognized	securities	dealer	but	selling	prices	are	not	reported,	its
Fair	Market	Value	will	be	the	mean	of	the	closing	bid	and	asked	prices	for	the	Common	Stock	on	the	date	of	determination,	as	reported	in	
The	Wall
Street	Journal	
or	such	other	source	as	the	Administrator	deems	reliable;
(iii)	In	the	absence	of	an	established	market	for	the	Common	Stock,	the	Fair	Market	Value	thereof	will	be	determined
in	good	faith	by	the	Administrator;	or
(iv)	For	purposes	of	the	Offering	Date	of	the	first	Offering	Period	under	the	Plan,	the	Fair	Market	Value	will	be	the
initial	price	to	the	public	as	set	forth	in	the	final	prospectus	included	within	the	registration	statement	on	Form	S-1	filed	with	the	Securities	and
Exchange	Commission	for	the	initial	public	offering	of	the	Common	Stock	(the	“
Registration	Statement
”).
(q)	“
Fiscal	Year
”	means	the	fiscal	year	of	the	Company.
(r)	“
New	Exercise	Date
”	means	a	new	Exercise	Date	set	by	shortening	any	Offering	Period	then	in	progress.
(s)	“
Offering	Date
”	means	the	first	Trading	Day	of	each	Offering	Period.
(t)	“
Offering	Periods
”	means	the	periods	of	approximately	six	(6)	months	during	which	an	option	granted	pursuant	to	the	Plan
may	be	exercised,	(i)	commencing	on	the	first	Trading	Day	on	or	after	March	1	of	each	year	and	terminating	on	the	last	Trading	Day	in	the	subsequent
August,	approximately	six	(6)	months	later,	and	(ii)	commencing	on	the	first	Trading	Day	on	or	after	September	1	of	each	year	and	terminating	on	the
last	Trading	Day	in	the	subsequent	February,	approximately	six	(6)	months	later.		Notwithstanding	the	preceding,	the	first	Offering	Period	under	the
Plan	commenced	with	the	first	Trading	Day	on	or	after	the	date	on	which	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission	declared	the	Company’s	Registration
Statement	effective	and	will	end	on	February	22,	2011.		The	next	Offering	Period	under	the	Plan	will	begin	on	March	1,	2011.		The	duration	and	timing
of	future	Offering	Periods	may	be	changed	pursuant	to	Sections	4	and	20.
(u)	“
Parent
”	means	a	“parent	corporation,”	whether	now	or	hereafter	existing,	as	defined	in	Section	424(e)	of	the	Code.
(v)	“
Participant
”	means	an	Eligible	Employee	who	participates	in	the	Plan.
(w)	“
Plan
”	means	this	Tesla	Motors,	Inc.	2010	Employee	Stock	Purchase	Plan.
(x)	“
Purchase	Price
”	means	an	amount	equal	to	eighty-five	percent	(85%)	of	the	Fair	Market	Value	of	a	share	of	Common	Stock
on	the	Offering	Date	or	on	the	Exercise	Date,	whichever	is	lower;	provided	however,	that	the	Purchase	Price	may	be	determined	for	subsequent
Offering	Periods	by	the	Administrator,	in	its	discretion,	subject	to	compliance	with	Section	423	of	the	Code	or	pursuant	to	Section	20.
(y)	“
Subsidiary
”	means	a	“subsidiary	corporation,”	whether	now	or	hereafter	existing,	as	defined	in	Section	424(f)	of	the	Code.(z)	“
Trading	Day
”	means	a	day	on	which	the	national	stock	exchange	upon	which	the	Common	Stock	is	listed	is	open	for	trading.
3.	
Eligibility
.
(a)	
First	Offering	Period
.		Any	individual	who	is	an	Eligible	Employee	immediately	prior	to	the	first	Offering	Period	will	be
automatically	enrolled	in	the	first	Offering	Period.
(b)	
Subsequent	Offering	Periods
.		Any	Eligible	Employee	on	a	given	Offering	Date	subsequent	to	the	first	Offering	Period	will	be
eligible	to	participate	in	the	Plan,	subject	to	the	requirements	of	Section	5.
(c)	
Limitations
.		Any	provisions	of	the	Plan	to	the	contrary	notwithstanding,	no	Eligible	Employee	will	be	granted	an	option	under
the	Plan	(i)	to	the	extent	that,	immediately	after	the	grant,	such	Eligible	Employee	(or	any	other	person	whose	stock	would	be	attributed	to	such	Eligible
Employee	pursuant	to	Section	424(d)	of	the	Code)	would	own	capital	stock	of	the	Company	or	any	Parent	or	Subsidiary	of	the	Company	and/or	hold
outstanding	options	to	purchase	such	stock	possessing	five	percent	(5%)	or	more	of	the	total	combined	voting	power	or	value	of	all	classes	of	the	capital
stock	of	the	Company	or	of	any	Parent	or	Subsidiary	of	the	Company,	or	(ii)	to	the	extent	that	his	or	her	rights	to	purchase	stock	under	all	employee
stock	purchase	plans	(as	defined	in	Section	423	of	the	Code)	of	the	Company	or	any	Parent	or	Subsidiary	of	the	Company	accrues	at	a	rate	which
exceeds	twenty-five	thousand	dollars	($25,000)	worth	of	stock	(determined	at	the	Fair	Market	Value	of	the	stock	at	the	time	such	option	is	granted)	for
each	calendar	year	in	which	such	option	is	outstanding	at	any	time.
4.	
Offering	Periods
.		The	Plan	will	be	implemented	by	consecutive	Offering	Periods	with	a	new	Offering	Period	commencing	on	the	first
Trading	Day	on	or	after	March	1	and	September	1	of	each	year,	or	on	such	other	date	as	the	Administrator	will	determine.		The	Administrator	will	have
the	power	to	change	the	duration	of	Offering	Periods	(including	the	commencement	dates	thereof)	with	respect	to	future	offerings	without	stockholder
approval	if	such	change	is	announced	prior	to	the	scheduled	beginning	of	the	first	Offering	Period	to	be	affected	thereafter.
5.	
Participation
.
(a)	
First	Offering	Period
.		An	Eligible	Employee	will	be	entitled	to	continue	to	participate	in	the	first	Offering	Period	pursuant	to
Section	3(a)	only	if	such	individual	submits	a	subscription	agreement	authorizing	payroll	deductions	in	a	form	determined	by	the	Administrator	(which
may	be	similar	to	the	form	attached	hereto	as	
Exhibit	A)
	to	the	Company’s	designated	plan	administrator	(i)	no	earlier	than	the	effective	date	of	the
Form	S-8	registration	statement	with	respect	to	the	issuance	of	Common	Stock	under	this	Plan	and	(ii)	no	later	than	ten	(10)	business	days	following	the
effective	date	of	such	S-8	registration	statement	or	such	other	period	of	time	as	the	Administrator	may	determine	(the	“
Enrollment	Window
”).		An
Eligible	Employee’s	failure	to	submit	the	subscription	agreement	during	the	Enrollment	Window	will	result	in	the	automatic	termination	of	such
individual’s	participation	in	the	first	Offering	Period.
(b)	
Subsequent	Offering	Periods
.	An	Eligible	Employee	may	participate	in	the	Plan	pursuant	to	Section	3(b)by	(i)	submitting	to
the	Company’s	payroll	office	(or	its	designee),	on	or	before	a	date	prescribed	by	the	Administrator	prior	to	an	applicable	Offering	Date,	a	properly
completed	subscription	agreement	authorizing	payroll	deductions	in	the	form	provided	by	the	Administrator	for	such	purpose,	or	(ii)	following	an
electronic	or	other	enrollment	procedure	prescribed	by	the	Administrator.
6.	
Payroll	Deductions
.
(a)	At	the	time	a	Participant	enrolls	in	the	Plan	pursuant	to	Section	5,	he	or	she	will	elect	to	have	payroll	deductions	made	on
each	pay	day	during	the	Offering	Period	in	an	amount	not	exceeding	fifteen	percent	(15%)	of	the	Compensation	which	he	or	she	receives	on	each	pay
day	during	the	Offering	Period;	provided,	however,	that	should	a	pay	day	occur	on	an	Exercise	Date,	a	Participant	will	have	the	payroll	deductions	made
on	such	day	applied	to	his	or	her	account	under	the	subsequent	Offering	Period.	A	Participant’s	subscription	agreement	will	remain	in	effect	for
successive	Offering	Periods	unless	terminated	as	provided	in	Section	10	hereof.(b)	Payroll	deductions	for	a	Participant	will	commence	on	the	first	pay	day	following	the	Offering	Date	and	will	end	on	the	last
pay	day	prior	to	the	Exercise	Date	of	such	Offering	Period	to	which	such	authorization	is	applicable,	unless	sooner	terminated	by	the	Participant	as
provided	in	Section	10	hereof;	provided,	however,	that	for	the	first	Offering	Period,	payroll	deductions	will	commence	on	the	first	pay	day	on	or
following	the	end	of	the	Enrollment	Window.
(c)	All	payroll	deductions	made	for	a	Participant	will	be	credited	to	his	or	her	account	under	the	Plan	and	will	be	withheld	in
whole	percentages	only.		A	Participant	may	not	make	any	additional	payments	into	such	account.
(d)	A	Participant	may	discontinue	his	or	her	participation	in	the	Plan	as	provided	in	Section	10.		If	permitted	by	the
Administrator,	as	determined	in	its	sole	discretion,	for	an	Offering	Period,	a	Participant	may	increase	or	decrease	the	rate	of	his	or	her	payroll
deductions	during	the	Offering	Period	by	(i)	properly	completing	and	submitting	to	the	Company’s	payroll	office	(or	its	designee),	on	or	before	a	date
prescribed	by	the	Administrator	prior	to	an	applicable	Exercise	Date,	a	new	subscription	agreement	authorizing	the	change	in	payroll	deduction	rate	in
the	form	provided	by	the	Administrator	for	such	purpose,	or	(ii)	following	an	electronic	or	other	procedure	prescribed	by	the	Administrator.		If	a
Participant	has	not	followed	such	procedures	to	change	the	rate	of	payroll	deductions,	the	rate	of	his	or	her	payroll	deductions	will	continue	at	the
originally	elected	rate	throughout	the	Offering	Period	and	future	Offering	Periods	(unless	terminated	as	provided	in	Section	10).		The	Administrator
may,	in	its	sole	discretion,	limit	the	nature	and/or	number	of	payroll	deduction	rate	changes	that	may	be	made	by	Participants	during	any	Offering
Period.		Any	change	in	payroll	deduction	rate	made	pursuant	to	this	Section	6(d)	will	be	effective	as	of	the	first	full	payroll	period	following	five	(5)
business	days	after	the	date	on	which	the	change	is	made	by	the	Participant	(unless	the	Administrator,	in	its	sole	discretion,	elects	to	process	a	given
change	in	payroll	deduction	rate	more	quickly).
(e)	Notwithstanding	the	foregoing,	to	the	extent	necessary	to	comply	with	Section	423(b)(8)	of	the	Code	and	Section	3(c),	a
Participant’s	payroll	deductions	may	be	decreased	to	zero	percent	(0%)	at	any	time	during	an	Offering	Period.		Subject	to	Section	423(b)(8)	of	the	Code
and	Section	3(c)	hereof,	payroll	deductions	will	recommence	at	the	rate	originally	elected	by	the	Participant	effective	as	of	the	beginning	of	the	first
Offering	Period	which	is	scheduled	to	end	in	the	following	calendar	year,	unless	terminated	by	the	Participant	as	provided	in	Section	10.
(f)	At	the	time	the	option	is	exercised,	in	whole	or	in	part,	or	at	the	time	some	or	all	of	the	Common	Stock	issued	under	the	Plan
is	disposed	of,	the	Participant	must	make	adequate	provision	for	the	Company’s	or	Employer’s	federal,	state,	or	any	other	tax	liability	payable	to	any
authority,	national	insurance,	social	security	or	other	tax	withholding	obligations,	if	any,	which	arise	upon	the	exercise	of	the	option	or	the	disposition	of
the	Common	Stock.		At	any	time,	the	Company	or	the	Employer	may,	but	will	not	be	obligated	to,	withhold	from	the	Participant’s	compensation	the
amount	necessary	for	the	Company	or	the	Employer	to	meet	applicable	withholding	obligations,	including	any	withholding	required	to	make	available	to
the	Company	or	the	Employer	any	tax	deductions	or	benefits	attributable	to	sale	or	early	disposition	of	Common	Stock	by	the	Eligible	Employee.
7.	
Grant	of	Option
.		On	the	Offering	Date	of	each	Offering	Period,	each	Eligible	Employee	participating	in	such	Offering	Period	will	be
granted	an	option	to	purchase	on	each	Exercise	Date	with	respect	to	an	Offering	Period	(at	the	applicable	Purchase	Price)	up	to	a	number	of	shares	of
Common	Stock	determined	by	dividing	such	Eligible	Employee’s	payroll	deductions	accumulated	prior	to	such	Exercise	Date	and	retained	in	the	Eligible
Employee’s	account	as	of	the	Exercise	Date	by	the	applicable	Purchase	Price;	provided	that	in	no	event	will	an	Eligible	Employee	be	permitted	to
purchase	during	each	Offering	Period	more	than	500	shares	of	the	Common	Stock	(subject	to	any	adjustment	pursuant	to	Section	19),	and	provided
further	that	such	purchase	will	be	subject	to	the	limitations	set	forth	in	Sections	3(c)	and	13.		The	Eligible	Employee	may	accept	the	grant	of	such
option	with	respect	to	the	first	Offering	Period	by	submitting	a	properly	completed	subscription	agreement	in	accordance	with	the	requirements	of
Section	5(a)	on	or	before	the	last	day	of	the	Enrollment	Window,	and	(ii)	with	respect	to	any	future	Offering	Period	under	the	Plan,	by	electing	to
participate	in	the	Plan	in	accordance	with	the	requirements	of	Section	5(b).		The	Administrator	may,	for	future	Offering	Periods,	increase	or	decrease,
in	its	absolute	discretion,	the	maximum	number	of	shares	of	Common	Stock	that	an	Eligible	Employee	may	purchase	during	each	Offering
Period.		Exercise	of	the	option	will	occur	as	provided	in	Section	8,	unless	the	Participant	has	withdrawn	pursuant	to	Section	10.		The	option	will	expire
on	the	last	day	of	the	Offering	Period.8.	
Exercise	of	Option
.
(a)	Unless	a	Participant	withdraws	from	the	Plan	as	provided	in	Section	10,	his	or	her	option	for	the	purchase	of	shares	of
Common	Stock	will	be	exercised	automatically	on	the	Exercise	Date,	and	the	maximum	number	of	full	shares	subject	to	the	option	will	be	purchased	for
such	Participant	at	the	applicable	Purchase	Price	with	the	accumulated	payroll	deductions	in	his	or	her	account.		No	fractional	shares	of	Common	Stock
will	be	purchased;	any	payroll	deductions	accumulated	in	a	Participant’s	account,	which	are	not	sufficient	to	purchase	a	full	share	will	be	returned	to
the	Participant.		Any	other	funds	left	over	in	a	Participant’s	account	after	the	Exercise	Date	will	be	returned	to	the	Participant.		During	a	Participant’s
lifetime,	a	Participant’s	option	to	purchase	shares	hereunder	is	exercisable	only	by	him	or	her.
(b)	If	the	Administrator	determines	that,	on	a	given	Exercise	Date,	the	number	of	shares	of	Common	Stock	with	respect	to	which
options	are	to	be	exercised	may	exceed	(i)	the	number	of	shares	of	Common	Stock	that	were	available	for	sale	under	the	Plan	on	the	Offering	Date	of
the	applicable	Offering	Period,	or	(ii)	the	number	of	shares	of	Common	Stock	available	for	sale	under	the	Plan	on	such	Exercise	Date,	the	Administrator
may	in	its	sole	discretion	provide	that	the	Company	will	make	a	pro	rata	allocation	of	the	shares	of	Common	Stock	available	for	purchase	on	such
Offering	Date	or	Exercise	Date,	as	applicable,	in	as	uniform	a	manner	as	will	be	practicable	and	as	it	will	determine	in	its	sole	discretion	to	be	equitable
among	all	Participants	exercising	options	to	purchase	Common	Stock	on	such	Exercise	Date,	and	continue	all	Offering	Periods	then	in	effect	or
terminate	all	Offering	Periods	then	in	effect	pursuant	to	Section	20.		The	Company	may	make	a	pro	rata	allocation	of	the	shares	available	on	the
Offering	Date	of	any	applicable	Offering	Period	pursuant	to	the	preceding	sentence,	notwithstanding	any	authorization	of	additional	shares	for	issuance
under	the	Plan	by	the	Company’s	stockholders	subsequent	to	such	Offering	Date.
9.	
Delivery
.		As	soon	as	reasonably	practicable	after	each	Exercise	Date	on	which	a	purchase	of	shares	of	Common	Stock	occurs,	the
Company	will	arrange	the	delivery	to	each	Participant	of	the	shares	purchased	upon	exercise	of	his	or	her	option	in	a	form	determined	by	the
Administrator	(in	its	sole	discretion)	and	pursuant	to	rules	established	by	the	Administrator.		The	Company	may	permit	or	require	that	shares	be
deposited	directly	with	a	broker	designated	by	the	Company	or	to	a	designated	agent	of	the	Company,	and	the	Company	may	utilize	electronic	or
automated	methods	of	share	transfer.		The	Company	may	require	that	shares	be	retained	with	such	broker	or	agent	for	a	designated	period	of	time
and/or	may	establish	other	procedures	to	permit	tracking	of	disqualifying	dispositions	of	such	shares.		No	Participant	will	have	any	voting,	dividend,	or
other	stockholder	rights	with	respect	to	shares	of	Common	Stock	subject	to	any	option	granted	under	the	Plan	until	such	shares	have	been	purchased
and	delivered	to	the	Participant	as	provided	in	this	Section	9.
10.	
Withdrawal
.
(a)	A	Participant	may	withdraw	all	but	not	less	than	all	the	payroll	deductions	credited	to	his	or	her	account	and	not	yet	used	to
exercise	his	or	her	option	under	the	Plan	at	any	time	by	(i)	submitting	to	the	Company’s	payroll	office	(or	its	designee)	a	written	notice	of	withdrawal	in
the	form	prescribed	by	the	Administrator	for	such	purpose	(which	may	be	similar	to	the	form	attached	hereto	as	Exhibit	B),	or	(ii)	following	an
electronic	or	other	withdrawal	procedure	prescribed	by	the	Administrator.		All	of	the	Participant’s	payroll	deductions	credited	to	his	or	her	account	will
be	paid	to	such	Participant	promptly	after	receipt	of	notice	of	withdrawal	and	such	Participant’s	option	for	the	Offering	Period	will	be	automatically
terminated,	and	no	further	payroll	deductions	for	the	purchase	of	shares	will	be	made	for	such	Offering	Period.		If	a	Participant	withdraws	from	an
Offering	Period,	payroll	deductions	will	not	resume	at	the	beginning	of	the	succeeding	Offering	Period,	unless	the	Participant	re-enrolls	in	the	Plan	in
accordance	with	the	provisions	of	Section	5.
(b)	A	Participant’s	withdrawal	from	an	Offering	Period	will	not	have	any	effect	upon	his	or	her	eligibility	to	participate	in	any
similar	plan	which	may	hereafter	be	adopted	by	the	Company	or	in	succeeding	Offering	Periods,	which	commence	after	the	termination	of	the	Offering
Period	from	which	the	Participant	withdraws.
11.	
Termination	of	Employment
.		Upon	a	Participant’s	ceasing	to	be	an	Eligible	Employee,	for	any	reason,	he	or	she	will	be	deemed	to	have
elected	to	withdraw	from	the	Plan	and	the	payroll	deductions	credited	to	such	Participant’s	account	during	the	Offering	Period	but	not	yet	used	to
purchase	shares	of	Common	Stock	under	thePlan	will	be	returned	to	such	Participant	or,	in	the	case	of	his	or	her	death,	to	the	person	or	persons	entitled	thereto	under	Section	15,	and	such
Participant’s	option	will	be	automatically	terminated.
12.	
Interest
.		No	interest	will	accrue	on	the	payroll	deductions	of	a	Participant	in	the	Plan.
13.	
Stock
.
(a)	Subject	to	adjustment	upon	changes	in	capitalization	of	the	Company	as	provided	in	Section	19	hereof,	the	maximum	number
of	shares	of	Common	Stock	which	will	be	made	available	for	sale	under	the	Plan	will	be	1,666,666	shares,	plus	an	annual	increase	to	be	added	on	the
first	day	of	each	Fiscal	Year	beginning	with	the	2011	Fiscal	Year,	equal	to	the	least	of	(i)	1,000,000	shares	of	Common	Stock,	(ii)	one	percent	(1%)	of	the
outstanding	shares	of	Common	Stock	on	such	date,	or	(iii)	an	amount	determined	by	the	Administrator.
(b)	Until	the	shares	are	issued	(as	evidenced	by	the	appropriate	entry	on	the	books	of	the	Company	or	of	a	duly	authorized
transfer	agent	of	the	Company),	a	Participant	will	only	have	the	rights	of	an	unsecured	creditor	with	respect	to	such	shares,	and	no	right	to	vote	or
receive	dividends	or	any	other	rights	as	a	stockholder	will	exist	with	respect	to	such	shares.
(c)	Shares	of	Common	Stock	to	be	delivered	to	a	Participant	under	the	Plan	will	be	registered	in	the	name	of	the	Participant	or	in
the	name	of	the	Participant	and	his	or	her	spouse.
14.	
Administration
.		The	Plan	will	be	administered	by	the	Board	or	a	Committee	appointed	by	the	Board,	which	Committee	will	be
constituted	to	comply	with	Applicable	Laws.		The	Administrator	will	have	full	and	exclusive	discretionary	authority	to	construe,	interpret	and	apply	the
terms	of	the	Plan,	to	determine	eligibility	and	to	adjudicate	all	disputed	claims	filed	under	the	Plan.		Every	finding,	decision	and	determination	made	by
the	Administrator	will,	to	the	full	extent	permitted	by	law,	be	final	and	binding	upon	all	parties.		Notwithstanding	any	provision	to	the	contrary	in	this
Plan,	the	Administrator	may	adopt	rules	or	procedures	relating	to	the	operation	and	administration	of	the	Plan	to	accommodate	the	specific
requirements	of	local	laws	and	procedures	for	jurisdictions	outside	of	the	United	States.		Without	limiting	the	generality	of	the	foregoing,	the
Administrator	is	specifically	authorized	to	adopt	rules	and	procedures	regarding	eligibility	to	participate,	the	definition	of	Compensation,	handling	of
payroll	deductions,	making	of	contributions	to	the	Plan	(including,	without	limitation,	in	forms	other	than	payroll	deductions),	establishment	of	bank	or
trust	accounts	to	hold	payroll	deductions,	payment	of	interest,	conversion	of	local	currency,	obligations	to	pay	payroll	tax,	determination	of	beneficiary
designation	requirements,	withholding	procedures	and	handling	of	stock	certificates	which	vary	with	local	requirements.
15.	
Designation	of	Beneficiary
.
(a)	A	Participant	may	file	a	designation	of	a	beneficiary	who	is	to	receive	any	shares	of	Common	Stock	and	cash,	if	any,	from	the
Participant’s	account	under	the	Plan	in	the	event	of	such	Participant’s	death	subsequent	to	an	Exercise	Date	on	which	the	option	is	exercised	but	prior
to	delivery	to	such	Participant	of	such	shares	and	cash.		In	addition,	a	Participant	may	file	a	designation	of	a	beneficiary	who	is	to	receive	any	cash	from
the	Participant’s	account	under	the	Plan	in	the	event	of	such	Participant’s	death	prior	to	exercise	of	the	option.		If	a	Participant	is	married	and	the
designated	beneficiary	is	not	the	spouse,	spousal	consent	will	be	required	for	such	designation	to	be	effective.
(b)	Such	designation	of	beneficiary	may	be	changed	by	the	Participant	at	any	time	by	notice	in	a	form	determined	by	the
Administrator.		In	the	event	of	the	death	of	a	Participant	and	in	the	absence	of	a	beneficiary	validly	designated	under	the	Plan	who	is	living	at	the	time
of	such	Participant’s	death,	the	Company	will	deliver	such	shares	and/or	cash	to	the	executor	or	administrator	of	the	estate	of	the	Participant,	or	if	no
such	executor	or	administrator	has	been	appointed	(to	the	knowledge	of	the	Company),	the	Company,	in	its	discretion,	may	deliver	such	shares	and/or
cash	to	the	spouse	or	to	any	one	or	more	dependents	or	relatives	of	the	Participant,	or	if	no	spouse,	dependent	or	relative	is	known	to	the	Company,
then	to	such	other	person	as	the	Company	may	designate.
(c)	All	beneficiary	designations	will	be	in	such	form	and	manner	as	the	Administrator	may	designate	from	time	to	time.16.	
Transferability
.		Neither	payroll	deductions	credited	to	a	Participant’s	account	nor	any	rights	with	regard	to	the	exercise	of	an	option	or
to	receive	shares	of	Common	Stock	under	the	Plan	may	be	assigned,	transferred,	pledged	or	otherwise	disposed	of	in	any	way	(other	than	by	will,	the
laws	of	descent	and	distribution	or	as	provided	in	Section	15	hereof)	by	the	Participant.		Any	such	attempt	at	assignment,	transfer,	pledge	or	other
disposition	will	be	without	effect,	except	that	the	Company	may	treat	such	act	as	an	election	to	withdraw	funds	from	an	Offering	Period	in	accordance
with	Section	10	hereof.
17.	
Use	of	Funds
.		The	Company	may	use	all	payroll	deductions	received	or	held	by	it	under	the	Plan	for	any	corporate	purpose,	and	the
Company	will	not	be	obligated	to	segregate	such	payroll	deductions.		Until	shares	of	Common	Stock	are	issued,	Participants	will	only	have	the	rights	of
an	unsecured	creditor	with	respect	to	such	shares.
18.	
Reports
.		Individual	accounts	will	be	maintained	for	each	Participant	in	the	Plan.		Statements	of	account	will	be	given	to	participating
Eligible	Employees	at	least	annually,	which	statements	will	set	forth	the	amounts	of	payroll	deductions,	the	Purchase	Price,	the	number	of	shares	of
Common	Stock	purchased	and	the	remaining	cash	balance,	if	any.
19.	
Adjustments,	Dissolution,	Liquidation,	Merger	or	Change	in	Control
.
(a)	
Adjustments
.		In	the	event	that	any	dividend	or	other	distribution	(whether	in	the	form	of	cash,	Common	Stock,	other
securities,	or	other	property),	recapitalization,	stock	split,	reverse	stock	split,	reorganization,	merger,	consolidation,	split-up,	spin-off,	combination,
repurchase,	or	exchange	of	Common	Stock	or	other	securities	of	the	Company,	or	other	change	in	the	corporate	structure	of	the	Company	affecting	the
Common	Stock	occurs,	the	Administrator,	in	order	to	prevent	dilution	or	enlargement	of	the	benefits	or	potential	benefits	intended	to	be	made	available
under	the	Plan,	will,	in	such	manner	as	it	may	deem	equitable,	adjust	the	number	and	class	of	Common	Stock	that	may	be	delivered	under	the	Plan,	the
Purchase	Price	per	share	and	the	number	of	shares	of	Common	Stock	covered	by	each	option	under	the	Plan	which	has	not	yet	been	exercised,	and	the
numerical	limits	of	Sections	7and	13.
(b)	
Dissolution	or	Liquidation
.		In	the	event	of	the	proposed	dissolution	or	liquidation	of	the	Company,	any	Offering	Period	then
in	progress	will	be	shortened	by	setting	a	New	Exercise	Date,	and	will	terminate	immediately	prior	to	the	consummation	of	such	proposed	dissolution	or
liquidation,	unless	provided	otherwise	by	the	Administrator.		The	New	Exercise	Date	will	be	before	the	date	of	the	Company’s	proposed	dissolution	or
liquidation.		The	Administrator	will	notify	each	Participant	in	writing,	at	least	ten	(10)	business	days	prior	to	the	New	Exercise	Date,	that	the	Exercise
Date	for	the	Participant’s	option	has	been	changed	to	the	New	Exercise	Date	and	that	the	Participant’s	option	will	be	exercised	automatically	on	the
New	Exercise	Date,	unless	prior	to	such	date	the	Participant	has	withdrawn	from	the	Offering	Period	as	provided	in	Section	10	hereof.
(c)	
Merger	or	Change	in	Control
.		In	the	event	of	a	merger	or	Change	in	Control,	each	outstanding	option	will	be	assumed	or	an
equivalent	option	substituted	by	the	successor	corporation	or	a	Parent	or	Subsidiary	of	the	successor	corporation.		In	the	event	that	the	successor
corporation	refuses	to	assume	or	substitute	for	the	option,	the	Offering	Period	with	respect	to	which	such	option	relates	will	be	shortened	by	setting	a
New	Exercise	Date	and	will	end	on	the	New	Exercise	Date.		The	New	Exercise	Date	will	occur	before	the	date	of	the	Company’s	proposed	merger	or
Change	in	Control.		The	Administrator	will	notify	each	Participant	in	writing	prior	to	the	New	Exercise	Date,	that	the	Exercise	Date	for	the	Participant’s
option	has	been	changed	to	the	New	Exercise	Date	and	that	the	Participant’s	option	will	be	exercised	automatically	on	the	New	Exercise	Date,	unless
prior	to	such	date	the	Participant	has	withdrawn	from	the	Offering	Period	as	provided	in	Section	10	hereof.
20.	
Amendment	or	Termination
.
(a)	The	Administrator,	in	its	sole	discretion,	may	amend,	suspend,	or	terminate	the	Plan,	or	any	part	thereof,	at	any	time	and	for
any	reason.		If	the	Plan	is	terminated,	the	Administrator,	in	its	discretion,	may	elect	to	terminate	all	outstanding	Offering	Periods	either	immediately	or
upon	completion	of	the	purchase	of	shares	of	Common	Stock	on	the	next	Exercise	Date	(which	may	be	sooner	than	originally	scheduled,	if	determined
by	the	Administrator	in	its	discretion),	or	may	elect	to	permit	Offering	Periods	to	expire	in	accordance	with	their	terms	(and	subject	to	any	adjustment
pursuant	to	Section	19).		If	the	Offering	Periods	are	terminated	prior	to	expiration,	allamounts	then	credited	to	Participants’	accounts	which	have	not	been	used	to	purchase	shares	of	Common	Stock	will	be	returned	to	the	Participants
(without	interest	thereon,	except	as	otherwise	required	under	local	laws)	as	soon	as	administratively	practicable.
(b)	Without	stockholder	consent	and	without	limiting	Section	20(a),	the	Administrator	will	be	entitled	to	change	the	Offering
Periods,	limit	the	frequency	and/or	number	of	changes	in	the	amount	withheld	during	an	Offering	Period,	establish	the	exchange	ratio	applicable	to
amounts	withheld	in	a	currency	other	than	U.S.	dollars,	permit	payroll	withholding	in	excess	of	the	amount	designated	by	a	Participant	in	order	to
adjust	for	delays	or	mistakes	in	the	Company’s	processing	of	properly	completed	withholding	elections,	establish	reasonable	waiting	and	adjustment
periods	and/or	accounting	and	crediting	procedures	to	ensure	that	amounts	applied	toward	the	purchase	of	Common	Stock	for	each	Participant
properly	correspond	with	amounts	withheld	from	the	Participant’s	Compensation,	and	establish	such	other	limitations	or	procedures	as	the
Administrator	determines	in	its	sole	discretion	advisable	which	are	consistent	with	the	Plan.
(c)	In	the	event	the	Administrator	determines	that	the	ongoing	operation	of	the	Plan	may	result	in	unfavorable	financial
accounting	consequences,	the	Administrator	may,	in	its	discretion	and,	to	the	extent	necessary	or	desirable,	modify,	amend	or	terminate	the	Plan	to
reduce	or	eliminate	such	accounting	consequence	including,	but	not	limited	to:
(i)	amending	the	Plan	to	conform	with	the	safe	harbor	definition	under	Financial	Accounting	Standards	Board
Accounting	Standards	Codification	Topic	718,	including	with	respect	to	an	Offering	Period	underway	at	the	time;
(ii)	altering	the	Purchase	Price	for	any	Offering	Period	including	an	Offering	Period	underway	at	the	time	of	the
change	in	Purchase	Price;
(iii)	shortening	any	Offering	Period	by	setting	a	New	Exercise	Date,	including	an	Offering	Period	underway	at	the
time	of	the	Administrator	action;
(iv)	reducing	the	maximum	percentage	of	Compensation	a	Participant	may	elect	to	set	aside	as	payroll	deductions;
and
(v)	reducing	the	maximum	number	of	Shares	a	Participant	may	purchase	during	any	Offering	Period.
Such	modifications	or	amendments	will	not	require	stockholder	approval	or	the	consent	of	any	Plan	Participants.
21.	
Notices
.		All	notices	or	other	communications	by	a	Participant	to	the	Company	under	or	in	connection	with	the	Plan	will	be	deemed	to
have	been	duly	given	when	received	in	the	form	and	manner	specified	by	the	Company	at	the	location,	or	by	the	person,	designated	by	the	Company	for
the	receipt	thereof.
22.	
Conditions	Upon	Issuance	of	Shares
.		Shares	of	Common	Stock	will	not	be	issued	with	respect	to	an	option	unless	the	exercise	of	such
option	and	the	issuance	and	delivery	of	such	shares	pursuant	thereto	will	comply	with	all	applicable	provisions	of	law,	domestic	or	foreign,	including,
without	limitation,	the	Securities	Act	of	1933,	as	amended,	the	Exchange	Act,	the	rules	and	regulations	promulgated	thereunder,	and	the	requirements
of	any	stock	exchange	upon	which	the	shares	may	then	be	listed,	and	will	be	further	subject	to	the	approval	of	counsel	for	the	Company	with	respect	to
such	compliance.
As	a	condition	to	the	exercise	of	an	option,	the	Company	may	require	the	person	exercising	such	option	to	represent	and	warrant	at	the	time
of	any	such	exercise	that	the	shares	are	being	purchased	only	for	investment	and	without	any	present	intention	to	sell	or	distribute	such	shares	if,	in	the
opinion	of	counsel	for	the	Company,	such	a	representation	is	required	by	any	of	the	aforementioned	applicable	provisions	of	law.23.	
Term	of	Plan
.		The	Plan	will	become	effective	upon	the	earlier	to	occur	of	its	adoption	by	the	Board	or	its	approval	by	the	stockholders	of
the	Company.		It	will	continue	in	effect	for	a	term	of	ten	(10)	years,	unless	sooner	terminated	under	Section	20.
24.	
Stockholder	Approval
.		The	Plan	will	be	subject	to	approval	by	the	stockholders	of	the	Company	within	twelve	(12)	months	after	the	date
the	Plan	is	adopted	by	the	Board.		Such	stockholder	approval	will	be	obtained	in	the	manner	and	to	the	degree	required	under	Applicable	Laws.EXHIBIT	A
TESLA	MOTORS,	INC.
2010	EMPLOYEE	STOCK	PURCHASE	PLAN
SUBSCRIPTION	AGREEMENT
1.	I	hereby	elect	to	participate	in	the	Tesla	Motors,	Inc.	2010	Employee	Stock	Purchase	Plan	(the	“Plan”)	and	subscribe	to	purchase	shares
of	the	Company’s	Common	Stock	in	accordance	with	this	Subscription	Agreement	and	the	Plan.
2.	I	hereby	authorize	payroll	deductions	from	each	paycheck	following	my	entry	into	the	Plan,	and	have	designated	my	rate	of	payroll
deduction	at	________________(from	1	to	15%	of	my	Compensation),	on	each	payday	during	the	Offering	Period	in	accordance	with	the	Plan.	(Please	note
that	no	fractional	percentages	are	permitted,)	I	understand	that	such	payroll	deductions	will	be	accumulated	for	the	purchase	of	shares	of	Common
Stock	at	the	applicable	Purchase	Price	determined	in	accordance	with	the	Plan.	I	understand	that	if	I	do	not	withdraw	from	an	Offering	Period,	any
accumulated	payroll	deductions	will	be	used	to	automatically	exercise	my	option	and	purchase	Common	Stock	under	the	Plan.
3.	I	have	received	and	read	a	copy	of	the	Plan	document	and	the	prospectus	that	describes	the	Plan.	I	understand	that	my	participation	in
the	Plan	is	in	all	respects	subject	to	the	terms	of	the	Plan.
4.	
For	U.S.	Taxpayers:	
I	understand	that	if	I	dispose	of	any	shares	received	by	me	pursuant	to	the	Plan	within	two	(2)	years	after	the
Offering	Date	(the	first	day	of	the	Offering	Period	during	which	I	purchased	such	shares)	or	one	(1)	year	after	the	Exercise	Date,	I	will	be	treated	for
federal	income	tax	purposes	as	having	received	ordinary	income	at	the	time	of	such	disposition	in	an	amount	equal	to	the	excess	of	the	fair	market	value
of	the	shares	at	the	time	such	shares	were	purchased	by	me	over	the	price	which	I	paid	for	the	shares.	
I	hereby	agree	to	notify	the	Company	in	writing
within	thirty	(30)	days		after	the	date	of	any	disposition	of	my		shares	and	I	will	make	adequate	provision	for	federal,	state	or	other	tax	withholding
obligations,	if	any,	which	arise	upon	the	disposition	of	the	Common	Stock
.	The	Company	may,	but	will	not	be	obligated	to,	withhold	from	my
compensation	the	amount	necessary	to	meet	any	applicable	withholding	obligation	including	any	withholding	necessary	to	make	available	to	the
Company	any	tax	deductions	or	benefits	attributable	to	sale	or	early	disposition	of	Common	Stock	by	me.	If	I	dispose	of	such	shares	at	any	time	after	the
expiration	of	the	two	(2)-year	and	one	(1)-year	holding	periods,	I	understand	that	I	will	be	treated	for	federal	income	tax	purposes	as	having	received
income	only	at	the	time	of	such	disposition,	and	that	such	income	will	be	taxed	as	ordinary	income	only	to	the	extent	of	an	
amount	
equal	to	the	lesser	of
(a)	the	excess	of	the	fair	market	value	of	the	shares	at	the	time	of	such	disposition	over	the	purchase	price	which	I	paid	for	the	shares,	or	(b)	fifteen
percent	(15%)	of	the	fair	market	value	of	the	shares	on	the	first	trading	day	of	the	Offering	Period.				The	remainder	of	the	gain,	if	any,	recognized	on
such	disposition	will	be	taxed	as	capital
	
gain.
5.	I	hereby	agree	to	be	bound	by	the	terms	of	the	Plan,	including	(but	not	limited	to)	the	power	of	the	Administrator	of	the	Plan	to	interpret
the	Plan,	to	make	all	determinations	under	the	Plan	and	to	amend	or	terminate	the	Plan	at	any	time.	The	effectiveness	of	this	Subscription	Agreement	is
dependent	upon	my	eligibility	to	participate	in	the	Plan.
	
________________________________________
Name
________________________________________
Employee	ID	Number	(Required	(6	digits))
________________________________________
Social	Security	Number
________________________________________
DateEXHIBIT	B
TESLA	MOTORS,	INC.
2010	EMPLOYEE	STOCK	PURCHASE	PLAN
NOTICE	OF	WITHDRAWAL
The	undersigned	Participant	in	the	Offering	Period	of	the	Tesla	Motors,	Inc.	2010	Employee	Stock	Purchase	Plan	that	began	on	____________,
______	(the	“
Offering	Date
”)	hereby	notifies	the	Company	that	he	or	she	hereby	withdraws	from	the	Offering	Period.		He	or	she	hereby	directs	the
Company	to	pay	to	the	undersigned	as	promptly	as	practicable	all	the	payroll	deductions	credited	to	his	or	her	account	with	respect	to	such	Offering
Period.		The	undersigned	understands	and	agrees	that	his	or	her	option	for	such	Offering	Period	will	be	automatically	terminated.		The	undersigned
understands	further	that	no	further	payroll	deductions	will	be	made	for	the	purchase	of	shares	in	the	current	Offering	Period	and	the	undersigned	will
be	eligible	to	participate	in	succeeding	Offering	Periods	only	by	delivering	to	the	Company	a	new	Subscription	Agreement.
Name	and	Address	of	Participant:
	
	
	
	
Signature:
	
Date:
	
	
	
Exhibit	10.12
	
October	8,	2015
Jason	Wheeler
Dear	Jason:
Tesla	Motors,	Inc.	(“Tesla”	or	the	“Company”)	is	pleased	to	offer	you	the	exempt,	salaried	position	of	Chief	Financial	Officer	(CFO)
on	the	terms	set	forth	below.		As	CFO,	you	will	perform	the	duties	customarily	associated	with	this	position.	You	will	report	to	Elon
Musk,	Chief	Executive	Officer.	
Your	duties,	responsibilities,	job	title,	and	work	location	may	be	changed	at	any	time	by	Tesla.
Your	annualized	salary	will	be	$500,000	per	year,	subject	to	standard	payroll	deductions	and	withholdings.	As	an	exempt	employee,
you	will	not	be	entitled	to	overtime.		You	will	be	eligible	for	vacation	and	sick	leave	according	to	Tesla's	standard	policy.		Subject	to
the	rules	of	the	applicable	plan	documents,	you	will	also	be	eligible	to	receive	other	benefits	Tesla	may	provide	to	its	employees
(e.g.,	health	and	dental	insurance	coverage)	beginning	on	your	date	of	hire.		Tesla	may	consider	you	for	bonuses,	although	the
amount	of	such	bonuses,	if	any,	and	the	criteria	for	determining	the	award	of	such	bonuses,	if	any,	shall	be	in	the	sole	discretion	of
Tesla.		Of	course,	Tesla	reserves	the	right	to	modify	your	compensation	and	benefits	from	time	to	time,	as	it	deems	necessary.
Tesla	Motors,	Inc.	offers	a	competitive	benefits	package	described	below:
Equity	Grant:
		Subject	to	the	approval	of	the	Compensation	Committee	of	Tesla's	Board	of	Directors	and	our	standard
equity	policies,	you	will	receive	an	equity	award	with	a	value	of	$15	million	in	the	form	of	stock	options,	which	you	will
only	receive	at	the	time	of	vesting,	as	described	below.		This	value	is	determined	based	on	our	standard	equity	granting
policies.		The	actual	number	of	Shares	and	stock	options	that	you	receive	will	depend	on	the	value	of	our	stock	at	or
around	the	time	your	grant	is	approved,	as	determined	by	Tesla’s	Compensation	Committee.		Please	note	that	for
purposes	of	this	allocation,	1	Share	is	equivalent	to	3.00	stock	options.		This	award,	which	is	made	pursuant	to	Tesla's
2010	Equity	Incentive	Plan,	shall	be	subject	to	vesting	conditions.		
Specifically,	the	Shares	shall	vest	over	a	period	of	four	years:	twenty-five	percent	(25%)	of	the	award	shall	vest	on	each	of
the	first,	second,	third,	and	fourth	anniversary	of	the	date	vesting	begins	(such	date	to	be	indicated	in	your	Award
Agreement),	subject	to	your	continuing	eligibility	through	the	applicable	vesting	dates.		In	contrast,	with	respect	to	stock
options,	twenty-five	percent	(25%)	of	the	shares	subject	to	the	option	shall	vest	12	months	after	the	date	your	vesting
begins	and	no	shares	shall	vest	before	such	date	and	no	rights	to	any	vesting	shall	be	earned	or	accrued	prior	to	such
date,	and	the	remaining	shares	shall	vest	monthly	over	the	next	36	months	in	equal	monthly	amounts	subject	to	your
continuing	eligibility.		No	Shares	or	stock	options	shall	vest	other	than	on
		
the	anniversary	dates.		This	grant	shall	be	subject	to	the	terms	and	conditions	of	Tesla’s	
2010	Equity	Incentive	Plan	and
your	Award	Agreement,	
including	vesting	requirements.
Please	be	aware	that	Tesla	makes	no	representation	about	the	future	value	of	the	equity	award	granted	herein,	and	you
should	be	aware	that	the	value	of	this	award	will	fluctuate	in	the	future.		Finally,	the	receipt	of	this	award	is	subject	to
your	signing	the	appropriate	grant	agreements.
401K	Program:
	You	will	be	eligible	to	participate	in	Tesla’s	401K	program	after	your	first	pay	check.	Our	401K	program
is	administered	by	Fidelity	Investments.
Vacation	Program:
	Regular	full-time	employees	and	part-time	employees	who	work	20	hours	per	week	are	eligible	for
PTO	immediately	and	accrue	PTO	at	1.25	days	per	month	(for	a	total	of	15	days	per	calendar	year).
The	Company	is	excited	about	your	joining	and	looks	forward	to	a	beneficial	and	fruitful	relationship.		Nevertheless,	you	should	be
aware	that	your	employment	with	the	Company	is	for	no	specified	period	and	constitutes	at-will	employment.		As	a	result,	you	are
free	to	resign	at	any	time,	for	any	reason	or	for	no	reason,	with	or	without	notice.		Similarly,	the	Company	is	free	to	conclude	its
employment	relationship	with	you	at	any	time,	with	or	without	cause,	and	with	or	without	notice.
We	ask	that,	if	you	have	not	already	done	so,	you	disclose	to	Tesla	any	and	all	agreements	relating	to	your	prior	employment	that
may	affect	your	eligibility	to	be	employed	by	Tesla	or	limit	the	manner	in	which	you	may	be	employed.		It	is	Tesla’s	understanding
that	any	such	agreements	will	not	prevent	you	from	performing	the	duties	of	your	position	and	you	represent	that	such	is	the
case.		
We	want	to	emphasize	that	we	do	not	wish	you	to	bring	any	confidential	or	proprietary	materials	of	any	former	employer
which	would	violate	any	obligations	you	may	have	to	your	former	employer
.		
You	agree	not	to	make	any	unauthorized	disclosure	to
Tesla	or	use	on	behalf	of	Tesla	any	confidential	information	belonging	to	any	of	your	former	employers	(except	in	accordance	with
agreements	between	Tesla	and	any	such	former	employer).		You	also	warrant	that	you	do	not	possess	any	property	containing	a
third	party's	confidential	and	proprietary	information.		Of	course,	during	your	employment	with	Tesla,	you	may	make	use	of
information	generally	known	and	used	by	persons	with	training	and	experience	comparable	to	your	own,	and	information	which	is
common	knowledge	in	the	industry	or	is	otherwise	legally	available	in	the	public	domain.	Moreover,	you	agree	that,	during	the	term
of	your	employment	with	the	Company,	you	will	not	engage	in	any	other	employment,	occupation,	consulting	or	other	business
activity	directly	related	to	the	business	in	which	Tesla	is	now	involved	or	becomes	involved	during	the	term	of	your	employment,
nor	will	you	engage	in	any	other	activities	that	conflict	with	your	obligations	to	Tesla.
As	a	Tesla	employee,	you	will	be	expected	to	abide	by	all	Tesla	policies	and	procedures,	and
,	as	a	condition	of	your	employment,	you
will
	sign	and	comply	with	Tesla's	standard	confidentiality	agreement	which	prohibits	unauthorized	use	or	disclosure	of	Tesla
confidential	information	or	the	confidential	information	of	Tesla's	clients.
In	addition,	to	ensure	the	rapid	and	economical	resolution	of	disputes	that	may	arise	in	connection	with	your	employment	with
Tesla,	you	and	Tesla	agree	that	any	and	all	disputes,	claims,	or	causes	of	action,	in	law	or	equity,	arising	from	or	relating	to	your
employment,	or	the	termination	of	your	employment,	will	be	resolved,	to	the	fullest	extent	permitted	by	law	by	
final,	binding	and
confidential	arbitration
	in	your	city	and	state	of	employment	conducted	by	the
		
Judicial	Arbitration	and	Mediation	Services/Endispute,	Inc.	(“J
AMS”),	or	its	successors,	under	
the	
then	current	rules	of	JAMS	for
employment	disputes;	provided	that:		
	
a.
Any	claim,	dispute,	or	cause	of	action	must	be	brought	in	a	party’s	individual	capacity,	and	not	as	a	plaintiff	or	class
member	in	any	purported	class	or	representative	proceeding;	and
	
b.
The	arbitrator	shall	have	the	authority	to	compel	adequate	discovery	for	the	resolution	of	the	dispute	and	to	award	such
relief	as	would	otherwise	be	permitted	by	law;	and
	
c.
The	arbitrator	shall	not	have	the	authority	to	consolidate	the	claims	of	other	employees	and	shall	not	have	the	authority
to	fashion	a	proceeding	as	a	class	or	collective	action	or	to	award	relief	to	a	group	or	class	of	employees	in	one
arbitration	proceeding;	and
	
d.
The	arbitrator	shall	issue	a	written	arbitration	decision	including	the	arbitrator’s	essential	findings	and	conclusions	and	a
statement	of	the	award;	and
	
e.
Both	you	and	Tesla	shall	be	entitled	to	all	rights	and	remedies	that	you	or	Tesla	would	be	entitled	to	pursue	in	a	court	of
law;	and
	
f.
Tesla	shall	pay	all	fees	in	excess	of	those	which	would	be	required	if	the	dispute	was	decided	in	a	court	of	law.
Nothing	in	this	agreement	is	intended	to	prevent	either	you	or	Tesla	from	obtaining	injunctive	relief	in	court	to	prevent	irreparable
harm	pending	the	conclusion	of	any	such	arbitration.		Notwithstanding	the	foregoing,	you	and	Tesla	each	have	the	right	to	resolve
any	issue	or	dispute	arising	under	the	Proprietary	Information	and	Inventions	Agreement	by	Court	action	instead	of	arbitration.
Arbitrable	claims	do	not	include,	and	this	Agreement	does	not	apply	to	or	otherwise	restrict,	administrative	claims	you	may	bring
before	any	government	agency	where,	as	a	matter	of	law,	the	parties	may	not	restrict	your	ability	to	file	such	claims	(including
discrimination	and/or	retaliation	claims	filed	with	the	Equal	Employment	Opportunity	Commission	and	unfair	labor	practice	charges
filed	with	the	National	Labor	Relations	Board).	Otherwise,	it	is	agreed	that	arbitration	shall	be	the	exclusive	remedy	for
administrative	claims.
You	acknowledge	and	agree	that:	(i)	in	the	course	of	your	employment	by	the	Company,	it	will	be	necessary	for	you	to	create,	use,
or	have	access	to	(A)	technical,	business,	or	customer	information,	materials,	or	data	relating	to	the	Company’s	present	or	planned
business	that	has	not	been	released	to	the	public	with	the	Company’s	authorization,	including,	but	not	limited	to,	confidential
information,	materials,	or	proprietary	data	belonging	to	the	Company	or	relating	to	the	Company’s	affairs	(collectively,
“Confidential	Information”)	and	(B)	information	and	materials	that	concern	the	Company’s	business	that	come	into	the	Company’s
possession	by	reason	of	employment	with	the	Company	(collectively,	“Business	Related	Information”);	(ii)	all	Confidential
Information	and	Business	Related	Information	are	the	property	of	the	Company;	(iii)	the	use,	misappropriation,	or	disclosure	of	any
Confidential	Information	or	Business	Related	Information	would	constitute	a	breach	of	trust	and	could	cause	serious	and
irreparable	injury	to	the	Company;	and	(iv)	it	is	essential	to	the	protection	of	the	Company’s	goodwill	and	maintenance	of	the
Company’s	competitive	position	that	all	Confidential	Information	and	Business	Related	Information	be	kept	confidential	and	that
you	do	not	disclose	any	Confidential	Information	or	Business	Related	Information	to	others	or	use	Confidential	Information	or
Business	Related	Information	to	your	own	advantage	or	the	advantage	of	others.
		
In	recognition	of	the	acknowledgment		above,	you	agree	that	until	the	Confidential	Information	and/or	Business	Related	Information
becomes	publicly	available	(other	than	through	a	breach	by	you),	you	shall:	(i)	hold	and	safeguard	all	Confidential	Information	and
Business	Related	Information	in	trust	for	the	Company;	(ii)	not	appropriate	or	disclose	or	make	available	to	anyone	for	use	outside
of	the	Company’s	organization	at	any	time	any	Confidential	Information	and	Business	Related	Information,	whether	or	not
developed	by	you;	(iii)	keep	in	strictest	confidence	any	Confidential	Information	or	Business	Related	Information;	(iv)	not	disclose	or
divulge,	or	allow	to	be	disclosed	or	divulged	by	any	person	within	your	control,	to	any	person,	firm,	or	corporation,	or	use	directly
or	indirectly,	for	your	own	benefit	or	the	benefit	of	others,	any	Confidential	Information	or	Business	Related	Information;	and	(v)
upon	the	termination	of	your	employment,	return	all	Confidential	Information	and	Business	Records	and	not	make	or	retain	any
copies	or	exacts	thereof.
If	you	accept	our	offer,	your	first	day	of	employment	is	to	be	Monday,	November	30
th
,	2015.		This	letter	agreement	constitutes	the
complete,	final	and	exclusive	embodiment	of	the	entire	agreement	between	you	and	Tesla	with	respect	to	the	terms	and	conditions
of	your	employment,	and	it	supersedes	any	other	agreements	or	promises	made	to	you	by	anyone,	whether	oral	or	written.	This
Agreement	cannot	be	changed,	amended,	or	modified	except	in	a	written	agreement	signed	by	an	officer	of	Tesla.	This	letter
agreement	shall	be	construed	and	interpreted	in	accordance	with	the	laws	of	the	State	of	California.
As	required	by	immigration	law,	this	offer	of	employment	is	
conditioned	upon
	satisfactory	proof	of	your	right	to	work	in	the	United
States.
This	offer	of	employment	is	contingent	upon	the	successful	completion	of	your	reference	and	background	checks.
If	you	choose	to	accept	our	offer	under	the	terms	described	above,	please	indicate	your	acceptance,	by	signing	below	and	returning
it	to	me	prior	to	Monday,	October	12
th
,	2015	
after	which	date
	this	offer	will	expire.
We	look	forward	to	your	favorable	reply	and	to	a	productive	and	enjoyable	work	relationship.
	
Very	truly	yours,
Tesla	Motors,	Inc.
	
	
Elon	Musk
Chairman	of	the	Board	and	CEO
	
	
Accepted	by:
/s/	Jason	Wheeler
	
Date:
10/9/15
	
	
	
	
Start	Date:
Monday,	November	30
th
,	2015
	
	
Exhibit	10.25A
CONFIDENTIAL
	
February	24,	2015
	
To:
Director,	Battery	Technology
	
Tesla	Motors,	Inc.
	
3500	Deer	Creek	Road	Palo	Alto,	CA	94304
Cc:	Legal	Department
RE:
Notification	of	adding	Panasonic	Energy	Corporation	of	North	America	as	a	Co-Party	to	General	Terms	and
Conditions,	Production	Pricing	Agreement	and	Investment	Letter	Agreement	for	Panasonic’s	First	Line	Unit	at
Giga-Factory
Dear	Mr.	Kurt	Kelty,
This	letter	is	to	notify	Tesla	Motors,	Inc.	pursuant	to	Section	16.4(a)(i)	of	General	Terms	and	Conditions	dated	October	1,	2014
between	Tesla	Motors,	Inc.	and	Panasonic	Corporation	(“General	Terms”)	that	Panasonic	Energy	Corporation	of	North	America,	an
Affiliate	of	Panasonic	Corporation,	
is	added	as	of	January	1,	2015	as	a	co-party	to	those	General	Terms,	Production	Pricing
Agreement	dated	September	30,	2014	and	Investment	Letter	Agreement	for	Panasonic’s	First	Production	Line	Unit	at	Giga-Factory
dated	October	1,	2014.
Please	kindly	indicate	Tesla’s	confirmation	on	the	foregoing	by	signing	where	indicated	below,	and	return	the	original	to	PanasonicCorporation.
Sincerely	yours,
	
/s/	Shinji	Sakamoto
	
/s/	Masayuki	Kitabayashi
Shinji	Sakamoto
	
Masayuki	Kitabayashi
Executive	Officer
	
President
Senior	Vice	President
	
Panasonic	Energy	Corporation	of	North	America
Automotive	&	Industrial	Systems	Company
	
	
Panasonic	Corporation
	
	
	
	
	
Confirmed	by	Tesla	Motors,	Inc.
	
	
	
	
	
By:
/s/	JB	Straubel
	
	
Name:	JB	Straubel
	
	
Title:	CTO
	
	
Tesla	Motors,	Inc.
	
	
	
	
	
Exhibit	10.28B
Execution	Version
SECOND	AMENDMENT	TO	CREDIT	AGREEMENT
SECOND	AMENDMENT	TO	CREDIT	AGREEMENT	(this	“
Amendment
”),	dated	as	of	December	31,	2015,	to	that	certain	ABL	Credit
Agreement,	dated	as	of	June	10,	2015	(as	amended,	supplemented	or	otherwise	modified	through	the	date	hereof,	the	“
Credit	Agreement
”),	among
Tesla	Motors,	Inc.	(the	“
Company
”,	and	together	with	each	Wholly-Owned	Domestic	Subsidiary	of	the	Company	that	becomes	a	U.S.	Borrower	pursuant
to	the	terms	of	the	Credit	Agreement,	collectively,	the	“
U.S.	Borrowers
”),	Tesla	Motors	Netherlands	B.V.	(“
Tesla	B.V.
”,	and	together	with	each	Wholly-
Owned	Dutch	Subsidiary	of	Tesla	B.V.	that	becomes	a	Dutch	Borrower	pursuant	to	the	terms	of	the	Credit	Agreement,	collectively,	the	“
Dutch
Borrowers
”;	and	the	Dutch	Borrowers,	together	with	the	U.S.	Borrowers,	collectively,	the	“
Borrowers
”),	the	lenders	from	time	to	time	party	thereto	(the
“
Lenders
”),	Deutsche	Bank	AG	New	York	Branch,	as	Administrative	Agent	(the	“
Administrative	Agent
”)	and	as	Collateral	Agent,	and	the	other	agents
party	thereto.
RECITALS
:
WHEREAS,	the	Company	intends	to	form	New	B.V.	(as	defined	below);
WHEREAS,	Tesla	B.V.	will	transfer	certain	of	its	assets	(excluding	assets	included	in	the	Dutch	Borrowing	Base)	to	New	B.V;		
WHEREAS,	pursuant	to	Section	13.12	of	the	Credit	Agreement,	the	Credit	Agreement	may	be	amended	with	the	written	consent	of	the
Required	Lenders	and	each	Credit	Party	party	to	the	Credit	Agreement;	and
WHEREAS,	the	parties	now	wish	to	amend	the	Credit	Agreement	in	certain	respects.
AGREEMENT:
NOW,	THEREFORE,	in	consideration	of	the	premises	and	mutual	covenants	contained	herein,	the	parties	hereto	agree	as	follows:
Section	1
.	Defined	Terms.	
Unless	otherwise	specifically	defined	herein,	each	term	used	herein	(including	in	the	recitals	above)	has	the
meaning	assigned	to	such	term	in	the	Credit	Agreement.
Section	2
.	Amendments.
		
2.1	
Amendments	to	Section	1.1	of	the	Credit	Agreement
.	The	following	definitions	shall	be	inserted	into	Section	1.1	of	the	Credit
Agreement	in	appropriate	alphabetical	order:
“
New	B.V.
”	means	Tesla	International	B.V.,	a	company	organized	under	the	laws	of	the	Netherlands	and	that	is	(or	will	be	when	formed)	a
Wholly-Owned	Subsidiary	of	Tesla	Motors	Netherlands	Coöperatief	U.A.
“
Tax	Sharing	Agreement
”	means	a	tax	sharing	agreement,	entered	into	among	New	B.V.,	Tesla	Motors	Netherlands	Coöperatief	U.A.,	Tesla
B.V.	and	any	other	Dutch	Affiliates	of	Tesla	B.V.	who	may	become	members	of	a	fiscal	unity	(
fiscal	eenheid
)	with	Tesla	B.V.	and		the	other	Dutch	Credit
Parties	from	time	to	time	party	thereto.
“
Second	Amendment
”	means	that	certain	Second	Amendment,	dated	as	of	December	31,	2015,	among	the	Company,	Tesla	B.V.,	the
Administrative	Agent	and	the	Lenders	party	thereto.
		
2.2	
Amendment	to	Section	8.25	of	the	Credit	Agreement
.	Section	8.25	of	the	Credit	Agreement	is	hereby	amended	by	deleting
such	Section	in	its	entirety	and	replacing	it	with	the	following:
“
Fiscal	Unity
.	No	Dutch	Credit	Party	is	a	member	of	a	fiscal	unity	(
fiscal	eenheid
)	other	than	(a)	a	fiscal	unity	among	the	Dutch	Credit
Parties	only	or	(b)	so	long	as	the	Tax	Sharing	Agreement	remains	in	full	force	and	effect,	a	fiscal	unity	among	the	Dutch	Credit	Parties	and	other	Dutch
Affiliates	of	Tesla	B.V.	from	time	to	time	party	to	such	Tax	Sharing	Agreement,	Tesla	Motors	Netherlands	Coöperatief	U.A.,	and	the	New	B.V.”
2.3	
Amendments	to	Section	10.08		of	the	Credit	Agreement
.	Section	10.08	of	the	Credit	Agreement	is	hereby	amended	by
deleting	“or”	at	the	end	of	clause	(b)	thereof,	deleting	the	“.”	at	the	end	of	clause	(c)	thereof	and	inserting	“;	or”	in	lieu	thereof	and		inserting	the
following	new	clause	(d)	after	clause	(c)	thereof:
“amend,	modify,	change	or	waive	any	term	or	provision	of	the	Tax	Sharing	Agreement	in	a	manner	which	is	adverse	to	the	interests	of	the
Lenders	in	any	material	respect	(as	reasonably	determined	by	the	Company	in	consultation	with	the	Administrative	Agent).”
2.4	
Amendment	to	Section	10.13	of	the	Credit	Agreement
.	Section	10.13	of	the	Credit	Agreement	is	hereby	amended	by	deleting
such	Section	in	its	entirety	and	replacing	it	with	the	following:
“
Fiscal	Unity
.	No	Dutch	Credit	Party	shall	create	or	become	a	member	of	a	fiscal	unity	(
fiscal	eenheid
)	other	than	(a)	a	fiscal	unity	among
the	Dutch	Credit	Parties	only	or	(b)	so	long	as	the	Tax	Sharing	Agreement	remains	in	full	force	and	effect,	a	fiscal	unity	among	the	Dutch	Credit	Parties
and	other	Dutch	Affiliates	of	Tesla	B.V.	from	time	to	time	party	to	such	Tax	Sharing	Agreement,	Tesla	Motors	Netherlands	Coöperatief	U.A.	and	the
New	B.V.
Section	3
.	Tax	Sharing	Agreement
.		The	form	of	Tax	Sharing	Agreement	referenced	in	the	Credit	Agreement	(as	amended	
by
	this
Agreement)	has	been	provided	to	the	Administrative	Agent.
Section	4.
	Conditions.	
This	Agreement	shall	become	effective	on	the	date	on	which	the	following	conditions	
precedent
	have	been	satisfied	or	waived	(the
date	on	which	such	conditions	shall	have	been	so	satisfied	or	waived,	the	“
Amendment	Effective	Date
”):
(a)	The	Administrative	Agent	shall	have	received	a	counterpart	of	this	Agreement,	executed	and	delivered	by	the	Credit	Parties,	the
Administrative	Agent	and	the	Required	Lenders.
(b)	All	fees	required	to	be	paid	to	the	Administrative	Agent	and	the	Lenders	in	connection	herewith,	accrued	reasonable	and	documented
out-of-pocket	costs	and	expenses	(including,	to	the	extent	invoiced	in	advance,	reasonable	legal	fees	and	out-of-pocket	expenses	of	counsel)	and	other
compensation	due	and	payable	to	the	Administrative	Agent	and	the	Lenders	on	or	prior	to	the	Amendment	Effective	Date	shall	have	been	paid.
(c)	Each	of	the	representations	and	warranties	made	by	the	Credit	Parties	in	or	pursuant	to	the	Credit	Agreement	or	in	or	pursuant	to	the
other	Credit	Documents	shall	be	true	and	correct	in	all	material	respects	(except	that	any	representation	and	warranty	that	is	qualified	or	subject	to
“Material	Adverse	Effect”	shall	be	true	and	correct	in	all	respects)	on	and	as	of	the	Amendment	Effective	Date	as	if	made	on	and	as	of	such	date	except
for	such	representations	and	warranties	expressly	stated	to	be	made	as	of	an	earlier	date	(in	which	case	such	representations	and	warranties	shall	be
true	and	correct	in	all	material	respects	as	of	such	earlier	date).
(d)	No	Default	or	Event	of	Default	shall	exist	on	the	Amendment	Effective	Date.
(e)	The	Administrative	Agent	shall	have	received	an	officer’s	certificate	from	an	Authorized	Officer	of	the	Company	and	dated	as	of	the
Amendment	Effective	Date,	certifying	that	each	condition	set	forth	in	Sections	4(c)	and	(d)	hereof	have	been	satisfied	on	and	as	of	the	Amendment
Effective	Date.
Section	5.		
Representations	and	Warranties,	etc
.		The	Borrowers	hereby	confirm,	reaffirm	and	restate	that	each	of	the	representations	and
warranties	made	by	any	Credit	Party	in	the	Credit	Documents	is	true	and	correct	in	all	material	respects	on	and	as	of	the	Amendment	Effective	Date	(it
being	understood	and	agreed	that	(x)	any
		
representation	or	warranty	which	by	its	terms	is	made	as	of	a	specified	date	shall	be	required	to	be	true	and	correct	in	all	material	respects	only	as	of
such	specified	date	and	(y)	any	representation	or	warranty	that	is	qualified	by	“materiality”,	“Material	Adverse	Effect”	or	similar	language	shall	be	true
and	correct	in	all	respects).		The	Borrowers	represent	and	warrant	that,	immediately	after	giving	effect	to	the	occurrence	of	the	Amendment	Effective
Date,	no	Default	or	Event	of	Default	has	occurred	and	is	continuing.		The	Borrowers	represent	and	warrant	that	each	Credit	Party	(i)	has	the	Business
power	and	authority	to	execute,	deliver	and	perform	the	terms	and	provisions	of	this	Agreement	and	has	taken	all	necessary	Business	action	to
authorize	the	execution,	delivery	and	performance	by	thereof	and	(ii)	has	duly	executed	and	delivered	this	Agreement,	and	that	this	Agreement
constitutes	a	legal,	valid	and	binding	obligation	of	the	Borrowers	enforceable	against	each	Borrower	in	accordance	with	its	terms,	except	as
enforceability	may	be	limited	by	applicable	bankruptcy,	insolvency,	reorganization,	moratorium	or	similar	laws	affecting	the	enforcement	of	creditors’
rights	generally	and	by	general	equitable	principles	(whether	enforcement	is	sought	by	proceedings	in	equity	or	at	law).
Section	6.	
Governing	Law.	
This	Agreement	and	the	rights	of	the	parties	hereunder	shall	be	governed	by	and	construed	in	accordance	with
the	laws	of	the	State	of	New	York	(without	regard	to	conflicts	of	law	principles	that	would	result	in	the	application	of	any	law	other	than	the	law	of	the
State	of	New	York).
Section	7
.	Effect	of	This	Agreement.	
Except	as	expressly	set	forth	herein,	this	Agreement	shall	not	by	implication	or	otherwise	limit,	impair,
constitute	a	waiver	of	or	otherwise	affect	the	rights	and	remedies	of	any	Lender	or	Agent	under	the	Credit	Agreement	or	any	other	Credit	Document,
and	shall	not	alter,	modify,	amend	or	in	any	way	affect	any	of	the	terms,	conditions,	obligations,	covenants	or	agreements	contained	in	the	Credit
Agreement	or	any	other	Credit	Document,	all	of	which	are	ratified	and	affirmed	in	all	respects	and	shall	continue	in	full	force	and	effect.		Nothing	herein
shall	be	deemed	to	entitle	any	party	to	a	consent	to,	or	a	waiver,	amendment,	modification	or	other	change	of,	any	of	the	terms,	conditions,	obligations,
covenants	or	agreements	contained	in	the	Credit	Agreement	or	any	other	Credit	Document	in	similar	or	different	circumstances.
Section	8.	
Counterparts.	
This	Agreement	may	be	signed	in	any	number	of	counterparts,	each	of	which	shall	be	an	original,	with	the	same
effect	as	if	the	signatures	thereto	and	hereto	were	upon	the	same	instrument.		Delivery	of	an	executed	signature	page	of	this	Agreement	by	facsimile
transmission	or	electronic	transmission	(e.g.,	“pdf”	or	“tif”)	shall	be	effective	as	delivery	of	a	manually	executed	counterpart	hereof.
Section	9
.	Miscellaneous.	
This	Agreement	shall	constitute	a	Credit	Document	for	all	purposes	of	the	Credit	Agreement.	The	Borrowers	shall
pay	all	reasonable	fees,	costs	and	expenses	of	the	Administrative	Agent	incurred	in	connection	with	the	negotiation,	preparation	and	execution	of	this
Agreement	and	the	transactions	contemplated	hereby.
	
[
remainder	of	page	intentionally	left	blank
]
	
	
	
		
IN	WITNESS	WHEREOF,	the	parties	hereto	have	caused	this	
Amendment
	to	be	duly	executed	as	of	the	date	first	above	written.
	
TESLA	MOTORS,	INC.
	
	
By:
/s/	Jason	Wheeler
	
Name:	Jason	Wheeler
	
Title:	Chief	Financial	Officer
	
	
TESLA	MOTORS	NETHERLANDS	B.V.
	
	
By:
/s/	Todd	Maron
	
Name:	Todd	Maron
	
Title:	Managing	Director
	
	
	
	
	
[Second	Amendment	to	Credit	Agreement	–	Signature	Page]	
DEUTSCHE	BANK	AG	NEW	YORK	BRANCH
,	
as	Administrative	Agent,
Collateral	Agent	and	a	Lender
	
	
By:
/s/	Michael	Shannon
	
Name:	Michael	Shannon
	
Title:	Vice	President
	
	
By:
/s/	Ming	K.	Chu
	
Name:	Ming	K.	Chu
	
Title:	Vice	President
	
	
	
	
	
[Second	Amendment	to	Credit	Agreement	–	Signature	Page]	
Bank	of	America,	N.A.,	as	an	Issuing	Lender	and	a	Lender
	
	
By:
/s/	Robert	M.	Dalton
	
Name:	Robert	M.	Dalton
	
Title:		Senior	Vice	President
	
	
	
[Second	Amendment	to	Credit	Agreement	–	Signature	Page]	
JPMorgan	Chase	Bank,	N.A.,	as	an	Issuing	Lender	and	a	Lender
	
	
By:
/s/	Jeannette	Behm
	
Name:	Jeannette	Behm
	
Title:		Authorized	Officer
	
	
	
[Second	Amendment	to	Credit	Agreement	–	Signature	Page]	
Morgan	Stanley	Senior	Funding,	Inc.,	as	a	Lender
	
	
By:
/s/	Emanuel	Ma
	
Name:	Emanuel	Ma
	
Title:		Vice	President
	
	
	
[Second	Amendment	to	Credit	Agreement	–	Signature	Page]	
WELLS	FARGO	BANK,	N.A.,	as	a	Lender
	
	
By:
/s/	Krista	Mize
	
Name:	Krista	Mize
	
Title:		Authorized	Signatory
	
	
	
[Second	Amendment	to	Credit	Agreement	–	Signature	Page]	
CITIBANK,	N.A.,	as	a	Lender
	
	
By:
/s/	K.	Kelly	Gunness
	
Name:	K.	Kelly	Gunness
	
Title:		Vice	President	and	Director
	
	
	
[Second	Amendment	to	Credit	Agreement	–	Signature	Page]	
CREDIT	SUISSE	AG,	CAYMAN	ISLANDS	BRANCH,
as	a	Lender
	
	
By:
/s/	Mikhail	Faybusovich
	
Name:	Mikhail	Faybusovich
	
Title:		Authorized	Signatory
	
	
By:
/s/	Karim	Rahimtoola
	
Name:	Karim	Rahimtoola
	
Title:		Authorized	Signatory
	
	
	
	
	
[Second	Amendment	to	Credit	Agreement	–	Signature	Page]	
GOLDMAN	SACHS	BANK	USA,	as	a	Lender
	
	
By:
/s/	Jerry	Li
	
Name:	Jerry	Li
	
Title:		Authorized	Signatory
	
[Second	Amendment	to	Credit	Agreement	–	Signature	Page]
Exhibit	10.28C
Execution	Version
THIRD	AMENDMENT	TO	CREDIT	AGREEMENT
THIRD	AMENDMENT	TO	CREDIT	AGREEMENT	(this	“
Amendment
”),	dated	as	of	February	9,	2016,	to	that	certain	ABL	Credit	Agreement,
dated	as	of	June	10,	2015	(as	amended,	supplemented	or	otherwise	modified	through	the	date	hereof,	the	“
Credit	Agreement
”),	among	Tesla	Motors,
Inc.	(the	“
Company
”,	and	together	with	each	Wholly-Owned	Domestic	Subsidiary	of	the	Company	that	becomes	a	U.S.	Borrower	pursuant	to	the	terms
of	the	Credit	Agreement,	collectively,	the	“
U.S.	Borrowers
”),	Tesla	Motors	Netherlands	B.V.	(“
Tesla	B.V.
”,	and	together	with	each	Wholly-Owned	Dutch
Subsidiary	of	Tesla	B.V.	that	becomes	a	Dutch	Borrower	pursuant	to	the	terms	of	the	Credit	Agreement,	collectively,	the	“
Dutch	Borrowers
”;	and	the
Dutch	Borrowers,	together	with	the	U.S.	Borrowers,	collectively,	the	“
Borrowers
”),	the	lenders	from	time	to	time	party	thereto	(the	“
Lenders
”),
Deutsche	Bank	AG	New	York	Branch,	as	Administrative	Agent	(the	“
Administrative	Agent
”)	and	as	Collateral	Agent,	and	the	other	agents	party	thereto.
RECITALS:
WHEREAS,	the	Company	has	requested	that	the	available	commitments	under	the	Credit	Agreement	be	increased	from	$750,000,000	to
$1,000,000,000;
WHEREAS,	pursuant	to	Section	13.12	of	the	Credit	Agreement,	the	Credit	Agreement	may	be	amended	with	the	written	consent	of	the
Required	Lenders	and	each	Credit	Party	party	to	the	Credit	Agreement;
WHEREAS,	pursuant	to	Section	13.12,	any	increase	to	the	Revolving	Loan	Commitment	of	any	Lender	requires	the	written	consent	of	such
Lender	(each	Lender	increasing	its	Revolving	Loan	Commitment	pursuant	to	this	Amendment,	an	“
Increasing	Lender
”);	and
WHEREAS,	the	parties	now	wish	to	amend	the	Credit	Agreement	in	certain	respects.
AGREEMENT:
NOW,	THEREFORE,	in	consideration	of	the	premises	and	mutual	covenants	contained	herein,	the	parties	hereto	agree	as	follows:
Section	1
.	Defined	Terms.	
Unless	otherwise	specifically	defined	herein,	each	term	used	herein	(including	in	the	recitals	above)	has	the
meaning	assigned	to	such	term	in	the	Credit	Agreement.
Section	2
.	Amendments.
2.1	
Amendments	to	Section	1.1	of	the	Credit	Agreement
.
2.1.1	The	following	defined	term	shall	be	inserted	into	Section	1.1	of	the	Credit	Agreement	in	appropriate
alphabetical	order:
“
Third	Amendment	Effective	Date
”	shall	mean	February	9,	2016.
2.1.2	The	definition	of	“Total	Revolving	Loan	Commitment”	in	Section	1.1	of	the	Credit	Agreement	shall	be	amended
and	restated	in	its	entirety	as	follows:
“
Total	Revolving	Loan	Commitment
”	shall	mean,	at	any	time,	the	sum	of	the	Revolving	Loan	Commitments	of	each	of
the	Lenders	at	such	time.	As	of	the	Third	Amendment	Effective	Date,	the	Total	Revolving	Loan	Commitment	is	$1,000,000,000.2.2	
Amendment	to	Schedule	1.01(a)	to	the	Credit	Agreement
.	Schedule	1.01(a)	to	the	Credit	Agreement	shall	be	amended	and
restated	in	its	entirety	as	set	forth	on	Schedule	1	hereto.
2.3	
Amendment	to	Dollar	Thresholds
.	The	Credit	Agreement	shall	be	amended	such	that	Section	2.14(e)	of	the	Credit	Agreement
shall	apply	to	the	increase	in	the	Total	Revolving	Loan	Commitment	effected	pursuant	to	this	Amendment	as	if	such	increase	were	a	provision	of
Incremental	Commitments	pursuant	to	Section	2.14	of	the	Credit	Agreement.
2.4	
Amendment	to	Section	10.01(t)	of	the	Credit	Agreement
.		
Clause	(t)	of	Section	10.01	of	the	Credit	Agreement		shall	be
amended	by	inserting	“bankers’	acceptances,	bank	guarantees,”	immediately	after	“letters	of	credit,”	in	the	second	line	thereof	and	by	inserting
“bankers’	acceptances	or	bank	guarantees,”	after	“undrawn	letters	of	credit,”.
2.5	Amendment	to	Section	10.04(m)	of	the	Credit	Agreement.		Clause	(m)	of	Section	10.04	of	the	Credit	Agreement	shall	be
amended	by	inserting	“bankers’	acceptances,	bank	guarantees”	immediately	prior	to	“performance	bonds”	in	the	third	line	thereof	and	by	inserting	“,
bankers’	acceptances	and	bank	guarantees”	immediately	after	“letters	of	credit”	in	the	fourth	line	thereof.
Section	3.	
Conditions.	
This	Amendment	shall	become	effective	on	the	date	on	which	the	following	conditions	precedent	have	been	satisfied
or	waived	(the	date	on	which	such	conditions	shall	have	been	so	satisfied	or	waived,	the	“
Amendment	Effective	Date
”):
(a)	The	Administrative	Agent	shall	have	received	a	counterpart	of	this	Amendment,	executed	and	delivered	by	the	Credit	Parties,	the
Administrative	Agent,	the	Required	Lenders	and	each	Increasing	Lender.
(b)	All	fees	required	to	be	paid	to	the	Administrative	Agent	and	the	Lenders	in	connection	herewith,	accrued	reasonable	and	documented
out-of-pocket	costs	and	expenses	(including,	to	the	extent	invoiced	in	advance,	reasonable	legal	fees	and	out-of-pocket	expenses	of	counsel)	and	other
compensation	due	and	payable	to	the	Administrative	Agent	and	the	Lenders	on	or	prior	to	the	Amendment	Effective	Date	shall	have	been	paid.
(c)	Each	of	the	representations	and	warranties	made	by	the	Credit	Parties	in	or	pursuant	to	the	Credit	Agreement	or	in	or	pursuant	to	the
other	Credit	Documents	shall	be	true	and	correct	in	all	material	respects	(except	that	any	representation	and	warranty	that	is	qualified	or	subject	to
“materiality”,	“Material	Adverse	Effect”	or	similar	language	shall	be	true	and	correct	in	all	respects)	on	and	as	of	the	Amendment	Effective	Date	as	if
made	on	and	as	of	such	date	except	for	such	representations	and	warranties	expressly	stated	to	be	made	as	of	an	earlier	date	(in	which	case	such
representations	and	warranties	shall	be	true	and	correct	in	all	material	respects	as	of	such	earlier	date).
(d)	No	Default	or	Event	of	Default	shall	exist	on	the	Amendment	Effective	Date.
(e)	The	Administrative	Agent	shall	have	received	an	officer’s	certificate	from	an	Authorized	Officer	of	the	Company	and	dated	as	of	the
Amendment	Effective	Date,	certifying	that	each	condition	set	forth	in	Sections	3(c)	and	(d)	hereof	have	been	satisfied	on	and	as	of	the	Amendment
Effective	Date.
(f)	The	Administrative	Agent	shall	have	received	from	Wilson	Sonsini	Goodrich	&	Rosati,	P.C.,	special	New	York	counsel	to	the	Credit
Parties,	an	opinion	in	form	and	substance	reasonably	satisfactory	to	the	Administrative	Agent	addressed	to	the	Administrative	Agent,	the	Collateral
Agent	and	each	of	the	Lenders	and	dated	the	Amendment	Effective	Date	covering	such	matters	incident	to	the	transactions	contemplated	herein	as	the
Administrative	Agent	may	reasonably	request.
(g)	The	Administrative	Agent	shall	have	received	from	DLA	Piper	Nederland	N.V.,	special	Dutch	counsel	to	the	Dutch	Credit	Parties,	an
opinion	in	form	and	substance	reasonably	satisfactory	to	the	Administrative	Agent	addressed	to	the	Administrative	Agent,	the	Collateral	Agent	and	each
of	the	Lenders	and	dated	the	Amendment	Effective	Date	covering	such	matters	incident	to	the	transactions	contemplated	herein	as	the	Administrative
Agent	may	reasonably	request.(h)	The	Administrative	Agent	shall	have	received	a	certificate	from	each	Credit	Party,	dated	the	Amendment	Effective	Date,	signed	by	an
Authorized	Officer	of	such	Credit	Party	(or,	with	respect	to	Tesla	B.V.,	its	directors),	and,	if	signed	by	an	Authorized	Officer	of	such	Credit	Party,
attested	to	by	another	Authorized	Officer	of	such	Credit	Party,	in	the	form	of	Exhibit	E-2	to	the	Credit	Agreement	(or	such	other	form	reasonably
acceptable	to	the	Administrative	Agent)	with	appropriate	insertions,	together	with	copies	of	the	certificate	or	articles	of	incorporation	and	by-laws	(or
other	equivalent	organizational	documents	relating	to	any	Dutch	Credit	Party),	as	applicable,	of	such	Credit	Party	and	the	resolutions	of	such	Credit
Party	referred	to	in	such	certificate.
(i)	The	Administrative	Agent	shall	have	received	a	good	standing	certificate	(or	equivalent)	for	the	Company.
Section	4.	
Representations	and	Warranties,	etc
.		The	Borrowers	hereby	confirm,	reaffirm	and	restate	that	each	of	the	representations	and
warranties	made	by	any	Credit	Party	in	the	Credit	Documents	is	true	and	correct	in	all	material	respects	on	and	as	of	the	Amendment	Effective	Date	(it
being	understood	and	agreed	that	(x)	any	representation	or	warranty	which	by	its	terms	is	made	as	of	a	specified	date	shall	be	required	to	be	true	and
correct	in	all	material	respects	only	as	of	such	specified	date	and	(y)	any	representation	or	warranty	that	is	qualified	by	“materiality”,	“Material	Adverse
Effect”	or	similar	language	shall	be	true	and	correct	in	all	respects).		The	Borrowers	represent	and	warrant	that,	immediately	after	giving	effect	to	the
occurrence	of	the	Amendment	Effective	Date,	no	Default	or	Event	of	Default	has	occurred	and	is	continuing.		The	Borrowers	represent	and	warrant	that
each	Credit	Party	(i)	has	the	Business	power	and	authority	to	execute,	deliver	and	perform	the	terms	and	provisions	of	this	Amendment	and	has	taken
all	necessary	Business	action	to	authorize	the	execution,	delivery	and	performance	by	thereof	and	(ii)	has	duly	executed	and	delivered	this	Amendment,
and	that	this	Amendment	constitutes	a	legal,	valid	and	binding	obligation	of	the	Borrowers	enforceable	against	each	Borrower	in	accordance	with	its
terms,	except	as	enforceability	may	be	limited	by	applicable	bankruptcy,	insolvency,	reorganization,	moratorium	or	similar	laws	affecting	the
enforcement	of	creditors’	rights	generally	and	by	general	equitable	principles	(whether	enforcement	is	sought	by	proceedings	in	equity	or	at	law).
Section	5.	
Acknowledgement
.		For	the	avoidance	of	doubt,	it	is	understood	and	agreed	that	on	and	after	the	Amendment	Effective	Date,	the
Company	does	not	have	the	right	to	request	Incremental	Commitments	pursuant	to	Section	2.14	of	the	Credit	Agreement.
Section	6.	
Reaffirmation
.	Each	Guarantor	hereby	agrees	that	(i)	all	of	its	Obligations	under	the	Credit	Documents	shall	remain	in	full	force
and	effect	on	a	continuous	basis	after	giving	effect	to	this	Amendment	and	(ii)	each	Credit	Document	is	ratified	and	affirmed	in	all	respects.
Section	7.	
Governing	Law.	
This	Amendment	and	the	rights	of	the	parties	hereunder	shall	be	governed	by	and	construed	in	accordance	with
the	laws	of	the	State	of	New	York	(without	regard	to	conflicts	of	law	principles	that	would	result	in	the	application	of	any	law	other	than	the	law	of	the
State	of	New	York).
Section	8
.	Effect	of	This	Amendment.	
Except	as	expressly	set	forth	herein,	this	Amendment	shall	not	by	implication	or	otherwise	limit,
impair,	constitute	a	waiver	of	or	otherwise	affect	the	rights	and	remedies	of	any	Lender	or	Agent	under	the	Credit	Agreement	or	any	other	Credit
Document,	and	shall	not	alter,	modify,	amend	or	in	any	way	affect	any	of	the	terms,	conditions,	obligations,	covenants	or	agreements	contained	in	the
Credit	Agreement	or	any	other	Credit	Document,	all	of	which	are	ratified	and	affirmed	in	all	respects	and	shall	continue	in	full	force	and	effect.		Nothing
herein	shall	be	deemed	to	entitle	any	party	to	a	consent	to,	or	a	waiver,	amendment,	modification	or	other	change	of,	any	of	the	terms,	conditions,
obligations,	covenants	or	agreements	contained	in	the	Credit	Agreement	or	any	other	Credit	Document	in	similar	or	different	circumstances.		
Section	9.	
Bookrunners
.		Each	of	Deutsche	Bank	Securities	Inc.,	J.P.	Morgan	Securities	LLC,	Goldman	Sachs	Bank	USA,	Morgan	Stanley
Senior	Funding,	Inc.,	Citibank,	N.A.	and	Bank	of	America,	N.A.	is	a	bookrunner	with	respect	to	this	Amendment	and	the	Borrowers	hereby	agree	that
each	is	deemed	an	Arranger	for	purposes	of	Sections	12.02(b)	and	13.01	of	the	Credit	Agreement	and	entitled	to	the	benefits	and	protections	afforded
to,	and	subject	to	the	provisions	governing	the	conduct	of,	Arrangers	thereunder.Section	10.	
Counterparts.	
This	Amendment	may	be	signed	in	any	number	of	counterparts,	each	of	which	shall	be	an	original,	with	the	same
effect	as	if	the	signatures	thereto	and	hereto	were	upon	the	same	instrument.		Delivery	of	an	executed	signature	page	of	this	Amendment	by	facsimile
transmission	or	electronic	transmission	(e.g.,	“pdf”	or	“tif”)	shall	be	effective	as	delivery	of	a	manually	executed	counterpart	hereof.
Section	11
.	Miscellaneous.	
This	Amendment	shall	constitute	a	Credit	Document	for	all	purposes	of	the	Credit	Agreement.	The	Borrowers
shall	pay	all	reasonable	fees,	costs	and	expenses	of	the	Administrative	Agent	incurred	in	connection	with	the	negotiation,	preparation	and	execution	of
this	Amendment	and	the	transactions	contemplated	hereby.
[
remainder	of	page	intentionally	left	blank
]
	
	
		
IN	WITNESS	WHEREOF,	the	parties	hereto	have	caused	this	
Amendment
	to	be	duly	executed	as	of	the	date	first	above	written.
	
TESLA	MOTORS,	INC.
	
	
By:
/s/	Jason	Wheeler
	
Name:	Jason	Wheeler
	
Title:	Chief	Financial	Officer
	
	
TESLA	MOTORS	NETHERLANDS	B.V.
	
	
By:
/s/	Todd	Maron
	
Name:	Todd	Maron
	
Title:	Managing	Director
	
	
	
[Third	Amendment	to	Credit	Agreement	–	Signature	Page]	
DEUTSCHE	BANK	AG	NEW	YORK	BRANCH
,	
as	Administrative	Agent,
Collateral	Agent	and	a	Lender
	
	
By:
/s/	Peter	Cucchiara
	
Name:	Peter	Cucchiara
	
Title:	Vice	President
	
	
By:
/s/	Marcus	M.	Tarkington
	
Name:	Marcus	M.	Tarkington
	
Title:	Director
	
	
	
[Third	Amendment	to	Credit	Agreement	–	Signature	Page]	
GOLDMAN	SACHS	BANK	USA,	as	a	Lender
	
	
By:
/s/	Rebecca	Kratz
	
Name:	Rebecca	Kratz
	
Title:	Authorized	Signatory
	
	
	
[Third	Amendment	to	Credit	Agreement	–	Signature	Page]	
CITIBANK,	N.A.,	as	a	Lender
	
	
By:
/s/	K.	Kelly	Gunness
	
Name:	K.	Kelly	Gunness
	
Title:	Vice	President	and	Director
	
	
	
[Third	Amendment	to	Credit	Agreement	–	Signature	Page]	
JPMorgan	Chase	Bank,	N.A.,	as	an	Issuing	Lender	and	a	Lender
	
	
By:
/s/	Annaliese	Fisher
	
Name:	Annaliese	Fisher
	
Title:	Authorized	Officer
	
	
	
[Third	Amendment	to	Credit	Agreement	–	Signature	Page]	
Morgan	Stanley	Senior	Funding,	Inc.,	as	a	Lender
	
	
By:
/s/	Michael	King
	
Name:	Michael	King
	
Title:	Vice	President
	
	
	
[Third	Amendment	to	Credit	Agreement	–	Signature	Page]	
Bank	of	America,	N.A.,	as	an	Issuing	Lender	and	a	Lender
	
	
By:
/s/	Robert	M.	Dalton
	
Name:	Robert	M.	Dalton
	
Title:	Senior	Vice	President
	
	
	
[Third	Amendment	to	Credit	Agreement	–	Signature	Page]	
WELLS	FARGO	BANK,	N.A.,	as	an	Issuing	Lender	and	a	Lender
	
	
By:
/s/	Krista	Mize
	
Name:	Krista	Mize
	
Title:	Authorized	Signatory
	
	
	
[Third	Amendment	to	Credit	Agreement	–	Signature	Page]	
Schedule	1
	
Schedule	1.01(a)
Lenders;	Commitments
	
Revolving	Loan	Commitments
	
Lender
Revolving	Loan	Commitment
DEUTSCHE	BANK	AG	NEW	YORK	BRANCH
$147,500,000
GOLDMAN	SACHS	BANK	USA
$175,000,000
CITIBANK,	N.A.
$147,500,000
JPMORGAN	CHASE	BANK,	N.A.
$147,500,000
MORGAN	STANLEY	SENIOR	FUNDING,	INC.
$147,500,000
BANK	OF	AMERICA,	N.A.
$110,000,000
WELLS	FARGO	BANK,	NATIONAL	ASSOCIATION
$100,000,000
CREDIT	SUISSE	AG,	CAYMAN	ISLANDS	BRANCH
$25,000,000
TOTAL
$1,000,000,000
	
	
EXHIBIT	12.1
Ratio	of	Earnings	to	Fixed	Charges
The	ratio	of	earnings	to	fixed	charges	for	each	of	the	periods	indicated	is	as	follows.
	
	
Year	Ended	December	31,
	
	
2015
	
	
2014
	
	
2013
	
	
2012
	
	
2011
	
Ratio	of	earnings	to	fixed	charges	
(1)
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
(1)	For	the	purpose	of	calculating	such	ratios,	“earnings”	consist	of	income	from	continuing	operations	before	income	taxes	plus	fixed	charges	and
“fixed	charges”	consist	of	interest	expense	(net	of	capitalized	portion),	capitalized	interest,	amortization	of	debt	discount	and	the	portion	of	rental
expense	representative	of	interest	expense.	Earnings	were	inadequate	to	cover	the	fixed	charges	by	$912.8	million,	$295.4	million,	$73.5	million,
$403.3	million,	and	$259.0	million,	for	the	years	ended	December	31,	2015,	2014,	2013,	2012,	and	2011,	respectively.
EXHIBIT	21.1
SUBSIDIARIES	OF	TESLA	MOTORS,	INC.
	
Name	of	Subsidiary
	
Jurisdiction	of
Incorporation	or	Organization
Roadster	Automobile	Sales	and	Service	(Beijing)	Co.,	Ltd.
	
China
Roadster	Finland	Oy
	
Finland
Tesla	2014	Warehouse	SPV	LLC
	
Delaware
Tesla	Automobile	Distribution	(Beijing)	Co.,	Ltd.
	
China
Tesla	Automobile	Sales	and	Service	(Beijing)	Co.,	Ltd.
	
China
Tesla	Automobile	Sales	and	Service	(Chengdu)	Co.,	Ltd.
	
China
Tesla	Automobile	Sales	and	Service	(Chengdu)	2	Co.,	Ltd.
	
China
Tesla	Automobile	Sales	and	Service	(Guangzhou)	Co.,	Ltd.
	
China
Tesla	Automobile	Sales	and	Service	(Hangzhou)	Co.,	Ltd.
	
China
Tesla	Automobile	Sales	and	Service	(Nanjing)	Co.,	Ltd.
	
China
Tesla	Automobile	Sales	and	Service	(Shanghai)	Co.,	Ltd.
	
China
Tesla	Automobile	Sales	and	Service	(Shenzhen)	Co.,	Ltd.
	
China
Tesla	Automobile	Sales	and	Service	(Wuhan)	Co.,	Ltd.
	
China
Tesla	Automobile	Sales	and	Service	(Xi’an)	Co.,	Ltd.
	
China
Tesla	Automobiles	Mexico,	S.	de	R.L.	de	C.V.
	
Mexico
Tesla	Automobiles	Sales	and	Service	Mexico,	S.	de	R.L.	de	C.V.
	
Mexico
Tesla	Energia	Macau	Limitada
	
Macau
Tesla	Finance	LLC
	
Delaware
Tesla	Financial	Services	GmbH
	
Germany
Tesla	Financial	Services	Holdings	B.V.
	
Netherlands
Tesla	Financial	Services	Limited
	
UK
Tesla	International	B.V.
	
Netherlands
Tesla	Lease	Trust
	
Delaware
Tesla	LLC
	
Delaware
Tesla	Jordan	Car	Trading	LLC
	
Jordan
Tesla	Motors	Australia,	Pty	Ltd
	
Australia
Tesla	Motors	Austria	GmbH
	
Austria
Tesla	Motors	Belgium	SPRL
	
Belgium
Tesla	Motors	Canada	ULC
	
Canada
Tesla	Motors	Coöperatief	U.A.
	
Netherlands
Tesla	Motors	Denmark	ApS
	
DenmarkTesla	Motors	Exports	LLC
	
Delaware
Tesla	Motors	FL,	Inc.
	
Florida
Tesla	Motors	France	S.à	r.l.
	
France
Tesla	Motors	GmbH
	
Germany
Tesla	Motors	HK	Limited
	
Hong	Kong
Tesla	Motors	Italy	S.r.l.
	
Italy
Tesla	Motors	Japan	GK
	
Japan
Tesla	Motors	Leasing,	Inc.
	
Delaware
Tesla	Motors	Limited
	
UK
Tesla	Motors	Luxembourg	S.à	r.l.
	
LuxembourgTesla	Motors	MA,	Inc.
	
Massachusetts
Tesla	Motors	Netherlands	B.V.
	
Netherlands
Tesla	Motors	New	York	LLC
	
New	York
Tesla	Motors	NL	LLC
	
Delaware
Tesla	Motors	Norway	AS
	
Norway
Tesla	Motors	NV,	Inc.
	
Nevada
Tesla	Motors	PA,	Inc.
	
Pennsylvania
Tesla	Motors	Singapore	Private	Limited
	
Singapore
Tesla	Motors	Singapore	Holdings	Pte.	Ltd.
	
Singapore
Tesla	Motors	Stichting
	
Netherlands
Tesla	Motors	Switzerland	GmbH
	
Switzerland
Tesla	Motors	TN,	Inc.
	
Tennessee
Tesla	Motors	TX,	Inc.
	
Texas
Tesla	Motors	UT,	Inc.
	
Utah
TM	International	C.V.
	
Netherlands
TM	Sweden	AB
	
Sweden
	
	
EXHIBIT	23.1
	
	
CONSENT	OF	INDEPENDENT	REGISTERED	PUBLIC	ACCOUNTING	FIRM
	
	
We	hereby	consent	to	the	incorporation	by	reference	in	the	Registration	Statements	on	Form	S-3	(No.	333-188625)	and	S-8	(Nos.	333-198002,	333-
187113,	333-183033,	and	333-167874)	of	Tesla	Motors,	Inc.	of	our	report		dated	February	24,	2016	relating	to	the	financial	statements	and	the
effectiveness	of	internal	control	over	financial	reporting,	which	appears	in	this	Form	10-K.
	
	
/s/	PricewaterhouseCoopers	LLP
	
	
PricewaterhouseCoopers	LLP
San	Jose,	California
February	24,	2016
	
	
EXHIBIT	31.1
CERTIFICATIONS
I,	Elon	Musk,	certify	that:
1.
I	have	reviewed	this	Annual	Report	on	Form	10-K	of	Tesla	Motors,	Inc.;
2.
Based	on	my	knowledge,	this	report	does	not	contain	any	untrue	statement	of	a	material	fact	or	omit	to	state	a	material	fact	necessary	to	make
the	statements	made,	in	light	of	the	circumstances	under	which	such	statements	were	made,	not	misleading	with	respect	to	the	period	covered
by	this	report;
3.
Based	on	my	knowledge,	the	financial	statements,	and	other	financial	information	included	in	this	report,	fairly	present	in	all	material	respects
the	financial	condition,	results	of	operations	and	cash	flows	of	the	registrant	as	of,	and	for,	the	periods	presented	in	this	report;
4.
The	registrant’s	other	certifying	officer	and	I	are	responsible	for	establishing	and	maintaining	disclosure	controls	and	procedures	(as	defined	in
Exchange	Act	Rules	13a-15(e)	and	15d-15(e))	and	internal	control	over	financial	reporting	(as	defined	in	Exchange	Act	Rules	13a-15(f)	and	15d-
15(f))	for	the	registrant	and	have:
	
(a)
Designed	such	disclosure	controls	and	procedures,	or	caused	such	disclosure	controls	and	procedures	to	be	designed	under	our
supervision,	to	ensure	that	material	information	relating	to	the	registrant,	including	its	consolidated	subsidiaries,	is	made	known	to	us	by
others	within	those	entities,	particularly	during	the	period	in	which	this	report	is	being	prepared;
	
(b)
Designed	such	internal	control	over	financial	reporting,	or	caused	such	internal	control	over	financial	reporting	to	be	designed	under	our
supervision,	to	provide	reasonable	assurance	regarding	the	reliability	of	financial	reporting	and	the	preparation	of	financial	statements	for
external	purposes	in	accordance	with	generally	accepted	accounting	principles;
	
(c)
Evaluated	the	effectiveness	of	the	registrant’s	disclosure	controls	and	procedures	and	presented	in	this	report	our	conclusions	about	the
effectiveness	of	the	disclosure	controls	and	procedures,	as	of	the	end	of	the	period	covered	by	this	report	based	on	such	evaluation;	and
	
(d)
Disclosed	in	this	report	any	change	in	the	registrant’s	internal	control	over	financial	reporting	that	occurred	during	the	registrant’s	most
recent	fiscal	quarter	(the	registrant’s	fourth	fiscal	quarter	in	the	case	of	an	annual	report)	that	has	materially	affected,	or	is	reasonably
likely	to	materially	affect,	the	registrant’s	internal	control	over	financial	reporting;	and
5.
The	registrant’s	other	certifying	officer	and	I	have	disclosed,	based	on	our	most	recent	evaluation	of	internal	control	over	financial	reporting,	to
the	registrant’s	auditors	and	the	audit	committee	of	the	registrant’s	Board	of	Directors	(or	persons	performing	the	equivalent	functions):
	
(a)
All	significant	deficiencies	and	material	weaknesses	in	the	design	or	operation	of	internal	control	over	financial	reporting	which	are
reasonably	likely	to	adversely	affect	the	registrant’s	ability	to	record,	process,	summarize	and	report	financial	information;	and
	
(b)
Any	fraud,	whether	or	not	material,	that	involves	management	or	other	employees	who	have	a	significant	role	in	the	registrant’s	internal
control	over	financial	reporting.
	
Date:	February	24,	2016
	
	
/s/	Elon	Musk
	
	
	
Elon	Musk
	
	
	
Chief	Executive	Officer
	
	
	
(Principal	Executive	Officer)	
1
	
EXHIBIT	31.2
CERTIFICATIONS
I,	Jason	Wheeler,	certify	that:
1.
I	have	reviewed	this	Annual	Report	on	Form	10-K	of	Tesla	Motors,	Inc.;
2.
Based	on	my	knowledge,	this	report	does	not	contain	any	untrue	statement	of	a	material	fact	or	omit	to	state	a	material	fact	necessary	to	make
the	statements	made,	in	light	of	the	circumstances	under	which	such	statements	were	made,	not	misleading	with	respect	to	the	period	covered
by	this	report;
3.
Based	on	my	knowledge,	the	financial	statements,	and	other	financial	information	included	in	this	report,	fairly	present	in	all	material	respects
the	financial	condition,	results	of	operations	and	cash	flows	of	the	registrant	as	of,	and	for,	the	periods	presented	in	this	report;
4.
The	registrant’s	other	certifying	officer	and	I	are	responsible	for	establishing	and	maintaining	disclosure	controls	and	procedures	(as	defined	in
Exchange	Act	Rules	13a-15(e)	and	15d-15(e))	and	internal	control	over	financial	reporting	(as	defined	in	Exchange	Act	Rules	13a-15(f)	and	15d-
15(f))	for	the	registrant	and	have:
	
(a)
Designed	such	disclosure	controls	and	procedures,	or	caused	such	disclosure	controls	and	procedures	to	be	designed	under	our
supervision,	to	ensure	that	material	information	relating	to	the	registrant,	including	its	consolidated	subsidiaries,	is	made	known	to	us	by
others	within	those	entities,	particularly	during	the	period	in	which	this	report	is	being	prepared;
	
(b)
Designed	such	internal	control	over	financial	reporting,	or	caused	such	internal	control	over	financial	reporting	to	be	designed	under	our
supervision,	to	provide	reasonable	assurance	regarding	the	reliability	of	financial	reporting	and	the	preparation	of	financial	statements	for
external	purposes	in	accordance	with	generally	accepted	accounting	principles;
	
(c)
Evaluated	the	effectiveness	of	the	registrant’s	disclosure	controls	and	procedures	and	presented	in	this	report	our	conclusions	about	the
effectiveness	of	the	disclosure	controls	and	procedures,	as	of	the	end	of	the	period	covered	by	this	report	based	on	such	evaluation;	and
	
(d)
Disclosed	in	this	report	any	change	in	the	registrant’s	internal	control	over	financial	reporting	that	occurred	during	the	registrant’s	most
recent	fiscal	quarter	(the	registrant’s	fourth	fiscal	quarter	in	the	case	of	an	annual	report)	that	has	materially	affected,	or	is	reasonably
likely	to	materially	affect,	the	registrant’s	internal	control	over	financial	reporting;	and
5.
The	registrant’s	other	certifying	officer	and	I	have	disclosed,	based	on	our	most	recent	evaluation	of	internal	control	over	financial	reporting,	to
the	registrant’s	auditors	and	the	audit	committee	of	the	registrant’s	Board	of	Directors	(or	persons	performing	the	equivalent	functions):
	
(a)
All	significant	deficiencies	and	material	weaknesses	in	the	design	or	operation	of	internal	control	over	financial	reporting	which	are
reasonably	likely	to	adversely	affect	the	registrant’s	ability	to	record,	process,	summarize	and	report	financial	information;	and
	
(b)
Any	fraud,	whether	or	not	material,	that	involves	management	or	other	employees	who	have	a	significant	role	in	the	registrant’s	internal
control	over	financial	reporting.
	
Date:	February	24,	2016
	
	
/s/	Jason	Wheeler
	
	
	
Jason	Wheeler
	
	
	
Chief	Financial	Officer
	
	
	
(Principal	Financial	Officer)
	
1
EXHIBIT	32.1
SECTION	1350	CERTIFICATIONS
I,	Elon	Musk,	certify,	pursuant	to	18	U.S.C.	Section	1350,	that,	to	my	knowledge,	the	Annual	Report	of	Tesla	Motors,	Inc.	on	Form	10-K	for	the	annual
period	ended	December	31,	2015,	(i)	fully	complies	with	the	requirements	of	Section	13(a)	or	15(d)	of	the	Securities	Exchange	Act	of	1934	and	(ii)	that
the	information	contained	in	such	Form	10-K	fairly	presents,	in	all	material	respects,	the	financial	condition	and	results	of	operations	of	Tesla	Motors,
Inc.
	
Date:	February	24,	2016
	
	
/s/	Elon	Musk	
	
	
	
Elon	Musk
	
	
	
Chief	Executive	Officer
	
	
	
(Principal	Executive	Officer)
I,	Jason	Wheeler,	certify,	pursuant	to	18	U.S.C.	Section	1350,	that,	to	my	knowledge,	the	Annual	Report	of	Tesla	Motors,	Inc.	on	Form	10-K	for	the
annual	period	ended	December	31,	2015,	(i)	fully	complies	with	the	requirements	of	Section	13(a)	or	15(d)	of	the	Securities	Exchange	Act	of	1934	and
(ii)	that	the	information	contained	in	such	Form	10-K	fairly	presents,	in	all	material	respects,	the	financial	condition	and	results	of	operations	of	Tesla
Motors,	Inc.
	
Date:	February	24,	2016
	
	
/s/	Jason	Wheeler
	
	
	
Jason	Wheeler
	
	
	
Chief	Financial	Officer
	
	
	
(Principal	Financial	Officer)
	
	