10-K	
1	
tsla-10k_20171231.htm	
10-K
	
UNITED	STATES
SECURITIES	AND	EXCHANGE	COMMISSION
Washington,	D.C.	20549
	
FORM	10-K
	
(Mark	One)
☒
ANNUAL	REPORT	PURSUANT	TO	SECTION	13	OR	15(d)	OF	THE	SECURITIES	EXCHANGE	ACT	OF	1934
For	the	fiscal	year	ended	December	31,	2017
OR
☐
TRANSITION	REPORT	PURSUANT	TO	SECTION	13	OR	15(d)	OF	THE	SECURITIES	EXCHANGE	ACT	OF	1934
For	the	transition	period	from	
																				
	to	
																					
Commission	File	Number:	001-34756
	
Tesla,	Inc.
(Exact	name	of	registrant	as	specified	in	its	charter)
	
	
Delaware
	
91-2197729
(State	or	other	jurisdiction	of
incorporation	or	organization)
	
(I.R.S.	Employer
Identification	No.)
	
	
	
3500	Deer	Creek	Road
Palo	Alto,	California
	
94304
(Address	of	principal	executive	offices)
	
(Zip	Code)
(650)	681-5000
(Registrant’s	telephone	number,	including	area	code)
Securities	registered	pursuant	to	Section	12(b)	of	the	Act:
	
Title	of	each	class
	
Name	of	each	exchange	on	which	registered
Common	Stock,	$0.001	par	value
	
The	NASDAQ	Stock	Market	LLC
Securities	registered	pursuant	to	Section	12(g)	of	the	Act:
None
	
Indicate	by	check	mark	whether	the	registrant	is	a	well-known	seasoned	issuer,	as	defined	in	Rule	405	of	the	Securities	Act.				Yes		
☒
				No		
☐
Indicate	by	check	mark	if	the	registrant	is	not	required	to	file	reports	pursuant	to	Section	13	or	15(d)	of	the	Act.				Yes		
☐
				No		
☒
Indicate	by	check	mark	whether	the	registrant	(1)	has	filed	all	reports	required	to	be	filed	by	Section	13	or	15(d)	of	the	Securities	Exchange	Act	of	1934	(“Exchange	Act”)	during	the	preceding	12
months	(or	for	such	shorter	period	that	the	registrant	was	required	to	file	such	reports),	and	(2)	has	been	subject	to	such	filing	requirements	for	the	past	90	days.				Yes		
☒
				No		
☐
Indicate	by	check	mark	whether	the	registrant	has	submitted	electronically	and	posted	on	its	corporate	Web	site,	if	any,	every	Interactive	Data	File	required	to	be	submitted	and	posted	pursuant
to	Rule	405	of	Regulation	S-T	during	the	preceding	12	months	(or	for	such	shorter	period	that	the	registrant	was	required	to	submit	and	post	such	files).				Yes		
☒
				No		
☐
Indicate	by	check	mark	if	disclosure	of	delinquent	filers	pursuant	to	Item	405	of	Regulation	S-K	(§229.405	of	this	chapter)	is	not	contained	herein,	and	will	not	be	contained,	to	the	best	of
registrant’s	knowledge,	in	definitive	proxy	or	information	statements	incorporated	by	reference	in	Part	III	of	this	Form	10-K	or	any	amendment	to	this	Form	10-K.		
☐
Indicate	by	check	mark	whether	the	registrant	is	a	large	accelerated	filer,	an	accelerated	filer,	a	non-accelerated	filer,	a	smaller	reporting	company	or	an	emerging	growth	company.	See	the
definitions	of	“large	accelerated	filer,”	“accelerated	filer,”	“smaller	reporting	company”	and	“emerging	growth	company”	in	Rule	12b-2	of	the	Exchange	Act:
	
Large	accelerated	filer
	
☒
		
Accelerated	filer
	
☐
	
	
	
	
Non-accelerated	filer
	
☐
		(Do	not	check	if	a	smaller	reporting	company)
		
Smaller	reporting	company
	
☐
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Emerging	growth	company
	
☐
	
	
	
	
If	an	emerging	growth	company,	indicate	by	check	mark	if	the	registrant	has	elected	not	to	use	the	extended	transition	period	for	complying	with	any	new	or	revised	financial	accounting
standards	provided	pursuant	to	Section	13(a)	of	the	Exchange	Act.				
☐
Indicate	by	check	mark	whether	the	registrant	is	a	shell	company	(as	defined	in	Rule	12b-2	of	the	Exchange	Act).				Yes		
☐
				No		
☒
The	aggregate	market	value	of	voting	stock	held	by	non-affiliates	of	the	registrant,	as	of	June	30,	2017,	the	last	day	of	the	registrant’s	most	recently	completed	second	fiscal	quarter,	was
$47.83	billion	(based	on	the	closing	price	for	shares	of	the	registrant’s	Common	Stock	as	reported	by	the	NASDAQ	Global	Select	Market	on	June	30,	2017).	Shares	of	Common	Stock	held	by	each
executive	officer,	director,	and	holder	of	5%	or	more	of	the	outstanding	Common	Stock	have	been	excluded	in	that	such	persons	may	be	deemed	to	be	affiliates.	This	determination	of	affiliate	status	is
not	necessarily	a	conclusive	determination	for	other	purposes.
As	of	February	14,	2018,	there	were	168,919,941	shares	of	the	registrant’s	Common	Stock	outstanding.
DOCUMENTS	INCORPORATED	BY	REFERENCE
Portions	of	the	registrant’s	Proxy	Statement	for	the	2018	Annual	Meeting	of	Stockholders	are	incorporated	herein	by	reference	in	Part	III	of	this	Annual	Report	on	Form	10-K	to	the	extent	stated
herein.	Such	proxy	statement	will	be	filed	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission	within	120	days	of	the	registrant’s	fiscal	year	ended	December	31,	2017.
	
	
		
TESLA,	INC.
ANNUAL	REPORT	ON	FORM	10-K	FOR	THE	YEAR	ENDED	DECEMBER	31,	2017
INDEX
	
	
	
	
	
Page
PART	I.
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Item	1.
	
Business
		
1
Item	1A.
	
Risk	Factors
	
15
Item	1B.
	
Unresolved	Staff	Comments
	
33
Item	2.
	
Properties
	
33
Item	3.
	
Legal	Proceedings
	
34
Item	4.
	
Mine	Safety	Disclosures
	
35
	
	
	
PART	II.
	
	
	
	
	
	
Item	5.
	
Market	for	Registrant’s	Common	Equity,	Related	Stockholder	Matters	and	Issuer	Purchases	of	Equity	Securities
	
36
Item	6.
	
Selected	Financial	Data
	
38
Item	7.
	
Management’s	Discussion	and	Analysis	of	Financial	Condition	and	Results	of	Operations
	
39
Item	7A.
	
Quantitative	and	Qualitative	Disclosures	About	Market	Risk
	
58
Item	8.
	
Financial	Statements	and	Supplementary	Data
	
60
Item	9.
	
Changes	in	and	Disagreements	with	Accountants	on	Accounting	and	Financial	Disclosure
	
119
Item	9A.
	
Controls	and	Procedures
	
119
Item	9B.
	
Other	Information
	
120
	
	
	
PART	III.
	
	
	
	
	
	
Item	10.
	
Directors,	Executive	Officers	and	Corporate	Governance
	
121
Item	11.
	
Executive	Compensation
	
121
Item	12.
	
Security	Ownership	of	Certain	Beneficial	Owners	and	Management	and	Related	Stockholder	Matters
	
121
Item	13.
	
Certain	Relationships	and	Related	Transactions,	and	Director	Independence
	
121
Item	14.
	
Principal	Accountant	Fees	and	Services
	
121
	
	
	
	
PART	IV.
	
	
	
	
	
	
Item	15.
	
Exhibits	and	Financial	Statement	Schedules
	
121
Item	16
	
Summary
	
151
	
	
	
Signatures
	
152
	
	
	
i	
Forward-Looking	Statements
The	discussions	in	this	Annual	Report	on	Form	10-K	contain	forward-looking	statements	reflecting	our	current	expectations	that
involve	risks	and	uncertainties.	These	forward-looking	statements	include,	but	are	not	limited	to,	statements	concerning	our	strategy,
future	operations,	future	financial	position,	future	revenues,	projected	costs,	profitability,	expected	cost	reductions,	capital	adequacy,
expectations	regarding	demand	and	acceptance	for	our	technologies,	growth	opportunities	and	trends	in	the	market	in	which	we	operate,
prospects	and	plans	and	objectives	of	management.	The	words	“anticipates”,	“believes”,	“could,”	“estimates”,	“expects”,	“intends”,	“may”,
“plans”,	“projects”,	“will”,	“would”	and	similar	expressions	are	intended	to	identify	forward-looking	statements,	although	not	all	forward-
looking	statements	contain	these	identifying	words.	We	may	not	actually	achieve	the	plans,	intentions	or	expectations	disclosed	in	our
forward-looking	statements	and	you	should	not	place	undue	reliance	on	our	forward-looking	statements.	Actual	results	or	events	could
differ	materially	from	the	plans,	intentions	and	expectations	disclosed	in	the	forward-looking	statements	that	we	make.	These	forward-
looking	statements	involve	risks	and	uncertainties	that	could	cause	our	actual	results	to	differ	materially	from	those	in	the	forward-looking
statements,	including,	without	limitation,	the	risks	set	forth	in	Part	I,	Item	1A,	“Risk	Factors”	in	this	Annual	Report	on	Form	10-K	and	in
our	other	filings	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	We	do	not	assume	any	obligation	to	update	any	forward-looking
statements.
	
	
	
		
P
ART	I
I
TEM	1.
BUSINESS
	
Overview
We	design,	develop,	manufacture	and	sell	high-performance	fully	electric	vehicles,	and	energy	generation	and	storage	systems,	and	also	install
and	maintain	such	systems	and	sell	solar	electricity.	We	are	the	world’s	only	vertically	integrated	sustainable	energy	company,	offering	end-to-end	clean
energy	products,	including	generation,	storage	and	consumption.	We	have	established	and	continue	to	grow	a	global	network	of	stores,	vehicle	service
centers	and	Supercharger	stations	to	accelerate	the	widespread	adoption	of	our	products,	and	we	continue	to	develop	self-driving	capability	in	order	to
improve	vehicle	safety.	Our	sustainable	energy	products,	engineering	expertise,	intense	focus	to	accelerate	the	world’s	transition	to	sustainable	energy,
and	business	model	differentiate	us	from	other	companies.	
We	currently	produce	and	sell	three	fully	electric	vehicles,	the	Model	S	sedan,	the	Model	X	sport	utility	vehicle	(“SUV”)	and	the	Model	3	sedan.
All	of	our	vehicles	offer	high	performance	and	functionality	as	well	as	attractive	styling.
We	commenced	deliveries	of	Model	S	in	June	2012	and	have	continued	to	improve	Model	S	by	introducing	performance,	all-wheel	drive	dual
motor,	and	autopilot	options,	as	well	as	free	over-the-air	software	updates.	We	commenced	deliveries	of	Model	X	in	September	2015.	Model	X	offers
seating	for	up	to	seven	people,	all-wheel	drive,	and	our	autopilot	functionality.	We	commenced	deliveries	of	Model	3,	a	lower	priced	sedan	designed	for
the	mass	market,	in	July	2017	and	continue	to	ramp	its	production.
We	also	intend	to	bring	additional	vehicles	to	market	in	the	future,	including	trucks	and	an	all-new	sports	car.	The	production	of	fully	electric
vehicles	that	meets	consumers’	range	and	performance	expectations	requires	substantial	design,	engineering,	and	integration	work	on	almost	every
system	of	our	vehicles.	Our	design	and	vehicle	engineering	capabilities,	combined	with	the	technical	advancements	of	our	powertrain	system,	have
enabled	us	to	design	and	develop	electric	vehicles	that	we	believe	overcome	the	design,	styling,	and	performance	issues	that	have	historically	limited
broad	adoption	of	electric	vehicles.	As	a	result,	our	customers	enjoy	several	benefits,	including:
	
•
Long	Range	and	Recharging	Flexibility
.	Our	vehicles	offer	ranges	that	significantly	exceed	those	of	any	other	commercially	available
electric	vehicle.	In	addition,	our	vehicles	incorporate	our	proprietary	on-board	charging	system,	permitting	recharging	from	almost	any
available	electrical	outlet,	and	also	offer	fast	charging	capability	from	our	Supercharger	network.
	
•
High-Performance	Without	Compromised	Design	or	Functionality
.	Our	vehicles	deliver	instantaneous	and	sustained	acceleration,	an
advanced	autopilot	system	with	active	safety	and	convenience	features,	and	over-the-air	software	updates.
	
•
Energy	Efficiency	and	Cost	of	Ownership
.	Our	vehicles	offer	an	attractive	cost	of	ownership	compared	to	internal	combustion	engine	or
hybrid	electric	vehicles.	Using	only	an	electric	powertrain	enables	us	to	create	more	energy	efficient	vehicles	that	are	mechanically
simpler	than	currently	available	hybrid	or	internal	combustion	engine	vehicles.	The	cost	to	fuel	our	vehicles	is	less	compared	to	internal
combustion	vehicles.	We	also	expect	our	electric	vehicles	will	have	lower	relative	maintenance	costs	than	other	vehicles	due	to	fewer
moving	parts	and	the	absence	of	certain	components,	including	oil,	oil	filters,	spark	plugs	and	engine	valves.
We	sell	our	vehicles	through	our	own	sales	and	service	network	which	we	are	continuing	to	grow	globally.	The	benefits	we	receive	from
distribution	ownership	enable	us	to	improve	the	overall	customer	experience,	the	speed	of	product	development	and	the	capital	efficiency	of	our
business.	We	are	also	continuing	to	build	our	network	of	Superchargers	and	Destination	Chargers	in	North	America,	Europe	and	Asia	to	provide	both	fast
charging	that	enables	convenient	long-distance	travel	as	well	as	other	convenient	charging	options.
In	addition,	we	are	leveraging	our	technological	expertise	in	batteries,	power	electronics,	and	integrated	systems	to	manufacture	and	sell	energy
storage	products.	In	late	2016,	we	began	production	and	deliveries	of	our	latest	generation	energy	storage	products,	Powerwall	2	and	Powerpack	2.
Powerwall	2	is	a	14	kilowatt	hour	(kWh)	home	battery	with	an	integrated	inverter.	Powerpack	2	is	an	infinitely	scalable	energy	storage	system	for
commercial,	industrial	and	utility	applications,	comprised	of	210	kWh	(AC)	battery	packs	and	50	kVa	(at	480V)	inverters.
	
1	
Similar	to	our	electric	vehicles,	our	energy	storage	products	have	been	developed	to	receive	over-the-air	firmware	and	software	updates	that	enable
additional	features	over	time.
	
Finally,	we	sell	and	lease	solar	systems	(with	or	without	accompanying	energy	storage	systems)	to	residential	and	commercial	customers	and	sell
renewable	energy	to	residential	and	commercial	customers	at	prices	that	are	typically	below	utility	rates.	Since	2006,	we	have	installed	solar	energy
systems	for	hundreds	of	thousands	of	customers.	Our	long-term	lease	and	power	purchase	agreements	with	our	customers	generate	recurring	payments
and	create	a	portfolio	of	high-quality	receivables	that	we	leverage	to	further	reduce	the	cost	of	making	the	switch	to	solar	energy.	The	electricity
produced	by	our	solar	installations	represents	a	very	small	fraction	of	total	U.S.	electricity	generation.	With	tens	of	millions	of	single-family	homes	and
businesses	in	our	primary	service	territories,	and	many	more	in	other	locations,	we	have	a	large	opportunity	to	expand	and	grow	this	business.
We	manufacture	our	vehicle	products	primarily	at	our	facilities	in	Fremont,	California,	Lathrop,	California,	Tilburg,	Netherlands	and	at	our
Gigafactory	1	near	Reno,	Nevada.	We	manufacture	our	energy	storage	products	at	Gigafactory	1	and	our	solar	products	at	our	factories	in	Fremont,
California	and	Buffalo,	New	York	(Gigafactory	2).
Our	Products	and	Services
Vehicles
Model	S
Model	S	is	a	fully	electric,	four-door,	five-adult	passenger	sedan	that	offers	compelling	range	and	performance.	We	offer	performance	and	all-
wheel	drive	dual	motor	system	options.	Model	S	100D	is	the	longest	range	all-electric	production	sedan	in	the	world,	and	the	performance	version	with
the	Ludicrous	speed	upgrade	is	the	quickest	accelerating	production	vehicle	ever.
Model	S	includes	a	17	inch	touch	screen	driver	interface,	our	advanced	autopilot	hardware	to	enable	both	active	safety	and	convenience	features,
and	over-the-air	software	updates.	We	believe	the	combination	of	performance,	safety,	styling,	convenience	and	energy	efficiency	of	Model	S	positions	it
as	a	compelling	alternative	to	other	vehicles	in	the	luxury	and	performance	segments.
Model	X
Model	X	is	the	longest	range	all-electric	production	sport	utility	vehicle	in	the	world,	and	offers	high	performance	features	such	as	our	fully
electric,	all-wheel	drive	dual	motor	system	and	our	autopilot	system.	Model	X	can	seat	up	to	seven	adults	and	incorporates	a	unique	falcon	wing	door
system	for	easy	access	to	the	second	and	third	seating	rows.	Model	X	is	sold	in	all	the	markets	where	Model	S	is	available,	including	in	Asia	and	Europe.
Model	3
Model	3	is	our	third	generation	electric	vehicle.	We	began	deliveries	in	July	2017.	Model	3	is	produced	at	the	Tesla	Factory	in	Fremont,	California
and	at	Gigafactory	1.	We	will	offer	a	variant	of	this	vehicle	at	a	starting	price	of	$35,000	and	expect	to	produce	Model	3	vehicles	at	far	higher	volumes
than	our	Model	S	or	Model	X	vehicles.
Future	Consumer	and	Commercial	EVs
We	are	planning	to	introduce	additional	vehicles	to	address	a	broader	cross-section	of	the	vehicle	market,	including	commercial	EVs	such	as	the
Tesla	Semi	truck,	and	a	new	version	of	the	Tesla	Roadster.	We	have	started	to	accept	reservations	for	both	of	these	new	vehicles.
Energy	Storage
Using	the	energy	management	technologies	and	manufacturing	processes	developed	for	our	vehicle	powertrain	systems,	we	developed	energy
storage	products	for	use	in	homes,	commercial	facilities	and	on	the	utility	grid.	Advances	in	battery	architecture,	thermal	management	and	power
electronics	that	were	originally	commercialized	in	our	vehicles,	are	now	being	leveraged	in	our	energy	storage	products.	Our	energy	storage	systems	are
used	for	backup	power,	grid	independence,	peak	demand	reduction,	demand	response,	reducing	intermittency	of	renewable	generation	and	wholesale
electric	market	services.
	
2	
Our	energy	product	portfolio	includes	systems	with	a	wide	range	of	applications,	from	
residential	
use	to	use	in	large	grid-scale	projects.
Powerwall	2	is	a	14	kWh	rechargeable	lithium-ion	battery	designed	to	store	energy	at	a	home	or	small	commercial	facility	and	can	be	used	
to	provide
seamless	backup	power	in	a	grid	outage	and	to	maximize
	self-consumption	of	solar	power	generation.	In	addition,	we	offer	
the
	Powerpack	
2	
system
,	a
fully	integrated	energy	storage	solution	comprising	of	210kWh	(AC)	battery	packs	and	50	kVa	(at	480V)	inverters	that	can	be	grouped	together	to	form
MWh	and	GWh	sized	installations.	The	Powerpack	2	system
	can	be	used	by	commercial	and	industrial	customers	for	peak	shaving,	load	shifting,	self-
consumption	of	solar	generation	and	demand	response
,	as	well	as	to	provide	backup	power	during	grid	outages,	and	
by	utilities	
and	independent	power
producers	
to	smooth	and	firm	the	output	of	renewable	power	generation	sources,	provide	dynamic	energy	capacity	to	the	grid,	defer	or	eliminate	the
need	to	upgrade	transmission	infrastructure
,
	and	provide	a	variety	of	
other	
grid	services
	such	as	frequency	regulation	and	voltage	control.	Powerpack	2
can	also	be	combined	with	renewable	energy	generation	sources	to	create	microgrids	that	provide	remote	communities	with	clean,	resilient	and
affordable	power.
Along	with	designing	and	manufacturing	energy	storage	products,	we	continue	to	develop	and	advance	our	software	capabilities	for	the	control
and	optimal	dispatch	of	energy	storage	systems	across	a	wide	range	of	markets	and	applications.
Solar	Energy	Systems
The	major	components	of	our	solar	energy	systems	include	solar	panels	that	convert	sunlight	into	electrical	current,	inverters	that	convert	the
electrical	output	from	the	panels	to	a	usable	current	compatible	with	the	electric	grid,	racking	that	attaches	the	solar	panels	to	the	roof	or	ground,
electrical	hardware	that	connects	the	solar	energy	system	to	the	electric	grid	and	our	monitoring	device.	While	we	have	recently	started	manufacturing
solar	panels	in	Gigafactory	2	in	collaboration	with	Panasonic,	we	currently	purchase	the	majority	of	system	components	from	vendors,	maintaining
multiple	sources	for	each	major	component	to	ensure	competitive	pricing	and	an	adequate	supply	of	materials.	We	also	design	and	manufacture	other
system	components.
Sales	of	residential	solar	systems	enable	our	customers	to	take	direct	advantage	of	federal	tax	credits	to	reduce	their	electricity	costs.	Our	solar
loan	offering	enables	customers	to	own	their	solar	system	with	little	upfront	cost.	We	also	continue	to	offer	lease	and	power	purchase	agreement	options
to	both	residential	and	commercial	customers.	Our	current	standard	leases	and	PPAs	have	a	20-year	term,	and	we	typically	offer	customers	the
opportunity	to	renew	our	agreements.
In	October	2016,	we	unveiled	Solar	Roof,	which	integrates	solar	energy	production	with	aesthetically	pleasing	and	durable	glass	roofing	tiles	and
is	designed	to	complement	the	architecture	of	homes	and	commercial	buildings	while	turning	sunlight	into	electricity.	We	recently	commenced	Solar	Roof
production	at	our	Gigafactory	2	in	Buffalo,	New	York,	and	are	beginning	to	install	them	in	customers’	homes.
Technology
Vehicles
Our	core	competencies	are	powertrain	engineering,	vehicle	engineering,	innovative	manufacturing	and	energy	storage.	Our	core	intellectual
property	includes	our	electric	powertrain,	our	ability	to	design	a	vehicle	that	utilizes	the	unique	advantages	of	an	electric	powertrain	and	our
development	of	self-driving	technologies.	Our	powertrain	consists	of	our	battery	pack,	power	electronics,	motor,	gearbox	and	control	software.	We	offer
several	powertrain	variants	for	our	vehicles	that	incorporate	years	of	research	and	development.	In	addition,	we	have	designed	our	vehicles	to
incorporate	the	latest	advances	in	consumer	technologies,	such	as	mobile	computing,	sensing,	displays,	and	connectivity.
Battery	Pack
We	design	our	battery	packs	to	achieve	high	energy	density	at	a	low	cost	while	also	maintaining	safety,	reliability	and	long	life.	Our	proprietary
technology	includes	systems	for	high	density	energy	storage,	cooling,	safety,	charge	balancing,	structural	durability,	and	electronics	management.	We
have	also	pioneered	advanced	manufacturing	techniques	to	manufacture	large	volumes	of	battery	packs	with	high	quality	at	low	cost.
	
3	
We	have	significant	expertise	in	the	safety	and	management	systems	needed	to	use	lithium-ion	cells	in	the	automotive	environment,	and	have
further	optimize
d
	cell	designs	to	increase	overall	performance.	These	advancements	have	enabled	us	to	improve	cost	and	performance	of	our	batteries
over	time.
Our	engineering	and	manufacturing	efforts	have	been	performed	with	a	longer-term	goal	of	building	a	foundation	for	further	development.	For
instance,	we	have	designed	our	battery	pack	to	permit	flexibility	with	respect	to	battery	cell	chemistry	and	form	factor.	We	maintain	extensive	testing	and
R&D	capabilities	at	the	individual	cell	level,	the	full	battery-pack	level,	and	other	critical	battery	pack	systems	and	have	built	an	expansive	body	of
knowledge	on	lithium-ion	cell	vendors,	chemistry	types,	and	performance	characteristics.	We	believe	that	the	flexibility	of	our	designs,	combined	with	our
research	and	real-world	performance	data,	will	enable	us	to	continue	to	evaluate	new	battery	cells	and	optimize	battery	pack	system	performance	and
cost	for	our	current	and	future	vehicles.
Power	Electronics
The	power	electronics	in	our	electric	vehicle	powertrain	govern	the	flow	of	high	voltage	electrical	current	throughout	our	vehicles	and	serve	to
power	our	electric	motor	to	generate	torque	while	driving	and	deliver	energy	into	the	battery	pack	while	charging.
The	drive	inverter	converts	direct	current	(“DC”)	from	the	battery	pack	into	alternating	current	(“AC”)	to	drive	our	induction	motors	and	provides
“regenerative	braking”	functionality,	which	captures	energy	from	the	wheels	to	charge	the	battery	pack.	The	primary	technological	advantages	to	our
designs	include	the	ability	to	drive	large	amounts	of	current	in	a	small	physical	package.
The	charger	charges	the	battery	pack	by	converting	alternating	current	(usually	from	a	wall	outlet	or	other	electricity	source)	into	direct	current
that	can	be	accepted	by	the	battery.	Tesla	vehicles	can	recharge	on	a	wide	variety	of	electricity	sources	due	to	the	design	of	this	charger,	from	a	common
household	outlet	to	high	power	circuits	meant	for	more	industrial	uses.
Dual	Motor	Powertrain
We	offer	dual	motor	powertrain	vehicles,	which	use	two	electric	motors	to	provide	greater	efficiency,	performance,	and	range	in	an	all-wheel
drive	configuration.	Tesla’s	dual	motor	powertrain	digitally	and	independently	controls	torque	to	the	front	and	rear	wheels.	The	almost	instantaneous
response	of	the	motors,	combined	with	low	centers	of	gravity,	provides	drivers	with	controlled	performance	and	increased	traction	control.
Vehicle	Control	and	Infotainment	Software
The	performance	and	safety	systems	of	our	vehicles	and	their	battery	packs	require	sophisticated	control	software.	There	are	numerous
processors	in	our	vehicles	to	control	these	functions,	and	we	write	custom	firmware	for	many	of	these	processors.	Software	algorithms	control	traction,
vehicle	stability	and	the	sustained	acceleration	and	regenerative	braking	of	the	vehicle,	and	are	also	used	extensively	to	monitor	the	charge	state	of	the
battery	pack	and	to	manage	all	of	its	safety	systems.	Drivers	use	the	information	and	control	systems	in	our	vehicles	to	optimize	performance,	customize
vehicle	behavior,	manage	charging	modes	and	times	and	control	all	infotainment	functions.	We	develop	almost	all	of	this	software,	including	most	of	the
user	interfaces,	internally.
Self-Driving	Development
We	have	expertise	in	vehicle	autopilot	systems,	including	auto-steering,	traffic	aware	cruise	control,	automated	lane	changing,	automated
parking,	Summon	and	driver	warning	systems.	In	October	2016,	we	began	equipping	all	Tesla	vehicles	with	hardware	needed	for	full	self-driving
capability,	including	cameras	that	provide	360	degree	visibility,	updated	ultrasonic	sensors	for	object	detection,	a	forward-facing	radar	with	enhanced
processing,	and	a	powerful	new	onboard	computer.	Our	autopilot	systems	relieve	our	drivers	of	the	most	tedious	and	potentially	dangerous	aspects	of
road	travel.	Although,	at	present,	the	driver	is	ultimately	responsible	for	controlling	the	vehicle,	our	system	provides	safety	and	convenience	functionality
that	allows	our	customers	to	rely	on	it	much	like	the	system	that	airplane	pilots	use	when	conditions	permit.	This	hardware	suite,	along	with	over-the-air
firmware	updates	and	field	data	feedback	loops	from	the	onboard	camera,	radar,	ultrasonics,	and	GPS,	enables	the	system	to	continually	learn	and
improve	its	performance.
	
4	
Additionally,	we	continue	to	make	significant	advancements	in	the	development	of	fully	self-driving	technologies.
Energy	Storage
We	are	leveraging	many	of	the	component	level	technologies	from	our	vehicles	to	advance	our	energy	storage	products,	including	high	density
energy	storage,	cooling,	safety,	charge	balancing,	structural	durability,	and	electronics	management.	By	taking	a	modular	approach	to	the	design	of
battery	systems,	we	are	able	to	maximize	manufacturing	capacity	to	produce	both	Powerwall	and	Powerpack	products.	Additionally,	we	are	making
significant	strides	in	the	area	of	bi-directional,	grid-tied	power	electronics	that	enable	us	to	interconnect	our	battery	systems	seamlessly	with	global
electricity	grids	while	providing	fast-acting	systems	for	power	injection	and	absorption.
Solar	Energy	Systems
We	are	continually	innovating	and	developing	new	technologies	to	facilitate	the	growth	of	our	solar	energy	systems	business.	For	example,	Solar
Roof	is	being	designed	to	work	seamlessly	with	Tesla	Powerwall	2	and	we	have	developed	proprietary	software	to	reduce	system	design	and	installation
timelines	and	costs.
Design	and	Engineering
Vehicles
In	addition	to	the	design,	development	and	production	of	the	powertrain,	we	have	created	significant	in-house	capabilities	in	the	design	and
engineering	of	electric	vehicles	and	their	components	and	systems.	We	design	and	engineer	bodies,	chassis,	interiors,	heating	and	cooling	and	low
voltage	electrical	systems	in	house	and	to	a	lesser	extent	in	conjunction	with	our	suppliers.	Our	team	has	core	competencies	in	computer	aided	design
and	crash	test	simulations	which	reduces	the	product	development	time	of	new	models.
Additionally,	our	team	has	expertise	in	lightweight	materials,	a	very	important	characteristic	for	electric	vehicles	given	the	impact	of	mass	on
range.	Model	S	and	Model	X	are	built	with	a	lightweight	aluminum	body	and	chassis	which	incorporates	a	variety	of	materials	and	production	methods
that	help	optimize	the	weight	of	the	vehicle.	Moreover,	we	have	designed	Model	3	with	a	mix	of	materials	to	be	lightweight	and	safe	while	also	increasing
cost-effectiveness	for	this	mass-market	vehicle.
Energy	Storage
We	have	an	in-house	engineering	team	that	both	designs	our	energy	storage	products	themselves,	and	works	with	our	residential,	commercial
and	utility	customers	to	design	bespoke	systems	incorporating	our	products.	Our	team’s	expertise	in	electrical,	mechanical,	civil	and	software
engineering	enables	us	to	create	integrated	energy	storage	solutions	that	meet	the	particular	needs	of	all	customer	types.
Solar	Energy	Systems
We	also	have	an	in-house	engineering	team	that	designs	a	customized	solar	energy	system	or	Solar	Roof	for	each	of	our	customers,	and	which
works	closely	with	our	energy	storage	engineering	teams	to	integrate	an	energy	storage	system	when	requested	by	the	customer.	We	have	developed
software	that	simplifies	and	expedites	the	design	process	and	optimizes	the	design	to	maximize	the	energy	production	of	each	system.	Our	engineers
complete	a	structural	analysis	of	each	building	and	produce	a	full	set	of	structural	design	and	electrical	blueprints	that	contain	the	specifications	for	all
system	components.	Additionally,	we	design	complementary	mounting	and	grounding	hardware	where	required.
Sales	and	Marketing
Vehicles
Company-Owned	Stores	and	Galleries
We	market	and	sell	our	vehicles	directly	to	consumers	through	an	international	network	of	company-owned	stores	and	galleries	which	we	believe
enables	us	to	better	control	costs	of	inventory,	manage	warranty	service	and	pricing,	maintain	and	strengthen	the	Tesla	brand,	and	obtain	rapid	customer
feedback.	Our	Tesla	stores	and	galleries
	
5	
are	highly	visible,	premium	outlets	in	major	metropolitan	markets,	some	of	which	combine	retail	sales	and	service.	We	have	also	found	that	opening	a
service	center	in	a	new	geographic	area	can	increase	demand.	As	a	result,	we	have	complemented	our	store	strategy	with	sales	facilities	and	personnel	in
service	centers	to	more	rapidly	expand	our	retail	footprint.	We	refer	to	these	as	“Service	Plus”	locations.
Used	Car	Sales
Our	used	car	business	supports	new	car	sales	by	integrating	the	sale	of	a	new	Tesla	vehicle	with	a	customer’s	trade-in	needs	for	their	existing
Tesla	and	non-Tesla	vehicles.	The	Tesla	and	non-Tesla	vehicles	we	acquire	through	trade-ins	are	subsequently	remarketed,	primarily	to	the	general	public
and	through	third-party	auto	auctions.	We	also	receive	used	Tesla	vehicles	to	resell	through	lease	returns	and	other	sources.
Charging
On	the	road,	customers	can	also	charge	using	our	Supercharger	network	or	at	a	variety	of	destinations	that	have	deployed	our	charging
equipment.	In	addition,	our	vehicles	can	charge	at	a	variety	of	public	charging	stations	around	the	world,	either	natively	or	through	a	suite	of	adapters.
This	flexibility	in	charging	provides	customers	with	additional	mobility	in	addition	to	their	ability	to	conveniently	charge	their	vehicles	overnight	at	home.
We	continue	to	build	out	our	Tesla	Supercharger	network	throughout	North	America,	Europe,	Asia	and	other	markets	to	enable	convenient,	long-
distance	travel.	Our	Supercharger	network	is	a	strategic	corporate	initiative	designed	to	provide	fast	charging	to	enable	long-distance	travel	and	remove
a	barrier	to	the	broader	adoption	of	electric	vehicles	caused	by	the	perception	of	limited	vehicle	range.	The	Tesla	Supercharger	is	an	industrial	grade,
high	speed	charger	designed	to	recharge	a	Tesla	vehicle	significantly	more	quickly	than	other	charging	options.	To	satisfy	growing	demand,
Supercharger	stations	typically	have	between	six	and	twenty	Superchargers	and	are	strategically	placed	along	well-travelled	routes	to	allow	Tesla	vehicle
owners	the	ability	to	enjoy	long	distance	travel	with	convenient,	minimal	stops.	Additionally,	we	are	also	building	Superchargers	in	an	increasing	number
of	city	centers	to	enable	urban	use.	Use	of	the	Supercharger	network	is	either	free	or	requires	a	small	fee.
We	are	working	with	a	wide	variety	of	hospitality	locations,	including	hotels,	resorts,	shopping	centers	and	parks	to	offer	an	additional	charging
option	for	our	customers.	These	Destination	Charging	partners	deploy	Tesla	wall	connectors	and	provide	charging	to	Tesla	vehicle	owners	that	patronize
their	businesses.
Where	possible,	we	are	co-locating	Superchargers	with	our	solar	and	energy	storage	systems	to	reduce	the	cost	of	electricity	and	promote	the	use
of	renewable	electricity	by	Tesla	vehicle	owners.		
Orders	and	Reservations
We	typically	carry	a	small	inventory	of	our	vehicles	at	our	Tesla	stores	which	are	available	for	immediate	sale.	The	majority	of	our	customers,
however,	customize	their	vehicle	by	placing	an	order	with	us	via	the	Internet.
Marketing
Historically,	we	have	been	able	to	generate	significant	media	coverage	of	our	company	and	our	vehicles,	and	we	believe	we	will	continue	to	do	so.
To	date,	for	vehicle	sales,	media	coverage	and	word	of	mouth	have	been	the	primary	drivers	of	our	sales	leads	and	have	helped	us	achieve	sales	without
traditional	advertising	and	at	relatively	low	marketing	costs.
Solar	and	Energy	Storage
We	market	and	sell	our	energy	storage	products	to	individuals,	commercial	and	industrial	customers	and	utilities	through	a	variety	of	channels.
Our	residential	solar	and	energy	storage	products	appear	in	an	increasing	number	of	our	stores	and	galleries	in	the	U.S.	which	generates	further
interest	in	these	products.	In	the	U.S.,	we	also	use	our	national	sales	organization,	channel	partner	network	and	customer	referral	program	to	market	and
sell	our	residential	solar	and	energy	storage	systems.	Outside	of	the	U.S.,	we	use	our	international	sales	organization	and	a	network	of	channel	partners
to	market	and	sell	Powerwall	2,	and	we	have	recently	launched	pilot	programs	for	the	sale	of	residential	solar	products	in	certain	countries.	We	also	sell
Powerwall	2	directly	to	utilities,	who	then	deploy	the	product	in	customer	homes.
	
6	
We	sell	Powerpack	
2	
systems	to	
commercial	and	
utility	customers	through	our	international	sales	organization,	which	consists	of	experienced
power	industry	professionals	in	all	of	our	target	markets,	as	well	as	
through	our
	channel	partner	network.
	In	the	U.S	and	Mexico,	we	also	sell	installed
solar	systems	to	commercial	customers	through	cash,	lease	and	power	purchase	agreement	transactions.
Service	and	Warranty
Vehicles
Service
We	provide	service	for	our	electric	vehicles	at	our	company-owned	service	centers,	at	our	Service	Plus	locations	or,	in	certain	areas,	through
Tesla	mobile	technicians	who	provide	services	that	do	not	require	a	vehicle	lift.	Performing	vehicle	service	ourselves	allows	us	to	identify	problems,	find
solutions,	and	incorporate	improvements	faster	than	incumbent	automobile	manufacturers.
Our	vehicles	are	designed	with	the	capability	to	wirelessly	upload	data	to	us	via	an	on-board	system	with	cellular	connectivity,	allowing	us	to
diagnose	and	remedy	many	problems	before	ever	looking	at	the	vehicle.	When	maintenance	or	service	is	required,	a	customer	can	schedule	service	by
contacting	one	of	our	Tesla	service	centers	or	our	Tesla	mobile	technicians	can	perform	an	array	of	services	from	a	customer’s	home	or	other	remote
location.
New	Vehicle	Limited	Warranty,	Maintenance	and	Extended	Service	Plans
We	provide	a	four	year	or	50,000	mile	New	Vehicle	Limited	Warranty	with	every	new	vehicle,	subject	to	separate	limited	warranties	for	the
supplemental	restraint	system	and	battery	and	drive	unit.	For	the	battery	and	drive	unit	on	our	current	new	Model	S	and	Model	X	vehicles,	we	offer	an
eight	year,	infinite	mile	limited	warranty,	although	the	battery’s	charging	capacity	is	not	covered.	For	the	battery	and	drive	unit	on	our	current	new
Model	3	vehicles,	we	offer	an	eight	year	or	100,000	mile	limited	warranty	for	our	standard	range	battery	and	an	eight	year	or	120,000	mile	limited
warranty	for	our	long	range	battery,	with	minimum	70%	retention	of	battery	capacity	over	the	warranty	period.
In	addition	to	the	New	Vehicle	Limited	Warranty,	we	currently	offer	for	Model	S	and	Model	X	a	comprehensive	maintenance	program	for	every
new	vehicle,	which	includes	plans	covering	prepaid	maintenance	for	up	to	four	years	or	up	to	50,000	miles	and	an	Extended	Service	plan.	The
maintenance	plans	cover	annual	inspections	and	the	replacement	of	wear	and	tear	parts,	excluding	tires	and	the	battery.	The	Extended	Service	plan
covers	the	repair	or	replacement	of	vehicle	parts	for	up	to	an	additional	four	years	or	up	to	an	additional	50,000	miles	after	the	New	Vehicle	Limited
Warranty.
Energy	Storage
We	generally	provide	a	ten	year	“no	defect”	and	“energy	retention”	warranty	with	every	Powerwall	2	and	a	fifteen	year	“no	defect”	and	“energy
retention”	warranty	with	every	Powerpack	2	system.	For	Powerwall	2,	the	energy	retention	warranty	involves	us	guaranteeing	that	the	energy	capacity	of
the	product	will	be	70%	or	80%	(depending	on	the	region	of	installation)	of	its	nameplate	capacity	after	10	years	of	use.	For	Powerpack	2,	the	energy
retention	warranty	involves	us	guaranteeing	a	minimum	energy	capacity	in	each	of	its	first	15	years	of	use.	For	both	products,	our	warranty	is	subject	to
specified	use	restrictions	or	kWh	throughput	caps.	In	addition,	we	offer	certain	extended	warranties,	which	customers	are	able	to	purchase	from	us	at	the
time	they	purchase	an	energy	storage	system,	including	a	20	year	extended	protection	plan	for	Powerwall	2	and	a	selection	of	10	or	20	year	performance
guarantees	for	Powerpack	2.	We	agree	to	repair	or	replace	our	energy	storage	products	in	the	event	of	a	valid	warranty	claim.	In	circumstances	where
we	install	a	Powerwall	2	or	Powerpack	2	system,	we	also	provide	warranties,	generally	ranging	from	one	to	four	years,	on	our	installation	workmanship.
All	of	the	warranties	for	our	energy	storage	systems	are	subject	to	customary	limitations	and	exclusions.
Solar	Energy	Systems
For	traditional	solar	systems	that	are	leased	or	under	power	purchase	agreements	(“PPAs”),	we	provide	a	full	system	warranty	for	20	years	from
installation.	For	other	traditional	solar	systems,	we	provide	a	20	year	installation	warranty	and	a	warranty	against	roof	leaks	of	at	least	a	year.	We	also
pass-through	the	inverter	and	module	manufacturer	warranties	(typically	10	years	and	25	years	respectively)	and,	for	an	additional	fee,	offer	an	extended
	
7	
inverter	warranty	that	runs	from	the	end	of	the	manufacturer’s	warranty	until	20	years	after	system	install
ation
.	When	we	sell	or	lease	a	traditional	
solar
system,	or	a	customer	pays	up	front	in	full	under	a	
PPA
,	we	compensate	the	customer	if	their	system	produces	less	energy	than	guaranteed	over	a
specified	period.	
For	
Solar	Roof
,	we	provide
	a	warranty	against	glass
	tile
	chipping	or	cracking
	for	the	lifetime	of	the	home
,	a	30	year	installation
warranty,	a	30	year	weatherization	warranty	and	a	power	output	warranty.	For	all	systems	(traditional	and	Solar	Roof)	we	
also	
provide	service	and	repair
(either	under	warranty	or	for	a	fee)	during	the	entire	term	of	the	customer	relationship.
Financial	Services
Vehicles
We	offer	loans	and	leases	for	our	vehicles	in	North	America,	Europe	and	Asia	primarily	through	various	financial	institutions.	We	also	offer
financing	arrangements	directly	through	our	local	subsidiaries	in	certain	areas	of	the	U.S.,	Germany,	Canada	and	the	UK.	We	intend	to	broaden	our
financial	services	offerings	during	the	next	few	years.	
Certain	of	our	current	financing	programs	outside	of	North	America	provide	customers	with	a	resale	value	guarantee	under	which	those
customers	have	the	option	of	selling	their	vehicle	back	to	us	at	a	preset	future	date,	generally	at	the	end	of	the	term	of	the	applicable	loan	or	financing
program,	for	a	pre-determined	resale	value.	In	certain	markets,	we	also	offer	vehicle	buyback	guarantees	to	financial	institutions	which	may	obligate	us
to	repurchase	the	vehicles	for	a	pre-determined	price.
Solar	Energy	Systems
We	are	an	industry	leader	in	offering	innovative	financing	alternatives	that	allow	our	customers	to	take	direct	advantage	of	available	tax	credits
and	incentives	to	reduce	the	cost	of	owning	a	solar	energy	system	through	a	solar	loan,	or	to	make	the	switch	to	solar	energy	with	little	to	no	upfront
costs	under	a	lease	or	PPA.	Our	solar	loan	offers	third-party	financing	directly	to	a	qualified	customer	to	enable	the	customer	to	purchase	and	own	a	solar
energy	system.	We	are	not	a	party	to	the	loan	agreement	between	the	customer	and	the	third-party	lender,	and	the	third-party	lender	has	no	recourse
against	us	with	respect	to	the	loan.	Our	solar	lease	offers	customers	a	fixed	monthly	fee,	at	rates	that	typically	translate	into	lower	monthly	utility	bills,
and	an	electricity	production	guarantee.	Our	solar	PPA	charges	customers	a	fee	per	kWh	based	on	the	amount	of	electricity	produced	by	our	solar	energy
systems,	at	rates	typically	lower	than	their	local	utility	rate.	Both	our	lease	and	PPA	create	high-quality,	recurring	customer	payments	that	we	monetize
through	funds	we	have	formed	with	investors.
Energy	Storage
We	currently	offer	a	loan	product	to	residential	customers	who	purchase	Powerwall	2	together	with	a	new	solar	system,	and	lease	and	power
purchase	agreements	to	commercial	customers	who	purchase	a	Powerpack	2	system	together	with	a	new	solar	system.	We	intend	to	introduce	financial
services	offerings	for	customers	who	purchase	energy	storage	only,	as	well	as	for	our	Solar	Roof	customers,	in	the	future.
Manufacturing
Vehicles
We	conduct	vehicle	manufacturing	and	assembly	operations	at	our	facilities	in	Fremont,	California;	Lathrop,	California;	and	Tilburg,	Netherlands.
We	have	also	built	and	continue	to	expand	a	cell	and	battery	manufacturing	facility,	Gigafactory	1,	outside	of	Reno,	Nevada.
The	Tesla	Factory	in	Fremont,	CA	and	Manufacturing	Facility	in	Lathrop,	CA
We	manufacture	our	vehicles,	and	certain	parts	and	components	that	are	critical	to	our	intellectual	property	and	quality	standards,	at	the	Tesla
Factory	and	our	manufacturing	facility	in	Lathrop,	CA.	The	Tesla	Factory	contains	several	manufacturing	operations,	including	stamping,	machining,
casting,	plastics,	body	assembly,	paint	operations,	drive	unit	production,	final	vehicle	assembly	and	end-of-line	testing.	In	addition,	we	manufacture
lithium-ion	battery	packs,	electric	motors,	gearboxes	and	components	for	Model	S	and	Model	X	at	the	Tesla	Factory.	Some	major	vehicle	component
systems	are	purchased	from	suppliers;	however	we	have	a	high	level	of	vertical	integration	in	our	manufacturing	processes	at	the	Tesla	Factory.
	
8	
The	Netherlands
Our	European	headquarters	and	manufacturing	facilities	are	located	in	Amsterdam	and	Tilburg.	Our	operations	in	Tilburg	include	final	assembly,
testing	and	quality	control	for	vehicles	delivered	within	the	European	Union,	a	parts	distribution	warehouse	for	service	centers	throughout	Europe,	a
center	for	remanufacturing	work	and	a	customer	service	center.
Gigafactory	1	outside	of	Reno,	Nevada
Gigafactory	1	is	a	facility	where	we	work	together	with	our	suppliers	to	integrate	battery	material,	cell,	module	and	battery	pack	production	in
one	location.	We	use	the	battery	packs	manufactured	at	Gigafactory	1	for	our	vehicles,	including	Model	3	and	energy	storage	products.	We	also
manufacture	Model	3	drive	units	at	Gigafactory	1.
Gigafactory	1	is	being	built	in	phases.	Tesla,	Panasonic	and	other	partners	are	currently	manufacturing	inside	the	finished	sections.	Our	present
plan	is	to	continue	expanding	Gigafactory	1	over	the	next	few	years	so	that	its	capacity	significantly	exceeds	the	approximately	500,000	vehicle	per	year
capacity	that	we	announced	when	we	first	started	developing	it,	and	to	additionally	have	sufficient	capacity	for	our	energy	storage	products.
We	believe	that	Gigafactory	1	will	allow	us	to	achieve	a	significant	reduction	in	the	cost	of	our	battery	packs	once	we	are	in	volume	production
with	Model	3.	We	have	committed	to	substantial	capital	expenditures	for	Gigafactory	1.	Panasonic	has	agreed	to	partner	with	us	on	Gigafactory	1	with
investments	in	production	equipment	that	it	will	use	to	manufacture	and	supply	us	with	battery	cells.	Through	our	ownership	of	Gigafactory	1	and	our
partnership	with	Panasonic,	we	own	sole	access	to	a	facility	designed	to	be	the	highest-volume	and	lowest-cost	source	of	lithium-ion	batteries	in	the
world.
Supply	Chain
Our	vehicles	use	thousands	of	purchased	parts	which	we	source	globally	from	hundreds	of	suppliers.	We	have	developed	close	relationships	with
several	key	suppliers	particularly	in	the	procurement	of	cells	and	certain	other	key	system	parts.	While	we	obtain	components	from	multiple	sources	in
some	cases,	similar	to	other	automobile	manufacturers,	many	of	the	components	used	in	our	vehicles	are	purchased	by	us	from	a	single	source.	In
addition,	while	several	sources	of	the	battery	cell	we	have	selected	for	our	battery	packs	are	available,	we	have	currently	fully	qualified	only	one	cell
supplier	for	the	battery	packs	we	use	in	our	production	vehicles.	We	are	working	to	fully	qualify	additional	cells	from	other	manufacturers.
We	use	various	raw	materials	in	our	business	including	aluminum,	steel,	cobalt,	lithium,	nickel	and	copper.	The	prices	for	these	raw	materials
fluctuate	depending	on	market	conditions	and	global	demand	for	these	materials.	We	believe	that	we	have	adequate	supplies	or	sources	of	availability	of
the	raw	materials	necessary	to	meet	our	manufacturing	and	supply	requirements.
Energy	Storage
Our	energy	storage	products	are	manufactured	at	Gigafactory	1.	We	leverage	the	same	supply	chain	process	and	infrastructure	as	we	use	for	our
vehicles.	The	battery	architecture	and	many	of	the	components	used	in	our	energy	storage	products	are	the	same	or	similar	to	those	used	in	our	vehicles’
battery	pack,	enabling	us	to	take	advantage	of	manufacturing	efficiencies	and	supply	chain	economies	of	scale.	The	power	electronics	and	inverters	for
the	Powerwall	and	Powerpack	systems	are	also	manufactured	at	Gigafactory	1,	allowing	us	to	ship	deployment-ready	systems	directly	to	customers.
Solar	Energy	Systems
We	currently	purchase	major	components	such	as	solar	panels	and	inverters	directly	from	multiple	manufacturers.	We	typically	purchase	solar
panels	and	inverters	on	an	as-needed	basis	from	our	suppliers	at	then-prevailing	prices	pursuant	to	purchase	orders	issued	under	our	master	contractual
arrangements.	In	December	2016,	we	entered	into	a	long-term	agreement	with	Panasonic	to	manufacture	photovoltaic	(“PV”)	cells	and	modules	at	our
Gigafactory	2	in	Buffalo,	New	York,	with	negotiated	pricing	provisions	and	the	intent	to	manufacture	at	least	1.0	gigawatt	of	solar	panels	annually.	We
have	recently	started	manufacturing	solar	panels	in	Gigafactory	2	in	collaboration	with	Panasonic.
	
9	
Governmental	Programs,	Incentives	and	Regulations
Vehicles
California	Alternative	Energy	and	Advanced	Transportation	Financing	Authority	Tax	Incentives
We	have	entered	into	multiple	agreements	over	the	past	few	years	with	the	California	Alternative	Energy	and	Advanced	Transportation	Financing
Authority	(“CAEATFA”)	that	provide	multi-year	sales	tax	exclusions	on	purchases	of	manufacturing	equipment	that	will	be	used	for	specific	purposes
including	the	expansion	and	ongoing	development	of	Model	S,	Model	X,	Model	3	and	future	electric	vehicles	and	expansion	of	electric	vehicle	powertrain
production	in	California.
Nevada	Tax	Incentives
In	connection	with	the	construction	of	Gigafactory	1	in	Nevada,	we	have	entered	into	agreements	with	the	State	of	Nevada	and	Storey	County	in
Nevada	that	will	provide	abatements	for	sales	and	use	taxes,	real	and	personal	property	taxes,	and	employer	excise	taxes,	discounts	to	the	base	tariff
energy	rates,	and	transferable	tax	credits.	These	incentives	are	available	for	the	applicable	periods	ending	on	June	30,	2034,	subject	to	capital
investments	by	Tesla	and	its	partners	for	Gigafactory	1	of	at	least	$3.50	billion	in	the	aggregate	on	or	before	June	30,	2024,	which	were	met	as	of
December	31,	2017,	and	certain	other	conditions	specified	in	the	agreements.	If	we	do	not	satisfy	one	or	more	conditions	under	the	agreements,	Tesla
will	be	required	to	repay	to	the	respective	taxing	authorities	the	amounts	of	the	tax	incentives	incurred,	plus	interest.
Tesla	Regulatory	Credits
In	connection	with	the	production,	delivery	and	placement	into	service	of	our	zero	emission	vehicles,	charging	infrastructure	and	solar	systems	in
global	markets,	we	have	earned	and	will	continue	to	earn	various	tradable	regulatory	credits.	We	have	sold	these	credits,	and	will	continue	to	sell	future
credits,	to	automotive	companies	and	regulated	entities.	For	example,	under	California’s	Zero-Emission	Vehicle	Regulation	and	those	of	states	that	have
adopted	California’s	standard,	vehicle	manufacturers	are	required	to	earn	or	purchase	credits	for	compliance	with	their	annual	regulatory	requirements.
These	laws	provide	that	automakers	may	bank	excess	credits,	referred	to	as	ZEV	credits,	if	they	earn	more	credits	than	the	minimum	quantity	required	by
those	laws.	Manufacturers	with	a	surplus	of	credits	may	sell	their	credits	to	other	regulated	parties.	Pursuant	to	the	U.S.	Environmental	Protection
Agency’s	(“EPA”)	national	greenhouse	gas	(“GHG”)	emission	standards	and	similar	standards	adopted	by	the	Canadian	government,	car	and	truck
manufacturers	are	required	to	meet	fleet-wide	average	carbon	dioxide	emissions	standards.	Manufacturers	may	sell	excess	credits	to	other
manufacturers,	who	can	use	the	credits	to	comply	with	these	regulatory	requirements.	Many	U.S.	states	have	also	adopted	procurement	requirements	for
renewable	energy	production.	These	requirements	enable	companies	deploying	solar	energy	to	earn	tradable	credits	known	as	Solar	Renewable	Energy
Certificates	(“SRECs”).
Regulation—Vehicle	Safety	and	Testing
Our	vehicles	are	subject	to,	and	comply	with	or	are	otherwise	exempt	from,	numerous	regulatory	requirements	established	by	the	National
Highway	Traffic	Safety	Administration	(“NHTSA”),	including	all	applicable	United	States	Federal	Motor	Vehicle	Safety	Standards	(“FMVSS”).	Our
vehicles	fully	comply	with	all	applicable	FMVSSs	without	the	need	for	any	exemptions,	and	we	expect	future	Tesla	vehicles	to	either	fully	comply	or
comply	with	limited	exemptions	related	to	new	technologies.	Additionally,	there	are	regulatory	changes	being	considered	for	several	FMVSS,	and	while
we	anticipate	compliance,	there	is	no	assurance	until	final	regulation	changes	are	enacted.
As	a	manufacturer,	we	must	self-certify	that	our	vehicles	meet	all	applicable	FMVSS,	as	well	as	the	NHTSA	bumper	standard,	or	otherwise	are
exempt,	before	the	vehicles	can	be	imported	or	sold	in	the	U.S.	Numerous	FMVSS	apply	to	our	vehicles,	such	as	crash-worthiness	requirements,	crash
avoidance	requirements,	and	electric	vehicle	requirements.	We	are	also	required	to	comply	with	other	federal	laws	administered	by	NHTSA,	including	the
CAFE	standards,	Theft	Prevention	Act	requirements,	consumer	information	labeling	requirements,	Early	Warning	Reporting	requirements	regarding
warranty	claims,	field	reports,	death	and	injury	reports	and	foreign	recalls,	and	owner’s	manual	requirements.
The	Automobile	Information	and	Disclosure	Act	requires	manufacturers	of	motor	vehicles	to	disclose	certain	information	regarding	the
manufacturer’s	suggested	retail	price,	optional	equipment	and	pricing.	In	addition,	this
	
10	
law	allows	inclusion	of	city	and	highway	fuel	economy	ratings,	as	determined	by	EPA,	as	well	as	crash	test	ratings	as	determined	by	NHTSA	if	such	tests
are	conducted.
Our	vehicles	sold	outside	of	the	U.S.	are	subject	to	foreign	safety	testing	regulations.	Many	of	those	regulations	are	different	from	the	federal
motor	vehicle	safety	standards	applicable	in	the	U.S.	and	may	require	redesign	and/or	retesting.	The	European	Union	has	proposed	new	rules	that,	if
approved,	may	significantly	change	the	manner	that	vehicles	are	certified	for	compliance	in	Europe	by	creating	more	individual	country-by-country	type-
approval	requirements	instead	of	the	current	singular	Europe-wide	system.
Regulation	–	Self	Driving
There	are	no	federal	U.S.	regulations	pertaining	to	the	safety	of	self-driving	vehicles;	however,	NHTSA	has	established	recommended	guidelines.
Certain	U.S.	states	have	legal	restrictions	on	self-driving	vehicles,	and	many	other	states	are	considering	them.	This	patchwork	increases	legal	complexity
for	our	vehicles.	In	Europe,	certain	vehicle	safety	regulations	apply	to	self-driving	braking	and	steering	systems,	and	certain	treaties	also	restrict	the
legality	of	certain	higher	levels	of	self-driving	vehicles.	Self-driving	laws	and	regulations	are	expected	to	continue	to	evolve	in	numerous	jurisdictions	in
the	U.S.	and	foreign	countries	and	may	create	restrictions	on	our	self-driving	features.
Regulation—Battery	Safety	and	Testing
Our	battery	pack	conforms	to	mandatory	regulations	that	govern	transport	of	“dangerous	goods”,	defined	to	include	lithium-ion	batteries,	which
may	present	a	risk	in	transportation.	The	regulations	vary	by	mode	of	shipping	transportation,	such	as	by	ocean	vessel,	rail,	truck,	or	air.	We	have
completed	the	applicable	transportation	tests	for	our	battery	packs,	demonstrating	our	compliance	with	applicable	regulations.
We	use	lithium-ion	cells	in	our	high	voltage	battery	packs.	The	cells	do	not	contain	any	lead,	mercury,	cadmium	or	heavy	metals.	Our	battery
packs	include	certain	materials	that	contain	trace	amounts	of	hazardous	chemicals	whose	use,	storage,	and	disposal	is	regulated	under	federal	law.	We
currently	have	an	agreement	with	a	third	party	battery	recycling	company	to	recycle	our	battery	packs.	
Automobile	Manufacturer	and	Dealer	Regulation
State	laws	regulate	the	manufacture,	distribution,	and	sale	of	automobiles,	and	generally	require	motor	vehicle	manufacturers	and	dealers	to	be
licensed	in	order	to	sell	vehicles	directly	to	consumers	in	the	state.	As	we	open	additional	Tesla	stores	and	service	centers,	we	secure	dealer	licenses	(or
their	equivalent)	and	engage	in	sales	activities	to	sell	our	vehicles	directly	to	consumers.	A	few	states,	such	as	Michigan	and	Connecticut,	do	not	permit
automobile	manufacturers	to	be	licensed	as	dealers	or	to	act	in	the	capacity	of	a	dealer,	or	otherwise	restrict	a	manufacturer’s	ability	to	deliver	or	service
vehicles.	To	sell	vehicles	to	residents	of	states	where	we	are	not	licensed	as	a	dealer,	we	generally	conduct	the	sale	out	of	the	state	via	the	internet,
phone	or	mail.	In	such	states,	we	have	opened	“galleries”	that	serve	an	educational	purpose	and	are	not	retail	locations.
As	we	expand	our	retail	footprint	in	the	U.S.,	some	automobile	dealer	trade	associations	have	both	challenged	the	legality	of	our	operations	in
court	and	used	administrative	and	legislative	processes	to	attempt	to	prohibit	or	limit	our	ability	to	operate	existing	stores	or	expand	to	new	locations.	We
expect	that	the	dealer	associations	will	continue	to	mount	challenges	to	our	business	model.	In	addition,	we	expect	the	dealer	associations	to	actively
lobby	state	licensing	agencies	and	legislators	to	interpret	existing	laws	or	enact	new	laws	in	ways	not	favorable	to	Tesla’s	ownership	and	operation	of	its
own	retail	and	service	locations,	and	we	intend	to	actively	fight	any	such	efforts	to	limit	our	ability	to	sell	our	own	vehicles.
While	we	have	analyzed	the	principal	laws	in	the	U.S.,	EU,	China,	Japan,	UK,	and	Australia	relating	to	our	distribution	model	and	believe	we
comply	with	such	laws,	we	have	not	performed	a	complete	analysis	of	all	jurisdictions	in	which	we	may	sell	vehicles.	Accordingly,	there	may	be	laws	in
certain	jurisdictions	that	may	restrict	our	sales	and	service	operations.
	
11	
Energy	Storage
The	regulatory	regime	for	energy	storage	projects	is	still	under	development.	Nevertheless,	there	are	various	policies,	incentives	and	financial
mechanisms	at	the	federal,	state	and	local	level	that	support	the	adoption	of	energy	storage.	For	example,	energy	storage	systems	that	are	charged	using
solar	energy	are	eligible	for	the	30%	tax	credit	under	Section	48(a)(3)	of	the	Internal	Revenue	Code,	or	the	IRC,	as	described	below.	In	addition,
California	and	a	number	of	other	states	have	adopted	procurement	targets	for	energy	storage,	and	behind	the	meter	energy	storage	systems	qualify	for
funding	under	the	California	Self	Generation	Incentive	Program.
The	Federal	Energy	Regulatory	Commission	(“FERC”)	has	also	taken	steps	to	enable	the	participation	of	energy	storage	in	wholesale	energy
markets.	In	2011	and	2013,	FERC	removed	many	barriers	for	systems	like	energy	storage	to	provide	frequency	regulation	service,	thus	increasing	the
value	these	systems	can	obtain	in	wholesale	energy	markets.	More	recently,	in	late	2016,	FERC	released	a	Notice	of	Proposed	Rulemaking	that,	if	it
becomes	a	final	rule,	would	further	break	down	barriers	preventing	energy	storage	from	fully	participating	in	wholesale	energy	markets.	Finally,	in
January	2017,	FERC	issued	a	statement	supporting	the	use	of	energy	storage	as	both	electric	transmission	and	as	electric	generation	concurrently,	thus
enabling	energy	storage	systems	to	provide	greater	value	to	the	electric	grid.
Solar	Energy	Systems
Government	and	Utility	Programs	and	Incentives
U.S.	federal,	state	and	local	governments	have	established	various	policies,	incentives	and	financial	mechanisms	to	reduce	the	cost	of	solar
energy	and	to	accelerate	the	adoption	of	solar	energy.	These	incentives	include	tax	credits,	cash	grants,	tax	abatements	and	rebates.
The	federal	government	currently	provides	an	uncapped	investment	tax	credit,	or	Federal	ITC,	under	two	sections	of	the	IRC:	Section	48	and
Section	25D.	Section	48(a)(3)	of	the	IRC	allows	a	taxpayer	to	claim	a	credit	of	30%	of	qualified	expenditures	for	a	commercial	solar	energy	system	that
commences	construction	by	December	31,	2019.	The	credit	then	declines	to	26%	in	2020,	22%	in	2021,	and	a	permanent	10%	thereafter.	We	claim	the
Section	48	commercial	credit	when	available	for	both	our	residential	and	commercial	projects,	based	on	ownership	of	the	solar	energy	system.	The
federal	government	also	provides	accelerated	depreciation	for	eligible	commercial	solar	energy	systems.	Section	25D	of	the	IRC	allows	a	homeowner-
taxpayer	to	claim	a	credit	of	30%	of	qualified	expenditures	for	a	residential	solar	energy	system	owned	by	the	homeowner	that	is	placed	in	service	by
December	31,	2019.	The	credit	then	declines	to	26%	in	2020	and	22%	in	2021,	and	is	scheduled	to	expire	thereafter.	Customers	who	purchase	their	solar
energy	systems	for	cash	or	through	our	solar	loan	are	eligible	to	claim	the	Section	25D	investment	tax	credit.
In	addition	to	the	Federal	ITC,	many	U.S.	states	offer	personal	and	corporate	tax	credits	and	incentive	available	for	solar	energy	systems.
Regulation	–	General
We	are	not	a	“regulated	utility”	in	the	U.S.	To	operate	our	systems,	we	obtain	interconnection	agreements	from	the	utilities.	In	almost	all	cases,
interconnection	agreements	are	standard	form	agreements	that	have	been	pre-approved	by	the	public	utility	commission	or	other	regulatory	body.	
Sales	of	electricity	and	non-sale	equipment	leases	by	third	parties,	such	as	our	leases	and	PPAs,	face	regulatory	challenges	in	some	states	and
jurisdictions.
Regulation	–	Net	Metering
Thirty-eight	states,	Washington,	D.C.	and	Puerto	Rico	have	a	regulatory	policy	known	as	net	energy	metering,	or	net	metering,	available	to	solar
customers.	Net	metering	typically	allows	solar	customers	to	interconnect	their	on-site	solar	energy	systems	to	the	utility	grid	and	offset	their	utility
electricity	purchases	by	receiving	a	bill	credit	for	excess	energy	generated	by	their	solar	energy	system	that	is	exported	to	the	grid.	Each	of	the	states
where	we	currently	serve	customers	has	adopted	a	net	metering	policy	except	for	Texas,	where	certain	individual	utilities	have	adopted	net	metering	or	a
policy	similar	to	net	metering.	In	certain	jurisdictions,	regulators	or	utilities	have	reduced	or	eliminated	the	benefit	available	under	net	metering,	or	have
proposed	to	do	so.
	
12	
Regulation	–	Mandated	Renewable	Capacity
Many	states	also	have	adopted	procurement	requirements	for	renewable	energy	production,	such	as	an	enforceable	renewable	portfolio	standard,
or	RPS,	or	other	policies	that	require	covered	entities	to	procure	a	specified	percentage	of	total	electricity	delivered	to	customers	in	the	state	from
eligible	renewable	energy	sources,	such	as	solar	energy	systems.	In	solar	renewable	energy	certificate,	or	SREC,	state	markets,	the	RPS	requires
electricity	suppliers	to	secure	a	portion	of	their	electricity	from	solar	generators.	The	SREC	program	provides	a	means	for	SRECs	to	be	created.	A	SREC
represents	the	renewable	energy	associated	with	1,000	kWhs	of	electricity	produced	from	a	solar	energy	system.	When	a	solar	energy	system	generates
1,000	kWhs	of	electricity,	one	SREC	is	issued	by	a	government	agency,	which	can	then	be	sold	separately	from	the	energy	produced	to	covered	entities
who	surrender	the	SRECs	to	the	state	to	prove	compliance	with	the	state’s	renewable	energy	mandate.
Competition
Vehicles
The	worldwide	automotive	market,	particularly	for	alternative	fuel	vehicles,	is	highly	competitive	and	we	expect	it	will	become	even	more	so	in
the	future	as	we	introduce	additional	vehicles,	including	Model	3	which	will	compete	with	lower-priced	vehicles.
We	believe	that	our	vehicles	compete	in	the	market	both	based	on	their	traditional	segment	classification	as	well	as	based	on	their	propulsion
technology.	For	example,	Model	S	and	Model	X	compete	primarily	in	the	extremely	competitive	premium	sedan	and	premium	SUV	markets	with	internal
combustion	vehicles	from	more	established	automobile	manufacturers,	and	Model	3	competes	with	small	to	medium-sized	sedans.	Our	vehicles	also
compete	with	vehicles	propelled	by	alternative	fuels,	principally	electricity.
Many	established	and	new	automobile	manufacturers	have	entered	or	have	announced	plans	to	enter	the	alternative	fuel	vehicle	market.	Overall,
we	believe	these	announcements	and	vehicle	introductions	promote	the	development	of	the	alternative	fuel	vehicle	market	by	highlighting	the
attractiveness	of	alternative	fuel	vehicles,	particularly	those	fueled	by	electricity,	relative	to	the	internal	combustion	vehicle.	Many	major	automobile
manufacturers	have	electric	vehicles	available	today,	and	other	current	and	prospective	automobile	manufacturers	are	also	developing	electric	vehicles.
Electric	vehicles	have	also	already	been	brought	to	market	in	China	and	other	foreign	countries	and	we	expect	a	number	of	those	manufacturers	to	enter
the	U.S.	market	as	well.	In	addition,	several	manufacturers,	sell	hybrid	vehicles,	including	plug-in	versions	of	their	hybrid	vehicles.	
Energy	Storage
The	market	for	energy	storage	products	is	also	highly	competitive.	Established	companies,	such	as	AES	Energy	Storage,	Siemens,	LG	Chem	and
Samsung,	as	well	as	various	emerging	companies,	have	introduced	products	that	are	similar	to	our	product	portfolio.	There	are	several	companies
providing	individual	components	of	energy	storage	systems	(such	as	cells,	battery	modules,	and	power	electronics)	as	well	as	others	providing	integrated
systems.	We	compete	with	these	companies	on	price,	energy	density	and	efficiency.	We	believe	that	the	specifications	of	our	products,	our	strong	brand,
and	the	modular,	scalable	nature	of	our	Powerpack	2	product	give	us	a	competitive	advantage	when	marketing	our	products.
Solar	Energy	Systems
The	primary	competitors	to	our	solar	energy	business	are	the	traditional	local	utility	companies	that	supply	energy	to	our	potential	customers.	We
compete	with	these	traditional	utility	companies	primarily	based	on	price,	predictability	of	price	and	the	ease	by	which	customers	can	switch	to	electricity
generated	by	our	solar	energy	systems.	We	also	compete	with	solar	energy	companies	that	provide	products	and	services	similar	to	ours.	Many	solar
energy	companies	only	install	solar	energy	systems,	while	others	only	provide	financing	for	these	installations.	In	the	residential	solar	energy	system
installation	market,	our	primary	competitors	include	Vivint	Solar	Inc.,	Sunrun	Inc.,	Trinity	Solar,	SunPower	Corporation,	and	many	smaller	local	solar
companies.
Intellectual	Property
As	part	of	our	business,	we	seek	to	protect	our	intellectual	property	rights	such	as	with	respect	to	patents,	trademarks,	copyrights,	trade	secrets,
including	through	employee	and	third	party	nondisclosure	agreements,	and
	
13	
other	contractual	arrangements.	Additionally,	we	previously	announced	a	patent	policy	in	which	we	irrevocably	pledged	that	we	will	not	initiate	a	lawsuit
against	any	party	for	infringing	our	patents	through	activity	relating	to	electric	vehicles	or	related	equipment	for	so	long	as	such	party	is	acting	in	good
faith.	We	made	this	pledge	in	order	to	encourage	the	advancement	of	a	common,	rapidly-evolving	platform	for	electric	vehicles,	thereby	benefiting
ourselves,	other	companies	making	electric	vehicles,	and	the	world.
Segment	Information
We	operate	as	two	reportable	segments:	automotive	and	energy	generation	and	storage.
The	automotive	segment	includes	the	design,	development,	manufacturing,	and	sales	of	electric	vehicles.	The	energy	generation	and	storage
segment	includes	the	design,	manufacture,	installation,	and	sale	or	lease	of	stationary	energy	storage	products	and	solar	energy	systems,	and	sale	of
electricity	generated	by	our	solar	energy	systems	to	customers.
Employees
As	of	December	31,	2017,	Tesla,	Inc.	had	37,543	full-time	employees.	To	date,	we	have	not	experienced	any	work	stoppages,	and	we	consider	our
relationship	with	our	employees	to	be	good.
Available	Information
We	file	or	furnish	periodic	reports	and	amendments	thereto,	including	our	Annual	Reports	on	Form	10-K,	our	Quarterly	Reports	on	Form	10-Q
and	Current	Reports	on	Form	8-K,	proxy	statements	and	other	information	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission	(“SEC”).	Such	reports,
amendments,	proxy	statements	and	other	information	may	be	obtained	by	visiting	the	Public	Reference	Room	of	the	SEC	at	100	F	Street,	NE,
Washington,	D.C.	20549.	Information	on	the	operation	of	the	Public	Reference	Room	can	be	obtained	by	calling	the	SEC	at	1-800-SEC-0330.	In	addition,
the	SEC	maintains	a	website	(
www.sec.gov
)	that	contains	reports,	proxy	and	information	statements,	and	other	information	regarding	issuers	that	file
electronically.	Our	reports,	amendments	thereto,	proxy	statements	and	other	information	are	also	made	available,	free	of	charge,	on	our	investor
relations	website	at	
ir.tesla.com
	as	soon	as	reasonably	practicable	after	we	electronically	file	or	furnish	such	information	with	the	SEC.	The	information
posted	on	our	website	is	not	incorporated	by	reference	into	this	Annual	Report	on	Form	10-K.
	
	
14	
I
TEM	1A.
RISK	FACTORS
You	should	carefully	consider	the	risks	described	below	together	with	the	other	information	set	forth	in	this	report,	which	could	materially	affect
our	business,	financial	condition	and	future	results.	The	risks	described	below	are	not	the	only	risks	facing	our	company.	Risks	and	uncertainties	not
currently	known	to	us	or	that	we	currently	deem	to	be	immaterial	also	may	materially	adversely	affect	our	business,	financial	condition	and	operating
results.
Risks	Related	to	Our	Business	and	Industry
We	have	experienced	in	the	past,	and	may	experience	in	the	future,	delays	or	other	complications	in	the	design,	manufacture,
launch	and	production	ramp	of	new	vehicles	and	other	products	such	as	Model	3,	our	energy	storage	products	and	the	Solar	Roof,
which	could	harm	our	brand,	business,	prospects,	financial	condition	and	operating	results.
We	have	previously	experienced	launch,	manufacturing	and	production	ramp	delays	or	other	complications	in	connection	with	new	vehicle	models
such	as	Model	S,	Model	X	and	Model	3,	and	new	vehicle	features	such	as	the	all-wheel	drive	dual	motor	drivetrain	on	Model	S	and	the	second	version	of
autopilot	hardware.	For	example,	we	encountered	unanticipated	challenges,	such	as	certain	supply	chain	constraints,	that	led	to	initial	delays	in
producing	Model	X.	Similarly,	we	have	experienced	certain	bottlenecks	in	the	production	of	Model	3	in	places	like	the	battery	module	assembly	line	at
Gigafactory	1,	leading	to	delays	in	its	ramp.	If	such	issues	continue	longer	than	expected,	or	new	issues	arise	or	recur	with	respect	to	Model	3	or	any	of
our	other	production	vehicles,	we	could	experience	further	delays.	In	addition,	because	our	vehicle	models	share	certain	production	facilities	with	other
models,	the	volume	or	efficiency	of	production	with	respect	to	one	model	may	impact	the	production	of	other	models.
We	may	also	experience	similar	future	delays	or	other	complications	in	bringing	to	market	and	ramping	production	of	new	vehicles,	such	as	our
Tesla	Semi	truck,	our	planned	Model	Y	and	new	Tesla	Roadster,	our	energy	storage	products	and	the	Solar	Roof.	Any	significant	additional	delay	or	other
complication	in	the	production	of	our	current	products	or	the	development,	manufacture,	launch	and	production	ramp	of	our	future	products,	including
complications	associated	with	expanding	our	production	capacity	and	supply	chain	or	obtaining	or	maintaining	regulatory	approvals,	could	materially
damage	our	brand,	business,	prospects,	financial	condition	and	operating	results.
We	may	experience	delays
	in	
realizing	
our	
projected	timelines
	and
	
cost
	and
	
volume	targets	for	
the	production
	and	ramp
	of	
our
Model	3
	vehicle,
	which	could	harm	our	business
,
	prospects
,	financial	condition	and	operating	results.
Our
	future	business	depends	in	large	part	on	our
	ability	to	
execute	on	our	plans	to	manufacture,	market	and	sell	the	Model	3	vehicle,	which	we
are	offering	at	a	lower	price	point	and	which	we	intend	to	produce	at	significantly	higher	volumes	than	our	present	production	capabilities	for	the	Model
S	or	Model	X	vehicles.	We	commenced	production	and	initial	customer	deliveries	of	Model	3	in	July	2017	and	are	targeting	a	forecasted	production	rate
of	5,000	Model	3	vehicles	per	week	by	the	end	of	the	second	quarter	of	2018.
We	have	no	experience	to	date	in	manufacturing	vehicles	at	the	high	volumes	that	we	anticipate	for	Model	3,	and	to	be	successful,	we	will	need	to
complete	the	implementation	and	ramp	of	efficient	and	cost-effective	manufacturing	capabilities,	processes	and	supply	chains	necessary	to	support	such
volumes.
	We	are	employing	a	higher	degree	of	automation	in	our	materials	conveyance,	battery	module	production	and	other	manufacturing	processes
for	Model	3	than	we	have	previously	employed,	and	in	some	cases	we	have	implemented	interim	processes	such	as	semi-automated	manufacturing	lines,
for	which	we	are	likely	to	incur	additional	labor	costs	until	we	bring	online	our	fully	automated	processes.	Moreover,	our	Model	3	production	plan	has
generally	required	and	will	require	significant	investments	of	cash	and	management	resources.
Our	production	plan	for	Model	3	is	based	on	many	key	assumptions,	including:
	
•
that	we	will	be	able	to	complete	ramping	high	volume	production	of	Model	3	at	the	Tesla	Factory	without	exceeding	our	projected	costs
and	on	our	projected	timeline;
	
•
that	we	will	be	able	to	continue	to	expand	Gigafactory	1	in	a	timely	manner	to	produce	high	volumes	of	quality	lithium-ion	cells	to	be
integrated	into	battery	modules	and	finished	battery	packs	and	drive	unit	components	for	Model	3,	all	at	costs	that	allow	us	to	sell	Model
3	at	our	target	gross	margins;
	
15	
	
•
that	the	equipment	and	processes	which	we	have	selected	for	Model	3	production	will	be	able	to	accurately	manufacture	high	volumes	of
Model	3	vehicles	within	specified	design	tolerances	and	with	high	quality;
	
•
that	we	will	be	able	to	maintain	suppliers	for	the	necessary	components	on	terms	and	conditions	that	are	acceptable	to	us	and	that	we
will	be	able	to	obtain	components	on	a	timely	basis	and	in	the	necessary	quantities	to	support	high	volume	production;	and
	
•
that	we	will	be	able	to	attract,	recruit,	hire,	train	and	retain	skilled	employees,	including	employees	on	the	production	line,	to	operate	our
planned	high	volume	production	facilities	to	support	Model	3,	including	at	the	Tesla	Factory	and	Gigafactory	1.
If	one	or	more	of	the	foregoing	assumptions	turns	out	to	be	incorrect,	our	ability	to	meet	our	Model	3	projections	on	time	and	at	volumes	and
prices	that	are	profitable,	the	number	of	current	and	future	Model	3	reservations,	as	well	as	our	business,	prospects,	operating	results	and	financial
condition,	may	be	materially	and	adversely	impacted.
We	may	be	unable	to	meet	our	growing	vehicle	production	and	delivery	plans,	both	of	which	could	harm	our	business	and	prospects.
Our	plans	call	for	significant	increases	in	vehicle	production	and	deliveries	to	high	volumes	in	a	short	amount	of	time.	Our	ability	to	achieve	these
plans	will	depend	upon	a	number	of	factors,	including	our	ability	to	utilize	installed	manufacturing	capacity,	achieve	the	planned	production	yield	and
further	increase	capacity	as	planned	while	maintaining	our	desired	quality	levels	and	optimize	design	and	production	changes,	and	our	suppliers’	ability
to	support	our	needs.	In	addition,	we	have	used	and	may	use	in	the	future	a	number	of	new	manufacturing	technologies,	techniques	and	processes	for	our
vehicles,	which	we	must	successfully	introduce	and	scale	for	high	volume	production.	For	example,	we	have	introduced	highly	automated	production
lines,	aluminum	spot	welding	systems	and	high-speed	blow	forming	of	certain	difficult	to	stamp	vehicle	parts.	We	have	also	introduced	unique	design
features	in	our	vehicles	with	different	manufacturing	challenges,	such	as	large	display	screens,	dual	motor	drivetrain,	autopilot	hardware	and	falcon-wing
doors.	We	have	limited	experience	developing,	manufacturing,	selling	and	servicing,	and	allocating	our	available	resources	among,	multiple	products
simultaneously.	If	we	are	unable	to	realize	our	plans,	our	brand,	business,	prospects,	financial	condition	and	operating	results	could	be	materially
damaged.
Concurrent	with	the	significant	planned	increase	in	our	vehicle	production	levels,	we	will	also	need	to	continue	to	significantly	increase	deliveries
of,	and	servicing	capacity	for,	our	vehicles.	Although	we	have	a	plan	for	delivering	and	servicing	significantly	increased	volumes	of	vehicles,	we	have
limited	experience	in	delivering	a	high	volume	of	vehicles,	and	no	experience	in	delivering	and	servicing	vehicles	at	the	significantly	higher	volumes	we
anticipate	for	Model	3,	and	we	may	face	difficulties	meeting	our	delivery	and	growth	plans	into	both	existing	markets	as	well	as	new	markets	into	which
we	expand.	If	we	are	unable	to	ramp	up	to	meet	our	delivery	and	servicing	needs	globally,	this	could	have	a	material	adverse	effect	on	our	business,
prospects,	financial	condition	and	operating	results.
We	are	dependent	on	our	suppliers,	the	majority	of	which	are	single	source	suppliers,	and	the	inability	of	these	suppliers	to	deliver
necessary	components	of	our	products	according	to	our	schedule	and	at	prices,	quality	levels,	and	volumes	acceptable	to	us,	or	our
inability	to	efficiently	manage	these	components,	could	have	a	material	adverse	effect	on	our	financial	condition	and	operating
results.
Our	products	contain	numerous	purchased	parts	which	we	source	globally	from	hundreds	of	direct	suppliers,	the	majority	of	whom	are	currently
single	source	suppliers,	although	we	attempt	to	qualify	and	obtain	components	from	multiple	sources	whenever	feasible.	Any	significant	unanticipated
demand	would	require	us	to	procure	additional	components	in	a	short	amount	of	time,	and	in	the	past
	we	have	also	replaced
	certain	suppliers
	because	of
their	failure	to	provide	components	that	met	our	quality	control	standards.
	While	we	believe	that	we	will	be	able	to	secure	additional	or	alternate	sources
of	supply	for	most	of	our	components	in	a	relatively	short	time	frame,	there	is	no	assurance	that	we	will	be	able	to	do	so	or	develop	our	own	replacements
for	certain	highly	customized	components	of	our	products.	Moreover,	we	have	signed	long-term	agreements	with	Panasonic	to	be	our	manufacturing
partner	and	supplier	for	lithium-ion	cells	at	Gigafactory	1	in	Nevada	and	PV	cells	and	panels	at	Gigafactory	2	in	Buffalo,	New	York.	If	we	encounter
unexpected	difficulties	with	key	suppliers	such	as	Panasonic,
	
16	
and	if	we	are	unable	to	fill	these	needs	from	other	suppliers,	we	could	experience	production	delays	and	potential	loss	of	access	to	important	technology
and	parts	for	producing,	servicing	and	supporting	our	products.
This	limited,	and	in	many	cases	single	source,	supply	chain	exposes	us	to	multiple	potential	sources	of	delivery	failure	or	component	shortages	for
the	production	of	our	products,	such	as	those	which	we	experienced	in	2012	and	2016	in	connection	with	our	slower-than-planned	Model	S	and	Model	X
ramps.	Furthermore,	unexpected	changes	in	business	conditions,	materials	pricing,	labor	issues,	wars,	governmental	changes,	natural	disasters	such	as
the	March	2011	earthquakes	in	Japan	and	other	factors	beyond	our	and	our	suppliers’	control,	could	also	affect	our	suppliers’	ability	to	deliver
components	to	us	on	a	timely	basis.	
The	loss	of	any	single	or	limited	source	supplier	or	the	disruption	in	the	supply	of	components	from	these	suppliers
could	lead	to	product	design	changes	and	delays	in	product	deliveries	to	our	customers,	which	could	hurt	our	relationships	with	our	customers	and	result
in	negative	publicity,	damage	to	our	brand	and	a	material	and	adverse	effect
	on	
our	business,	prospects,	financial	condition	and	operating	results.
Changes	in	our	supply	chain	have	also	resulted	in	the	past,	and	may	result	in	the	future,	in	increased	cost.	We	have	also	experienced	cost
increases	from	certain	of	our	suppliers	in	order	to	meet	our	quality	targets	and	development	timelines	as	well	as	due	to	design	changes	that	we	made,
and	we	may	experience	similar	cost	increases	in	the	future.	Certain	suppliers	have	sought	to	renegotiate	the	terms	of	the	supply	arrangements.
Additionally,	we	are	negotiating	with	existing	suppliers	for	cost	reductions,	seeking	new	and	less	expensive	suppliers	for	certain	parts,	and	attempting	to
redesign	certain	parts	to	make	them	less	expensive	to	produce.	If	we	are	unsuccessful	in	our	efforts	to	control	and	reduce	supplier	costs,	our	operating
results	will	suffer.	
The	foregoing	discussion	applies	to	Model	3	and	our	energy	storage	products	as	well.	However,	because	we	plan	to	produce	Model	3	at
significantly	higher	volumes	than	Model	S	or	Model	X,	the	negative	impact	of	any	delays	or	other	constraints	with	respect	to	our	suppliers	for	Model	3
could	be	substantially	greater	than	any	such	issues	experienced	with	respect	to	our	other	products.	As	some	of	our	suppliers	for	Model	S	and	Model	X	do
not	have	the	resources,	equipment	or	capability	to	provide	components	for	the	Model	3	in	line	with	our	requirements,	we	have	engaged	a	significant
number	of	new	suppliers,	and	we	need	such	suppliers	to	ramp	and	deliver	according	to	our	schedule.	There	is	no	assurance	that	these	suppliers	will
ultimately	be	able	to	meet	our	cost,	quality	and	volume	needs,	or	do	so	at	the	times	needed.	
Furthermore,	as	the	scale	of	our	vehicle	production
increases,	we	will	need	to	accurately	forecast,	purchase,	warehouse	and	transport	to	our	manufacturing	facilities	components	at	much	higher	volumes
than	we	have	experience	with.	If	we	are	unable	to	accurately	match	the	timing	and	quantities	of	component	purchases	to	our	actual	needs,	or	successfully
implement	automation,	inventory	management	and	other	systems	to	accommodate	the	increased	complexity	in	our	supply	chain,	we	may	incur
unexpected	production	disruption,	storage,	transportation	and	write-off	costs,	which	could	have	a	material	adverse	effect	on	our	financial	condition	and
operating	results.
Our	future	growth	and	success	is	dependent	upon	consumers’	willingness	to	adopt	electric	vehicles	and	specifically	our	vehicles,
especially	in	the	mass	market	demographic	which	we	are	targeting	with	Model	3.
Our	growth	is	highly	dependent	upon	the	adoption	by	consumers	of	alternative	fuel	vehicles	in	general	and	electric	vehicles	in	particular.
Although	we	have	successfully	grown	demand	for	Model	S	and	Model	X,	have	seen	very	strong	initial	demand	for	Model	3,	and	believe	that	we	will	be
able	to	continue	to	grow	demand	separately	for	each	of	these	and	future	vehicles,	there	is	no	guarantee	of	such	future	demand	or	that	our	vehicles	will
not	compete	with	one	another	in	the	market.	Moreover,	the	mass	market	demographic	which	we	are	targeting	with	Model	3	is	larger,	but	more
competitive,	than	the	demographic	for	Model	S	and	Model	X,	and	additional	electric	vehicles	are	entering	the	market.
If	the	market	for	electric	vehicles	in	general	and	Tesla	vehicles	in	particular	does	not	develop	as	we	expect,	or	develops	more	slowly	than	we
expect,	or	if	demand	for	our	vehicles	decreases	in	key	and	other	markets,	our	business,	prospects,	financial	condition	and	operating	results	could	be
harmed.	The	market	for	alternative	fuel	vehicles	is	relatively	new,	rapidly	evolving,	and	could	be	affected	by	numerous	external	factors,	such	as:
	
•
p
erceptions	about	electric	vehicle	features,	quality,	safety,	performance	and	cost;
	
•
perceptions	about	the	limited	range	over	which	electric	vehicles	may	be	driven	on	a	single	battery	charge;
	
17	
	
•
competition,	including	from	other	types	of	alternative	fuel	vehicles,	plug-in	hybrid	electric	vehicles,	and	high	fuel-economy	internal
combustion	engine	vehicles;
	
•
volatility	in	the	cost	of	oil	and	gasoline;
	
•
government	regulations	and	economic	incentives;	and
	
•
access	to	charging	facilities.
Future	problems	or	delays	in	expanding	Gigafactory	1	or	ramping	operations	there	could	negatively	affect	the	production	and
profitability	of	our	products,	such	as	Model	3.
To	lower	the	cost	of	cell	production	and	produce	cells	in	high	volume,	we	have	vertically	integrated	the	production	of	lithium-ion	cells	and
finished	battery	packs	for	Model	3	and	energy	storage	products	at	Gigafactory	1.	While	Gigafactory	1	began	producing	lithium-ion	cells	for	energy
storage	products	in	January	2017	and	has	since	begun	producing	lithium-ion	cells	for	Model	3,	we	have	no	other	direct	experience	in	the	production	of
lithium-ion	cells.	Given	the	size	and	complexity	of	this	undertaking,	it	is	possible	that	future	events	could	result	in	the	cost	of	expanding	and	operating
Gigafactory	1	exceeding	our	current	expectations	and	Gigafactory	1	taking	longer	to	ramp	production	and	expand	than	we	currently	anticipate.	In	order
to	reach	our	planned	volume	and	gross	margin	for	Model	3,	we	must	have	significant	cell	production	from	Gigafactory	1,	which,	among	other	things,
requires	Panasonic	to	successfully	ramp	its	all-new	cell	production	lines	to	significant	volumes	over	a	short	period	of	time.	Although	Panasonic	has	a	long
track	record	of	producing	high-quality	cells	at	significant	volume	at	its	factories	in	Japan,	it	has	never	before	started	and	ramped	cell	production	at	a
factory	in	the	U.S.	like	at	Gigafactory	1.	In	addition,	we	have	started	producing	several	components	for	Model	3,	such	as	battery	modules	incorporating
the	lithium-ion	cells	produced	by	Panasonic,	at	Gigafactory	1.	Some	of	the	manufacturing	lines	for	such	components	have	taken	longer	than	anticipated	to
ramp	to	their	full	capacity.	We	expect	that	we	will	continue	to	experience	challenges	as	we	move	through	the	ramp,	and	we	will	continue	to	fine-tune	our
manufacturing	lines	to	address	them.	While	we	currently	believe	that	we	will	reach	our	production	targets,	if	we	are	unable	to	resolve	ramping	challenges
and	expand	Gigafactory	1	production	in	a	timely	manner
	
and	at	reasonable	prices,	and	if	we	or	Panasonic	are	unable	to	attract,	hire	and	retain	a
substantial	number	of	highly	skilled	personnel,	our	ability	to	supply	battery	packs	or	other	components	for	Model	3	and	our	other	products	could	be
negatively	impacted.	Any	such	problems	or	delays	with	Gigafactory	1	could	negatively	affect	our	brand	and	harm	our	business,	prospects,	financial
condition	and	operating	results.
If	our	vehicles	or	other	products	that	we	sell	or	install	fail	to	perform	as	expected,	our	ability	to	develop,	market	and	sell	our
products	and	services	could	be	harmed.
If	our	vehicles	or	our	energy	products	were	to	contain	defects	in	design	and	manufacture	that	cause	them	not	to	perform	as	expected	or	that
require	repair,	or	certain	features	of	our	vehicles,	such	as	full	self-driving,	take	longer	than	expected	to	become	enabled	or	are	legally	restricted,	our
ability	to	develop,	market	and	sell	our	products	and	services	could	be	harmed.	For	example,	the	operation	of	our	vehicles	is	highly	dependent	on
software,	which	is	inherently	complex	and	could	conceivably	contain	latent	defects	and	errors	or	be	subject	to	external	attacks.	Issues	experienced	by
customers	have	included	those	related	to	the	software	for	the	17	inch	display	screen,	the	panoramic	roof	and	the	12	volt	battery	in	the	Model	S	and	the
seats	and	doors	in	the	Model	X.	Although	we	attempt	to	remedy	any	issues	we	observe	in	our	products	as	effectively	and	rapidly	as	possible,	such	efforts
may	not	be	timely,	may	hamper	production	or	may	not	be	up	to	the	satisfaction	of	our	customers.	While	we	have	performed	extensive	internal	testing	on
the	products	we	manufacture,	we	currently	have	a	limited	frame	of	reference	by	which	to	evaluate	detailed	long-term	quality,	reliability,	durability	and
performance	characteristics	of	our	battery	packs,	powertrains,	vehicles	and	energy	storage	products.	There	can	be	no	assurance	that	we	will	be	able	to
detect	and	fix	any	defects	in	our	products	prior	to	their	sale	to	or	installation	for	consumers.
Any	product	defects,	delays	or	legal	restrictions	on	product	features,	or	other	failure	of	our	products	to	perform	as	expected	could	harm	our
reputation	and	result	in	delivery	delays,	product	recalls,	product	liability	claims,	significant	warranty	and	other	expenses,	and	could	have	a	material
adverse	impact	on	our	business,	financial	condition,	operating	results	and	prospects.	Model	3	has	not	yet	been	evaluated	by	NHTSA	for	a	star	rating
under	the	New	Car	Assessment	Program,	and	while	based	on	our	internal	evaluation	we	expect	to	obtain	comparable	ratings	to	those	achieved	by	Model
S	and	Model	X,	there	is	no	assurance	this	will	occur.
	
18	
If	we	fail	to	scale	our	business	operations	and	otherwise	manage	future	growth	and	adapt	to	new	conditions	effectively	as	we	rapidly
grow	our	company,	including	internationally,	we	may	not	be	able	to	produce,	market,	sell	and	service	our	products	successfully.
Any	failure	to	manage	our	growth	effectively	could	materially	and	adversely	affect	our	business,	prospects,	operating	results	and	financial
condition.	We	continue	to	expand	our	operations	significantly,	including	internationally,	including	by	a	transition	to	high	volume	vehicle	production	with
the	ramp	of	Model	3	and	the	worldwide	sales,	delivery	and	servicing	of	a	significantly	higher	number	of	vehicles	than	our	current	vehicle	fleet	in	the
coming	years.	Furthermore,	we	are	developing	and	growing	our	energy	storage	product	and	solar	business	worldwide,	including	in	countries	where	we
have	limited	or	no	previous	operating	experience	in	connection	with	our	vehicle	business.	Our	future	operating	results	depend	to	a	large	extent	on	our
ability	to	manage	our	expansion	and	growth	successfully.	We	may	not	be	successful	in	undertaking	this	global	expansion	if	we	are	unable	to	control
expenses
	and	avoid	cost	overruns	and	other	unexpected	operating	costs;	establish
	sufficient	
worldwide	automobile	
sales,	delivery,	service	and
Supercharger	facilities	in	a	timely	manner;	
adapt
	our	products	and	conduct	our	operations	to	meet	local	requirements;	
implement
	the	required
infrastructure,	systems	and	processes;	and
	find	and	hire	a	significant	number	of	additional	manufacturing,	engineering,	service,	electrical	installation,
construction	and	administrative	personnel.
If	we	are	unable	to	achieve	our	targeted	manufacturing	costs	for	our	vehicles,	including	Model	3,	our	financial	condition	and
operating	results	will	suffer.
While	we	have	experienced	and	expect	in	the	future	to	realize	cost	reductions	by	both	us	and	our	suppliers,	there	is	no	guarantee	we	will	be	able
to	achieve	sufficient	cost	savings	to	reach	our	gross	margin	and	profitability	goals.	We	incur	significant	costs	related	to	procuring	the	materials	required
to	manufacture	our	vehicles,	assembling	vehicles	and	compensating	our	personnel.	We	may	also	incur	substantial	costs	or	cost	overruns	in	utilizing	and
increasing	the	production	capability	of	our	vehicle	manufacturing	facilities,	such	as	for	Model	3.	Furthermore,	if	we	are	unable	to	achieve	production	cost
targets	on	our	vehicles	pursuant	to	our	plans,	we	may	not	be	able	to	meet	our	gross	margin	and	other	financial	targets.	Many	of	the	factors	that	impact
our	manufacturing	costs	are	beyond	our	control,	such	as	potential	increases	in	the	costs	of	our	materials	and	components,	such	as	lithium,	nickel,	and
other	components	of	our	battery	cells	or	aluminum	used	to	produce	body	panels.	If	we	are	unable	to	continue	to	control	and	reduce	our	manufacturing
costs,	our	operating	results,	business	and	prospects	will	be	harmed.
We	are	significantly	dependent	upon	revenue	generated	from	the	sale	of	a	limited	fleet	of	electric	vehicles,	which	currently	includes
Model	S,	Model	X	and	Model	3.
We	currently	generate	a	significant	percentage	of	our	revenues	from	the	sale	of	two	products:	Model	S	and	Model	X	vehicles.	Model	3,	for	which
we	are	planning
	
significantly	higher	volumes	than	Model	S	or	Model	X,	has	required	and	will	continue	to	require	significant	investment	in	connection
with	its	ongoing	ramp,	and	there	is	no	guarantee	that	it	will	be	commercially	successful.	Historically,	automobile	customers	have	come	to	expect	a	variety
of	vehicles	offered	in	a	manufacturer’s	fleet	and	new	and	improved	vehicle	models	to	be	introduced	frequently.	In	order	to	meet	these	expectations,	we
may	in	the	future	be	required	to	introduce	on	a	regular	basis	new	vehicle	models	as	well	as	enhanced	versions	of	existing	vehicle	models.	To	the	extent
our	product	variety	and	cycles	do	not	meet	consumer	expectations,	or	cannot	be	produced	on	our	projected	timelines	and	cost	and	volume	targets,	our
future	sales	may	be	adversely	affected.	This	could	have	a	material	adverse	effect	on	our	business,	prospects,	financial	condition	and	operating	results.
Our	vehicles	and	energy	storage	products	make	use	of	lithium-ion	battery	cells,	which	have	been	observed	to	catch	fire	or	vent
smoke	and	flame,	and	such	events	have	raised	concerns,	and	future	events	may	lead	to	additional	concerns,	about	the	batteries
used	in	automotive	applications.
The	battery	packs	that	we	produce	make	use	of	lithium-ion	cells.	On	rare	occasions,	lithium-ion	cells	can	rapidly	release	the	energy	they	contain
by	venting	smoke	and	flames	in	a	manner	that	can	ignite	nearby	materials	as	well	as	other	lithium-ion	cells.	While	we	have	designed	the	battery	pack	to
passively	contain	any	single	cell’s	release	of	energy	without	spreading	to	neighboring	cells,	there	can	be	no	assurance	that	a	field	or	testing	failure	of	our
vehicles	or	other	battery	packs	that	we	produce	will	not	occur,	which	could	subject	us	to	lawsuits,	product	recalls,	or	redesign	efforts,	all	of	which	would
be	time	consuming	and	expensive.	Also,	negative	public	perceptions	regarding	the	suitability	of	lithium-ion	cells	for	automotive	applications	or	any	future
incident	involving	lithium-ion
	
19	
cells	such	as	a	vehicle	or	other	fire,	even	if	such	incident	does	not	involve	our	vehicles	or	energy	storage	products,	could	seriously	harm	our	business.
In	addition,	we	store	a	significant	number	of	lithium-ion	cells	at	our	facilities	and	plan	to	produce	high	volumes	of	cells	and	battery	modules	and
packs	at	Gigafactory	1.	Any	mishandling	of	battery	cells	may	cause	disruption	to	the	operation	of	our	facilities.	While	we	have	implemented	safety
procedures	related	to	the	handling	of	the	cells,	there	can	be	no	assurance	that	a	safety	issue	or	fire	related	to	the	cells	would	not	disrupt	our	operations.
Such	damage	or	injury	could	lead	to	adverse	publicity	and	potentially	a	safety	recall.	Moreover,	any	failure	of	a	competitor’s	electric	vehicle	or	energy
storage	product	may	cause	indirect	adverse	publicity	for	us	and	our	products.	Such	adverse	publicity	could	negatively	affect	our	brand	and	harm	our
business,	prospects,	financial	condition	and	operating	results.
Increases	in	costs,	disruption	of	supply	or	shortage	of	materials,	in	particular	for	lithium-ion	cells,	could	harm	our	business.
We	may	experience	increases	in	the	cost	or	a	sustained	interruption	in	the	supply	or	shortage	of	materials.	Any	such	increase,	supply	interruption
or	shortage	could	materially	and	negatively	impact	our	business,	prospects,	financial	condition	and	operating	results.	We	use	various	materials	in	our
business	including	aluminum,	steel,	lithium,	nickel,	copper	and	cobalt,	as	well	as	lithium-ion	cells	from	suppliers.	The	prices	for	these	materials	fluctuate,
and	their	available	supply	may	be	unstable,	depending	on	market	conditions	and	global	demand	for	these	materials,	including	as	a	result	of	increased
production	of	electric	vehicles	and	energy	storage	products	by	our	competitors,	and	could	adversely	affect	our	business	and	operating	results.	For
instance,	we	are	exposed	to	multiple	risks	relating	to	lithium-ion	cells.	These	risks	include:
	
•
an	increase	in	the	cost,	or	decrease	in	the	available	supply,	of	materials	used	in	the	cells;
	
•
disruption	in	the	supply	of	cells	due	to	quality	issues	or	recalls	by	battery	cell	manufacturers	or	any	issues	that	may	arise	with	respect	to
cells	manufactured	at	our	own	facilities;	and
	
•
fluctuations	in	the	value	of	the	Japanese	yen	against	the	U.S.	dollar	as	our	battery	cell	purchases	for	Model	S	and	Model	X	and	some	raw
materials	for	cells	used	in	Model	3	and	energy	storage	products	are	currently	denominated	in	Japanese	yen.	
Our	business	is	dependent	on	the	continued	supply	of	battery	cells	for	the	battery	packs	used	in	our	vehicles	and	energy	storage	products.	While
we	believe	several	sources	of	the	battery	cells	are	available	for	such	battery	packs,	and	expect	to	eventually	rely	substantially	on	battery	cells
manufactured	at	our	own	facilities,	we	have	to	date	fully	qualified	only	a	very	limited	number	of	suppliers	for	the	cells	used	in	such	battery	packs	and
have	very	limited	flexibility	in	changing	cell	suppliers.	In	particular,	we	have	fully	qualified	only	one	supplier	for	the	cells	used	in	battery	packs	for	our
current	production	vehicles.	Any	disruption	in	the	supply	of	battery	cells	from	such	suppliers	could	disrupt	production	of	our	vehicles	and	of	the	battery
packs	we	produce	for	energy	products	until	such	time	as	a	different	supplier	is	fully	qualified.	Furthermore,	fluctuations	or	shortages	in	petroleum	and
other	economic	conditions	may	cause	us	to	experience	significant	increases	in	freight	charges	and	material	costs.	Substantial	increases	in	the	prices	for
our	materials	or	prices	charged	to	us,	such	as	those	charged	by	battery	cell	suppliers,	would	increase	our	operating	costs,	and	could	reduce	our	margins
if	we	cannot	recoup	the	increased	costs	through	increased	vehicle	prices.	Any	attempts	to	increase	vehicle	prices	in	response	to	increased	material	costs
could	result	in	cancellations	of	vehicle	orders	and	reservations	and	therefore	materially	and	adversely	affect	our	brand,	image,	business,	prospects	and
operating	results.
We	may	become	subject	to	product	liability	claims,	which	could	harm	our	financial	condition	and	liquidity	if	we	are	not	able	to
successfully	defend	or	insure	against	such	claims.
Although	we	design	our	vehicles	to	be	the	safest	vehicles	on	the	road,	product	liability	claims	could	harm	our	business,	prospects,	operating
results	and	financial	condition.	The	automobile	industry	in	particular	experiences	significant	product	liability	claims	and	we	face	inherent	risk	of	exposure
to	claims	in	the	event	our	vehicles	do	not	perform	as	expected.	As	is	true	for	other	automakers,	our	cars	have	been	involved	and	we	expect	in	the	future
will	be	involved	in	crashes	resulting	in	death	or	personal	injury,	and	such	crashes	where	autopilot	is	engaged	are	the	subject	of	significant	public
attention.	We	have	experienced	and	we	expect	to	continue	to	face	claims	related	to	misuse	or	failures	of	new	technologies	that	we	are	pioneering,
including	autopilot	in	our	vehicles.	Moreover,	as	our	solar	energy	systems	and	energy	storage	products	generate	and	store	electricity,	they	have	the
potential	to	cause
	
20	
injury	to	people	or	property.	A	successful	product	liability	claim	against	us	could	require	us	to	pay	a	substantial	monetary	award.	Our	risks	in	this	area
are	particularly	pronounced	given	the	relatively	limited	number	of	vehicles	and	energy	storage	products	delivered	to	date	and	limited	field	experience	of
our	products.	Moreover,	a	product	liability	claim	could	generate	substantial	negative	publicity	about	our	products	and	business	and	could	have	material
adverse	effect	on	our	brand,	business,	prospects	and	operating	results.	In	most	jurisdictions,	we	generally	self-insure	against	the	risk	of	product	liability
claims	for	vehicle	exposure,	meaning	that	any	product	liability	claims	will	likely	have	to	be	paid	from	company	funds,	not	by	insurance.
The	markets	in	which	we	operate	are	highly	competitive,	and	we	may	not	be	successful	in	competing	in	these	industries.	We
currently	face	competition	from	new	and	established	domestic	and	international	competitors	and	expect	to	face	competition	from
others	in	the	future,	including	competition	from	companies	with	new	technology.
The	worldwide	automotive	market,	particularly	for	alternative	fuel	vehicles,	is	highly	competitive	today	and	we	expect	it	will	become	even	more
so	in	the	future.	There	is	no	assurance	that	our	vehicles	will	be	successful	in	the	respective	markets	in	which	they	compete.	Many	established	and	new
automobile	manufacturers	such	as	Audi,	BMW,	Daimler,	General	Motors,	Toyota	and	Volvo,	as	well	as	other	companies,	have	entered	or	are	reported	to
have	plans	to	enter	the	alternative	fuel	vehicle	market,	including	hybrid,	plug-in	hybrid	and	fully	electric	vehicles,	as	well	as	the	market	for	self-driving
technology	and	applications.	In	some	cases,	such	competitors	have	announced	an	intention	to	produce	electric	vehicles	exclusively	at	some	point	in	the
future.	Most	of	our	current	and	potential	competitors	have	significantly	greater	financial,	technical,	manufacturing,	marketing,	vehicle	sales	networks
and	other	resources	than	we	do	and	may	be	able	to	devote	greater	resources	to	the	design,	development,	manufacturing,	distribution,	promotion,	sale
and	support	of	their	products.	Increased	competition	could	result	in	lower	vehicle	unit	sales,	price	reductions,	revenue	shortfalls,	loss	of	customers	and
loss	of	market	share,	which	could	harm	our	business,	prospects,	financial	condition	and	operating	results.	In	addition,	our	Model	3	vehicle	faces
competition	from	existing	and	future	automobile	manufacturers	in	the	extremely	competitive	entry-level	premium	sedan	market,	including	Audi,	BMW,
Lexus	and	Mercedes.
The	solar	and	energy	storage	industries	are	highly	competitive.	We	face	competition	from	other	manufacturers,	developers	and	installers	of	solar
and	energy	storage	systems,	as	well	as	from	large	utilities.	Decreases	in	the	retail	prices	of	electricity	from	utilities	or	other	renewable	energy	sources
could	make	our	products	less	attractive	to	customers	and	lead	to	an	increased	rate	of	customer	defaults	under	our	existing	long-term	leases	and	PPAs.
Moreover,	solar	panel	and	lithium-ion	battery	prices	have	declined	and	are	continuing	to	decline.	As	we	increase	our	battery	and	solar	manufacturing
capabilities,	including	at	Gigafactory	1	and	Gigafactory	2,	future	price	declines	may	harm	our	ability	to	produce	energy	storage	systems	and	solar
systems	at	competitive	prices.
If	we	are	unable	to	establish	and	maintain	confidence	in	our	long-term	business	prospects	among	consumers,	analysts	and	within
our	industries,	then	our	financial	condition,	operating	results,	business	prospects	and	stock	price	may	suffer	materially.
Consumers	may	be	less	likely	to	purchase	our	products	now	if	they	are	not	convinced	that	our	business	will	succeed	or	that	our	service	and
support	and	other	operations	will	continue	in	the	long	term.	Similarly,	suppliers	and	other	third	parties	will	be	less	likely	to	invest	time	and	resources	in
developing	business	relationships	with	us	if	they	are	not	convinced	that	our	business	will	succeed.	Accordingly,	in	order	to	build	and	maintain	our
business,	we	must	maintain	confidence	among	customers,	suppliers,	analysts	and	other	parties	in	our	long-term	financial	viability	and	business	prospects.
Maintaining	such	confidence	may	be	particularly	complicated	by	certain	factors,	such	as	our	limited	operating	history,	unfamiliarity	with	our	products,
competition	and	uncertainty	regarding	the	future	of	electric	vehicles	or	our	other	products	and	services	and	our	quarterly	production	and	sales
performance	compared	with	market	expectations.	Many	of	these	factors	are	largely	outside	our	control,	and	any	negative	perceptions	about	our	long-term
business	prospects,	even	if	exaggerated	or	unfounded,	would	likely	harm	our	business	and	make	it	more	difficult	to	raise	additional	funds	if	needed.
	
21	
Our	plan	to	generate	ongoing	growth	and	demand,	including	by	expand
ing
	our	network	of	Tesla	stores,	galleries,	delivery	centers,
service	centers	and	Superchargers,	will	require	significant	cash	investments	and	management	resources	and	may	not	meet
expectations	with	respect	to	additional	sales	or	installations	of	our	products	or	availability	of	Superchargers.
We	plan	to	generate	ongoing	growth	and	demand,	including	by	globally	expanding	our	network	of	Tesla	stores,	galleries,	delivery	centers,	service
centers,	mobile	service	offerings	and	Superchargers.	These	plans	will	require	significant	cash	investments	and	management	resources	and	may	not	meet	our
expectations	with	respect	to	additional	sales	or	installations	of	our	products.	This	ongoing	global	expansion,	which	includes	planned	entry	into	markets	in
which	we	have	limited	or	no	experience	selling,	delivering,	installing	and/or	servicing	our	products,	and	which	may	pose	legal,	regulatory,	labor,	cultural	and
political	challenges	that	we	have	not	previously	encountered,	may	not	have	the	desired	effect	of	increasing	sales	and	installations	and	expanding	our	brand
presence	to	the	degree	we	are	anticipating.	
Furthermore,	the	increasing	number	of	Model	S	and	Model	X	vehicles,	as	well	as	the	significant	increase	in	our
vehicle	fleet	size	that	we	expect	from	Model	3,	will	require	us	to	continue	to	increase	the	number	of	our	Supercharger	stations	and	connectors	significantly.
If	we	fail	to	do	so,	our	customers	could	become	dissatisfied,	which	could	adversely	affect	sales	of	our	vehicles.	
We	will	also	need	to	ensure	we	are	in
compliance	with	any	regulatory	requirements	applicable	to	the	sale,	installation	and	service	of	our	products,	the	sale	of	electricity	generated	through	our
solar	energy	systems,	and	operation	of	Superchargers	in	those	jurisdictions,	which	could	take	considerable	time	and	expense.	If	we	experience	any	delays	or
cannot	meet	customer	expectations	in	expanding	our	customer	infrastructure	network,	or	our	expansion	plans	are	not	successful	in	continuing	to	grow
demand,	this	could	lead	to	a	decrease	or	stagnation	in	sales	or	installations	of	our	products	and	could	negatively	impact	our	business,	prospects,	financial
condition	and	operating	results.
We	face	risks	associated	with	our	international	operations	and	expansion,	including	unfavorable	regulatory,	political,	tax	and	labor
conditions,	and	with	establishing	ourselves	in	new	markets,	all	of	which	could	harm	our	business.
We	currently	have	international	operations	and	subsidiaries	in	various	countries	and	jurisdictions	that	are	subject	to	legal,	political,	and
regulatory	requirements	and	social	and	economic	conditions	that	may	be	very	different	from	those	affecting	us	domestically.	Additionally,	as	part	of	our
growth	strategy,	we	will	continue	to	expand	our	sales,	delivery,	service	and	Supercharger	locations	internationally.	International	expansion	requires	us	to
make	significant	expenditures,	including	the	establishment	of	local	operating	entities,	hiring	of	local	employees	and	establishing	facilities	in	advance	of
generating	any	revenue.
We	are	subject	to	a	number	of	risks	associated	with	international	business	activities	that	may	increase	our	costs,	impact	our	ability	to	sell	our
products	and	require	significant	management	attention.	These	risks	include	
conforming	our	products	to	various	international	regulatory	and	safety
requirements	as	well	as	charging	and	other	electric	infrastructures,	difficulty	in	establishing,	staffing	and	managing	foreign	operations,	challenges	in
attracting	customers,	foreign	government	taxes,	regulations	and	permit	requirements,	our	ability	to	enforce	our	contractual	rights;	trade	restrictions,
customs	regulations,	tariffs	and	price	or	exchange	controls,	and	preferences	of	foreign	nations	for	domestically	manufactured	products.
If	we	fail	to	effectively	grow	and	manage	the	residual,	financing	and	credit	risks	related	to	our	vehicle	financing	programs,	our
business	may	suffer.
We	offer	vehicle	financing	arrangements	for	Model	S	and	Model	X	through	our	local	subsidiaries	in	the	U.S.,	Canada,	Germany	and	the	UK,
including	leasing	directly	through	certain	of	those	subsidiaries.	The	profitability	of	the	leasing	program	depends	on	our	ability	to	accurately	project
residual	values,	secure	adequate	financing	and/or	business	partners	to	fund	and	grow	this	program,	and	screen	for	and	manage	customer	credit	risk.	We
expect	the	need	for	leasing	and	other	financing	options	will	continue	to	be	important	to	Model	S	and	Model	X	deliveries	and	for	Model	3	in	the	long	term.
If	we	are	unable	to	adequately	fund	our	leasing	program	with	internal	funds,	or	partners	or	other	external	financing	sources,	and	compelling	alternative
financing	programs	are	not	available	for	our	customers,	we	may	be	unable	to	grow	our	sales.	Furthermore,	if	our	leasing	business	grows	substantially,
our	business	may	suffer	if	we	cannot	effectively	manage	the	greater	levels	of	residual	and	credit	risks	resulting	from	growth.	Finally,	if	we	do	not
successfully	monitor	and	comply	with	applicable	national,	state	and/or	local	financial	regulations	and	consumer	protection	laws	governing	lease
transactions,	we	may	become	subject	to	enforcement	actions	or	penalties,	either	of	which	may	harm	our	business.
	
22	
The	unavailability,	reduction	or	elimination	of,	or	unfavorable	determinations	with	respect	to,	government	and	economic	incentives
in	the	U
.
S
.
	and	abroad	supporting	the	development	and	adoption	of	electric	vehicles	or	solar	energy	could	have	some	impact	on
demand	for	our	products	and	services.
We	currently	benefit	from	certain	government	and	economic	incentives	supporting	the	development	and	adoption	of	electric	vehicles.	In	the	U.S.
and	abroad,	such	incentives	include,	among	other	things,	tax	credits	or	rebates	that	encourage	the	purchase	of	electric	vehicles.	In	Norway,	for	example,
the	purchase	of	electric	vehicles	is	not	currently	subject	to	import	taxes,	taxes	on	non-recurring	vehicle	fees,	the	25%	value	added	tax	or	the	purchase
taxes	that	apply	to	the	purchase	of	gas-powered	vehicles.	Notably,	the	quantum	of	incentive	programs	promoting	electric	vehicles	is	a	tiny	fraction	of	the
amount	of	subsidies	that	are	provided	to	gas-powered	vehicles	through	the	oil	and	gas	industries.	Nevertheless,	even	the	limited	benefits	from	such
programs	could	be	reduced,	eliminated	or	exhausted.	For	example,	in	April	2017	and	January	2016,	respectively,	previously	available	incentives	in	Hong
Kong	and	Denmark	that	favored	the	purchase	of	electric	vehicles	expired,	negatively	impacting	sales.	Moreover,	under	current	regulations,	a	$7,500
federal	tax	credit	available	in	the	U.S.	for	the	purchase	of	qualified	electric	vehicles	with	at	least	17	kWh	of	battery	capacity,	such	as	our	vehicles,	will
begin	to	phase	out	over	time	with	respect	to	any	vehicles	delivered	in	the	second	calendar	quarter	following	the	quarter	in	which	we	deliver	our
200,000
th
	qualifying	vehicle	in	the	U.S.	We	currently	expect	such	200,000
th
	qualifying	delivery	to	occur	at	some	point	during	2018.	In	addition,	California
implemented	regulations	phasing	out	a	$2,500	cash	rebate	on	qualified	electric	vehicles	for	high-income	consumers,	which	became	effective	in	March
2016.	In	certain	circumstances,	there	is	pressure	from	the	oil	and	gas	lobby	or	related	special	interests	to	bring	about	such	developments,	which	could
have	some	negative	impact	on	demand	for	our	vehicles.
In	addition,	certain	governmental	rebates,	tax	credits	and	other	financial	incentives	that	are	currently	available	with	respect	to	our	solar	and
energy	storage	product	businesses	allow	us	to	lower	our	installation	costs	and	cost	of	capital	and	encourage	customers	to	buy	our	products	and	investors
to	invest	in	our	solar	financing	funds.	However,	these	incentives	may	expire	on	a	particular	date,	end	when	the	allocated	funding	is	exhausted	or	be
reduced	or	terminated	as	renewable	energy	adoption	rates	increase,	often	without	warning.	For	example,	the	federal	government	currently	offers	a	30%
investment	tax	credit	(“ITC”)	for	the	installation	of	solar	power	facilities	and	energy	storage	systems	that	are	charged	from	a	co-sited	solar	power	facility.
The	ITC	is	currently	scheduled	to	decline	to	10%,	and	expire	altogether	for	residential	systems,	by	January	2022.	Likewise,	in	jurisdictions	where	net
energy	metering	is	currently	available,	our	customers	receive	bill	credits	from	utilities	for	energy	that	their	solar	energy	systems	generate	and	export	to
the	grid	in	excess	of	the	electric	load	they	use.	Several	jurisdictions	have	reduced	or	eliminated	the	benefit	available	under	net	energy	metering,	or	have
proposed	to	do	so.	Such	reductions	in	or	termination	of	governmental	incentives	could	adversely	impact	our	results	by	making	our	products	less
competitive	for	potential	customers,	increasing	our	cost	of	capital	and	adversely	impacting	our	ability	to	attract	investment	partners	and	to	form	new
financing	funds	for	our	solar	and	energy	storage	assets.	Additionally,	the	enactment	of	the	Tax	Cuts	and	Jobs	Act	in	the	U.S.	could	potentially	increase	the
cost,	and	decrease	the	availability,	of	renewable	energy	financing,	by	reducing	the	value	of	depreciation	benefits	associated	with,	and	the	overall	investor
tax	capacity	needed	to	monetize,	renewable	energy	projects.	Such	changes	could	lower	the	overall	investment	willingness	and	capacity	for	such	projects
available	in	the	market.
Moreover,	we	and	our	fund	investors	claim	the	ITC	in	amounts	based	on	the	fair	market	value	of	our	solar	and	energy	storage	systems.	Although
we	obtain	independent	appraisals	to	support	the	claimed	fair	market	values,	the	relevant	governmental	authorities	have	audited	such	values	and	in
certain	cases	have	determined	that	they	should	be	lower,	and	they	may	do	so	in	the	future.	Such	determinations	may	result	in	adverse	tax	consequences
and/or	our	obligation	to	make	indemnification	or	other	payments,	or	contribute	additional	assets,	to	our	funds	or	fund	investors.
Any	failure	by	us	to	realize	the	expected	benefits	of	our	substantial	investments	and	commitments	with	respect	to	the	manufacture
of	PV	cells	and	modules,	including	if	we	are	unable	to	comply	with	the	terms	of	our	agreement	with	the	Research	Foundation	for
the	State	University	of	New	York	relating	to	our	Gigafactory	2,	could	result	in	negative	consequences	for	our	business.
We	own	certain	PV	cell	and	module	manufacturing	and	technology	assets,	and	a	build-to-suit	lease	arrangement	with	the	Research	Foundation	for
the	State	University	of	New	York	(the	“SUNY	Foundation”).	This	agreement	with	the	SUNY	Foundation	provides	for	the	construction	of	Gigafactory	2	in
Buffalo,	New	York,	which	at	full	capacity	we	expect	will	be	capable	of	producing	at	least	1.0	gigawatt	of	PV	cells	and	modules	annually,	including	for	our
Solar	Roof.	Under	this	agreement,	we	are	obligated	to,	among	other	things,	employ	specified
	
23	
minimum	numbers	of	personnel	in	the	State	of	New	York	and	spend	or	incur	$5.0	billion	in	
combined	capital,	operational	expenses,	costs	of	goods	sold
and	other	costs	in	the	State	of	New	York	during	the	10-year	period	following	the	
completion	of	all	construction	and	related	infrastructure,	the	arrival	of
manufacturing	equipment,	and	the	receipt	of	certain	permits	and	other	specified	items	
at	Gigafactory	2.	If	we	fail	in	any	year	
over	the	course	of	the	term
of	the	agreement	to	meet	these	obligations,	we	would	be	obligated	to	pay	a	“program	payment”	of	$41.2	million	to	the	
SUNY	
Foundation	in	such	year.
Any	inability	on	our	part	to	comply	with	the	requirements	of	this	agreement	may	result	in	the	payment	of	significant	amounts	to	the	
SUNY	
Foundation,
the	termination	of	our	lease	at	Gigafactory	2,	and/or	the	need	to	secure	an	alternative	supply	of	PV	cells	
and	modules	
for	products	such	as	our	Solar	Roof.
Moreover,	if	we	are	unable	to	utilize	
our
	manufacturing	and	technology	assets	in	accordance	with	our	expectations,	we	may	have	to	recognize	accounting
charges	pertaining	to	the	write-off	of	such	assets.	Any	of	the	foregoing	events	could	have	a	material	adverse	effect	on	our	business,	prospects,	financial
condition	and	operating	results.
If	we	are	unable	to	attract	and/or	retain	key	employees	and	hire	qualified	personnel,	our	ability	to	compete	could	be	harmed.
The	loss	of	the	services	of	any	of	our	key	employees	could	disrupt	our	operations,	delay	the	development	and	introduction	of	our	vehicles	and
services,	and	negatively	impact	our	business,	prospects	and	operating	results.	In	particular,	we	are	highly	dependent	on	the	services	of	Elon	Musk,	our
Chief	Executive	Officer,	and	Jeffrey	B.	Straubel,	our	Chief	Technical	Officer.
None	of	our	key	employees	is	bound	by	an	employment	agreement	for	any	specific	term	and	we	may	not	be	able	to	successfully	attract	and	retain
senior	leadership	necessary	to	grow	our	business.	Our	future	success	depends	upon	our	ability	to	attract	and	retain	executive	officers	and	other	key
technology,	sales,	marketing,	engineering,	manufacturing	and	support	personnel	and	any	failure	to	do	so	could	adversely	impact	our	business,	prospects,
financial	condition	and	operating	results.
Key	talent	may	leave	Tesla	due	to	various	factors,	such	as	a	very	competitive	labor	market	for	talented	individuals	with	automotive	or	technology
experience.	In	California,	Nevada	and	other	regions	where	we	have	operations,	there	is	increasing	competition	for	individuals	with	skillsets	needed	for
our	business,	including	specialized	knowledge	of	electric	vehicles,	software	engineering,	manufacturing	engineering,	and	other	skills	such	as	electrical
and	building	construction	expertise.	This	competition	affects	both	our	ability	to	retain	key	employees	and	hire	new	ones.	Our	continued	success	depends
upon	our	continued	ability	to	hire	new	employees	in	a	timely	manner,	especially	to	support	our	expansion	plans	and	ramp	to	high-volume	manufacture	of
vehicles,	and	retain	current	employees.	Additionally,	we	compete	with	both	mature	and	prosperous	companies	that	have	far	greater	financial	resources
than	we	do	and	start-ups	and	emerging	companies	that	promise	short-term	growth	opportunities.	Difficulties	in	retaining	current	employees	or	recruiting
new	ones	could	have	an	adverse	effect	on	our	performance.
We	are	highly	dependent	on	the	services	of	Elon	Musk,	our	Chief	Executive	Officer.
We	are	highly	dependent	on	the	services	of	Elon	Musk,	our	Chief	Executive	Officer,	Chairman	of	our	Board	of	Directors	and	largest	stockholder.
Although	Mr.	Musk	spends	significant	time	with	Tesla	and	is	highly	active	in	our	management,	he	does	not	devote	his	full	time	and	attention	to	Tesla.
Mr.	Musk	also	currently	serves	as	Chief	Executive	Officer	and	Chief	Technical	Officer	of	Space	Exploration	Technologies,	a	developer	and	manufacturer
of	space	launch	vehicles,	and	is	involved	in	other	emerging	technology	ventures.
On	February	8,	2018,	we	filed	a	proxy	statement	with	the	U.S.	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission	pursuant	to	which	we	are	seeking
stockholder	approval	of	the	grant	in	January	2018	of	a	10-year	performance-based	stock	option	award	for	Mr.	Musk,	which	will	be	forfeited	if	not	so
approved	(the	“CEO	Performance	Award”).	Mr.	Musk	currently	has	no	other	compensation	at	Tesla,	other	than	a	prior	performance-based	stock	option
award	granted	to	Mr.	Musk	in	2012,	which	has	vested	as	to	9	out	of	10	tranches,	and	a	state-mandated	minimum	wage	salary	that	he	has	never	accepted.
There	is	no	assurance	that	the	CEO	Performance	Award	will	receive	stockholder	approval.
We	are	subject	to	various	environmental	and	safety	laws	and	regulations	that	could	impose	substantial	costs	upon	us	and	negatively
impact	our	ability	to	operate	our	manufacturing	facilities.
As	a	manufacturing	company,	including	with	respect	to	facilities	such	as	the	Tesla	Factory,	Gigafactory	1	and	Gigafactory	2,	we	are	subject	to
complex	environmental,	health	and	safety	laws	and	regulations	at	numerous
	
24	
jurisdictional	levels	in	the	U
.
S
.
	and	abroad,	including	laws	relating	to	the	use,	handling,	storage,	disposal	and	human	exposure	to	hazardous	materials.
The	costs	of	compliance,	including	remediating	contamination	if	any	is	found	on	our	properties	and	any	changes	to	our	operations	mandated	by	new	or
amended	laws,	may	be	significant.	We	may	also	face	unexpected	delays	in	obtaining	permits	and	approvals	required	by	such	laws	in	connection	with	our
manufacturing	facilities,	which	would	hinder	our	operation	of	these	facilities.	Such	costs	and	delays	may	adversely	impact	our	business	prospects	and
operating	results.	Furthermore,	any	violations	of	these	laws	may	result	in	substantial	fines	and	penalties,	remediation	costs,	third	party	damages,	or	a
suspension	or	cessation	of	our	operations.
Our	business	may	be	adversely	affected	by	any	disruptions	caused	by	union	activities.
It	is	common	for	employees	at	companies	with	significant	manufacturing	operations	such	as	us	to	belong	to	a	union,	which	can	result	in	higher
employee	costs	and	increased	risk	of	work	stoppages.	Moreover,	regulations	in	some	jurisdictions	outside	of	the	U.S.	mandate	employee	participation	in
industrial	collective	bargaining	agreements	and	work	councils	with	certain	consultation	rights	with	respect	to	the	relevant	companies’	operations.
Although	we	work	diligently	to	provide	the	best	possible	work	environment	for	our	employees,	they	may	still	decide	to	join	or	seek	recognition	to	form	a
labor	union,	or	we	may	be	required	to	become	a	union	signatory.	The	United	Automobile	Workers	has	publicly	announced	a	desire	to	organize	the	Tesla
Factory,	and	has	been	engaged	in	a	campaign	against	the	company.	Furthermore,	we	are	directly	or	indirectly	dependent	upon	companies	with	unionized
work	forces,	such	as	parts	suppliers	and	trucking	and	freight	companies,	and	work	stoppages	or	strikes	organized	by	such	unions	could	have	a	material
adverse	impact	on	our	business,	financial	condition	or	operating	results.	If	a	work	stoppage	occurs,	it	could	delay	the	manufacture	and	sale	of	our
products	and	have	a	material	adverse	effect	on	our	business,	prospects,	operating	results	or	financial	condition.
Our	products	and	services	are	subject	to	substantial	regulations,	which	are	evolving,	and	unfavorable	changes	or	failure	by	us	to
comply	with	these	regulations	could	substantially	harm	our	business	and	operating	results.
Motor	vehicles	are	subject	to	substantial	regulation	under	international,	federal,	state,	and	local	laws.	We	incur	significant	costs	in	complying
with	these	regulations	and	may	be	required	to	incur	additional	costs	to	comply	with	any	changes	to	such	regulations,	and	any	failures	to	comply	could
result	in	significant	expenses,	delays	or	fines.	We	are	subject	to	laws	and	regulations	applicable	to	the	manufacture,	import,	sale	and	service	of
automobiles	internationally.	For	example,	in	countries	outside	of	the	U.S.,	we	are	required	to	meet	standards	relating	to	vehicle	safety,	fuel	economy	and
emissions,	among	other	things,	that	are	often	materially	different	from	requirements	in	the	U.S.,	thus	resulting	in	additional	investment	into	the	vehicles
and	systems	to	ensure	regulatory	compliance	in	those	countries.	This	process	may	include	official	review	and	certification	of	our	vehicles	by	foreign
regulatory	agencies	prior	to	market	entry,	as	well	as	compliance	with	foreign	reporting	and	recall	management	systems	requirements.
Additionally,	our	vehicles	are	equipped	with	a	suite	of	driver-assistance	features	called	autopilot,	which	help	assist	drivers	with	certain	tedious
and	potentially	dangerous	aspects	of	road	travel,	but	require	drivers	to	remain	engaged.	There	is	a	variety	of	international,	federal,	and	state	regulations
that	may	apply	to	self-driving	vehicles,	which	include	many	existing	vehicle	standards	that	were	not	originally	intended	to	apply	to	vehicles	that	may	not
have	a	driver.	Such	regulations	continue	to	rapidly	change,	which	increases	the	likelihood	of	a	patchwork	of	complex	or	conflicting	regulations,	or	may
delay	products	or	restrict	self-driving	features	and	availability,	any	of	which	could	adversely	affect	our	business.
Moreover,	as	a	manufacturer	and	installer	of	solar	generation	and	energy	storage	systems	and	a	supplier	of	electricity	generated	and	stored	by
the	solar	energy	and	energy	storage	systems	we	install	for	customers,	we	are	impacted	by	federal,	state	and	local	regulations	and	policies	concerning
electricity	pricing,	the	interconnection	of	electricity	generation	and	storage	equipment	with	the	electric	grid,	and	the	sale	of	electricity	generated	by
third-party	owned	systems.	For	example,	existing	or	proposed	regulations	and	policies	would	permit	utilities	to	limit	the	amount	of	electricity	generated
by	our	customers	with	their	solar	energy	systems,	charge	fees	and	penalties	to	our	customers	relating	to	the	purchase	of	energy	other	than	from	the	grid,
adjust	electricity	rate	designs	such	that	the	price	of	our	solar	products	may	not	be	competitive	with	that	of	electricity	from	the	grid,	restrict	us	and	our
customers	from	transacting	under	our	PPAs	or	qualifying	for	government	incentives	and	benefits	that	apply	to	solar	power,	and	limit	or	eliminate	net
energy	metering.	If	such	regulations	and	policies	remain	in	effect	or	are	adopted	in	other	jurisdictions,	or	if	other	regulations	and	policies	that	adversely
impact	the	interconnection	of	our	solar	and	energy	storage	systems	to	the	grid	are	introduced,	modified	or	eliminated,	they	could	deter	potential
customers	from
	
25	
purchasing	our	solar	and	energy	storage	products,	threaten	the	economics	of	our	existing	contracts	and	cause	us	to	cease	solar	and	energy	storage
system	sales	and	operations	
in	
the	relevant	jurisdictions,	which	could	harm	our	business,	prospects,	financial	condition	and	results	of	operations.
We	are	subject	to	various	privacy	and	consumer	protection	laws.
Our	privacy	policy	is	posted	on	our	website,	and	any	failure	by	us	or	our	vendor	or	other	business	partners	to	comply	with	it	or	with	federal,	state
or	international	privacy,	data	protection	or	security	laws	or	regulations	could	result	in	regulatory	or	litigation-related	actions	against	us,	legal	liability,
fines,	damages	and	other	costs.	We	may	also	incur	substantial	expenses	and	costs	in	connection	with	maintaining	compliance	with	such	laws.	For
example,	commencing	in	May	2018,	the	General	Data	Protection	Regulation	(the	“GDPR”)	will	fully	apply	to	the	processing	of	personal	information
collected	from	individuals	located	in	the	European	Union.	The	GDPR	will	create	new	compliance	obligations	and	will	significantly	increase	fines	for
noncompliance.	Although	we	take	steps	to	protect	the	security	of	our	customers’	personal	information,	we	may	be	required	to	expend	significant
resources	to	comply	with	data	breach	requirements	if	third	parties	improperly	obtain	and	use	the	personal	information	of	our	customers	or	we	otherwise
experience	a	data	loss	with	respect	to	customers’	personal	information.	A	major	breach	of	our	network	security	and	systems	could	have	negative
consequences	for	our	business	and	future	prospects,	including	possible	fines,	penalties	and	damages,	reduced	customer	demand	for	our	vehicles,	and
harm	to	our	reputation	and	brand.
We	may	be	compelled	to	undertake	product	recalls	or	take	other	actions,	which	could	adversely	affect	our	brand	image	and
financial	performance.
Any	product	recall,	including	for	solar	or	charging	equipment,	in	the	future	may	result	in	adverse	publicity,	damage	our	brand	and	adversely
affect	our	business,	prospects,	operating	results	and	financial	condition.	For	example,	certain	limited	vehicle	recalls	that	we	initiated	in	the	past	two
years	have	resulted	from	a	component	that	could	prevent	the	parking	brake	from	releasing	once	engaged,	a	concern	with	the	firmware	in	the	restraints
control	module	in	certain	right-hand-drive	vehicles,	industry-wide	issues	with	airbags	from	a	particular	supplier,	a	front	seat	belt	issue	in	a	single	field
vehicle,	and	Model	X	seat	components	that	could	cause	unintended	seat	movement	during	a	collision.	Furthermore,	testing	of	our	vehicles	by	government
regulators	or	industry	groups	may	require	us	to	initiate	vehicle	recalls	or	may	result	in	negative	public	perceptions	about	the	safety	of	our	vehicles.	In	the
future,	we	may	at	various	times,	voluntarily	or	involuntarily,	initiate	a	recall	if	any	of	our	products	or	our	electric	vehicle	powertrain	components	that	we
have	provided	to	other	vehicle	OEMs,	including	any	systems	or	parts	sourced	from	our	suppliers,	prove	to	be	defective	or	noncompliant	with	applicable
laws	and	regulations,	such	as	federal	motor	vehicle	safety	standards.	Such	recalls,	whether	voluntary	or	involuntary	or	caused	by	systems	or	components
engineered	or	manufactured	by	us	or	our	suppliers,	could	involve	significant	expense	and	could	adversely	affect	our	brand	image	in	our	target	markets,
as	well	as	our	business,	prospects,	financial	condition	and	results	of	operations.
Our	resale	value	guarantee	and	leasing	programs	for	our	vehicles	expose	us	to	the	risk	that	the	resale	values	of	vehicles	returned	to
us	are	lower	than	our	estimates	and	may	result	in	lower	revenues,	gross	margin,	profitability	and	liquidity.
We	have	provided	resale	value	guarantees	to	many	of	our	customers,	under	which	such	customers	may	sell	their	vehicles	back	to	us	at	certain
points	in	time	at	pre-determined	resale	values.	If	the	resale	values	of	any	vehicles	resold	or	returned	to	us	pursuant	to	these	programs	are	materially
lower	than	our	estimates,	our	profitability	and/or	liquidity	could	be	negatively	impacted.
We	have	applied	lease	accounting	on	leases	made	directly	by	us	and,	prior	to	2018,	on	all	leases	made	by	our	leasing	partners	and	sales	by	us	of
vehicles	with	a	resale	value	guarantee.	Under	lease	accounting,	we	recognize	the	associated	revenues	and	costs	of	the	vehicle	sale	over	time	rather	than
fully	upfront	at	vehicle	delivery.	As	a	result,	these	programs	generate	lower	revenues	in	the	period	the	car	is	delivered	and	higher	gross	margins	during
the	period	of	the	resale	value	guarantee	as	compared	to	purchases	in	which	the	resale	value	guarantee	does	not	apply.	A	higher	than	anticipated
prevalence	of	these	programs	could	therefore	have	an	adverse	impact	on	our	near	term	revenues	and	operating	results.	Moreover,	unlike	the	sale	of	a
vehicle	with	a	resale	value	guarantee	or	programs	with	leasing	partners	which	do	not	impact	our	cash	flows	and	liquidity	at	the	time	of	vehicle	delivery,
under	a	lease	held	directly	by	us,	we	may	receive	only	a	very	small	portion	of	the	total	vehicle	purchase	price	at	the	time	of	lease,	followed	by	a	stream	of
payments	over	the	term	of	the	lease.	To	the	extent	we	expand	our	leasing	program	without	securing
	
26	
external	financing	or	business	partners	to	support	such	expansion,	our	cash	flow	and	liquidity	could	also	be	negatively	impacted.
Our	current	and	future	warranty	reserves	may	be	insufficient	to	cover	future	warranty	claims	which	could	adversely	affect	our
financial	performance.
Subject	to	separate	limited	warranties	for	the	supplemental	restraint	system,	battery	and	drive	unit,	we	provide	four	year	or	50,000	mile	limited
warranties	for	the	purchasers	of	new	Model	3,	Model	S	and	Model	X	vehicles	and	either	a	four	year	or	50,000	mile	limited	warranty	or	a	two	year	or
100,000	mile	limited	warranty	for	the	purchasers	of	used	Model	S	or	Model	X	vehicles	certified	and	sold	by	us.	The	limited	warranty	for	the	battery	and
drive	unit	for	new	Model	S	and	Model	X	vehicles	covers	the	drive	unit	for	eight	years,	as	well	as	the	battery	for	a	period	of	eight	years	(or	for	certain
older	vehicles,	125,000	miles	if	reached	sooner	than	eight	years),	although	the	battery’s	charging	capacity	is	not	covered	under	any	of	our	warranties	or
Extended	Service	plans;	the	limited	warranty	for	used	Model	S	and	Model	X	vehicles	does	not	extend	or	otherwise	alter	the	terms	of	the	original	battery
and	drive	unit	limited	warranty	for	such	used	vehicles	specified	in	their	original	New	Vehicle	Limited	Warranty.	For	the	battery	and	drive	unit	on	our
current	new	Model	3	vehicles,	we	offer	an	eight	year	or	100,000	mile	limited	warranty	for	our	standard	range	battery	and	an	eight	year	or	120,000	mile
limited	warranty	for	our	long	range	battery,	with	minimum	70%	retention	of	battery	capacity	over	the	warranty	period.	In	addition,	customers	of	new
Model	S	and	Model	X	vehicles	have	the	opportunity	to	purchase	an	Extended	Service	plan	for	the	period	after	the	end	of	the	limited	warranty	for	their
new	vehicles	to	cover	additional	services	for	up	to	an	additional	four	years	or	50,000	miles,	provided	it	is	purchased	within	a	specified	period	of	time.
For	energy	storage	products,	we	provide	limited	warranties	against	defects	and	to	guarantee	minimum	energy	retention	levels.	For	example,	we
guarantee	that	each	Powerwall	2	product	will	maintain	at	least	70-80%	of	its	stated	energy	capacity	after	10	years,	and	that	each	Powerpack	2	product
will	retain	specified	minimum	energy	capacities	in	each	of	its	first	10	to	15	years	of	use.	For	our	Solar	Roof,	we	offer	a	warranty	on	the	glass	tiles	for	the
lifetime	of	a	customer’s	home	and	a	separate	warranty	for	the	energy	generation	capability	of	the	solar	tiles.	We	also	offer	extended	warranties,
availability	guarantees	and	capacity	guarantees	for	periods	of	up	to	20	years	at	an	additional	cost	at	the	time	of	purchase,	as	well	as	workmanship
warranties	to	customers	who	elect	to	have	us	install	their	systems.
Finally,	customers	who	buy	energy	from	us	under	solar	energy	system	leases	or	PPAs	are	covered	by	warranties	equal	to	the	length	of	the
agreement	term,	which	is	typically	20	years.	Systems	purchased	for	cash	are	covered	by	a	warranty	of	up	to	10	years,	with	extended	warranties	available
at	additional	cost.	In	addition,	we	pass	through	to	our	customers	the	inverter	and	panel	manufacturers’	warranties,	which	generally	range	from	5	to	25
years,	subjecting	us	to	the	risk	that	the	manufacturers	may	later	cease	operations	or	fail	to	honor	their	underlying	warranties.	Finally,	we	provide	a
performance	guarantee	with	our	leased	solar	energy	systems	that	compensates	a	customer	on	an	annual	basis	if	their	system	does	not	meet	the	electricity
production	guarantees	set	forth	in	their	lease.
If	our	warranty	reserves	are	inadequate	to	cover	future	warranty	claims	on	our	products,	our	business,	prospects,	financial	condition	and
operating	results	could	be	materially	and	adversely	affected.	Warranty	reserves	include	management’s	best	estimate	of	the	projected	costs	to	repair	or	to
replace	items	under	warranty.	These	estimates	are	based	on	actual	claims	incurred	to-date	and	an	estimate	of	the	nature,	frequency	and	costs	of	future
claims.	Such	estimates	are	inherently	uncertain	and	changes	to	our	historical	or	projected	experience,	especially	with	respect	to	products	such	as	Model
3	and	Solar	Roof	that	are	new	and/or	that	we	expect	to	produce	at	significantly	greater	volumes	than	our	past	products,	may	cause	material	changes	to
our	warranty	reserves	in	the	future.
We	are	continuously	expanding	and	improving	our	information	technology	systems	and	use	security	measures	designed	to	protect
our	systems	against	breaches	and	cyber-attacks.	If	these	efforts	are	not	successful,	our	business	and	operations	could	be	disrupted
and	our	operating	results	and	reputation	could	be	harmed.
We	are	continuously	expanding	and	improving	our	information	technology	systems,	including	implementing	new	internally	developed	systems,	to
assist	us	in	the	management	of	our	business.	In	particular,	our	volume	production	of	multiple	vehicles	necessitates	continued	development,	maintenance
and	improvement	of	our	information	technology	systems	in	the	U.S.	and	abroad,	which	include	product	data	management,	procurement,	inventory
management,	production	planning	and	execution,	sales,	service	and	logistics,	dealer	management,
	
27	
financial,	tax	and	regulatory	compliance	systems.	The	implementation,	maintenance	and	improvement	of	these	systems	require	significant	management
time,	support	and	cost.	Moreover,	there	are	inherent	risks	associated	with	developing,	improving	and	expanding	our	core	systems	as	well	as
implementing	new	systems,	including	the	disruption	of	our	data	management,	procurement,	manufacturing	execution,	finance,	supply	chain	and	sales	and
service	processes.	These	risks	may	affect	our	ability	to	manage	our	data	and	inventory,	procure	parts	or	supplies	or	manufacture,	sell,	deliver	and	service
vehicles,	or	achieve	and	maintain	compliance	with,	or	realize	available	benefits	under,	tax	laws	and	other	applicable	regulations.
	We	also	maintain
information	technology	measures	designed	to	protect	us	against	system	security	risks,	data	breaches	and	cyber-attacks.
We	cannot	be	sure	that	these	systems	or	their	required	functionality	will	be	effectively	implemented,	maintained	or	expanded	as	planned.	If	we	do
not	successfully	implement,	maintain	or	expand	these	systems	as	planned,	our	operations	may	be	disrupted,	our	ability	to	accurately	and/or	timely	report
our	financial	results	could	be	impaired,	and	deficiencies	may	arise	in	our	internal	control	over	financial	reporting,	which	may	impact	our	ability	to	certify
our	financial	results.	Moreover,	our	proprietary	information	could	be	compromised	and	our	reputation	may	be	adversely	affected.	If	these	systems	or
their	functionality	do	not	operate	as	we	expect	them	to,	we	may	be	required	to	expend	significant	resources	to	make	corrections	or	find	alternative
sources	for	performing	these	functions.
Our	insurance	strategy	may	not	be	adequate	to	protect	us	from	all	business	risks.
We	may	be	subject,	in	the	ordinary	course	of	business,	to	losses	resulting	from	products	liability,	accidents,	acts	of	God	and	other	claims	against
us,	for	which	we	may	have	no	insurance	coverage.	As	a	general	matter,	we	do	not	maintain	as	much	insurance	coverage	as	many	other	companies	do,	and
in	some	cases,	we	do	not	maintain	any	at	all.	Additionally,	the	policies	that	we	do	have	may	include	significant	deductibles	or	self-insured	retentions,	and
we	cannot	be	certain	that	our	insurance	coverage	will	be	sufficient	to	cover	all	future	losses	or	claims	against	us.	A	loss	that	is	uninsured	or	which
exceeds	policy	limits	may	require	us	to	pay	substantial	amounts,	which	could	adversely	affect	our	financial	condition	and	operating	results.
Our	financial	results	may	vary	significantly	from	period-to-period	due	to	fluctuations	in	our	operating	costs.
We	expect	our	period-to-period	financial	results	to	vary	based	on	our	operating	costs	which	we	anticipate	will	increase	significantly	in	future
periods	as	we,	among	other	things,	ramp	up	the	production	of	Model	3,	expand	Gigafactory	1,	open	new	Tesla	stores	and	service	centers	with
maintenance	and	repair	capabilities,	open	new	Supercharger	locations,	ramp	production	at	Gigafactory	2,	increase	our	sales	and	marketing	activities,	and
increase	our	general	and	administrative	functions	to	support	our	growing	operations.	Moreover,	we	expect	to	continue	to	design,	develop	and
manufacture	new	and	future	products,	and	increase	our	production	capacity	by	expanding	our	current	manufacturing	facilities	and	adding	future
facilities.	As	a	result	of	these	factors,	we	believe	that	quarter-to-quarter	comparisons	of	our	financial	results,	especially	in	the	short-term,	are	not
necessarily	meaningful	and	that	these	comparisons	cannot	be	relied	upon	as	indicators	of	future	performance.	Moreover,	our	financial	results	may	not
meet	expectations	of	equity	research	analysts	or	investors.	If	any	of	this	occurs,	the	trading	price	of	our	stock	could	fall	substantially,	either	suddenly	or
over	time.
Any	unauthorized	control	or	manipulation	of	our	vehicles’	systems	could	result	in	loss	of	confidence	in	us	and	our	vehicles	and
harm	our	business.
Our	vehicles	contain	complex	information	technology	systems.	For	example,	our	vehicles	are	designed	with	built-in	data	connectivity	to	accept
and	install	periodic	remote	updates	from	us	to	improve	or	update	the	functionality	of	our	vehicles.	We	have	designed,	implemented	and	tested	security
measures	intended	to	prevent	unauthorized	access	to	our	information	technology	networks,	our	vehicles	and	their	systems.	However,	hackers	have
reportedly	attempted,	and	may	attempt	in	the	future,	to	gain	unauthorized	access	to	modify,	alter	and	use	such	networks,	vehicles	and	systems	to	gain
control	of,	or	to	change,	our	vehicles’	functionality,	user	interface	and	performance	characteristics,	or	to	gain	access	to	data	stored	in	or	generated	by	the
vehicle.	We	encourage	reporting	of	potential	vulnerabilities	in	the	security	of	our	vehicles	via	our	security	vulnerability	reporting	policy,	and	we	aim	to
remedy	any	reported	and	verified	vulnerabilities.	Accordingly,	we	have	received	reports	of	potential	vulnerabilities	in	the	past	and	have	attempted	to
remedy	them.	However,	there	can	be	no	assurance	that	vulnerabilities	will	not	be	identified	in	the	future,	or	that	our	remediation	efforts	are	or	will	be
successful.
	
28	
Any	unauthorized	access	to	or	control	of	our	vehicles	or	their	systems	or	any	loss	of	data	could	result	in	legal	claims	or	proceedings.	In	addition,
regardless	of	their	veracity,	reports	of	unauthorized	access	to	our	vehicles,	their	systems	or	data,	as	well	as	other	factors	that	may	result	in	the
perception	that	our	vehicles,	their	systems	or	data	are	capable	of	being	“hacked,”	could	negatively	affect	our	brand	and	harm	our	business,	prospects,
financial	condition	and	operating	results.	
We	have	been	the	subject	of	such	reports	in	the	past.
Servicing	our	indebtedness	requires	a	significant	amount	of	cash,	and	there	is	no	guarantee	that	we	will	have	sufficient	cash	flow
from	our	business	to	pay	our	substantial	indebtedness.
As	of	December	31,	2017,	we	and	our	subsidiaries	had	outstanding	$10.17	billion	in	aggregate	principal	amount	of	indebtedness	(see	Note	13,
Convertible	and	Long-Term	Debt	Obligations,	to	the	consolidated	financial	statements	included	elsewhere	in	this	Annual	Report	on	Form	10-K).	Our
substantial	consolidated	indebtedness	may	increase	our	vulnerability	to	any	generally	adverse	economic	and	industry	conditions.	We	and	our	subsidiaries
may,	subject	to	the	limitations	in	the	terms	of	our	existing	and	future	indebtedness,	incur	additional	debt,	secure	existing	or	future	debt	or	recapitalize
our	debt.
Pursuant	to	their	terms,	holders	of	our	1.50%	Convertible	Senior	notes	due	2018,	0.25%	Convertible	Senior	Notes	due	2019,	1.25%	Convertible
Senior	Notes	due	2021	and	2.375%	Convertible	Senior	Notes	due	2022	(collectively,	the	“Tesla	Convertible	Notes”)	may	convert	their	respective	Tesla
Convertible	Notes	at	their	option	prior	to	the	scheduled	maturities	of	the	respective	Tesla	Convertible	Notes	under	certain	circumstances.	Upon
conversion	of	the	applicable	Tesla	Convertible	Notes,	we	will	be	obligated	to	deliver	cash	and/or	shares	in	respect	of	the	principal	amounts	thereof	and
the	conversion	value	in	excess	of	such	principal	amounts	on	such	Tesla	Convertible	Notes.	For	example,	in	June	2017,	September	2017	and	November
2017,	pursuant	to	separate	privately	negotiated	agreements,	we	exchanged	$144.8	million,	$10.0	million	and	$12.0	million,	respectively,	in	aggregate
principal	amount	of	the	1.50%	Convertible	Senior	Notes	due	2018	for	1.2	million	shares,	0.1	million	shares	and	0.1	million	shares,	respectively,	of	our
common	stock.	Moreover,	our	subsidiary’s	2.75%	Convertible	Senior	Notes	due	2018,	1.625%	Convertible	Senior	Notes	due	2019	and	Zero-Coupon
Convertible	Senior	Notes	due	2020	(collectively,	the	“Subsidiary	Convertible	Notes”)	are	convertible	into	shares	of	our	common	stock	at	conversion
prices	ranging	from	$300.00	to	$759.36	per	share.	Finally,	holders	of	the	Tesla	Convertible	Notes	and	the	Subsidiary	Convertible	Notes	will	have	the
right	to	require	us	to	repurchase	their	notes	upon	the	occurrence	of	a	fundamental	change	at	a	purchase	price	equal	to	100%	of	the	principal	amount	of
the	notes,	plus	accrued	and	unpaid	interest,	if	any,	to,	but	not	including,	the	fundamental	change	purchase	date.
Our	ability	to	make	scheduled	payments	of	the	principal	and	interest	on	our	indebtedness	when	due	or	to	make	payments	upon	conversion	or
repurchase	demands	with	respect	to	our	convertible	notes,	or	to	refinance	our	indebtedness	as	we	may	need	or	desire,	depends	on	our	future
performance,	which	is	subject	to	economic,	financial,	competitive	and	other	factors	beyond	our	control.	Our	business	may	not	continue	to	generate	cash
flow	from	operations	in	the	future	sufficient	to	satisfy	our	obligations	under	our	existing	indebtedness,	and	any	future	indebtedness	we	may	incur,	and	to
make	necessary	capital	expenditures.	If	we	are	unable	to	generate	such	cash	flow,	we	may	be	required	to	adopt	one	or	more	alternatives,	such	as
reducing	or	delaying	investments	or	capital	expenditures,	selling	assets,	refinancing	or	obtaining	additional	equity	capital	on	terms	that	may	be	onerous
or	highly	dilutive.	Our	ability	to	refinance	existing	or	future	indebtedness	will	depend	on	the	capital	markets	and	our	financial	condition	at	such	time.	In
addition,	our	ability	to	make	payments	may	be	limited	by	law,	by	regulatory	authority	or	by	agreements	governing	our	future	indebtedness.	We	may	not
be	able	to	engage	in	any	of	these	activities	or	engage	in	these	activities	on	desirable	terms	or	at	all,	which	could	result	in	a	default	on	our	existing	or
future	indebtedness	and	have	a	material	adverse	effect	on	our	business,	results	of	operations	and	financial	condition.
Our	debt	agreements	contain	covenant	restrictions	that	may	limit	our	ability	to	operate	our	business.
The	terms	of	certain	of	our	credit	facilities,	including	
our	senior	secured	asset	based	revolving	credit	agreement,
	contain,	and	any	of	our	other
future	debt	agreements	may	contain,	covenant	restrictions	that	limit	our	ability	to	operate	our	business,	including	restrictions	on	our	ability	to,	among
other	things,	
incur	additional	debt	or	issue	guarantees,	create	liens,	repurchase	stock	or	make	other	restricted	payments,	and	make	certain	voluntary
prepayments	of	specified	debt.	In	addition,	under	certain	circumstances	we	are	required	to	comply	with	a	fixed	charge	coverage	ratio.	As	a	result	of	these
covenants,	our	ability	to	respond	to	changes	in	business	and	economic	conditions	and	engage	in	beneficial	transactions,	including	to	obtain	additional
financing	as	needed,	may	be	restricted.	Furthermore,	our	failure	to	comply	with	our	debt	covenants	could	result	in	a	default	under	our	debt
	
29	
agreements,	which	could	permit	the	holders	to	accelerate	our	obligation	to	repay	the	debt.	If	any	of	our	debt	is	accelerated,	we	may	not	have	sufficient
funds	available	to	repay	it.
We	may	need
	or	
want
	to	raise	additional	funds	and	
these	funds	may
	not	
be	available	to	us	when	we	need	them.	If	we	cannot	raise
additional	funds	when	we	need	or	want	them
,	our	operations	and	prospects	could	be	negatively	affected
.
The	design,	manufacture,	sale,	installation	and/or	servicing	of	automobiles,	energy	storage	products	and	solar	products	is	a	capital	intensive
business.	Until	we	are	consistently	generating	positive	free	cash	flows,	we	may	need	or	want	to	raise	additional	funds	through	the	issuance	of	equity,
equity-related	or	debt	securities	or	through	obtaining	credit	from	financial	institutions	to	fund,	together	with
	our	principal	sources	of	liquidity
,
	the	costs
of
	developing
	and
	manufacturing	our	current	or	future	vehicles
,	energy	storage	products	and/or	solar	products,	to	pay
	any	significant	unplanned	
or
accelerated	
expenses	or	
for	
new	significant	strategic	investments,	or	to	refinance	our	significant	consolidated	indebtedness,	even	if	not	required	to	do	so
by	the	terms	of	such	indebtedness.	We	need	sufficient	capital	to	fund	our	ongoing	operations,	ramp	vehicle	production,	continue	research	and
development	projects,	establish	sales,	delivery	and	service	centers,	build	and	deploy	Superchargers
,	expand	Gigafactory	1,	
ramp	production	at
Gigafactory	2	and	to	make	the	investments	in	tooling	and	manufacturing	capital	required	to	introduce	new	vehicles
,	energy	storage	products	and	solar
products.	We	cannot	be	certain	that	additional	funds	will	be	available	to	us	on	favorable	terms	when	required,	or	at	all.
	If	we	cannot	raise	additional	funds
when	we	need	them,	our	financial	condition,	results	of	operations,	business	and	prospects	could	be	materially	
and	
adversely	affected.
Additionally,	we	use	capital	from	third-party	investors	to	enable	our	customers’	access	to	our	solar	energy	systems	with	little	or	no	upfront	cost.
The	availability	of	this	financing	depends	upon	many	factors,	including	the	confidence	of	the	investors	in	the	solar	energy	industry,	the	quality	and	mix	of
our	customer	contracts,	any	regulatory	changes	impacting	the	economics	of	our	existing	customer	contracts,	changes	in	law	(including	tax	law),	risks	or
government	incentives	associated	with	these	financings,	and	our	ability	to	compete	with	other	renewable	energy	companies	for	the	limited	number	of
potential	investors.	Moreover,	interest	rates	are	at	historically	low	levels.	If	the	rate	of	return	required	by	investors	rises	as	a	result	of	a	rise	in	interest
rates,	it	will	reduce	the	present	value	of	the	customer	payment	streams	underlying,	and	therefore	the	total	value	of,	our	financing	structures,	increasing
our	cost	of	capital.	If	we	are	unable	to	establish	new	financing	funds	on	favorable	terms	for	third-party	ownership	arrangements,	we	may	be	unable	to
finance	installation	of	our	solar	energy	system	lease	or	PPA	customers’	systems,	or	our	cost	of	capital	could	increase	and	our	liquidity	may	be	negatively
impacted,	which	would	have	an	adverse	effect	on	our	business,	financial	condition	and	results	of	operations.
If	we	update	our	manufacturing	equipment	more	quickly	than	expected,	we	may	have	to	shorten	the	useful	lives	of	any	equipment
to	be	retired	as	a	result	of	any	such	update,	and	the	resulting	acceleration	in	our	depreciation	could	negatively	affect	our	financial
results.
We	have	invested	and	expect	to	continue	to	invest	significantly	in	what	we	believe	is	state	of	the	art	tooling,	machinery	and	other	manufacturing
equipment	for	our	various	product	lines,	and	we	depreciate	the	cost	of	such	equipment	over	their	expected	useful	lives.	However,	manufacturing
technology	may	evolve	rapidly,	and	we	may	decide	to	update	our	manufacturing	process	with	cutting-edge	equipment	more	quickly	than	expected.
Moreover,	as	our	engineering	and	manufacturing	expertise	and	efficiency	increase,	we	may	be	able	to	manufacture	our	products	using	less	of	our
installed	equipment.	The	useful	life	of	any	equipment	that	would	be	retired	early	as	a	result	would	be	shortened,	causing	the	depreciation	on	such
equipment	to	be	accelerated,	and	our	results	of	operations	could	be	negatively	impacted.
We	are	exposed	to	fluctuations	in	currency	exchange	rates,	which	could	negatively	affect	our	financial	results.
Our	revenues	and	costs	denominated	in	foreign	currencies	are	not	completely	matched.	As	we	have	increased	vehicle	deliveries	in	markets
outside	of	the	U.S.,	we	have	much	higher	revenues	than	costs	denominated	in	other	currencies	such	as	the	euro,	Chinese	yuan,	Norwegian	krone,	pound
sterling	and	Canadian	dollar.	Any	strengthening	of	the	U.S.	dollar	would	tend	to	reduce	our	revenues	as	measured	in	U.S.	dollars,	as	we	have	historically
experienced.	In	addition,	a	portion	of	our	costs	and	expenses	have	been,	and	we	anticipate	will	continue	to	be,	denominated	in	foreign	currencies,
including	the	Japanese	yen.	If	we	do	not	have	fully	offsetting	revenues	in	these	currencies	and	if	the	value	of	the	U.S.	dollar	depreciates	significantly
against	these	currencies,	our	costs	as	measured
	
30	
in	U.S.	dollars	as	a	percent	of	our	revenues	will	correspondingly	increase	and	our	margins	will	suffer.	
Moreover,	while	we	undertake	limited	hedging
activities	intended	to	offset	the	impact	of	currency	translation	exposure,	it	is	impossible	to	predict	or	eliminate	such	impact
.	As	a	result,	our	operating
results	could	be	adversely	affected.
We	may	face	regulatory	limitations	on	our	ability	to	sell	vehicles	directly	which	could	materially	and	adversely	affect	our	ability	to
sell	our	electric	vehicles.
We	sell	our	vehicles	directly	to	consumers.	We	may	not	be	able	to	sell	our	vehicles	through	this	sales	model	in	each	state	in	the	U.S.	as	some
states	have	laws	that	may	be	interpreted	to	impose	limitations	on	this	direct-to-consumer	sales	model.	In	certain	states	in	which	we	are	not	able	to	obtain
dealer	licenses,	we	have	opened	galleries,	which	are	not	full	retail	locations.
The	application	of	these	state	laws	to	our	operations	continues	to	be	difficult	to	predict.	Laws	in	some	states	have	limited	our	ability	to	obtain
dealer	licenses	from	state	motor	vehicle	regulators	and	may	continue	to	do	so.
In	addition,	decisions	by	regulators	permitting	us	to	sell	vehicles	may	be	challenged	by	dealer	associations	and	others	as	to	whether	such
decisions	comply	with	applicable	state	motor	vehicle	industry	laws.	We	have	prevailed	in	many	of	these	lawsuits	and	such	results	have	reinforced	our
continuing	belief	that	state	laws	were	not	designed	to	prevent	our	distribution	model.	In	some	states,	there	have	also	been	regulatory	and	legislative
efforts	by	dealer	associations	to	propose	laws	that,	if	enacted,	would	prevent	us	from	obtaining	dealer	licenses	in	their	states	given	our	current	sales
model.	A	few	states	have	passed	legislation	that	clarifies	our	ability	to	operate,	but	at	the	same	time	limits	the	number	of	dealer	licenses	we	can	obtain	or
stores	that	we	can	operate.	We	have	also	filed	a	lawsuit	in	federal	court	in	Michigan	challenging	the	constitutionality	of	the	state’s	prohibition	on	direct
sales	as	applied	to	our	business.
Internationally,	there	may	be	laws	in	jurisdictions	we	have	not	yet	entered	or	laws	we	are	unaware	of	in	jurisdictions	we	have	entered	that	may
restrict	our	sales	or	other	business	practices.	Even	for	those	jurisdictions	we	have	analyzed,	the	laws	in	this	area	can	be	complex,	difficult	to	interpret
and	may	change	over	time.	Continued	regulatory	limitations	and	other	obstacles	interfering	with	our	ability	to	sell	vehicles	directly	to	consumers	could
have	a	negative	and	material	impact	our	business,	prospects,	financial	condition	and	results	of	operations.
We	may	need	to	defend	ourselves	against	intellectual	property	infringement	claims,	which	may	be	time-consuming	and	could	cause
us	to	incur	substantial	costs.
Others,	including	our	competitors,	may	hold	or	obtain	patents,	copyrights,	trademarks	or	other	proprietary	rights	that	could	prevent,	limit	or
interfere	with	our	ability	to	make,	use,	develop,	sell	or	market	our	products	and	services,	which	could	make	it	more	difficult	for	us	to	operate	our
business.	From	time	to	time,	the	holders	of	such	intellectual	property	rights	may	assert	their	rights	and	urge	us	to	take	licenses,	and/or	may	bring	suits
alleging	infringement	or	misappropriation	of	such	rights.	We	may	consider	the	entering	into	licensing	agreements	with	respect	to	such	rights,	although
no	assurance	can	be	given	that	such	licenses	can	be	obtained	on	acceptable	terms	or	that	litigation	will	not	occur,	and	such	licenses	could	significantly
increase	our	operating	expenses.	In	addition,	if	we	are	determined	to	have	infringed	upon	a	third	party’s	intellectual	property	rights,	we	may	be	required
to	
cease	making,	selling	or	incorporating	certain	components	or	intellectual	property	into	the	goods	and	services	we	offer,	to	pay	substantial	damages
and/or	license	royalties,	to	redesign	our	products	and	services,	and/or	to	establish	and	maintain	alternative	branding	for	our	products	and	services.
	In	the
event	that	we	were	required	to	take	one	or	more	such	actions,	our	business,	prospects,	operating	results	and	financial	condition	could	be	materially
adversely	affected.	In	addition,	any	litigation	or	claims,	whether	or	not	valid,	could	result	in	substantial	costs,	negative	publicity	and	diversion	of
resources	and	management	attention.
Our	facilities	or	operations	could	be	damaged	or	adversely	affected	as	a	result	of	disasters.
Our	corporate	headquarters,	the	Tesla	Factory	and	Gigafactory	1	are	located	in	seismically	active	regions	in	Northern	California	and	Nevada.	If
major	disasters	such	as	earthquakes	or	other	events	occur,	or	our	information	system	or	communications	network	breaks	down	or	operates	improperly,
our	headquarters	and	production	facilities	may	be	seriously	damaged,	or	we	may	have	to	stop	or	delay	production	and	shipment	of	our	products.	We	may
incur	expenses	relating	to	such	damages,	which	could	have	a	material	adverse	impact	on	our	business,	operating	results	and	financial	condition.
	
31	
Risks	Related	to	the	Ownership	of	Our	Common	Stock
The	trading	price	of	our	common	stock	is	likely	to	continue	to	be	volatile.
The	trading	price	of	our	common	stock	has	been	highly	volatile	and	could	continue	to	be	subject	to	wide	fluctuations	in	response	to	various
factors,	some	of	which	are	beyond	our	control.	Our	common	stock	has	experienced	an	intra-day	trading	high	of	$389.61	per	share	and	a	low	of	$242.01
per	share	over	the	last	52	weeks.	The	stock	market	in	general,	and	the	market	for	technology	companies	in	particular,	has	experienced	extreme	price	and
volume	fluctuations	that	have	often	been	unrelated	or	disproportionate	to	the	operating	performance	of	those	companies.	Broad	market	and	industry
factors	may	seriously	affect	the	market	price	of	companies’	stock,	including	ours,	regardless	of	actual	operating	performance.	In	addition,	in	the	past,
following	periods	of	volatility	in	the	overall	market	and	the	market	price	of	a	particular	company’s	securities,	securities	class	action	litigation	has	often
been	instituted	against	these	companies.	Moreover,	stockholder	litigation	like	this	has	been	filed	against	us	in	the	past.	While	we	are	continuing	to	defend
such	actions	vigorously,	any	judgment	against	us	or	any	future	stockholder	litigation	could	result	in	substantial	costs	and	a	diversion	of	our
management’s	attention	and	resources.
We	may	fail	to	meet	our	publicly	announced	guidance	or	other	expectations	about	our	business,	which	could	cause	our	stock	price
to	decline.
We	provide	guidance	regarding	our	expected	financial	and	business	performance,	such	as	projections	regarding	sales	and	production,	as	well	as
anticipated	future	revenues,	gross	margins,	profitability	and	cash	flows.	Correctly	identifying	key	factors	affecting	business	conditions	and	predicting
future	events	is	inherently	an	uncertain	process	and	our	guidance	may	not	ultimately	be	accurate.	Our	guidance	is	based	on	certain	assumptions	such	as
those	relating	to	anticipated	production	and	sales	volumes	and	average	sales	prices,	supplier	and	commodity	costs,	and	planned	cost	reductions.	If	our
guidance	is	not	accurate	or	varies	from	actual	results	due	to	our	inability	to	meet	our	assumptions	or	the	impact	on	our	financial	performance	that	could
occur	as	a	result	of	various	risks	and	uncertainties,	the	market	value	of	our	common	stock	could	decline	significantly.
Transactions	relating	to	our	convertible	notes	may	dilute	the	ownership	interest	of	existing	stockholders,	or	may	otherwise	depress
the	price	of	our	common	stock.
The	conversion	of	some	or	all	of	the	Tesla	Convertible	Notes	or	the	Subsidiary	Convertible	Notes	would	dilute	the	ownership	interests	of	existing
stockholders	to	the	extent	we	deliver	shares	upon	conversion	of	any	of	such	notes.	Our	1.50%	Convertible	Senior	Notes	due	2018	and	the	Subsidiary
Convertible	Notes	have	been	historically,	and	the	other	Tesla	Convertible	Notes	may	become	in	the	future,	convertible	at	the	option	of	their	holders	prior
to	their	scheduled	terms	under	certain	circumstances.	If	holders	elect	to	convert	their	convertible	notes,	we	could	be	required	to	deliver	to	them	a
significant	number	of	shares	of	our	common	stock.	Any	sales	in	the	public	market	of	the	common	stock	issuable	upon	such	conversion	could	adversely
affect	prevailing	market	prices	of	our	common	stock.	In	addition,	the	existence	of	the	convertible	notes	may	encourage	short	selling	by	market
participants	because	the	conversion	of	such	notes	could	be	used	to	satisfy	short	positions,	or	anticipated	conversion	of	such	notes	into	shares	of	our
common	stock	could	depress	the	price	of	our	common	stock.
Moreover,	in	connection	with	each	issuance	of	the	Tesla	Convertible	Notes,	we	entered	into	convertible	note	hedge	transactions,	which	are
expected	to	reduce	the	potential	dilution	and/or	offset	potential	cash	payments	we	are	required	to	make	in	excess	of	the	principal	amount	upon
conversion	of	the	applicable	Tesla	Convertible	Notes.	We	also	entered	into	warrant	transactions	with	the	hedge	counterparties,	which	could	separately
have	a	dilutive	effect	on	our	common	stock	to	the	extent	that	the	market	price	per	share	of	our	common	stock	exceeds	the	applicable	strike	price	of	the
warrants	on	the	applicable	expiration	dates.	In	addition,	the	hedge	counterparties	or	their	affiliates	may	enter	into	various	transactions	with	respect	to
their	hedge	positions,	which	could	also	cause	or	prevent	an	increase	or	a	decrease	in	the	market	price	of	our	common	stock	or	the	convertible	notes.
Elon	Musk	has	pledged	shares	of	our	common	stock	to	secure	certain	bank	borrowings.	If	Mr.	Musk	were	forced	to	sell	these	shares
pursuant	to	a	margin	call	that	he	could	not	avoid	or	satisfy,	such	sales	could	cause	our	stock	price	to	decline.
Certain	banking	institutions	have	made	extensions	of	credit	to	Elon	Musk,	our	Chief	Executive	Officer,	a	portion	of	which	was	used	to	purchase
shares	of	common	stock	in	certain	of	our	public	offerings	and	private	placements	at	the	same	prices	offered	to	third	party	participants	in	such	offerings
and	placements.	We	are	not	a	party	to	these	loans,	which	are	partially	secured	by	pledges	of	a	portion	of	the	Tesla	common	stock	currently	owned	by
	
32	
Mr.	Musk.	If	the	price	of	our	common	stock	were	to	decline	substantially	and	Mr.	Musk	were	unable	to	avoid	or	satisfy	a	margin	call	with	respect	to	his
pledged	shares,	Mr.	Musk	may	be	forced	by	one	or	more	of	the	banking	institutions	to	sell	shares	of	Tesla	common	stock	in	order	to	remain	within	the
margin	limitations	imposed	under	the	terms	of	his	loans.	Any	such	sales	could	cause	the	price	of	our	common	stock	to	decline	further.
Anti-takeover	provisions	contained	in	our	governing	documents,	applicable	laws	and	our	convertible	notes	could	impair	a	takeover
attempt.
Our	certificate	of	incorporation	and	bylaws	afford	certain	rights	and	powers	to	our	board	of	directors
	
that	
could
	contribute	to	the	delay	or
prevention	of	an	acquisition	that	it	deems	undesirable.	We	are	also	subject	to	Section	203	of	the	Delaware	General	Corporation	Law	and	other	provisions
of	Delaware	law	that	limit	the	ability	of	stockholders	in	certain	situations	to	effect	certain	business	combinations.	In	addition,	the	terms	of	our	convertible
notes	require	us	to	repurchase	such	notes	in	the	event	of	a	fundamental	change,	including	a	takeover	of	our	company.	Any	of	the	foregoing	provisions	and
terms	that	has	the	effect	of	delaying	or	deterring	a	change	in	control	could	limit	the	opportunity	for	our	stockholders	to	receive	a	premium	for	their
shares	of	our	common	stock,	and	could	also	affect	the	price	that	some	investors	are	willing	to	pay	for	our	common	stock.
	
	
I
TEM	1B.
UNRESOLVED	STAFF	COMMENTS
None
	
	
I
TEM	2.
PROPERTIES
The	following	table	sets	forth	the	location,	approximate	size	and	primary	use	of	our	principal	leased	and	owned	facilities:
	
Location
	
Approximate
Size	(Building)
in	Square	Feet
	
	
Primary	Use
	
Lease
Expiration
Date
Fremont,	California
	
	
5,500,000
	
	
Manufacturing,	administration,	engineering,	service,	delivery
and	warehouse
	
Owned	building
Sparks,	Nevada
	
	
3,500,000
	
*
Gigafactory	1,	production	of	lithium-ion	battery	cells	and	vehicle
drive	units
	
Owned	building
Livermore,	California
	
	
1,002,703
	
	
Warehouse
	
October	2026
Fremont,	California
	
	
506,490
	
	
Administration	and	manufacturing
	
September	2029
Tilburg,	Netherlands
	
	
499,710
	
	
Manufacturing,	administration,	engineering	and	service
	
November	2023
Lathrop,	California
	
	
496,888
	
	
Manufacturing
	
Owned	building
Palo	Alto,	California
	
	
350,000
	
	
Administration	and	engineering
	
January	2020
Lathrop,	California
	
	
338,564
	
	
Warehouse	and	manufacturing
	
February	2030
Sparks,	Nevada
	
	
328,245
	
	
Warehouse
	
December	2020
Sparks,	Nevada
	
	
304,200
	
	
Warehouse
	
December	2019
Fremont,	California
	
	
302,400
	
	
Engineering
	
March	2028
Lathrop,	California
	
	
276,228
	
	
Warehouse	and	manufacturing
	
September	2024
Lathrop,	California
	
	
271,075
	
	
Manufacturing
	
May	2025
Fremont,	California
	
	
229,530
	
	
Administration
	
March	2029
Fremont,	California
	
	
199,352
	
	
Administration	and	manufacturing
	
June	2025
Draper,	Utah
	
	
154,846
	
	
Administration
	
October	2027
Hawthorne,	California
	
	
132,250
	
	
Engineering
	
December	2022
Bethlehem,	Pennsylvania
	
	
130,971
	
	
Warehouse
	
April	2022
Beijing,	China
	
	
83,119
	
	
Delivery	hub
	
April	2020
Amsterdam,	Netherlands
	
	
73,597
	
	
Administration	and	service
	
February	2024
San	Mateo,	California
	
	
68,025
	
	
Administration
	
July	2022
	
*	Gigafactory	1	is	partially	constructed	with	current	occupancy	of	3.5	million	square	feet.
	
33	
In	addition	to	the	properties	included	in	the	table	above,	we	also	lease	a	large	number	of	properties	in	North	America,	Europe	and	Asia	for	our
retail	and	service	locations,	Supercharger	sites,	solar	installation	and	maintenance	warehouses	and	regional	administrative	and	sales	offices	for	our	solar
business.	Furthermore,	we	will	begin	leasing	a	
1.1	m
illion	square	feet	solar	manufacturing	facility	(Gigafactory	2	in	Buffalo,	New	York)	upon	completion
in	2018	for	an	initial	term	of	10	years.
Our	properties	are	used	to	support	both	of	our	reporting	segments.
	
	
I
TEM	3.
LEGAL	PROCEEDINGS
Proceedings	Related	to	U.S.	Treasury
In	July	2012,	SolarCity	Corporation	(“SolarCity”),	along	with	other	companies	in	the	solar	energy	industry,	received	a	subpoena	from	the	U.S.
Treasury	Department’s	Office	of	the	Inspector	General	to	deliver	certain	documents	in	SolarCity’s	possession	that	relate	to	SolarCity’s	applications	for
U.S.	Treasury	grants.	In	February	2013,	two	financing	funds	affiliated	with	SolarCity	filed	a	lawsuit	in	the	U.S.	Court	of	Federal	Claims	against	the	U.S.
government,	seeking	to	recover	$14.0	million	that	the	U.S.	Treasury	was	obligated	to	pay,	but	failed	to	pay,	under	Section	1603	of	the	American	Recovery
and	Reinvestment	Act	of	2009.	In	February	2016,	the	U.S.	government	filed	a	motion	seeking	leave	to	assert	a	counterclaim	against	the	two	plaintiff
funds	on	the	grounds	that	the	U.S.	government,	in	fact,	paid	them	more,	not	less,	than	they	were	entitled	to	as	a	matter	of	law.	In	September	2017,
SolarCity	and	the	U.S.	government	reached	a	global	settlement	of	both	the	investigation	and	SolarCity’s	lawsuit.	In	that	settlement,	SolarCity	admitted	no
wrongdoing	and	agreed	to	return	approximately	5%	of	the	U.S.	Treasury	cash	grants	it	had	received	between	2009	and	2013,	amounting	to	$29.5	million.
The	investigation	is	now	closed	and	SolarCity’s	lawsuit	has	been	dismissed.
Securities	Litigation	Relating	to	SolarCity’s	Financial	Statements	and	Guidance
On	March	28,	2014,	a	purported	stockholder	class	action	was	filed	in	the	U.S.	District	Court	for	the	Northern	District	of	California	against
SolarCity	and	two	of	its	officers.	The	complaint	alleges	violations	of	federal	securities	laws,	and	seeks	unspecified	compensatory	damages	and	other	relief
on	behalf	of	a	purported	class	of	purchasers	of	SolarCity’s	securities	from	March	6,	2013	to	March	18,	2014.	After	a	series	of	amendments	to	the	original
complaint,	the	District	Court	dismissed	the	amended	complaint	and	entered	a	judgment	in	our	favor	on	August	9,	2016.	The	plaintiffs	have	filed	a	notice
of	appeal.	On	December	4,	2017,	the	Court	heard	oral	argument	on	plaintiffs’	notice	of	appeal	from	the	dismissal.	We	believe	that	the	claims	are	without
merit	and	intend	to	defend	against	this	lawsuit	and	appeal	vigorously.	We	are	unable	to	estimate	the	possible	loss	or	range	of	loss,	if	any,	associated	with
this	lawsuit.
On	August	15,	2016,	a	purported	stockholder	class	action	lawsuit	was	filed	in	the	U.S.	District	Court	for	the	Northern	District	of	California	against
SolarCity,	two	of	its	officers	and	a	former	officer.	On	March	20,	2017,	the	purported	stockholder	class	filed	a	consolidated	complaint	that	includes	the	original
matter	in	the	same	court	against	SolarCity,	one	of	its	officers	and	three	former	officers.	As	consolidated,	the	complaint	alleges	that	SolarCity	made	projections
of	future	sales	and	installations	that	it	failed	to	achieve	and	that	these	projections	were	fraudulent	when	made.	The	suit	claimed	violations	of	federal	securities
laws	and	sought	unspecified	compensatory	damages	and	other	relief	on	behalf	of	a	purported	class	of	purchasers	of	SolarCity’s	securities	from	May	6,	2015	to
May	9,	2016.	On	July	25,	2017,	the	court	took	SolarCity’s	fully-briefed	motion	to	dismiss	under	submission.	On	August	11,	2017,	the	court	granted	the	motion
to	dismiss	with	leave	to	amend.	On	September	11,	2017,	after	lead	plaintiff	determined	he	would	not	amend,	the	Court	dismissed	the	action	with	prejudice	and
entered	judgment	in	favor	of	SolarCity	and	the	individual	defendants.
Securities	Litigation	Relating	to	the	SolarCity	Acquisition
Between	September	1,	2016	and	October	5,	2016,	seven	lawsuits	were	filed	in	the	Court	of	Chancery	of	the	State	of	Delaware	by	purported
stockholders	of	Tesla	challenging	our	acquisition	of	SolarCity.	Following	consolidation,	the	lawsuit	names	as	defendants	the	members	of	Tesla’s	board	of
directors	and	alleges,	among	other	things,	that	board	members	breached	their	fiduciary	duties	in	connection	with	the	acquisition.	The	complaint	asserts	both
derivative	claims	and	direct	claims	on	behalf	of	a	purported	class	and	seeks,	among	other	relief,	unspecified	monetary	damages,	attorneys’	fees,	and	costs.
On	January	27,	2017,	the	defendants	filed	a	motion	to	dismiss	the	operative	complaint.	Rather	than	respond	to	the	defendants’	motion,	the	plaintiffs	filed	an
amended	complaint.	On	March	17,	2017,	the	defendants	filed	a	motion	to	dismiss	the	amended	complaint.	On	December	13,	2017,	the	Court	heard	oral
argument	on
	
34	
the	motion	and	reserved	decision.	These	same	plaintiffs	filed	a	parallel	action	in	the	U
.
S
.
	District	Court	for	the	District	of	Delaware	on	April	21,	2017,	adding
claims	for	violations	of	the	federal	securities	laws.
On	February	6,	2017,	a	purported	stockholder	made	a	demand	to	inspect	Tesla’s	books	and	records,	purportedly	to	investigate	potential	breaches	of
fiduciary	duty	in	connection	with	the	SolarCity	acquisition.	On	April	17,	2017,	the	purported	stockholder	filed	a	petition	for	a	writ	of	mandate	in	California
Superior	Court,	seeking	to	compel	Tesla	to	provide	the	documents	requested	in	the	demand.	Tesla	filed	a	demurrer	to	the	writ	petition	or,	in	the	alternative,	a
motion	to	stay	the	action.	On	November	9,	2017,	the	court	granted	Tesla’s	motion	and	dismissed	the	action	without	prejudice.
On	March	24,	2017,	another	lawsuit	was	filed	in	the	U.S.	District	Court	for	the	District	of	Delaware	by	a	purported	Tesla	stockholder	challenging
the	SolarCity	acquisition.	The	complaint	alleges,	among	other	things,	that	Tesla’s	board	of	directors	breached	their	fiduciary	duties	in	connection	with	the
acquisition	and	alleges	violations	of	the	federal	securities	laws.
We	believe	that	claims	challenging	the	SolarCity	acquisition	are	without	merit.	We	are	unable	to	estimate	the	possible	loss	or	range	of	loss,	if	any,
associated	with	these	claims.
Securities	Litigation	Relating	to	Production	of	Model	3	Vehicles
On	October	10,	2017,	a	purported	stockholder	class	action	was	filed	in	the	U.S.	District	Court	for	the	Northern	District	of	California	against	Tesla,
Inc.,	two	of	its	current	officers,	and	a	former	officer.	The	complaint	alleges	violations	of	federal	securities	laws,	and	seeks	unspecified	compensatory
damages	and	other	relief	on	behalf	of	a	purported	class	of	purchasers	of	Tesla	securities	from	May	4,	2016	to	October	6,	2017.	The	lawsuit	claims	that
Tesla	supposedly	made	materially	false	and	misleading	statements	regarding	the	Company’s	preparedness	to	produce	Model	3	vehicles.	We	believe	that
the	claims	are	without	merit	and	intend	to	defend	against	this	lawsuit	vigorously.	We	are	unable	to	estimate	the	possible	loss	or	range	of	loss,	if	any,
associated	with	this	lawsuit.
Other	Matters
From	time	to	time,	we	have	received	requests	for	information	from	regulators	and	governmental	authorities,	such	as	the	National	Highway	Traffic
Safety	Administration,	the	National	Transportation	Safety	Board	and	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	We	are	also	subject	to	various	other	legal
proceedings	and	claims	that	arise	from	the	normal	course	of	business	activities.	If	an	unfavorable	ruling	were	to	occur,	there	exists	the	possibility	of	a
material	adverse	impact	on	our	results	of	operations,	prospects,	cash	flows,	financial	position	and	brand.
	
	
I
TEM	4.
MINE	SAFETY	DISCLOSURES
Not	applicable
	
	
	
	
35	
P
ART	II
I
TEM	5.
MARKET	FOR	REGISTRANT’S	COMMON	EQUITY,	RELATED	STOCKHOLDER	MATTERS	AND	ISSUER	PURCHASES	OF
EQUITY	SECURITIES
Market	Information
Our	common	stock	has	traded	on	The	NASDAQ	Global	Select	Market	under	the	symbol	“TSLA”	since	it	began	trading	on	June	29,	2010.	Our	initial
public	offering	was	priced	at	$17.00	per	share	on	June	28,	2010.	The	following	table	sets	forth,	for	the	time	period	indicated,	the	high	and	low	closing
prices	of	our	common	stock	as	reported	on	The	NASDAQ	Global	Select	Market:
	
	
	
2017
	
	
2016
	
	
	
High
	
	
Low
	
	
High
	
	
Low
	
First	quarter
	
$
280.98
	
	
$
216.99
	
	
$
238.32
	
	
$
143.67
	
Second	quarter
	
$
383.45
	
	
$
295.00
	
	
$
265.42
	
	
$
193.15
	
Third	quarter
	
$
385.00
	
	
$
308.83
	
	
$
234.79
	
	
$
194.47
	
Fourth	quarter
	
$
359.65
	
	
$
299.26
	
	
$
219.74
	
	
$
181.45
	
Holders
As	of	January	31,	2018,	there	were	1,156	holders	of	record	of	our	common	stock.	A	substantially	greater	number	of	holders	of	our	common	stock
are	“street	name”	or	beneficial	holders,	whose	shares	are	held	by	banks,	brokers	and	other	financial	institutions.
Dividend	Policy
We	have	never	declared	or	paid	cash	dividends	on	our	common	stock.	We	currently	do	not	anticipate	paying	any	cash	dividends	in	the	foreseeable
future.	Any	future	determination	to	declare	cash	dividends	will	be	made	at	the	discretion	of	our	board	of	directors,	subject	to	applicable	laws,	and	will
depend	on	our	financial	condition,	results	of	operations,	capital	requirements,	general	business	conditions	and	other	factors	that	our	board	of	directors
may	deem	relevant.
	
36	
Stock	Performance	Graph
This	performance	graph	shall	not	be	deemed	“filed”	for	purposes	of	Section	18	of	the	Securities	Exchange	Act	of	1934,	as	amended	(the
“Exchange	Act”),	or	incorporated	by	reference	into	any	filing	of	Tesla,	Inc.	under	the	Securities	Act	of	1933,	as	amended	(the	“Securities	Act”),	or	the
Exchange	Act,	except	as	shall	be	expressly	set	forth	by	specific	reference	in	such	filing.
The	following	graph	shows	a	comparison,	from	January	1,	2013	through	December	31,	2017,	of	the	cumulative	total	return	on	our	common	stock,
The	NASDAQ	Composite	Index	and	a	group	of	all	public	companies	sharing	the	same	SIC	code	as	us,	which	is	SIC	code	3711,	“Motor	Vehicles	and
Passenger	Car	Bodies”	(Motor	Vehicles	and	Passenger	Car	Bodies	Public	Company	Group).	Such	returns	are	based	on	historical	results	and	are	not
intended	to	suggest	future	performance.	Data	for	The	NASDAQ	Composite	Index	and	the	Motor	Vehicles	and	Passenger	Car	Bodies	Public	Company
Group	assumes	an	investment	of	$100	on	January	1,	2013	and	reinvestment	of	dividends.	We	have	never	declared	or	paid	cash	dividends	on	our	common
stock	nor	do	we	anticipate	paying	any	such	cash	dividends	in	the	foreseeable	future.
	
	
Unregistered	Sales	of	Equity	Securities
Exchange	of	Certain	1.50%	Convertible	Senior	Notes	Due	2018
On	November	15,	2017,	we	issued	96,634	shares	of	our	common	stock	to	a	holder	of	our	1.50%	Convertible	Senior	Notes	due	2018	in	exchange
for	$12.0	million	in	aggregate	principal	amount	of	such	notes,	pursuant	to	a	privately	negotiated	agreement.	Such	issuance	was	conducted	pursuant	to	an
exemption	from	registration	provided	by	Rule	4(a)(2)	of	the	Securities	Act.	We	relied	on	this	exemption	from	registration	based	in	part	on	the
representations	made	by	the	holder	of	such	notes	in	the	transaction.
In	connection	with	the	offering	of	such	notes	in	2013,	we	sold	certain	warrants	to	Morgan	Stanley	&	Co.	LLC	(“Morgan	Stanley”).	On	November
14,	2017,	we	agreed	with	Morgan	Stanley	to	partially	terminate	such	warrants,	and	in	connection	with	such	partial	termination,	we	issued	16,960	shares
of	our	common	stock	to	Morgan	Stanley.	Such	issuance	was	conducted	as	a	private	placement	pursuant	to	an	exemption	from	registration	provided	by
Rule	4(a)(2)	of	the	Securities	Act	and	was	offered	only	to	persons	believed	to	be	either	(i)	“accredited	investors”	within	the	meaning	of	Rule	501	of
Regulation	D	promulgated	under	the	Securities	Act	or	(ii)	“qualified	institutional	buyers”	within	the	meaning	of	Rule	144A	promulgated	under	the
Securities	Act.	We	relied	on	this	exemption	from	registration	based	in	part	on	the	representations	made	by	Morgan	Stanley.
	
37	
Acquisition	of	PERBIX	Machine	Company,	Inc.
On	November	7,	2017,	we	issued	34,772	shares	of	our	common	stock	to	the	sole	shareholder	of	record	of	PERBIX	Machine	Company,	Inc.,
	a
leader	in	designing	and	building	custom,	high-quality,	highly-automated	manufacturing	equipment	
(“PERBIX”),	as	part	of	the	purchase	price	for	all	of	the
outstanding	capital	stock	of	PERBIX.	Such	issuance	was	conducted	pursuant	to	an	exemption	from	registration	provided	by	Rule	4(a)(2)	of	the	Securities
Act.	We	relied	on	this	exemption	from	registration	based	in	part	on	the	representations	made	by	the	selling	shareholder.
Purchases	of	Equity	Securities	by	the	Issuer	and	Affiliated	Purchasers
None
	
	
I
TEM	6.
SELECTED	CONSOLIDATED	FINANCIAL	DATA
The	following	selected	consolidated	financial	data	should	be	read	in	conjunction	with	“Management’s	Discussion	and	Analysis	of	Financial
Condition	and	Results	of	Operations”	and	the	consolidated	financial	statements	and	the	related	notes	included	elsewhere	in	this	Annual	Report	on
Form	10-K	(in	thousands,	except	per	share	data).
	
	
	
Year	Ended	December	31,
	
	
	
2017
	
	
2016	(1)
	
	
2015
	
	
2014
	
	
2013
	
Consolidated	Statements	of	Operations	Data:
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Total	revenues
	
$
11,758,751
	
	
$
7,000,132
	
	
$
4,046,025
	
	
$
3,198,356
	
	
$
2,013,496
	
Gross	profit
	
$
2,222,487
	
	
$
1,599,257
	
	
$
923,503
	
	
$
881,671
	
	
$
456,262
	
Loss	from	operations
	
$
(1,632,086
)
	
$
(667,340
)
	
$
(716,629
)
	
$
(186,689
)
	
$
(61,283
)
Net	loss	attributable	to	common	stockholders
	
$
(1,961,400
)
	
$
(674,914
)
	
$
(888,663
)
	
$
(294,040
)
	
$
(74,014
)
Net	loss	per	share	of	common	stock
			attributable	to	common	stockholders,	basic
			and	diluted
	
$
(11.83
)
	
$
(4.68
)
	
$
(6.93
)
	
$
(2.36
)
	
$
(0.62
)
Weighted	average	shares	used	in	computing	net
			loss	per	share	of	common	stock,	basic
			and	diluted
	
	
165,758
	
	
	
144,212
	
	
	
128,202
	
	
	
124,539
	
	
	
119,421
	
	
(1)
We	acquired	SolarCity	on	November	21,	2016.	SolarCity’s	results	of	operations	have	been	included	in	our	results	of	operations	from	the
acquisition	date.	See	Note	3,	
Business	Combinations,	
of	the	notes	to	the	consolidated	financial	statements	for	additional	information
regarding	this	transaction.
	
	
	
As	of	December	31,
	
	
	
2017
	
	
2016	(1)
	
	
2015
	
	
2014
	
	
2013
	
Consolidated	Balance	Sheet	Data:
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Working	(deficit)	capital
	
$
(1,104,150
)
	
$
432,791
	
	
$
(29,029
)
	
$
1,072,907
	
	
$
585,665
	
Total	assets
	
	
28,655,372
	
	
	
22,664,076
	
	
	
8,067,939
	
	
	
5,830,667
	
	
	
2,411,186
	
Total	long-term	obligations
	
	
15,348,310
	
	
	
10,923,162
	
	
	
4,125,915
	
	
	
2,753,595
	
	
	
1,069,535
	
	
(1)
We	acquired	SolarCity	on	November	21,	2016.	SolarCity’s	financial	positions	have	been	included	in	our	financial	positions	from	the
acquisition	date.	See	Note	3,	
Business	Combinations,	
of	the	notes	to	the	consolidated	financial	statements	for	additional	information
regarding	this	transaction.
	
	
	
38	
I
TEM	7.
MANAGEMENT’S	DISCUSSION	AND	ANALYSIS	OF	FINANCIAL	CONDITION	AND	RESULTS	OF	OPERATIONS
The	following	discussion	and	analysis	should	be	read	in	conjunction	with	the	consolidated	financial	statements	and	the	related	notes	included
elsewhere	in	this	Annual	Report	on	Form	10-K.
Overview	and	2017	Highlights
Our	mission	is	to	accelerate	the	world’s	transition	to	sustainable	energy.	We	design,	develop,	manufacture,	lease	and	sell	high-performance	fully
electric	vehicles,	solar	energy	generation	systems	and	energy	storage	products.	We	also	offer	maintenance,	installation,	operation	and	other	services
related	to	our	products.
Automotive
Our	production	vehicle	fleet	includes	our	Model	S	premium	sedan	and	our	Model	X	sport	utility	vehicle,	which	are	our	highest-performance
vehicles,	and	our	Model	3,	a	lower	priced	sedan	designed	for	the	mass	market	which	we	began	to	produce	and	deliver	in	the	second	half	of	2017.	We
continue	to	enhance	our	vehicle	offerings	with	enhanced	autopilot	options,	Internet	connectivity	and	free	over-the-air	software	updates	to	provide
additional	safety,	convenience	and	performance	features.	In	addition,	we	have	several	future	electric	vehicles	in	our	product	pipeline,	including	those	we
unveiled	in	2017	–	an	electric	semi-truck	
and	a	new	version	of	the	Tesla	Roadster
.
In	2017,	our	vehicle	production	capability	continued	to	scale	and	gain	operational	efficiencies,	and	vehicle	production	volume	increased	by	20%
year-over-year.	Additionally,	we	delivered	101,420	Model	S	and	Model	X	vehicles	and	1,764	Model	3	vehicles	in	2017.
Energy	Generation	and	Storage
We	lease	and	sell	solar	energy	systems	and	sell	renewable	energy	and	energy	storage	products	to	our	customers.	We	have	partnered	with
Panasonic	to	provide	capital	and	operational	support	to	manufacture	PV	cells,	thus	enabling	high	volume	integrated	tile	and	PV	cell	production	at	our
Gigafactory	2	in	Buffalo,	New	York.	We	also	recently	commenced	Solar	Roof	production	at	Gigafactory	2.	Our	energy	storage	products,	which	we
manufacture	at	Gigafactory	1,	consist	of	Powerwall	mostly	for	residential	applications	and	Powerpack	for	commercial,	industrial	and	utility-scale
applications.
In	late	2017,	we	completed	installation	of	the	largest	battery	in	the	world	in	South	Australia.	This	battery	delivers	electricity	during	peak	hours	to
help	maintain	the	reliable	operation	of	South	Australia’s	electrical	infrastructure.
In	2017,	we	deployed	358	MWh	of	energy	storage	products	and	523	MW	of	solar	energy	generation.
Management	Opportunities,	Challenges	and	Risks	and	2018	Outlook
Automotive	Demand,	Production	and	Deliveries
We	drive	demand	for	our	vehicles	by	continually	improving	our	vehicles	through	over-the-air	software	updates,	expanding	our	retail,	service	and
charging	infrastructure,	and	by	periodically	developing	and	introducing	new	passenger	and	commercial	electric	vehicle	variants	and	models.	Our	goal	is
to	become	the	best	manufacturer	in	the	automotive	industry,	and	having	cutting	edge	robotic	expertise	in-house	is	at	the	core	of	that	goal.	Our	recent
acquisitions	of	advanced	automation	companies	have	added	to	our	talent	base	and	are	helping	us	increase	vehicle	production	rates	more	effectively.
The	worldwide	automotive	market	for	alternative	fuel	vehicles	and	self-driving	technology	are	highly	competitive	and	we	expect	them	to	become
even	more	so.	Many	companies	including	established	automakers	have	announced	plans	to	expand,	and	in	some	cases	fully	transition	to,	production	of
electric	or	environmentally	friendly	vehicles,	and	to	also	develop	self-driving	technologies.	We	welcome	the	acceleration	of	the	world’s	transition	to
sustainable	transport.	Nonetheless,	we	believe	that	the	unique	features	of	our	vehicles,	our	constant	innovation,	our	growing	brand,	the	increased
affordability	introduced	with	Model	3,	our	global	Supercharger	network	and	our	future	vehicles,	will	continue	to	generate	incremental	demand	for	our
vehicles	by	making	our	vehicles	accessible	to	larger	and	previously	untapped	consumer	and	commercial	markets.
	
39	
We	expect	Model	S	and	Model	X	deliveries	to	be	approximately	100,000	in	total
	in	2018
,	constrained	by	the	supply	of	cells	with	the	18650	form
factor
	used	in	those	vehicles
.	As	our	sales	network	continues	to	expand	to	new	markets	in	2018,	we	believe	
vehicle	orders	should	continue	to	grow
.	With
demand	outpacing	production,	we	plan	to	optimize	the	trim	and	option	mix	in	order	to	
optimize	revenue	and	
gross	margin.
	W
e	have	made	significant	and
sustained	progress	in	the	production	processes
	of	Model	S	and	Model	X
,	and	we	
will	continue	to	improve	manufacturing	efficiencies	for	these	vehicles	in
2018.
We	expect	Model	3	production	and	deliveries	to	grow	significantly	in	2018.	The	initial	phase	of	manufacturing	any	new	vehicle	is	always
challenging,	and	the	Model	3	production	ramp	has	been	no	exception,	particularly	given	our	focus	on	highly	automated	manufacturing	processes,	that	we
expect	will	ultimately	result	in	higher	volumes	at	significantly	lower	costs.	Model	3	volume	production	has	been	less	than	we	initially	anticipated	due	to
production	bottlenecks,	with	the	battery	module	assembly	line	at	Gigafactory	1	being	the	primary	production	constraint	to	date,	although	future
bottlenecks	in	other	areas	of	vehicle	manufacturing	may	surface.	We	have	redirected	our	best	engineering	talent	to	Gigafactory	1	to	fine-tune	the
automated	processes	and	related	robotic	programming	not	only	to	address	the	challenges	we	have	experienced	but	also	to	continue	evaluating	our	overall
manufacturing	process	for	efficiencies.
Based	on	our	current	progress,	we	are	targeting	a	production	rate	of	2,500	Model	3	vehicles	per	week	by	the	end	of	the	first	quarter	of	2018	and
5,000	Model	3	vehicles	per	week	by	the	end	of	the	second	quarter.	It	is	important	to	note	that	while	these	are	the	levels	we	are	focused	on	hitting	and	we
have	plans	in	place	to	achieve	them,	our	prior	experience	on	the	Model	3	ramp	has	demonstrated	the	difficulty	of	accurately	forecasting	specific
production	rates	at	specific	points	in	time.	We	are	systematically	addressing	bottlenecks	and	adding	capacity	and	resources	in	places	like	the	battery
module	line	where	we	have	experienced	constraints,	and	these	actions	should	result	in	our	Model	3	production	rate	significantly	increasing	during	the
first	half	of	2018.	In	some	cases,	we	may	not	achieve	the	manufacturing	labor	efficiencies	until	we	ramp	up	to	fully	automated	manufacturing	lines,	which
may	take	us	longer	than	anticipated.		In	order	to	optimize	the	incremental	improvement	of	our	automation	processes	and	the	efficiency	of	our	capital
expenditures,	we	will	implement	the	capacity	to	further	ramp	production	to	10,000	units	per	week	only	after	we	have	achieved	a	5,000	units	per	week	run
rate.
We	are	also	making	strides	in	other	aspects	of	our	vehicle	production,	deliveries	and	customer	infrastructure.	For	example,	we	expect	to	continue
to	lower	the	cost	of	manufacturing	our	vehicles	due	to	economies	of	scale,	material	cost	reductions	and	more	efficient	manufacturing	and	equipment
utilization.	We	have	achieved	cost	improvements	through	material	cost	reductions	from	both	engineering	and	commercial	actions	and	increased
manufacturing	efficiencies	including	better	inventory	control	for	Model	S	and	Model	X.	We	have	also	seen	improved	product	reliability	in	our	vehicles,
batteries	and	drive	units.	Likewise,	we	may	experience	infrastructure	constraints	and	customer	experience	issues	relating	to	vehicle	deliveries,	but	are
trying	to	address	such	issues	by	opening	additional	delivery	and	service	centers	to	scale	the	volume	of	vehicles	we	are	able	to	deliver.	Generally,	as	sales
of	Tesla	vehicles	ramp	in	2018,	we	plan	to	continue	to	open	new	Tesla	retail,	locations,	service	centers	and	delivery	hubs	around	the	world,	we	plan
continue	to	expand	our	mobile	repair	services,	and	we	plan	to	significantly	increase	the	number	of	Superchargers	and	Destination	Charging	connectors
globally	with	the	goal	of	remaining	ahead	of	the	Model	3	ramp.
We	are	also	making	progress	with	our	self-driving	technology.	An	overhaul	of	the	underlying	architecture	of	our	software	has	been	completed,
which	has	enabled	a	step-change	improvement	in	the	collection	and	analysis	of	data	and	fundamentally	enhanced	its	machine	learning	capabilities.	The
aggregate	of	such	data	and	learnings,	which	we	refer	to	as	our	“neural	net,”	is	able	to	collect	and	analyze	more	high-quality	data	than	ever	before,
enabling	us	to	rollout	a	series	of	new	autopilot	features	in	2018	and	beyond.
Energy	Generation	and	Storage	Demand,	Production	and	Deployment
We	are	continuing	to	reduce	customer	acquisition	costs	of	our	energy	generation	products,	including	by	cutting	advertising	spend	and
increasingly	selling	these	products	in	Tesla	stores	with	dedicated	energy	product	sales	personnel	and	leveraging	channel	partnerships.	Moreover,	we
have	deemphasized	absolute	volume	growth	for	our	solar	products,	and	we	have	instead	prioritized	projects	for	cash	generation	and	profitability.	Solar
Roof	installations	will	initially	ramp	slowly	in	the	first	half	of	2018.	As	Solar	Roof	is	truly	the	first-of-its-kind	and	there	is	significant	complexity	in	both	its
manufacturing	and	installation,	we	are	deliberately	ramping	production	at	a	gradual	pace	to
	
40	
ensure	reliability	and	a	great	customer	experience.	
With	demand	outpacing	production,	we	expect	our	backlog	to	remain	in	excess	of	one	year	for	the
next	several	quarters.
We	expect	energy	storage	products	to	experience	significant	growth,	with	our	aim	being	to	at	least	triple	our	sales	in	2018.	We	are	ramping	up
production	for	these	products	at	our	Gigafactory	1	over	the	next	several	quarters,	but	demand	is	greater	than	our	current	production	capacity	for	energy
storage.
We	expect	energy	generation	and	storage	gross	margin	to	improve	significantly	in	2018	as	we	enter	the	year	with	a	backlog	of	higher-margin
commercial	solar	projects	and	a	more	profitable	energy	storage	business	due	to	overall	cost	and	manufacturing	efficiencies	from	scaling.
Trends	in	Cash	Flow,	Capital	Expenditures	and	Operating	Expenses
Capital	expenditures	in	2018	are	projected	to	be	slightly	more	than	2017,	with	the	majority	of	the	spending	to	support	increases	in	Model	3
production	capacity	at	Gigafactory	1	and	the	Tesla	Factory,	and	for	building	additional	stores,	service	centers	and	Superchargers.
We	expect	operating	expenses	to	grow	in	2018	as	compared	to	2017,	although	operating	expenses	should	decrease	significantly	as	a	percentage
of	revenue	due	to	the	significant	increase	in	expected	revenue	in	2018	and	as	we	focus	on	increasing	operational	efficiency.	The	growth	in	operating
expense	will	mainly	be	driven	by	engineering,	design	and	testing	of	new	products	or	changes	to	existing	products	and	higher	sales	and	service	costs
associated	with	expanding	our	worldwide	geographic	presence.	In	addition,	we	expect	operating	expenses	to	increase	as	a	result	of	increased	selling,
general	and	administrative	expenses	incurred	by	our	energy	generation	and	storage	business.
We	are	seeking	stockholder	approval	for	a	new	10-year	CEO	performance	award	for	Elon	Musk	with	vesting	contingent	on	achieving	market
capitalization	and	operational	milestones.	If	Tesla	stockholders	approve	the	award,	we	would	incur	significant	
additional	stock-based	compensation
expense	over	the	term	of	the	award	as	each	performance	milestone	becomes	probable	of	vesting.
Automotive	Financing	Options
We	offer	loans	and	leases	for	our	vehicles	in	certain	markets	in	North	America,	Europe	and	Asia	primarily	through	various	financial
institutions.	We	offered	resale	value	guarantees	or	similar	buy-back	terms	to	all	direct	customers	who	purchase	vehicles	and	who	financed	their	vehicle
through	one	of	our	specified	commercial	banking	partners.	Subsequent	to	June	30,	2016,	this	program	is	available	only	in	certain	international
markets.	Resale	value	guarantees	available	for	exercise	within	the	12	months	following	December	31,	2017	totaled	$
375.7
	million	in	value.
We	plan	to	adopt	the	new	revenue	recognition	standard	ASC	606	effective	January	1,	2018.	This	will	impact	the	way	we	account	for	vehicle	sales
with	a	resale	value	guarantee	and	vehicles	leased	through	our	leasing	partners,	which	now	will	qualify	to	be	accounted	for	as	sales	with	a	right	of	return.
In	addition,	for	certain	vehicles	sales	with	a	resale	value	guarantee	and	vehicles	leased	through	leasing	partners	prior	to	2018,	we	will	cease	recognizing
lease	revenue	starting	in	2018	and	record	the	associated	cumulative	adjustment	to	equity	under	the	modified	retrospective	approach.
Vehicle	deliveries	with	the	resale	value	guarantee	do	not	impact	our	near-term	cash	flows	and	liquidity,	since	we	receive	the	full	amount	of	cash
for	the	vehicle	sales	price	at	delivery.	While	we	do	not	assume	any	credit	risk	related	to	the	customer,	if	a	customer	exercises	the	option	to	return	the
vehicle	to	us,	we	are	exposed	to	liquidity	risk	that	the	resale	value	of	vehicles	under	these	programs	may	be	lower	than	our	guarantee,	or	the	volume	of
vehicles	returned	to	us	may	be	higher	than	our	estimates	or	we	may	be	unable	to	resell	the	used	cars	in	a	timely	manner,	all	of	which	could	adversely
impact	our	cash	flows.	Through	2017,	we	only	had	an	insignificant	number	of	customers	who	exercised	their	resale	value	guarantees	and	returned	their
vehicles	to	us.	Based	on	current	market	demand	for	our	cars,	we	estimate	the	resale	prices	for	our	vehicles	will	continue	to	be	above	our	resale	value
guarantee	amounts.	Should	market	values	of	our	vehicles	or	customer	demand	decrease,	these	estimates	may	be	impacted	materially.
We	currently	offer	vehicle	leases	in	the	U.S.	for	Model	S	and	Model	X	directly	from	Tesla	Finance,	our	captive	financing	entity,	as	well	as	through
leasing	partners.	Leasing	through	Tesla	Finance	is	available	in	39	states	and	the	District	of	Columbia.	We	also	offer	financing	arrangements	through	our
entities	in	Canada,	Germany	and	the
	
41	
United	Kingdom.	Leasing	through	our	captive	financing	entities	and	our	leasing	partners	exposes	us	to	residual	value	risk
.	
In	addition,	for	leases	offered
directly	from	our	captive	financing	entities
,	we	
assume	customer	credit	risk.	We	plan	to	continue	expanding	our	financing	offerings,	including	our	lease
financing	options	and	the	financial	sources	to	support	them,	and	to	support	the	overall	financing	needs	of	our	customers.	To	the	extent	that	we	are	unable
to	arrange	such	options	for	our	customers	on	terms	that	are	attractive,	our	sales,	financial	results	and	cash	flows	could	be	negatively	impacted.
Energy	Generation	and	Storage	Financing	Options
We	offer	our	customers	the	choice	to	either	purchase	and	own	solar	energy	systems	or	to	purchase	the	energy	that	our	solar	energy	systems
produce	through	various	contractual	arrangements.	These	contractual	arrangements	include	long-term	leases	and	power	purchase	agreements.	In	both
structures,	we	install	our	solar	energy	systems	at	our	customer’s	premises	and	charge	the	customer	a	monthly	fee.	In	the	lease	structure,	this	monthly
payment	is	fixed	with	a	minimum	production	guarantee.	In	the	power	purchase	agreement	structure,	we	charge	customers	a	fee	per	kilowatt-hour,	or
kWh,	based	on	the	amount	of	electricity	the	solar	energy	system	actually	produces.	The	leases	and	power	purchase	agreements	are	typically	for	20	years
with	a	renewal	option,	and	generally	when	there	is	no	upfront	prepayment,	the	specified	monthly	fees	are	subject	to	annual	escalations.
For	customers	who	want	to	purchase	and	own	solar	energy	systems,	we	also	
offer	solar	loans,	whereby	a	third-party	lender	provides	financing
directly	to	a	qualified	customer	to	enable	the	customer	to	purchase	and	own	a	solar	energy	system	designed,	installed	and	serviced	by	us.	We	enter	into	a
standard	solar	energy	system	sale	and	installation	agreement	with	the	customer.	Separately,	the	customer	enters	into	a	loan	agreement	with	a	third-party
lender,	who	finances	the	full	purchase	price.	We	are	not	a	party	to	the	loan	agreement	between	the	customer	and	the	third-party	lender,	and	the	third-
party	lender	has	no	recourse	against	us	with	respect	to	the	loan.
Gigafactory	1
We	continue	to	develop	Gigafactory	1	as	a	facility	where	we	work	together	with	our	suppliers	to	integrate	production	of	battery	material,	cells,
modules,	battery	packs	and	drive	units	in	one	location	for	vehicles	and	energy	storage	products.	We	also	continue	to	invest	in	the	future	expansion	of
Gigafactory	1	and	in	production	equipment	for	battery	cell,	module	and	pack	production.
Panasonic	has	partnered	with	us	on	Gigafactory	1	with	investments	in	the	production	equipment	that	it	uses	to	manufacture	and	supply	us	with
battery	cells.	Under	our	arrangement	with	Panasonic,	we	plan	to	purchase	the	full	output	from	their	production	equipment	at	negotiated	prices.	As	these
terms	convey	to	us	the	right	to	use,	as	defined	in	ASC	840,	
Leases
,	their	production	equipment,	we	consider	them	to	be	leased	assets	when	production
commences.	This	results	in	us	recording	the	value	of	their	production	equipment	within	property,	plant	and	equipment,	net,	on	the	consolidated	balance
sheets	with	a	corresponding	liability	recorded	to	financing	obligations.	For	all	suppliers	and	partners	for	which	we	plan	to	purchase	the	full	output	from
their	production	equipment	located	at	Gigafactory	1,	we	will	apply	similar	accounting.	During	the	year	ended	December	31,	2017,	we	recorded
$473.3	million	on	the	consolidated	balance	sheet.
While	we	currently	believe	that	our	progress	at	Gigafactory	1	will	allow	us	to	reach	our	production	targets,	our	ultimate	ability	to	do	so	will
require	us	to	resolve	the	types	of	challenges	that	are	typical	of	a	production	ramp.	For	example,	we	have	experienced	bottlenecks	in	the	assembly	of
battery	modules	at	Gigafactory	1,	which	has	negatively	affected	our	production	of	Model	3.	While	we	continue	to	make	progress	to	resolve	such	issues	at
Gigafactory	1,	given	the	size	and	complexity	of	this	undertaking,	it	is	possible	that	future	events	could	result	in	the	cost	of	building	and	operating
Gigafactory	1	exceeding	our	current	expectations	and	Gigafactory	1	taking	longer	to	expand	than	we	currently	anticipate.
Gigafactory	2
We	have	an	agreement	with	the	SUNY	Foundation	for	the	construction	of	a	factory	capable	of	producing	at	least	1.0	gigawatts	of	solar	cells
annually	in	Buffalo,	New	York,	referred	to	as	Gigafactory	2.	In	December	2016,	we	entered	into	an	agreement	with	Panasonic	under	which	it	will
manufacture	custom	PV	cells	and	modules	for	us,	primarily	at	Gigafactory	2,	and	we	will	purchase	certain	quantities	of	PV	cells	and	modules	from
Panasonic	during	the	10-year	term.
	
42	
The	terms	of	our	agreement	with	the	
SUNY	
Foundation	require	us	to	comply	with	a	number	of	covenants,	and	any	failure	to	comply	with	these
covenants	could	obligate	us	to	pay	significant	amounts	to	the	
SUNY	
Foundation	and	result	in	termination	of	the	agreement.	Although	we	remain	on	track
with	our	progress	at	Gigafactory	2,	our	expectations	as	to	the	cost	of	building	the	facility,	acquiring	manufacturing	equipment	and	supporting	our
manufacturing	operations	may	prove	incorrect,	which	could	subject	us	to	significant	expenses	to	achieve	the	desired	benefits.
Other	Manufacturing
In	addition,	we	continue	to	expand	production	capacity	at	our	Tesla	Factory	and	are	exploring	additional	production	capacity	in	Asia	and	Europe.
	
	
	
Critical	Accounting	Policies	and	Estimates
The	consolidated	financial	statements	are	prepared	in	accordance	with	accounting	principles	generally	accepted	in	the	U.S.	(“GAAP”).	The
preparation	of	the	consolidated	financial	statements	requires	us	to	make	estimates	and	assumptions	that	affect	the	reported	amounts	of	assets,	liabilities,
revenues,	costs	and	expenses	and	related	disclosures.	We	base	our	estimates	on	historical	experience,	as	appropriate,	and	on	various	other	assumptions
that	we	believe	to	be	reasonable	under	the	circumstances.	Changes	in	the	accounting	estimates	are	reasonably	likely	to	occur	from	period	to	period.
Accordingly,	actual	results	could	differ	significantly	from	the	estimates	made	by	our	management.	We	evaluate	our	estimates	and	assumptions	on	an
ongoing	basis.	To	the	extent	that	there	are	material	differences	between	these	estimates	and	actual	results,	our	future	financial	statement	presentation,
financial	condition,	results	of	operations	and	cash	flows	will	be	affected.	We	believe	that	the	following	critical	accounting	policies	involve	a	greater
degree	of	judgment	and	complexity	than	our	other	accounting	policies.	Accordingly,	these	are	the	policies	we	believe	are	the	most	critical	to
understanding	and	evaluating	the	consolidated	financial	condition	and	results	of	operations.
Revenue	Recognition
We	recognize	revenue	for	products	and	services	when:	(i)	a	persuasive	evidence	of	an	arrangement	exists;	(ii)	delivery	has	occurred	and	there	are
no	uncertainties	regarding	customer	acceptance;	(iii)	pricing	or	fees	are	fixed	or	determinable	and	(iv)	collection	is	reasonably	assured.
Automotive	Segment
Automotive	revenue	includes	revenues	related	to	deliveries	of	new	vehicles,	sales	of	regulatory	credits	to	other	automotive	manufacturers	and
specific	other	elements	that	meet	the	definition	of	a	deliverable	under	multiple-element	accounting	guidance,	including	free	internet	connectivity,	free
access	to	our	Supercharger	network	and	future	free	over-the-air	software	updates.	These	other	elements	are	valued	on	a	stand-alone	basis,	and	we
recognize	their	revenue	over	our	performance	period,	which	is	generally	the	eight-year	life	of	the	vehicle,	except	for	internet	connectivity,	which	is	over
the	free	four-year	period.	If	we	sell	a	deliverable	separately,	we	use	that	pricing	to	determine	its	fair	value;	otherwise,	we	use	our	best	estimated	selling
price	by	considering	costs	used	to	develop	and	deliver	the	service,	third-party	pricing	of	similar	options	and	other	information	that	may	be	available.	At
the	time	of	revenue	recognition,	we	record	a	reserve	against	revenue	for	estimated	future	product	returns.	Such	estimates	are	based	on	historical
experience	and	were	immaterial	in	all	periods	presented.	In	addition,	any	fees	that	are	paid	or	payable	by	us	to	a	customer’s	lender,	when	we	arrange	the
financing,	would	be	recognized	as	an	offset	against	automotive	sales	revenue,	in	accordance	with	ASC	605-50,	
Customer	Payments	and	Incentives
.
Automotive	leasing	revenue	includes	revenue	recognized	under	lease	accounting	guidance	for	our	direct	leasing	programs	as	well	as	programs
with	resale	value	guarantees.	See	“Vehicle	sales	to	customers	with	a	resale	value	guarantee,”	“Vehicle	sales	to	leasing	partners	with	a	resale	value
guarantee”	and	“Direct	Vehicle	Leasing	Program”	for	further	details.
Service	and	other	revenue	consists	of	repair	and	maintenance	services,	service	plans,	merchandise,	sales	of	used	Tesla	vehicles,	sales	of	electric
vehicle	powertrain	components	and	systems	to	other	manufacturers	and	sales	of	non-Tesla	vehicle	trade-ins.
	
43	
Vehicle	sales	to	customers	with	a	resale	value	guarantee
Prior	to	June	30,	2016,	we	offered	resale	value	guarantees	or	similar	buy-back	terms	to	all	customers	who	purchased	vehicles	and	who	financed
their	vehicles	through	one	of	our	specified	commercial	banking	partners.	Since	June	30,	2016,	this	program	is	available	only	in	certain	international
markets.	Under	this	program,	customers	have	the	option	of	selling	their	vehicle	back	to	us	during	the	guarantee	period,	which	currently	is	generally	at
the	end	of	the	term	of	the	applicable	loan	or	financing	program,	for	a	determined	resale	value.	Although	we	receive	full	payment	for	the	vehicle	sales
price	at	the	time	of	delivery,	we	are	required	to	account	for	these	transactions	as	operating	leases.	The	amount	of	sale	proceeds	equal	to	the	resale	value
guarantee	is	deferred	until	the	guarantee	expires	or	is	exercised.	The	remaining	sale	proceeds	are	deferred	and	recognized	on	a	straight-line	basis	over
the	stated	guarantee	period	to	automotive	leasing	revenue.	The	guarantee	period	expires	at	the	earlier	of	the	end	of	the	guarantee	period	or	the	pay-off	of
the	initial	loan.	We	capitalize	the	cost	of	these	vehicles	on	the	consolidated	balance	sheet	as	operating	lease	vehicles,	net,	and	depreciate	their	value,	less
salvage	value,	to	cost	of	automotive	leasing	revenue	over	the	same	period.
In	cases	where	a	customer	retains	ownership	of	a	vehicle	at	the	end	of	the	guarantee	period,	the	resale	value	guarantee	liability	and	any
remaining	deferred	revenue	balances	related	to	the	vehicle	are	settled	to	automotive	leasing	revenue,	and	the	net	book	value	of	the	leased	vehicle	is
expensed	to	cost	of	automotive	leasing	revenue.	If	a	customer	returns	the	vehicle	to	us	during	the	guarantee	period,	we	purchase	the	vehicle	from	the
customer	in	an	amount	equal	to	the	resale	value	guarantee	and	settle	any	remaining	deferred	balances	to	automotive	leasing	revenue,	and	we	reclassify
the	net	book	value	of	the	vehicle	on	the	consolidated	balance	sheet	to	used	vehicle	inventory.
Vehicle	sales	to	leasing	partners	with	a	resale	value	guarantee
We	also	offer	resale	value	guarantees	in	connection	with	automobile	sales	to	certain	leasing	partners.	As	we	have	guaranteed	the	value	of	these
vehicles	and	as	the	vehicles	are	leased	to	end-customers,	we	account	for	these	transactions	as	interest	bearing	collateralized	borrowings	as	required
under	ASC	840.	Under	this	program,	cash	is	received	for	the	full	price	of	the	vehicle	and	is	recorded	within	resale	value	guarantees	for	the	long-term
portion	and	deferred	revenue	for	the	current	portion.	We	accrete	the	deferred	revenue	amount	to	automotive	leasing	revenue	on	a	straight-line	basis	over
the	guarantee	period	and	accrue	interest	expense	based	on	our	borrowing	rate.	We	capitalize	vehicles	under	this	program	to	operating	lease	vehicles,
net,	on	the	consolidated	balance	sheet,	and	we	record	depreciation	from	these	vehicles	to	cost	of	automotive	leasing	revenue	during	the	period	the
vehicle	is	under	a	lease	arrangement.	Cash	received	for	these	vehicles,	net	of	revenue	recognized	during	the	period,	is	classified	as	collateralized	lease
borrowings	within	cash	flows	from	financing	activities	in	the	consolidated	statement	of	cash	flows.
At	the	end	of	the	lease	term,	we	settle	our	liability	in	cash	by	either	purchasing	the	vehicle	from	the	leasing	partner	for	the	resale	value
guarantee	amount	or	paying	a	shortfall	to	the	guarantee	amount	the	leasing	partner	may	realize	on	the	sale	of	the	vehicle.	Any	remaining	balances	within
deferred	revenue	and	resale	value	guarantee	will	be	settled	to	automotive	leasing	revenue.	In	cases	where	the	leasing	partner	retains	ownership	of	the
vehicle	after	the	end	of	our	guarantee	period,	we	expense	the	net	value	of	the	leased	vehicle	to	cost	of	automotive	leasing	revenue.
On	a	quarterly	basis,	we	assess	the	estimated	market	values	of	vehicles	under	our	resale	value	guarantee	program	to	determine	if	we	have
sustained	a	loss	on	any	of	these	contracts.	As	we	accumulate	more	data	related	to	the	resale	values	of	our	vehicles	or	as	market	conditions	change,	there
may	be	material	changes	to	their	estimated	values.
Direct	Vehicle	Leasing	Program
We	offer	a	vehicle	leasing	program	in	certain	locations	in	the	North	America	and	Europe.	Qualifying	customers	are	permitted	to	lease	a	vehicle
directly	from	Tesla	for	up	to	48	months.	At	the	end	of	the	lease	term,	customers	have	the	option	of	either	returning	the	vehicle	to	us	or	purchasing	if	for	a
pre-determined	residual	value.	We	account	for	these	leasing	transactions	as	operating	leases,	and	we	recognize	leasing	revenues	on	a	straight-line	basis
over	the	contractual	term	and	record	the	depreciation	of	these	vehicles	to	cost	of	automotive	leasing	revenue.
	
44	
Maintenance	and	Service	Plans
We	offer	a	prepaid	maintenance	program	for	our	vehicles,	which	includes	plans	covering	maintenance	for	up	to	four	years	or	up	to	50,000	miles,
provided	these	services	are	purchased	within	a	specified	period	of	time.	The	maintenance	plans	cover	annual	inspections	and	the	replacement	of	wear
and	tear	parts,	excluding	tires	and	the	battery.	Payments	collected	in	advance	of	the	performance	of	service	are	initially	recorded	in	deferred	revenue	on
the	consolidated	balance	sheet	and	recognized	in	automotive	sales	as	we	fulfill	our	performance	obligations.
We	also	offer	an	extended	service	plan,	which	covers	the	repair	or	replacement	of	vehicle	parts	for	an	additional	four	years	or	up	to	an	additional
50,000	miles,	after	the	end	of	our	initial	New	Vehicle	Limited	Warranty,	provided	they	are	purchased	within	a	specified	period	of	time.	Payments
collected	in	advance	of	the	performance	of	service	are	initially	recorded	in	deferred	revenue	on	the	consolidated	balance	sheet	and	recognized	in
automotive	sales	ratably	over	the	service	coverage	periods.
Energy	Generation	and	Storage	Segment
For	solar	energy	systems	and	components	sales	wherein	customers	pay	the	full	purchase	price,	either	directly	or	through	the	solar	loan	program,
revenue	is	recognized	when	we	install	a	solar	energy	system	and	the	solar	energy	system	passes	inspection	by	the	utility	or	the	authority	having
jurisdiction,	provided	all	other	revenue	recognition	criteria	have	been	met.	In	instances	where	there	are	multiple	deliverables	in	a	single	arrangement,	we
allocate	the	arrangement	consideration	to	the	various	elements	in	the	arrangement	based	on	the	relative	selling	price	method.	Costs	incurred	on
residential	installations	before	the	solar	energy	systems	are	completed	are	included	in	inventories	as	work-in-progress	in	the	consolidated	balance	sheet.
However,	any	fees	that	are	paid	or	payable	by	us	to	a	solar	loan	lender	would	be	recognized	as	an	offset	against	energy	generation	and	storage	revenue,
in	accordance	with	ASC	605-50,	
Customer	Payments	and	Incentives
.	Revenue	from	an	energy	storage	product	sale	is	recognized	when	the	product	has
been	delivered,	installed	and	accepted	by	the	customer,	provided	all	other	revenue	recognition	criteria	have	been	met.
For	revenue	arrangements	where	we	are	the	lessor	under	operating	lease	agreements	for	solar	energy	systems,	including	energy	storage
products,	we	record	lease	revenue	from	minimum	lease	payments,	including	upfront	rebates	and	incentives	earned	from	such	systems,	on	a	straight-line
basis	over	the	life	of	the	lease	term,	assuming	all	other	revenue	recognition	criteria	have	been	met.	For	incentives	that	are	earned	based	on	the	amount	of
electricity	generated	by	the	system,	we	record	revenue	as	the	amounts	are	earned.	The	difference	between	the	payments	received	and	the	revenue
recognized	is	recorded	as	deferred	revenue	on	the	consolidated	balance	sheet.
For	solar	energy	systems	where	customers	purchase	electricity	from	us	under	PPAs,	we	have	determined	that	these	agreements	should	be
accounted	for,	in	substance,	as	operating	leases	pursuant	to	ASC	840.	Revenue	is	recognized	based	on	the	amount	of	electricity	delivered	at	rates
specified	under	the	contracts,	assuming	all	other	revenue	recognition	criteria	are	met.
We	record	as	deferred	revenue	any	amounts	that	are	collected	from	customers,	including	lease	prepayments,	in	excess	of	revenue	recognized.
Deferred	revenue	also	includes	the	portion	of	rebates	and	incentives	received	from	utility	companies	and	various	local	and	state	government	agencies,
which	are	recognized	as	revenue	over	the	lease	term,	as	well	as	the	fees	charged	for	remote	monitoring	service,	which	is	recognized	as	revenue	ratably
over	the	respective	customer	contract	term.
We	capitalize	initial	direct	costs	from	the	origination	of	solar	energy	system	leases	or	PPAs	(i.e.	the	incremental	cost	of	contract	administration,
referral	fees	and	sales	commissions)	as	an	element	of	solar	energy	systems,	leased	and	to	be	leased,	net,	and	subsequently	amortize	these	costs	over	the
term	of	the	related	lease	or	PPA.
Inventory	Valuation
Inventories	are	stated	at	the	lower	of	cost	or	net	realizable	value.	Cost	is	computed	using	standard	cost	for	vehicles	and	energy	storage	products,
which	approximates	actual	cost	on	a	first-in,	first-out	basis.	In	addition,	cost	for	solar	energy	systems	are	recorded	using	actual	cost.	We	record	inventory
write-downs	for	excess	or	obsolete	inventories	based	upon	assumptions	about	on	current	and	future	demand	forecasts.	If	our	inventory	on-hand	is	in
excess	of	our	future	demand	forecast,	the	excess	amounts	are	written-off.
	
45	
We	also	review	our	inventory	to	determine	whether	its	carrying	value	exceeds	the	net	amount	realizable	upon	the	ultimate	sale	of	the	inventory.
This	requires	us	to	determine	the	estimated	selling	price	of	our	vehicles	less	the	estimated	cost	to	convert	the	inventory	on-hand	into	a	finished	product.
Once	inventory	is	written-down,	a	new,	lower	cost	basis	for	that	inventory	is	established	and	subsequent	changes	in	facts	and	circumstances	do	not	result
in	the	restoration	or	increase	in	that	newly	established	cost	basis.
Should	our	estimates	of	future	selling	prices	or	production	costs	change,	additional	and	potentially	material	increases	to	this	reserve	may	be
required.	A	small	change	in	our	estimates	may	result	in	a	material	charge	to	our	reported	financial	results.
Warranties
We	provide	a	manufacturer’s	warranty	on	all	new	and	used	vehicles,	production	powertrain	components	and	systems	and	energy	products	we
sell.	In	addition,	we	also	provide	a	warranty	on	the	installation	and	components	of	the	solar	energy	systems	we	sell	for	periods	typically	between	10	to
30	years.	We	accrue	a	warranty	reserve	for	the	products	sold	by	us,	which	includes	our	best	estimate	of	the	projected	costs	to	repair	or	replace	items
under	warranty.	These	estimates	are	based	on	actual	claims	incurred	to	date	and	an	estimate	of	the	nature,	frequency	and	costs	of	future	claims.	These
estimates	are	inherently	uncertain	given	our	relatively	short	history	of	sales,	and	changes	to	our	historical	or	projected	warranty	experience	may	cause
material	changes	to	the	warranty	reserve	in	the	future.	The	warranty	reserve	does	not	include	projected	warranty	costs	associated	with	our	vehicles
subject	to	lease	accounting	and	our	solar	energy	systems	under	lease	contracts	or	PPAs,	as	the	costs	to	repair	these	warranty	claims	are	expensed	as
incurred.	The	portion	of	the	warranty	reserve	expected	to	be	incurred	within	the	next	12	months	is	included	within	accrued	liabilities	and	other	while	the
remaining	balance	is	included	within	other	long-term	liabilities	on	the	consolidated	balance	sheet.	Warranty	expense	is	recorded	as	a	component	of	cost
of	revenue.
Stock-Based	Compensation
We	use	the	fair	value	method	of	accounting	for	our	stock	options	and	restricted	stock	units	(“RSUs”)	granted	to	employees	and	our	employee
stock	purchase	plan	(the	“ESPP”)	to	measure	the	cost	of	employee	services	received	in	exchange	for	the	stock-based	awards.	The	fair	value	of	stock
options	and	ESPP	is	estimated	on	the	grant	or	offering	date	using	the	Black-Scholes	option-pricing	model.	The	Black-Scholes	option-pricing	model
requires	inputs	such	as	the	risk-free	interest	rate,	expected	term	and	expected	volatility.	These	inputs	are	subjective	and	generally	require	significant
judgment.	The	fair	value	of	RSUs	is	measured	on	the	grant	date	based	on	the	closing	fair	market	value	of	our	common	stock.	The	resulting	cost	is
recognized	over	the	period	during	which	an	employee	is	required	to	provide	service	in	exchange	for	the	awards,	usually	the	vesting	period,	which	is
generally	four	years	for	stock	options	and	RSUs	and	six	months	for	the	ESPP.	Stock-based	compensation	expense	is	recognized	on	a	straight-line	basis,
net	of	actual	forfeitures	in	the	period	(prior	to	2017,	net	of	estimated	projected	forfeitures).
For	performance-based	awards,	stock-based	compensation	expense	is	recognized	over	the	expected	performance	achievement	period	of
individual	performance	milestones	when	the	achievement	of	each	individual	performance	milestone	becomes	probable.	For	performance-based	awards
with	a	vesting	schedule	based	entirely	on	the	attainment	of	both	performance	and	market	conditions,	stock-based	compensation	expense	is	recognized	for
each	pair	of	performance	and	market	conditions	over	the	longer	of	the	expected	achievement	period	of	the	performance	and	market	conditions,	beginning
at	the	point	in	time	that	the	relevant	performance	condition	is	considered	probable	of	achievement.	The	fair	value	of	such	awards	is	estimated	on	the
grant	date	using	Monte	Carlo	simulations.
As	we	accumulate	additional	employee	stock-based	awards	data	over	time	and	as	we	incorporate	market	data	related	to	our	common	stock,	we
may	calculate	significantly	different	volatilities	and	expected	lives,	which	could	materially	impact	the	valuation	of	our	stock-based	awards	and	the	stock-
based	compensation	expense	that	we	will	recognize	in	future	periods.	Stock-based	compensation	expense	is	recorded	in	cost	of	revenue,	research	and
development	expense	and	selling,	general	and	administrative	expense.
Income	Taxes
We	are	subject	to	federal	and	state	taxes	in	the	U.S.	and	in	many	foreign	jurisdictions.	Significant	judgment	is	required	in	determining	our
provision	for	income	taxes,	our	deferred	tax	assets	and	liabilities	and	any	valuation	allowance	recorded	against	our	net	deferred	tax	assets.	We	make
these	estimates	and	judgments	about	our	future	taxable	income	that	are	based	on	assumptions	that	are	consistent	with	our	future	plans.	Tax	laws,
regulations,	and
	
46	
administrative	practices	may	be	subject	to	change	due	to	economic	or	political	conditions	including	fundamental	changes	to	the	tax	laws	applicable	to
corporate	multinationals.	The	U.S.,	many	countries	in	the	European	Union	and	a	number	of	other	countries	are	actively	considering	changes	in	this
regard.	As	of	December	31,	2017,	we	had	recorded	a	full	valuation	allowance	on	our	net	U.S.	deferred	tax	assets	because	we	expect	that	it	is	more	likely
than	not	that	our	U.S.	deferred	tax	assets	will	not	be	realized	in	the	foreseeable	future.	Should	the	actual	amounts	differ	from	our	estimates,	the	amount
of	our	valuation	allowance	could	be	materially	impacted.
Furthermore,	significant	judgment	is	required	in	evaluating	our	tax	positions.	In	the	ordinary	course	of	business,	there	are	many	transactions	and
calculations	for	which	the	ultimate	tax	settlement	is	uncertain.	As	a	result,	we	recognize	the	effect	of	this	uncertainty	on	our	tax	attributes	based	on	our
estimates	of	the	eventual	outcome.	These	effects	are	recognized	when,	despite	our	belief	that	our	tax	return	positions	are	supportable,	we	believe	that	it
is	more	likely	than	not	that	those	positions	may	not	be	fully	sustained	upon	review	by	tax	authorities.	We	are	required	to	file	income	tax	returns	in	the
U.S.	and	various	foreign	jurisdictions,	which	requires	us	to	interpret	the	applicable	tax	laws	and	regulations	in	effect	in	such	jurisdictions.	Such	returns
are	subject	to	audit	by	the	various	federal,	state	and	foreign	taxing	authorities,	who	may	disagree	with	respect	to	our	tax	positions.	We	believe	that	our
consideration	is	adequate	for	all	open	audit	years	based	on	our	assessment	of	many	factors,	including	past	experience	and	interpretations	of	tax	law.	We
review	and	update	our	estimates	in	light	of	changing	facts	and	circumstances,	such	as	the	closing	of	a	tax	audit,	the	lapse	of	a	statute	of	limitations	or	a
change	in	estimate.	To	the	extent	that	the	final	tax	outcome	of	these	matters	differs	from	our	expectations,	such	differences	may	impact	income	tax
expense	in	the	period	in	which	such	determination	is	made.	The	eventual	impact	on	our	income	tax	expense	depends	in	part	if	we	still	have	a	valuation
allowance	recorded	against	our	deferred	tax	assets	in	the	period	that	such	determination	is	made.
On	December	22,	2017,	the	2017	Tax	Cuts	and	Jobs	Act	(“Tax	Act”)	was	enacted	into	law	making	significant	changes	to	the	Internal	Revenue
Code.	Changes	include,	but	are	not	limited	to,	a	federal	corporate	tax	rate	decrease	from	35%	to	21%	for	tax	years	beginning	after	December	31,	2017,
the	transition	of	U.S.	international	taxation	from	a	worldwide	tax	system	to	a	territorial	system	and	a	one-time	transition	tax	on	the	mandatory	deemed
repatriation	of	foreign	earnings.	We	are	required	to	recognize	the	effect	of	the	tax	law	changes	in	the	period	of	enactment,	such	as	re-measuring	our	U.S.
deferred	tax	assets	and	liabilities	as	well	as	reassessing	the	net	realizability	of	our	deferred	tax	assets	and	liabilities.	The	Tax	Act	did	not	give	rise	to	any
material	impact	on	the	consolidated	balance	sheets	and	consolidated	statements	of	operations	due	to	our	historical	worldwide	loss	position	and	the	full
valuation	allowance	on	our	net	U.S.	deferred	tax	assets.
In	December	2017,	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission	staff	issued	Staff	Accounting	Bulletin	No.	118,	
Income	Tax	Accounting	Implications
of	the	Tax	Cuts	and	Jobs	Act
	(“SAB	118”),	which	allows	us	to	record	provisional	amounts	during	a	measurement	period	not	to	extend	beyond	one	year
from	the	enactment	date.	Since	the	Tax	Act	was	enacted	late	in	the	fourth	quarter	of	2017	(and	ongoing	guidance	and	accounting	interpretations	are
expected	over	the	next	12	months),	we	consider	the	accounting	of	deferred	tax	re-measurements	and	other	items,	such	as	state	tax	considerations,	to	be
incomplete	due	to	the	forthcoming	guidance	and	our	ongoing	analysis	of	final	year-end	data	and	tax	positions.	We	expect	to	complete	our	analysis	within
the	measurement	period	in	accordance	with	SAB	118.	We	do	not	expect	any	subsequent	adjustments	to	have	any	material	impact	on	the	consolidated
balance	sheets	or	statements	of	operations	due	to	our	historical	worldwide	loss	position	and	the	full	valuation	allowance	on	our	net	U.S.	deferred	tax
assets.
Principles	of	Consolidation
The	consolidated	financial	statements	reflect	our	accounts	and	operations	and	those	of	our	subsidiaries	in	which	we	have	a	controlling	financial
interest.	In	accordance	with	the	provisions	of	ASC	810,	
Consolidation
,	we	consolidate	any	variable	interest	entity	(“VIE”)	of	which	we	are	the	primary
beneficiary.	We	form	VIEs	with	our	financing	fund	investors	in	the	ordinary	course	of	business	in	order	to	facilitate	the	funding	and	monetization	of
certain	attributes	associated	with	our	solar	energy	systems.	The	typical	condition	for	a	controlling	financial	interest	ownership	is	holding	a	majority	of	the
voting	interests	of	an	entity;	however,	a	controlling	financial	interest	may	also	exist	in	entities,	such	as	VIEs,	through	arrangements	that	do	not	involve
controlling	voting	interests.	ASC	810	requires	a	variable	interest	holder	to	consolidate	a	VIE	if	that	party	has	the	power	to	direct	the	activities	of	the	VIE
that	most	significantly	impact	the	VIE’s	economic	performance	and	the	obligation	to	absorb	losses	of	the	VIE	that	could	potentially	be	significant	to	the
VIE	or	the	right	to	receive	benefits	from	the	VIE	that	could	potentially	be	significant	to	the	VIE.	We	do	not	consolidate	a	VIE	in	which	we	have	a	majority
ownership	interest	when	we	are	not
	
47	
considered	the	primary	beneficiary.	We	have	determined	that	we	are	the	primary	beneficiary	of	a	number	of	VIEs.	We	evaluate	our	relationships	with	all
the	VIEs	on	an	ongoing	basis	to	ensure	that	we	continue	to	be	the	primary	beneficiary.	All	intercompany	transactions	and	balances	have	been	eliminated
upon	consolidation.
Noncontrolling	Interests	and	Redeemable	Noncontrolling	Interests
Noncontrolling	interests	and	redeemable	noncontrolling	interests	represent	third-party	interests	in	the	net	assets	under	certain	funding
arrangements,	or	funds,	that	we	enter	into	to	finance	the	costs	of	solar	energy	systems	and	vehicles	under	operating	leases.	We	have	determined	that	the
contractual	provisions	of	the	funds	represent	substantive	profit	sharing	arrangements.	We	have	further	determined	that	the	appropriate	methodology	for
calculating	the	noncontrolling	interest	and	redeemable	noncontrolling	interest	balances	that	reflects	the	substantive	profit	sharing	arrangements	is	a
balance	sheet	approach	using	the	hypothetical	liquidation	at	book	value	(“HLBV”)	method.	We,	therefore,	determine	the	amount	of	the	noncontrolling
interests	and	redeemable	noncontrolling	interests	in	the	net	assets	of	the	funds	at	each	balance	sheet	date	using	the	HLBV	method,	which	is	presented	on
the	consolidated	balance	sheet	as	noncontrolling	interests	in	subsidiaries	and	redeemable	noncontrolling	interests	in	subsidiaries.	Under	the	HLBV
method,	the	amounts	reported	as	noncontrolling	interests	and	redeemable	noncontrolling	interests	in	the	consolidated	balance	sheet	represent	the
amounts	the	third-parties	would	hypothetically	receive	at	each	balance	sheet	date	under	the	liquidation	provisions	of	the	funds,	assuming	the	net	assets
of	the	funds	were	liquidated	at	their	recorded	amounts	determined	in	accordance	with	GAAP	and	with	tax	laws	effective	at	the	balance	sheet	date	and
distributed	to	the	third-parties.	The	third-parties’	interests	in	the	results	of	operations	of	the	funds	are	determined	as	the	difference	in	the	noncontrolling
interest	and	redeemable	noncontrolling	interest	balances	in	the	consolidated	balance	sheets	between	the	start	and	end	of	each	reporting	period,	after
taking	into	account	any	capital	transactions	between	the	funds	and	the	third-parties.	However,	the	redeemable	noncontrolling	interest	balance	is	at	least
equal	to	the	redemption	amount.	The	redeemable	noncontrolling	interest	balance	is	presented	as	temporary	equity	in	the	mezzanine	section	of	the
consolidated	balance	sheet	since	these	third-parties	have	the	right	to	redeem	their	interests	in	the	funds	for	cash	or	other	assets.
Business	Combinations
We	account	for	business	acquisitions	under	ASC	805,	
Business	Combinations
.	The	total	purchase	consideration	for	an	acquisition	is	measured	as
the	fair	value	of	the	assets	given,	equity	instruments	issued	and	liabilities	assumed	at	the	acquisition	date.	Costs	that	are	directly	attributable	to	the
acquisition	are	expensed	as	incurred.	Identifiable	assets	(including	intangible	assets),	liabilities	assumed	(including	contingent	liabilities)	and
noncontrolling	interests	in	an	acquisition	are	measured	initially	at	their	fair	values	at	the	acquisition	date.	We	recognize	goodwill	if	the	fair	value	of	the
total	purchase	consideration	and	any	noncontrolling	interests	is	in	excess	of	the	net	fair	value	of	the	identifiable	assets	acquired	and	the	liabilities
assumed.	We	recognize	a	bargain	purchase	gain	within	other	income	(expense),	net,	on	the	consolidated	statement	of	operations	if	the	net	fair	value	of
the	identifiable	assets	acquired	and	the	liabilities	assumed	is	in	excess	of	the	fair	value	of	the	total	purchase	consideration	and	any	noncontrolling
interests.	We	include	the	results	of	operations	of	the	acquired	business	in	the	consolidated	financial	statements	beginning	on	the	acquisition	date.
When	determining	such	fair	values,	we	make	significant	estimates	and	assumptions.	Critical	estimates	include,	but	are	not	limited	to,	future
expected	cash	flows	from	the	underlying	assets	and	discount	rates.	Our	estimate	of	fair	values	is	based	on	assumptions	believed	to	be	reasonable	but	that
are	inherently	uncertain	and	unpredictable.	As	a	result,	actual	results	may	differ	from	our	estimates.	Furthermore,	our	estimates	might	change	as
additional	information	becomes	available,	as	more	fully	discussed	in	Note	3,	
Business	Combinations
,	included	elsewhere	in	this	Annual	Report	on
Form	10-K.
	
	
	
48	
Results	of	Operations
Revenues
	
	
	
Year	Ended	December	31,
	
	
Change	2017	vs.	2016
	
	
Change	2016	vs.	2015
	
(Dollars	in	thousands)
	
2017
	
	
2016
	
	
2015
	
	
$
	
	
%
	
	
$
	
	
%
	
Automotive	sales
	
$
8,534,752
	
	
$
5,589,007
	
	
$
3,431,587
	
	
$
2,945,745
	
	
	
53
%
	
$
2,157,420
	
	
	
63
%
Automotive	leasing
	
	
1,106,548
	
	
	
761,759
	
	
	
309,386
	
	
	
344,789
	
	
	
45
%
	
	
452,373
	
	
	
146
%
Total	automotive
			revenues
	
	
9,641,300
	
	
	
6,350,766
	
	
	
3,740,973
	
	
	
3,290,534
	
	
	
52
%
	
	
2,609,793
	
	
	
70
%
Services	and	other
	
	
1,001,185
	
	
	
467,972
	
	
	
290,575
	
	
	
533,213
	
	
	
114
%
	
	
177,397
	
	
	
61
%
Total	automotive	&
			services	and	other
			segment	revenue
	
	
10,642,485
	
	
	
6,818,738
	
	
	
4,031,548
	
	
	
3,823,747
	
	
	
56
%
	
	
2,787,190
	
	
	
69
%
Energy	generation	and
			storage	segment	revenue
	
	
1,116,266
	
	
	
181,394
	
	
	
14,477
	
	
	
934,872
	
	
	
515
%
	
	
166,917
	
	
	
1153
%
Total	revenues
	
$
11,758,751
	
	
$
7,000,132
	
	
$
4,046,025
	
	
$
4,758,619
	
	
	
68
%
	
$
2,954,107
	
	
	
73
%
	
Automotive	&	Services	and	Other	Segment
Automotive	sales	revenue	includes	revenues	related	to	sale	of	new	Model	S,	Model	X	and	Model	3	vehicles,	including	internet	connectivity,
Supercharger	access,	and	specified	software	updates	for	cars	equipped	with	autopilot	hardware,	as	well	as	sales	of	regulatory	credits	to	other	automotive
manufacturers.
Automotive	leasing	revenue	includes	the	amortization	of	revenue	for	Model	S	and	Model	X	vehicles	sold	with	resale	value	guarantees	accounted
for	as	operating	leases	under	lease	accounting.	We	do	not	yet	offer	leasing	for	Model	3	vehicles.
Services	and	other	revenue	consists	of	maintenance	services,	sales	of	used	vehicles	and	sales	of	electric	vehicle	powertrain	components	and
systems	to	other	manufacturers.
2017	Compared	to	2016
Automotive	sales	revenue	increased	$2.95	billion,	or	53%,	during	the	year	ended	December	31,	2017	compared	to	the	year	ended	December	31,
2016,	primarily	related	to	a	58%	increase	in	deliveries	to	80,060	vehicles	resulting	from	increased	sales	of	Model	S	and	Model	X,	at	average	selling	prices
that	remained	relatively	consistent	as	compared	to	the	prior	period,	as	well	as	sales	of	1,764	Model	3	vehicles	since	its	launch	in	the	third	quarter	of
2017.	Additionally	there	was	an	increase	of	$58.0	million	to	$360.3	million	in	sales	of	regulatory	credits	offset	partially	by	additional	deferrals	of	autopilot
2.0	revenue	in	the	year	ended	December	31,	2017.
Automotive	leasing	revenue	increased	$344.8	million,	or	45%,	during	the	year	ended	December	31,	2017	compared	to	the	year	ended
December	31,	2016.	The	increase	was	primarily	due	to	an	approximately	30%	increase	in	the	number	of	vehicles	under	leasing	programs	or	programs
with	a	resale	value	guarantee	compared	to	the	year	ended	December	31,	2016.	In	addition,	during	the	year	ended	December	31,	2017,	we	recognized	an
increase	of	$23.4	million	of	automotive	leasing	revenue	upon	early	payoff	and	expiration	of	resale	value	guarantees	as	compared	to	the	year	ended
December	31,	2016.
Service	and	other	revenue	increased	$533.2	million,	or	114%,	during	the	year	ended	December	31,	2017	compared	to	the	year	ended
December	31,	2016.	This	was	primarily	due	to	an	increase	in	used	vehicle	sales	as	a	result	of	increased	automotive	sales	as	well	as	from	the	expansion	of
our	trade-in	program.	Additionally,	there	was	a	$41.1	million	increase	from	the	inclusion	of	engineering	service	revenue	from	Grohmann,	which	we
acquired	on	January	3,	2017,	and	a	$68.4	million	increase	in	maintenance	services	revenue	as	our	fleet	continued	to	grow	during	the	year	ended
December	31,	2017.
	
49	
2016	Compared	to	2015
Automotive	sales	revenue	increased	$2.16	billion,	or	63%	to	$5.59	billion	during	the	year	ended	December	31,	2016	compared	to	the	year	ended
December	31,	2015,	primarily	related	to	a	55%	increase	in	vehicle	deliveries	to	approximately	50,700.	The	increase	in	volume	is	primarily	due	to	a	full-
year	of	Model	X	deliveries	in	2016,	as	well	as	increased	production	and	sales	of	Model	S.	Further,	there	was	an	overall	increase	in	average	selling	price	of
6%	primarily	due	to	the	introduction	of	Model	X	which	are	higher	priced	vehicles	compared	to	Model	S.	In	addition,	there	is	an	increase	of	$133.4	million
to	$302.3	million	of	the	sale	of	regulatory	credits	from	the	year	ended	December	31,	2015	to	the	corresponding	period	in	2016.	These	increases	were
partially	offset	by	negative	impact	from	the	movement	of	foreign	currency	exchange	rates.
Automotive	leasing	revenue	increased	$452.4	million,	or	146%,	to	$761.8	million	during	the	year	ended	December	31,	2016	compared	to	the	year
ended	December	31,	2015.	The	increase	was	primarily	due	to	an	83%	increase	in	cumulative	vehicle	deliveries	under	leasing	programs	and	programs
with	a	resale	value	guarantee	from	the	year	ended	December	31,	2015	to	the	year	ended	December	31,	2016.	In	addition,	during	the	year	ended
December	31,	2016,	we	recognized	$112.6	million	in	automotive	leasing	revenue	upon	the	expiration	of	resale	value	guarantees.
Service	and	other	revenue	increased	$177.4	million,	or	61%,	to	$468.0	million	during	the	year	ended	December	31,	2016	compared	to	the	year
ended	December	31,	2015,	primarily	due	to	an	increase	of	$117.4	million	in	used	vehicle	sales	as	we	received	more	trade-ins	and	an	increase	in
maintenance	service	revenue	of	$66.6	million	as	our	fleet	continues	to	grow.
Energy	Generation	and	Storage	Segment
Energy	generation	and	storage	revenue	includes	sale	of	solar	energy	systems	and	energy	storage	products,	leasing	revenue	from	solar	energy
systems	under	operating	leases	and	PPAs	and	the	sale	of	solar	energy	systems	incentives.
2017	Compared	to	2016
Energy	generation	and	storage	revenue	increased	by	$934.9	million,	or	515%,	during	the	year	ended	December	31,	2017	compared	to	the	year
ended	December	31,	2016,	predominantly	due	to	the	inclusion	of	the	full-year	of	revenue	from	our	solar	business,	which	we	gained	by	acquiring	SolarCity
on	November	21,	2016.
2016	Compared	to	2015
Energy	generation	and	storage	revenue	increased	$166.9	million,	or	1,153%,	primarily	due	to	$84.1	million	as	a	result	of	the	inclusion	of	revenue
from	SolarCity	from	the	acquisition	date	of	November	21,	2016	through	December	31,	2016,	as	well	as	an	increase	of	$82.8	million	in	energy	storage
revenue	as	we	ramped	up	our	energy	storage	sales	effort	and	completed	several	utility	scale	projects	such	as	
Southern	California	Edison	Mira	Loma
substation
.
	
50	
Cost	of	Revenues	and	Gross	Margin
	
	
	
Year	Ended	December	31,
	
	
Change	2017	vs.	2016
	
	
Change	2016	vs.	2015
	
(Dollars	in	thousands)
	
2017
	
	
2016
	
	
2015
	
	
$
	
	
%
	
	
$
	
	
%
	
Cost	of	revenues
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Automotive	sales
	
$
6,724,480
	
	
$
4,268,087
	
	
$
2,639,926
	
	
$
2,456,393
	
	
	
58
%
	
$
1,628,161
	
	
	
62
%
Automotive	leasing
	
	
708,224
	
	
	
481,994
	
	
	
183,376
	
	
	
226,230
	
	
	
47
%
	
	
298,618
	
	
	
163
%
Total
			automotive
			cost	of
			revenues
	
	
7,432,704
	
	
	
4,750,081
	
	
	
2,823,302
	
	
	
2,682,623
	
	
	
56
%
	
	
1,926,779
	
	
	
68
%
Services	and	other
	
	
1,229,022
	
	
	
472,462
	
	
	
286,933
	
	
	
756,560
	
	
	
160
%
	
	
185,529
	
	
	
65
%
Total
			automotive	&
			services	and	other
			segment
			cost	of
			revenue
	
	
8,661,726
	
	
	
5,222,543
	
	
	
3,110,235
	
	
	
3,439,183
	
	
	
66
%
	
	
2,112,308
	
	
	
68
%
Energy	generation
			and	storage
			segment
	
	
874,538
	
	
	
178,332
	
	
	
12,287
	
	
	
696,206
	
	
	
390
%
	
	
166,045
	
	
	
1351
%
Total	cost	of
			revenues
	
$
9,536,264
	
	
$
5,400,875
	
	
$
3,122,522
	
	
$
4,135,389
	
	
	
77
%
	
$
2,278,353
	
	
	
73
%
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Gross	profit	total
			automotive
	
$
2,208,596
	
	
$
1,600,685
	
	
$
917,671
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Gross	margin	total
			automotive
	
	
23
%
	
	
25
%
	
	
25
%
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Gross	profit	total
			automotive
			&	services	and
			other	segment
	
$
1,980,759
	
	
$
1,596,195
	
	
$
921,313
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Gross	margin	total
			automotive
			&	services	and
			other	segment
	
	
19
%
	
	
23
%
	
	
23
%
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Gross	profit	energy
			generation
			and	storage	segment
	
$
241,728
	
	
$
3,062
	
	
$
2,190
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Gross	margin	energy
			generation	and	storage
			segment
	
	
22
%
	
	
2
%
	
	
15
%
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Total	gross	profit
	
$
2,222,487
	
	
$
1,599,257
	
	
$
923,503
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Total	gross	margin
	
	
19
%
	
	
23
%
	
	
23
%
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
51	
Automotive	&	Services	and	Other	Segment
Cost	of	automotive	sales	revenue	includes	direct	parts,	material	and	labor	costs,	manufacturing	overhead,	including	depreciation	costs	of	tooling
and	machinery,	shipping	and	logistic	costs,	vehicle	connectivity	costs,	allocations	of	electricity	and	infrastructure	costs	related	to	our	Supercharger
network,	and	reserves	for	estimated	warranty	expenses.	Cost	of	automotive	sales	revenues	also	includes	adjustments	to	warranty	expense	and	charges	to
write	down	the	carrying	value	of	our	inventory	when	it	exceeds	its	estimated	net	realizable	value	and	to	provide	for	obsolete	and	on-hand	inventory	in
excess	of	forecasted	demand.
Cost	of	automotive	leasing	revenue	includes	primarily	the	amortization	of	operating	lease	vehicles	over	the	lease	term,	as	well	as	warranty
expenses	recognized	as	incurred.
Cost	of	services	and	other	revenue	includes	direct	parts,	material	and	labor	costs,	manufacturing	overhead	associated	with	the	sales	of	electric
vehicle	powertrain	components	and	systems	to	other	manufacturers,	costs	associated	with	providing	maintenance	
services
	and	costs	to	acquire	and
certify	used	vehicles.
2017	Compared	to	2016
Cost	of	automotive	sales	revenues	increased	$2.46	billion,	or	58%,	during	the	year	ended	December	31,	2017	compared	to	the	year	ended
December	31,	2016.	This	was	primarily	due	to	a	58%	increase	in	vehicle	deliveries	resulting	from	increased	sales	of	Model	S	and	Model	X,	as	well	as	the
commencement	of	deliveries	of	Model	3	in	the	third	quarter	of	2017.
Cost	of	automotive	leasing	revenue	increased	$226.2	million,	or	47%,	during	the	year	ended	December	31,	2017	compared	to	the	year	ended
December	31,	2016.	This	was	primarily	due	to	an	approximately	30%	increase	in	the	number	of	vehicles	under	leasing	programs	or	programs	with	a
resale	value	guarantee	compared	to	the	year	ended	December	31,	2016.	In	addition,	during	the	year	ended	December	31,	2017,	we	recognized	an
increase	of	$23.4	million	in	cost	of	automotive	leasing	revenue	upon	early	payoff	and	the	expiration	of	resale	value	guarantees.
Cost	of	services	and	other	revenue	increased	$756.6	million,	or	160%,	during	the	year	ended	December	31,	2017	compared	to	the	year	ended
December	31,	2016,	primarily	due	to	the	increase	in	cost	of	used	vehicle	sales	due	to	increased	volume	and	the	increase	in	cost	to	provide	maintenance
services	as	our	fleet	continues	to	grow.
Gross	margin	for	total	automotive	decreased	from	25%	to	23%	during	the	year	ended	December	31,	2017	compared	to	the	year	ended
December	31,	2016.	The	commencement	of	deliveries	of	Model	3	in	the	third	quarter	of	2017	whereby	the	full	operating	costs	and	depreciation	were
recorded	at	much	lower	production	volumes	as	production	ramps,	higher	current	period	early	payoffs	and	expirations	of	resale	value	guarantees,	as
compared	to	the	same	period	in	the	prior	year,	contributed	to	the	lower	gross	margin.	Lower	material	and	manufacturing	costs	for	Model	S	and	Model	X,
as	we	further	improved	our	vehicle	production	processes	and	the	partial	recognition	of	autopilot	2.0	revenue	in	the	current	period	partially	offset	the
overall	decrease.
Gross	margin	for	total	automotive	&	services	and	other	segment	decreased	from	23%	to	19%	during	the	year	ended	December	31,	2017
compared	to	the	year	ended	December	31,	2016.	These	decreases	are	driven	by	the	factors	impacting	gross	margin	for	total	automotive,	as	explained
above,	as	well	as	higher	costs	of	maintenance	service.
2016	Compared	to	2015
Cost	of	automotive	revenues	increased	$1.63	billion,	or	62%,	to	$4.27	billion	during	the	year	ended	December	31,	2016	compared	to	the	year
ended	December	31,	2015.	The	increase	was	primarily	due	to	a	55%	increase	in	vehicle	deliveries	as	a	result	of	a	full-year	of	Model	X	deliveries	as	well	as
increased	deliveries	for	Model	S.	In	addition,	the	increase	is	due	to	product	mix	as	Model	X	has	a	higher	cost	structure	than	Model	S.	The	increase	in	cost
of	automotive	revenue	is	partially	offset	by	a	reduction	of	warranty	expense	of	$20.0	million	resulting	from	better	vehicle	reliability.		
	
52	
Cost	of	automotive	leasing	revenue	increased	$298.6	million,	or	163%,	to	$482.0	million	during	the	year	ended	December	31,	2016	compared	to
the	year	ended	December	31,	2015.	The	increase	is	primarily	due	to	an	83%	increase	in	cumulative	vehicle	deliveries	under	leasing	programs	and
programs	with	resale	value	guarantees	from	the	year	ended	December	31,	2015	to	the	year	ended	December	31,	2016.	In	addition,	during	the	year	ended
December	31,	2016,	we	recognized	$114.3	million	in	cost	of	automotive	leasing	revenues	upon	the	expiration	of	resale	value	guarantees.
Cost	of	services	and	other	revenue	increased	$185.5	million,	or	65%,	to	$472.5	million	during	the	year	ended	December	31,	2016	compared	to
the	year	ended	December	31,	2015,	primarily	due	to	an	increase	of	$120.8	million	in	cost	of	used	vehicle	sales	due	to	increase	in	volume,	and	an	increase
of	$64.9	million	in	cost	to	provide	maintenance	service	as	our	fleet	continues	to	grow.
Gross	margin	for	total	automotive	remained	consistent	during	the	year	ended	December	31,	2016	compared	to	the	year	ended	December	31,
2015.
Gross	profit	for	total	automotive	&	services	and	other	segment	increased	from	$921.3	million	for	the	year	ended	December	31,	2015	to	$1.60
billion	for	the	year	ended	December	31,	2016.	Gross	margin	for	total	automotive	&	services	and	other	segment	increased	from	22.9%	for	the	year	ended
December	31,	2015	to	23.4%	for	the	year	ended	December	31,	2016.	The	increase	was	primarily	due	to	lower	material	and	manufacturing	costs	as	we
further	improve	our	production	processes,	partially	offset	by	a	negative	impact	from	the	movement	in	foreign	exchange	and	increased	expenditures	to
build	out	our	service	centers	and	provide	maintenance.
Energy	Generation	and	Storage	Segment
Cost	of	energy	generation	and	storage	revenue	includes	direct	material	and	labor	costs,	overhead	of	solar	energy	systems	and	energy	storage
products	and	the	depreciation	expense	and	maintenance	costs	associated	with	leased	solar	energy	systems.
2017	Compared	to	2016
Cost	of	energy	generation	and	storage	revenue	increased	by	$696.2	million,	or	390%,	during	the	year	ended	December	31,	2017	compared	to	the
year	ended	December	31,	2016.	This	was	primarily	due	to	the	inclusion	of	the	full-year	of	costs	from	our	solar	business,	which	we	gained	by	acquiring
SolarCity	on	November	21,	2016.
Gross	margin	
for
	energy	generation	and	storage	increased	from	2%	to	22%	during	the	year	ended	December	31,	2017	compared	to	the	year
ended	December	31,	2016.	This	was	predominantly	due	to	the	inclusion	of	the	full-year	of	revenue	and	costs	from	our	solar	business,	which	we	gained	by
acquiring	SolarCity.
2016	Compared	to	2015
Cost	of	energy	generation	and	storage	revenue	increased	$166.0	million	to	$178.3	million	during	the	year	ended	December	31,	2016	compared	to
the	year	ended	December	31,	2015.	The	increase	was	due	to	an	increase	of	$67.0	million	as	a	result	of	the	inclusion	of	SolarCity’s	financial	results	from
the	acquisition	date	of	November	21,	2016	to	December	31,	2016.	The	remaining	increase	was	due	to	increase	in	the	sale	of	energy	storage	products	and
increased	expenditures	to	increase	the	capacity	of	energy	storage	products.
Research	and	Development	Expense
	
	
	
Year	Ended	December	31,
	
	
Change	2017	vs.	2016
	
	
Change	2016	vs.	2015
	
(Dollars	in	thousands)
	
2017
	
	
2016
	
	
2015
	
	
$
	
	
%
	
	
$
	
	
%
	
Research	and	development
	
$
1,378,073
	
	
$
834,408
	
	
$
717,900
	
	
$
543,665
	
	
	
65
%
	
$
116,508
	
	
	
16
%
As	a	percentage	of	revenues
	
	
12
%
	
	
12
%
	
	
18
%
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Research	and	development	(“R&D”)	expenses	consist	primarily	of	personnel	costs	for	our	teams	in	engineering	and	research,	manufacturing
engineering	and	manufacturing	test	organizations,	prototyping	expense,	contract	and	professional	services	and	amortized	equipment	expense.
	
53	
R&D	expenses	increased	$543.7	million,	or	65%,	during	the	year	ended	December	31,	2017	compared	to	the	year	ended	December	31,	2016.	This
increase	was	primarily	due	t
o	a	$274.9
	million	increase	in	employee	and	labor
	related
	expenses	from	increased	headcount	as	a	result	of	our	acquisitions
as	well	as	headcount	growth	from	the	expansion	of	our	automotiv
e	and	energy	
generation	
and
	
storage	businesses,	and	a	$44.3	million	increase	in	stock-
based	compensation	expense	related	to	an	increase	in	headcount	and	number
	
of	employee	stock	awards	granted	for	new	hire	and	refresher	employee
stock	grants.	
Additionally,	there	were	increases	in	facilities	expenses,	depreciation	expenses,	professional	and	outside	service	expenses	and	expensed
materials	to	support	the	development	of	future	products
.
R&D	expenses	increased	$116.5	million,	or	16%,	to	$834.4	million	during	the	year	ended	December	31,	2016	compared	to	the	year	ended
December	31,	2015.	The	increase	of	$116.5	million	was	primarily	due	to	a	$78.2	million	increase	in	employee	and	labor	related	expenses	due	to	a	15%
headcount	increase	as	we	expanded	our	vehicle	business	in	the	U.S.	and	internationally,	and	a	$65.0	million	increase	in	stock-based	compensation
expense	related	to	an	increase	in	headcount	and	number	of	employee	stock	awards	granted	for	new	hire	and	refresher	employee	stock	grants.	This	is
partially	offset	by	a	$25.9	million	decrease	in	expensed	materials	related	to	our	Model	X	development,	which	was	primarily	incurred	in	2015.	The	overall
increase	also	includes	$11.0	million	related	to	SolarCity.		
Selling,	General	and	Administrative	Expense
	
	
	
Year	Ended	December	31,
	
	
Change	2017	vs.	2016
	
	
Change	2016	vs.	2015
	
(Dollars	in	thousands)
	
2017
	
	
2016
	
	
2015
	
	
$
	
	
%
	
	
$
	
	
%
	
Selling,	general	and
			administrative
	
$
2,476,500
	
	
$
1,432,189
	
	
$
922,232
	
	
$
1,044,311
	
	
	
73
%
	
$
509,957
	
	
	
55
%
As	a	percentage	of	revenues
	
	
21
%
	
	
20
%
	
	
23
%
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Selling,	general	and	administrative	(“SG&A”)	expenses	consist	primarily	of	personnel	and	facilities	costs	related	to	our	stores,	marketing,	sales,
executive,	finance,	human	resources,	information	technology	and	legal	organizations,	as	well	as	fees	for	professional	and	contract	services	and	litigation
settlements.
SG&A	expenses	increased	$1.04	billion,	or	73%,	during	the	year	ended	December	31,	2017	compared	to	the	year	ended	December	31,	2016.	This
increase	was	primarily	due	to	a	$524.0	million	increase	in	employee	and	labor	related	expenses	from	increased	headcount	as	a	result	of	our	acquisitions
as	well	as	headcount	growth	from	the	expansion	of	our	automotive	and	energy	generation	and	storage	businesses,	and	a	$64.9	million	increase	in	stock-
based	compensation	expense	related	to	an	increase	in	headcount	and	number	of	employee	stock	awards	granted	for	new	hire	and	refresher	employee
stock	grants.	Additionally,	the	increase	was	due	to	a	$310.6	million	increase	in	office,	information	technology	and	facilities-related	expenses	to	support
the	growth	of	our	business	as	well	as	sales	and	marketing	activities	to	handle	our	expanding	market	presence	and	a	$140.6	million	increase	in
professional	and	outside	service	expenses	to	support	the	growth	of	our	business.
SG&A	expenses	increased	$510.0	million,	or	55%,	to	$1.43	billion	during	the	year	ended	December	31,	2016	compared	to	the	year	ended
December	31,	2015.	The	increase	in	SG&A	expenses	was	primarily	due	to	a	$247.2	million	increase	in	employee	and	labor	related	expenses	due	to	a	61%
increase	in	headcount	as	we	expanded	our	business	in	the	U.S.	and	internationally,	a	$91.0	million	increase	in	office,	information	technology	and
facilities-related	costs	to	support	the	growth	of	our	business	as	well	as	sales	and	marketing	activities	to	handle	our	expanding	market	presence,	and	a
$58.1	million	increase	in	stock-based	compensation	expense	related	to	increased	number	of	employee	stock	awards	granted	for	new	hire	and	existing
employees.	The	increase	includes	$74.3	million	related	to	SolarCity.
	
54	
Interest	Expense
	
	
	
Year	Ended	December	31,
	
	
Change	2017	vs.	2016
	
	
Change	2016	vs.	2015
	
(Dollars	in	thousands)
	
2017
	
	
2016
	
	
2015
	
	
$
	
	
%
	
	
$
	
	
%
	
Interest	expense
	
$
(471,259
)
	
$
(198,810
)
	
$
(118,851
)
	
$
(272,449
)
	
	
137
%
	
$
(79,959
)
	
	
67
%
As	a	percentage	of	revenues
	
	
4
%
	
	
3
%
	
	
3
%
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Interest	expense	for	the	year	ended	December	31,	2017	increased	$272.4	million,	or	137%,	from	the	year	ended	December	31,	2016.	The
increase	was	primarily	due	to	the	inclusion	of	the	full-year	of	interest	expense	from	SolarCity	of	$185.5	million	for	the	year	ended	December	31,	2017.	In
addition,	our	average	outstanding	indebtedness	has	increased	in	the	year	ended	December	31,	2017	as	compared	to	the	prior	year	mainly	due	to	the
Convertible	Senior	Notes	due	in	2022	and	the	Senior	Notes	due	in	2025,	both	of	which	we	issued	during	2017.
Interest	expense	for	the	year	ended	December	31,	2016	increased	$80.0	million,	or	67%,	from	the	year	ended	December	31,	2015.	The	increase
as	compared	to	the	year	ended	December	31,	2015	consisted	primarily	of	a	$33.1	million	increase	in	interest	expense	on	vehicles	sales	that	we	account
for	as	collateralized	borrowing,	a	$28.5	million	increase	in	interest	expense	on	build-to-suit	leases	and	a	$22.0	million	increase	in	interest	expense
associated	with	SolarCity’s	indebtedness,	financing	obligations	and	capital	lease	obligations.
Other	Income	(Expense),	Net
	
	
	
Year	Ended	December	31,
	
	
Change	2017	vs.	2016
	
	
Change	2016	vs.	2015
	
(Dollars	in	thousands)
	
2017
	
	
2016
	
	
2015
	
	
$
	
	
%
	
	
$
	
	
%
	
Other	income	(expense),	net
	
$
(125,373
)
	
$
111,272
	
	
$
(41,652
)
	
$
(236,645
)
	
	
-213
%
	
$
152,924
	
	
	
-367
%
As	a	percentage	of	revenues
	
	
-1
%
	
	
2
%
	
	
-1
%
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Other	income	(expense),	net,	consists	primarily	of	foreign	exchange	gains	and	losses	related	to	our	foreign	currency-denominated	assets	and
liabilities.	We	expect	our	foreign	exchange	gains	and	losses	will	vary	depending	upon	movements	in	the	underlying	exchange	rates.	Additionally,	other
income	(expense),	net,	includes	a	gain	from	the	acquisition	of	SolarCity	for	the	year	ended	December	31,	2016.
Other	income	(expense),	net,	decreased	by	$236.7	million,	or	213%,	during	the	year	ended	December	31,	2017	as	compared	to	the	year	ended
December	31,	2016.	The	decrease	was	primarily	due	to	measurement	period	adjustments	to	the	acquisition	date	fair	value	of	SolarCity	and	fluctuations	in
foreign	currency	exchange	rates.
Other	income,	net,	increased	by	$152.9	million	as	we	recognized	a	gain	from	the	acquisition	of	SolarCity	of	$88.7	million	and	a	loss	on	conversion
of	our	1.50%	Convertible	Senior	Notes	due	in	2018	of	$7.2	million.	The	remainder	of	the	change	in	other	income	(expense),	net,	was	primarily	result	of
fluctuations	in	gains	(losses)	from	foreign	currency	exchange.
Provision	for	Income	Taxes
	
	
	
Year	Ended	December	31,
	
	
Change	2017	vs.	2016
	
	
Change	2016	vs.	2015
	
(Dollars	in	thousands)
	
2017
	
	
2016
	
	
2015
	
	
$
	
	
%
	
	
$
	
	
%
	
Provision	for	income	taxes
	
$
31,546
	
	
$
26,698
	
	
$
13,039
	
	
$
4,848
	
	
	
18
%
	
$
13,659
	
	
	
105
%
Effective	tax	rate
	
	
-1
%
	
	
-4
%
	
	
-1
%
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Our	provision	for	income	taxes	increased	by	$4.9	million,	or	18%,	for	the	year	ended	December	31,	2017	as	compared	to	the	year	ended
December	31,	2016.	This	increase	was	primarily	due	to	the	increase	in	vehicle	deliveries	in	foreign	tax	jurisdictions,	partially	offset	by	$10.5	million	of
future	U.S.	alternative	minimum	tax	refunds	as	a	result	of	the	Tax	Act,	which	previously	had	an	associated	valuation	allowance.
	
55	
Our	provision	for	income	taxes	for	the	years	ended	December	31,	2016	and	2015	was	$26.7	million	and	$13.0	million,	respectively.	This	increase
was	primarily	due	to	the	increase	in	taxable	income	in	our	international	jurisdictions.
Net	Income	(Loss)	Attributable	to	Noncontrolling	Interests	and	Redeemable	Noncontrolling	Interests
Our	net	income	(loss)	attributable	to	noncontrolling	interests	and	redeemable	noncontrolling	interests	was	related	to	financing	fund
arrangements.
	
	
Liquidity	and	Capital	Resources
As	of	December	31,	2017,	we	had	$3.37	billion	of	cash	and	cash	equivalents.	Balances	held	in	foreign	currencies	had	a	U.S.	dollar	equivalent	of
$521.5	million	and	consisted	primarily	of	Chinese	yuan,	euros	and	Norwegian	kroner.	Our	sources	of	cash	are	predominately	from	our	deliveries	of
vehicles,	sales	and	installations	of	our	energy	storage	products	and	solar	energy	systems,	proceeds	from	debt	facilities,	proceeds	from	financing	funds
and	proceeds	from	equity	offerings.
Our	sources	of	liquidity	and	cash	flows	enable	us	to	fund	ongoing	operations,	research	and	development	projects,	investments	in	tooling	and
manufacturing	equipment	for	the	production	ramp	of	Model	3,	the	continued	construction	of	Gigafactory	1	and	the	continued	expansion	of	our	retail
stores,	service	centers,	mobile	repair	services	and	Supercharger	network.	We	are	growing	our	vehicle	manufacturing	capacity	primarily	to	fulfill	Model	3
production	at	5,000	vehicles	per	week	and,	in	a	later	phase,	to	10,000	vehicles	per	week.	Capital	expenditures	in	2018	are	projected	to	be	slightly	more
than	2017.	We	continually	evaluate	our	capital	expenditure	needs	and	may	raise	additional	capital	to	fund	the	rapid	growth	of	our	business.
We	have	an	agreement	to	spend	or	incur	$5.00	billion	in	combined	capital,	operational	expenses,	costs	of	goods	sold	and	other	costs	in	the	State
of	New	York	during	the	10-year	period	following	full	production	at	Gigafactory	2.	We	anticipate	meeting	these	obligations	through	our	operations	at
Gigafactory	2	and	other	operations	within	the	State	of	New	York,	and	we	do	not	believe	that	we	face	a	significant	risk	of	default.
We	expect	that	our	current	sources	of	liquidity	together	with	our	projection	of	cash	flows	from	operating	activities	will	provide	us	with	adequate
liquidity	over	at	least	the	next	12	months.	A	large	portion	of	our	future	expenditures	is	to	fund	our	growth,	and	we	can	adjust	our	capital	and	operating
expenditures	by	operating	segment,	including	future	expansion	of	our	product	offerings,	stores,	service	centers,	delivery	centers	and	Supercharger
network.	We	may	need	or	want	to	raise	additional	funds	in	the	future,	and	these	funds	may	not	be	available	to	us	when	we	need	or	want	them,	or	at	all.	If
we	cannot	raise	additional	funds	when	we	need	or	want	them,	our	operations	and	prospects	could	be	negatively	affected.
In	addition,	we	had	$2.04	billion	of	unused	committed	amounts	under	our	credit	facilities	and	financing	funds,	some	of	which	are	subject	to
satisfying	specified	conditions	prior	to	draw-down.	For	details	regarding	our	indebtedness	and	financing	funds,	refer	to	Note	13,	
Convertible	and	Long-
Term	Debt	Obligations
,	and	Note	18,	
VIE	Arrangements
,	to	the	consolidated	financial	statements	included	elsewhere	in	this	Annual	Report	on	Form	10-K.
Summary	of	Cash	Flows
	
	
	
	
Year	Ended	December	31,
	
(Dollars	in	thousands)
	
2017
	
	
2016
	
	
2015
	
Net	cash	used	in	operating	activities
	
$
(60,654
)
	
$
(123,829
)
	
$
(524,499
)
Net	cash	used	in	investing	activities
	
$
(4,418,967
)
	
$
(1,416,430
)
	
$
(1,673,551
)
Net	cash	provided	by	financing	activities
	
$
4,414,864
	
	
$
3,743,976
	
	
$
1,523,523
Cash	Flows	from	Operating	Activities
Our	cash	flows	from	operating	activities	are	significantly	affected	by	our	cash	investments	to	support	the	growth	of	our	business	in	areas	such	as
research	and	development	and	selling,	general	and	administrative.	Our	operating	cash	inflows	include	cash	from	vehicle	sales,	lease	payments	directly
from	customers,	customer	deposits,	sales	of	regulatory	credits	and	energy	generation	and	storage	products.	These	cash	inflows	are	offset	by	our
	
56	
payments	to	suppliers	for	production	materials	and	parts	used	in	our	manufacturing	process,	employee	compensation,	operating	lease	payments	and
interest	
payments
	on	our	financings.
Net	cash	used	in	operating	activities	during	the	year	ended	December	31,	2017	decreased	by	$63.2	million	as	compared	to	the	year	ended
December	31,	2016	due	to	the	decrease	in	net	operating	assets	and	liabilities	of	$197.3	million	partially	offset	by	the	decrease	in	net	loss,	excluding	non-
cash	expenses	and	gains,	of	$134.1	million.	The	decrease	in	working	capital	was	mainly	driven	by	faster	processing	of	payments	for	our	vehicles	and	our
focus	on	reducing	inventory	in	the	fourth	quarter	of	2017.
During	the	year	ended	December	31,	2016,	cash	used	in	operating	activities	was	primarily	a	result	of	our	net	loss	of	$773.0	million,	the	increase
in	accounts	payable	and	accrued	liabilities	of	$750.6	million	as	our	business	expanded,	the	increase	in	resale	value	guarantees	of	$326.9	million	and
deferred	revenue	of	$383.0	million	as	the	number	of	vehicles	with	a	resale	value	guarantee	increased	and	the	increase	in	customer	deposits	of
$388.4	million	primarily	due	to	Model	3	reservations.	These	increases	were	partially	offset	by	the	increase	in	inventories	and	operating	lease	vehicles	of
$2.47	billion	as	we	expanded	our	program	for	direct	leases	and	vehicles	with	a	resale	value	guarantee.
During	the	year	ended	December	31,	2015,	cash	used	in	operating	activities	was	primarily	a	result	of	our	net	loss	of	$888.7	million	and	the
increase	in	inventories	and	operating	lease	vehicles	of	$1.57	billion	as	we	expanded	our	program	for	direct	leases	and	vehicles	with	a	resale	value
guarantee.	These	increases	were	partially	offset	by	the	increase	in	resale	value	guarantees	of	$442.3	million	and	deferred	revenue	of	$322.2	million	as
the	number	vehicles	with	a	resale	value	guarantee	increased.
Cash	Flows	from	Investing	Activities
Cash	flows	from	investing	activities	and	their	variability	across	each	period	related	primarily	to	capital	expenditures,	which	were	$4.08	billion
during	2017,	$1.44	billion	during	2016	and	$1.63	billion	during	2015.	Capital	expenditures	during	2017	were	from	$3.41	billion	of	purchases	of	property
and	equipment	(mainly	for	Model	3	production)	and	$666.5	million	for	the	design,	acquisition	and	installation	of	solar	energy	systems	under	operating
leases	with	customers.	We	also	paid	$114.5	million,	net	of	the	cash	acquired,	for	acquisitions	in	2017.
In	2014,	we	began	construction	of	Gigafactory	1.	During	2017,	we	used	cash	of	$1.45	billion	towards	Gigafactory	1	construction.
Cash	Flows	from	Financing	Activities
Cash	flows	from	financing	activities	during	the	year	ended	December	31,	2017	consisted	primarily	of	$966.4	million	from	the	issuance	of	the
Convertible	Senior	Notes	due	in	2022,	$1.77	billion	from	the	issuance	of	the	Senior	Notes	due	in	2025	and	$400.2	million	from	our	March	2017	public
offering	of	common	stock,	net	of	underwriter	fees.	However,	we	paid	$151.2	million	for	the	purchase	of	bond	hedges	net	of	the	amount	we	received	from
the	sale	of	warrants.	Furthermore,	we	received	$511.3	million	of	net	proceeds	from	collateralized	lease	borrowings	and	$527.5	million	of	net	proceeds
from	fund	investors.
Cash	flows	from	financing	activities	during	the	year	ended	December	31,	2016	consisted	primarily	of	$1.70	billion	from	our	May	2016	public
offering	of	common	stock,	net	of	underwriter	fees,	$995.4	million	of	proceeds	from	issuances	of	debt	net	of	repayments	and	$769.7	million	of	net
proceeds	from	collateralized	lease	borrowings.	The	net	proceeds	from	issuances	of	debt	consisted	primarily	of	$834.0	million	of	net	borrowings	under	our
senior	secured	asset-based	revolving	credit	agreement	and	$390.0	million	of	borrowings	under	the	vehicle	lease-backed	loan	and	security	agreement
entered	into	in	2016,	partially	offset	by	settlements	of	$454.7	million	for	certain	conversions	of	the	Convertible	Senior	Notes	due	in	2018.	Furthermore,
we	received	$180.3	million	of	net	proceeds	from	fund	investors.
Cash	flows	from	financing	activities	during	the	year	ended	December	31,	2015	consisted	primarily	of	$730.0	million	from	our	August	2015	public
offering	of	common	stock	and	$568.7	million	of	net	proceeds	from	collateralized	lease	borrowings.
	
57	
Contractual	Obligations
We	are	party	to	contractual	obligations	involving	commitments	to	make	payments	to	third	parties,	including	certain	debt	financing	arrangements
and	leases,	primarily	for	stores,	service	centers,	certain	manufacturing	and	corporate	offices.	These	also	include,	as	part	of	our	normal	business
practices,	contracts	with	suppliers	for	purchases	of	certain	raw	materials,	components	and	services	to	facilitate	adequate	supply	of	these	materials	and
services	and	capacity	reservation	contracts.	The	following	table	sets	forth,	as	of	December	31,	2017,	certain	significant	obligations	that	will	affect	our
future	liquidity	(in	thousands):
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Year	Ended	December	31,
	
	
	
Total
	
	
2018
	
	
2019
	
	
2020
	
	
2021
	
	
2022
	
	
Thereafter
	
Operating	lease	obligations
	
$
1,317,226
	
	
$
224,630
	
	
$
204,335
	
	
$
175,612
	
	
$
156,552
	
	
$
130,802
	
	
$
425,295
	
Capital	lease	obligations,
			including	interest
	
	
785,215
	
	
	
127,180
	
	
	
137,313
	
	
	
167,281
	
	
	
138,042
	
	
	
133,772
	
	
	
81,627
	
Purchase	obligations	(1)
	
	
17,525,445
	
	
	
2,761,819
	
	
	
2,279,682
	
	
	
3,484,953
	
	
	
3,433,787
	
	
	
3,435,956
	
	
	
2,129,248
	
Long-term	debt	(2)
	
	
11,797,022
	
	
	
2,506,499
	
	
	
2,173,097
	
	
	
413,430
	
	
	
1,798,676
	
	
	
1,582,240
	
	
	
3,323,080
	
Total
	
$
31,424,908
	
	
$
5,620,128
	
	
$
4,794,427
	
	
$
4,241,276
	
	
$
5,527,057
	
	
$
5,282,770
	
	
$
5,959,250
	
(1)
These	amounts	represent	(i)	purchase	orders	of	$1.18	billion	issued	under	binding	and	enforceable	agreements	with	all	vendors	as	of
December	31,	2017	and	(ii)	$16.34	billion	in	other	estimable	purchase	obligations	pursuant	to	such	agreements,	primarily	relating	to	the
purchase	of	lithium-ion	cells	to	be	produced	by	Panasonic	at	Gigafactory	1,	including	any	additional	amounts	we	may	have	to	pay	vendors	if	we	do
not	meet	certain	minimum	purchase	obligations.	In	cases	where	no	purchase	orders	were	outstanding	under	binding	and	enforceable	agreements
as	of	December	31,	2017,	we	have	included	estimated	amounts	based	on	our	best	estimates	and	assumptions	or	discussions	with	the	relevant
vendors	as	of	such	date	or,	where	applicable,	on	amounts	or	assumptions	included	in	such	agreements	for	purposes	of	discussion	or	reference.	In
certain	cases,	such	estimated	amounts	were	subject	to	contingent	events.	Furthermore,	these	amounts	do	not	include	future	payments	for
purchase	obligations	that	were	recorded	in	accounts	payable	or	accrued	liabilities	as	of	December	31,	2017.
(2)
Long-term	debt	includes	our	non-recourse	indebtedness	of	$	2.93	billion.	Non-recourse	debt	refers	to	debt	that	is	recourse	to	only	specified	assets
of	our	subsidiaries.
The	table	above	excludes	unrecognized	tax	benefits	of	$191.0	million	because	if	recognized,	they	would	be	an	adjustment	to	our	deferred	tax
assets.
Off-Balance	Sheet	Arrangements
During	the	periods	presented,	we	did	not	have	relationships	with	unconsolidated	entities	or	financial	partnerships,	such	as	entities	often	referred
to	as	structured	finance	or	special	purpose	entities,	which	were	established	for	the	purpose	of	facilitating	off-balance	sheet	arrangements	or	other
contractually	narrow	or	limited	purposes.
	
	
ITEM	7A.
QUANTITATIVE	AND	QUALITATIVE	DISCLOSURES	ABOUT	MARKET	RISK
Foreign	Currency	Risk
We	transact	business	globally	in	multiple	currencies.	Our	foreign	operations	expose	us	to	the	risk	of	fluctuations	in	foreign	currency	exchange
rates	against	the	functional	currencies	of	our	foreign	subsidiaries	and	against	the	U.S.	dollar.	Upon	consolidation,	as	foreign	currency	exchange	rates
vary,	revenues	and	expenses	may	be	significantly	impacted,	and	we	may	record	significant	gains	or	losses	on	the	re-measurement	of	our	monetary	assets
and	liabilities,	including	intercompany	balances.	As	of	December	31,	2017,	our	largest	foreign	currency	exposures	were	from	the	euro,	Canadian	dollar
and	Norwegian	krone.
	
58	
We	considered	the	historical	trends	in	foreign	currency	exchange	rates	and	determined	that	it	is	reasonably	possible	that	adverse	changes	in
foreign	exchange	rates	of	10%	for	all	currencies	could	be	experienced	in	the	near-term.	These	reasonably	possible	adverse	changes	were	applied	to	our
total	monetary	assets	and	liabilities	denominated	in	currencies	other	than	our	functional	currencies	as	of	
December	31
,	2017	to	compute	the	adverse
impact	these	changes	would	have	had	on	our	income
	(loss)
	before	income	taxes.	These	changes	would	have	resulted	in	an	adverse	impact
	of
$116.0	million.
Interest	Rate	Risk
We	are	exposed	to	interest	rate	risk	on	our	borrowings	that	bear	interest	at	floating	rates.	Pursuant	to	our	risk	management	policies,	in	certain
cases,	we	utilize	derivative	instruments	to	manage	some	of	this	risk.	We	do	not	enter	into	derivative	instruments	for	trading	or	speculative	purposes.	A
hypothetical	10%	change	in	our	interest	rates	would	have	increased	our	interest	expense	for	the	year	ended	December	31,	2017	by	$7.6	million.
	
	
	
	
59	
I
TEM	8.
FINANCIAL	STATEMENTS	AND	SUPPLEMENTARY	DATA
	
The	sections	titled	“Report	of	Independent	Registered	Public	Accounting	Firm”,	“Consolidated	Balance	Sheets”,	“Consolidated	Statements	of
Operations”,	“Consolidated	Statements	of	Equity”,	“Consolidated	Statements	of	Cash	Flows”	and	“Notes	to	Consolidated	Financial	Statements”	in	Part	II,
Item	8	of	the	Annual	Report	on	Form	10-K	of	SolarCity	Corporation	(File	No.	001-35758)	for	the	fiscal	year	ended	December	31,	2016,	filed	with	the
Securities	and	Exchange	Commission	on	March	1,	2017,	are	hereby	incorporated	by	reference	into	this	Annual	Report	on	Form	10-K	and	are	filed	as
Exhibit	99.1	hereto.
Index	to	Consolidated	Financial	Statements
	
	
		
Page
Report	of	Independent	Registered	Public	Accounting	Firm
		
61
Consolidated	Balance	Sheets
		
63
Consolidated	Statements	of	Operations
		
64
Consolidated	Statements	of	Comprehensive	Loss
		
65
Consolidated	Statements	of	Redeemable	Noncontrolling	Interests	and	Equity
		
66
Consolidated	Statements	of	Cash	Flows
		
67
Notes	to	Consolidated	Financial	Statements
		
68
	
	
	
	
60	
R
eport	of	Independent	Registered	Public	Accounting	Firm
To	the	Board	of	Directors	and	Stockholders	of	Tesla,	Inc.
Opinions	on	the	Financial	Statements	and	Internal	Control	over	Financial	Reporting
We	have	audited	the	accompanying	consolidated	balance	sheets	of	Tesla,	Inc.	and	its	subsidiaries	as	of	December	31,	2017	and	2016,	and	the	related
consolidated	statements	of	operations,	of	comprehensive	loss,	of	redeemable	noncontrolling	interests	and	equity,	and	of	cash	flows	for	each	of	the	three
years	in	the	period	ended	December	31,	2017,	including	the	related	notes	(collectively	referred	to	as	the	“consolidated	financial	statements”).		We	also	have
audited	the	Company’s	internal	control	over	financial	reporting	as	of	December	31,	2017,	based	on	criteria	established	in	
Internal	Control	–	Integrated
Framework
	(2013)	issued	by	the	Committee	of	Sponsoring	Organizations	of	the	Treadway	Commission	(COSO).
In	our	opinion,	based	on	our	audits	and,	with	respect	to	the	December	31,	2016	balance	sheet,	the	report	of	other	auditors,	the	consolidated	financial
statements	referred	to	above	present	fairly,	in	all	material	respects,	the	financial	position	of	the	Company	as	of	December	31,	2017	and	2016,	and	the	results
of	its	operations	and	its	cash	flows	for	each	of	the	three	years	in	the	period	ended	December	31,	2017	in	conformity	with	accounting	principles	generally
accepted	in	the	United	States	of	America.		Also	in	our	opinion,	based	on	our	audit,	the	Company	maintained,	in	all	material	respects,	effective	internal
control	over	financial	reporting	as	of	December	31,	2017,	based	on	criteria	established	in	
Internal	Control	–	Integrated	Framework
	(2013)	issued	by	the
COSO.
We	did	not	audit	the	pre-acquisition	historical	basis	balance	sheet	of	SolarCity	Corporation,	a	wholly	owned	subsidiary,	as	of	December	31,	2016,	which
reflects	total	assets	and	total	liabilities	of	$9.1	billion	and	$6.9	billion,	respectively,	as	of	December	31,	2016.		The	pre-acquisition	historical	basis	balance
sheet	of	SolarCity	Corporation	was	audited	by	other	auditors	whose	report	thereon	has	been	furnished	to	us,	and	our	opinion	on	the	financial	statements
expressed	herein,	insofar	as	it	relates	to	the	pre-acquisition	historical	basis	amounts	included	for	SolarCity	Corporation	as	of	December	31,	2016,	is	based
solely	on	the	report	of	the	other	auditors.		We	audited	the	adjustments	necessary	to	convert	the	December	31,	2016	pre-acquisition	historical	basis	balance
sheet	of	SolarCity	Corporation	to	the	basis	reflected	in	the	Company’s	consolidated	financial	statements.
Basis	for	Opinions
The	Company's	management	is	responsible	for	these	consolidated	financial	statements,	for	maintaining	effective	internal	control	over	financial	reporting,
and	for	its	assessment	of	the	effectiveness	of	internal	control	over	financial	reporting,	included	in	Management’s	Report	on	Internal	Control	over	Financial
Reporting	appearing	under	Item	9A.		Our	responsibility	is	to	express	opinions	on	the	Company’s	consolidated	financial	statements	and	on	the	Company's
internal	control	over	financial	reporting	based	on	our	audits.		We	are	a	public	accounting	firm	registered	with	the	Public	Company	Accounting	Oversight
Board	(United	States)	(“PCAOB”)	and	are	required	to	be	independent	with	respect	to	the	Company	in	accordance	with	the	U.S.	federal	securities	laws	and
the	applicable	rules	and	regulations	of	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission	and	the	PCAOB.
We	conducted	our	audits	in	accordance	with	the	standards	of	the	PCAOB.		Those	standards	require	that	we	plan	and	perform	the	audits	to	obtain	reasonable
assurance	about	whether	the	consolidated	financial	statements	are	free	of	material	misstatement,	whether	due	to	error	or	fraud,	and	whether	effective
internal	control	over	financial	reporting	was	maintained	in	all	material	respects.
Our	audits	of	the	consolidated	financial	statements	included	performing	procedures	to	assess	the	risks	of	material	misstatement	of	the	consolidated	financial
statements,	whether	due	to	error	or	fraud,	and	performing	procedures	that	respond	to	those	risks.		Such	procedures	included	examining,	on	a	test	basis,
evidence	regarding	the	amounts	and	disclosures	in	the	consolidated	financial	statements.		Our	audits	also	included	evaluating	the	accounting	principles	used
and	significant	estimates	made	by	management,	as	well	as	evaluating	the	overall	presentation	of	the	consolidated	financial	statements.		Our	audit	of	internal
control	over	financial	reporting	included	obtaining	an	understanding	of	internal	control	over	financial	reporting,	assessing	the	risk	that	a	material	weakness
exists,	and	testing	and	evaluating	the	design	and	operating	effectiveness	of	internal	control	based	on	the	assessed	risk.		Our	audits	also	included	performing
such	other	procedures	as	we	considered	necessary	in	the	circumstances.	We	believe	that	our	audits	and	the	report	of	other	auditors	provide	a	reasonable
basis	for	our	opinions.
	
61	
Definition	and	Limitations	of	Internal	Control	over	Financial	Reporting
A	company’s	internal	control	over	financial	reporting	is	a	process	designed	to	provide	reasonable	assurance	regarding	the	reliability	of	financial	reporting
and	the	preparation	of	financial	statements	for	external	purposes	in	accordance	with	generally	accepted	accounting	principles.		A	company’s	internal	control
over	financial	reporting	includes	those	policies	and	procedures	that	(i)	pertain	to	the	maintenance	of	records	that,	in	reasonable	detail,	accurately	and	fairly
reflect	the	transactions	and	dispositions	of	the	assets	of	the	company;	(ii)	provide	reasonable	assurance	that	transactions	are	recorded	as	necessary	to
permit	preparation	of	financial	statements	in	accordance	with	generally	accepted	accounting	principles,	and	that	receipts	and	expenditures	of	the	company
are	being	made	only	in	accordance	with	authorizations	of	management	and	directors	of	the	company;	and	(iii)	provide	reasonable	assurance	regarding
prevention	or	timely	detection	of	unauthorized	acquisition,	use,	or	disposition	of	the	company’s	assets	that	could	have	a	material	effect	on	the	financial
statements.
Because	of	its	inherent	limitations,	internal	control	over	financial	reporting	may	not	prevent	or	detect	misstatements.		Also,	projections	of	any	evaluation	of
effectiveness	to	future	periods	are	subject	to	the	risk	that	controls	may	become	inadequate	because	of	changes	in	conditions,	or	that	the	degree	of
compliance	with	the	policies	or	procedures	may	deteriorate.
	
	
/s/	PricewaterhouseCoopers	LLP
	
San	Jose,	California
February	22,	2018
	
We	have	served	as	the	Company’s	auditor	since	2005.
	
	
	
	
62	
Tesla,	Inc.
Consolidated	Balance	Sheets
(in	thousands,	except	per	share	data)
	
	
	
December	31,
	
	
December	31,
	
	
	
2017
	
	
2016
	
Assets
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Current	assets
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Cash	and	cash	equivalents
	
$
3,367,914
	
	
$
3,393,216
	
Restricted	cash
	
	
155,323
	
	
	
105,519
	
Accounts	receivable,	net
	
	
515,381
	
	
	
499,142
	
Inventory
	
	
2,263,537
	
	
	
2,067,454
	
Prepaid	expenses	and	other	current	assets
	
	
268,365
	
	
	
194,465
	
Total	current	assets
	
	
6,570,520
	
	
	
6,259,796
	
Operating	lease	vehicles,	net
	
	
4,116,604
	
	
	
3,134,080
	
Solar	energy	systems,	leased	and	to	be	leased,	net
	
	
6,347,490
	
	
	
5,919,880
	
Property,	plant	and	equipment,	net
	
	
10,027,522
	
	
	
5,982,957
	
Intangible	assets,	net
	
	
361,502
	
	
	
376,145
	
Goodwill
	
	
60,237
	
	
	
—
	
MyPower	customer	notes	receivable,	net	of	current	portion
	
	
456,652
	
	
	
506,302
	
Restricted	cash,	net	of	current	portion
	
	
441,722
	
	
	
268,165
	
Other	assets
	
	
273,123
	
	
	
216,751
	
Total	assets
	
$
28,655,372
	
	
$
22,664,076
	
Liabilities
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Current	liabilities
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Accounts	payable
	
$
2,390,250
	
	
$
1,860,341
	
Accrued	liabilities	and	other
	
	
1,731,366
	
	
	
1,210,028
	
Deferred	revenue
	
	
1,015,253
	
	
	
763,126
	
Resale	value	guarantees
	
	
787,333
	
	
	
179,504
	
Customer	deposits
	
	
853,919
	
	
	
663,859
	
Current	portion	of	long-term	debt	and	capital	leases
	
	
796,549
	
	
	
984,211
	
Current	portion	of	solar	bonds	and	promissory	notes	issued	to	related	parties
	
	
100,000
	
	
	
165,936
	
Total	current	liabilities
	
	
7,674,670
	
	
	
5,827,005
	
Long-term	debt	and	capital	leases,	net	of	current	portion
	
	
9,415,700
	
	
	
5,860,049
	
Solar	bonds	issued	to	related	parties,	net	of	current	portion
	
	
100
	
	
	
99,164
	
Convertible	senior	notes	issued	to	related	parties
	
	
2,519
	
	
	
10,287
	
Deferred	revenue,	net	of	current	portion
	
	
1,177,799
	
	
	
851,790
	
Resale	value	guarantees,	net	of	current	portion
	
	
2,309,222
	
	
	
2,210,423
	
Other	long-term	liabilities
	
	
2,442,970
	
	
	
1,891,449
	
Total	liabilities
	
	
23,022,980
	
	
	
16,750,167
	
Commitments	and	contingencies	(Note	17)
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Redeemable	noncontrolling	interests	in	subsidiaries
	
	
397,734
	
	
	
367,039
	
Convertible	senior	notes	(Note	13)
	
	
70
	
	
	
8,784
	
Equity
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Stockholders'	equity
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Preferred	stock;	$0.001	par	value;	100,000	shares	authorized;
			no	shares	issued	and	outstanding
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
Common	stock;	$0.001	par	value;	2,000,000	shares	authorized;	168,797	and	161,561
			shares	issued	and	outstanding	as	of	December	31,	2017	and	December	31,	2016,
			respectively
	
	
169
	
	
	
161
	
Additional	paid-in	capital
	
	
9,178,024
	
	
	
7,773,727
	
Accumulated	other	comprehensive	gain	(loss)
	
	
33,348
	
	
	
(23,740
)
Accumulated	deficit
	
	
(4,974,299
)
	
	
(2,997,237
)
Total	stockholders'	equity
	
	
4,237,242
	
	
	
4,752,911
	
Noncontrolling	interests	in	subsidiaries
	
	
997,346
	
	
	
785,175
	
Total	liabilities	and	equity
	
$
28,655,372
	
	
$
22,664,076
	
The	accompanying	notes	are	an	integral	part	of	these	consolidated	financial	statements.
	
	
	
63	
Tesla,	Inc.
	
Consolidated	Statements	of	Operations
(in	thousands,	except	per	share	data)
	
	
	
Year	Ended	December	31,
	
	
	
2017
	
	
2016
	
	
2015
	
Revenues
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Automotive	sales
	
$
8,534,752
	
	
$
5,589,007
	
	
$
3,431,587
	
Automotive	leasing
	
	
1,106,548
	
	
	
761,759
	
	
	
309,386
	
Total	automotive	revenues
	
	
9,641,300
	
	
	
6,350,766
	
	
	
3,740,973
	
Energy	generation	and	storage
	
	
1,116,266
	
	
	
181,394
	
	
	
14,477
	
Services	and	other
	
	
1,001,185
	
	
	
467,972
	
	
	
290,575
	
Total	revenues
	
	
11,758,751
	
	
	
7,000,132
	
	
	
4,046,025
	
Cost	of	revenues
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Automotive	sales
	
	
6,724,480
	
	
	
4,268,087
	
	
	
2,639,926
	
Automotive	leasing
	
	
708,224
	
	
	
481,994
	
	
	
183,376
	
Total	automotive	cost	of	revenues
	
	
7,432,704
	
	
	
4,750,081
	
	
	
2,823,302
	
Energy	generation	and	storage
	
	
874,538
	
	
	
178,332
	
	
	
12,287
	
Services	and	other
	
	
1,229,022
	
	
	
472,462
	
	
	
286,933
	
Total	cost	of	revenues
	
	
9,536,264
	
	
	
5,400,875
	
	
	
3,122,522
	
Gross	profit
	
	
2,222,487
	
	
	
1,599,257
	
	
	
923,503
	
Operating	expenses
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Research	and	development
	
	
1,378,073
	
	
	
834,408
	
	
	
717,900
	
Selling,	general	and	administrative
	
	
2,476,500
	
	
	
1,432,189
	
	
	
922,232
	
Total	operating	expenses
	
	
3,854,573
	
	
	
2,266,597
	
	
	
1,640,132
	
Loss	from	operations
	
	
(1,632,086
)
	
	
(667,340
)
	
	
(716,629
)
Interest	income
	
	
19,686
	
	
	
8,530
	
	
	
1,508
	
Interest	expense
	
	
(471,259
)
	
	
(198,810
)
	
	
(118,851
)
Other	(expense)	income,	net
	
	
(125,373
)
	
	
111,272
	
	
	
(41,652
)
Loss	before	income	taxes
	
	
(2,209,032
)
	
	
(746,348
)
	
	
(875,624
)
Provision	for	income	taxes
	
	
31,546
	
	
	
26,698
	
	
	
13,039
	
Net	loss
	
	
(2,240,578
)
	
	
(773,046
)
	
	
(888,663
)
Net	loss	attributable	to	noncontrolling	interests	and
			redeemable	noncontrolling	interests	in	subsidiaries
	
	
(279,178
)
	
	
(98,132
)
	
	
—
	
Net	loss	attributable	to	common	stockholders
	
$
(1,961,400
)
	
$
(674,914
)
	
$
(888,663
)
Net	loss	per	share	of	common	stock	attributable
			to	common	stockholders
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Basic
	
$
(11.83
)
	
$
(4.68
)
	
$
(6.93
)
Diluted
	
$
(11.83
)
	
$
(4.68
)
	
$
(6.93
)
Weighted	average	shares	used	in	computing	net	loss
			per	share	of	common	stock
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Basic
	
	
165,758
	
	
	
144,212
	
	
	
128,202
	
Diluted
	
	
165,758
	
	
	
144,212
	
	
	
128,202
	
The	accompanying	notes	are	an	integral	part	of	these	consolidated	financial	statements.
	
	
	
	
64	
Tesla,	Inc.
Consolidated	Statements	of	Comprehensive	Loss
(in	thousands)
	
	
	
Year	Ended	December	31,
	
	
	
2017
	
	
2016
	
	
2015
	
Net	loss	attributable	to	common	stockholders
	
$
(1,961,400
)
	
$
(674,914
)
	
$
(888,663
)
Unrealized	gains	(losses)	on	derivatives:
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Change	in	net	unrealized	gain
	
	
—
	
	
	
43,220
	
	
	
7,443
	
Less:	Reclassification	adjustment	for	net	(gains)
			losses	into	net	loss
	
	
(5,570
)
	
	
(44,904
)
	
	
22
	
Net	unrealized	(loss)	gain	on	derivatives
	
	
(5,570
)
	
	
(1,684
)
	
	
7,465
	
Foreign	currency	translation	adjustment
	
	
62,658
	
	
	
(18,500
)
	
	
(10,999
)
Other	comprehensive	income	(loss)
	
	
57,088
	
	
	
(20,184
)
	
	
(3,534
)
Comprehensive	loss
	
$
(1,904,312
)
	
$
(695,098
)
	
$
(892,197
)
	
The	accompanying	notes	are	an	integral	part	of	these	consolidated	financial	statements.
	
	
	
	
65	
Tesla,	Inc.
Consolidated	Statements	of	Redeemable	Noncontrolling	Interests	and	Equity
(in	thousands,	except	per	share	data)
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Accumulated
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Redeemable
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Additional
	
	
	
	
	
	
Other
	
	
Total
	
	
Noncontrolling
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Noncontrolling
	
	
Common	Stock
	
	
Paid-In
	
	
Accumulated
	
	
Comprehensive
	
	
Stockholders'
	
	
Interests	in
	
	
Total
	
	
	
Interests
	
	
Shares
	
	
Amount
	
	
Capital
	
	
Deficit
	
	
Loss
	
	
Equity
	
	
Subsidiaries
	
	
Equity
	
Balance	as	of	December	31,	2014
	
$
—
	
	
	
125,688
	
	
$
126
	
	
$
2,345,266
	
	
$
(1,433,660
)
	
$
(22
)
	
$
911,710
	
	
$
—
	
	
$
911,710
	
Reclassification	from	mezzanine	equity	to	equity	for	Convertible
Senior	Notes	due	in	2018
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
10,910
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
10,910
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
10,910
	
Issuance	of	common	stock	in	August	2015	public	offering	at
$242.00	per	share,	net	of
			issuance	costs	of	$11,122
	
	
—
	
	
	
3,099
	
	
	
3
	
	
	
738,405
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
738,408
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
738,408
	
Common	stock	issued,	net	of	shares	withheld	for	employee
taxes
	
	
—
	
	
	
2,638
	
	
	
2
	
	
	
106,533
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
106,535
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
106,535
	
Stock-based	compensation
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
208,338
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
208,338
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
208,338
	
Net	loss
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
(888,663
)
	
	
—
	
	
	
(888,663
)
	
	
—
	
	
	
(888,663
)
Other	comprehensive	loss
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
(3,534
)
	
	
(3,534
)
	
	
—
	
	
	
(3,534
)
Balance	as	of	December	31,	2015
	
	
—
	
	
	
131,425
	
	
	
131
	
	
	
3,409,452
	
	
	
(2,322,323
)
	
	
(3,556
)
	
	
1,083,704
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
1,083,704
	
Reclassification	from	mezzanine	equity	to	equity	for	Convertible
Senior	Notes	due	in	2018
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
38,501
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
38,501
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
38,501
	
Exercises	of	conversion	feature	of	Convertible	Senior	Notes	due
in	2018
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
(15,056
)
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
(15,056
)
	
	
—
	
	
	
(15,056
)
Common	stock	issued,	net	of	shares	withheld	for	employee
taxes
	
	
—
	
	
	
11,096
	
	
	
11
	
	
	
163,817
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
163,828
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
163,828
	
Issuance	of	common	stock	in	May	2016	public	offering	at
$215.00	per	share,	net	of
			issuance	costs	of	$14,595
	
	
—
	
	
	
7,915
	
	
	
8
	
	
	
1,687,139
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
1,687,147
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
1,687,147
	
Issuance	of	common	stock	upon	acquisition	of	SolarCity	and
assumed	awards
	
	
—
	
	
	
11,125
	
	
	
11
	
	
	
2,145,977
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
2,145,988
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
2,145,988
	
Stock-based	compensation
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
347,357
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
347,357
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
347,357
	
Assumption	of	capped	calls
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
(3,460
)
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
(3,460
)
	
	
—
	
	
	
(3,460
)
Assumption	of	noncontrolling	interests	through	acquisition
	
	
315,943
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
750,574
	
	
	
750,574
	
Contributions	from	noncontrolling	interests	through	acquisition
	
	
100,996
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
100,531
	
	
	
100,531
	
Distributions	to	noncontrolling	interests	through	acquisition
	
	
(7,137
)
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
(10,561
)
	
	
(10,561
)
Net	loss
	
	
(42,763
)
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
(674,914
)
	
	
—
	
	
	
(674,914
)
	
	
(55,369
)
	
	
(730,283
)
Other	comprehensive	loss
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
(20,184
)
	
	
(20,184
)
	
	
—
	
	
	
(20,184
)
Balance	as	of	December	31,	2016
	
	
367,039
	
	
	
161,561
	
	
	
161
	
	
	
7,773,727
	
	
	
(2,997,237
)
	
	
(23,740
)
	
	
4,752,911
	
	
	
785,175
	
	
	
5,538,086
	
Adjustment	of	prior	periods	due	to	adoption	of	Accounting
Standards	Update	No.	2016-09
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
15,662
	
	
	
(15,662
)
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
Conversion	feature	of	Convertible	Senior	Notes	due	in	2022
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
145,613
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
145,613
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
145,613
	
Purchases	of	bond	hedges
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
(204,102
)
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
(204,102
)
	
	
—
	
	
	
(204,102
)
Sales	of	warrants
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
52,883
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
52,883
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
52,883
	
Reclassification	from	mezzanine	equity	to	equity	for	Convertible
Senior	Notes	due	in	2018
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
8,714
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
8,714
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
8,714
	
Exercises	of	conversion	feature	of	Convertible	Senior	Notes	due
in	2018
	
	
—
	
	
	
1,408
	
	
	
2
	
	
	
230,151
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
230,153
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
230,153
	
Common	stock	issued,	net	of	shares	withheld	for	employee
taxes
	
	
—
	
	
	
4,257
	
	
	
4
	
	
	
259,381
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
259,385
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
259,385
	
Issuance	of	common	stock	in	March	2017	public	offering	at
$262.00	per	share,	net	of
			issuance	costs	of	$2,854
	
	
—
	
	
	
1,536
	
	
	
2
	
	
	
399,645
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
399,647
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
399,647
	
Issuance	of	common	stock	upon	acquisitions	and	assumed
awards
	
	
—
	
	
	
35
	
	
	
0
	
	
	
10,528
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
10,528
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
10,528
	
Stock-based	compensation
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
485,822
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
485,822
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
485,822
	
Contributions	from	noncontrolling	interests
	
	
192,421
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
597,282
	
	
	
597,282
	
Distributions	to	noncontrolling	interests
	
	
(100,703
)
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
(163,626
)
	
	
(163,626
)
Buy-outs	of	noncontrolling	interests
	
	
(2,921
)
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
(409
)
	
	
(409
)
Net	loss
	
	
(58,102
)
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
(1,961,400
)
	
	
—
	
	
	
(1,961,400
)
	
	
(221,076
)
	
	
(2,182,476
)
Other	comprehensive	loss
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
57,088
	
	
	
57,088
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
57,088
	
Balance	as	of	December	31,	2017
	
$
397,734
	
	
	
168,797
	
	
$
169
	
	
$
9,178,024
	
	
$
(4,974,299
)
	
$
33,348
	
	
$
4,237,242
	
	
$
997,346
	
	
$
5,234,588
	
sThe	accompanying	notes	are	an	integral	part	of	these	consolidated	financial	statements.
	
	
66	
Tesla,	Inc.
Consolidated	Statements	of	Cash	Flows
(in	thousands)
	
	
	
Year	Ended	December	31,
	
	
	
2017
	
	
2016
	
	
2015
	
Cash	Flows	from	Operating	Activities
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Net	loss
	
$
(2,240,578
)
	
$
(773,046
)
	
$
(888,663
)
Adjustments	to	reconcile	net	loss	to	net	cash	used	in	operating	activities:
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Depreciation	and	amortization
	
	
1,636,003
	
	
	
947,099
	
	
	
422,590
	
Stock-based	compensation
	
	
466,760
	
	
	
334,225
	
	
	
197,999
	
Amortization	of	debt	discounts	and	issuance	costs
	
	
91,037
	
	
	
94,690
	
	
	
78,054
	
Inventory	write-downs
	
	
131,665
	
	
	
65,520
	
	
	
44,940
	
Loss	on	disposals	of	fixed	assets
	
	
105,770
	
	
	
34,633
	
	
	
37,723
	
Foreign	currency	transaction	losses	(gains)
	
	
52,309
	
	
	
(29,183
)
	
	
55,765
	
Loss	(gain)	related	to	SolarCity	acquisition
	
	
57,746
	
	
	
(88,727
)
	
	
—
	
Non-cash	interest	and	other	operating	activities
	
	
135,237
	
	
	
(15,179
)
	
	
20,382
	
Changes	in	operating	assets	and	liabilities,	net	of	effect	of	business	combinations:
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Accounts	receivable
	
	
(24,635
)
	
	
(216,565
)
	
	
46,267
	
Inventories
	
	
(178,850
)
	
	
(632,867
)
	
	
(369,364
)
Operating	lease	vehicles
	
	
(1,522,573
)
	
	
(1,832,836
)
	
	
(1,204,496
)
Prepaid	expenses	and	other	current	assets
	
	
(72,084
)
	
	
56,806
	
	
	
(29,595
)
MyPower	customer	notes	receivable	and	other	assets
	
	
(15,453
)
	
	
(49,353
)
	
	
(24,362
)
Accounts	payable	and	accrued	liabilities
	
	
388,206
	
	
	
750,640
	
	
	
263,345
	
Deferred	revenue
	
	
468,902
	
	
	
382,962
	
	
	
322,203
	
Customer	deposits
	
	
170,027
	
	
	
388,361
	
	
	
36,721
	
Resale	value	guarantee
	
	
208,718
	
	
	
326,934
	
	
	
442,295
	
Other	long-term	liabilities
	
	
81,139
	
	
	
132,057
	
	
	
23,697
	
Net	cash	used	in	operating	activities
	
	
(60,654
)
	
	
(123,829
)
	
	
(524,499
)
Cash	Flows	from	Investing	Activities
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Purchases	of	property	and	equipment	excluding	capital	leases,	net	of	sales
	
	
(3,414,814
)
	
	
(1,280,802
)
	
	
(1,634,850
)
Maturities	of	short-term	marketable	securities
	
	
—
	
	
	
16,667
	
	
	
—
	
Purchases	of	solar	energy	systems,	leased	and	to	be	leased
	
	
(666,540
)
	
	
(159,669
)
	
	
—
	
Increases	in	restricted	cash
	
	
(223,090
)
	
	
(206,149
)
	
	
(26,441
)
Business	combinations,	net	of	cash	acquired
	
	
(114,523
)
	
	
213,523
	
	
	
(12,260
)
Net	cash	used	in	investing	activities
	
	
(4,418,967
)
	
	
(1,416,430
)
	
	
(1,673,551
)
Cash	Flows	from	Financing	Activities
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Proceeds	from	issuances	of	common	stock	in	public	offerings
	
	
400,175
	
	
	
1,701,734
	
	
	
730,000
	
Proceeds	from	issuances	of	convertible	and	other	debt
	
	
7,138,055
	
	
	
2,852,964
	
	
	
318,972
	
Repayments	of	convertible	and	other	debt
	
	
(3,995,484
)
	
	
(1,857,594
)
	
	
—
	
Repayments	of	borrowings	under	Solar	Bonds	issued	to	related	parties
	
	
(165,000
)
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
Collateralized	lease	borrowings
	
	
511,321
	
	
	
769,709
	
	
	
568,745
	
Proceeds	from	exercises	of	stock	options	and	other	stock	issuances
	
	
259,116
	
	
	
163,817
	
	
	
106,611
	
Principal	payments	on	capital	leases
	
	
(103,304
)
	
	
(46,889
)
	
	
(203,780
)
Common	stock	and	debt	issuance	costs
	
	
(63,111
)
	
	
(20,042
)
	
	
(17,025
)
Purchases	of	convertible	note	hedges
	
	
(204,102
)
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
Proceeds	from	settlements	of	convertible	note	hedges
	
	
287,213
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
Proceeds	from	issuances	of	warrants
	
	
52,883
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
Proceeds	from	issuance	of	common	stock	in	private	placement
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
20,000
	
Payments	for	settlements	of	warrants
	
	
(230,385
)
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
Proceeds	from	investments	by	noncontrolling	interests	in	subsidiaries
	
	
789,704
	
	
	
201,527
	
	
	
—
	
Distributions	paid	to	noncontrolling	interests	in	subsidiaries
	
	
(261,844
)
	
	
(21,250
)
	
	
—
	
Payments	for	buy-outs	of	noncontrolling	interests	in	subsidiaries
	
	
(373
)
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
Net	cash	provided	by	financing	activities
	
	
4,414,864
	
	
	
3,743,976
	
	
	
1,523,523
	
Effect	of	exchange	rate	changes	on	cash	and	cash	equivalents
	
	
39,455
	
	
	
(7,409
)
	
	
(34,278
)
Net	(decrease)	increase	in	cash	and	cash	equivalents
	
	
(25,302
)
	
	
2,196,308
	
	
	
(708,805
)
Cash	and	cash	equivalents,	beginning	of	period
	
	
3,393,216
	
	
	
1,196,908
	
	
	
1,905,713
	
Cash	and	cash	equivalents,	end	of	period
	
$
3,367,914
	
	
$
3,393,216
	
	
$
1,196,908
	
Supplemental	Non-Cash	Investing	and	Financing	Activities
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Shares	issued	in	connection	with	business	combinations	and	assumed	vested	awards
	
$
10,528
	
	
$
2,145,977
	
	
$
—
	
Acquisitions	of	property	and	equipment	included	in	liabilities
	
$
914,108
	
	
$
663,771
	
	
$
267,334
	
Estimated	fair	value	of	facilities	under	build-to-suit	leases
	
$
313,483
	
	
$
307,879
	
	
$
174,749
	
Supplemental	Disclosures
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Cash	paid	during	the	period	for	interest,	net	of	amounts	capitalized
	
$
182,571
	
	
$
38,693
	
	
$
32,060
	
Cash	paid	during	the	period	for	taxes,	net	of	refunds
	
$
65,695
	
	
$
16,385
	
	
$
9,461
	
The	accompanying	notes	are	an	integral	part	of	these	consolidated	financial	statements.
	
	
67	
Tesla,	Inc.
Notes	to	Consolidated	Financial	Statements
	
	
Note	1	–	Overview
Tesla,	Inc.	(“Tesla”,	the	“Company”,	“we”,	“us”	or	“our”)	was	incorporated	in	the	State	of	Delaware	on	July	1,	2003.	We	design,	develop,
manufacture	and	sell	high-performance	fully	electric	vehicles	and	design,	manufacture,	install	and	sell	solar	energy	generation	and	energy	storage
products.	Our	Chief	Executive	Officer,	as	the	chief	operating	decision	maker	(“CODM”),	organizes	the	Company,	manages	resource	allocations	and
measures	performance	among	two	operating	segments:	(i)	automotive	and	(ii)	energy	generation	and	storage.
	
	
Note	2	–	Summary	of	Significant	Accounting	Policies
Basis	of	Presentation	and	Preparation
Principles	of	Consolidation
The	accompanying	consolidated	financial	statements	have	been	prepared	in	conformity	with	U.S.	generally	accepted	accounting	principles
(“GAAP”)	and	reflect	our	accounts	and	operations	and	those	of	our	subsidiaries	in	which	we	have	a	controlling	financial	interest.	In	accordance	with	the
provisions	of	Accounting	Standards	Codification	(“ASC”)	810,	
Consolidation
,	we	consolidate	any	variable	interest	entity	(“VIE”)	of	which	we	are	the
primary	beneficiary.	We	form	VIEs	with	financing	fund	investors	in	the	ordinary	course	of	business	in	order	to	facilitate	the	funding	and	monetization	of
certain	attributes	associated	with	solar	energy	systems.	The	typical	condition	for	a	controlling	financial	interest	ownership	is	holding	a	majority	of	the
voting	interests	of	an	entity;	however,	a	controlling	financial	interest	may	also	exist	in	entities,	such	as	VIEs,	through	arrangements	that	do	not	involve
controlling	voting	interests.	ASC	810	requires	a	variable	interest	holder	to	consolidate	a	VIE	if	that	party	has	the	power	to	direct	the	activities	of	the	VIE
that	most	significantly	impact	the	VIE’s	economic	performance	and	the	obligation	to	absorb	losses	of	the	VIE	that	could	potentially	be	significant	to	the
VIE	or	the	right	to	receive	benefits	from	the	VIE	that	could	potentially	be	significant	to	the	VIE.	We	do	not	consolidate	a	VIE	in	which	we	have	a	majority
ownership	interest	when	we	are	not	considered	the	primary	beneficiary.	We	have	determined	that	we	are	the	primary	beneficiary	of	a	number	of	VIEs
(see	Note	
18
,	
VIE	Arrangements
).	We	evaluate	our	relationships	with	all	the	VIEs	on	an	ongoing	basis	to	ensure	that	we	continue	to	be	the	primary
beneficiary.	All	intercompany	transactions	and	balances	have	been	eliminated	upon	consolidation.
Reclassifications
Certain	prior	period	balances	have	been	reclassified	to	conform	to	the	current	period	presentation	in	the	consolidated	financial	statements	and
the	accompanying	notes.
Use	of	Estimates
The	preparation	of	financial	statements	in	conformity	with	GAAP	requires	management	to	make	estimates	and	assumptions	that	affect	the	reported
amounts	of	assets,	liabilities	and	disclosures	in	the	accompanying	notes.	Estimates	are	used	for,	but	not	limited	to,	determining	the	selling	price	of	products
and	services	in	multiple	element	revenue	arrangements	and	determining	the	amortization	period	of	these	elements,	the	collectability	of	accounts	receivable,
inventory	valuation,	fair	value	of	long-lived	assets,	fair	value	of	financial	instruments,	residual	value	of	operating	lease	vehicles,	depreciable	lives	of	property
and	equipment	and	solar	energy	systems,	fair	value	and	residual	value	of	solar	energy	systems	subject	to	leases,	warranty	liabilities,	income	taxes,
contingencies,	the	accrued	liability	for	solar	energy	system	performance	guarantees,	determining	lease	pass-through	financing	obligations,	the	discount
rates	used	to	determine	the	fair	value	of	investment	tax	credits,	the	valuation	of	build-to-suit	lease	assets,	fair	value	of	interest	rate	swaps	and	inputs	used	to
value	stock-based	compensation.	In	addition,	estimates	and	assumptions	are	used	for	the	accounting	for	business	combinations,	including	the	fair	values	and
useful	lives	of	acquired	assets,	assumed	liabilities	and	noncontrolling	interests.	Management	bases	its	estimates	on	historical	experience	and	on	various
other	assumptions	believed	to	be	reasonable,	the	results	of	which	form	the	basis	for	making	judgments	about	the	carrying	values	of	assets	and	liabilities.
Actual	results	could	differ	from	those	estimates.
	
68	
Summary	of	Significant	Accounting	Policies
Revenue	Recognition
We	recognize	revenue	for	products	and	services	when:	(i)	a	persuasive	evidence	of	an	arrangement	exists;	(ii)	delivery	has	occurred	and	there	are
no	uncertainties	regarding	customer	acceptance;	(iii)	pricing	or	fees	are	fixed	or	determinable	and	(iv)	collection	is	reasonably	assured.
Automotive	Revenue
Automotive	revenue	includes	revenues	related	to	deliveries	of	new	vehicles,	sales	of	regulatory	credits	to	other	automotive	manufacturers	and
specific	other	elements	that	meet	the	definition	of	a	deliverable	under	multiple-element	accounting	guidance,	including	free	internet	connectivity,	free
access	to	our	Supercharger	network	and	future	free	over-the-air	software	updates.	These	other	elements	are	valued	on	a	stand-alone	basis,	and	we
recognize	their	revenue	over	our	performance	period,	which	is	generally	the	eight-year	life	of	the	vehicle,	except	for	internet	connectivity,	which	is	over
the	free	four-year	period.	If	we	sell	a	deliverable	separately,	we	use	that	pricing	to	determine	its	fair	value;	otherwise,	we	use	our	best	estimated	selling
price	by	considering	costs	used	to	develop	and	deliver	the	service,	third-party	pricing	of	similar	options	and	other	information	that	may	be	available.	At
the	time	of	revenue	recognition,	we	record	a	reserve	against	revenue	for	estimated	future	product	returns.	Such	estimates	are	based	on	historical
experience	and	are	immaterial	in	all	periods	presented.	In	addition,	any	fees	that	are	paid	or	payable	by	us	to	a	customer’s	lender,	when	we	arrange	the
financing,	would	be	recognized	as	an	offset	against	automotive	sales	revenue,	in	accordance	with	ASC	605-50,	
Customer	Payments	and	Incentives
.
As	of	December	31,	2017	and	2016,	we	had	deferred	$498.9	million	and	$291.2	million,	respectively,	related	to	the	purchase	of	vehicle
maintenance	and	service	plans,	access	to	our	Supercharger	network,	internet	connectivity,	autopilot	and	over-the-air	software	updates.
Automotive	Leasing	Revenue
Automotive	leasing	revenue	includes	revenue	recognized	under	lease	accounting	guidance	for	our	direct	leasing	programs	as	well	as	programs
with	resale	value	guarantees.	See	“Vehicle	sales	to	customers	with	a	resale	value	guarantee,”	“Vehicle	sales	to	leasing	partners	with	a	resale	value
guarantee”	and	“Direct	Vehicle	Leasing	Program”	for	further	details.
Resale	Value	Guarantees	and	Other	Financing	Programs
Vehicle	sales	to	customers	with	a	resale	value	guarantee
Prior	to	June	30,	2016,	we	offered	resale	value	guarantees	or	similar	buy-back	terms	to	all	customers	who	purchased	vehicles	and	who	financed
their	vehicles	through	one	of	our	specified	commercial	banking	partners.	Since	June	30,	2016,	this	program	is	available	only	in	certain	international
markets.	Under	this	program,	customers	have	the	option	of	selling	their	vehicle	back	to	us	during	the	guarantee	period,	which	currently	is	generally	at
the	end	of	the	term	of	the	applicable	loan	or	financing	program,	for	a	determined	resale	value.	Although	we	receive	full	payment	for	the	vehicle	sales
price	at	the	time	of	delivery,	we	are	required	to	account	for	these	transactions	as	operating	leases.	The	amount	of	sale	proceeds	equal	to	the	resale	value
guarantee	is	deferred	until	the	guarantee	expires	or	is	exercised.	The	remaining	sale	proceeds	are	deferred	and	recognized	on	a	straight-line	basis	over
the	stated	guarantee	period	to	automotive	leasing	revenue.	The	guarantee	period	expires	at	the	earlier	of	the	end	of	the	guarantee	period	or	the	pay-off	of
the	initial	loan.	We	capitalize	the	cost	of	these	vehicles	on	the	consolidated	balance	sheet	as	operating	lease	vehicles,	net,	and	depreciate	their	value,	less
salvage	value,	to	cost	of	automotive	leasing	revenue	over	the	same	period.
In	cases	where	a	customer	retains	ownership	of	a	vehicle	at	the	end	of	the	guarantee	period,	the	resale	value	guarantee	liability	and	any
remaining	deferred	revenue	balances	related	to	the	vehicle	are	settled	to	automotive	leasing	revenue,	and	the	net	book	value	of	the	leased	vehicle	is
expensed	to	cost	of	automotive	leasing	revenue.	If	a	customer	returns	the	vehicle	to	us	during	the	guarantee	period,	we	purchase	the	vehicle	from	the
customer	in	an	amount	equal	to	the	resale	value	guarantee	and	settle	any	remaining	deferred	balances	to	automotive	leasing	revenue,	and	we	reclassify
the	net	book	value	of	the	vehicle	on	the	consolidated	balance	sheet	to	used	vehicle	inventory.	As	of	December	31,	2017	and	2016,	$375.7	million	and
$179.5	million,	respectively,	of	the	guarantees	were	exercisable	by	customers	within	the	next	12	months.
	
69	
Vehicle	sales	to	leasing	partners	with	a	resale	value	guarantee
We	also	offer	resale	value	guarantees	in	connection	with	automobile	sales	to	certain	leasing	partners.	As	we	have	guaranteed	the	value	of	these
vehicles	and	as	the	vehicles	are	leased	to	end-customers,	we	account	for	these	transactions	as	interest	bearing	collateralized	borrowings	as	required
under	ASC	840,
	Leases
.	Under	this	program,	cash	is	received	for	the	full	price	of	the	vehicle	and	is	recorded	within	resale	value	guarantees	for	the	long-
term	portion	and	deferred	revenue	for	the	current	portion.	We	accrete	the	deferred	revenue	amount	to	automotive	leasing	revenue	on	a	straight-line
basis	over	the	guarantee	period	and	accrue	interest	expense	based	on	our	borrowing	rate.	We	capitalize	vehicles	under	this	program	to	operating	lease
vehicles,	net,	on	the	consolidated	balance	sheet,	and	we	record	depreciation	from	these	vehicles	to	cost	of	automotive	leasing	revenue	during	the	period
the	vehicle	is	under	a	lease	arrangement.	Cash	received	for	these	vehicles,	net	of	revenue	recognized	during	the	period,	is	classified	as	collateralized
lease	borrowings	within	cash	flows	from	financing	activities	in	the	consolidated	statement	of	cash	flows.
At	the	end	of	the	lease	term,	we	settle	our	liability	in	cash	by	either	purchasing	the	vehicle	from	the	leasing	partner	for	the	resale	value
guarantee	amount	or	paying	a	shortfall	to	the	guarantee	amount	the	leasing	partner	may	realize	on	the	sale	of	the	vehicle.	Any	remaining	balances	within
deferred	revenue	and	resale	value	guarantee	will	be	settled	to	automotive	leasing	revenue.	In	cases	where	the	leasing	partner	retains	ownership	of	the
vehicle	after	the	end	of	our	guarantee	period,	we	expense	the	net	value	of	the	leased	vehicle	to	cost	of	automotive	leasing	revenue
.	The	maximum	amount
we	could	be	required	to	pay	under	this	program,	should	we	decide	to	repurchase	all	vehicles,	was	$742.9	million	and	$
855.9	
million	as	of	December	31,
2017	and	2016,	respectively,	including	$411.6	million	within	a	12-month	period	from	December	31,	2017.
As	of	December	31,	2017	and	2016,	we	had	
$1.64	billion
	and	$
1.18
	billion	of	such	borrowings	recorded	in	resale	value	guarantees	and
$339.5	million	and	$
289.1
	million	recorded	in	deferred	revenue	liability,	
respectively.	As	of	December
	31
,	2017	and	2016,	we	had	a	total	of	$26.2	million
and	$57.0	million,	respectively,	in	accounts	receivable	from	our	leasing	partners
.
On	a	quarterly	basis,	we	assess	the	estimated	market	values	of	vehicles	under	our	resale	value	guarantee	program	to	determine	if	we	have
sustained	a	loss	on	any	of	these	contracts.	As	we	accumulate	more	data	related	to	the	resale	values	of	our	vehicles	or	as	market	conditions	change,	there
may	be	material	changes	to	their	estimated	values.
	
70	
Activity	related	to	our	resale	value	guarantee	and	similar	programs	consisted	of	the	following	(in	thousands):
	
	
	
Year	Ended	December	31,
	
	
	
2017
	
	
2016
	
Operating	Lease	Vehicles
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Operating	lease	vehicles—beginning	of	period
	
$
2,462,061
	
	
$
1,556,529
	
Net	increase	in	operating	lease	vehicles
	
	
1,208,445
	
	
	
1,355,128
	
Depreciation	expense	recorded	in	cost
			of	automotive	leasing	revenues
	
	
(377,491
)
	
	
(255,167
)
Additional	depreciation	expense	recorded	in
			cost	of	automotive	leasing	revenues	as
			a	result	of	early	cancellation	of	resale
			value	guarantee
	
	
(22,156
)
	
	
(13,495
)
Additional	depreciation	expense	recorded	in
			cost	of	automotive	leasing	revenues
			as	a	result	of	expiration
	
	
(138,760
)
	
	
(114,264
)
Increases	to	inventory	from	vehicles
			returned	under	our	trade-in	program
			and	exercises	of	resale	value	guarantee
	
	
(76,675
)
	
	
(66,670
)
Operating	lease	vehicles—end	of	period
	
$
3,055,424
	
	
$
2,462,061
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Deferred	Revenue
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Deferred	revenue—beginning	of	period
	
$
916,652
	
	
$
679,132
	
Net	increase	in	deferred	revenue	from	new
			vehicle	deliveries	and	reclassification	of
			collateralized	borrowing	from	long-term
			to	short-term
	
	
742,817
	
	
	
715,011
	
Amortization	of	deferred	revenue	and
			short-term	collateralized	borrowing
			recorded	in	automotive	leasing	revenue
	
	
(634,317
)
	
	
(457,113
)
Additional	revenue	recorded	in	automotive
			leasing	revenue	as	a	result	of	early
			cancellation	of	resale	value	guarantee
	
	
(3,451
)
	
	
(5,192
)
Recognition	of	deferred	revenue	resulting
			from	return	of	vehicle	under	trade-in
			program,	expiration,	and	exercises	of
			resale	value	guarantee
	
	
(15,765
)
	
	
(15,186
)
Deferred	revenue—end	of	period
	
$
1,005,936
	
	
$
916,652
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Resale	Value	Guarantee
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Resale	value	guarantee	liability—beginning
			of	period
	
$
2,389,927
	
	
$
1,430,573
	
Increase	in	resale	value	guarantee
	
	
1,201,660
	
	
	
1,267,445
	
Reclassification	from	long-term	to
			short-term	collateralized	borrowing
	
	
(257,075
)
	
	
(116,078
)
Additional	revenue	recorded	in	automotive
			leasing	revenue	as	a	result	of	early
			cancellation	of	resale	value	guarantee
	
	
(18,781
)
	
	
(16,543
)
Release	of	resale	value	guarantee	resulting
			from	return	of	vehicle	under	trade-in
			program	and	exercises
	
	
(80,599
)
	
	
(62,919
)
Release	of	resale	value	guarantee	resulting
			from	expiration	of	resale	value	guarantee
	
	
(138,577
)
	
	
(112,551
)
Resale	value	guarantee	liability—end	of	period
	
$
3,096,555
	
	
$
2,389,927
Direct	Vehicle	Leasing	Program
We	offer	a	vehicle	leasing	program	in	certain	locations	in	the	North	America	and	Europe.	Qualifying	customers	are	permitted	to	lease	a	vehicle
directly	from	Tesla	for	up	to	48	months.	At	the	end	of	the	lease	term,
	
71	
customers	have	the	option	of	either	returning	the	vehicle	to	us	or	purchasing	it	for	a	pre-determined	residual	value.	We	account	for	these	leasing
transactions	as	operating	leases,	and	we	recognize	leasing	revenues	on	a	straight-line	basis	over	the	contractual	term	and	record	the	depreciation	of
these	vehicles	to	cost	of	automotive	leasing	revenue.	As	of	December	31,	2017	and	2016,	we	had	deferred	$96.6	million	and	$
67.2
	
million,	respectively,	of
lease-related	upfront	payments	which	will	be	recognized	on	a	straight-line	basis	over	the	contractual	term	of	the	individual	leases.	Lease	revenues	are
recorded	in	automotive	leasing	revenue,	and	for	the	years	ended	December	31,	2017,	2016	and	2015,	we	recognized	
$220.6	
million,	$
112.7
	
million	and
$41.2	million,	respectively.
Regulatory	Credits
California	and	certain	other	states	have	laws	in	place	requiring	vehicle	manufacturers	to	ensure	that	a	portion	of	the	vehicles	delivered	for	sale	in
that	state	during	each	model	year	are	zero-emission	vehicles.	These	laws	and	regulations	provide	that	a	manufacturer	of	zero-emission	vehicles	may	earn
regulatory	credits	(“ZEV	credits”)	and	may	sell	excess	credits	to	other	manufacturers	who	apply	such	credits	to	comply	with	these	regulatory	requirements.
Similar	regulations	exist	at	the	federal	level	that	require	compliance	related	to	greenhouse	gas	(“GHG”)	emissions	and	also	allow	for	the	sale	of	excess
credits	by	one	manufacturer	to	other	manufacturers.	As	a	manufacturer	solely	of	zero-emission	vehicles,	we	have	earned	emission	credits,	such	as	ZEV	and
GHG	credits,	on	our	vehicles,	and	we	expect	to	continue	to	earn	these	credits	in	the	future.	We	enter	into	contractual	agreements	with	third-parties	to
purchase	our	regulatory	credits.
We	recognize	revenue	on	the	sale	of	regulatory	credits	at	the	time	legal	title	to	the	regulatory	credits	is	transferred	to	the	purchasing	party	as
automotive	revenue	in	the	consolidated	statement	of	operations.	Revenue	from	the	sale	of	regulatory	credits	totaled	$360.3	million,	$302.3	million	and
$168.7	million	for	the	years	ended	December	31,	2017,	2016	and	2015,	respectively.
Additionally,	we	have	entered	into	agreements	with	the	State	of	Nevada	and	Storey	County	in	Nevada	that	will	provide	abatements	for	sales,	use,
real	property,	personal	property	and	employer	excise	taxes,	discounts	to	the	base	tariff	energy	rates	and	transferable	tax	credits.	These	incentives	are
available	for	the	applicable	periods	beginning	on	October	17,	2014	and	ending	on	June	30,	2034,	subject	to	capital	investments	by	us	and	our	partners	for
Gigafactory	1	of	at	least	$3.50	billion	in	the	aggregate	on	or	before	June	30,	2024,	which	were	met	as	of	December	31,	2017,	and	certain	other	conditions
specified	in	the	agreements.	If	we	do	not	satisfy	one	or	more	conditions	under	the	agreement,	we	would	be	required	to	repay	to	the	respective	taxing
authorities	the	amounts	of	the	tax	incentives	incurred	plus	interest.	As	of	December	31,	2017	and	2016,	we	had	earned	$163.0	million	and	$45	million,
respectively,	of	transferable	tax	credits	under	these	agreements.	We	record	these	credits	as	earned	when	we	have	evidence	there	is	a	market	for	their
sale.	Credits	are	applied	as	a	cost	offset	to	either	employee	expense	or	to	capital	assets,	depending	on	the	source	of	the	credits.	Credits	earned	from
employee	hires	or	capital	spending	by	our	partners	at	Gigafactory	1	are	recorded	as	a	reduction	to	operating	expenses.
Service	and	Other	Revenue
Service	and	other	revenue	consists	of	repair	and	maintenance	services,	service	plans,	merchandise,	sales	of	used	Tesla	vehicles,	sales	of	electric
vehicle	powertrain	components	and	systems	to	other	manufacturers	and	sales	of	non-Tesla	vehicle	trade-ins.
Energy	Generation	and	Storage	Segment
For	solar	energy	systems	and	components	sales	wherein	customers	pay	the	full	purchase	price,	either	directly	or	through	the	solar	loan	program,
revenue	is	recognized	when	we	install	a	solar	energy	system	and	the	solar	energy	system	passes	inspection	by	the	utility	or	the	authority	having
jurisdiction,	provided	all	other	revenue	recognition	criteria	have	been	met.	In	instances	where	there	are	multiple	deliverables	in	a	single	arrangement,	we
allocate	the	arrangement	consideration	to	the	various	elements	in	the	arrangement	based	on	the	relative	selling	price	method.	Costs	incurred	on
residential	installations	before	the	solar	energy	systems	are	completed	are	included	in	inventories	as	work-in-progress	in	the	consolidated	balance	sheet.
However,	any	fees	that	are	paid	or	payable	by	us	to	a	solar	loan	lender	would	be	recognized	as	an	offset	against	energy	generation	and	storage	revenue,
in	accordance	with	ASC	605-50,	
Customer	Payments	and	Incentives
.	Revenue	from	an	energy	storage	product	sale	is	recognized	when	the	product	has
been	delivered,	installed	and	accepted	by	the	customer,	provided	all	other	revenue	recognition	criteria	have	been	met.
	
72	
For	revenue	arrangements	where	we	are	the	lessor	under	operating	lease	agreements	for	solar	energy	systems,	including	energy	storage
products,	we	record	lease	revenue	from	minimum	lease	payments,	including	upfront	rebates	and	incentives	earned	from	such	systems,	on	a	straight-line
basis	over	the	life	of	the	lease	term,	assuming	all	other	revenue	recognition	criteria	have	been	met.	For	incentives	that	are	earned	based	on	the	amount	of
electricity	generated	by	the	system,	we	record	revenue	as	the	amounts	are	earned.	The	difference	between	the	payments	received	and	the	revenue
recognized	is	recorded	as	deferred	revenue	on	the	consolidated	balance	sheet.
For	solar	energy	systems	where	customers	purchase	electricity	from	us	under	power	purchase	agreements,	we	have	determined	that	these
agreements	should	be	accounted	for,	in	substance,	as	operating	leases	pursuant	to	ASC	840.	Revenue	is	recognized	based	on	the	amount	of	electricity
delivered	at	rates	specified	under	the	contracts,	assuming	all	other	revenue	recognition	criteria	are	met.
We	record	as	deferred	revenue	any	amounts	that	are	collected	from	customers,	including	lease	prepayments,	in	excess	of	revenue	recognized.
Deferred	revenue	also	includes	the	portion	of	rebates	and	incentives	received	from	utility	companies	and	various	local	and	state	government	agencies,
which	are	recognized	as	revenue	over	the	lease	term,	as	well	as	the	fees	charged	for	remote	monitoring	service,	which	is	recognized	as	revenue	ratably
over	the	respective	customer	contract	term.	As	of	December	31,	2017	and	2016,	deferred	revenue	related	to	such	customer	payments	amounted	to
$320.0	million	and	$268.2	million,	respectively.	As	of	December	31,	2017	and	2016,	deferred	revenue	from	rebates	and	incentives	was	not	material.
We	capitalize	initial	direct	costs	from	the	origination	of	solar	energy	system	leases	or	power	purchase	agreements	(i.e.	the	incremental	cost	of
contract	administration,	referral	fees	and	sales	commissions)	as	an	element	of	solar	energy	systems,	leased	and	to	be	leased,	net,	and	subsequently
amortize	these	costs	over	the	term	of	the	related	lease	or	power	purchase	agreement.
Cost	of	Revenue
Automotive
Cost	of	automotive	revenue	includes	direct	parts,	material	and	labor	costs,	manufacturing	overhead	(including	amortized	tooling	costs),	shipping
and	logistic	costs,	vehicle	internet	connectivity	costs,	allocations	of	electricity	and	infrastructure	costs	related	to	our	Supercharger	network	and	reserves
for	estimated	warranty	expenses.	Cost	of	automotive	revenue	also	includes	adjustments	to	warranty	expense	and	charges	to	write-down	the	carrying
value	of	our	inventory	when	it	exceeds	its	estimated	net	realizable	value	and	to	provide	for	on-hand	inventory	that	is	either	obsolete	or	in	excess	of
forecasted	demand.
Automotive	Leasing
Cost	of	automotive	leasing	revenue	includes	primarily	the	amortization	of	operating	lease	vehicles	over	the	lease	term	as	well	as	warranty
expenses	recognized	as	incurred.
Service	and	Other
Cost	of	service	and	other	revenue	includes	direct	parts,	material	and	labor	costs,	manufacturing	overhead	associated	with	sales	of	electric	vehicle
powertrain	components	and	systems	to	other	manufacturers,	costs	associated	with	providing	maintenance	and	development	services	and	costs	associated
with	sales	of	used	vehicles.
Energy	Generation	and	Storage
Energy	generation	and	storage	cost	of	revenue	includes	direct	and	indirect	material	and	labor	costs,	warehouse	rent,	freight,	warranty	expense,
other	overhead	costs	and	amortization	of	certain	acquired	intangible	assets.	In	addition,	where	arrangements	are	accounted	for	as	operating	leases,	the
cost	of	revenue	is	primarily	comprised	of	depreciation	of	the	cost	of	leased	solar	energy	systems,	maintenance	costs	associated	with	those	systems	and
amortization	of	any	initial	direct	costs.
Sales	and	Other	Use	Taxes
Taxes	assessed	by	various	government	entities,	such	as	sales,	use	and	value	added	taxes,	collected	at	the	time	of	sale	are	excluded	from
automotive	net	sales	and	revenue.
	
73	
Transportation	Costs
Amounts	billed	to	customers	related	to	shipping	and	handling	are	classified	as	automotive	revenue,	and	the	related	transportation	costs	are
included	in	cost	of	automotive	revenue.
Research	and	Development	Costs
Research	and	development	costs	are	expensed	as	incurred.
Marketing,	Promotional	and	Advertising	Costs
Marketing,	promotional	and	advertising	costs	are	expensed	as	incurred	and	are	included	as	an	element	of	selling,	general	and	administrative
expense	in	the	consolidated	statement	of	operations.	We	incurred	marketing,	promotional	and	advertising	costs	of	$66.5	million,	$48.0	million	and
$58.3	million	in	the	years	ended	December	31,	2017,	2016	and	2015,	respectively.
Income	Taxes
Income	taxes	are	computed	using	the	asset	and	liability	method,	under	which	deferred	tax	assets	and	liabilities	are	determined	based	on	the
difference	between	the	financial	statement	and	tax	bases	of	assets	and	liabilities	using	enacted	tax	rates	in	effect	for	the	year	in	which	the	differences	are
expected	to	affect	taxable	income.	Valuation	allowances	are	established	when	necessary	to	reduce	deferred	tax	assets	to	the	amount	expected	to	be
realized.
We	record	liabilities	related	to	uncertain	tax	positions	when,	despite	our	belief	that	our	tax	return	positions	are	supportable,	we	believe	that	it	is
more	likely	than	not	that	those	positions	may	not	be	fully	sustained	upon	review	by	tax	authorities.	Accrued	interest	and	penalties	related	to	unrecognized
tax	benefits	are	classified	as	income	tax	expense.
Comprehensive	Income	(Loss)
Comprehensive	income	(loss)	is	comprised	of	net	income	(loss)	and	other	comprehensive	income	(loss).	Other	comprehensive	
income
	(loss)
consists	of	unrealized	gains	and	losses	on	cash	flow	hedges	and	available-for-sale	marketable	securities	and	foreign	currency	translation	adjustments	that
have	been	excluded	from	the	determination	of	net	income	(loss).
Stock-Based	Compensation
We	recognize	compensation	expense	for	costs	related	to	all	share-based	payments,	including	stock	options,	restricted	stock	units	(“RSUs”)	and
our	employee	stock	purchase	plan	(the	“ESPP”).	The	fair	value	of	stock	options	and	the	ESPP	is	estimated	on	the	grant	or	offering	date	using	the	Black-
Scholes	option-pricing	model.	The	fair	value	of	RSUs	is	measured	on	the	grant	date	based	on	the	closing	fair	market	value	of	our	common	stock.	Stock-
based	compensation	expense	is	recognized	on	a	straight-line	basis	over	the	requisite	service	period,	net	of	actual	forfeitures	in	the	period	(prior	to	2017,
net	of	estimated	projected	forfeitures).	Stock-based	compensation	associated	with	awards	assumed	from	the	acquisition	of	SolarCity	Corporation
(“SolarCity”)	is	measured	as	of	the	acquisition	date	using	the	relevant	assumptions	and	recognized	on	a	straight-line	basis	over	the	remaining	requisite
service	period,	net	of	actual	forfeitures	in	the	period	(prior	to	2017,	net	of	estimated	projected	forfeitures).
For	performance-based	awards,	stock-based	compensation	expense	is	recognized	over	the	expected	performance	achievement	period	of
individual	performance	milestones	when	the	achievement	of	each	individual	performance	milestone	becomes	probable.	For	performance-based	awards
with	a	vesting	schedule	based	entirely	on	the	attainment	of	both	performance	and	market	conditions,	stock-based	compensation	expense	is	recognized	for
each	pair	of	performance	and	market	conditions	over	the	longer	of	the	expected	achievement	period	of	the	performance	and	market	conditions,	beginning
at	the	point	in	time	that	the	relevant	performance	condition	is	considered	probable	of	achievement.	The	fair	value	of	such	awards	is	estimated	on	the
grant	date	using	Monte	Carlo	simulations	(see	Note	
15,
	
Equity	Incentive	Plans
).
Noncontrolling	Interests	and	Redeemable	Noncontrolling	Interests
Noncontrolling	interests	and	redeemable	noncontrolling	interests	represent	third-party	interests	in	the	net	assets	under	certain	funding
arrangements,	or	funds,	that	we	enter	into	to	finance	the	costs	of	solar	energy	systems
	
74	
and	vehicles	under	operating	leases.	We	have	determined	that	the	contractual	provisions	of	the	funds	represent	substantive	profit	sharing	arrangements.
We	have	further	determined	that	the	appropriate	methodology	for	calculating	the	noncontrolling	interest	and	redeemable	noncontrolling	interest
balances	that	reflects	the	substantive	profit	sharing	arrangements	is	a	balance	sheet	approach	using	the	hypothetical	liquidation	at	book	value	(“HLBV”)
method.	We,	therefore,	determine	the	amount	of	the	noncontrolling	interests	and	redeemable	noncontrolling	interests	in	the	net	assets	of	the	funds	at
each	balance	sheet	date	using	the	HLBV	method,	which	is	presented	on	the	consolidated	balance	sheet	as	noncontrolling	interests	in	subsidiaries	and
redeemable	noncontrolling	interests	in	subsidiaries.	Under	the	HLBV	method,	the	amounts	reported	as	noncontrolling	interests	and	redeemable
noncontrolling	interests	in	the	consolidated	balance	sheet	represent	the	amounts	the	third-parties	would	hypothetically	receive	at	each	balance	sheet
date	under	the	liquidation	provisions	of	the	funds,	assuming	the	net	assets	of	the	funds	were	liquidated	at	their	recorded	amounts	determined	in
accordance	with	GAAP	and	with	tax	laws	effective	at	the	balance	sheet	date	and	distributed	to	the	third-parties.	The	third-parties’	interests	in	the	results
of	operations	of	the	funds	are	determined	as	the	difference	in	the	noncontrolling	interest	and	redeemable	noncontrolling	interest	balances	in	the
consolidated	balance	sheets	between	the	start	and	end	of	each	reporting	period,	after	taking	into	account	any	capital	transactions	between	the	funds	and
the	third-parties.	However,	the	redeemable	noncontrolling	interest	balance	is	at	least	equal	to	the	redemption	amount.	The	redeemable	noncontrolling
interest	balance	is	presented	as	temporary	equity	in	the	mezzanine	section	of	the	consolidated	balance	sheet	since	these	third-parties	have	the	right	to
redeem	their	interests	in	the	funds	for	cash	or	other	assets.
Net	Income	(Loss)	per	Share	of	Common	Stock	Attributable	to	Common	Stockholders
Basic	net	income	(loss)	per	share	of	common	stock	attributable	to	common	stockholders	is	calculated	by	dividing	net	income	(loss)	attributable	to
common	stockholders	by	the	weighted-average	shares	of	common	stock	outstanding	for	the	period.	Potentially	dilutive	shares,	which	are	based	on	the
weighted-average	shares	of	common	stock	underlying	outstanding	stock-based	awards,	warrants	and	convertible	senior	notes	using	the	treasury	stock
method	or	the	if-converted	method,	as	applicable,	are	included	when	calculating	diluted	net	income	(loss)	per	share	of	common	stock	attributable	to
common	stockholders	when	their	effect	is	dilutive.	Since	we	expect	to	settle	in	cash	the	principal	outstanding	under	the	0.25%	Convertible	Senior	Notes
due	in	2019,	the	1.25%	Convertible	Senior	Notes	due	in	2021	and	the	2.375%	Convertible	Senior	Notes	due	in	2022,	we	use	the	treasury	stock	method
when	calculating	their	potential	dilutive	effect,	if	any.	The	following	table	presents	the	potentially	dilutive	shares	that	were	excluded	from	the
computation	of	diluted	net	income	(loss)	per	share	of	common	stock	attributable	to	common	stockholders,	because	their	effect	was	anti-dilutive:
	
	
Year	Ended	December	31,
	
	
	
2017
	
	
2016
	
	
2015
	
Stock-based	awards
	
	
10,456,363
	
	
	
12,091,473
	
	
	
15,592,736
	
Convertible	senior	notes
	
	
2,315,463
	
	
	
841,191
	
	
	
2,431,265
	
Warrants
	
	
579,137
	
	
	
262,702
	
	
	
1,049,791
	
Business	Combinations
We	account	for	business	acquisitions	under	ASC	805,	
Business	Combinations
.	The	total	purchase	consideration	for	an	acquisition	is	measured	as
the	fair	value	of	the	assets	given,	equity	instruments	issued	and	liabilities	assumed	at	the	acquisition	date.	Costs	that	are	directly	attributable	to	the
acquisition	are	expensed	as	incurred.	Identifiable	assets	(including	intangible	assets),	liabilities	assumed	(including	contingent	liabilities)	and
noncontrolling	interests	in	an	acquisition	are	measured	initially	at	their	fair	values	at	the	acquisition	date.	We	recognize	goodwill	if	the	fair	value	of	the
total	purchase	consideration	and	any	noncontrolling	interests	is	in	excess	of	the	net	fair	value	of	the	identifiable	assets	acquired	and	the	liabilities
assumed.	We	recognize	a	bargain	purchase	gain	within	other	income	(expense),	net,	on	the	consolidated	statement	of	operations	if	the	net	fair	value	of
the	identifiable	assets	acquired	and	the	liabilities	assumed	is	in	excess	of	the	fair	value	of	the	total	purchase	consideration	and	any	noncontrolling
interests.	We	include	the	results	of	operations	of	the	acquired	business	in	the	consolidated	financial	statements	beginning	on	the	acquisition	date.
Cash	and	Cash	Equivalents
All	highly	liquid	investments	with	an	original	maturity	of	three	months	or	less	at	the	date	of	purchase	are	considered	cash	equivalents.	Our	cash
equivalents	are	primarily	comprised	of	money	market	funds.
	
75	
Restricted	Cash	and	Deposits
We	maintain	certain	cash	balances	restricted	as	to	withdrawal	or	use.	Our	restricted	cash	is	comprised	primarily	of	cash	as	collateral	for	our
sales	to	lease	partners	with	a	resale	value	guarantee,	letters	of	credit,	real	estate	leases,	insurance	policies,	credit	card	borrowing	facilities	and	certain
operating	leases.	In	addition,	restricted	cash	includes	cash	received	from	certain	fund	investors	that	have	not	been	released	for	use	by	us	and	cash	held
to	service	certain	payments	under	various	secured	debt	facilities.
Accounts	Receivable	and	Allowance	for	Doubtful
	
Accounts
Accounts	receivable	primarily	include	amounts	related	to	sales	of	powertrain	systems,	sales	of	energy	generation	and	storage	products,
receivables	from	financial	institutions	and	leasing	companies	offering	various	financing	products	to	our	customers,	sales	of	regulatory	credits	to	other
automotive	manufacturers	and	maintenance	services	on	vehicles	owned	by	leasing	companies.	We	provide	an	allowance	against	accounts	receivable	to
the	amount	we	reasonably	believe	will	be	collected.	We	write-off	accounts	receivable	when	they	are	deemed	uncollectible.
We	typically	do	not	carry	significant	accounts	receivable	related	to	our	vehicle	and	related	sales	as	customer	payments	are	due	prior	to	vehicle
delivery,	except	for	amounts	due	from	commercial	financial	institutions	for	approved	financing	arrangements	between	our	customers	and	the	financial
institutions.
MyPower	Customer	Notes	Receivable
We	have	customer	notes	receivable	under	the	legacy	MyPower	loan	program.	MyPower	was	offered	by	SolarCity	to	provide	residential	customers
with	the	option	to	finance	the	purchase	of	a	solar	energy	system	through	a	30-year	loan.	The	outstanding	balances,	net	of	any	allowance	for	potentially
uncollectible	amounts,	are	presented	on	the	consolidated	balance	sheet	as	a	component	of	prepaid	expenses	and	other	current	assets	for	the	current
portion	and	as	MyPower	customer	notes	receivable,	net	of	current	portion,	for	the	long-term	portion.	In	determining	the	allowance	and	credit	quality	for
customer	notes	receivable,	we	identify	significant	customers	with	known	disputes	or	collection	issues	and	also	consider	our	historical	level	of	credit	losses
and	current	economic	trends	that	might	impact	the	level	of	future	credit	losses.	Customer	notes	receivable	that	are	individually	impaired	are	charged-off
as	a	write-off	of	the	allowance	for	losses.	Since	acquisition,	there	have	been	no	new	significant	customers	with	known	disputes	or	collection	issues,	and
the	amount	of	potentially	uncollectible	amounts	has	been	insignificant.	Accordingly,	we	did	not	establish	an	allowance	for	losses	against	customer	notes
receivable.	In	addition,	there	were	no	material	non-accrual	or	past	due	customer	notes	receivable	as	of	December	31,	2017.
Concentration	of	Risk
Credit	Risk
Financial	instruments	that	potentially	subject	us	to	a	concentration	of	credit	risk	consist	of	cash,	cash	equivalents,	restricted	cash,	accounts
receivable	and	interest	rate	swaps.	Our	cash	balances	are	primarily	invested	in	money	market	funds	or	on	deposit	at	high	credit	quality	financial
institutions	in	the	U.S.	At	times,	these	deposits	may	be	in	excess	of	insured	limits.	As	of	December	31,	2017,	no	entity	represented	10%	or	more	of	our
total	accounts	receivable	balance.	As	of	December	31,	2016,	one	entity	represented	approximately	10%	of	our	total	accounts	receivable	balance.	The	risk
of	concentration	for	our	interest	rate	swaps	is	mitigated	by	transacting	with	several	highly-rated	multinational	banks.
Supply	Risk
We	are	dependent	on	our	suppliers,	the	majority	of	which	are	single	source	suppliers,	and	the	inability	of	these	suppliers	to	deliver	necessary
components	of	our	products	in	a	timely	manner	at	prices,	quality	levels	and	volumes	acceptable	to	us,	or	our	inability	to	efficiently	manage	these
components	from	these	suppliers,	could	have	a	material	adverse	effect	on	our	business,	prospects,	financial	condition	and	operating	results.
Inventory	Valuation
Inventories	are	stated	at	the	lower	of	cost	or	net	realizable	value.	Cost	is	computed	using	standard	cost	for	vehicles	and	energy	storage	products,
which	approximates	actual	cost	on	a	first-in,	first-out	basis.	In	addition,	cost
	
76	
for	solar	energy	systems	are	recorded	using	actual	cost.	We	record	inventory	write-downs	for	excess	or	obsolete	inventories	based	upon	assumptions
about	on	current	and	future	demand	forecasts.	If	our	inventory	on-hand	is	in	excess	of	our	future	demand	forecast,	the	excess	amounts	are	written-off.
We	also	review	our	inventory	to	determine	whether	its	carrying	value	exceeds	the	net	amount	realizable	upon	the	ultimate	sale	of	the	inventory.
This	requires	us	to	determine	the	estimated	selling	price	of	our	vehicles	less	the	estimated	cost	to	convert	the	inventory	on-hand	into	a	finished	product.
Once	inventory	is	written-down,	a	new,	lower	cost	basis	for	that	inventory	is	established	and	subsequent	changes	in	facts	and	circumstances	do	not	result
in	the	restoration	or	increase	in	that	newly	established	cost	basis.
Should	our	estimates	of	future	selling	prices	or	production	costs	change,	additional	and	potentially	material	increases	to	this	reserve	may	be
required.	A	small	change	in	our	estimates	may	result	in	a	material	charge	to	our	reported	financial	results.
Operating	Lease	Vehicles
Vehicles	delivered	under	our	resale	value	guarantee	program,	vehicles	that	are	leased	as	part	of	our	leasing	programs	as	well	as	any	vehicles	that
are	sold	with	a	significant	buy-back	guarantee	are	classified	as	operating	lease	vehicles	as	the	related	revenue	transactions	are	treated	as	operating
leases.	Operating	lease	vehicles	are	recorded	at	cost	less	accumulated	depreciation.	Depreciation	is	computed	using	the	straight-line	method	over	the
expected	operating	lease	term.	The	total	cost	of	operating	lease	vehicles	recorded	on	the	consolidated	balance	sheets	as	of	December	31,	2017	and	2016
was	$4.85	billion	and	$3.53	billion,	respectively.	Accumulated	depreciation	related	to	leased	vehicles	as	of	December	31,	2017,	and	2016	was
$733.3	million	and	$399.5	million,	respectively.
Solar	Energy	Systems,	Leased	and	To	Be	Leased
We	are	the	lessor	of	solar	energy	systems	under	leases	that	qualify	as	operating	leases.	Our	leases	are	accounted	for	in	accordance	with	ASC	840.
To	determine	lease	classification,	we	evaluate	the	lease	terms	to	determine	whether	there	is	a	transfer	of	ownership	or	bargain	purchase	option	at	the
end	of	the	lease,	whether	the	lease	term	is	greater	than	75%	of	the	useful	life	or	whether	the	present	value	of	the	minimum	lease	payments	exceed	90%
of	the	fair	value	at	lease	inception.	We	utilize	periodic	appraisals	to	estimate	useful	lives	and	fair	values	at	lease	inception	and	residual	values	at	lease
termination.	Solar	energy	systems	are	stated	at	cost	less	accumulated	depreciation.
Depreciation	and	amortization	is	calculated	using	the	straight-line	method	over	the	estimated	useful	lives	of	the	respective	assets,	as	follows:
	
Solar	energy	systems	leased	to	customers
	
30	to	35	years
Initial	direct	costs	related	to	customer	solar
			energy	system	lease	acquisition	costs
	
Lease	term	(up	to	25
years)
	
Solar	energy	systems	held	for	lease	to	customers	are	installed	systems	pending	interconnection	with	the	respective	utility	companies	and	will	be
depreciated	as	solar	energy	systems	leased	to	customers	when	they	have	been	interconnected	and	placed	in-service.	Solar	energy	systems	under
construction	represents	systems	that	are	under	installation,	which	will	be	depreciated	as	solar	energy	systems	leased	to	customers	when	they	are
completed,	interconnected	and	leased	to	customers.	Initial	direct	costs	related	to	customer	solar	energy	system	lease	acquisition	costs	are	capitalized	and
amortized	over	the	term	of	the	related	customer	lease	agreements.
	
77	
Property,	Plant	and	Equipment
Property,	plant	and	equipment,	including	leasehold	improvements,	are	recognized	at	cost	less	accumulated	depreciation	and	amortization.
Depreciation	is	generally	computed	using	the	straight-line	method	over	the	estimated	useful	lives	of	the	respective	assets,	as	follows:
	
Machinery,	equipment,	vehicles	and	office
			furniture
	
2	to	12	years
Building	and	building	improvements
	
15	to	30	years
Computer	equipment	and	software
	
3	to	10	years
	
Depreciation	for	tooling	is	computed	using	the	units-of-production	method	whereby	capitalized	costs	are	amortized	over	the	total	estimated
productive	life	of	the	respective	assets.	As	of	December	31,	2017,	the	estimated	productive	life	for	Model	S	and	X	tooling	was	250,000	vehicles	based	on
our	current	estimates	of	production.	As	of	December	31,	2017,	the	estimated	productive	life	for	Model	3	tooling	was	1,000,000	vehicles	based	on	our
current	estimates	of	production.
Leasehold	improvements	are	amortized	on	a	straight-line	basis	over	the	shorter	of	their	estimated	useful	lives	or	the	terms	of	the	related	leases.
Upon	the	retirement	or	sale	of	our	property,	plant	and	equipment,	the	cost	and	associated	accumulated	depreciation	are	removed	from	the
consolidated	balance	sheet,	and	the	resulting	gain	or	loss	is	reflected	on	the	consolidated	statement	of	operations.	Maintenance	and	repair	expenditures
are	expensed	as	incurred	while	major	improvements	that	increase	the	functionality,	output	or	expected	life	of	an	asset	are	capitalized	and	depreciated
ratably	over	the	identified	useful	life.
Interest	expense	on	outstanding	debt	is	capitalized	during	the	period	of	significant	capital	asset	construction.	Capitalized	interest	on
construction-in-progress	is	included	within	property,	plant	and	equipment	and	is	amortized	over	the	life	of	the	related	assets.
Furthermore,	we	are	deemed	to	be	the	owner,	for	accounting	purposes,	during	the	construction	phase	of	certain	long-lived	assets	under	build-to-
suit	lease	arrangements	because	of	our	involvement	with	the	construction,	our	exposure	to	any	potential	cost	overruns	or	our	other	commitments	under
the	arrangements.	In	these	cases,	we	recognize	build-to-suit	lease	assets	under	construction	and	corresponding	build-to-suit	lease	liabilities	on	the
consolidated	balance	sheet,	in	accordance	with	ASC	840.	Once	construction	is	completed,	if	a	lease	meets	certain	“sale-leaseback”	criteria,	we	remove
the	asset	and	liability	and	account	for	the	lease	as	an	operating	lease.	Otherwise,	the	lease	is	accounted	for	as	a	capital	lease.
Long-Lived	Assets	Including	Acquired	Intangible	Assets
We	review	our	property,	plant	and	equipment,	long-term	prepayments	and	intangible	assets	for	impairment	whenever	events	or	changes	in
circumstances	indicate	that	the	carrying	amount	of	an	asset	(or	asset	group)	may	not	be	recoverable.	We	measure	recoverability	by	comparing	the
carrying	amount	to	the	future	undiscounted	cash	flows	that	the	asset	is	expected	to	generate.	If	the	asset	is	not	recoverable,	its	carrying	amount	would	be
adjusted-down	to	its	fair	value.	We	have	recognized	no	material	impairments	of	our	long-lived	assets	in	any	of	the	periods	presented.
Intangible	assets	with	definite	lives	are	amortized	on	a	straight-line	basis	over	their	estimated	useful	lives,	which	range	from	two	to	thirty	years.
Capitalization	of	Software	Costs
For	costs	incurred	in	development	of	internal	use	software,	we	capitalize	costs	incurred	during	the	application	development	stage.	Costs	related
to	preliminary	project	activities	and	post-implementation	activities	are	expensed	as	incurred.	Internal	use	software	is	amortized	on	a	straight-line	basis
over	its	estimated	useful	life	of	three	to	ten	years.	We	evaluate	the	useful	lives	of	these	assets	on	an	annual	basis,	and	we	test	for	impairment	whenever
events	or	changes	in	circumstances	occur	that	could	impact	the	recoverability	of	these	assets.
	
78	
Foreign	
Currency
We	determine	the	functional	and	reporting	currency	of	each	of	our	international	subsidiaries	and	their	operating	divisions	based	on	the	primary
currency	in	which	they	operate.	In	cases	where	the	functional	currency	is	not	the	U.S.	dollar,	we	recognize	a	cumulative	translation	adjustment	created
by	the	different	rates	we	apply	to	accumulated	deficits,	including	current	period	income	or	loss,	and	the	balance	sheet.	For	each	subsidiary,	we	apply	the
monthly	average	functional	currency	rate	to	its	income	or	loss	and	the	month-end	functional	currency	rate	to	translate	the	balance	sheet.
Beginning	on	January	1,	2015,	the	functional	currency	of	each	of	our	foreign	subsidiaries	was	changed	to	their	local	country’s	currency.	This
change	was	based	on	the	culmination	of	facts	and	circumstances	that	had	developed	as	we	expanded	our	foreign	operations.	The	adjustment	of
$10.0	million	attributable	to	the	translation	of	non-monetary	assets	and	liabilities	as	of	the	date	of	change	is	included	in	accumulated	other
comprehensive	loss	on	the	consolidated	balance	sheet.
Foreign	currency	transaction	gains	and	losses	are	a	result	of	the	effect	of	exchange	rate	changes	on	transactions	denominated	in	currencies	other
than	the	functional	currency.	Transaction	gains	and	losses	are	recognized	in	other	income	(expense),	net,	on	the	consolidated	statement	of	operations.
For	the	years	ended	December	31,	2017,	2016	and	2015,	we	recorded	foreign	currency	transaction	gains	(losses)	of	$52.3	million,	$26.1	million	and
($45.6)	million,	respectively.
Warranties
We	provide	a	manufacturer’s	warranty	on	all	new	and	used	vehicles,	production	powertrain	components	and	systems	and	energy	products	we
sell.	In	addition,	we	also	provide	a	warranty	on	the	installation	and	components	of	the	solar	energy	systems	we	sell	for	periods	typically	between	10	to
30	years.	We	accrue	a	warranty	reserve	for	the	products	sold	by	us,	which	includes	our	best	estimate	of	the	projected	costs	to	repair	or	replace	items
under	warranty.	These	estimates	are	based	on	actual	claims	incurred	to	date	and	an	estimate	of	the	nature,	frequency	and	costs	of	future	claims.	These
estimates	are	inherently	uncertain	given	our	relatively	short	history	of	sales,	and	changes	to	our	historical	or	projected	warranty	experience	may	cause
material	changes	to	the	warranty	reserve	in	the	future.	The	warranty	reserve	does	not	include	projected	warranty	costs	associated	with	our	vehicles
subject	to	lease	accounting	and	our	solar	energy	systems	under	lease	contracts	or	power	purchase	agreements,	as	the	costs	to	repair	these	warranty
claims	are	expensed	as	incurred.	The	portion	of	the	warranty	reserve	expected	to	be	incurred	within	the	next	12	months	is	included	within	accrued
liabilities	and	other	while	the	remaining	balance	is	included	within	other	long-term	liabilities	on	the	consolidated	balance	sheet.	Warranty	expense	is
recorded	as	a	component	of	cost	of	revenues.	Accrued	warranty	activity	consisted	of	the	following	(in	thousands):
	
	
	
Year	Ended	December	31,
	
	
	
2017
	
	
2016
	
	
2015
	
Accrued	warranty—beginning	of	period
	
$
266,655
	
	
$
180,754
	
	
$
129,043
	
Assumed	warranty	liability	from	acquisition
	
	
4,737
	
	
	
31,366
	
	
	
—
	
Warranty	costs	incurred
	
	
(122,510
)
	
	
(79,147
)
	
	
(52,760
)
Net	changes	in	liability	for	pre-existing
			warranties,	including	expirations	and
			foreign	exchange	impact
	
	
4,342
	
	
	
(20,084
)
	
	
1,470
	
Provision	for	warranty
	
	
248,566
	
	
	
153,766
	
	
	
103,001
	
Accrued	warranty—end	of	period
	
$
401,790
	
	
$
266,655
	
	
$
180,754
	
For	the	years	ended	December	31,	2017	and	2016,	warranty	costs	incurred	for	vehicles	accounted	for	as	operating	leases	or	collateralized	debt
arrangements	were	$35.5	million	and	$19.0	million,	respectively.
Solar	Energy	Systems	Performance	Guarantees
We	guarantee	certain	specified	minimum	solar	energy	production	output	for	certain	solar	energy	systems	leased	or	sold	to	customers,	generally
for	a	term	of	up	to	30	years.	We	monitor	the	solar	energy	systems	to	ensure	that	these	outputs	are	being	achieved.	We	evaluate	if	any	amounts	are	due	to
our	customers	and	make	any	payments	periodically	as	specified	in	the	customer	agreements.	As	of	December	31,	2017	and	2016,	we	had	recognized	a
	
79	
liability	of	$6.3
	
million	and	$6.6	million,	respectively,
	within
	accrued	liabilities	and	other	on	the	consolidated	balance	sheets,	related	to	these	guarantees
based	on	our	assessment	of	the	exposure.
Solar	Renewable	Energy	Credits
We	account	for	solar	renewable	energy	credits	(“SRECs”)	when	they	are	purchased	by	us	or	sold	to	third-parties.	For	SRECs	generated	by	solar
energy	systems	owned	by	us	and	minted	by	government	agencies,	we	do	not	recognize	any	specifically	identifiable	costs	for	those	SRECs	as	there	are	no
specific	incremental	costs	incurred	to	generate	the	SRECs.	For	SRECs	purchased	by	us,	we	record	these	SRECs	at	their	cost,	subject	to	impairment
testing.	We	recognize	revenue	from	the	sale	of	an	SREC	when	the	SREC	is	transferred	to	the	buyer,	and	the	cost	of	the	SREC,	if	any,	is	then	recorded	to
cost	of	revenue.
Deferred	Investment	Tax	Credit	Revenue
We	have	solar	energy	systems	that	are	eligible	for	investment	tax	credits	(“ITCs”)	that	accrue	to	eligible	property	under	the	Internal	Revenue
Code	(“IRC”).	Under	Section	50(d)(5)	of	the	IRC	and	the	related	regulations,	a	lessor	of	qualifying	property	may	elect	to	treat	the	lessee	as	the	owner	of
such	property	for	the	purposes	of	claiming	the	ITCs	associated	with	such	property.	These	regulations	enable	the	ITCs	to	be	separated	from	the	ownership
of	the	property	and	allow	the	transfer	of	the	ITCs.	Under	our	lease	pass-through	fund	arrangements,	we	can	make	a	tax	election	to	pass-through	the	ITCs
to	the	investors,	who	are	the	legal	lessee	of	the	property.	Therefore,	we	are	able	to	monetize	these	ITCs	to	the	investors	who	can	utilize	them	in	return	for
cash	payments.	We	consider	the	monetization	of	ITCs	to	constitute	one	of	the	key	elements	of	realizing	the	value	associated	with	solar	energy	systems.
Consequently,	we	consider	the	proceeds	from	the	monetization	of	ITCs	to	be	a	component	of	revenue	generated	from	solar	energy	systems.
In	accordance	with	the	relevant	FASB	guidance,	we	recognize	revenue	from	the	monetization	of	ITCs	when	(1)	persuasive	evidence	of	an
arrangement	exists,	(2)	delivery	has	occurred	or	services	have	been	rendered,	(3)	the	sales	price	is	fixed	or	determinable	and	(4)	collection	of	the	related
receivable	is	reasonably	assured.	An	ITC	is	subject	to	recapture	under	the	IRC	if	the	underlying	solar	energy	system	either	ceases	to	be	a	qualifying
property	or	undergoes	a	change	in	ownership	within	five	years	of	its	placed-in-service	date;	the	recapture	amount	decreases	on	each	anniversary	of	the
placed-in-service	date.	Since	we	have	an	obligation	to	ensure	that	the	solar	energy	system	is	in-service	and	operational	for	a	term	of	five	years	in	order	to
avoid	any	recapture	of	the	ITC,	we	recognize	revenue	as	the	recapture	amount	decreases,	assuming	the	other	revenue	recognition	criteria	above	have
been	met.	As	a	result,	the	monetized	ITC	is	initially	recorded	as	deferred	revenue	on	the	consolidated	balance	sheets,	and	subsequently,	one-fifth	of	the
monetized	ITC	is	recognized	as	energy	generation	and	storage	revenue	on	the	consolidated	statement	of	operations	on	each	anniversary	of	the	solar
energy	system’s	placed-in-service	date	over	five	years.
We	indemnify	the	investors	for	any	recapture	of	ITCs	due	to	our	non-compliance.	We	have	concluded	that	the	likelihood	of	a	recapture	event	is
remote,	and	consequently,	we	have	not	recognized	a	liability	for	this	indemnification	on	the	consolidated	balance	sheets.
Recent	Accounting	Pronouncements
In	May	2014,	the	Financial	Accounting	Standards	Board	(“FASB”)	issued	Accounting	Standards	Update	(“ASU”)	No.	2014-09,	
Revenue	from
Contracts	with	Customers
,	to	replace	the	existing	revenue	recognition	criteria	for	contracts	with	customers.	In	August	2015,	the	FASB	issued	ASU
No.	2015-14,	
Deferral	of	the	Effective	Date
,	to	defer	the	effective	date	of	ASU	No.	2014-09	to	interim	and	annual	periods	beginning	after	December	15,
2017.	Subsequently,	the	FASB	issued	ASU	No.	2016-08,	
Principal	versus	Agent	Considerations
,	ASU	No.	2016-10,	
Identifying	Performance	Obligations
and	Licensing
,	ASU	No.	2016-11,	
Rescission	of	SEC	Guidance	Because	of	Accounting	Standards	Updates	2014-09	and	2014-16	Pursuant	to	Staff
Announcements	at	the	March	3,	2016	EITF	Meeting
,	ASU	No.	2016-12,	
Narrow-Scope	Improvements	and	Practical	Expedients
,	and	ASU	No.	2016-20,
Technical	Corrections	and	Improvements
,	to	clarify	and	amend	the	guidance	in	ASU	No.	2014-09.	We	will	adopt	the	ASUs	on	January	1,	2018	on	a
modified	retrospective	basis	through	a	cumulative	adjustment	to	accumulated	deficit.	The	adoption	of	the	ASUs	will	accelerate	the	revenue	recognition	of
certain	vehicle	sales	to	customers	or	leasing	partners	with	a	resale	value	guarantee,	which	will	therefore	qualify	to	be	accounted	for	as	sales	with	a	right
of	return	as	opposed	to	the	current	accounting	as	operating	leases	or	collateralized	lease	borrowings.	Our	interpretation	is	subject	to	change	as	a	result
of	future	changes	in	market	conditions,	incentives	or	program	offerings.	Upon	adoption	of	the	ASUs,	we	currently	estimate	a	decrease	to	our	beginning
accumulated	deficit	in	the	range	of
	
80	
$520.0	million	to	$570.0	million	before	income	tax	effects	
(
which	are	still	being	assessed
)
,	including	the	impact	of	adjusting	deferred	revenue	for	ITC
balances,	as	of	January	1,	2018.	We	are	continuing	to	assess	the	impact	of	adopting	the	ASUs	on	the	consolidated	financial	statements,	and	we	are
continuing	to	adjust	our	accounting	policies,	operational	and	financial	reporting	processes,	systems	and	related	internal	controls	accordingly.
In	February	2016,	the	FASB	issued	ASU	No.	2016-02,	
Leases
,	to	require	lessees	to	recognize	all	leases,	with	certain	exceptions,	on	the	balance
sheet,	while	recognition	on	the	statement	of	operations	will	remain	similar	to	current	lease	accounting.	The	ASU	also	eliminates	real	estate-specific
provisions	and	modifies	certain	aspects	of	lessor	accounting.	The	ASU	is	effective	for	interim	and	annual	periods	beginning	after	December	15,	2018,
with	early	adoption	permitted.	We	currently	expect	to	adopt	the	ASU	on	January	1,	2019.	We	will	be	required	to	recognize	and	measure	leases	existing	at,
or	entered	into	after,	the	beginning	of	the	earliest	comparative	period	presented	using	a	modified	retrospective	approach,	with	certain	practical
expedients	available.	We	intend	to	elect	the	available	practical	expedients	upon	adoption.	Upon	adoption,	we	expect	the	consolidated	balance	sheet	to
include	a	right	of	use	asset	and	liability	related	to	substantially	all	of	our	lease	arrangements.	We	are	continuing	to	assess	the	impact	of	adopting	the	ASU
on	our	financial	position,	results	of	operations	and	related	disclosures	and	have	not	yet	concluded	whether	the	effect	on	the	consolidated	financial
statements	will	be	material.
In	March	2016,	the	FASB	issued	ASU	No.	2016-06,	
Contingent	Put	and	Call	Options	in	Debt	Instruments
,	to	clarify	when	a	contingent	put	or	call
option	to	accelerate	the	repayment	of	debt	is	an	embedded	derivative.	The	ASU	is	effective	for	interim	and	annual	periods	beginning	after	December
15,	2016.	Adoption	of	the	ASU	is	modified	retrospective.	We	adopted	the	ASU	on	January	1,	2017,	but	the	ASU	did	not	have	an	impact	on	the	consolidated
financial	statements.
In	March	2016,	the	FASB	issued	ASU	No.	2016-09,	
Improvements	to	Employee	Share-Based	Payment	Accounting
,	to	simplify	the	accounting	for
the	income	tax	effects	from	share-based	compensation,	the	accounting	for	forfeitures	and	the	accounting	for	statutory	income	tax	withholding,	among
others.	In	particular,	the	ASU	requires	all	income	tax	effects	from	share-based	compensation	to	be	recognized	in	the	consolidated	statement	of	operations
when	the	awards	vest	or	are	settled,	the	ASU	permits	accounting	for	forfeitures	as	they	occur,	and	the	ASU	permits	a	higher	level	of	statutory	income	tax
withholding	without	triggering	liability	accounting.	Adoption	of	the	ASU	is	modified	retrospective,	retrospective	and	prospective,	depending	on	the
specific	provision	being	adopted.	We	adopted	the	ASU	on	January	1,	2017,	which	increased	our	beginning	accumulated	deficit	and	additional	paid-in
capital	by	$15.7	million.	Furthermore,	our	gross	U.S.	deferred	tax	assets	increased	by	$909.1	million,	which	was	fully	offset	by	a	corresponding	increase
to	our	valuation	allowance,	upon	adoption.	In	addition,	beginning	on	January	1,	2017,	we	account	for	forfeitures	as	they	occur.
In	August	2016,	the	FASB	issued	ASU	No.	2016-15,	
Classification	of	Certain	Cash	Receipts	and	Cash	Payments
,	to	reduce	the	diversity	in	practice
with	respect	to	the	classification	of	certain	cash	receipts	and	cash	payments	on	the	statement	of	cash	flows.	The	ASU	is	effective	for	interim	and	annual
periods	beginning	after	December	15,	2017.	Adoption	of	the	ASU	is	retrospective.	We	will	adopt	the	ASU	on	January	1,	2018,	which	will	impact	the
classifications	within	the	consolidated	statement	of	cash	flows.
In	October	2016,	the	FASB	issued	ASU	No.	2016-16,	
Intra-Entity	Transfers	of	Assets	Other	Than	Inventory
,	to	require	the	recognition	of	the
income	tax	effects	from	an	intra-entity	transfer	of	an	asset	other	than	inventory.	The	ASU	is	effective	for	interim	and	annual	periods	beginning	after
December	15,	2017.	Adoption	of	the	ASU	is	modified	retrospective.	We	early	adopted	the	ASU	on	January	1,	2017.	Our	adoption	did	not	have	a	material
impact	on	the	consolidated	financial	statements.
In	November	2016,	the	FASB	issued	ASU	No.	2016-18,
	Statement	of	Cash	Flows:	Restricted	Cash
,	which	requires	entities	to	present	the
aggregate	changes	in	cash,	cash	equivalents,	restricted	cash	and	restricted	cash	equivalents	in	the	statement	of	cash	flows.	As	a	result,	the	statement	of
cash	flows	will	be	required	to	present	restricted	cash	and	restricted	cash	equivalents	as	a	part	of	the	beginning	and	ending	balances	of	cash	and	cash
equivalents.	The	ASU	is	effective	for	interim	and	annual	periods	beginning	after	December	15,	2017.	Adoption	of	the	ASU	is	retrospective.	We	will	adopt
the	ASU	on	January	1,	2018,	which	will	result	in	restricted	cash	being	combined	with	unrestricted	cash	reconciling	beginning	and	ending	balances.
In	January	2017,	the	FASB	issued	ASU	No.	2017-01,	
Clarifying	the	Definition	of	a	Business
,	to	clarify	the	definition	of	a	business	with	the
objective	of	assisting	entities	with	evaluating	whether	transactions	should	be
	
81	
accounted	for	as	acquisitions	(or	disposals)	of	assets	or	businesses.	The	ASU	is	effective	for	interim	and	annual	periods	beginning	after	December	15,
2017.	Adoption	of	the	ASU	is	prospective.	We	will	adopt	the	ASU	on	January	1,	2018,	which	we	anticipate	will	result	in	more	transactions	being
accounted	for	as	asset	acquisitions	rather	than	business	acquisitions.
In	January	2017,	the	FASB	issued	ASU	No.	2017-04,	
Simplifying	the	Test	for	Goodwill	Impairment
,	to	simplify	the	test	for	goodwill	impairment	by
removing	Step	2.	An	entity	will,	therefore,	perform	the	goodwill	impairment	test	by	comparing	the	fair	value	of	a	reporting	unit	with	its	carrying	amount,
recognizing	an	impairment	charge	for	the	amount	by	which	the	carrying	amount	exceeds	the	fair	value,	not	to	exceed	the	total	amount	of	goodwill
allocated	to	the	reporting	unit.	An	entity	still	has	the	option	to	perform	a	qualitative	assessment	to	determine	if	the	quantitative	impairment	test	is
necessary.	The	ASU	is	effective	for	interim	and	annual	periods	beginning	after	December	15,	2019,	with	early	adoption	permitted	for	interim	or	annual
goodwill	impairment	tests	performed	on	testing	dates	after	January	1,	2017.	Adoption	of	the	ASU	is	prospective.	We	have	not	yet	selected	an	adoption
date,	and	the	ASU	currently	has	an	undetermined	impact	on	the	consolidated	financial	statements.
In	May	2017,	the	FASB	issued	ASU	No.	2017-09,	
Scope	of	Modification	Accounting
,	to	provide	guidance	on	which	changes	to	the	terms	or
conditions	of	a	share-based	payment	award	require	an	entity	to	apply	modification	accounting.	The	ASU	is	effective	for	interim	and	annual	periods
beginning	after	December	15,	2017.	Adoption	of	the	ASU	is	prospective.	We	will	adopt	the	ASU	on	January	1,	2018,	which	will	have	no	impact	on	the
consolidated	financial	statements	upon	adoption.
In	August	2017,	the	FASB	issued	ASU	No.	2017-12,	
Targeted	Improvements	to	Accounting	for	Hedging	Activities
,	to	simplify	the	application	of
current	hedge	accounting	guidance.	The	ASU	expands	and	refines	hedge	accounting	for	both	non-financial	and	financial	risk	components	and	aligns	the
recognition	and	presentation	of	the	effects	of	the	hedging	instrument	and	the	hedged	item	in	the	financial	statements.	The	ASU	is	effective	for	interim
and	annual	periods	beginning	after	December	15,	2018,	with	early	adoption	permitted.	Adoption	of	the	ASU	is	generally	modified	retrospective.	We	are
currently	obtaining	an	understanding	of	the	ASU	and	plan	to	adopt	the	ASU	on	January	1,	2019.
	
	
Note	3	–	Business	Combinations
Grohmann	Acquisition
On	January	3,	2017,	we	completed	our	acquisition	of	Grohmann	Engineering	GmbH	(now	Tesla	Grohmann	Automation	GmbH	or	“Grohmann”),
which	specializes	in	the	design,	development	and	sale	of	automated	manufacturing	systems,	for	$109.5	million	in	cash.	We	acquired	Grohmann	to
improve	the	speed	and	efficiency	of	our	manufacturing	processes.
At	the	time	of	acquisition,	we	entered	into	an	incentive	compensation	arrangement	for	up	to	a	maximum	of	$25.8	million	of	payments	contingent
upon	continued	service	with	us	for	36	months	after	the	acquisition	date.	Such	payments	would	have	been	accounted	for	as	compensation	expense	in	the
periods	earned.	However,	during	the	three	months	ended	March	31,	2017,	we	terminated	the	incentive	compensation	arrangement	and	accelerated	the
payments	thereunder.	As	a	result,	we	recorded	the	entire	$25.8	million	as	compensation	expense	in	the	three	months	ended	March	31,	2017,	which	was
included	within	selling,	general	and	administrative	expense	in	the	consolidated	statements	of	operations.
Fair	Value	of	Assets	Acquired	and	Liabilities	Assumed
Fair	value	estimates	are	based	on	a	complex	series	of	judgments	about	future	events	and	uncertainties	and	rely	heavily	on	estimates	and
assumptions.	The	judgments	used	to	determine	the	estimated	fair	value	assigned	to	each	class	of	assets	acquired	and	liabilities	assumed,	as	well	as	asset
lives	and	the	expected	future	cash	flows	and	related	discount	rates,	can	materiality	impact	our	results	of	operations.	Significant	inputs	used	included	the
amount	of	cash	flows,	the	expected	period	of	the	cash	flows	and	the	discount	rates.	During	the	fourth	quarter	of	2017,	we	finalized	our	estimate	of	the
acquisition	date	fair	values	of	the	assets	acquired	and	the	liabilities	assumed.	Prior	to	finalization,	there	were	no	changes	to	the	fair	values	of	the	assets
acquired	and	the	liabilities	assumed.
	
82	
The	allocation	of	the	purchase	
consideration
	
wa
s	based	on	management’s	estimate	of	the	acquisition	date	fair	values	of	the	assets	acquired	and
the	liabilities	assumed,	as	follows	(in	thousands):
	
Assets	acquired:
	
	
	
Cash	and	cash	equivalents
$
334
	
Accounts	receivable
	
42,947
	
Inventory
	
10,031
	
Property,	plant	and	equipment
	
44,030
	
Intangible	assets
	
21,723
	
Prepaid	expenses	and	other	assets,	current	and	non-current
	
1,998
	
Total	assets	acquired
	
121,063
	
Liabilities	assumed:
	
	
	
Accounts	payable
	
(19,975
)
Accrued	liabilities
	
(12,403
)
Debt	and	capital	leases,	current	and	non-current
	
(9,220
)
Other	long-term	liabilities
	
(10,049
)
Total	liabilities	assumed
	
(51,647
)
Net	assets	acquired
	
69,416
	
Goodwill
	
40,065
	
Total	purchase	price
$
109,481
	
Goodwill	represented	the	excess	of	the	purchase	price	over	the	fair	value	of	the	net	assets	acquired	and	was	primarily	attributable	to	the
expected	synergies	from	potential	monetization	opportunities	and	from	integrating	Grohmann’s	technology	into	our	automotive	business	as	well	as	the
acquired	talent.	Goodwill	is	not	deductible	for	U.S.	income	tax	purposes	and	is	not	amortized.	Rather,	we	assess	goodwill	for	impairment	annually	in	the
fourth	quarter,	or	more	frequently	if	events	or	changes	in	circumstances	indicate	that	it	might	be	impaired,	by	comparing	its	carrying	value	to	the
reporting	unit’s	fair	value.
Identifiable	Intangible	Assets	Acquired
The	determination	of	the	fair	values	of	the	identified	intangible	assets	and	their	respective	useful	lives	as	of	the	acquisition	date	was	as	follows	(in
thousands,	except	for	useful	lives):
	
	
Fair	Value
	
	
Useful	Life
(in	years)
	
Developed	technology
$
12,528
	
	
	
10
	
Software
	
3,341
	
	
	
3
	
Customer	relations
	
3,236
	
	
	
6
	
Trade	name
	
1,775
	
	
	
7
	
Other
	
843
	
	
	
2
	
Total	intangible	assets
$
21,723
	
	
	
	
	
Grohmann’s	results	of	operations	since	the	acquisition	date	have	been	included	within	the	automotive	segment	in	the	consolidated	statements	of
operations.	Standalone	and	pro	forma	results	of	operations	have	not	been	presented	because	they	were	not	material	to	the	consolidated	financial
statements.
SolarCity	Acquisition
On	November	21,	2016	(the	“Acquisition	Date”),	we	completed	our	acquisition	of	SolarCity.	Pursuant	to	the	Agreement	and	Plan	of	Merger	(the
“Merger	Agreement”),	each	issued	and	outstanding	share	of	SolarCity	common	stock	was	converted	into	0.110	(the	“Exchange	Ratio”)	shares	of	our
common	stock.	In	addition,	SolarCity’s	stock	option	awards	and	restricted	stock	unit	awards	were	assumed	by	us	and	converted	into	corresponding	equity
awards	in	respect	of	our	common	stock	based	on	the	Exchange	Ratio,	with	the	awards	retaining	the	same	vesting	and	other	terms	and	conditions	as	in
effect	immediately	prior	to	the	acquisition.
	
83	
Fair	Value	of	
Purchase	
Consideration
The	Acquisition	Date	fair	value	of	the	purchase	consideration	was	as	follows	(in	thousands,	except	for	share	and	per	share	amounts):
	
	
Total	fair	value	of	Tesla	common	stock
			issued	(11,124,497	shares	issued	at	$185.04	per	share)
	
$
2,058,477
	
Fair	value	of	replacement	Tesla	stock
			options	and	restricted	stock	units	for	vested	SolarCity	awards
	
	
87,500
	
Total	purchase	price
	
$
2,145,977
Furthermore,	the	assumed	unvested	SolarCity	awards	of	$95.9	million	are	recognized	as	stock-based	compensation	expense	over	the	remaining
requisite	service	period.	Per	ASC	805,	the	replacement	of	stock	options	or	other	share-based	payment	awards	in	conjunction	with	a	business	combination
represents	a	modification	of	share-based	payment	awards	that	must	be	accounted	for	in	accordance	with	ASC	718,	
Stock	Compensation
.	As	a	result	of	our
issuance	of	replacement	awards,	a	portion	of	the	fair-value-based	measure	of	the	replacement	awards	is	included	in	the	purchase	consideration.	To
determine	the	portion	of	the	replacement	awards	that	is	part	of	the	purchase	consideration,	we	measured	the	fair	value	of	both	the	replacement	awards
and	the	historical	awards	as	of	the	Acquisition	Date.	The	fair	value	of	the	replacement	awards,	whether	vested	or	unvested,	was	included	in	the	purchase
consideration	to	the	extent	that	pre-acquisition	services	were	rendered.
Transaction	costs	of	$21.7	million	were	expensed	as	incurred	to	selling,	general	and	administrative	expense	on	the	consolidated	statements	of
operations.
Fair	Value	of	Assets	Acquired	and	Liabilities	Assumed
Fair	value	estimates	are	based	on	a	complex	series	of	judgments	about	future	events	and	uncertainties	and	rely	heavily	on	estimates	and
assumptions.	The	judgments	used	to	determine	the	estimated	fair	value	assigned	to	each	class	of	assets	acquired	and	liabilities	assumed,	as	well	as	asset
lives	and	the	expected	future	cash	flows	and	related	discount	rates,	can	materiality	impact	our	results	of	operations.	Specifically,	we	utilized	a	discounted
cash	flow	model	to	value	the	acquired	solar	energy	systems,	leased	and	to	be	leased,	as	well	as	the	noncontrolling	interests	in	subsidiaries.	Significant
inputs	used	included	the	amount	of	cash	flows,	the	expected	period	of	the	cash	flows	and	the	discount	rates.
	
84	
The	allocation	of	the	purchase	
consideration
	
wa
s	based	on	managemen
t’s	estimate	of	the	Acquisition	D
ate	fair	values	of	the	assets	acquired	and
the	
liabilities	assumed,	as	follows	(in	thousands):
	
Assets	acquired:
	
	
	
	
Cash	and	cash	equivalents
	
$
213,523
	
Accounts	receivable
	
	
74,619
	
Inventory
	
	
191,878
	
Solar	energy	systems,	leased	and	to	be	leased
	
	
5,781,496
	
Property,	plant	and	equipment
	
	
1,056,312
	
MyPower	customer	notes	receivable,	net	of	current	portion
	
	
498,141
	
Restricted	cash
	
	
129,196
	
Intangible	assets
	
	
356,510
	
Prepaid	expenses	and	other	assets,	current	and	non-current
	
	
199,864
	
Total	assets	acquired
	
	
8,501,539
	
Liabilities	assumed:
	
	
	
	
Accounts	payable
	
	
(230,078
)
Accrued	liabilities
	
	
(284,765
)
Debt	and	capital	leases,	current	and	non-current
	
	
(3,403,840
)
Financing	obligations
	
	
(121,290
)
Deferred	revenue,	current	and	non-current
	
	
(271,128
)
Other	liabilities
	
	
(950,423
)
Total	liabilities	assumed
	
	
(5,261,524
)
Net	assets	acquired
	
	
3,240,015
	
Noncontrolling	interests	redeemable	and	non-redeemable
	
	
(1,066,517
)
Capped	call	options	associated	with	2014	convertible	notes
	
	
3,460
	
Total	net	assets	acquired
	
	
2,176,958
	
Gain	on	acquisition
	
	
(30,981
)
Total	purchase	price
	
$
2,145,977
Gain	on	Acquisition
Since	the	fair	value	of	the	net	assets	acquired	was	greater	than	the	purchase	price,	we	recognized	a	gain	on	acquisition	of	$88.7	million	in	the
fourth	quarter	of	2016,	which	was	recorded	within	other	income	(expense),	net,	on	the	consolidated	statements	of	operations.
During	the	fourth	quarter	of	2017,	we	finalized	our	estimate	of	the	Acquisition	Date	fair	values	of	the	assets	acquired	and	the	liabilities	assumed.
Prior	to	finalization,	during	the	year	ended	December	31,	2017,	we	recorded	an	$11.6	million	measurement	period	adjustment	to	MyPower	customer
notes	receivable,	net	of	current	portion,	and	a	$46.2	million	measurement	period	adjustment	to	accrued	liabilities.	The	measurement	period	adjustments
were	recorded	as	losses	to	other	income	(expense),	net,	in	the	consolidated	statement	of	operations	and	reduced	the	gain	on	acquisition	initially
recognized	in	the	fourth	quarter	of	2016.
Identifiable	Intangible	Assets	Acquired
The	determination	of	the	fair	values	of	the	identified	intangible	assets	and	their	respective	useful	lives	as	of	the	Acquisition	Date	was	as	follows
(in	thousands,	except	for	useful	lives):
	
	
	
Fair	Value
	
	
Useful	Life
(in	years)
	
Developed	technology
	
$
113,361
	
	
	
7
	
Trade	name
	
	
43,500
	
	
	
3
	
Favorable	contracts	and	leases,	net
	
	
112,817
	
	
	
15
	
IPR&D
	
	
86,832
	
	
Not	applicable
	
Total	intangible	assets
	
$
356,510
	
	
	
	
	
85	
Unaudited	Pro	Forma	Financial	Information
The	consolidated	financial	statements	for	the	year	ended	December	31,	2016	include	SolarCity’s	results	of	operations	from	the	Acquisition	Date
through	December	31,	2016.	Net	revenues	and	operating	loss	attributable	to	SolarCity	during	this	period	and	included	in	the	consolidated	statement	of
operations	were	$84.1	million	and	$68.2	million,	respectively.
The	following	unaudited	pro	forma	financial	information	gives	effect	to	our	acquisition	of	SolarCity	as	if	the	acquisition	had	occurred	on
January	1,	2015	(in	thousands,	except	per	share	data):
	
	
	
Year	Ended	December	31
	
	
	
2016
	
	
2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Revenue
	
$
7,536,876
	
	
$
4,354,324
	
Net	loss	attributable	to	common
			stockholders
	
$
(702,868
)
	
$
(1,017,223
)
Net	loss	per	share	of	common	stock,
			basic	and	diluted
	
$
(4.56
)
	
$
(7.30
)
Weighted-average	shares	used	in
			computing	net	loss	per	share	of
			common	stock,	basic	and	diluted
	
	
154,090
	
	
	
139,327
The	unaudited	pro	forma	financial	information	includes	adjustments	for	the	depreciation	of	solar	energy	systems,	leased	and	to	be	leased,	the
intangible	assets	acquired,	the	effect	of	the	acquisition	on	deferred	revenue	and	noncontrolling	interests	and	the	transaction	costs	related	to	the
acquisition.	The	unaudited	pro	forma	financial	information	is	presented	for	illustrative	purposes	only	and	is	not	necessarily	indicative	of	the	results	of
operations	of	future	periods.	The	unaudited	pro	forma	financial	information	does	not	give	effect	to	the	potential	impact	of	current	financial	conditions,
regulatory	matters,	synergies,	operating	efficiencies	or	cost	savings	that	might	be	associated	with	the	acquisition.	Consequently,	actual	results	could
differ	from	the	unaudited	pro	forma	financial	information	presented.
	
	
Note	4	–	Goodwill	and	Intangible	Assets
Goodwill	increased	to	$60.2	million	as	of	December	31,	2017	due	to	our	acquisitions	and	the	impact	of	foreign	currency	translation	adjustments.
Information	regarding	our	acquired	intangible	assets	was	as	follows	(in	thousands):
	
		
	
December	31,	2017
	
	
December	31,	2016
	
	
	
Gross
	
Carrying
Amount
	
	
Accumulated
Amortization
	
	
Other
	
	
Net	Carrying
Amount
	
	
Gross	Carrying
Amount
	
	
Accumulated
Amortization
	
	
Net	Carrying
Amount
	
Finite-lived	intangible	assets:
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Developed	technology
	
$
125,889
	
	
$
(19,317
)
	
$
1,847
	
	
$
108,419
	
	
$
113,361
	
	
$
(1,740
)
	
$
111,621
	
Trade	name
	
	
45,275
	
	
	
(10,924
)
	
	
261
	
	
	
34,612
	
	
	
43,500
	
	
	
(967
)
	
	
42,533
	
Favorable	contracts	and	leases,	net
	
	
112,817
	
	
	
(8,639
)
	
	
—
	
	
	
104,178
	
	
	
112,817
	
	
	
(864
)
	
	
111,953
	
Other
	
	
34,099
	
	
	
(7,775
)
	
	
1,137
	
	
	
27,461
	
	
	
26,679
	
	
	
(3,473
)
	
	
23,206
	
Total	finite-lived	intangible	assets
	
	
318,080
	
	
	
(46,655
)
	
	
3,245
	
	
	
274,670
	
	
	
296,357
	
	
	
(7,044
)
	
	
289,313
	
Indefinite-lived	intangible	assets:
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
IPR&D
	
	
86,832
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
86,832
	
	
	
86,832
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
86,832
	
Total	indefinite-lived
			intangible	assets
	
	
86,832
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
86,832
	
	
	
86,832
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
86,832
	
Total	intangible	assets
	
$
404,912
	
	
$
(46,655
)
	
$
3,245
	
	
$
361,502
	
	
$
383,189
	
	
$
(7,044
)
	
$
376,145
	
	
86	
The	in-process	research	and	development	(“IPR&D”),	which	we	acquired	from	SolarCity,	is	accounted	for	as	an	indefinite-lived	asset	until	the
completion	or	abandonment	of	the	associated	research	and	development	efforts.	If	the	research	and	development	efforts	are	successfully	completed	and
commercial	feasibility	is	reached,	the	IPR&D	would	be	amortized	over	its	then	estimated	useful	life.	If	the	research	and	development	efforts	are	not
completed	or	are	abandoned,	the	IPR&D	might	be	impaired.	The	fair	value	of	the	IPR&D	was	estimated	using	the	replacement	cost	method	under	the	cost
approach,	based	on	the	historical	acquisition	costs	and	expenses	of	the	technology	adjusted	for	estimated	developer’s	profit,	opportunity	cost	and
obsolescence	factor.	We	expect	to	complete	the	research	and	development	efforts	
in	the	first	half	of	2018
,	but	there	can	be	no	assurance	that	the
commercial	feasibility	will	be	achieved.	The	nature	of	the	research	and	development	efforts	consists	principally	of	planning,	designing	and	testing	the
technology	for	viability	in	manufacturing
	solar	cells	and	modules
.	If	commercial	feasibility	is	not	achieved,	we	would	likely	look	to	other	alternative
technologies.
Total	future	amortization	expense	for	intangible	assets	was	estimated	as	follows	(in	thousands):
	
		
	
December	31,	2017
	
2018
	
$
46,897
	
2019
	
	
44,706
	
2020
	
	
27,284
	
2021
	
	
27,284
	
2022
	
	
27,282
	
Thereafter
	
	
101,217
	
Total
	
$
274,670
	
	
Note	5	–	Fair	Value	of	Financial	Instruments
ASC	820
,	Fair	Value	Measurements
,	states	that	fair	value	is	an	exit	price,	representing	the	amount	that	would	be	received	to	sell	an	asset	or	paid
to	transfer	a	liability	in	an	orderly	transaction	between	market	participants.	As	such,	fair	value	is	a	market-based	measurement	that	should	be	determined
based	on	assumptions	that	market	participants	would	use	in	pricing	an	asset	or	a	liability
.	The	three-tiered	fair	value	hierarchy,	which	prioritizes	which
inputs	should	be	used	in	measuring	fair	value,	is	comprised	of:	(Level	I)	observable	inputs	such	as	quoted	prices	in	active	markets;	(Level	II)	inputs	other
than	quoted	prices	in	active	markets	that	are	observable	either	directly	or	indirectly	and	(Level	III)	unobservable	inputs	for	which	there	is	little	or	no
market	data.	The	fair	value	hierarchy	requires	the	use	of	observable	market	data	when	available	in	determining	fair	value.	Our	assets	and	liabilities	that
were	measured	at	fair	value	on	a	recurring	basis	were	as	follows	(in	thousands):
	
	
	
December	31,	2017
	
	
December	31,	2016
	
	
	
Fair	Value
	
	
Level	I
	
	
Level	II
	
	
Level	III
	
	
Fair	Value
	
	
Level	I
	
	
Level	II
	
	
Level	III
	
Money	market
			funds
	
$
2,163,459
	
	
$
2,163,459
	
	
$
—
	
	
$
—
	
	
$
2,226,322
	
	
$
2,226,322
	
	
$
—
	
	
$
—
	
Interest	rate	swaps,
			net
	
	
59
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
59
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
1,490
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
1,490
	
	
	
—
	
Total
	
$
2,163,518
	
	
$
2,163,459
	
	
$
59
	
	
$
—
	
	
$
2,227,812
	
	
$
2,226,322
	
	
$
1,490
	
	
$
—
	
All	of	our	cash	equivalents	were	classified	within	Level	I	of	the	fair	value	hierarchy	because	they	were	valued	using	quoted	prices	in	active
markets.	Our	interest	rate	swaps	were	classified	within	Level	II	of	the	fair	value	hierarchy	because	they	were	valued	using	alternative	pricing	sources	or
models	that	utilized	market	observable	inputs,	including	current	and	forward	interest	rates.	During	the	years	ended	December	31,	2017	and	2016,	there
were	no	transfers	between	the	levels	of	the	fair	value	hierarchy.
Cash	Flow	Hedges
In	November	2015,	we	implemented	a	program	to	hedge	the	foreign	currency	exposure	risk	related	to	certain	forecasted	inventory	purchases
denominated	in	Japanese	yen.	The	derivative	instruments	that	we	used	were	foreign	currency	forward	contracts,	which	were	designated	as	cash	flow
hedges	with	maturity	dates	of	12	months	or	less.	We	did	not	enter	into	any	derivative	contracts	for	trading	or	speculative	purposes.
	
87	
We	documented	each	hedging	relationship	and	assessed	its	initial	effectiveness	on	each	inception	date.	We	measured	its	subsequent	effectiveness
on	a	quarterly	basis	using	regression	analysis.	During	the	term	of	each	effective	hedge	contract,	we	recorded	gains	and	losses	to	accumulated	other
comprehensive	income	(loss).	We	reclassified	these	gains	and	losses	to	cost	of	automotive	sales	revenue	when	the	related	finished	goods	inventory	was
sold	or	to	cost	of	automotive	leasing	revenue	over	the	depreciation	period	when	the	related	finished	goods	inventory	was	leased.	All	of	our	hedge
contracts	were	effective,	and	we	recorded	no	amounts	related	to	hedge	ineffectiveness	during	the	years	ended	December	31,	2017,	2016	and	2015.
No	hedge	contracts	were	outstanding	as	of	December	31,	2016	or	thereafter.	The	net	gain	of	$5.6	million	in	accumulated	other	comprehensive
income	(loss)	as	of	December	31,	2016	was	fully	reclassified	to	the	consolidated	statement	of	operations	during	the	year	ended	December	31,	2017.
During	the	year	ended	December	31,	2016,	we	reclassified	$44.9	million	of	net	gains	from	accumulated	other	comprehensive	income	(loss)	to	the
consolidated	statement	of	operations.	No	amounts	were	reclassified	from	accumulated	other	comprehensive	income	(loss)	to	the	consolidated	statement
of	operations	during	the	year	ended	December	31,	2015.
Interest	Rate	Swaps
We	enter	into	fixed-for-floating	interest	rate	swap	agreements	to	swap	variable	interest	payments	on	certain	debt	for	fixed	interest	payments,	as
required	by	certain	of	our	lenders.	We	do	not	designate	our	interest	rate	swaps	as	hedging	instruments.	Accordingly,	our	interest	rate	swaps	are	recorded
at	fair	value	on	the	consolidated	balance	sheets	within	other	assets	or	other	long-term	liabilities,	with	any	changes	in	their	fair	values	recognized	as	other
income	(expense),	net,	in	the	consolidated	statements	of	operations	and	with	any	cash	flows	recognized	as	investing	activities	in	the	consolidated
statements	of	cash	flows.	As	of	December	31,	2016,	the	aggregate	notional	amount	of	our	interest	rate	swaps,	their	gross	asset	at	fair	value	and	their
gross	liability	at	fair	value	were	$789.6	million,	$10.6	million	and	$12.1	million,	respectively.	During	the	year	ended	December	31,	2016,	we	recognized
$7.0	million	of	gains	related	to	our	interest	rate	swaps.	Our	interest	rate	swaps	outstanding	were	as	follows	as	of	December	31,	2017	(in	thousands):
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Aggregate	Notional
Amount
	
	
Gross	Asset	at	Fair
Value
	
	
Gross	Liability	at
Fair	Value
	
	
Gross	Gains
	
	
Gross	Losses
	
Interest	rate	swaps
	
$
496,544
	
	
$
5,304
	
	
$
5,245
	
	
$
7,192
	
	
$
13,082
Disclosure	of	Fair	Values
Our	financial	instruments	that	are	not	re-measured	at	fair	value	include	accounts	receivable,	MyPower	customer	notes	receivable,	rebates
receivable,	accounts	payable,	accrued	liabilities,	customer	deposits,	convertible	senior	notes,	the	5.30%	Senior	Notes	due	in	2025,	the	participation
interest,	solar	asset-backed	notes,	solar	loan-backed	notes,	Solar	Bonds	and	long-term	debt.	The	carrying	values	of	these	financial	instruments	other	than
the	convertible	senior	notes,	the	5.30%	Senior	Notes	due	in	2025,	the	participation	interest,	the	solar	asset-backed	notes	and	the	solar	loan-backed	notes
approximate	their	fair	values.
We	estimate	the	fair	value	of	the	convertible	senior	notes	and	the	5.30%	Senior	Notes	due	in	2025	using
	commonly	accepted	valuation
methodologies	and	market-based	risk	measurements	that	are	indirectly	observable,	such	as	credit	risk	(Level	II)
.	
In	addition,	
we	estimate	the	fair	value	of
the	participation	interest,	the	solar	asset-backed	notes	and	the	solar	loan-backed	notes	based	on	rates	currently	offered	for	instruments	with	similar
maturities	and	terms	(Level	III).	The	following	table	presents	the	estimated	fair	values	and	the	carrying	values	(in	thousands):
	
	
December	31,	2017
	
	
December	31,	2016
	
	
	
Carrying
	
Value
	
	
Fair	Value
	
	
Carrying
	
Value
	
	
Fair	Value
	
Convertible	senior	notes
	
$
3,722,673
	
	
$
4,488,651
	
	
$
2,957,288
	
	
$
3,205,641
	
Senior	notes
	
$
1,775,550
	
	
$
1,732,500
	
	
$
—
	
	
$
—
	
Participation	interest
	
$
17,545
	
	
$
17,042
	
	
$
16,713
	
	
$
15,025
	
Solar	asset-backed	notes
	
$
880,415
	
	
$
898,145
	
	
$
442,764
	
	
$
428,551
	
Solar	loan-backed	notes
	
$
236,844
	
	
$
248,149
	
	
$
137,024
	
	
$
132,129
	
	
88	
	
Note	6	–	Inventory
Our	inventory	consisted	of	the	following	(in	thousands):
	
		
	
December	31,
	
	
December	31,
	
	
	
2017
	
	
2016
	
Raw	materials
	
$
821,396
	
	
$
680,339
	
Work	in	process
	
	
243,181
	
	
	
233,746
	
Finished	goods
	
	
1,013,909
	
	
	
1,016,731
	
Service	parts
	
	
185,051
	
	
	
136,638
	
Total
	
$
2,263,537
	
	
$
2,067,454
Finished	goods	inventory	included	vehicles	in	transit	to	fulfill	customer	orders,	new	vehicles	available	for	immediate	sale	at	our	retail	and	service
center	locations,	used	Tesla	vehicles	and	energy	storage	products.
For	solar	energy	systems,	leased	and	to	be	leased,	we	commence	transferring	component	parts	from	inventory	to	construction	in	progress,	a
component	of	solar	energy	systems,	leased	and	to	be	leased,	once	a	lease	contract	with	a	customer	has	been	executed	and	installation	has	been	initiated.
Additional	costs	incurred	on	the	leased	systems,	including	labor	and	overhead,	are	recorded	within	construction	in	progress.
We	write-down	inventory	for	any	excess	or	obsolete	inventories	or	when	we	believe	that	the	net	realizable	value	of	inventories	is	less	than	the
carrying	value.	During	the	years	ended	December	31,	2017,	2016	and	2015,	we	recorded	write-downs	of	$124.1	million,	$52.8	million	and	$44.9	million,
respectively,	in	cost	of	revenues.
	
	
Note	7	–	Solar	Energy	Systems,	Leased	and	To	Be	Leased,	Net
Solar	energy	systems,	leased	and	to	be	leased,	net,	consisted	of	the	following	(in	thousands):
	
		
	
December	31,
	
	
December	31,
	
	
	
2017
	
	
2016
	
Solar	energy	systems	leased	to	customers
	
$
6,009,977
	
	
$
5,052,976
	
Initial	direct	costs	related	to	customer	solar	energy
			system	lease	acquisition	costs
	
	
74,709
	
	
	
12,774
	
	
	
	
6,084,686
	
	
	
5,065,750
	
Less:	accumulated	depreciation	and	amortization
	
	
(220,110
)
	
	
(20,157
)
	
	
	
5,864,576
	
	
	
5,045,593
	
Solar	energy	systems	under	construction
	
	
243,847
	
	
	
460,913
	
Solar	energy	systems	to	be	leased	to	customers
	
	
239,067
	
	
	
413,374
	
Solar	energy	systems,	leased	and	to	be	leased	–	net	(1)
	
$
6,347,490
	
	
$
5,919,880
	
(1)
Included	in	solar	energy	systems,	leased	and	to	be	leased,	as	of	December	31,	2017	and	December	31,	2016	was	$36.0	million	and	$36.0	million,
respectively,	related	to	capital	leased	assets	with	an	accumulated	depreciation	and	amortization	of	$1.9	million	and	$0.2	million,	respectively.
	
	
	
89	
Note	8	–	Property,	Plant	and	Equipment
Our	property,	plant	and	equipment,	net,	consisted	of	the	following	(in	thousands):
	
	
December	31,
	
	
December	31,
	
	
	
2017
	
	
2016
	
Machinery,	equipment,	vehicles	and	office	furniture
	
$
4,251,711
	
	
$
2,154,367
	
Tooling
	
	
1,255,952
	
	
	
794,793
	
Leasehold	improvements
	
	
789,751
	
	
	
505,295
	
Land	and	buildings
	
	
2,517,247
	
	
	
1,079,452
	
Computer	equipment,	hardware	and	software
	
	
395,067
	
	
	
275,655
	
Construction	in	progress
	
	
2,541,588
	
	
	
2,147,332
	
Other
	
	
—
	
	
	
23,548
	
	
	
	
11,751,316
	
	
	
6,980,442
	
Less:	Accumulated	depreciation	and	amortization
	
	
(1,723,794
)
	
	
(997,485
)
Total
	
$
10,027,522
	
	
$
5,982,957
	
Construction	in	progress	is	primarily	comprised	of	tooling	and	equipment	related	to	the	manufacturing	of	our	vehicles	and	a	portion	of
Gigafactory	1	construction.	In	addition,	construction	in	progress	also	included	certain	build-to-suit	lease	costs	incurred	at	our	Buffalo	manufacturing
facility,	referred	to	as	Gigafactory	2.	Completed	assets	are	transferred	to	their	respective	asset	classes,	and	depreciation	begins	when	an	asset	is	ready
for	its	intended	use.	Interest	on	outstanding	debt	is	capitalized	during	periods	of	significant	capital	asset	construction	and	amortized	over	the	useful	lives
of	the	related	assets.	During	the	years	ended	December	31,	2017	and	2016,	we	capitalized	$124.9	million	and	$46.7	million,	respectively,	of	interest.
As	of	December	31,	2017	and	December	31,	2016,	the	table	above	included	$1.63	billion	and	$1.32	billion,	respectively,	of	build-to-suit	lease
assets.	As	of	December	31,	2017	and	December	31,	2016,	the	corresponding	financing	liabilities	of	$14.9	million	and	$3.8	million,	respectively,	were
recorded	in	accrued	liabilities	and	$1.67	billion	and	$1.32	billion,	respectively,	were	recorded	in	other	long-term	liabilities.
Depreciation	and	amortization	expense	during	the	years	ended	December	31,	2017,	2016	and	2015	was	$769.3	million,	$477.3	million	and
$278.7	million,	respectively.	Gross	property	and	equipment	under	capital	leases	as	of	December	31,	2017	and	December	31,	2016	was	$688.3	million	and
$112.6	million,	respectively.	Accumulated	depreciation	on	property	and	equipment	under	capital	leases	as	of	these	dates	was	$100.6	million	and
$40.2	million,	respectively.
We	had	cumulatively	capitalized	costs	of	$3.15	billion	and	$1.04	billion,	respectively,	for	Gigafactory	1	as	of	December	31,	2017	and
December	31,	2016.
	
	
Note	9	–	Non-cancellable	Operating	Lease	Payments	Receivable
As	of	December	31,	2017,	future	minimum	lease	payments	to	be	received	from	customers	under	non-cancellable	operating	leases	for	each	of	the
next	five	years	and	thereafter	were	as	follows	(in	thousands):
	
2018
	
$
387,343
	
2019
	
	
328,490
	
2020
	
	
242,683
	
2021
	
	
177,123
	
2022
	
	
176,752
	
Thereafter
	
	
2,492,490
	
Total
	
$
3,804,881
	
90	
	
The	above	table	does	not	include	vehicle	sales	to	customers	or	leasing	partners	with	a	resale	value	guarantee	as	the	cash	payments	were	received
upfront.	In	addition,	we	assumed	through	our	acquisition	of	SolarCity	and	will	continue	to	enter	into	power	purchase	agreements	with	our	customers	that
are	accounted	for	as	leases.	These	customers	are	charged	solely	based	on	actual	power	produced	by	the	installed	solar	energy	system	at	a	predefined
rate	per	kilowatt-hour	of	power	produced.	The	future	payments	from	such	arrangements	are	not	included	in	the	above	table	as	they	are	a	function	of	the
power	generated	by	the	related	solar	energy	systems	in	the	future.	Furthermore,	the	above	table	does	not	include	performance-based	incentives
receivable	from	various	utility	companies.	The	amount	of	contingent	rentals	recognized	as	revenue	for	the	years	presented	were	not	material.
	
	
Note	10	-	Accrued	Liabilities	and	Other
	
As	of	December	31,	2017	and	2016,	accrued	liabilities	and	other	current	liabilities	consisted	of	the	following	(in	thousands):
	
	
	
December	31,
	
	
December	31,
	
	
	
2017
	
	
2016
	
Accrued	purchases
	
$
753,408
	
	
$
585,019
	
Payroll	and	related	costs
	
	
378,284
	
	
	
218,792
	
Taxes	payable
	
	
185,807
	
	
	
152,897
	
Financing	obligation,	current	portion
	
	
67,313
	
	
	
52,031
	
Accrued	warranty
	
	
125,502
	
	
	
116,797
	
Other	current	liabilities
	
	
221,052
	
	
	
84,492
	
Total
	
$
1,731,366
	
	
$
1,210,028
	
Taxes	payable	included	value	added	tax,	sales	tax,	property	tax,	use	tax	and	income	tax	payables.
Accrued	purchases	reflected	primarily	liabilities	related	to	the	construction	of	Gigafactory	1,	along	with	engineering	design	and	testing	accruals.
As	these	services	are	invoiced,	this	balance	will	reduce	and	accounts	payable	will	increase.
	
	
Note	11	–	Other	Long-Term	Liabilities
Other	long-term	liabilities	consisted	of	the	following	(in	thousands):
	
		
	
December	31,	2017
	
	
December	31,	2016
	
Accrued	warranty	reserve,	net	of	current	portion
	
$
276,289
	
	
$
149,858
	
Build-to-suit	lease	liability,	net	of	current	portion
	
	
1,665,768
	
	
	
1,323,293
	
Deferred	rent	expense
	
	
46,820
	
	
	
36,966
	
Financing	obligation,	net	of	current	portion
	
	
67,929
	
	
	
84,360
	
Liability	for	receipts	from	an	investor
	
	
29,713
	
	
	
76,828
	
Other	noncurrent	liabilities
	
	
356,451
	
	
	
220,144
	
Total	long-term	liabilities
	
$
2,442,970
	
	
$
1,891,449
	
The	liability	for	receipts	from	an	investor	represents	the	amounts	received	from	the	investor	under	a	lease	pass-through	fund	arrangement	for	the
monetization	of	ITCs	for	solar	energy	systems	not	yet	placed	in	service.
	
	
Note	12	–	Customer	Deposits
Customer	deposits	primarily	consisted	of	cash	payments	from	customers	at	the	time	they	place	an	order	or	reservation	for	a	vehicle	or	an	energy
product	and	any	additional	payments	up	to	the	point	of	delivery	or	the	completion	of	installation,	including	the	fair	values	of	any	customer	trade-in
vehicles	that	are	applicable	toward	a	new	vehicle	purchase.	Customer	deposit	amounts	and	timing	vary	depending	on	the	vehicle	model,	the	energy
product	and	the	country	of	delivery.	Customer	deposits	are	fully	refundable;	in	the	case	of	a	vehicle,	up	to	the	point	the	vehicle	is	placed	into	the
production	cycle,	and	in	the	case	of	an	energy	generation	or	storage	product,	prior	to	the	entry	into	a	purchase	agreement	or	in	certain	cases	for	a
limited	time	thereafter	(in	accordance	with	applicable
	
91	
laws
)
.	Customer	deposits	are	included	in	current	liabilities	until	refunded	or	until	they	are	applied	towards	the	customer’s	purchase	balance.	As	of
December	31,	2017	and	December	31,	2016,	we	held	
$853.9
	million	and	$
663.9
	million,	respectively,	in	customer	deposits.
	
	
Note	13	–	Convertible	and	Long-Term	Debt	Obligations
The	following	is	a	summary	of	our	debt	as	of	December	31,	2017	(in	thousands):
	
	
Unpaid
	
	
	
	
	
Unused
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Principal
	
	
Net	Carrying	Value
	
	
Committed
	
	
Contractual
	
	
	
	
	
Balance
	
	
Current
	
	
Long-Term
	
	
Amount
	
	
Interest	Rates
	
	
Maturity	Date
Recourse	debt:
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
1.50%	Convertible	Senior	Notes	due	in	2018
			("2018	Notes")
	
$
5,512
	
	
$
5,442
	
	
$
—
	
	
$
—
	
	
	
1.50
%
	
June	2018
0.25%	Convertible	Senior	Notes	due	in	2019
			("2019	Notes")
	
	
920,000
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
869,092
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
0.25
%
	
March	2019
1.25%	Convertible	Senior	Notes	due	in	2021
			("2021	Notes")
	
	
1,380,000
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
1,186,131
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
1.25
%
	
March	2021
2.375%	Convertible	Senior	Notes	due	in	2022
			("2022	Notes")
	
	
977,500
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
841,973
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
2.375
%
	
March	2022
5.30%	Senior	Notes	due	in	2025
			("2025	Notes")
	
	
1,800,000
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
1,775,550
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
5.30
%
	
August	2025
Credit	Agreement
	
	
1,109,000
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
1,109,000
	
	
	
729,929
	
	
1%	plus	LIBOR
	
	
June	2020
Vehicle	and	other	Loans
	
	
16,205
	
	
	
15,944
	
	
	
261
	
	
	
—
	
	
1.8%-7.6%
	
	
January	2018-
September	2019
2.75%	Convertible	Senior	Notes	due	in	2018
	
	
230,000
	
	
	
222,171
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
2.75
%
	
November	2018
1.625%	Convertible	Senior	Notes	due	in	2019
	
	
566,000
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
511,389
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
1.625
%
	
November	2019
Zero-Coupon	Convertible	Senior	Notes	due	in	2020
	
	
103,000
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
86,475
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
0.0
%
	
December	2020
Related	Party	Promissory	Notes	due	in	February	2018
	
	
100,000
	
	
	
100,000
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
6.5
%
	
February	2018
Solar	Bonds
	
	
32,016
	
	
	
7,008
	
	
	
24,940
	
	
	
—
	
	
2.6%-5.8%
	
	
March	2018-
January	2031
Total	recourse	debt
	
	
7,239,233
	
	
	
350,565
	
	
	
6,404,811
	
	
	
729,929
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Non-recourse	debt:
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Warehouse	Agreements
	
	
673,811
	
	
	
195,382
	
	
	
477,867
	
	
	
426,189
	
	
	
3.1
%
	
September	2019
Canada	Credit	Facility
	
	
86,708
	
	
	
31,106
	
	
	
55,603
	
	
	
—
	
	
3.6%-5.1%
	
	
November	2021
Term	Loan	due	in	December	2018
	
	
157,095
	
	
	
156,884
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
19,534
	
	
	
4.8
%
	
December	2018
Term	Loan	due	in	January	2021
	
	
176,290
	
	
	
5,885
	
	
	
169,352
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
4.9
%
	
January	2021
Revolving	Aggregation	Credit	Facility
	
	
161,796
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
158,733
	
	
	
438,204
	
	
4.1%-4.5%
	
	
December	2019
Solar	Renewable	Energy	Credit	Loan	Facility
	
	
38,575
	
	
	
15,858
	
	
	
22,774
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
7.3
%
	
July	2021
Cash	equity	debt
	
	
482,133
	
	
	
12,334
	
	
	
454,421
	
	
	
—
	
	
5.3%-5.8%
	
	
July	2033-
January	2035
Solar	asset-backed	notes
	
	
907,241
	
	
	
23,829
	
	
	
856,586
	
	
	
—
	
	
4.0%-7.7%
	
	
November	2038-
February	2048
Solar	loan-backed	notes
	
	
244,498
	
	
	
8,006
	
	
	
228,838
	
	
	
—
	
	
4.8%-7.5%
	
	
September	2048-
September	2049
Total	non-recourse	debt
	
	
2,928,147
	
	
	
449,284
	
	
	
2,424,174
	
	
	
883,927
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Total	debt
	
$
10,167,380
	
	
$
799,849
	
	
$
8,828,985
	
	
$
1,613,856
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
92	
The	following	is	a	summary	of	our	debt	as	of	December	31,	2016	(in	thousands):
	
	
Unpaid
	
	
	
	
	
Unused
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Principal
	
	
Net	Carrying	Value
	
	
Committed
	
	
Contractual
	
	
	
	
	
Balance
	
	
Current
	
	
Long-Term
	
	
Amount
	
	
Interest	Rates
	
	
Maturity	Date
Recourse	debt:
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
2018	Notes
	
$
205,013
	
	
$
196,229
	
	
$
—
	
	
$
—
	
	
	
1.50
%
	
June	2018
2019	Notes
	
	
920,000
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
827,620
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
0.25
%
	
March	2019
2021	Notes
	
	
1,380,000
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
1,132,029
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
1.25
%
	
March	2021
Credit	Agreement
	
	
969,000
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
969,000
	
	
	
181,000
	
	
1%	plus	LIBOR
	
	
June	2020
Secured	Revolving	Credit	Facility
	
	
364,000
	
	
	
366,247
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
24,305
	
	
4.0%-6.0%
	
	
January	2017-
December	2017
Vehicle	and	other	Loans
	
	
23,771
	
	
	
17,235
	
	
	
6,536
	
	
	
—
	
	
2.9%-7.6%
	
	
March	2017-
June	2019
2.75%	Convertible	Senior	Notes	due	in	2018
	
	
230,000
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
212,223
	
	
	
—
	
	
2.75%
	
	
November	2018
1.625%	Convertible	Senior	Notes	due	in	2019
	
	
566,000
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
483,820
	
	
	
—
	
	
1.625%
	
	
November	2019
Zero-Coupon	Convertible	Senior	Notes	due	in	2020
	
	
113,000
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
89,418
	
	
	
—
	
	
0.0%
	
	
December	2020
Solar	Bonds
	
	
332,060
	
	
	
181,582
	
	
	
148,948
	
	
#
	
	
1.1%-6.5%
	
	
January	2017-
January	2031
Total	recourse	debt
	
	
5,102,844
	
	
	
761,293
	
	
	
3,869,594
	
	
	
205,305
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Non-recourse	debt:
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
2016	Warehouse	Agreement
	
	
390,000
	
	
	
73,708
	
	
	
316,292
	
	
	
210,000
	
	
Various
	
	
September	2018
Canada	Credit	Facility
	
	
67,342
	
	
	
18,489
	
	
	
48,853
	
	
	
—
	
	
3.6%-4.5%
	
	
December	2020
Term	Loan	due	in	December	2017
	
	
75,467
	
	
	
75,715
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
52,173
	
	
4.2%
	
	
December	2017
Term	Loan	due	in	January	2021
	
	
183,388
	
	
	
5,860
	
	
	
176,169
	
	
	
—
	
	
4.5%
	
	
January	2021
MyPower	Revolving	Credit	Facility
	
	
133,762
	
	
	
133,827
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
56,238
	
	
4.1%-6.6%
	
	
January	2017
Revolving	Aggregation	Credit	Facility
	
	
424,757
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
427,944
	
	
	
335,243
	
	
4.0%-4.8%
	
	
December	2018
Solar	Renewable	Energy	Credit	Term	Loan
	
	
38,124
	
	
	
12,491
	
	
	
26,262
	
	
	
—
	
	
6.6%-9.9%
	
	
April	2017-
July	2021
Cash	equity	debt
	
	
496,654
	
	
	
13,642
	
	
	
466,741
	
	
	
—
	
	
5.3%-5.8%
	
	
July	2033-
January	2035
Solar	asset-backed	notes
	
	
458,836
	
	
	
16,113
	
	
	
426,651
	
	
	
—
	
	
4.0%-7.5%
	
	
November	2038-
September	2046
Solar	loan-backed	notes
	
	
140,586
	
	
	
3,514
	
	
	
133,510
	
	
	
—
	
	
4.8%-6.9%
	
	
September	2048
Total	non-recourse	debt
	
	
2,408,916
	
	
	
353,359
	
	
	
2,022,422
	
	
	
653,654
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Total	debt
	
$
7,511,760
	
	
$
1,114,652
	
	
$
5,892,016
	
	
$
858,959
	
	
	
	
	
	
#
Out	of	the	$350.0	million	authorized	to	be	issued,	$17.9	million	remained	available	to	be	issued.
Recourse	debt	refers	to	debt	that	is	recourse	to	our	general	assets.	Non-recourse	debt	refers	to	debt	that	is	recourse	to	only	specified	assets	of
our	subsidiaries.	The	differences	between	the	unpaid	principal	balances	and	the	net	carrying	values	are	due	to	convertible	senior	note	conversion
features,	debt	discounts	or	deferred	financing	costs.	As	of	December	31,	2017,	we	were	in	compliance	with	all	financial	debt	covenants,	which	include
minimum	liquidity	and	expense-coverage	balances	and	ratios.
2018	Notes,	Bond	Hedges	and	Warrant	Transactions
In	May	2013,	we	issued	$660.0	million	in	aggregate	principal	amount	of	1.50%	Convertible	Senior	Notes	due	in	June	2018	in	a	public	offering.
The	net	proceeds	from	the	issuance,	after	deducting	transaction	costs,	were	$648.0	million.
Each	$1,000	of	principal	of	the	2018	Notes	is	initially	convertible	into	8.0306	shares	of	our	common	stock,	which	is	equivalent	to	an	initial
conversion	price	of	$124.52	per	share,	subject	to	adjustment	upon	the	occurrence	of	specified	events.	Holders	of	the	2018	Notes	may	convert,	at	their
option,	on	or	after	March	1,	2018.	Further,	holders	of	the	2018	Notes	may	convert,	at	their	option,	prior	to	March	1,	2018	only	under	the	following
circumstances:	(1)	during	any	quarter	beginning	after	September	30,	2013,	if	the	closing	price	of	our	common	stock	for	at	least	20	trading	days	(whether
or	not	consecutive)	during	the	last	30	consecutive	trading	days	immediately	preceding	the	quarter	is	greater	than	or	equal	to	130%	of	the	conversion
price;	(2)	during	the	five-business	day	period	following	any	five-consecutive	trading	day	period	in	which	the	trading	price	of	the	2018	Notes	is	less	than
98%	of	the	product	of	the	closing	price	of	our	common	stock	for	each	day	during	such	five-consecutive	trading	day	period	or	(3)	if	we	make	specified
distributions	to	holders	of	our	common	stock	or	if	specified	corporate	transactions	occur.	Upon	conversion,	we	would	pay	cash	for	the	principal	amount
and,	if	applicable,	deliver	shares	of	our	common	stock	(subject	to	our	right	to	deliver	cash	in	lieu	of	all	or	a	portion	of	such	shares	of	our	common	stock)
based	on	a	daily	conversion	value.	If	a	fundamental	change	occurs	prior	to	the	maturity	date,	holders	of	the	2018	Notes	may	require
	
93	
us	to	repurchase	all	or	a	portion	of	their	2018	Notes	for	cash	at	a	repurchase	price	equal	to	100%	of	the	principal	amount	plus	any	accrued	and	unpaid
interest.	In	addition,	if	specific	corporate	events	occur	prior	to	the	maturity	date,	we	would	increase	the	conversion	rate	for	a	holder	who	elects	to
convert	its	2018	Notes	in	connection	with	such	an	event	in	certain	circumstances.	As	of	December	31,	2017,	at	least	one	of	the	conditions	permitting	the
holders	of	the	2018	Notes	to	early	convert	had	been	met.	Therefore,	the	2018	Notes	were	classified	as	current.
In	accordance	with	GAAP	relating	to	embedded	conversion	features,	we	initially	valued	and	bifurcated	the	conversion	feature	associated	with	the
2018	Notes.	We	recorded	to	stockholders’	equity	$82.8	million	for	the	conversion	feature.	The	resulting	debt	discount	is	being	amortized	to	interest
expense	at	an	effective	interest	rate	of	4.29%.
In	connection	with	the	offering	of	the	2018	Notes,	we	entered	into	convertible	note	hedge	transactions	whereby	we	have	the	option	to	purchase
initially	(subject	to	adjustment	for	certain	specified	events)	5.3	million	shares	of	our	common	stock	at	a	price	of	$124.52	per	share.	The	cost	of	the
convertible	note	hedge	transactions	was	$177.5	million.	In	addition,	we	sold	warrants	whereby	the	holders	of	the	warrants	have	the	option	to	purchase
initially	(subject	to	adjustment	for	certain	specified	events)	5.3	million	shares	of	our	common	stock	at	a	price	of	$184.48	per	share.	We	received
$120.3	million	in	cash	proceeds	from	the	sale	of	these	warrants.	Taken	together,	the	purchase	of	the	convertible	note	hedges	and	the	sale	of	the	warrants
are	intended	to	reduce	potential	dilution	from	the	conversion	of	the	2018	Notes	and	to	effectively	increase	the	overall	conversion	price	from	$124.52	to
$184.48	per	share.	As	these	transactions	meet	certain	accounting	criteria,	the	convertible	note	hedges	and	warrants	are	recorded	in	stockholders’	equity
and	are	not	accounted	for	as	derivatives.	The	net	cost	incurred	in	connection	with	the	convertible	note	hedge	and	warrant	transactions	was	recorded	as	a
reduction	to	additional	paid-in	capital	on	the	consolidated	balance	sheet.
In	the	second	quarter	of	2017,	$144.8	million	in	aggregate	principal	amount	of	the	2018	Notes	were	exchanged	for	1,163,442	shares	of	our
common	stock	(see	Note	14,	
Common	Stock
).	As	a	result,	we	recognized	a	loss	on	debt	extinguishment	of	$1.1	million.
In	the	third	quarter	of	2017,	$42.7	million	in	aggregate	principal	amount	of	the	2018	Notes	were	exchanged	or	converted	for	250,198	shares	of
our	common	stock	(see	Note	14,	
Common	Stock
)	and	$32.7	million	in	cash.	As	a	result,	we	recognized	a	loss	on	debt	extinguishment	of	$0.3	million.
In	the	fourth	quarter	of	2017,	$12.0	million	in	aggregate	principal	amount	of	the	2018	Notes	were	exchanged	or	converted	for	96,634	shares	of
our	common	stock	(see	Note	14,	
Common	Stock
).	As	a	result,	we	recognized	a	loss	on	debt	extinguishment	of	$0.1	million.
2019	Notes,	2021	Notes,	Bond	Hedges	and	Warrant	Transactions
In	March	2014,	we	issued	$800.0	million	in	aggregate	principal	amount	of	0.25%	Convertible	Senior	Notes	due	in	March	2019	and	$1.20	billion
in	aggregate	principal	amount	of	1.25%	Convertible	Senior	Notes	due	in	March	2021	in	a	public	offering.	In	April	2014,	we	issued	an	additional
$120.0	million	in	aggregate	principal	amount	of	the	2019	Notes	and	$180.0	million	in	aggregate	principal	amount	of	the	2021	Notes,	pursuant	to	the
exercise	in	full	of	the	overallotment	options	by	the	underwriters.	The	total	net	proceeds	from	the	issuances,	after	deducting	transaction	costs,	were
$905.8	million	for	the	2019	Notes	and	$1.36	billion	for	the	2021	Notes.
Each	$1,000	of	principal	of	these	notes	is	initially	convertible	into	2.7788	shares	of	our	common	stock,	which	is	equivalent	to	an	initial	conversion
price	of	$359.87	per	share,	subject	to	adjustment	upon	the	occurrence	of	specified	events.	Holders	of	these	notes	may	elect	to	convert	on	or	after
December	1,	2018	for	the	2019	Notes	and	December	1,	2020	for	the	2021	Notes.	The	settlement	of	such	an	election	to	convert	the	2019	Notes	would	be
in	cash	and/or	shares	of	our	common	stock,	with	the	split	at	our	discretion,	on	the	maturity	date.	The	settlement	of	such	an	election	to	convert	the
2021	Notes	would	be	in	cash	for	the	principal	amount	and,	if	applicable,	shares	of	our	common	stock	(subject	to	our	right	to	deliver	cash	in	lieu	of	all	or	a
portion	of	such	shares	of	our	common	stock),	on	the	maturity	date.	Further,	holders	of	these	notes	may	convert,	at	their	option,	prior	to	the	respective
dates	above	only	under	the	following	circumstances:	(1)	during	a	quarter	in	which	the	closing	price	of	our	common	stock	for	at	least	20	trading	days
(whether	or	not	consecutive)	during	the	last	30	consecutive	trading	days	immediately	preceding	the	quarter	is	greater	than	or	equal	to	130%	of	the
conversion	price;	(2)	during	the	five-business	day	period	following	any	five-consecutive	trading	day	period	in	which	the	trading	price	of	these	notes	is	less
than	98%	of	the	product	of	the	closing	price	of	our	common	stock	for	each	day	during	such	five-consecutive	trading	day	period	or
	
94	
(3)	if	we	make	specified	distributions	to	holders	of	our	common	stock	or	if	specified	corporate	transactions	occur.	Upon	such	a	conversion	of	the	2019
Notes,	we	would	pay	or	deliver	(as	applicable)	cash,	shares	of	our	common	stock	or	a	combination	thereof,	at	our	election.	Upon	such	a	conversion	of	the
2021	Notes,	we	would	pay	cash	for	the	principal	amount	and,	if	applicable,	deliver	shares	of	our	common	stock	(subject	to	our	right	to	deliver	cash	in	lieu
of	all	or	a	portion	of	such	shares	of	our	common	stock)	based	on	a	daily	conversion	value.	If	a	fundamental	change	occurs	prior	to	the	applicable	maturity
date,	holders	of	these	notes	may	require	us	to	repurchase	all	or	a	portion	of	their	notes	for	cash	at	a	repurchase	price	equal	to	100%	of	the	principal
amount	plus	any	accrued	and	unpaid	interest.	In	addition,	if	specific	corporate	events	occur	prior	to	the	applicable	maturity	date,	we	would	increase	the
conversion	rate	for	a	holder	who	elects	to	convert	their	notes	in	connection	with	such	an	event	in	certain	circumstances.	As	of	December	31,	2017,	none
of	the	conditions	permitting	the	holders	of	these	notes	to	early	convert	had	been	met.	Therefore,	these	notes	were	classified	as	long-term
.
In	accordance	with	GAAP	relating	to	embedded	conversion	features,	we	initially	valued	and	bifurcated	the	conversion	features	associated	with
these	notes.	We	recorded	to	stockholders’	equity	$188.1	million	for	the	2019	Notes’	conversion	feature	and	$369.4	million	for	the	2021	Notes’	conversion
feature.	The	resulting	debt	discounts	are	being	amortized	to	interest	expense	at	an	effective	interest	rate	of	4.89%	and	5.96%,	respectively.
In	connection	with	the	offering	of	these	notes	in	March	2014,	we	entered	into	convertible	note	hedge	transactions	whereby	we	have	the	option	to
purchase	initially	(subject	to	adjustment	for	certain	specified	events)	a	total	of	5.6	million	shares	of	our	common	stock	at	a	price	of	$359.87	per	share.
The	total	cost	of	the	convertible	note	hedge	transactions	was	$524.7	million.	In	addition,	we	sold	warrants	whereby	the	holders	of	the	warrants	have	the
option	to	purchase	initially	(subject	to	adjustment	for	certain	specified	events)	2.2	million	shares	of	our	common	stock	at	a	price	of	$512.66	per	share	for
the	2019	Notes	and	3.3	million	shares	of	our	common	stock	at	a	price	of	$560.64	per	share	for	2021	Notes.	We	received	$338.4	million	in	total	cash
proceeds	from	the	sales	of	these	warrants.	Similarly,	in	connection	with	the	issuance	of	the	additional	notes	in	April	2014,	we	entered	into	convertible
note	hedge	transactions	and	paid	a	total	of	$78.7	million.	In	addition,	we	sold	warrants	to	purchase	initially	(subject	to	adjustment	for	certain	specified
events)	0.3	million	shares	of	our	common	stock	at	a	price	of	$512.66	per	share	for	the	2019	Notes	and	0.5	million	shares	of	our	common	stock	at	a	price
of	$560.64	per	share	for	the	2021	Notes.	We	received	$50.8	million	in	total	cash	proceeds	from	the	sales	of	these	warrants.	Taken	together,	the
purchases	of	the	convertible	note	hedges	and	the	sales	of	the	warrants	are	intended	to	reduce	potential	dilution	and/or	cash	payments	from	the
conversion	of	these	notes	and	to	effectively	increase	the	overall	conversion	price	from	$359.87	to	$512.66	per	share	for	the	2019	Notes	and	from	$359.87
to	$560.64	per	share	for	the	2021	Notes.	As	these	transactions	meet	certain	accounting	criteria,	the	convertible	note	hedges	and	warrants	are	recorded
in	stockholders’	equity	and	are	not	accounted	for	as	derivatives.	The	net	cost	incurred	in	connection	with	the	convertible	note	hedge	and	warrant
transactions	was	recorded	as	a	reduction	to	additional	paid-in	capital	on	the	consolidated	balance	sheet.
2022	Notes,	Bond	Hedges	and	Warrant	Transactions
In	March	2017,	we	issued	$977.5	million	in	aggregate	principal	amount	of	2.375%	Convertible	Senior	Notes	due	in	March	2022	in	a	public
offering.	The	net	proceeds	from	the	issuance,	after	deducting	transaction	costs,	were	$965.9	million.
Each	$1,000	of	principal	of	the	2022	Notes	is	initially	convertible	into	3.0534	shares	of	our	common	stock,	which	is	equivalent	to	an	initial
conversion	price	of	$327.50	per	share,	subject	to	adjustment	upon	the	occurrence	of	specified	events.	Holders	of	the	2022	Notes	may	convert,	at	their
option,	on	or	after	December	15,	2021.	Further,	holders	of	the	2022	Notes	may	convert,	at	their	option,	prior	to	December	15,	2021	only	under	the
following	circumstances:	(1)	during	any	quarter	beginning	after	June	30,	2017,	if	the	closing	price	of	our	common	stock	for	at	least	20	trading	days
(whether	or	not	consecutive)	during	the	last	30	consecutive	trading	days	immediately	preceding	the	quarter	is	greater	than	or	equal	to	130%	of	the
conversion	price;	(2)	during	the	five-business	day	period	following	any	five-consecutive	trading	day	period	in	which	the	trading	price	of	the	2022	Notes	is
less	than	98%	of	the	product	of	the	closing	price	of	our	common	stock	for	each	day	during	such	five-consecutive	trading	day	period	or	(3)	if	we	make
specified	distributions	to	holders	of	our	common	stock	or	if	specified	corporate	transactions	occur.	Upon	a	conversion,	we	would	pay	cash	for	the
principal	amount	and,	if	applicable,	deliver	shares	of	our	common	stock	(subject	to	our	right	to	deliver	cash	in	lieu	of	all	or	a	portion	of	such	shares	of	our
common	stock)	based	on	a	daily	conversion	value.	If	a	fundamental	change	occurs	prior	to	the	maturity	date,	holders	of	the	2022	Notes	may	require	us	to
repurchase	all	or	a	portion	of	their	2022	Notes	for	cash	at	a	repurchase	price	equal	to	100%	of	the
	
95	
principal	amount	plus	any	accrued	and	unpaid	interest.	In	addition,	if	specific	corporate	events	occur	prior	to	the	maturity	date,	we	would	increase	the
conversion	rate	for	a	holder	who	elects	to	convert	its	2022	Notes	in	connection	with	such	an	event	in	certain	circumstances.	As	of	December	31,	2017,
none	of	the	conditions	permitting	the	holders	of	the	2022	Notes	to	early	convert	had	been	met.	Therefore,	the	2022	Notes	are	classified	as	long-term.
In	accordance	with	GAAP	relating	to	embedded	conversion	features,	we	initially	valued	and	bifurcated	the	conversion	feature	associated	with	the
2022	Notes.	We	recorded	to	stockholders’	equity	$145.6	million	for	the	conversion	feature.	The	resulting	debt	discount	is	being	amortized	to	interest
expense	at	an	effective	interest	rate	of	6.00%.
In	connection	with	the	offering	of	the	2022	Notes,	we	entered	into	convertible	note	hedge	transactions	whereby	we	have	the	option	to	purchase
initially	(subject	to	adjustment	for	certain	specified	events)	3.0	million	shares	of	our	common	stock	at	a	price	of	$327.50	per	share.	The	cost	of	the
convertible	note	hedge	transactions	was	$204.1	million.	In	addition,	we	sold	warrants	whereby	the	holders	of	the	warrants	have	the	option	to	purchase
initially	(subject	to	adjustment	for	certain	specified	events)	3.0	million	shares	of	our	common	stock	at	a	price	of	$655.00	per	share.	We	received
$52.9	million	in	cash	proceeds	from	the	sale	of	these	warrants.	Taken	together,	the	purchase	of	the	convertible	note	hedges	and	the	sale	of	the	warrants
are	intended	to	reduce	potential	dilution	from	the	conversion	of	the	2022	Notes	and	to	effectively	increase	the	overall	conversion	price	from	$327.50	to
$655.00	per	share.	As	these	transactions	meet	certain	accounting	criteria,	the	convertible	note	hedges	and	warrants	are	recorded	in	stockholders’	equity
and	are	not	accounted	for	as	derivatives.	The	net	cost	incurred	in	connection	with	the	convertible	note	hedge	and	warrant	transactions	was	recorded	as	a
reduction	to	additional	paid-in	capital	on	the	consolidated	balance	sheet.
2025	Notes
In	August	2017,	we	issued	$1.80	billion	in	aggregate	principal	amount	of	unsecured	5.30%	Senior	Notes	due	in	August	2025	pursuant	to
Rule	144A	and	Regulation	S	under	the	Securities	Act.	The	net	proceeds	from	the	issuance,	after	deducting	transaction	costs,	were	$1.77	billion.
Credit	Agreement
In	June	2015,	we	entered	into	a	senior	asset-based	revolving	credit	agreement	(the	“Credit	Agreement”)	with	a	syndicate	of	banks.	Borrowed
funds	bear	interest,	at	our	option,	at	an	annual	rate	of	(a)	1%	plus	LIBOR	or	(b)	the	highest	of	(i)	the	federal	funds	rate	plus	0.50%,	(ii)	the	lenders’	“prime
rate”	or	(iii)	1%	plus	LIBOR.	The	fee	for	undrawn	amounts	is	0.25%	per	annum.	The	Credit	Agreement	is	secured	by	certain	of	our	accounts	receivable,
inventory	and	equipment.	Availability	under	the	Credit	Agreement	is	based	on	the	value	of	such	assets,	as	reduced	by	certain	reserves.	During	2017,	the
committed	amount	under	the	Credit	Agreement	was	upsized	three	times.
Secured	Revolving	Credit	Facility
SolarCity	entered	into	a	revolving	credit	agreement	with	a	syndicate	of	banks	(the	“Secured	Revolving	Credit	Facility”)	to	fund	working	capital,
letters	of	credit	and	general	corporate	needs.	Borrowed	funds	bore	interest,	at	our	option,	at	an	annual	rate	of	(a)	3.25%	plus	LIBOR	or	(b)	2.25%	plus	the
highest	of	(i)	the	federal	funds	rate	plus	0.50%,	(ii)	Bank	of	America’s	published	“prime	rate”	or	(iii)	LIBOR	plus	1.00%.	The	fee	for	undrawn	commitments
was	0.375%	per	annum.	The	Secured	Revolving	Credit	Facility	was	secured	by	certain	of	SolarCity’s	accounts	receivable,	inventory,	machinery,
equipment	and	other	assets.	In	August	2017,	the	Secured	Revolving	Credit	Facility	was	terminated,	and	the	aggregate	outstanding	principal	amount	of
$324.0	million	was	fully	repaid.
Vehicle	and	Other	Loans
We	have	entered	into	various	vehicle	and	other	loan	agreements	with	various	financial	institutions.	The	vehicle	loans	are	secured	by	the	vehicles
financed.
2.75%	Convertible	Senior	Notes	due	in	2018
In	October	2013,	SolarCity	issued	$230.0	million	in	aggregate	principal	amount	of	2.75%	Convertible	Senior	Notes	due	on	November	1,	2018	in	a
public	offering.
	
96	
Each	$1,000	of	principal	of	the	convertible	senior	notes	is	now	convertible	into	1.7838	shares	of	our	common	stock,	which	is	equivalent	to	a
conversion	price	of	$560.64	per	share	(subject	to	adjustment	upon	the	occurrence	of	specified	events	related	to	dividends,	tender	offers	or	exchange
offers).	Holders	of	the	convertible	senior	notes	may	convert,	at	their	option,	at	any	time	up	to	and	including	the	second	trading	day	prior	to	the	maturity
date.	If	certain	events	that	would	constitute	a	make-whole	fundamental	change	(such	as	significant	changes	in	ownership,	corporate	structure	or
tradability	of	our	common	stock)	occur	prior	to	the	maturity	date,	we	would	increase	the	conversion	rate	for	a	holder	who	elects	to	convert	its	convertible
senior	notes	in	connection	with	such	an	event	in	certain	circumstances.	The	maximum	conversion	rate	is	capped	at	2.3635	shares	for	each	$1,000	of
principal	of	the	convertible	senior	notes,	which	is	equivalent	to	a	minimum	conversion	price	of	$423.10	per	share.	The	convertible	senior	notes	do	not
have	a	cash	conversion	option.	The	convertible	senior	note	holders	may	require	us	to	repurchase	their	convertible	senior	notes	for	cash	only	under
certain	defined	fundamental	changes.
1.625%	Convertible	Senior	Notes	due	in	2019
In	September	2014,	SolarCity	issued	$500.0	million	and	in	October	2014,	SolarCity	issued	an	additional	$66.0	million	in	aggregate	principal
amount	of	1.625%	Convertible	Senior	Notes	due	on	November	1,	2019	in	a	private	placement.
Each	$1,000	of	principal	of	the	convertible	senior	notes	is	now	convertible	into	1.3169	shares	of	our	common	stock,	which	is	equivalent	to	a
conversion	price	of	$759.36	per	share	(subject	to	adjustment	upon	the	occurrence	of	specified	events	related	to	dividends,	tender	offers	or	exchange
offers).	The	maximum	conversion	rate	is	capped	at	1.7449	shares	for	each	$1,000	of	principal	of	the	convertible	senior	notes,	which	is	equivalent	to	a
minimum	conversion	price	of	$573.10	per	share.	The	convertible	senior	notes	do	not	have	a	cash	conversion	option.	The	convertible	senior	note	holders
may	require	us	to	repurchase	their	convertible	senior	notes	for	cash	only	under	certain	defined	fundamental	changes.
In	connection	with	the	issuance	of	the	convertible	senior	notes	in	September	and	October	2014,	SolarCity	entered	into	capped	call	option
agreements	to	reduce	the	potential	dilution	upon	the	conversion	of	the	convertible	senior	notes.	Specifically,	upon	the	exercise	of	the	capped	call	options,
we	would	now	receive	shares	of	our	common	stock	equal	to	745,377	shares	multiplied	by	(a)	(i)	the	lower	of	$1,146.18	or	the	then	market	price	of	our
common	stock	less	(ii)	$759.36	and	divided	by	(b)	the	then	market	price	of	our	common	stock.	The	results	of	this	formula	are	that	we	would	receive	more
shares	as	the	market	price	of	our	common	stock	exceeds	$759.36	and	approaches	$1,146.18,	but	we	would	receive	less	shares	as	the	market	price	of	our
common	stock	exceeds	$1,146.18.	Consequently,	if	the	convertible	senior	notes	are	converted,	then	the	number	of	shares	to	be	issued	by	us	would	be
effectively	partially	offset	by	the	shares	received	by	us	under	the	capped	call	options.	We	can	also	elect	to	receive	the	equivalent	value	of	cash	in	lieu	of
shares.	The	capped	call	options	expire	on	various	dates	ranging	from	September	4,	2019	to	October	29,	2019,	and	the	formula	above	would	be	adjusted	in
the	event	of	a	merger;	a	tender	offer;	nationalization;	insolvency;	delisting	of	our	common	stock;	changes	in	law;	failure	to	deliver;	insolvency	filing;	stock
splits,	combinations,	dividends,	repurchases	or	similar	events	or	an	announcement	of	certain	of	the	preceding	actions.	Although	intended	to	reduce	the
net	number	of	shares	issued	after	a	conversion	of	the	convertible	senior	notes,	the	capped	call	options	were	separately	negotiated	transactions,	are	not	a
part	of	the	terms	of	the	convertible	senior	notes,	do	not	affect	the	rights	of	the	convertible	senior	note	holders	and	take	effect	regardless	of	whether	the
convertible	senior	notes	are	actually	converted.	The	capped	call	options	meet	the	criteria	for	equity	classification	because	they	are	indexed	to	our
common	stock	and	we	always	control	whether	settlement	will	be	in	shares	or	cash.
Zero-Coupon	Convertible	Senior	Notes	due	in	2020
In	December	2015,	SolarCity	issued	$113.0	million	in	aggregate	principal	amount	of	Zero-Coupon	Convertible	Senior	Notes	due	on	December	1,
2020	in	a	private	placement.	$13.0	million	of	the	convertible	senior	notes	were	issued	to	related	parties	and	are	separately	presented	on	the	consolidated
balance	sheets	(see	Note	21,	
Related	Party	Transactions
).
Each	$1,000	of	principal	of	the	convertible	senior	notes	is	now	convertible	into	3.3333	shares	of	our	common	stock,	which	is	equivalent	to	a
conversion	price	of	$300.00	per	share	(subject	to	adjustment	upon	the	occurrence	of	specified	events	related	to	dividends,	tender	offers	or	exchange
offers).	The	maximum	conversion	rate	is	capped	at	4.2308	shares	for	each	$1,000	of	principal	of	the	convertible	senior	notes,	which	is	equivalent	to	a
minimum
	
97	
conversion	price	of	$236.36	per	share.	The	convertible	senior	notes	do	not	have	a	cash	conversion	option.	The	convertible	senior	note	holders	may
require	us	to	repurchase	their	convertible	senior	notes	for	cash	only	under	certain	defined	fundamental	changes.	On	or	after	June	30,	2017,	the
convertible	senior	notes	are	redeemable	by	us	in	the	event	that	the	closing	price	of	our	common	stock	exceeds	200%	of	the	conversion	price	for	45
consecutive	trading	days	ending	within	three	trading	days	of	such	redemption	notice	at	a	redemption	price	equal	to	100%	of	the	principal	amount	plus
any	accrued	and	unpaid	interest.
On	April	26,	2017,	our	CEO	converted	all	of	his	Zero-Coupon	Convertible	Senior	Notes	due	in	2020,	which	had	an	aggregate	principal	amount	of
$10.0	million	(see	Note	14,	
Common	Stock
).	As	a	result,	we	recognized	a	loss	on	debt	extinguishment	of	$2.2	million.
Related	Party	Promissory	Notes	due	in	February	2018
On	April	11,	2017,	our	CEO,	SolarCity’s	former	CEO	and	SolarCity’s	former	Chief	Technology	Officer	exchanged	their	$100.0	million	(collectively)
in	aggregate	principal	amount	of	6.50%	Solar	Bonds	due	in	February	2018	for	promissory	notes	in	the	same	amounts	and	with	substantially	the	same
terms.
Solar	Bonds
Solar	Bonds	are	senior	unsecured	obligations	that	are	structurally	subordinate	to	the	indebtedness	and	other	liabilities	of	our	subsidiaries.	Solar
Bonds	were	issued	under	multiple	series	with	various	terms	and	interest	rates.	In	April	2017,	we	extinguished	certain	series	of	Solar	Bonds	by	prepaying
$20.9	million	of	principal	and	interest.	See	Note	21,	
Related	Party	Transactions
,	for	Solar	Bonds	issued	to	related	parties.
Warehouse	Agreements
On	August	31,	2016,	our	subsidiaries	entered	into	the	a	loan	and	security	agreement	(the	“2016	Warehouse	Agreement”)	for	borrowings	secured
by	the	future	cash	flows	arising	from	certain	leases	and	the	associated	leased	vehicles.	On	August	17,	2017,	the	2016	Warehouse	Agreement	was
amended	to	modify	the	interest	rates	and	extend	the	availability	period	and	the	maturity	date,	and	our	subsidiaries	entered	into	another	loan	and	security
agreement	with	substantially	the	same	terms	as	and	that	shares	the	same	committed	amount	with	the	2016	Warehouse	Agreement.	We	refer	to	these
agreements	together	as	the	“Warehouse	Agreements.”	Amounts	drawn	under	the	Warehouse	Agreements	generally	bear	interest	at	(i)	LIBOR	plus	a	fixed
margin	or	(ii)	the	commercial	paper	rate.	The	Warehouse	Agreements	are	non-recourse	to	our	other	assets.
Pursuant	to	the	Warehouse	Agreements,	an	undivided	beneficial	interest	in	the	future	cash	flows	arising	from	certain	leases	and	the	related
leased	vehicles	has	been	sold	for	legal	purposes	but	continues	to	be	reported	in	the	consolidated	financial	statements.	The	interest	in	the	future	cash
flows	arising	from	these	leases	and	the	related	vehicles	is	not	available	to	pay	the	claims	of	our	creditors	other	than	pursuant	to	obligations	to	the	lenders
under	the	Warehouse	Agreements.	We	retain	the	right	to	receive	the	excess	cash	flows	not	needed	to	pay	obligations	under	the	Warehouse	Agreements.
Canada	Credit	Facility
In	December	2016,	one	of	our	subsidiaries	entered	into	a	credit	agreement	(the	“Canada	Credit	Facility”)	with	a	bank	for	borrowings	secured	by
our	interests	in	certain	vehicle	leases,	and	in	December	2017,	the	Canada	Credit	Facility	was	amended	to	add	our	interests	in	additional	vehicle	leases	as
collateral,	allowing	us	to	draw	additional	funds.	Amounts	drawn	under	the	Canada	Credit	Facility	bear	interest	at	fixed	rates.	The	Canada	Credit	Facility
is	non-recourse	to	our	other	assets.
Term	Loan	due	in	December	2018
On	March	31,	2016,	a	subsidiary	of	SolarCity	entered	into	an	agreement	for	a	term	loan.	The	term	loan	bears	interest	at	an	annual	rate	of	the
lender’s	cost	of	funds	plus	3.25%.	The	fee	for	undrawn	commitments	is	0.85%	per	annum.	On	March
	
31,	2017,	the	agreement	was	amended	to	upsize	the
committed	amount,	extend	the	availability	period	and	extend	the	maturity	date.	The	term	loan	is	secured	by	substantially	all	of	the	assets	of	the
subsidiary	and	is	non-recourse	to	our	other	assets.
	
98	
Term	Loan	
d
ue	in	January	2021
In	January	2016,	a	subsidiary	of	SolarCity	entered	into	an	agreement	with	a	syndicate	of	banks	for	a	term	loan.	The	term	loan	bears	interest	at	an
annual	rate	of	three-month	LIBOR	plus	3.50%.	The	term	loan	is	secured	by	substantially	all	of	the	assets	of	the	subsidiary,	including	its	interests	in
certain	financing	funds,	and	is	non-recourse	to	our	other	assets.
MyPower	Revolving	Credit	Facility
On	January	9,	2015,	a	subsidiary	of	SolarCity	entered	into	a	revolving	credit	agreement	with	a	syndicate	of	banks	to	obtain	funding	for	the
MyPower	customer	loan	program.	The	Class	A	notes	bore	interest	at	an	annual	rate	of	2.50%	plus	(a)	the	commercial	paper	rate	or	(b)	1.50%	plus
adjusted	LIBOR.	The	Class	B	notes	bore	interest	at	an	annual	rate	of	5.00%	plus	LIBOR.	The	fee	for	undrawn	commitments	under	the	Class	A	notes	was
0.50%	per	annum.	The	fee	for	undrawn	commitments	under	the	Class	B	notes	was	0.50%	per	annum.	The	MyPower	revolving	credit	facility	was	secured
by	the	payments	owed	to	us	under	MyPower	customer	loans	and	was	non-recourse	to	our	other	assets.	On	January	27,	2017,	the	MyPower	revolving
credit	facility	matured,	and	the	aggregate	outstanding	principal	amount	of	$133.8	million	was	fully	repaid.
Revolving	Aggregation	Credit	Facility
On	May	4,	2015,	a	subsidiary	of	SolarCity	entered	into	an	agreement	with	a	syndicate	of	banks	for	a	revolving	aggregation	credit	facility.	On
March	23,	2016	and	June	23,	2017,	the	agreement	was	amended	to	modify	the	interest	rates	and	extend	the	availability	period	and	the	maturity	date.	The
revolving	aggregation	credit	facility	bears	interest	at	an	annual	rate	of	2.75%	plus	(i)	for	commercial	paper	loans,	the	commercial	paper	rate	and	(ii)	for
LIBOR	loans,	at	our	option,	three-month	LIBOR	or	daily	LIBOR.	The	revolving	aggregation	credit	facility	is	secured	by	certain	assets	of	certain	of	our
subsidiaries	and	is	non-recourse	to	our	other	assets.
Solar	Renewable	Energy	Credit	Loan	Facilities
On	March	31,	2016,	a	subsidiary	of	SolarCity	entered	into	an	agreement	for	a	term	loan.	The	term	loan	bore	interest	at	an	annual	rate	of	one-
month	LIBOR	plus	9.00%	or,	at	our	option,	8.00%	plus	the	highest	of	(i)	the	federal	funds	rate	plus	0.50%,	(ii)	the	prime	rate	or	(iii)	one-month	LIBOR
plus	1.00%.	The	term	loan	was	secured	by	substantially	all	of	the	assets	of	the	subsidiary,	including	its	rights	under	forward	contracts	to	sell	solar
renewable	energy	credits,	and	was	non-recourse	to	our	other	assets.	On	March	1,	2017,	we	fully	repaid	the	principal	outstanding	under	the	term	loan.
On	July	14,	2016,	the	same	subsidiary	entered	into	an	agreement	for	another	loan	facility.	The	loan	facility	bears	interest	at	an	annual	rate	of	one-
month	LIBOR	plus	5.75%	or,	at	our	option,	4.75%	plus	the	highest	of	(i)	the	federal	funds	rate	plus	0.50%,	(ii)	the	prime	rate	or	(iii)	one-month	LIBOR
plus	1.00%.	The	loan	facility	is	secured	by	substantially	all	of	the	assets	of	the	subsidiary,	including	its	rights	under	forward	contracts	to	sell	solar
renewable	energy	credits,	and	is	non-recourse	to	our	other	assets.
Cash	Equity	Debt	I
In	connection	with	the	cash	equity	financing	on	May	2,	2016,	SolarCity	issued	$121.7	million	in	aggregate	principal	amount	of	debt	that	bears
interest	at	a	fixed	rate.	This	debt	is	secured	by,	among	other	things,	our	interests	in	certain	financing	funds	and	is	non-recourse	to	our	other	assets.
Cash	Equity	Debt	II
In	connection	with	the	cash	equity	financing	on	September	8,	2016,	SolarCity	issued	$210.0	million	in	aggregate	principal	amount	of	debt	that
bears	interest	at	a	fixed	rate.	This	debt	is	secured	by,	among	other	things,	our	interests	in	certain	financing	funds	and	is	non-recourse	to	our	other	assets.
Cash	Equity	Debt	III
In	connection	with	the	cash	equity	financing	on	December	16,	2016,	we	issued	$170.0	million	in	aggregate	principal	amount	of	debt	that	bears
interest	at	a	fixed	rate.	This	debt	is	secured	by,	among	other	things,	our	interests	in	certain	financing	funds	and	is	non-recourse	to	our	other	assets.
	
99	
Solar	Asset-backed	Notes,	Series	2013-1
In	November	2013,	SolarCity	pooled	and	transferred	qualifying	solar	energy	systems	and	the	associated	customer	contracts	into	a	Special
Purpose	Entity	(“SPE”)	and	issued	$54.4	million	in	aggregate	principal	amount	of	Solar	Asset-backed	Notes,	Series	2013-1,	backed	by	these	solar	assets
to	investors.	The	SPE	is	wholly	owned	by	us	and	is	consolidated	in	the	financial	statements.	As	of	December	31,	2017,	these	solar	assets	had	a	carrying
value	of	$89.0	million	and	are	included	within	solar	energy	systems,	leased	and	to	be	leased,	net,	on	the	consolidated	balance	sheets.	The	Solar	Asset-
backed	Notes	were	issued	at	a	discount	of	0.05%.	The	cash	flows	generated	by	these	solar	assets	are	used	to	service	the	monthly	principal	and	interest
payments	on	the	Solar	Asset-backed	Notes	and	satisfy	the	SPE’s	expenses,	and	any	remaining	cash	is	distributed	to	one	of	our	wholly	owned	subsidiaries.
We	recognize	revenue	earned	from	the	associated	customer	contracts	in	accordance	with	our	revenue	recognition	policy.	The	SPE’s	assets	and	cash	flows
are	not	available	to	our	other	creditors,	and	the	creditors	of	the	SPE,	including	the	Solar	Asset-backed	Note	holders,	have	no	recourse	to	our	other	assets.
SolarCity	contracted	with	the	SPE	to	provide	operations	&	maintenance	and	administrative	services	for	the	solar	energy	systems.
In	connection	with	the	pooling	of	the	solar	assets	that	were	transferred	to	the	SPE	in	November	2013,	SolarCity	terminated	a	lease	pass-through
arrangement	with	an	investor.	The	lease	pass-through	arrangement	had	been	accounted	for	as	a	borrowing,	and	the	amount	outstanding	under	the	lease
pass-through	arrangement	was	recorded	as	a	lease	pass-through	financing	obligation.	The	balance	that	was	then	outstanding	under	the	lease	pass-
through	arrangement	was	$56.4	million.	SolarCity	paid	the	investor	an	aggregate	of	$40.2	million,	and	the	remaining	balance	is	paid	over	time	using	the
net	cash	flows	generated	by	the	assets	previously	leased	under	the	lease	pass-through	arrangement,	after	payment	of	the	principal	and	interest	on	the
Solar	Asset-backed	Notes	and	expenses	related	to	the	assets	and	the	Solar	Asset-backed	Notes;	this	was	contractually	documented	as	a	right	to
participate	in	the	future	cash	flows	of	the	SPE	(“participation	interest”).	The	participation	interest	was	recorded	as	a	component	of	other	long-term
liabilities	for	the	non-current	portion	and	accrued	liabilities	for	the	current	portion.	We	account	for	the	participation	interest	as	a	liability	because	the
investor	has	no	voting	or	management	rights	in	the	SPE,	the	participation	interest	would	terminate	upon	the	investor	achieving	a	specified	return	and	the
investor	has	the	option	to	put	the	participation	interest	to	us	on	August	3,	2021	for	the	amount	necessary	for	the	investor	to	achieve	the	specified	return,
which	would	require	us	to	settle	the	participation	interest	in	cash.	In	addition,	under	the	terms	of	the	participation	interest,	we	have	the	option	to
purchase	the	participation	interest	from	the	investor	for	the	amount	necessary	for	the	investor	to	achieve	the	specified	return.
Solar	Asset-backed	Notes,	2014-1
In	April	2014,	SolarCity	pooled	and	transferred	qualifying	solar	energy	systems	and	the	associated	customer	contracts	into	a	SPE	and	issued
$70.2	million	in	aggregate	principal	amount	of	Solar	Asset-backed	Notes,	Series	2014-1,	backed	by	these	solar	assets	to	investors.	The	SPE	is	wholly
owned	by	us	and	is	consolidated	in	the	financial	statements.	As	of	December	31,	2017,	these	solar	assets	had	a	carrying	value	of	$
109.3
	million	and	are
included	within	solar	energy	systems,	leased	and	to	be	leased,	net,	in	the	consolidated	balance	sheets.	The	Solar	Asset-backed	Notes	were	issued	at	a
discount	of	0.01%.	The	cash	flows	generated	by	these	solar	assets	are	used	to	service	the	monthly	principal	and	interest	payments	on	the	Solar	Asset-
backed	Notes	and	satisfy	the	SPE’s	expenses,	and	any	remaining	cash	is	distributed	to	one	of	our	wholly	owned	subsidiaries.	We	recognize	revenue
earned	from	the	associated	customer	contracts	in	accordance	with	our	revenue	recognition	policy.	The	SPE’s	assets	and	cash	flows	are	not	available	to
our	other	creditors,	and	the	creditors	of	the	SPE,	including	the	Solar	Asset-backed	Note	holders,	have	no	recourse	to	our	other	assets.	SolarCity
contracted	with	the	SPE	to	provide	operations	&	maintenance	and	administrative	services	for	the	solar	energy	systems.
Solar	Asset-backed	Notes,	Series	2014-2
In	July	2014,	SolarCity	pooled	and	transferred	qualifying	solar	energy	systems	and	the	associated	customer	contracts	into	a	SPE	and	issued
$160.0	million	in	aggregate	principal	amount	of	Solar	Asset-backed	Notes,	Series	2014-2,	Class	A,	and	$41.5	million	in	aggregate	principal	amount	of
Solar	Asset-backed	Notes,	Series	2014-2,	Class	B,	backed	by	these	solar	assets	to	investors.	The	SPE	is	wholly	owned	by	us	and	is	consolidated	in	the
financial	statements.	As	of	December	31,	2017,	these	solar	assets	had	a	carrying	value	of	
$255.7
	million	and	are	included	within	solar	energy	systems,
leased	and	to	be	leased,	net,	in	the	consolidated	balance	sheets.	The	Solar	Asset-backed	Notes	were	issued	at	a	discount	of	0.01%.	These	solar	assets	and
the	associated	customer	contracts	are	leased	to	an	investor	under	a	lease	pass-through	arrangement	that	we	have	accounted	for	as	a	borrowing.	The	rent
paid	by	the	investor	under	the	lease	pass-through	arrangement	is	used	(and	following	the	expiration	of	the	lease
	
100	
pass-through	arrangement,	the	cash	generated	by	these	solar	assets	will	be	used)	to	service	the	semi-annual	principal	and	interest	payments	on	the	Solar
Asset-backed	Notes	and	satisfy	the	SPE’s	expenses,	and	any	remaining	cash	is	distributed	to	one	of	our	wholly	owned	subsidiaries.	We	recognize	revenue
earned	from	the	associated	customer	contracts	in	accordance	with	our	revenue	recognition	policy.	The	SPE’s	assets	and	cash	flows	are	not	available	to
our	other	creditors,	and	the	creditors	of	the	SPE,	including	the	Solar	Asset-backed	Note	holders,	have	no	recourse	to	our	other	assets.	SolarCity
contracted	with	the	SPE	to	provide	operations	&	maintenance	and	administrative	services	for	certain	of	the	solar	energy	systems.
Solar	Asset-backed	Notes,	Series	2015-1
In	August	2015,	SolarCity	pooled	and	transferred	its	interests	in	certain	financing	funds	into	a	SPE	and	issued	$103.5	million	in	aggregate
principal	amount	of	Solar	Asset-backed	Notes,	Series	2015-1,	Class	A,	and	$20.0	million	in	aggregate	principal	amount	of	Solar	Asset-backed	Notes,
Series	2015-1,	Class	B,	backed	by	these	solar	assets	to	investors.	The	SPE	is	wholly	owned	by	us	and	is	consolidated	in	the	financial	statements.	The	Solar
Asset-backed	Notes	were	issued	at	a	discount	of	0.05%	for	Class	A	and	1.46%	for	Class	B.	The	cash	distributed	by	the	underlying	financing	funds	to	the
SPE	are	used	to	service	the	semi-annual	principal	and	interest	payments	on	the	Solar	Asset-backed	Notes	and	satisfy	the	SPE’s	expenses,	and	any
remaining	cash	is	distributed	to	one	of	our	wholly	owned	subsidiaries.	The	SPE’s	assets	and	cash	flows	are	not	available	to	our	other	creditors,	and	the
creditors	of	the	SPE,	including	the	Solar	Asset-backed	Note	holders,	have	no	recourse	to	our	other	assets.
Solar	Asset-backed	Notes,	Series	2016-1
In	February	2016,	SolarCity	transferred	qualifying	solar	energy	systems	and	the	associated	customer	contracts	into	a	SPE	and	issued
$52.2	million	in	aggregate	principal	amount	of	Solar	Asset-backed	Notes,	Series	2016-1,	backed	by	these	solar	assets	to	investors.	The	SPE	is	wholly
owned	by	us	and	is	consolidated	in	the	financial	statements.	As	of	December	31,	2017,	these	solar	assets	had	a	carrying	value	of	$
84.3
	million	and	are
included	within	solar	energy	systems,	leased	and	to	be	leased,	net,	on	the	consolidated	balance	sheets.	The	Solar	Asset-backed	Notes	were	issued	at	a
discount	of	6.71%.	These	solar	assets	and	the	associated	customer	contracts	are	leased	to	an	investor	under	a	lease	pass-through	arrangement	that	we
have	accounted	for	as	a	borrowing.	The	rent	paid	by	the	investor	under	the	lease	pass-through	arrangement	is	used	(and	following	the	expiration	of	the
lease	pass-through	arrangement,	the	cash	generated	by	these	solar	assets	will	be	used)	to	service	the	semi-annual	principal	and	interest	payments	on	the
Solar	Asset-backed	Notes	and	satisfy	the	SPE’s	expenses,	and	any	remaining	cash	is	distributed	to	one	of	our	wholly	owned	subsidiaries.	We	recognize
revenue	earned	from	the	associated	customer	contracts	in	accordance	with	our	revenue	recognition	policy.	The	SPE’s	assets	and	cash	flows	are	not
available	to	our	other	creditors,	and	the	creditors	of	the	SPE,	including	the	Solar	Asset-backed	Note	holders,	have	no	recourse	to	our	other	assets.
SolarCity	contracted	with	the	SPE	to	provide	operations	&	maintenance	and	administrative	services	for	certain	of	the	solar	energy	systems.
Solar	Asset-backed	Notes,	Series	2017-1
In	November	2017,	we	pooled	and	transferred	our	interests	in	certain	financing	funds	into	a	SPE	and	issued	$265.0	million	in	aggregate	principal
amount	of	Solar	Asset-backed	Notes,	Series	2017-1,	Class	A,	and	$75.0	million	in	aggregate	principal	amount	of	Solar	Asset-backed	Notes,	Series	2017-1,
Class	B,	backed	by	these	solar	assets	to	investors.	The	SPE	is	wholly	owned	by	us	and	is	consolidated	in	the	financial	statements.	The	Solar	Asset-backed
Notes	were	issued	at	a	discount	of	0.01%	for	Class	A	and	0.04%	for	Class	B.	The	cash	distributed	by	the	underlying	financing	funds	to	the	SPE	are	used	to
service	the	semi-annual	principal	and	interest	payments	on	the	Solar	Asset-backed	Notes	and	satisfy	the	SPE’s	expenses,	and	any	remaining	cash	is
distributed	to	one	of	our	wholly	owned	subsidiaries.	The	SPE’s	assets	and	cash	flows	are	not	available	to	our	other	creditors,	and	the	creditors	of	the	SPE,
including	the	Solar	Asset-backed	Note	holders,	have	no	recourse	to	our	other	assets.
Solar	Asset-backed	Notes,	Series	2017-2
In	December	2017,	we	transferred	qualifying	solar	energy	systems	and	the	associated	customer	contracts	into	a	SPE	and	issued	$99.0	million	in
aggregate	principal	amount	of	Solar	Asset-backed	Notes,	Series	2017-2,	Class	A,	and	$31.9	million	in	aggregate	principal	amount	of	Solar	Asset-backed
Notes,	Series	2017-2,	Class	B,	backed	by	these	solar	assets	to	investors.	The	SPE	is	wholly	owned	by	us	and	is	consolidated	in	the	financial	statements.	As
of	December	31,	2017,	these	solar	assets	had	a	carrying	value	of	
$217.2
	million	and	are	included	within	solar	energy	systems,	leased	and	to	be	leased,
net,	on	the	consolidated	balance	sheets.	The	Solar	Asset-backed	Notes	were	issued
	
101	
at	a	discount	of	0.01%	for	Class	A	and	0.04%	for	Class	B.	Most	of	these	solar	assets	and	the	associated	customer	contracts	are	leased	to	investors	under
lease	pass-through	arrangements	that	we	have	accounted	for	as	borrowings.	The	rent	paid	by	the	investors	under	the	lease	pass-through	arrangements	is
used	(and	following	the	expiration	of	the	lease	pass-through	arrangements,	the	cash	generated	by	these	solar	assets	will	be	used)	to	service	the	semi-
annual	principal	and	interest	payments	on	the	Solar	Asset-backed	Notes	and	satisfy	the	SPE’s	expenses,	and	any	remaining	cash	is	distributed	to	one	of
our	wholly	owned	subsidiaries.	We	recognize	revenue	earned	from	the	associated	customer	contracts	in	accordance	with	our	revenue	recognition	policy.
The	SPE’s	assets	and	cash	flows	are	not	available	to	our	other	creditors,	and	the	creditors	of	the	SPE,	including	the	Solar	Asset-backed	Note	holders,
have	no	recourse	to	our	other	assets.	We	contracted	with	the	SPE	to	provide	operations	&	maintenance	and	administrative	services	for	certain	of	the
solar	energy	systems
.
Solar	Loan-backed	Notes,	Series	2016-A
On	January	21,	2016,	SolarCity	pooled	and	transferred	certain	MyPower	customer	notes	receivable	into	a	SPE	and	issued	$151.6	million	in
aggregate	principal	amount	of	Solar	Loan-backed	Notes,	Series	2016-A,	Class	A,	and	$33.4	million	in	aggregate	principal	amount	of	Solar	Loan-backed
Notes,	Series	2016-A,	Class	B,	backed	by	these	notes	receivable	to	investors.	The	SPE	is	wholly	owned	by	us	and	is	consolidated	in	the	financial
statements.	The	Solar	Loan-backed	Notes	were	issued	at	a	discount	of	3.22%	for	Class	A	and	15.90%	for	Class	B.	The	payments	received	by	the	SPE	from
these	notes	receivable	are	used	to	service	the	semi-annual	principal	and	interest	payments	on	the	Solar	Loan-backed	Notes	and	satisfy	the	SPE’s
expenses,	and	any	remaining	cash	is	distributed	to	one	of	our	wholly	owned	subsidiaries.	The	SPE’s	assets	and	cash	flows	are	not	available	to	our	other
creditors,	and	the	creditors	of	the	SPE,	including	the	Solar	Loan-backed	Note	holders,	have	no	recourse	to	our	other	assets.
Solar	Loan-backed	Notes,	Series	2017-A
On	January	27,	2017,	we	pooled	and	transferred	certain	MyPower	customer	notes	receivable	into	a	SPE	and	issued	$123.0	million	in	aggregate
principal	amount	of	Solar	Loan-backed	Notes,	Series	2017-A,	Class	A;	$8.8	million	in	aggregate	principal	amount	of	Solar	Loan-backed	Notes,
Series	2017-A,	Class	B,	and	$13.2
	
million	in	aggregate	principal	amount	of	Solar	Loan-backed	Notes,	Series	2017-A,	Class	C,	backed	by	these	notes
receivable	to	investors.	The	SPE	is	wholly	owned	by	us	and	is	consolidated	in	the	financial	statements.	Accordingly,	we	did	not	recognize	a	gain	or	loss	on
the	transfer	of	these	notes	receivable.	The	Solar	Loan-backed	Notes	were	issued	at	a	discount	of	1.87%	for	Class	A,	1.86%	for	Class	B	and	8.13%	for
Class	C.	The	payments	received	by	the	SPE	from	these	notes	receivable	are	used	to	service	the	semi-annual	principal	and	interest	payments	on	the	Solar
Loan-backed	Notes	and	satisfy	the	SPE’s	expenses,	and	any	remaining	cash	is	distributed	to	one	of	our	wholly	owned	subsidiaries.	The	SPE’s	assets	and
cash	flows	are	not	available	to	our	other	creditors,	and	the	creditors	of	the	SPE,	including	the	Solar	Loan-backed	Note	holders,	have	no	recourse	to	our
other	assets.
Interest	Expense
The	following	table	presents	the	interest	expense	related	to	the	contractual	interest	coupon,	the	amortization	of	debt	issuance	costs	and	the
amortization	of	debt	discounts	on	our	convertible	senior	notes	with	cash	conversion	features,	which	include	the	2018	Notes,	the	2019	Notes,	the
2021	Notes	and	the	2022	Notes	(in	thousands):
	
		
	
Year	Ended	December	31,
	
	
	
2017
	
	
2016
	
	
2015
	
Contractual	interest	coupon
	
$
39,129
	
	
$
27,060
	
	
$
32,061
	
Amortization	of	debt	issuance	costs
	
	
6,932
	
	
	
8,567
	
	
	
8,102
	
Amortization	of	debt	discounts
	
	
114,023
	
	
	
99,811
	
	
	
97,786
	
Total
	
$
160,084
	
	
$
135,438
	
	
$
137,949
Pledged	Assets
As	of	December	31,	2017	and	2016,	we	had	pledged	or	restricted	
$4.05
	billion	and	$2.30	billion	of	our	assets	(consisted	principally	of	restricted
cash,	receivables,	inventory,	SRECs,	solar	energy	systems,	property	and	equipment)	as	collateral	for	our	outstanding	debt.
	
	
	
102	
Note	1
4
	–	Common	Stock
In	August	2015,	we	completed	a	public	offering	of	common	stock	and	sold	a	total	of	3,099,173	shares	of	our	common	stock	for	total	cash	proceeds
of	$738.3	million	(which	includes	82,645	shares	or	$20.0	million	sold	to	our	CEO,	net	of	underwriting	discounts	and	offering	costs).
In	May	2016,	we	completed	a	public	offering	of	common	stock	and	sold	a	total	of	7,915,004	shares	of	our	common	stock	for	total	cash	proceeds	of
approximately	$1.7	billion,	net	of	underwriting	discounts	and	offering	costs.
On	November	21,	2016,	we	completed	the	acquisition	of	SolarCity	(see	Note	3,	
Business	Combinations
)	and	exchanged	11,124,497	shares	of	our
common	stock	for	101,131,791	shares	of	SolarCity	common	stock	in	accordance	with	the	terms	of	the	Merger	Agreement.
In	March	2017,	we	completed	a	public	offering	of	our	common	stock	and	issued	a	total	of	1,536,259	shares	for	total	cash	proceeds	of
$399.6	million	(including	95,420	shares	purchased	by	our	CEO	for	$25.0	million),	net	of	underwriting	discounts	and	offering	costs.
In	April	2017,	our	CEO	exercised	his	right	under	the	indenture	to	convert	all	of	his	Zero-Coupon	Convertible	Senior	Notes	due	in	2020,	which	had
an	aggregate	principal	amount	of	$10.0	million.	As	a	result,	
on	April	26,	2017,	we	issued	33,333	shares	
of	our	common	stock	to	our	CEO	in	accordance
with	the	specified	conversion	rate,	and
	we	recorded	an	increase	to	additional	paid-in	capital	of	$10.3	million	(see	Note	13,	
Convertible	and	Long-Term
Debt	Obligations
).
During
	2017,	we	issued	1,510,274	shares	of	our	common	stock	and	paid	$32.7	million	in	cash	pursuant	to	conversions	by	or	exchange	agreements
entered	into	with	holders	of	$199.5	million	in	aggregate	principal	amount	of	the	2018	Notes	(see	Note	13,	
Convertible	and	Long-Term	Debt	Obligations
).
As	a	result,	we	recorded	an	increase	to	additional	paid-in	capital	of	$163.0	million.	In	addition,	we	settled	portions	of	the	bond	hedges	and	warrants
entered	into	in	connection	with	the	2018	Notes,	resulting	in	a	net	cash	inflow	of	$56.8	million	(which	was	recorded	as	an	increase	to	additional	paid-in
capital),	the	issuance	of	34,393	shares	of	our	common	stock	and	the	receipt	of	169,890	shares	of	our	common	stock.
During	the	fourth	quarter	of	2017,	we	issued	34,772	shares	of	our	common	stock	as	part	of	the	purchase	consideration	for	an	acquisition.
	
	
Note	15	–	Equity	Incentive	Plans
In	2010,	we	adopted	the	2010	Equity	Incentive	Plan	(the	“2010	Plan”).	The	2010	Plan	provides	for	the	granting	of	stock	options,	RSUs	and	stock
purchase	rights	to	our	employees,	directors	and	consultants.	Stock	options	granted	under	the	2010	Plan	may	be	either	incentive	stock	options	or
nonqualified	stock	options.	Incentive	stock	options	may	only	be	granted	to	our	employees.	Nonqualified	stock	options	may	be	granted	to	our	employees,
directors	and	consultants.	Generally,	our	stock	options	and	RSUs	vest	over	up	to	four	years	and	are	exercisable	over	a	maximum	period	of	10	years	from
their	grant	dates.	Vesting	typically	terminates	when	the	employment	or	consulting	relationship	ends.	In	addition,	as	a	result	of	our	acquisition	of
SolarCity,	we	assumed	its	equity	award	plans	and	its	outstanding	equity	awards	as	of	the	Acquisition	Date.	SolarCity’s	outstanding	equity	awards	were
converted	into	equity	awards	to	acquire	our	common	stock	in	share	amounts	and	prices	based	on	the	Exchange	Ratio,	with	the	equity	awards	retaining
the	same	vesting	and	other	terms	and	conditions	as	in	effect	immediately	prior	to	the	acquisition.	The	vesting	and	other	terms	and	conditions	of	the
assumed	equity	awards	are	substantially	the	same	as	those	of	the	2010	Plan.
As	of	December	31,	2017,	7,045,637	shares	were	reserved	and	available	for	issuance	under	the	2010	Plan.
	
103	
The	following	table	summarizes	our	stock	option	and	RSU	activity:
	
	
	
Stock	Options
	
	
RSUs
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Weighted-
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Weighted-
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Weighted-
	
	
Average
	
Aggregate
	
	
	
	
	
	
Average
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Average
	
	
Remaining
	
Intrinsic
	
	
	
	
	
	
Grant
	
	
	
Number	of
	
	
Exercise
	
	
Contractual
	
Value
	
	
Number
	
	
Date	Fair
	
	
	
Options
	
	
Price
	
	
Life	(Years)
	
(Billions)
	
	
of	RSUs
	
	
Value
	
Balance,	December	31,	2016
	
	
12,875,422
	
	
$
96.50
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
4,082,089
	
	
$
207.11
	
Granted
	
	
1,163,678
	
	
$
310.13
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
3,073,404
	
	
$
308.71
	
Exercised	or	released
	
	
(2,324,871
)
	
$
81.04
	
	
	
	
$
0.54
	
	
	
(1,561,889
)
	
$
216.46
	
Cancelled
	
	
(833,204
)
	
$
327.33
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
(904,294
)
	
$
233.59
	
Balance,	December	31,	2017
	
	
10,881,025
	
	
$
105.56
	
	
5.3
	
$
2.30
	
	
	
4,689,310
	
	
$
265.43
	
Vested	and	expected	to	vest,
			December	31,	2017
	
	
10,881,025
	
	
$
105.56
	
	
5.3
	
$
2.30
	
	
	
4,689,310
	
	
$
265.43
	
Exercisable	and	vested,
December	31,	2017
	
	
8,029,228
	
	
$
77.56
	
	
4.7
	
$
1.91
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
The	aggregate	release	date	fair	value	of	RSUs	in	the	years	ended	December	31,	2017,	2016	and	2015	was	$491.0	million,	$203.9	million	and
$94.5	million,	respectively.
Fair	Value	Assumptions
We	use	the	fair	value	method	in	recognizing	stock-based	compensation	expense.	Under	the	fair	value	method,	we	estimate	the	fair	value	of	each
stock	option	award	and	the	ESPP	on	the	grant	date	generally	using	the	Black-Scholes	option	pricing	model	and	the	weighted-average	assumptions	in	the
following	table:
	
		
	
Year	Ended	December	31,
	
	
	
2017
	
	
2016
	
	
2015
	
Risk-free	interest	rate:
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Stock	options
	
	
1.8
%
	
	
1.5
%
	
	
1.6
%
ESPP
	
	
1.1
%
	
	
0.6
%
	
	
0.3
%
Expected	term	(in	years):
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Stock	options
	
	
5.1
	
	
	
6.2
	
	
	
5.4
	
ESPP
	
	
0.5
	
	
	
0.5
	
	
	
0.5
	
Expected	volatility:
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Stock	options
	
	
42
%
	
	
47
%
	
	
48
%
ESPP
	
	
35
%
	
	
41
%
	
	
42
%
Dividend	yield:
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Stock	options
	
	
0.0
%
	
	
0.0
%
	
	
0.0
%
ESPP
	
	
0.0
%
	
	
0.0
%
	
	
0.0
%
Grant	date	fair	value	per	share:
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Stock	options
	
$
122.25
	
	
$
98.70
	
	
$
108.28
	
ESPP
	
$
75.05
	
	
$
51.31
	
	
$
58.77
	
The	fair	value	of	RSUs	is	measured	on	the	grant	date	based	on	the	closing	fair	market	value	of	our	common	stock.	The	risk-free	interest	rate	is
based	on	the	U.S.	Treasury	yield	for	zero-coupon	U.S.	Treasury	notes	with	maturities	approximating	each	grant’s	expected	life.	Prior	to	the	fourth	quarter
of	2017,	given	our	then	limited	history	with	employee	grants,	we	used	the	“simplified”	method	in	estimating	the	expected	term	of	our	employee	grants;
the	simplified	method	utilizes	the	average	of	the	time-to-vesting	and	the	contractual	life	of	the	employee	grant.	Beginning	with	the	fourth	quarter	of	2017,
we	use	our	historical	data	in	estimating	the	expected	term	of	our	employee	grants.	The	expected	volatility	is	based	on	the	average	of	the	implied	volatility
of	publicly	traded	options	for	our	common	stock	and	the	historical	volatility	of	our	common	stock.
	
104	
2014	Performance-Based	Stock	Option	Awards
In	2014,	to	create	incentives	for	continued	long-term	success	beyond	the	Model	S	program	and	to	closely	align	executive	pay	with	our
stockholders’	interests	in	the	achievement	of	significant	milestones	by	us,	the	Compensation	Committee	of	our	Board	of	Directors	granted	stock	option
awards	to	certain	employees	(excluding	our	CEO)	to	purchase	an	aggregate	of	1,073,000	shares	of	our	common	stock.	Each	award	consisted	of	the
following	four	vesting	tranches	with	the	vesting	schedule	based	entirely	on	the	attainment	of	the	future	performance	milestones,	assuming	continued
employment	and	service	through	each	vesting	date:
	
•
1/4th	of	each	award	vests	upon	completion	of	the	first	Model	X	production	vehicle;
	
•
1/4th	of	each	award	vests	upon	achieving	aggregate	production	of	100,000	vehicles	in	a	trailing	12-month	period;
	
•
1/4th	of	each	award	vests	upon	completion	of	the	first	Model	3	production	vehicle;	and
	
•
1/4th	of	each	award	vests	upon	achieving	an	annualized	gross	margin	of	greater	than	30%	for	any	three-year	period.
As	of	December	31,	2017,	the	following	performance	milestones	had	been	achieved:
	
•
Completion	of	the	first	Model	X	production	vehicle;
	
•
Completion	of	the	first	Model	3	production	vehicle;	and
	
•
Aggregate	production	of	100,000	vehicles	in	a	trailing	12-month	period.
We	begin	recognizing	stock-based	compensation	expense	as	each	performance	milestone	becomes	probable	of	achievement.	As	of	December	31,
2017,	we	had	unrecognized	stock-based	compensation	expense	of	$13.1	million	for	the	performance	milestone	that	was	considered	not	probable	of
achievement.	For	the	years	ended	December	31,	2017,	2016	and	2015,	we	recorded	stock-based	compensation	expense	of	$6.8	million,	$25.3	million	and
$10.4	million,	respectively,	related	to	these	awards.
2012	CEO	Award
In	August	2012,	our	Board	of	Directors	granted	5,274,901	stock	option	awards	to	our	CEO	(the	“2012	CEO	Grant”).	The	2012	CEO	Grant	consists
of	10	vesting	tranches	with	a	vesting	schedule	based	entirely	on	the	attainment	of	both	performance	conditions	and	market	conditions,	assuming
continued	employment	and	service	through	each	vesting	date.	Each	vesting	tranche	requires	a	combination	of	a	pre-determined	performance	milestone
and	an	incremental	increase	in	our	market	capitalization	of	$4.00	billion,	as	compared	to	our	initial	market	capitalization	of	$3.20	billion	at	the	time	of
grant.	As	of	December	31,	2017,	the	market	capitalization	conditions	for	all	of	the	vesting	tranches	and	the	following	performance	milestones	had	been
achieved:
	
•
Successful	completion	of	the	Model	X	alpha	prototype;
	
•
Successful	completion	of	the	Model	X	beta	prototype;
	
•
Completion	of	the	first	Model	X	production	vehicle;
	
•
Aggregate	production	of	100,000	vehicles;
	
•
Successful	completion	of	the	Model	3	alpha	prototype;
	
•
Successful	completion	of	the	Model	3	beta	prototype;
	
•
Completion	of	the	first	Model	3	production	vehicle;	and
	
•
Aggregate	production	of	200,000	vehicles.
As	of	December	31,	2017,	the	following	performance	milestone	was	considered	probable	of	achievement:
	
•
Aggregate	production	of	300,000	vehicles.
We	begin	recognizing	
stock
-based	compensation	expense	as	each	milestone	becomes	probable	of	achievement.	As	of	December	31,	2017,	the
unrecognized	stock-based	compensation	expense	for	the	performance	milestone	that	was	considered	probable	of	achievement	was	immaterial.	As	of
December	31,	2017,	we	had	unrecognized	stock-based	compensation	expense	of	$5.7	million	for	the	performance	milestone	that	was	considered
	
105	
not	probable	of	achievement.	
For	the	years	ended	December	31,	2017,	2016	and	2015,	we	recorded	stock-based	compensation	expense	of	$5.1	million,
$
15.8
	million	and	$10.6	million,	respectively,	related	to	the	2012	CEO	Grant.
Our
	CEO	
earns	a	base	salary	that	reflects	the	currently	applicable	minimum	wage	requirements	under	California	law,	and	he	is	subject	to	income
taxes	based	on	such	base	salary.	However,	he	has	never	accepted	and	currently	does	not	accept
	his
	salary.
Summary	Stock-Based	Compensation	Information
The	following	table	summarizes	our	stock-based	compensation	expense	by	line	item	in	the	consolidated	statements	of	operations	(in	thousands):
	
	
Year	Ended	December	31,
	
	
	
2017
	
	
2016
	
	
2015
	
Cost	of	sales
	
$
43,845
	
	
$
30,400
	
	
$
19,244
	
Research	and	development
	
	
217,616
	
	
	
154,632
	
	
	
89,309
	
Selling,	general	and	administrative
	
	
205,299
	
	
	
149,193
	
	
	
89,446
	
Total
	
$
466,760
	
	
$
334,225
	
	
$
197,999
We	realized	no	income	tax	benefit	from	stock	option	exercises	in	each	of	the	periods	presented	due	to	recurring	losses	and	valuation	allowances.
As	of	December	31,	2017,	we	had	$1.34	billion	of	total	unrecognized	stock-based	compensation	expense	related	to	non-performance	awards,	which	will	be
recognized	over	a	weighted-average	period	of	3.0	years.
ESPP
Our	employees	are	eligible	to	purchase	our	common	stock	through	payroll	deductions	of	up	to	15%	of	their	eligible	compensation,	subject	to	any
plan	limitations.	The	purchase	price	would	be	85%	of	the	lower	of	the	fair	market	value	on	the	first	and	last	trading	days	of	each	six-month	offering
period.	During	the	years	ended	December	31,	2017,	2016	and	2015,	we	issued	370,173,	321,788	and	220,571	shares	under	the	ESPP	for	$71.0	million,
$51.7	million	and	$37.5	million,	respectively.	There	were	1,423,978	shares	available	for	issuance	under	the	ESPP	as	of	December	31,	2017.
	
	
Note	16	–	Income	Taxes
A	provision	for	income	taxes	of	$31.5	million,	$26.7	million	and	$13.0	million	has	been	recognized	for	the	years	ended	December	31,	2017,	2016
and	2015,	respectively,	related	primarily	to	our	subsidiaries	located	outside	of	the	U.S.	Our	loss	before	provision	for	income	taxes	for	the	years	ended
December	31,	2017,	2016	and	2015	was	as	follows	(in	thousands):
	
	
	
Year	Ended	December	31,
	
	
	
2017
	
	
2016
	
	
2015
	
Domestic
	
$
993,113
	
	
$
130,718
	
	
$
415,694
	
Noncontrolling	interest	and	redeemable
			noncontrolling	interest
	
	
279,178
	
	
	
98,132
	
	
	
—
	
Foreign
	
	
936,741
	
	
	
517,498
	
	
	
459,930
	
Loss	before	income	taxes
	
$
2,209,032
	
	
$
746,348
	
	
$
875,624
	
	
106	
The	components	of	the	provision	for	income	taxes	for	the	years	ended	December	31,
	
2017,	2016	and	2015	consisted	of	the	following	(in
thousands):
	
	
	
Year	Ended	December	31,
	
	
	
2017
	
	
2016
	
	
2015
	
Current:
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Federal
	
$
(9,552
)
	
$
—
	
	
$
—
	
State
	
	
2,029
	
	
	
568
	
	
	
525
	
Foreign
	
	
42,715
	
	
	
53,962
	
	
	
10,342
	
Total	current
	
	
35,192
	
	
	
54,530
	
	
	
10,867
	
Deferred:
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Federal
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
State
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
Foreign
	
	
(3,646
)
	
	
(27,832
)
	
	
2,172
	
Total	deferred
	
	
(3,646
)
	
	
(27,832
)
	
	
2,172
	
Total	provision	for	income	taxes
	
$
31,546
	
	
$
26,698
	
	
$
13,039
On	December	22,	2017,	the	2017	Tax	Cuts	and	Jobs	Act	(“Tax	Act”)	was	enacted	into	law	making	significant	changes	to	the	Internal	Revenue
Code.	Changes	include,	but	are	not	limited	to,	a	federal	corporate	tax	rate	decrease	from	35%	to	21%	for	tax	years	beginning	after	December	31,	2017,
the	transition	of	U.S.	international	taxation	from	a	worldwide	tax	system	to	a	territorial	system	and	a	one-time	transition	tax	on	the	mandatory	deemed
repatriation	of	foreign	earnings.	We	are	required	to	recognize	the	effect	of	the	tax	law	changes	in	the	period	of	enactment,	such	as	re-measuring	our	U.S.
deferred	tax	assets	and	liabilities	as	well	as	reassessing	the	net	realizability	of	our	deferred	tax	assets	and	liabilities.	The	Tax	Act	did	not	give	rise	to	any
material	impact	on	the	consolidated	balance	sheets	and	consolidated	statements	of	operations	due	to	our	historical	worldwide	loss	position	and	the	full
valuation	allowance	on	our	net	U.S.	deferred	tax	assets.
In	December	2017,	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission	staff	issued	Staff	Accounting	Bulletin	No.	118,	
Income	Tax	Accounting	Implications
of	the	Tax	Cuts	and	Jobs	Act
	(“SAB	118”),	which	allows	us	to	record	provisional	amounts	during	a	measurement	period	not	to	extend	beyond	one	year
from	the	enactment	date.	Since	the	Tax	Act	was	enacted	late	in	the	fourth	quarter	of	2017	(and	ongoing	guidance	and	accounting	interpretations	are
expected	over	the	next	12	months),	we	consider	the	accounting	of	deferred	tax	re-measurements	and	other	items,	such	as	state	tax	considerations,	to	be
incomplete	due	to	the	forthcoming	guidance	and	our	ongoing	analysis	of	final	year-end	data	and	tax	positions.	We	expect	to	complete	our	analysis	within
the	measurement	period	in	accordance	with	SAB	118.	We	do	not	expect	any	subsequent	adjustments	to	have	any	material	impact	on	the	consolidated
balance	sheets	or	statements	of	operations	due	to	our	historical	worldwide	loss	position	and	the	full	valuation	allowance	on	our	net	U.S.	deferred	tax
assets.
	
107	
Deferred	tax	assets	(liabilities)	as	of	December	31,	2017	and	2016	consisted	of	the	following	(in	thousands):
	
	
	
December	31,
	
	
December	31,
	
	
	
2017
	
	
2016
	
Deferred	tax	assets:
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Net	operating	loss	carry-forwards
	
$
1,575,952
	
	
$
648,652
	
Research	and	development	credits
	
	
306,808
	
	
	
208,499
	
Other	tax	credits
	
	
117,997
	
	
	
106,530
	
Deferred	revenue
	
	
200,531
	
	
	
268,434
	
Inventory	and	warranty	reserves
	
	
74,578
	
	
	
95,570
	
Stock-based	compensation
	
	
96,916
	
	
	
120,955
	
Financial	Instruments
	
	
3,080
	
	
	
—
	
Investment	in	certain	financing	funds
	
	
24,471
	
	
	
237,759
	
Accruals	and	others
	
	
23,336
	
	
	
67,769
	
Total	deferred	tax	assets
	
	
2,423,669
	
	
	
1,754,168
	
Valuation	allowance
	
	
(1,843,713
)
	
	
(1,022,705
)
Deferred	tax	assets,	net	of	valuation	allowance
	
	
579,956
	
	
	
731,463
	
Deferred	tax	liabilities:
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Depreciation	and	amortization
	
	
(537,613
)
	
	
(679,969
)
Other
	
	
(18,734
)
	
	
(3,779
)
Financial	Instruments
	
	
—
	
	
	
(22,033
)
Total	deferred	tax	liabilities
	
	
(556,347
)
	
	
(705,781
)
Deferred	tax	assets,	net	of	valuation	allowance
			and	deferred	tax	liabilities
	
$
23,609
	
	
$
25,682
As	of	December	31,	2017,	we	recorded	a	valuation	allowance	of	$1.84	billion	for	the	portion	of	the	deferred	tax	asset	that	we	do	not	expect	to	be
realized.	The	valuation	on	our	net	deferred	taxes	increased	by	$821.0	million	during	the	year	ended	December	31,	2017.	The	valuation	allowance
increase	is	primarily	due	to	additional	U.S.	deferred	tax	assets	incurred	in	the	current	year,	as	well	as	an	increase	relating	to	adoption	of	ASU	2016-09,
and	offset	by	the	re-measurement	of	the	federal	portion	of	our	deferred	tax	assets	as	of	December	31,	2017	from	35%	to	the	new	21%	tax	rate.
Management	believes	that	based	on	the	available	information,	it	is	more	likely	than	not	that	the	U.S.	deferred	tax	assets	will	not	be	realized,	such	that	a
full	valuation	allowance	is	required	against	all	U.S.	deferred	tax	assets.	We	have	net	$46.5	million	of	deferred	tax	assets	in	foreign	jurisdictions,	which
management	believes	are	more-likely-than-not	to	be	fully	realized	given	the	expectation	of	future	earnings	in	these	jurisdictions.
	
	
108	
The	r
econciliation	of	
taxes	at	the	federal	
statutory
	rate	to	our	provision	for	income	taxes
	for	the	years	ended	December	31,	2017,	2016	and	2015
was	as	follows	(in	thousands):
	
	
	
Year	Ended	December	31,
	
	
	
2017
	
	
2016
	
	
2015
	
Tax	at	statutory	federal	rate
	
$
(773,162
)
	
$
(261,222
)
	
$
(306,470
)
State	tax,	net	of	federal	benefit
	
	
2,029
	
	
	
568
	
	
	
525
	
Nondeductible	expenses
	
	
30,138
	
	
	
26,547
	
	
	
16,711
	
Excess	tax	benefits	related	to	stock	based
			compensation	(1)
	
	
(1,013,196
)
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
Foreign	income	rate	differential
	
	
364,699
	
	
	
206,470
	
	
	
172,259
	
U.S.	tax	credits
	
	
(109,501
)
	
	
(162,865
)
	
	
(43,911
)
Noncontrolling	interests	and	redeemable
			noncontrolling	interests	adjustment
	
	
65,920
	
	
	
21,964
	
	
	
—
	
Effect	of	U.S.	tax	law	change	(2)
	
	
722,646
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
Bargain	in	purchase	gain
	
	
20,211
	
	
	
(31,055
)
	
	
—
	
Other	reconciling	items
	
	
3,178
	
	
	
785
	
	
	
1,232
	
Change	in	valuation	allowance
	
	
718,584
	
	
	
225,506
	
	
	
172,693
	
Provision	for	income	taxes
	
$
31,546
	
	
$
26,698
	
	
$
13,039
	
(1)
As	of
	January	1,	2017,	upon	the	adoption	of	ASU	No.	2016-09,	Improvements	to	Employee	Share-based	Payment	Accounting,	excess	tax
benefits	from	share-based	award	activity	incurred	from	the	prior	and	current	years	are	reflected	as	a	reduction	of	the	provision	for	income
taxes.	The	excess	tax	benefits	result	in	an	increase	to	our	gross	U.S.	deferred	tax	assets	that	is	offset	by	a	corresponding	increase	to	our
valuation	allowance.
	
(2)
Due	to	the	Tax	Act,	our	U.S.	deferred	tax	assets	and	liabilities	as	of	December	31,	2017	were	re-measured	from	35%	to	21%.	The	change	in
tax	rate	resulted	in	a	decrease	to	our	gross	U.S.	deferred	tax	assets	which	is	offset	by	a	corresponding	decrease	to	our	valuation	allowance.
As	of	December	31,	2017,	we	had	$6.42	billion	of	federal	and	$5.26	billion	of	state	net	operating	loss	carry-forwards	available	to	offset	future
taxable	income,	which	will	not	begin	to	significantly	expire	until	2024	for	federal	and	2028	for	state	purposes.	A	portion	of	these	losses	were	generated	by
SolarCity	prior	to	our	acquisition	in	2016	and,	therefore,	are	subject	to	change	of	control	provisions,	which	limit	the	amount	of	acquired	tax	attributes
that	can	be	utilized	in	a	given	tax	year.	We	do	not	expect	these	change	of	control	limitations	to	significantly	impact	our	ability	to	utilize	these	attributes.
Upon	the	adoption	of	ASU	2016-09,	our	gross	U.S.	deferred	tax	assets	increased	by	$583.4	million,	inclusive	of	the	effect	for	the	U.S.	statutory	corporate
tax	rate	reduction	from	35%	to	21%,	and	is	fully	offset	by	a	corresponding	increase	to	our	valuation	allowance.
As	of	December	31,	2017,	we	had	research	and	development	tax	credits	of	$209.0	million	and	$223.2	million	for	federal	and	state	income	tax
purposes,	respectively.	If	not	utilized,	the	federal	research	and	development	tax	credits	will	expire	in	various	amounts	beginning	in	2024.	However,	the
state	research	and	development	tax	credits	can	be	carried-forward	indefinitely.	In	addition,	we	had	other	general	business	tax	credits	of	$116.9	million
for	federal	income	tax	purposes,	which	will	not	begin	to	significantly	expire	until	2033.
Collectively,	we	had	no	foreign	earnings	as	of	December	31,	2017	and	therefore	was	not	subject	to	the	mandatory	repatriation	tax	provisions	of
the	Tax	Act.	However,	some	of	our	foreign	subsidiaries	do	have	accumulated	earnings.	No	deferred	tax	liabilities	for	foreign	withholding	taxes	have	been
recorded	relating	to	the	earnings	of	our	foreign	subsidiaries	since	all	such	earnings	are	intended	to	be	indefinitely	reinvested.	The	amount	of	the
unrecognized	deferred	tax	liability	associated	with	these	earnings	is	immaterial.
Federal	and	state	laws	can	impose	substantial	restrictions	on	the	utilization	of	net	operating	loss	and	tax	credit	carry-forwards	in	the	event	of	an
“ownership	change”,	as	defined	in	Section	382	of	the	Internal	Revenue	Code.	We	determined	that	no	significant	limitation	would	be	placed	on	the
utilization	of	our	net	operating	loss	and	tax	credit	carry-forwards	due	to	prior	ownership	changes.
	
109	
Uncertain	Tax	Positions
The	changes	to	our	gross	unrecognized	tax	benefits	were	as	follows	(in	thousands):
	
	
	
	
	
	
December	31,	2014
	
$
41,377
	
Increases	in	balances	related	to	prior	year	tax	positions
	
	
6,626
	
Increases	in	balances	related	to	current	year	tax
			positions
	
	
51,124
	
December	31,	2015
	
	
99,127
	
Increase	in	balances	related	to	prior	year	tax	positions
	
	
28,677
	
Increases	in	balances	related	to	current	year	tax
			positions
	
	
62,805
	
Assumed	uncertain	tax	positions	through	acquisition
	
	
13,327
	
December	31,	2016
	
	
203,936
	
Decrease	in	balances	related	to	prior	year	tax	positions
	
	
(31,493
)
Increases	in	balances	related	to	current	year	tax
			positions
	
	
84,352
	
Change	in	balances	related	to	effect	of	U.S.	tax	law
			change
	
	
(58,050
)
December	31,	2017
	
$
198,745
	
As	of	December	31,	2017,	accrued	interest	and	penalties	related	to	unrecognized	tax	benefits	are	classified	as	income	tax	expense	and	were
immaterial.	Unrecognized	tax	benefits	of	$191.0	million,	if	recognized,	would	not	affect	our	effective	tax	rate	since	the	tax	benefits	would	increase	a
deferred	tax	asset	that	is	currently	fully	offset	by	a	full	valuation	allowance.	We	do	not	anticipate	that	the	amount	of	existing	unrecognized	tax	benefits
will	significantly	increase	or	decrease	within	the	next	12	months.
We	file	income	tax	returns	in	the	U.S.,	California	and	various	state	and	foreign	jurisdictions.	Tax	years	2004	to	2016	remain	subject	to
examination	for	federal	income	tax	purposes,	and	tax	years	2004	to	2016	remain	subject	to	examination	for	California	income	tax	purposes.	All	net
operating	losses	and	tax	credits	generated	to	date	are	subject	to	adjustment	for	U.S.	federal	and	California	income	tax	purposes.	Tax	years	2008	to	2016
remain	subject	to	examination	in	other	U.S.	state	and	foreign	jurisdictions.
The	U.S.	Tax	Court	issued	a	decision	in	
Altera	Corp	v.	Commissioner
	related	to	the	treatment	of	stock-based	compensation	expense	in	a	cost-
sharing	arrangement.	As	this	decision	can	be	overturned	upon	appeal,	we	have	not	recorded	any	impact	as	of	December	31,	2017.	In	addition,	any
potential	tax	benefits	would	increase	our	U.S.	deferred	tax	asset,	which	is	currently	offset	with	a	full	valuation	allowance.
	
	
Note	17	–	Commitments	and	Contingencies
Leases
We	have	entered	into	various	non-cancellable	operating	lease	agreements	for	certain	of	our	offices,	manufacturing	and	warehouse	facilities,	retail
and	service	locations,	equipment,	vehicles,	solar	energy	systems	and	Supercharger	sites,	throughout	the	world.	Included	within	the	lease	commitment
table	below	are	payments	due	under	operating	leases	that	have	been	accounted	for	as	build-to-suit	lease	arrangements,	which	are	included	in	property,
plant	and	equipment	on	the	consolidated	balance	sheets.	Rent	expense	for	the	years	ended	December	31,	2017,	2016	and	2015	was	$177.7
	
million,
$116.8
	
million	and	$68.2	million,	respectively.
We	have	entered	into	various	agreements	to	lease	equipment	under	capital	leases	up	to	60	months.	The	equipment	under	the	leases	are	collateral
for	the	lease	obligations	and	are	included	within	property,	plant	and	equipment	on	the	consolidated	balance	sheets.
	
110	
Future	minimum	commitments	for	leases	as	of	December
	
31,	201
7
	
were
	as	follows	(in	thousands):
	
	
	
Operating
	
	
Capital
	
	
	
Leases
	
	
Leases
	
2018
	
$
224,630
	
	
$
127,180
	
2019
	
	
204,335
	
	
	
137,313
	
2020
	
	
175,612
	
	
	
167,281
	
2021
	
	
156,552
	
	
	
138,042
	
2022
	
	
130,802
	
	
	
133,772
	
Thereafter
	
	
425,295
	
	
	
81,627
	
Total	minimum	lease	payments
	
$
1,317,226
	
	
	
785,215
	
Less:	Amounts	representing	interest	not	yet	incurred
	
	
	
	
	
	
99,181
	
Present	value	of	capital	lease	obligations
	
	
	
	
	
	
686,034
	
Less:	Current	portion
	
	
	
	
	
	
96,700
	
Long-term	portion	of	capital	lease	obligations
	
	
	
	
	
$
589,334
Build-to-Suit	Lease	Arrangement	in	Buffalo,	New	York
We	have	a	build-to-suit	lease	arrangement	with	the	Research	Foundation	for	the	State	University	of	New	York	(the	“SUNY	Foundation”)	where
the	SUNY	Foundation	will	construct	a	solar	cell	and	panel	manufacturing	facility,	referred	to	as	Gigafactory	2,	with	our	participation	in	the	design	and
construction,	install	certain	utilities	and	other	improvements	and	acquire	certain	manufacturing	equipment	designated	by	us	to	be	used	in	the
manufacturing	facility.	The	SUNY	Foundation	covers	(i)	construction	costs	related	to	the	manufacturing	facility	up	to	$350.0	million,	(ii)	the	acquisition
and	commissioning	of	the	manufacturing	equipment	in	an	amount	up	to	$274.7	million	and	(iii)	$125.3	million	for	additional	specified	scope	costs,	in
cases	(i)	and	(ii)	only,	subject	to	the	maximum	funding	allocation	from	the	State	of	New	York;	and	we	are	responsible	for	any	construction	or	equipment
costs	in	excess	of	such	amounts.	The	SUNY	Foundation	will	own	the	manufacturing	facility	and	the	manufacturing	equipment	purchased	by	the	SUNY
Foundation.	Following	completion	of	the	manufacturing	facility,	we	will	lease	the	manufacturing	facility	and	the	manufacturing	equipment	owned	by	the
SUNY	Foundation	for	an	initial	period	of	10	years,	with	an	option	to	renew,	for	$2.00	per	year	plus	utilities.
Under	the	terms	of	the	build-to-suit	lease	arrangement,	we	are	required	to	achieve	specific	operational	milestones	during	the	initial	lease	term;
which	include	employing	a	certain	number	of	employees	at	the	manufacturing	facility,	within	western	New	York	and	within	the	State	of	New	York	within
specified	periods	following	the	completion	of	the	manufacturing	facility.	We	are	also	required	to	spend	or	incur	$5.00	billion	in	combined	capital,
operational	expenses	and	other	costs	in	the	State	of	New	York	within	10	years	following	the	achievement	of	full	production.	On	an	annual	basis	during	the
initial	lease	term,	as	measured	on	each	anniversary	of	the	commissioning	of	the	manufacturing	facility,	if	we	fail	to	meet	these	specified	investment	and
job	creation	requirements,	then	we	would	be	obligated	to	pay	a	$41.2	million	“program	payment”	to	the	
SUNY	
Foundation	for	each	year	that	we	fail	to
meet	these	requirements.	Furthermore,	if	the	arrangement	is	terminated	due	to	a	material	breach	by	us,	then	additional	amounts	might	become	payable
by	us.
The	non-cash	investing	and	financing	activities	related	to	the	arrangement	during	the	year	ended	December	31,	2017	amounted	to	$86.1	million.
The	non-cash	investing	and	financing	activities	related	to	the	arrangement	from	the	Acquisition	Date	through	December	31,	2016	amounted	to
$5.6	million.
Environmental	Liabilities
In	connection	with	our	factory	located	in	Fremont,	California,	we	are	obligated	to	pay	for	the	remediation	of	certain	environmental	conditions
existing	at	the	time	we	purchased	the	property	from	New	United	Motor	Manufacturing,	Inc.	(“NUMMI”).	In	particular,	we	are	responsible	for	the	first
$15.0	million	of	remediation	costs,	any	remediation	costs	in	excess	of	$30.0	million	and	any	remediation	costs	incurred	after	10	years	from	the	purchase
date.	NUMMI	is	responsible	for	any	remediation	costs	between	$15.0	million	and	$30.0	million	for	up	to	10	years	after	the	purchase	date.
	
111	
Legal	Proceedings
Proceedings	Related	to	U.S.	Treasury
In	July	2012,	SolarCity,	along	with	other	companies	in	the	solar	energy	industry,	received	a	subpoena	from	the	U.S.	Treasury	Department’s	Office
of	the	Inspector	General	to	deliver	certain	documents	in	SolarCity’s	possession	that	relate	to	SolarCity’s	applications	for	U.S.	Treasury	grants.	In
February	2013,	two	financing	funds	affiliated	with	SolarCity	filed	a	lawsuit	in	the	U.S.	Court	of	Federal	Claims	against	the	U.S.	government,	seeking	to
recover	$14.0	million	that	the	U.S.	Treasury	was	obligated	to	pay,	but	failed	to	pay,	under	Section	1603	of	the	American	Recovery	and	Reinvestment	Act
of	2009.	In	February	2016,	the	U.S.	government	filed	a	motion	seeking	leave	to	assert	a	counterclaim	against	the	two	plaintiff	funds	on	the	grounds	that
the	U.S.	government,	in	fact,	paid	them	more,	not	less,	than	they	were	entitled	to	as	a	matter	of	law.	In	September	2017,	SolarCity	and	the	U.S.
government	reached	a	global	settlement	of	both	the	investigation	and	SolarCity’s	lawsuit.	In	that	settlement,	SolarCity	admitted	no	wrongdoing	and
agreed	to	return	approximately	5%	of	the	U.S.	Treasury	cash	grants	it	had	received	between	2009	and	2013,	amounting	to	$29.5	million.	The
investigation	is	now	closed	and	SolarCity’s	lawsuit	has	been	dismissed.
Securities	Litigation	Relating	to	SolarCity’s	Financial	Statements	and	Guidance
On	March	28,	2014,	a	purported	stockholder	class	action	lawsuit	was	filed	in	the	U.S.	District	Court	for	the	Northern	District	of	California	against
SolarCity	and	two	of	its	officers.	The	complaint	alleges	violations	of	federal	securities	laws	and	seeks	unspecified	compensatory	damages	and	other	relief
on	behalf	of	a	purported	class	of	purchasers	of	SolarCity’s	securities	from	
March	6
,	2013	to	March	18,	2014.	After	a	series	of	amendments	to	the	original
complaint,	the	District	Court	dismissed	the	amended	complaint	and	entered	a	judgment	in	our	favor	on	August	9,	2016.	The	plaintiffs	have	filed	a	notice
of	appeal.	On	December	4,	2017,	the	District	Court	heard	oral	arguments	on	the	plaintiffs’	notice	of	appeal	from	the	dismissal.	We	believe	that	the	claims
are	without	merit	and	intend	to	defend	against	this	lawsuit	and	appeal	vigorously.	We	are	unable	to	estimate	the	possible	loss	or	range	of	loss,	if	any,
associated	with	this	lawsuit.
On	August	15,	2016,	a	purported	stockholder	class	action	lawsuit	was	filed	in	the	U.S.	District	Court	for	the	Northern	District	of	California	against
SolarCity,	two	of	its	officers	and	a	former	officer.	On	March	20,	2017,	the	purported	stockholder	class	filed	a	consolidated	complaint	that	includes	the	original
matter	in	the	same	court	against	SolarCity,	one	of	its	officers	and	three	former	officers.	As	consolidated,	the	complaint	alleges	that	SolarCity	made	projections
of	future	sales	and	installations	that	it	failed	to	achieve	and	that	these	projections	were	fraudulent	when	made.	The	suit	claimed	violations	of	federal	securities
laws	and	sought	unspecified	compensatory	damages	and	other	relief	on	behalf	of	a	purported	class	of	purchasers	of	SolarCity’s	securities	from	May	6,	2015	to
May	9,	2016.	On	July	25,	2017,	the	court	took	SolarCity’s	fully-briefed	motion	to	dismiss	under	submission.	On	August	11,	2017,	the	court	granted	the	motion
to	dismiss	with	leave	to	amend.	On	September	11,	2017,	after	lead	plaintiff	determined	he	would	not	amend,	the	Court	dismissed	the	action	with	prejudice	and
entered	judgment	in	favor	of	SolarCity	and	the	individual	defendants.
Securities	Litigation	Relating	to	the	SolarCity	Acquisition
Between	September	1,	2016	and	October	5,	2016,	seven	lawsuits	were	filed	in	the	Court	of	Chancery	of	the	State	of	Delaware	by	purported
stockholders	of	Tesla	challenging	the	SolarCity	acquisition.	Following	consolidation,	the	lawsuit	names	as	defendants	our	board	of	directors	and	alleges,
among	other	things,	that	they	breached	their	fiduciary	duties	in	connection	with	the	acquisition.	The	complaint	asserts	both	derivative	claims	and	direct
claims	on	behalf	of	a	purported	class	and	seeks,	among	other	relief,	unspecified	monetary	damages,	attorneys’	fees	and	costs.	On	January	27,	2017,	the
defendants	filed	a	motion	to	dismiss	the	operative	complaint.	Rather	than	respond	to	the	defendants’	motion,	the	plaintiffs	filed	an	amended	complaint.
On	March	17,	2017,	the	defendants	filed	a	motion	to	dismiss	the	amended	complaint.	On	December	13,	2017,	the	Court	heard	oral	arguments	on	the
motion	and	reserved	decision.	The	plaintiffs	filed	a	parallel	action	in	the	U.S.	District	Court	for	the	District	of	Delaware	on	April	21,	2017,	adding	claims
for	violations	of	federal	securities	laws.
On	February	6,	2017,	a	purported	stockholder	made	a	demand	to	inspect	our	books	and	records,	purportedly	to	investigate	potential	breaches	of
fiduciary	duties	in	connection	with	the	SolarCity	acquisition.	On	April	17,	2017,	the	purported	stockholder	filed	a	petition	for	a	writ	of	mandate	in	the
California	Superior	Court,	seeking	to	compel	us	to	provide	the	documents	requested	in	the	demand.	We	filed	a	demurrer	to	the	writ	petition	or,	in	the
alternative,	a
	
112	
motion	to	stay	the	action.	On	November
	
9,	2017,	the	
Superior	C
ourt	granted	
our
	motion	and	dismissed	the	action	with
out
	prejudice.
On	March	24,	2017,	another	lawsuit	was	filed	in	the	U.S.	District	Court	for	the	District	of	Delaware	by	a	purported	Tesla	stockholder	challenging
the	SolarCity	acquisition.	The	complaint	alleges,	among	other	things,	that	our	board	of	directors	breached	their	fiduciary	duties	in	connection	with	the
acquisition	and	alleges	violations	of	federal	securities	laws.
We	believe	that	the	claims	challenging	the	SolarCity	acquisition	are	without	merit.	We	are	unable	to	estimate	the	possible	loss	or	range	of	loss,	if
any,	associated	with	these	lawsuits.
Securities	Litigation	Relating	to	Production	of	Model	3	Vehicles
On	October	10,	2017,	a	purported	stockholder	class	action	lawsuit	was	filed	in	the	U.S.	District	Court	for	the	Northern	District	of	California
against	us,	two	of	our	current	officers	and	a	former	officer.	The	complaint	alleges	violations	of	federal	securities	laws	and	seeks	unspecified
compensatory	damages	and	other	relief	on	behalf	of	a	purported	class	of	purchasers	of	Tesla	securities	from	May	4,	2016	to	October	6,	2017.	The	lawsuit
claims	that	we	supposedly	made	materially	false	and	misleading	statements	regarding	our	preparedness	to	produce	Model	3	vehicles.	We	believe	that	the
claims	are	without	merit	and	intend	to	defend	against	this	lawsuit	vigorously.	We	are	unable	to	estimate	the	possible	loss	or	range	of	loss,	if	any,
associated	with	this	lawsuit.
Other	Matters
From	time	to	time,	we	have	received	requests	for	information	from	regulators	and	governmental	authorities,	such	as	the	National	Highway	Traffic
Safety	Administration,	the	National	Transportation	Safety	Board	and	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	We	are	also	subject	to	various	other	legal
proceedings	and	claims	that	arise	from	the	normal	course	of	business	activities.	If	an	unfavorable	ruling	were	to	occur,	there	exists	the	possibility	of	a
material	adverse	impact	on	our	results	of	operations,	prospects,	cash	flows,	financial	position	and	brand.
Indemnification	and	Guaranteed	Returns
We	are	contractually	obligated	to	compensate	certain	fund	investors	for	any	losses	that	they	may	suffer	in	certain	limited	circumstances	resulting
from	reductions	in	U.S.	Treasury	grants	or	ITCs.	Generally,	such	obligations	would	arise	as	a	result	of	reductions	to	the	value	of	the	underlying	solar
energy	systems	as	assessed	by	the	U.S.	Treasury	Department	for	purposes	of	claiming	U.S.	Treasury	grants	or	as	assessed	by	the	IRS	for	purposes	of
claiming	ITCs	or	U.S.	Treasury	grants.	For	each	balance	sheet	date,	we	assess	and	recognize,	when	applicable,	a	distribution	payable	for	the	potential
exposure	from	this	obligation	based	on	all	the	information	available	at	that	time,	including	any	guidelines	issued	by	the	U.S.	Treasury	Department	on
solar	energy	system	valuations	for	purposes	of	claiming	U.S.	Treasury	grants	and	any	audits	undertaken	by	the	IRS.	We	believe	that	any	payments	to	the
fund	investors	in	excess	of	the	amounts	already	recognized	by	us,	which	were	immaterial,	for	this	obligation	are	not	probable	based	on	the	facts	known	at
the	filing	date.
The	maximum	potential	future	payments	that	we	could	have	to	make	under	this	obligation	would	depend	on	the	difference	between	the	fair	values
of	the	solar	energy	systems	sold	or	transferred	to	the	funds	as	determined	by	us	and	the	values	that	the	U.S.	Treasury	Department	would	determine	as
fair	value	for	the	systems	for	purposes	of	claiming	U.S.	Treasury	grants	or	the	values	the	IRS	would	determine	as	the	fair	value	for	the	systems	for
purposes	of	claiming	ITCs	or	U.S.	Treasury	grants.	We	claim	U.S.	Treasury	grants	based	on	guidelines	provided	by	the	U.S.	Treasury	department	and	the
statutory	regulations	from	the	IRS.	We	use	fair	values	determined	with	the	assistance	of	independent	third-party	appraisals	commissioned	by	us	as	the
basis	for	determining	the	ITCs	that	are	passed-through	to	and	claimed	by	the	fund	investors.	Since	we	cannot	determine	future	revisions	to	U.S.	Treasury
Department	guidelines	governing	solar	energy	system	values	or	how	the	IRS	will	evaluate	system	values	used	in	claiming	ITCs	or	U.S.	Treasury	grants,
we	are	unable	to	reliably	estimate	the	maximum	potential	future	payments	that	it	could	have	to	make	under	this	obligation	as	of	each	balance	sheet	date.
We	are	eligible	to	receive	certain	state	and	local	incentives	that	are	associated	with	renewable	energy	generation.	The	amount	of	incentives	that
can	be	claimed	is	based	on	the	projected	or	actual	solar	energy	system	size	and/or	the	amount	of	solar	energy	produced.	We	also	currently	participate	in
one	state’s	incentive	program	that	is	based	on	either	the	fair	market	value	or	the	tax	basis	of	solar	energy	systems	placed	in	service.	State	and	local
	
113	
incentives	received	are	allocated	between	us	and	fund	investors	in	accordance	with	the	contractual	provisions	of	each	fund.	We	are	not	contractually
obligated	to	indemnify	any	fund	investor	for	any	losses	they	may	incur	due	to	a	shortfall	in	the	amount	of	state	or	local	incentives	actually	received.
We	are	contractually	obligated	to	make	payments	to	one	fund	investor	if	the	fund	investor	does	not	achieve	a	specified	minimum	internal	rate	of
return.	The	fund	investor	has	already	received	a	significant	portion	of	the	projected	economic	benefits	from	U.S.	Treasury	grant	distributions	and	tax
depreciation	benefits.	The	contractual	provisions	of	the	fund	state	that	the	fund	has	an	indefinite	term	unless	the	members	agree	to	dissolve	the	fund.
Based	on	our	current	financial	projections	regarding	the	amounts	and	timing	of	future	distributions	to	the	fund	investor,	we	do	not	expect	to	make	any
payments	as	a	result	of	this	guarantee	and	have	not	accrued	any	liabilities	for	this	guarantee.	The	amounts	of	any	potential	future	payments	under	this
guarantee	are	dependent	on	the	amounts	and	timing	of	future	distributions	to	the	fund	investor,	future	tax	benefits	that	accrue	to	the	fund	investor,	our
purchase	of	the	fund	investor’s	interest	in	the	fund	and	future	distributions	to	the	fund	investor	upon	the	liquidation	of	the	fund.	Due	to	the	uncertainties
surrounding	estimating	the	amounts	and	timing	of	these	factors,	we	are	unable	to	estimate	the	maximum	potential	payments	under	this	guarantee.	To
date,	the	fund	investor	has	achieved	the	specified	minimum	internal	rate	of	return.
Our	lease	pass-through	financing	funds	have	a	one-time	lease	payment	reset	mechanism	that	occurs	after	the	installation	of	all	solar	energy
systems	in	a	fund.	As	a	result	of	this	mechanism,	we	may	be	required	to	refund	master	lease	prepayments	previously	received	from	investors.	Any	refunds
of	master	lease	prepayments	would	reduce	the	lease	pass-through	financing	obligation.
Letters	of	Credit
As	of	December	31,	2017,	we	had	$138.2	million	of	unused	letters	of	credit	outstanding.
	
	
Note	18	–	VIE	Arrangements
We	have	entered	into	various	arrangements	with	investors	to	facilitate	the	funding	and	monetization	of	our	
solar	energy	systems	and	vehicles.	In
particular,	our	wholly	owned	subsidiaries	and	fund	investors	have	formed	and	contributed	cash	and	assets	into	various	financing	funds	and	entered	into
related	agreements.
	We	have	determined	that	the	funds	are	VIEs	and	we	are	the	primary	beneficiary	of	these	VIEs	by	reference	to	the	power	and	benefits
criterion	under	ASC	810,	
Consolidation
.	We	have	considered	the	provisions	within	the	agreements,	which	grant	us	the	power	to	manage	and	make
decisions	that	affect	the	operation	of	these	VIEs,	including	determining	the	solar	energy	systems	or	vehicles	and	the	associated	customer	contracts	to	be
sold	or	contributed	to	these	VIEs,	redeploying	solar	energy	systems	or	vehicles	and	managing	customer	receivables.	We	consider	that	the	rights	granted
to	the	fund	investors	under	the	agreements	are	more	protective	in	nature	rather	than	participating.
As	the	primary	beneficiary	of	these	VIEs,	we	consolidate	in	the	financial	statements	the	financial	position,	results	of	operations	and	cash	flows	of
these	VIEs,	and	all	intercompany	balances	and	transactions	between	us	and	these	VIEs	are	eliminated	in	the	consolidated	financial	statements.	Cash
distributions	of	income	and	other	receipts	by	a	fund,	net	of	agreed	upon	expenses,	estimated	expenses,	tax	benefits	and	detriments	of	income	and	loss
and	tax	credits,	are	allocated	to	the	fund	investor	and	our	subsidiary	as	specified	in	the	agreements.
Generally,	our	subsidiary	has	the	option	to	acquire	the	fund	investor’s	interest	in	the	fund	for	an	amount	based	on	the	market	value	of	the	fund	or
the	formula	specified	in	the	agreements.
Upon	the	sale	or	liquidation	of	a	fund,	distributions	would	occur	in	the	order	and	priority	specified	in	the	agreements.
Pursuant	to	management	services,	maintenance	and	warranty	arrangements,	we	have	been	contracted	to	provide	services	to	the	funds,	such	as
operations	and	maintenance	support,	accounting,	lease	servicing	and	performance	reporting.	In	some	instances,	we	have	guaranteed	payments	to	the
fund	investors	as	specified	in	the	agreements.	A	fund’s	creditors	have	no	recourse	to	our	general	credit	or	to	that	of	other	funds.	None	of	the	assets	of	the
funds	had	been	pledged	as	collateral	for	their	obligations.
	
114	
The	aggregate	carrying	values	of	the	VIEs’	assets	and	liabilities,	after	elimination	of	any	intercompany	transactions	and	balances,	in	the
consolidated	balance	sheets	were	as	follows	(in	thousands):
	
		
	
December	31,	2017
	
	
December	31,	2016
	
Assets
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Current	assets
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Cash	and	cash	equivalents
	
$
55,425
	
	
$
44,091
	
Restricted	cash
	
	
33,656
	
	
	
20,916
	
Accounts	receivable,	net
	
	
18,204
	
	
	
16,023
	
Prepaid	expenses	and	other	current	assets
	
	
9,018
	
	
	
14,178
	
Total	current	assets
	
	
116,303
	
	
	
95,208
	
Operating	lease	vehicles,	net
	
	
337,089
	
	
	
—
	
Solar	energy	systems,	leased	and	to	be	leased,	net
	
	
5,075,321
	
	
	
4,618,443
	
Restricted	cash,	net	of	current	portion
	
	
36,999
	
	
	
30,697
	
Other	assets
	
	
29,555
	
	
	
5,129
	
Total	assets
	
$
5,595,267
	
	
$
4,749,477
	
Liabilities
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Current	liabilities
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Accounts	payable
	
$
32
	
	
$
20
	
Accrued	liabilities	and	other
	
	
51,652
	
	
	
32,242
	
Deferred	revenue
	
	
59,412
	
	
	
17,114
	
Customer	deposits
	
	
726
	
	
	
1,169
	
Current	portion	of	long-term	debt	and	capital	leases
	
	
196,531
	
	
	
89,356
	
Total	current	liabilities
	
	
308,353
	
	
	
139,901
	
Deferred	revenue,	net	of	current	portion
	
	
323,919
	
	
	
178,783
	
Long-term	debt	and	capital	leases,	net	of	current	portion
	
	
625,934
	
	
	
466,741
	
Other	long-term	liabilities
	
	
30,536
	
	
	
82,917
	
Total	liabilities
	
$
1,288,742
	
	
$
868,342
	
	
Note	19	–	Lease	Pass-Through	Financing	Obligation
Through	December	31,	2017,	we	had	entered	into	eight	transactions	referred	to	as	“lease	pass-through	fund	arrangements”.	Under	these
arrangements,	our	wholly	owned	subsidiaries	finance	the	cost	of	solar	energy	systems	with	investors	through	arrangements	contractually	structured	as
master	leases	for	an	initial	term	ranging	between	10	and	25	years.	These	solar	energy	systems	are	subject	to	lease	or	power	purchase	agreements	with
customers	with	an	initial	term	not	exceeding	25	years.	These	solar	energy	systems	are	included	within	solar	energy	systems,	leased	and	to	be	leased,	net
on	the	consolidated	balance	sheet.
The	cost	of	the	solar	energy	systems	under	lease	pass-through	fund	arrangements	as	of	December	31,	2017	and	2016	was	$1.09	billion	and
$785.3	million,	respectively.	The	accumulated	depreciation	on	these	assets	as	of	December	31,	2017	and	2016	was	$30.9	million	and	$2.1	million,
respectively.	The	total	lease	pass-through	financing	obligation	as	of	December	31,	2017	was	$134.8	million,	of	which	$67.3	million	was	classified	as	a
current	liability.	The	total	lease	pass-through	financing	obligation	as	of	December	31,	2016	was	$122.3	million,	of	which	$51.5	million	was	classified	as	a
current	liability.
Under	a	lease	pass-through	fund	arrangement,	the	investor	makes	a	large	upfront	payment	to	the	lessor,	which	is	one	of	our	subsidiaries,	and	in
some	cases,	subsequent	periodic	payments.	We	allocate	a	portion	of	the	aggregate	investor	payments	to	the	fair	value	of	the	assigned	ITCs,	which	is
estimated	by	discounting	the	projected	cash	flow	impact	of	the	ITCs	using	a	market	interest	rate	and	is	accounted	for	separately	(see	Note	2,	
Summary	of
Significant	Accounting	Policies
).	We	account	for	the	remainder	of	the	investor	payments	as	a	borrowing	by	recording	the	proceeds	received	as	a	lease
pass-through	financing	obligation,	which	is	repaid	from	the	future	customer	lease	payments	and	any	incentive	rebates.	A	portion	of	the	amounts	received
by	the	investor	is	allocated	to	interest	expense	using	the	effective	interest	rate	method.
	
115	
The	lease	pass-through	financing	obligation	is	non-recourse	once	the	associated	solar	energy	systems	have	been	placed	in-service	and	the
associated	customer	arrangements	have	been	assigned	to	the	investors.	However
,	we	are	required	to	comply	with	certain	financial	covenants	specified	in
the	contractual	agreements,	which	we	had	met	as	of	December
	
31,	201
7
.
	In	addition,	we	are	responsible	for	any	warranties,	performance	guarantees,
accounting	and	performance	reporting.
	Furthermore,	we	continue	to	account	for	the	customer	arrangements	and	any	incentive	rebates	in	the
consolidated	financial	statements,	regardless	of	whether	the	cash	is	received	by	us	or	directly	by	the	investors.
As	of	December	31,	2017,	the	future	minimum	master	lease	payments	to	be	received	from	investors,	for	each	of	the	next	five	years	and	thereafter,
were	as	follows	(in	thousands):
	
2018
	
$
44,771
	
2019
	
	
44,973
	
2020
	
	
43,930
	
2021
	
	
42,731
	
2022
	
	
34,631
	
Thereafter
	
	
543,512
	
Total
	
$
754,548
For	two	of	the	lease	pass-through	fund	arrangements,	our	subsidiaries	have	pledged	its	assets	to	the	investors	as	security	for	its	obligations
under	the	contractual	agreements.
Each	lease	pass-through	fund	arrangement	has	a	one-time	master	lease	prepayment	adjustment	mechanism	that	occurs	when	the	capacity	and
the	placed-in-service	dates	of	the	associated	solar	energy	systems	are	finalized	or	on	an	agreed-upon	date.	As	part	of	this	mechanism,	the	master	lease
prepayment	amount	is	updated,	and	we	may	be	obligated	to	refund	a	portion	of	a	master	lease	prepayment	or	entitled	to	receive	an	additional	master
lease	prepayment.	Any	additional	master	lease	prepayments	are	recorded	as	an	additional	lease	pass-through	financing	obligation	while	any	master	lease
prepayment	refunds	would	reduce	the	lease	pass-through	financing	obligation.
	
	
Note	20	–	Defined	Contribution	Plan
We	have	a	401(k)	savings	plan	that	qualifies	as	a	deferred	salary	arrangement	under	Section	401(k)	of	the	Internal	Revenue	Code.	Under	the
401(k)	savings	plan,	participating	employees	may	elect	to	contribute	up	to	100%	of	their	eligible	compensation,	subject	to	certain	limitations.	Participants
are	fully	vested	in	their	contributions.	We	did	not	make	any	contributions	to	the	401(k)	savings	plan	during	the	years	ended	December	31,	2017,	2016	and
2015.
	
	
Note	21	–	Related	Party	Transactions
Related	party	balances	were	comprised	of	the	following	(in	thousands):
	
	
	
2017
	
	
2016
	
Solar	Bonds	issued	to	related	parties
	
$
100
	
	
$
265,100
	
Convertible	senior	notes	due	to	related	parties
	
$
3,000
	
	
$
13,000
	
Promissory	notes	due	to	related	parties
	
$
100,000
	
	
$
—
	
Due	to	related	parties	(primarily	accrued	interest,
			included	in	accrued	and	other	current	liabilities)
	
$
2,509
	
	
$
5,136
	
The	related	party	transactions	were	primarily	issuances,	maturities	and	exchanges	of	debt	held	by	Space	Exploration	Technologies	Corporation
(“SpaceX”),	our	CEO,	SolarCity’s	former	CEO,	SolarCity’s	former	Chief	Technology	Officer	and	an	entity	affiliated	with	our	CEO.	SpaceX	is	considered	a
related	party	because	our	CEO	is	also	the	CEO,	Chief	Technology	Officer,	Chairman	and	a	significant	stockholder	of	SpaceX.
On	March	21,	2017,	$90.0	million	in	aggregate	principal	amount	of	4.40%	Solar	Bonds	held	by	SpaceX	matured	and	were	fully	repaid	by	us.	On
June	10,	2017,	$75.0	million	in	aggregate	principal	amount	of	4.40%	Solar	Bonds	held	by	SpaceX	matured	and	were	fully	repaid	by	us.
	
116	
On	April	11,	2017,	our	CEO,	SolarCity’s	former	CEO	and	SolarCity’s	former	Chief	Technology	Officer	exchanged	their	$100.0	million	(collectively)
in	aggregate	principal	amount	of	6.50%	Solar	Bonds	due	in	February	2018	for	promissory	notes	in	the	same	amounts	and	with	substantially	the	same
terms.
On	April	18,	2017,	our	CEO	converted	all	of	his	Zero-Coupon	Convertible	Senior	Notes	due	in	2020,	which	had	an	aggregate	principal	amount	of
$10.0	million	(see	Note	14,	
Common	Stock
).
	
	
Note	22	–	Quarterly	Results	of	Operations	(Unaudited)
The	following	table	presents	selected	quarterly	results	of	operations	data	for	the	years	ended	December	31,	2017	and	2016	(in	thousands,	except
per	share	amounts):
	
	
	
Three	Months	Ended
	
	
	
March	31
	
	
June	30
	
	
September	30
	
	
December	31
	
2017
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Total	revenues
	
$
2,696,270
	
	
$
2,789,557
	
	
$
2,984,675
	
	
$
3,288,249
	
Gross	profit
	
$
667,946
	
	
$
666,615
	
	
$
449,140
	
	
$
438,786
	
Net	loss	attributable	to	common	stockholders
	
$
(330,277
)
	
$
(336,397
)
	
$
(619,376
)
	
$
(675,350
)
Net	loss	per	share	of	common	stock	attributable	to
			common	stockholders,	basic
	
$
(2.04
)
	
$
(2.04
)
	
$
(3.70
)
	
$
(4.01
)
Net	loss	per	share	of	common	stock	attributable	to
			common	stockholders,	diluted
	
$
(2.04
)
	
$
(2.04
)
	
$
(3.70
)
	
$
(4.01
)
2016
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Total	revenues
	
$
1,147,048
	
	
$
1,270,017
	
	
$
2,298,436
	
	
$
2,284,631
	
Gross	profit
	
$
252,468
	
	
$
274,776
	
	
$
636,735
	
	
$
435,278
	
Net	(loss)	income	attributable	to	common
			stockholders
	
$
(282,267
)
	
$
(293,188
)
	
$
21,878
	
	
$
(121,337
)
Net	(loss)	income	per	share	of	common	stock
			attributable	to	common	stockholders,	basic
	
$
(2.13
)
	
$
(2.09
)
	
$
0.15
	
	
$
(0.78
)
Net	(loss)	income	per	share	of	common	stock
			attributable	to	common	stockholders,	diluted
	
$
(2.13
)
	
$
(2.09
)
	
$
0.14
	
	
$
(0.78
)
	
	
Note	23	–	Segment	Reporting	and	Information	about	Geographic	Areas
We	have	two	operating	and	reportable	segments:	(i)	automotive	and	(ii)	energy	generation	and	storage.	The	automotive	segment	includes	the
design,	development,	manufacturing	and	sales	of	electric	vehicles.	Additionally,	the	automotive	segment	is	also	comprised	of	services	and	other,	which
includes	after-sales	vehicle	services,	used	vehicle	sales,	powertrain	sales	and	services	by	Grohmann.	The	energy	generation	and	storage	segment	includes
the	design,	manufacture,	installation	and	sales	of	solar	energy	generation	and	energy	storage	products.	Our	CODM	does	not	evaluate	operating	segments
using	asset	or	liability	information.	The	following	table	presents	revenues	and	gross	margins	by	reportable	segment	(in	thousands):
	
		
	
Year	Ended	December	31,
	
	
	
2017
	
	
2016
	
	
2015
	
Automotive	segment
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Revenues
	
$
10,642,485
	
	
$
6,818,738
	
	
$
4,031,458
	
Gross	profit
	
$
1,980,759
	
	
$
1,596,195
	
	
$
921,313
	
Energy	generation	and	storage	segment
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Revenues
	
$
1,116,266
	
	
$
181,394
	
	
$
14,477
	
Gross	profit
	
$
241,728
	
	
$
3,062
	
	
$
2,190
	
	
117	
The	following	table	presents	revenues	by	geographic	area	based	on	where	our	products	are	
delivered
	(in	thousands):
	
	
Year	Ended	December	31,
	
	
	
2017
	
	
2016
	
United	States
	
$
6,221,439
	
	
$
4,200,706
	
China
	
	
2,027,062
	
	
	
1,065,255
	
Norway
	
	
823,081
	
	
	
335,572
	
Other
	
	
2,687,169
	
	
	
1,398,599
	
Total
	
$
11,758,751
	
	
$
7,000,132
	
The	following	table	presents	long-lived	assets	by	geographic	area	(in	thousands):
	
		
	
2017
	
	
2016
	
United	States
	
$
15,587,979
	
	
$
11,399,545
	
International
	
	
787,033
	
	
	
503,294
	
Total
	
$
16,375,012
	
	
$
11,902,839
	
	
Note	24	–	Subsequent	Events
In	January	2018,	the	performance	milestone	for	the	aggregate	production	of	300,000	vehicles	under	the	2012	CEO	Grant	was	achieved,	resulting
in	the	vesting	of	the	ninth	of	10	tranches	under	the	grant.
Subject	to	stockholder	approval,	on	January	21,	2018,	our	Board	of	Directors	granted	a	new	10-year	CEO	performance	award	with	vesting
contingent	upon	achieving	certain	specified	market	capitalization	and	operational	milestones.	On	February	8,	2018,	we	filed	a	proxy	statement	to	seek
stockholder	approval	of	the	award.
On	February	6,	2018,	we	issued	$546.1	million	in	aggregate	principal	amount	of	automobile	lease-backed	notes	with	interest	rates	ranging	from
2.3%	to	4.9%	and	maturities	ranging	from	December	2019	to	March	2021.	The	proceeds	from	the	issuance,	net	of	discounts	and	fees,	were
$543.1	million.	Contemporaneously,	we	repaid	$453.6	million	of	the	principal	outstanding	under	the	Warehouse	Agreements.
On	February	14,	2018,	our	CEO	and	SolarCity’s	former	Chief	Technology	Officer	exchanged	their	$82.5	million	(collectively)	in	aggregate
principal	amount	of	6.50%	promissory	notes	due	in	February	2018	for	6.50%	promissory	notes	due	in	August	2018	in	the	same	amounts.
	
	
	
118	
I
TEM	9.
CHANGES	IN	AND	DISAGREEMENTS	WITH	ACCOUNTANTS	ON	ACCOUNTING	AND	FINANCIAL	DISCLOSURE
None
I
TEM	9A.
CONTROLS	AND	PROCEDURES
Evaluation	of	Disclosure	Controls	and	Procedures
We	conducted	an	evaluation	as	of	December	31,	2017,	under	the	supervision	and	with	the	participation	of	our	management,	including	our	Chief
Executive	Officer	and	Chief	Financial	Officer,	of	the	effectiveness	of	the	design	and	operation	of	our	disclosure	controls	and	procedures.	Based	upon	that
evaluation,	our	Chief	Executive	Officer	and	Chief	Financial	Officer	concluded	that,	as	of	December	31,	2017,	our	disclosure	controls	and	procedures	were
effective	to	provide	reasonable	assurance.
Management’s	Report	on	Internal	Control	over	Financial	Reporting
Our	management	is	responsible	for	establishing	and	maintaining	adequate	internal	control	over	financial	reporting.	Internal	control	over	financial
reporting	is	a	process	designed	by,	or	under	the	supervision	of,	our	Chief	Executive	Officer	and	Chief	Financial	Officer	to	provide	reasonable	assurance
regarding	the	reliability	of	financial	reporting	and	the	preparation	of	financial	statements	for	external	purposes	in	accordance	with	generally	accepted
accounting	principles	and	includes	those	policies	and	procedures	that	(1)	pertain	to	the	maintenance	of	records	that	in	reasonable	detail	accurately	and
fairly	reflect	the	transactions	and	dispositions	of	our	assets;	(2)	provide	reasonable	assurance	that	transactions	are	recorded	as	necessary	to	permit
preparation	of	financial	statements	in	accordance	with	generally	accepted	accounting	principles,	and	that	our	receipts	and	expenditures	are	being	made
only	in	accordance	with	authorizations	of	our	management	and	directors	and	(3)	provide	reasonable	assurance	regarding	prevention	or	timely	detection
of	unauthorized	acquisition,	use	or	disposition	of	our	assets	that	could	have	a	material	effect	on	the	financial	statements.
Under	the	supervision	and	with	the	participation	of	our	management,	including	our	Chief	Executive	Officer	and	Chief	Financial	Officer,	we
conducted	an	evaluation	of	the	effectiveness	of	our	internal	control	over	financial	reporting	based	on	criteria	established	in	
Internal	Control	–	Integrated
Framework	(2013)
	issued	by	the	Committee	of	Sponsoring	Organizations	of	the	Treadway	Commission	(“COSO”).	Our	management	concluded	that	our
internal	control	over	financial	reporting	was	effective	as	of	December	31,	2017.
Our	independent	registered	public	accounting	firm,	PricewaterhouseCoopers	LLP,	has	audited	the	effectiveness	of	our	internal	control	over
financial	reporting	as	of	December	31,	2017,	as	stated	in	their	report	which	is	included	herein.
Limitations	on	the	Effectiveness	of	Controls
Because	of	inherent	limitations,	internal	control	over	financial	reporting	may	not	prevent	or	detect	misstatements	and	projections	of	any
evaluation	of	effectiveness	to	future	periods	are	subject	to	the	risk	that	controls	may	become	inadequate	because	of	changes	in	conditions,	or	that	the
degree	of	compliance	with	the	policies	or	procedures	may	deteriorate.
Changes	in	Internal	Control	over	Financial	Reporting
There	was	no	change	in	our	internal	control	over	financial	reporting	that	occurred	during	the	fourth	fiscal	quarter	of	the	year	ended
December	31,	2017,	which	has	materially	affected,	or	is	reasonably	likely	to	materially	affect,	our	internal	control	over	financial	reporting.
	
	
119	
I
TEM	9B.
OTHER	INFORMATION
None
	
	
120	
P
ART	III
I
TEM	10.
DIRECTORS,	EXECUTIVE	OFFICERS	AND	CORPORATE	GOVERNANCE
The	information	required	by	this	Item	10	of	Form	10-K	will	be	included	in	our	2018	Proxy	Statement	to	be	filed	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange
Commission	in	connection	with	the	solicitation	of	proxies	for	our	2018	Annual	Meeting	of	Stockholders	and	is	incorporated	herein	by	reference.	The	2018
Proxy	Statement	will	be	filed	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission	within	120	days	after	the	end	of	the	fiscal	year	to	which	this	report	relates.
I
TEM	11.
EXECUTIVE	COMPENSATION
The	information	required	by	this	Item	11	of	Form	10-K	will	be	included	in	our	2018	Proxy	Statement	and	is	incorporated	herein	by	reference.
I
TEM	12.
SECURITY	OWNERSHIP	OF	CERTAIN	BENEFICIAL	OWNERS	AND	MANAGEMENT	AND	RELATED	STOCKHOLDER
MATTERS
The	information	required	by	this	Item	12	of	Form	10-K	will	be	included	in	our	2018	Proxy	Statement	and	is	incorporated	herein	by	reference.
I
TEM	13.
CERTAIN	RELATIONSHIPS	AND	RELATED	TRANSACTIONS	AND	DIRECTOR	INDEPENDENCE
The	information	required	by	this	Item	13	of	Form	10-K	will	be	included	in	our	2018	Proxy	Statement	and	is	incorporated	herein	by	reference.
I
TEM	14.
PRINCIPAL	ACCOUNTANT	FEES	AND	SERVICES
The	information	required	by	this	Item	14	of	Form	10-K	will	be	included	in	our	2018	Proxy	Statement	and	is	incorporated	herein	by	reference.
I
TEM	15.
EXHIBITS	AND	FINANCIAL	STATEMENT	SCHEDULES
1.
Financial	statements	(see	
Index	to	Consolidated	Financial	Statements
	in	Part	II,	Item	8	of	this	report)
2.
All	financial	statement	schedules	have	been	omitted	since	the	required	information	was	not	applicable	or	was	not	present	in	amounts	sufficient	to
require	submission	of	the	schedules,	or	because	the	information	required	is	included	in	the	consolidated	financial	statements	or	the
accompanying	notes
3.
The	exhibits	listed	in	the	following	
Index	to	Exhibits
	are	filed	or	incorporated	by	reference	as	part	of	this	report
	
	
121	
INDEX	TO	EXHIBITS
	
Exhibit
	
	
	
Incorporated	by	Reference
	
Filed
Number
	
Exhibit	Description
	
Form
	
File	No.
	
Exhibit
	
Filing	Date
	
Herewith
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				3.1
		
Amended	and	Restated	Certificate	of
Incorporation	of	the	Registrant.
		
10-K
		
001-34756
		
3.1
		
March	1,	2017
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				3.2
	
Certificate	of	Amendment	to	the	Amended	and
Restated	Certificate	of	Incorporation	of	the
Registrant.
	
10-K
	
001-34756
	
3.2
	
March	1,	2017
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				3.3
		
Amended	and	Restated	Bylaws	of	the	Registrant.
		
8-K
		
001-34756
		
3.2
		
February	1,	2017
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.1
		
Specimen	common	stock	certificate	of	the
Registrant.
		
10-K
		
001-34756
		
4.1
		
March	1,	2017
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.2
		
Fifth	Amended	and	Restated	Investors’	Rights
Agreement,	dated	as	of	August	31,	2009,
between	Registrant	and	certain	holders	of	the
Registrant’s	capital	stock	named	therein.
		
S-1
		
333-164593
		
4.2
		
January	29,	2010
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.3
		
Amendment	to	Fifth	Amended	and	Restated
Investors’	Rights	Agreement,	dated	as	of	May	20,
2010,	between	Registrant	and	certain	holders	of
the	Registrant’s	capital	stock	named	therein.
		
S-1/A
		
333-164593
		
4.2A
		
May	27,	2010
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.4
		
Amendment	to	Fifth	Amended	and	Restated
Investors’	Rights	Agreement	between	Registrant,
Toyota	Motor	Corporation	and	certain	holders	of
the	Registrant’s	capital	stock	named	therein.
		
S-1/A
		
333-164593
		
4.2B
		
May	27,	2010
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.5
		
Amendment	to	Fifth	Amended	and	Restated
Investor’s	Rights	Agreement,	dated	as	of	June	14,
2010,	between	Registrant	and	certain	holders	of
the	Registrant’s	capital	stock	named	therein.
		
S-1/A
		
333-164593
		
4.2C
		
June	15,	2010
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.6
		
Amendment	to	Fifth	Amended	and	Restated
Investor’s	Rights	Agreement,	dated	as	of
November	2,	2010,	between	Registrant	and
certain	holders	of	the	Registrant’s	capital	stock
named	therein.
		
8-K
		
001-34756
		
4.1
		
November	4,	2010
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.7
		
Waiver	to	Fifth	Amended	and	Restated	Investor’s
Rights	Agreement,	dated	as	of	May	22,	2011,
between	Registrant	and	certain	holders	of	the
Registrant’s	capital	stock	named	therein.
		
S-1/A
		
333-174466
		
4.2E
		
June	2,	2011
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
122	
Exhibit
	
	
	
Incorporated	by	Reference
	
Filed
Number
	
Exhibit	Description
	
Form
	
File	No.
	
Exhibit
	
Filing	Date
	
Herewith
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.8
		
Amendment	to	Fifth	Amended	and	Restated
Investor’s	Rights	Agreement,	dated	as	of	May	30,
2011,	between	Registrant	and	certain	holders	of
the	Registrant’s	capital	stock	named	therein.
		
8-K
		
001-34756
		
4.1
		
June	1,	2011
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.9
		
Sixth	Amendment	to	Fifth	Amended	and	Restated
Investors’	Rights	Agreement,	dated	as	of	May	15,
2013	among	the	Registrant,	the	Elon	Musk
Revocable	Trust	dated	July	22,	2003	and	certain
other	holders	of	the	capital	stock	of	the
Registrant	named	therein.
		
8-K
		
001-34756
		
4.1
		
May	20,	2013
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.10
		
Waiver	to	Fifth	Amended	and	Restated	Investor’s
Rights	Agreement,	dated	as	of	May	14,	2013,
between	the	Registrant	and	certain	holders	of	the
capital	stock	of	the	Registrant	named	therein.
		
8-K
		
001-34756
		
4.2
		
May	20,	2013
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.11
		
Waiver	to	Fifth	Amended	and	Restated	Investor’s
Rights	Agreement,	dated	as	of	August	13,	2015,
between	the	Registrant	and	certain	holders	of	the
capital	stock	of	the	Registrant	named	therein.
		
8-K
		
001-34756
		
4.1
		
August	19,	2015
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.12
		
Waiver	to	Fifth	Amended	and	Restated	Investors’
Rights	Agreement,	dated	as	of	May	18,	2016,
between	the	Registrant	and	certain	holders	of	the
capital	stock	of	the	Registrant	named	therein.
		
8-K
		
001-34756
		
4.1
		
May	24,	2016
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.13
	
Waiver	to	Fifth	Amended	and	Restated	Investors’
Rights	Agreement,	dated	as	of	March	15,	2017,
between	the	Registrant	and	certain	holders	of	the
capital	stock	of	the	Registrant	named	therein.
	
8-K
		
001-34756
		
4.1
		
March	17,	2017
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.14
		
Indenture,	dated	as	of	May	22,	2013,	by	and
between	the	Registrant	and	U.S.	Bank	National
Association.
		
8-K
		
001-34756
		
4.1
		
May	22,	2013
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.15
		
First	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as	of	May
22,	2013,	by	and	between	the	Registrant	and
U.S.	Bank	National	Association.
		
8-K
		
001-34756
		
4.2
		
May	22,	2013
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.16
		
Form	of	1.50%	Convertible	Senior	Note	Due	June
1,	2018	(included	in	Exhibit	4.15).
		
8-K
		
001-34756
		
4.2
		
May	22,	2013
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
123	
Exhibit
	
	
	
Incorporated	by	Reference
	
Filed
Number
	
Exhibit	Description
	
Form
	
File	No.
	
Exhibit
	
Filing	Date
	
Herewith
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.17
	
Second	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as	of
March	5,	2014,	by	and	between	the	Registrant
and	U.S.	Bank	National	Association
.
	
8-K
	
001-34756
	
4.2
	
March	5,	2014
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.18
	
Form	of	0.25%	Convertible	Senior	Note	Due
March	1,	2019	(included	in	Exhibit	4.17).
	
8-K
	
001-34756
	
4.2
	
March	5,	2014
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.19
	
Third	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as	of	March
5,	2014,	by	and	between	the	Registrant	and	U.S.
Bank	National	Association.
	
8-K
	
001-34756
	
4.4
	
March	5,	2014
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.20
	
Form	of	1.25%	Convertible	Senior	Note	Due
March	1,	2021	(included	in	Exhibit	4.19).
	
8-K
	
001-34756
	
4.4
	
March	5,	2014
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.21
	
Fourth	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as	of
March	22,	2017,	by	and	between	the	Registrant
and	U.S.	Bank	National	Association.
	
8-K
	
001-34756
	
4.2
	
March	22,	2017
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.22
	
Form	of	2.375%	Convertible	Senior	Note	Due
March	15,	2022	(included	in	Exhibit	4.21).
	
8-K
	
001-34756
	
4.2
	
March	22,	2017
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.23
	
Indenture,	dated	as	of	August	18,	2017,	by	and
among	the	Registrant,	SolarCity,	and	U.S.	Bank
National	Association,	as	trustee.
	
8-K
	
001-34756
	
4.1
	
August	23,	2017
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.24
	
Form	of	5.30%	Senior	Note	due	August	15,	2025
.
	
8-K
	
001-34756
	
4.2
	
August	23,	2017
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.25
	
Indenture,	dated	as	of	October	21,	2013,	by	and
between	SolarCity	and	Wells	Fargo	Bank
National	Association,	including	the	form	of
convertible	senior	notes	contained	therein.
	
8-K
(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.1
	
October	21,	2013
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.26
	
First	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as	of
November	21,	2016,	between	SolarCity	and	Wells
Fargo	Bank,	National	Association,	as	trustee	to
the	Indenture,	dated	as	of	October	21,	2013,
between	SolarCity	and	Wells	Fargo	Bank,
National	Association,	as	trustee.
	
8-K
	
001-34756
	
4.1
	
November	21,	2016
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.27
	
Indenture,	dated	as	of	September	30,	2014,
between	SolarCity	and	Wells	Fargo	Bank,
National	Association
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.1
	
October	6,	2014
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
124	
Exhibit
	
	
	
Incorporated	by	Reference
	
Filed
Number
	
Exhibit	Description
	
Form
	
File	No.
	
Exhibit
	
Filing	Date
	
Herewith
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.28
	
First	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as	of
November	21,	2016,	between	SolarCity	and	Wells
Fargo	Bank,	National	Association,	as	trustee	to
the	Indenture,	dated	as	of	September	30,	2014,
between	SolarCity	and	Wells	Fargo	Bank,
National	Association,	as	trustee.
	
8-K
	
001-34756
	
4.2
	
November	21,	2016
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.29
	
Indenture,	dated	as	of	December	7,	2015,
between	SolarCity	and	Wells	Fargo	Bank,
National	Association
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.1
	
December	7,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.30
	
First	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as	of
November	21,	2016,	between	SolarCity	and	Wells
Fargo	Bank,	National	Association,	as	trustee	to
the	Indenture,	dated	as	of	December	7,	2015,
between	SolarCity	and	Wells	Fargo	Bank,
National	Association,	as	trustee.
	
8-K
	
001-34756
	
4.3
	
November	21,	2016
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.31
	
Indenture,	dated	as	of	October	15,	2014,	between
SolarCity	and	U.S.	Bank	National	Association,	as
trustee.
	
S-3ASR(1)
	
333-199321
	
4.1
	
October	15,	2014
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.32
	
Third	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as	of
October	15,	2014,	by	and	between	SolarCity	and
the	Trustee,	related	to	SolarCity’s	3.00%	Solar
Bonds,	Series	2014/3-3.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.4
	
October	15,	2014
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.33
	
Fourth	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as	of
October	15,	2014,	by	and	between	SolarCity	and
the	Trustee,	related	to	SolarCity’s	4.00%	Solar
Bonds,	Series	2014/4-7
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.5
	
October	15,	2014
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.34
	
Seventh	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as	of
January	29,	2015,	by	and	between	SolarCity	and
the	Trustee,	related	to	SolarCity’s	3.00%	Solar
Bonds,	Series	2015/3-3.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.4
	
January	29,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.35
	
Eighth	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as	of
January	29,	2015,	by	and	between	SolarCity	and
the	Trustee,	related	to	SolarCity’s	4.00%	Solar
Bonds,	Series	2015/4-7.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.5
	
January	29,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.36
	
Ninth	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as	of	March
9,	2015,	by	and	between	SolarCity	and	the
Trustee,	related	to	SolarCity’s	4.00%	Solar
Bonds,	Series	2015/5-5.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.2
	
March	9,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
125	
Exhibit
	
	
	
Incorporated	by	Reference
	
Filed
Number
	
Exhibit	Description
	
Form
	
File	No.
	
Exhibit
	
Filing	Date
	
Herewith
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.37
	
Tenth	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as	of
March	9,	2015,	by	and	between	SolarCity	and	the
Trustee,	related	to	SolarCity’s	5.00%	Solar
Bonds,	Series	2015/6-10.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.3
	
March	9,	2015
	
	
				4.38
	
Eleventh	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as	of
March	9,	2015,	by	and	between	SolarCity	and	the
Trustee,	related	to	SolarCity’s	5.75%	Solar
Bonds,	Series	2015/7-15.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.4
	
March	9,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.39
	
Thirteenth	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as	of
March	19,	2015,	by	and	between	SolarCity	and
the	Trustee,	related	to	SolarCity’s	2.60%	Solar
Bonds,	Series	2015/C2-3.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.3
	
March	19,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.40
	
Fourteenth	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as	of
March	19,	2015,	by	and	between	SolarCity	and
the	Trustee,	related	to	SolarCity’s	3.60%	Solar
Bonds,	Series	2015/C3-5.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.4
	
March	19,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.41
	
Fifteenth	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as	of
March	19,	2015,	by	and	between	SolarCity	and
the	Trustee,	related	to	SolarCity’s	4.70%	Solar
Bonds,	Series	2015/C4-10.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.5
	
March	19,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.42
	
Sixteenth	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as	of
March	19,	2015,	by	and	between	SolarCity	and
the	Trustee,	related	to	SolarCity’s	5.45%	Solar
Bonds,	Series	2015/C5-15.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.6
	
March	19,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.43
	
Eighteenth	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as	of
March	26,	2015,	by	and	between	SolarCity	and
the	Trustee,	related	to	SolarCity’s	2.65%	Solar
Bonds,	Series	2015/C7-3.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.3
	
March	26,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.44
	
Nineteenth	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as	of
March	26,	2015,	by	and	between	SolarCity	and
the	Trustee,	related	to	SolarCity’s	3.60%	Solar
Bonds,	Series	2015/C8-5.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.4
	
March	26,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.45
	
Twentieth	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as	of
March	26,	2015,	by	and	between	SolarCity	and
the	Trustee,	related	to	SolarCity’s	4.70%	Solar
Bonds,	Series	2015/C9-10.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.5
	
March	26,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
126	
Exhibit
	
	
	
Incorporated	by	Reference
	
Filed
Number
	
Exhibit	Description
	
Form
	
File	No.
	
Exhibit
	
Filing	Date
	
Herewith
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.46
	
Twenty-First	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as	of
March	26,	2015,	by	and	between	SolarCity	and
the	Trustee,	related	to	SolarCity’s	5.45%	Solar
Bonds,	Series	2015/C10-15.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.6
	
March	26,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.47
	
Twenty-Fourth	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as
of	April	2,	2015,	by	and	between	SolarCity	and
the	Trustee,	related	to	SolarCity’s	2.65%	Solar
Bonds,	Series	2015/C12-3.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.3
	
April	2,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.48
	
Twenty-Fifth	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as	of
April	2,	2015,	by	and	between	SolarCity	and	the
Trustee,	related	to	SolarCity’s	3.60%	Solar
Bonds,	Series	2015/C13-5.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.4
	
April	2,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.49
	
Twenty-Sixth	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as
of	April	2,	2015,	by	and	between	SolarCity	and
the	Trustee,	related	to	SolarCity’s	4.70%	Solar
Bonds,	Series	2015/C14-10.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.5
	
April	2,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.50
	
Twenty-Eighth	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as
of	April	9,	2015,	by	and	between	SolarCity	and
the	Trustee,	related	to	SolarCity’s	2.65%	Solar
Bonds,	Series	2015/C17-3.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.3
	
April	9,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.51
	
Twenty-Ninth	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as
of	April	9,	2015,	by	and	between	SolarCity	and
the	Trustee,	related	to	SolarCity’s	3.60%	Solar
Bonds,	Series	2015/C18-5.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.4
	
April	9,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.52
	
Thirtieth	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as	of
April	9,	2015,	by	and	between	SolarCity	and	the
Trustee,	related	to	SolarCity’s	4.70%	Solar
Bonds,	Series	2015/C19-10.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.5
	
April	9,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.53
	
Thirty-First	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as	of
April	9,	2015,	by	and	between	SolarCity	and	the
Trustee,	related	to	SolarCity’s	5.45%	Solar
Bonds,	Series	2015/C20-15.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.6
	
April	9,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.54
	
Thirty-Third	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as	of
April	14,	2015,	by	and	between	SolarCity	and	the
Trustee,	related	to	SolarCity’s	2.65%	Solar
Bonds,	Series	2015/C22-3.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.3
	
April	14,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
127	
Exhibit
	
	
	
Incorporated	by	Reference
	
Filed
Number
	
Exhibit	Description
	
Form
	
File	No.
	
Exhibit
	
Filing	Date
	
Herewith
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.55
	
Thirty-Fourth	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as
of	April	14,	2015,	by	and	between	SolarCity	and
the	Trustee,	related	to	SolarCity’s	3.60%	Solar
Bonds,	Series	2015/C23-5.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.4
	
April	14,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.56
	
Thirty-Fifth	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as	of
April	14,	2015,	by	and	between	SolarCity	and	the
Trustee,	related	to	SolarCity’s	4.70%	Solar
Bonds,	Series	2015/C24-10.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.5
	
April	14,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.57
	
Thirty-Sixth	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as	of
April	14,	2015,	by	and	between	SolarCity	and	the
Trustee,	related	to	SolarCity’s	5.45%	Solar
Bonds,	Series	2015/C25-15.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.6
	
April	14,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.58
	
Thirty-Eighth	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as
of	April	21,	2015,	by	and	between	SolarCity	and
the	Trustee,	related	to	SolarCity’s	4.70%	Solar
Bonds,	Series	2015/C27-10.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.3
	
April	21,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.59
	
Thirty-Ninth	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as	of
April	21,	2015,	by	and	between	SolarCity	and	the
Trustee,	related	to	SolarCity’s	5.45%	Solar
Bonds,	Series	2015/C28-15.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.4
	
April	21,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.60
	
Forty-First	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as	of
April	27,	2015,	by	and	between	SolarCity	and	the
Trustee,	related	to	SolarCity’s	2.65%	Solar
Bonds,	Series	2015/C30-3.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.3
	
April	27,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.61
	
Forty-Second	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as
of	April	27,	2015,	by	and	between	SolarCity	and
the	Trustee,	related	to	SolarCity’s	3.60%	Solar
Bonds,	Series	2015/C31-5.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.4
	
April	27,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.62
	
Forty-Third	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as	of
April	27,	2015,	by	and	between	SolarCity	and	the
Trustee,	related	to	SolarCity’s	4.70%	Solar
Bonds,	Series	2015/C32-10.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.5
	
April	27,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.63
	
Forty-Fourth	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as
of	April	27,	2015,	by	and	between	SolarCity	and
the	Trustee,	related	to	SolarCity’s	5.45%	Solar
Bonds,	Series	2015/C33-15.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.6
	
April	27,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
128	
Exhibit
	
	
	
Incorporated	by	Reference
	
Filed
Number
	
Exhibit	Description
	
Form
	
File	No.
	
Exhibit
	
Filing	Date
	
Herewith
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.64
	
Forty-Sixth	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as	of
May	1,	2015,	by	and	between	SolarCity	and	the
Trustee,	related	to	SolarCity’s	3.00%	Solar
Bonds,	Series	2015/10-3.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.3
	
May	1,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.65
	
Forty-Seventh	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as
of	May	1,	2015,	by	and	between	SolarCity	and
the	Trustee,	related	to	SolarCity’s	4.00%	Solar
Bonds,	Series	2015/11-5.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.4
	
May	1,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.66
	
Forty-Eighth	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as	of
May	1,	2015,	by	and	between	SolarCity	and	the
Trustee,	related	to	SolarCity’s	5.00%	Solar
Bonds,	Series	2015/12-10.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.5
	
May	1,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.67
	
Forty-Ninth	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as	of
May	1,	2015,	by	and	between	SolarCity	and	the
Trustee,	related	to	SolarCity’s	5.75%	Solar
Bonds,	Series	2015/13-15.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.6
	
May	1,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.68
	
Fiftieth	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as	of	May
11,	2015,	by	and	between	SolarCity	and	the
Trustee,	related	to	SolarCity’s	2.65%	Solar
Bonds,	Series	2015/C34-3.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.2
	
May	11,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.69
	
Fifty-First	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as	of
May	11,	2015,	by	and	between	SolarCity	and	the
Trustee,	related	to	SolarCity’s	3.60%	Solar
Bonds,	Series	2015/C35-5.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.3
	
May	11,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.70
	
Fifty-Second	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as	of
May	11,	2015,	by	and	between	SolarCity	and	the
Trustee,	related	to	SolarCity’s	4.70%	Solar
Bonds,	Series	2015/C36-10
.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.4
	
May	11,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.71
	
Fifty-Third	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as	of
May	11,	2015,	by	and	between	SolarCity	and	the
Trustee,	related	to	SolarCity’s	5.45%	Solar
Bonds,	Series	2015/C37-15.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.5
	
May	11,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.72
	
Fifty-Fourth	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as	of
May	14,	2015,	by	and	between	SolarCity	and	the
Trustee,	related	to	SolarCity’s	2.50%	Solar
Bonds,	Series	2015/14-2.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.2
	
May	14,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
129	
Exhibit
	
	
	
Incorporated	by	Reference
	
Filed
Number
	
Exhibit	Description
	
Form
	
File	No.
	
Exhibit
	
Filing	Date
	
Herewith
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.73
	
Fifty-Fifth	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as	of
May	18,	2015,	by	and	between	SolarCity	and	the
Trustee,	related	to	SolarCity’s	2.65%	Solar
Bonds,	Series	2015/C38-3.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.2
	
May	18,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.74
	
Fifty-Sixth	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as	of
May	18,	2015,	by	and	between	SolarCity	and	the
Trustee,	related	to	SolarCity’s	3.60%	Solar
Bonds,	Series	2015/C39-5.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.3
	
May	18,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.75
	
Fifty-Seventh	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as
of	May	18,	2015,	by	and	between	SolarCity	and
the	Trustee,	related	to	SolarCity’s	4.70%	Solar
Bonds,	Series	2015/C40-10.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.4
	
May	18,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.76
	
Fifty-Eighth	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as	of
May	18,	2015,	by	and	between	SolarCity	and	the
Trustee,	related	to	SolarCity’s	5.45%	Solar
Bonds,	Series	2015/C41-15.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.5
	
May	18,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.77
	
Fifty-Ninth	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as	of
May	26,	2015,	by	and	between	SolarCity	and	the
Trustee,	related	to	SolarCity’s	2.65%	Solar
Bonds,	Series	2015/C42-3.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.2
	
May	26,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.78
	
Sixtieth	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as	of	May
26,	2015,	by	and	between	SolarCity	and	the
Trustee,	related	to	SolarCity’s	3.60%	Solar
Bonds,	Series	2015/C43-5.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.3
	
May	26,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.79
	
Sixty-First	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as	of
May	26,	2015,	by	and	between	SolarCity	and	the
Trustee,	related	to	SolarCity’s	4.70%	Solar
Bonds,	Series	2015/C44-10.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.4
	
May	26,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.80
	
Sixty-Second	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as
of	May	26,	2015,	by	and	between	SolarCity	and
the	Trustee,	related	to	SolarCity’s	5.45%	Solar
Bonds,	Series	2015/C45-15.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.5
	
May	26,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.81
	
Sixty-Fourth	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as	of
June	8,	2015,	by	and	between	SolarCity	and	the
Trustee,	related	to	SolarCity’s	2.65%	Solar
Bonds,	Series	2015/C46-3.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.2
	
June	10,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
130	
Exhibit
	
	
	
Incorporated	by	Reference
	
Filed
Number
	
Exhibit	Description
	
Form
	
File	No.
	
Exhibit
	
Filing	Date
	
Herewith
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.82
	
Sixty-Fifth	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as	of
June	8,	2015,	by	and	between	SolarCity	and	the
Trustee,	related	to	SolarCity’s	3.60%	Solar
Bonds,	Series	2015/C47-5.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.3
	
June	10,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.83
	
Sixty-Sixth	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as	of
June	8,	2015,	by	and	between	SolarCity	and	the
Trustee,	related	to	SolarCity’s	4.70%	Solar
Bonds,	Series	2015/C48-10.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.4
	
June	10,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.84
	
Sixty-Seventh	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as
of	June	8,	2015,	by	and	between	SolarCity	and
the	Trustee,	related	to	SolarCity’s	5.45%	Solar
Bonds,	Series	2015/C49-15.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.5
	
June	10,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.85
	
Sixty-Eighth	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as	of
June	16,	2015,	by	and	between	SolarCity	and	the
Trustee,	related	to	SolarCity’s	2.65%	Solar
Bonds,	Series	2015/C50-3.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.2
	
June	16,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.86
	
Sixty-Ninth	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as	of
June	16,	2015,	by	and	between	SolarCity	and	the
Trustee,	related	to	SolarCity’s	3.60%	Solar
Bonds,	Series	2015/C51-5.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.3
	
June	16,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.87
	
Seventieth	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as	of
June	16,	2015,	by	and	between	SolarCity	and	the
Trustee,	related	to	SolarCity’s	4.70%	Solar
Bonds,	Series	2015/C52-10.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.4
	
June	16,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.88
	
Seventy-First	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as
of	June	16,	2015,	by	and	between	SolarCity	and
the	Trustee,	related	to	SolarCity’s	5.45%	Solar
Bonds,	Series	2015/C53-15.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.5
	
June	16,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.89
	
Seventy-Second	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated
as	of	June	22,	2015,	by	and	between	SolarCity
and	the	Trustee,	related	to	SolarCity’s	2.65%
Solar	Bonds,	Series	2015/C54-3.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.2
	
June	23,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.90
	
Seventy-Third	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as
of	June	22,	2015,	by	and	between	SolarCity	and
the	Trustee,	related	to	SolarCity’s	3.60%	Solar
Bonds,	Series	2015/C55-5.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.3
	
June	23,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
131	
Exhibit
	
	
	
Incorporated	by	Reference
	
Filed
Number
	
Exhibit	Description
	
Form
	
File	No.
	
Exhibit
	
Filing	Date
	
Herewith
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.91
	
Seventy-Fourth	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated
as	of	June	22,	2015,	by	and	between	SolarCity
and	the	Trustee,	related	to	SolarCity’s	4.70%
Solar	Bonds,	Series	2015/C56-10.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.4
	
June	23,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.92
	
Seventy-Fifth	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as
of	June	22,	2015,	by	and	between	SolarCity	and
the	Trustee,	related	to	SolarCity’s	5.45%	Solar
Bonds,	Series	2015/C57-15
.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.5
	
June	23,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.93
	
Seventy-Eighth	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as
of	June	29,	2015,	by	and	between	SolarCity	and
the	Trustee,	related	to	SolarCity’s	2.65%	Solar
Bonds,	Series	2015/C59-3.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.3
	
June	29,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.94
	
Seventy-Ninth	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as
of	June	29,	2015,	by	and	between	SolarCity	and
the	Trustee,	related	to	SolarCity’s	3.60%	Solar
Bonds,	Series	2015/C60-5.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.4
	
June	29,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.95
	
Eightieth	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as	of
June	29,	2015,	by	and	between	SolarCity	and	the
Trustee,	related	to	SolarCity’s	4.70%	Solar
Bonds,	Series	2015/C61-10.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.5
	
June	29,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.96
	
Eighty-First	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as	of
June	29,	2015,	by	and	between	SolarCity	and	the
Trustee,	related	to	SolarCity’s	5.45%	Solar
Bonds,	Series	2015/C62-15.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.6
	
June	29,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.97
	
Eighty-Third	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as	of
July	14,	2015,	by	and	between	SolarCity	and	the
Trustee,	related	to	SolarCity’s	2.65%	Solar
Bonds,	Series	2015/C64-3.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.3
	
July	14,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.98
	
Eighty-Fourth	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as
of	July	14,	2015,	by	and	between	SolarCity	and
the	Trustee,	related	to	SolarCity’s	3.60%	Solar
Bonds,	Series	2015/C65-5.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.4
	
July	14,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.99
	
Eighty-Fifth	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as	of
July	14,	2015,	by	and	between	SolarCity	and	the
Trustee,	related	to	SolarCity’s	4.70%	Solar
Bonds,	Series	2015/C66-10.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.5
	
July	14,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
132	
Exhibit
	
	
	
Incorporated	by	Reference
	
Filed
Number
	
Exhibit	Description
	
Form
	
File	No.
	
Exhibit
	
Filing	Date
	
Herewith
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.100
	
Eighty-Sixth	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as	of
July	14,	2015,	by	and	between	SolarCity	and	the
Trustee,	related	to	SolarCity’s	5.45%	Solar
Bonds,	Series	2015/C67-15.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.6
	
July	14,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.101
	
Eighty-Eighth	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as
of	July	20,	2015,	by	and	between	SolarCity	and
the	Trustee,	related	to	SolarCity’s	2.65%	Solar
Bonds,	Series	2015/C69-3.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.3
	
July	21,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.102
	
Eighty-Ninth	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as
of	July	20,	2015,	by	and	between	SolarCity	and
the	Trustee,	related	to	SolarCity’s	3.60%	Solar
Bonds,	Series	2015/C70-5.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.4
	
July	21,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.103
	
Ninetieth	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as	of
July	20,	2015,	by	and	between	SolarCity	and	the
Trustee,	related	to	SolarCity’s	4.70%	Solar
Bonds,	Series	2015/C71-10.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.5
	
July	21,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.104
	
Ninety-First	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as	of
July	20,	2015,	by	and	between	SolarCity	and	the
Trustee,	related	to	SolarCity’s	5.45%	Solar
Bonds,	Series	2015/C72-15.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.6
	
July	21,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.105
	
Ninety-Third	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as	of
July	31,	2015,	by	and	between	SolarCity	and	the
Trustee,	related	to	SolarCity’s	3.00%	Solar
Bonds,	Series	2015/18-3.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.3
	
July	31,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.106
	
Ninety-Fourth	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as
of	July	31,	2015,	by	and	between	SolarCity	and
the	Trustee,	related	to	SolarCity’s	4.00%	Solar
Bonds,	Series	2015/19-5.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.4
	
July	31,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.107
	
Ninety-Fifth	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as	of
July	31,	2015,	by	and	between	SolarCity	and	the
Trustee,	related	to	SolarCity’s	5.00%	Solar
Bonds,	Series	2015/20-10.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.5
	
July	31,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.108
	
Ninety-Sixth	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as	of
July	31,	2015,	by	and	between	SolarCity	and	the
Trustee,	related	to	SolarCity’s	5.75%	Solar
Bonds,	Series	2015/21-15.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.6
	
July	31,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
133	
Exhibit
	
	
	
Incorporated	by	Reference
	
Filed
Number
	
Exhibit	Description
	
Form
	
File	No.
	
Exhibit
	
Filing	Date
	
Herewith
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.109
	
Ninety-Eighth	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as
of	August	3,	2015,	by	and	between	SolarCity	and
the	Trustee,	related	to	SolarCity’s	2.65%	Solar
Bonds,	Series	2015/C74-3.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.3
	
August	3,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.110
	
Ninety-Ninth	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as
of	August	3,	2015,	by	and	between	SolarCity	and
the	Trustee,	related	to	SolarCity’s	3.60%	Solar
Bonds,	Series	2015/C75-5.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.4
	
August	3,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.111
	
One	Hundredth	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated
as	of	August	3,	2015,	by	and	between	SolarCity
and	the	Trustee,	related	to	SolarCity’s	4.70%
Solar	Bonds,	Series	2015/C76-10.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.5
	
August	3,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.112
	
One	Hundred-and-First	Supplemental	Indenture,
dated	as	of	August	3,	2015,	by	and	between
SolarCity	and	the	Trustee,	related	to	SolarCity’s
5.45%	Solar	Bonds,	Series	2015/C77-15.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.6
	
August	3,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.113
	
One	Hundred-and-Third	Supplemental	Indenture,
dated	as	of	August	10,	2015,	by	and	between
SolarCity	and	the	Trustee,	related	to	SolarCity’s
2.65%	Solar	Bonds,	Series	2015/C79-3.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.3
	
August	10,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.114
	
One	Hundred-and-Fourth	Supplemental
Indenture,	dated	as	of	August	10,	2015,	by	and
between	SolarCity	and	the	Trustee,	related	to
SolarCity’s	3.60%	Solar	Bonds,	Series	2015/C80-
5.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.4
	
August	10,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.115
	
One	Hundred-and-Fifth	Supplemental	Indenture,
dated	as	of	August	10,	2015,	by	and	between
SolarCity	and	the	Trustee,	related	to	SolarCity’s
4.70%	Solar	Bonds,	Series	2015/C81-10.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.5
	
August	10,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.116
	
One	Hundred-and-Sixth	Supplemental	Indenture,
dated	as	of	August	10,	2015,	by	and	between
SolarCity	and	the	Trustee,	related	to	SolarCity’s
5.45%	Solar	Bonds,	Series	2015/C82-15.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.6
	
August	10,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
134	
Exhibit
	
	
	
Incorporated	by	Reference
	
Filed
Number
	
Exhibit	Description
	
Form
	
File	No.
	
Exhibit
	
Filing	Date
	
Herewith
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.117
	
One	Hundred-and-Eighth	Supplemental
Indenture,	dated	as	of	August	17,	2015,	by	and
between	SolarCity	and	the	Trustee,	related	to
SolarCity’s	2.65%	Solar	Bonds,	Series	2015/C84-
3.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.3
	
August	17,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.118
	
One	Hundred-and-Ninth	Supplemental	Indenture,
dated	as	of	August	17,	2015,	by	and	between
SolarCity	and	the	Trustee,	related	to	SolarCity’s
3.60%	Solar	Bonds,	Series	2015/C85-5.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.4
	
August	17,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.119
	
One	Hundred-and-Tenth	Supplemental	Indenture,
dated	as	of	August	17,	2015,	by	and	between
SolarCity	and	the	Trustee,	related	to	SolarCity’s
4.70%	Solar	Bonds,	Series	2015/C86-10.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.5
	
August	17,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.120
	
One	Hundred-and-Eleventh	Supplemental
Indenture,	dated	as	of	August	17,	2015,	by	and
between	SolarCity	and	the	Trustee,	related	to
SolarCity’s	5.45%	Solar	Bonds,	Series	2015/C87-
15.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.6
	
August	17,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.121
	
One	Hundred-and-Thirteenth	Supplemental
Indenture,	dated	as	of	August	24,	2015,	by	and
between	SolarCity	and	the	Trustee,	related	to
SolarCity’s	2.65%	Solar	Bonds,	Series	2015/C89-
3.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.3
	
August	24,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.122
	
One	Hundred-and-Fourteenth	Supplemental
Indenture,	dated	as	of	August	24,	2015,	by	and
between	SolarCity	and	the	Trustee,	related	to
SolarCity’s	3.60%	Solar	Bonds,	Series	2015/C90-
5.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.4
	
August	24,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.123
	
One	Hundred-and-Fifteenth	Supplemental
Indenture,	dated	as	of	August	24,	2015,	by	and
between	SolarCity	and	the	Trustee,	related	to
SolarCity’s	4.70%	Solar	Bonds,	Series	2015/C91-
10.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.5
	
August	24,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.124
	
One	Hundred-and-Sixteenth	Supplemental
Indenture,	dated	as	of	August	24,	2015,	by	and
between	SolarCity	and	the	Trustee,	related	to
SolarCity’s	5.45%	Solar	Bonds,	Series	2015/C92-
15.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.6
	
August	24,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
135	
Exhibit
	
	
	
Incorporated	by	Reference
	
Filed
Number
	
Exhibit	Description
	
Form
	
File	No.
	
Exhibit
	
Filing	Date
	
Herewith
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.125
	
One	Hundred-and-Eighteenth	Supplemental
Indenture,	dated	as	of	August	31,	2015,	by	and
between	SolarCity	and	the	Trustee,	related	to
SolarCity’s	2.65%	Solar	Bonds,	Series	2015/C94-
3.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.3
	
August	31,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.126
	
One	Hundred-and-Nineteenth	Supplemental
Indenture,	dated	as	of	August	31,	2015,	by	and
between	SolarCity	and	the	Trustee,	related	to
SolarCity’s	3.60%	Solar	Bonds,	Series	2015/C95-
5.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.4
	
August	31,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.127
	
One	Hundred-and-Twentieth	Supplemental
Indenture,	dated	as	of	August	31,	2015,	by	and
between	SolarCity	and	the	Trustee,	related	to
SolarCity’s	4.70%	Solar	Bonds,	Series	2015/C96-
10.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.5
	
August	31,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.128
	
One	Hundred-and-Twenty-First	Supplemental
Indenture,	dated	as	of	August	31,	2015,	by	and
between	SolarCity	and	the	Trustee,	related	to
SolarCity’s	5.45%	Solar	Bonds,	Series	2015/C97-
15.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.6
	
August	31,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.129
	
One	Hundred-and-Twenty-Second	Supplemental
Indenture,	dated	as	of	September	11,	2015,	by
and	between	SolarCity	and	the	Trustee,	related
to	SolarCity’s	Solar	Bonds,	Series	2015/R1.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.2
	
September	11,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.130
	
One	Hundred-and-Twenty-Third	Supplemental
Indenture,	dated	as	of	September	11,	2015,	by
and	between	SolarCity	and	the	Trustee,	related
to	SolarCity’s	Solar	Bonds,	Series	2015/R2.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.3
	
September	11,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.131
	
One	Hundred-and-Twenty-Fourth	Supplemental
Indenture,	dated	as	of	September	11,	2015,	by
and	between	SolarCity	and	the	Trustee,	related
to	SolarCity’s	Solar	Bonds,	Series	2015/R3.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.4
	
September	11,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.132
	
One	Hundred-and-Twenty-Sixth	Supplemental
Indenture,	dated	as	of	September	14,	2015,	by
and	between	SolarCity	and	the	Trustee,	related
to	SolarCity’s	2.65%	Solar	Bonds,	Series
2015/C99-3.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.3
	
September	15,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
136	
Exhibit
	
	
	
Incorporated	by	Reference
	
Filed
Number
	
Exhibit	Description
	
Form
	
File	No.
	
Exhibit
	
Filing	Date
	
Herewith
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.133
	
One	Hundred-and-Twenty-Seventh	Supplemental
Indenture,	dated	as	of	September	14,	2015,	by
and	between	SolarCity	and	the	Trustee,	related
to	SolarCity’s	3.60%	Solar	Bonds,	Series
2015/C100-5.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.4
	
September	15,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.134
	
One	Hundred-and-Twenty-Eighth	Supplemental
Indenture,	dated	as	of	September	14,	2015,	by
and	between	SolarCity	and	the	Trustee,	related
to	SolarCity’s	4.70%	Solar	Bonds,	Series
2015/C101-10.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.5
	
September	15,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.135
	
One	Hundred-and-Twenty-Ninth	Supplemental
Indenture,	dated	as	of	September	14,	2015,	by
and	between	SolarCity	and	the	Trustee,	related
to	SolarCity’s	5.45%	Solar	Bonds,	Series
2015/C102-15.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.6
	
September	15,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.136
	
One	Hundred-and-Thirty-First	Supplemental
Indenture,	dated	as	of	September	28,	2015,	by
and	between	SolarCity	and	the	Trustee,	related
to	SolarCity’s	2.65%	Solar	Bonds,	Series
2015/C104-3.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.3
	
September	29,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.137
	
One	Hundred-and-Thirty-Second	Supplemental
Indenture,	dated	as	of	September	28,	2015,	by
and	between	SolarCity	and	the	Trustee,	related
to	SolarCity’s	3.60%	Solar	Bonds,	Series
2015/C105-5.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.4
	
September	29,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.138
	
One	Hundred-and-Thirty-Third	Supplemental
Indenture,	dated	as	of	September	28,	2015,	by
and	between	SolarCity	and	the	Trustee,	related
to	SolarCity’s	4.70%	Solar	Bonds,	Series
2015/C106-10.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.5
	
September	29,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.139
	
One	Hundred-and-Thirty-Fourth	Supplemental
Indenture,	dated	as	of	September	28,	2015,	by
and	between	SolarCity	and	the	Trustee,	related
to	SolarCity’s	5.45%	Solar	Bonds,	Series
2015/C107-15.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.6
	
September	29,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.140
	
One	Hundred-and-Thirty-Sixth	Supplemental
Indenture,	dated	as	of	October	13,	2015,	by	and
between	SolarCity	and	the	Trustee,	related	to
SolarCity’s	2.65%	Solar	Bonds,	Series
2015/C109-3.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.3
	
October	13,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
137	
Exhibit
	
	
	
Incorporated	by	Reference
	
Filed
Number
	
Exhibit	Description
	
Form
	
File	No.
	
Exhibit
	
Filing	Date
	
Herewith
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.141
	
One	Hundred-and-Thirty-Seventh	Supplemental
Indenture,	dated	as	of	October	13,	2015,	by	and
between	SolarCity	and	the	Trustee,	related	to
SolarCity’s	3.60%	Solar	Bonds,	Series
2015/C110-5.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.4
	
October	13,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.142
	
One	Hundred-and-Thirty-Eighth	Supplemental
Indenture,	dated	as	of	October	13,	2015,	by	and
between	SolarCity	and	the	Trustee,	related	to
SolarCity’s	4.70%	Solar	Bonds,	Series
2015/C111-10.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.5
	
October	13,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.143
	
One	Hundred-and-Thirty-Ninth	Supplemental
Indenture,	dated	as	of	October	13,	2015,	by	and
between	SolarCity	and	the	Trustee,	related	to
SolarCity’s	5.45%	Solar	Bonds,	Series
2015/C112-15.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.6
	
October	13,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.144
	
One	Hundred-and-Forty-First	Supplemental
Indenture,	dated	as	of	October	30,	2015,	by	and
between	SolarCity	and	the	Trustee,	related	to
SolarCity’s	3.00%	Solar	Bonds,	Series	2015/23-3.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.3
	
October	30,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.145
	
One	Hundred-and-Forty-Second	Supplemental
Indenture,	dated	as	of	October	30,	2015,	by	and
between	SolarCity	and	the	Trustee,	related	to
SolarCity’s	4.00%	Solar	Bonds,	Series	2015/24-5.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.4
	
October	30,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.146
	
One	Hundred-and-Forty-Third	Supplemental
Indenture,	dated	as	of	October	30,	2015,	by	and
between	SolarCity	and	the	Trustee,	related	to
SolarCity’s	5.00%	Solar	Bonds,	Series	2015/25-
10.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.5
	
October	30,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.147
	
One	Hundred-and-Forty-Fourth	Supplemental
Indenture,	dated	as	of	October	30,	2015,	by	and
between	SolarCity	and	the	Trustee,	related	to
SolarCity’s	5.75%	Solar	Bonds,	Series	2015/26-
15.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.6
	
October	30,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.148
	
One	Hundred-and-Forty-Sixth	Supplemental
Indenture,	dated	as	of	November	4,	2015,	by	and
between	SolarCity	and	the	Trustee,	related	to
SolarCity’s	2.65%	Solar	Bonds,	Series
2015/C114-3.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.3
	
November	4,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
138	
Exhibit
	
	
	
Incorporated	by	Reference
	
Filed
Number
	
Exhibit	Description
	
Form
	
File	No.
	
Exhibit
	
Filing	Date
	
Herewith
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.149
	
One	Hundred-and-Forty-Seventh	Supplemental
Indenture,	dated	as	of	November	4,	2015,	by	and
between	SolarCity	and	the	Trustee,	related	to
SolarCity’s	3.60%	Solar	Bonds,	Series
2015/C115-5.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.4
	
November	4,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.150
	
One	Hundred-and-Forty-Eighth	Supplemental
Indenture,	dated	as	of	November	4,	2015,	by	and
between	SolarCity	and	the	Trustee,	related	to
SolarCity’s	4.70%	Solar	Bonds,	Series
2015/C116-10.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.5
	
November	4,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.151
	
One	Hundred-and-Forty-Ninth	Supplemental
Indenture,	dated	as	of	November	4,	2015,	by	and
between	SolarCity	and	the	Trustee,	related	to
SolarCity’s	5.45%	Solar	Bonds,	Series
2015/C117-15.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.6
	
November	4,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.152
	
One	Hundred-and-Fifty-First	Supplemental
Indenture,	dated	as	of	November	16,	2015,	by
and	between	SolarCity	and	the	Trustee,	related
to	SolarCity’s	2.65%	Solar	Bonds,	Series
2015/C119-3.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.3
	
November	17,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.153
	
One	Hundred-and-Fifty-Second	Supplemental
Indenture,	dated	as	of	November	16,	2015,	by
and	between	SolarCity	and	the	Trustee,	related
to	SolarCity’s	3.60%	Solar	Bonds,	Series
2015/C120-5.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.4
	
November	17,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.154
	
One	Hundred-and-Fifty-Third	Supplemental
Indenture,	dated	as	of	November	16,	2015,	by
and	between	SolarCity	and	the	Trustee,	related
to	SolarCity’s	4.70%	Solar	Bonds,	Series
2015/C121-10.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.5
	
November	17,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.155
	
One	Hundred-and-Fifty-Fourth	Supplemental
Indenture,	dated	as	of	November	16,	2015,	by
and	between	SolarCity	and	the	Trustee,	related
to	SolarCity’s	5.45%	Solar	Bonds,	Series
2015/C122-15.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.6
	
November	17,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.156
	
One	Hundred-and-Fifty-Sixth	Supplemental
Indenture,	dated	as	of	November	30,	2015,	by
and	between	SolarCity	and	the	Trustee,	related
to	SolarCity’s	2.65%	Solar	Bonds,	Series
2015/C124-3.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.3
	
November	30,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
139	
Exhibit
	
	
	
Incorporated	by	Reference
	
Filed
Number
	
Exhibit	Description
	
Form
	
File	No.
	
Exhibit
	
Filing	Date
	
Herewith
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.157
	
One	Hundred-and-Fifty-Seventh	Supplemental
Indenture,	dated	as	of	November	30,	2015,	by
and	between	SolarCity	and	the	Trustee,	related
to	SolarCity’s	3.60%	Solar	Bonds,	Series
2015/C125-5.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.4
	
November	30,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.158
	
One	Hundred-and-Fifty-Eighth	Supplemental
Indenture,	dated	as	of	November	30,	2015,	by
and	between	SolarCity	and	the	Trustee,	related
to	SolarCity’s	4.70%	Solar	Bonds,	Series
2015/C126-10.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.5
	
November	30,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.159
	
One	Hundred-and-Fifty-Ninth	Supplemental
Indenture,	dated	as	of	November	30,	2015,	by
and	between	SolarCity	and	the	Trustee,	related
to	SolarCity’s	5.45%	Solar	Bonds,	Series
2015/C127-15.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.6
	
November	30,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.160
	
One	Hundred-and-Sixty-First	Supplemental
Indenture,	dated	as	of	December	14,	2015,	by
and	between	SolarCity	and	the	Trustee,	related
to	SolarCity’s	2.65%	Solar	Bonds,	Series
2015/C129-3.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.3
	
December	14,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.161
	
One	Hundred-and-Sixty-Second	Supplemental
Indenture,	dated	as	of	December	14,	2015,	by
and	between	SolarCity	and	the	Trustee,	related
to	SolarCity’s	3.60%	Solar	Bonds,	Series
2015/C130-5.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.4
	
December	14,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.162
	
One	Hundred-and-Sixty-Third	Supplemental
Indenture,	dated	as	of	December	14,	2015,	by
and	between	SolarCity	and	the	Trustee,	related
to	SolarCity’s	4.70%	Solar	Bonds,	Series
2015/C131-10.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.5
	
December	14,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.163
	
One	Hundred-and-Sixty-Fourth	Supplemental
Indenture,	dated	as	of	December	14,	2015,	by
and	between	SolarCity	and	the	Trustee,	related
to	SolarCity’s	5.45%	Solar	Bonds,	Series
2015/C132-15.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.6
	
December	14,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.164
	
One	Hundred-and-Sixty-Sixth	Supplemental
Indenture,	dated	as	of	December	28,	2015,	by
and	between	SolarCity	and	the	Trustee,	related
to	SolarCity’s	2.65%	Solar	Bonds,	Series
2015/C134-3.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.3
	
December	28,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
140	
Exhibit
	
	
	
Incorporated	by	Reference
	
Filed
Number
	
Exhibit	Description
	
Form
	
File	No.
	
Exhibit
	
Filing	Date
	
Herewith
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.165
	
One	Hundred-and-Sixty-Seventh	Supplemental
Indenture,	dated	as	of	December	28,	2015,	by
and	between	SolarCity	and	the	Trustee,	related
to	SolarCity’s	3.60%	Solar	Bonds,	Series
2015/C135-5.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.4
	
December	28,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.166
	
One	Hundred-and-Sixty-Eighth	Supplemental
Indenture,	dated	as	of	December	28,	2015,	by
and	between	SolarCity	and	the	Trustee,	related
to	SolarCity’s	4.70%	Solar	Bonds,	Series
2015/C136-10.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.5
	
December	28,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.167
	
One	Hundred-and-Sixty-Ninth	Supplemental
Indenture,	dated	as	of	December	28,	2015,	by
and	between	SolarCity	and	the	Trustee,	related
to	SolarCity’s	5.45%	Solar	Bonds,	Series
2015/C137-15.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.6
	
December	28,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.168
	
One	Hundred-and-Seventy-First	Supplemental
Indenture,	dated	as	of	January	29,	2016,	by	and
between	SolarCity	and	the	Trustee,	related	to
SolarCity’s	3.00%	Solar	Bonds,	Series	2016/2-3.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.3
	
January	29,	2016
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.169
	
One	Hundred-and-Seventy-Second	Supplemental
Indenture,	dated	as	of	January	29,	2016,	by	and
between	SolarCity	and	the	Trustee,	related	to
SolarCity’s	4.00%	Solar	Bonds,	Series	2016/3-5.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.4
	
January	29,	2016
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.170
	
One	Hundred-and-Seventy-Third	Supplemental
Indenture,	dated	as	of	January	29,	2016,	by	and
between	SolarCity	and	the	Trustee,	related	to
SolarCity’s	5.00%	Solar	Bonds,	Series	2016/4-10.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.5
	
January	29,	2016
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.171
	
One	Hundred-and-Seventy-Fourth	Supplemental
Indenture,	dated	as	of	January	29,	2016,	by	and
between	SolarCity	and	the	Trustee,	related	to
SolarCity’s	5.75%	Solar	Bonds,	Series	2016/5-15.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.6
	
January	29,	2016
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.172
	
One	Hundred-and-Seventy-Sixth	Supplemental
Indenture,	dated	as	of	February	26,	2016,	by	and
between	SolarCity	and	the	Trustee,	related	to
SolarCity’s	4.50%	Solar	Bonds,	Series	2016/7-3.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.3
	
February	26,	2016
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
141	
Exhibit
	
	
	
Incorporated	by	Reference
	
Filed
Number
	
Exhibit	Description
	
Form
	
File	No.
	
Exhibit
	
Filing	Date
	
Herewith
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.173
	
One	Hundred-and-Seventy-Seventh	Supplemental
Indenture,	dated	as	of	February	26,	2016,	by	and
between	SolarCity	and	the	Trustee,	related	to
SolarCity’s	5.25%	Solar	Bonds,	Series	2016/8-5.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.4
	
February	26,	2016
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.174
	
One	Hundred-and-Seventy-Eighth	Supplemental
Indenture,	dated	as	of	March	21,	2016,	by	and
between	SolarCity	and	the	Trustee,	related	to
SolarCity’s	4.40%	Solar	Bonds,	Series	2016/9-1.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.2
	
March	21,	2016
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.175
	
One	Hundred-and-Seventy-Ninth	Supplemental
Indenture,	dated	as	of	March	21,	2016,	by	and
between	SolarCity	and	the	Trustee,	related	to
SolarCity’s	5.25%	Solar	Bonds,	Series	2016/10-5.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.3
	
March	21,	2016
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.176
	
One	Hundred-and-Eightieth	Supplemental
Indenture,	dated	as	of	June	10,	2016,	by	and
between	SolarCity	and	the	Trustee,	related	to
SolarCity’s	4.40%	Solar	Bonds,	Series	2016/11-1.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.2
	
June	10,	2016
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.177
	
One	Hundred-and-Eighty-First	Supplemental
Indenture,	dated	as	of	June	10,	2016,	by	and
between	SolarCity	and	the	Trustee,	related	to
SolarCity’s	5.25%	Solar	Bonds,	Series	2016/12-5.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.3
	
June	10,	2016
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.178
	
One	Hundred-and-Eighty-Second	Supplemental
Indenture,	dated	as	of	August	17,	2016,	by	and
between	SolarCity	and	the	Trustee,	related	to
SolarCity’s	6.50%	Solar	Bonds,	Series	2016/13-
18M.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.2
	
August	17,	2016
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		10.1**
		
Form	of	Indemnification	Agreement	between	the
Registrant	and	its	directors	and	officers.
		
S-1/A
		
333-164593
		
10.1
		
June	15,	2010
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		10.2**
		
2003	Equity	Incentive	Plan.
		
S-1/A
		
333-164593
		
10.2
		
May	27,	2010
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		10.3**
		
Form	of	Stock	Option	Agreement	under	2003
Equity	Incentive	Plan.
		
S-1
		
333-164593
		
10.3
		
January	29,	2010
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		10.4**
		
Amended	and	Restated	2010	Equity	Incentive
Plan.
		
—
	
—
	
—
	
—
	
X
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		10.5**
		
Form	of	Stock	Option	Agreement	under	2010
Equity	Incentive	Plan.
		
10-K
		
001-34756
		
10.6
		
March	1,	2017
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
142	
Exhibit
	
	
	
Incorporated	by	Reference
	
Filed
Number
	
Exhibit	Description
	
Form
	
File	No.
	
Exhibit
	
Filing	Date
	
Herewith
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		10.6**
		
Form	of	Restricted	Stock	Unit	Award	Agreement
under	2010	Equity	Incentive	Plan.
		
10-K
		
001-34756
		
10.7
		
March	1,	2017
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		10.7**
		
Amended	and	Restated	2010	Employee	Stock
Purchase	Plan,	effective	as	of	February	1,	2017.
	
10-K
		
001-34756
		
10.8
		
March	1,	2017
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		10.8**
	
2007	SolarCity	Stock	Plan	and	form	of
agreements	used	thereunder.
	
S-1(1)
	
333-184317
	
10.2
	
October	5,	2012
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		10.9**
	
2012	SolarCity	Equity	Incentive	Plan	and	form	of
agreements	used	thereunder.
	
S-1(1)
	
333-184317
	
10.3
	
October	5,	2012
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		10.10**
	
2010	Zep	Solar,	Inc.	Equity	Incentive	Plan	and
form	of	agreements	used	thereunder.
	
S-8(1)
	
333-192996
	
4.5
	
December	20,	2013
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		10.11**
		
Offer	Letter	between	the	Registrant	and	Elon
Musk	dated	October	13,	2008.
		
S-1
		
333-164593
		
10.9
		
January	29,	2010
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		10.12**
	
Performance	Stock	Option	Agreement	between
the	Registrant	and	Elon	Musk	dated	January	21,
2018.
	
DEF	14A
	
001-34756
	
Appendix	A
	
February	8,	2018
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		10.13**
		
Offer	Letter	between	the	Registrant	and	Jeffrey
B.	Straubel	dated	May	6,	2004.
		
S-1
		
333-164593
		
10.12
		
January	29,	2010
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		10.14**
		
Offer	Letter	between	the	Registrant	and	Deepak
Ahuja	dated	February	21,	2017.
		
10-Q
		
001-34756
		
10.7
		
May	10,	2017
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		10.15**
	
Incentive	Compensation	Plan	for	July	1,	2017–
December	31,	2017,	for	Jon	McNeill.
	
10-Q
		
001-34756
		
10.7
		
November	3,	2017
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		10.16
		
Form	of	Call	Option	Confirmation	relating	to
1.50%	Convertible	Senior	Note	Due	June	1,	2018.
		
8-K
		
001-34756
		
10.1
		
May	22,	2013
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		10.17
		
Form	of	Warrant	Confirmation	relating	to	1.50%
Convertible	Senior	Note	Due	June	1,	2018.
		
8-K
		
001-34756
		
10.2
		
May	22,	2013
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		10.18
	
Indemnification	Agreement,	dated	as	of	February
27,	2014,	by	and	between	the	Registrant	and	J.P.
Morgan	Securities	LLC.
	
8-K
	
001-34756
	
10.1
	
March	5,	2014
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		10.19
	
Form	of	Call	Option	Confirmation	relating	to
0.25%	Convertible	Senior	Notes	Due	March	1,
2019.
	
8-K
	
001-34756
	
10.2
	
March	5,	2014
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
143	
Exhibit
	
	
	
Incorporated	by	Reference
	
Filed
Number
	
Exhibit	Description
	
Form
	
File	No.
	
Exhibit
	
Filing	Date
	
Herewith
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		10.20
	
Form	of	Call	Option	Confirmation	relating	to
1.25%	Convertible	Senior	Notes	Due	March	1,
2021.
	
8-K
	
001-34756
	
10.3
	
March	5,	2014
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		10.21
	
Form	of	Warrant	Confirmation	relating	to	0.25%
Convertible	Senior	Notes	Due	March	1,	2019.
	
8-K
	
001-34756
	
10.4
	
March	5,	2014
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		10.22
	
Form	of	Warrant	Confirmation	relating	to	1.25%
Convertible	Senior	Notes	Due	March	1,	2021.
	
8-K
	
001-34756
	
10.5
	
March	5,	2014
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		10.23
	
Form	of	Call	Option	Confirmation	relating	to
2.375%	Convertible	Notes	due	March	15,	2022
.
	
8-K
	
001-34756
	
10.1
	
March	22,	2017
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		10.24
	
Form	of	Warrant	Confirmation	relating	to	2.375%
Convertible	Notes	due	March	15,	2022.
	
8-K
	
001-34756
	
10.2
	
March	22,	2017
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		10.25†
		
Supply	Agreement	between	Panasonic
Corporation	and	the	Registrant	dated	October	5,
2011.
		
10-K
		
-001-34756
		
10.50
		
February	27,	2012
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		10.26†
		
Amendment	No.	1	to	Supply	Agreement	between
Panasonic	Corporation	and	the	Registrant	dated
October	29,	2013.
		
10-K
		
001-34756
		
10.35A
		
February	26,	2014
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		10.27
	
Agreement	between	Panasonic	Corporation	and	the
Registrant	dated	July	31,	2014.
	
10-Q
	
001-34756
	
10.1
	
November	7,	2014
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		10.28†
	
General	Terms	and	Conditions	between
Panasonic	Corporation	and	the	Registrant	dated
October	1,	2014.
	
8-K
	
001-34756
	
10.2
	
October	11,	2016
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		10.29
	
Letter	Agreement,	dated	as	of	February	24,	2015,
regarding	addition	of	co-party	to	General	Terms
and	Conditions,	Production	Pricing	Agreement
and	Investment	Letter	Agreement	between
Panasonic	Corporation	and	the	Registrant.
	
10-K
	
001-34756
	
10.25A
	
February	24,	2016
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		10.30†
	
Amendment	to	Gigafactory	General	Terms,	dated
March	1,	2016,	by	and	among	the	Registrant,
Panasonic	Corporation	and	Panasonic	Energy
Corporation	of	North	America.
	
8-K
	
001-34756
	
10.1
	
October	11,	2016
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		10.31†
	
Production	Pricing	Agreement	between
Panasonic	Corporation	and	the	Registrant	dated
October	1,	2014.
	
10-Q
	
001-34756
	
10.3
	
November	7,	2014
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		10.32†
	
Investment	Letter	Agreement	between	Panasonic
Corporation	and	the	Registrant	dated	October	1,
2014.
	
10-Q
	
001-34756
	
10.4
	
November	7,	2014
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
144	
Exhibit
	
	
	
Incorporated	by	Reference
	
Filed
Number
	
Exhibit	Description
	
Form
	
File	No.
	
Exhibit
	
Filing	Date
	
Herewith
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		10.33
	
Amendment	to	Gigafactory	Documents,	dated
April	5,	2016,	by	and	among	the	Registrant,
Panasonic	Corporation,	Panasonic	Corporation	of
North	America	and	Panasonic	Energy
Corporation	of	North	America.
	
10-Q
	
001-34756
	
10.2
	
May	10,	2016
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		10.34
	
ABL	Credit	Agreement,	dated	as	of	June	10,
2015,	by	and	among	the	Registrant,	Tesla	Motors
Netherlands	B.V.,	certain	of	the	Registrant’s	and
Tesla	Motors	Netherlands	B.V.’s	direct	or
indirect	subsidiaries	from	time	to	time	party
thereto,	as	borrowers,	Wells	Fargo	Bank,
National	Association,	as	documentation	agent,
JPMorgan	Chase	Bank,	N.A.,	Goldman	Sachs
Bank	USA,	Morgan	Stanley	Senior	Funding	Inc.
and	Bank	of	America,	N.A.,	as	syndication	agents,
the	lenders	from	time	to	time	party	thereto,	and
Deutsche	Bank	AG	New	York	Branch,	as
administrative	agent	and	collateral	agent.
	
8-K
	
001-34756
	
10.1
	
June	12,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		10.35
	
First	Amendment,	dated	as	of	November	3,	2015,
to	ABL	Credit	Agreement,	dated	as	of	June	10,
2015,	by	and	among	the	Registrant,	Tesla	Motors
Netherlands	B.V.,	certain	of	the	Registrant’s	and
Tesla	Motors	Netherlands	B.V.’s	direct	or
indirect	subsidiaries	from	time	to	time	party
thereto,	as	borrowers,	and	the	documentation
agent,	syndication	agents,	administrative	agent,
collateral	agent	and	lenders	from	time	to	time
party	thereto.
	
10-Q
	
001-34756
	
10.1
	
November	5,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		10.36
	
Second	Amendment,	dated	as	of	December	31,
2015,	to	ABL	Credit	Agreement,	dated	as	of	June
10,	2015,	by	and	among	the	Registrant,	Tesla
Motors	Netherlands	B.V.,	certain	of	the
Registrant’s	and	Tesla	Motors	Netherlands	B.V.’s
direct	or	indirect	subsidiaries	from	time	to	time
party	thereto,	as	borrowers,	and	the
documentation	agent,	syndication	agents,
administrative	agent,	collateral	agent	and
lenders	from	time	to	time	party	thereto.
	
10-K
	
001-34756
	
10.28B
	
February	24,	2016
	
	
	
145	
Exhibit
	
	
	
Incorporated	by	Reference
	
Filed
Number
	
Exhibit	Description
	
Form
	
File	No.
	
Exhibit
	
Filing	Date
	
Herewith
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		10.37
	
Third	Amendment,	dated	as	of	February	9,	2016,
to	ABL	Credit	Agreement,	dated	as	of	June	10,
2015,	by	and	among	the	Registrant,	Tesla	Motors
Netherlands	B.V.,	certain	of	the	Registrant’s	and
Tesla	Motors	Netherlands	B.V.’s	direct	or
indirect	subsidiaries	from	time	to	time	party
thereto,	as	borrowers,	and	the	documentation
agent,	syndication	agents,	administrative	agent,
collateral	agent	and	lenders	from	time	to	time
party	thereto.
	
10-K
	
001-34756
	
10.28C
	
February	24,	2016
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		10.38
	
Fourth	Amendment	to	Credit	Agreement,	dated
as	of	July	31,	2016,	by	and	among	the	Registrant,
Tesla	Motors	Netherlands	B.V.,	the	lenders	party
thereto	and	Deutsche	Bank	AG	New	York	Branch,
as	administrative	agent	and	collateral	agent.
	
8-K
	
001-34756
	
10.1
	
August	1,	2016
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		10.39
	
Fifth	Amendment	to	Credit	Agreement,	dated	as
of	December	15,	2016,	among	the	Registrant,
Tesla	Motors	Netherlands	B.V.,	the	lenders	party
thereto	and	Deutsche	Bank	AG,	New	York
Branch,	as	administrative	agent	and	collateral
agent.
	
8-K
	
001-34756
	
10.1
	
December	20,	2016
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		10.40
	
Sixth	Amendment	to	Credit	Agreement,	dated	as
of	June	19,	2017,	among	the	Registrant,	Tesla
Motors	Netherlands	B.V.,	the	lenders	party
thereto	and	Deutsche	Bank	AG,	New	York
Branch,	as	administrative	agent	and	collateral
agent
.
	
10-Q
	
001-34756
	
10.1
	
August	4,	2017
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		10.41
	
Seventh	Amendment	to	the	ABL	Credit
Agreement,	dated	as	of	August	11,	2017,	by	and
among	the	Registrant,	Tesla	Motors	Netherlands
B.V.,	Deutsche	Bank	AG	New	York	Branch,	as
administrative	agent	and	collateral	agent,	and
the	other	agents	party	thereto.
	
8-K
	
001-34756
	
10.2
	
August	23,	2017
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		10.42†
	
Agreement	for	Tax	Abatement	and	Incentives,
dated	as	of	May	7,	2015,	by	and	between	Tesla
Motors,	Inc.	and	the	State	of	Nevada,	acting	by
and	through	the	Nevada	Governor’s	Office	of
Economic	Development.
	
10-Q
	
001-34756
	
10.1
	
August	7,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
146	
Exhibit
	
	
	
Incorporated	by	Reference
	
Filed
Number
	
Exhibit	Description
	
Form
	
File	No.
	
Exhibit
	
Filing	Date
	
Herewith
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		10.43†
	
Amended	and	Restated	Loan	and	Security
Agreement,	dated	as	of	August	17,	2017,	by	and
among	Tesla	2014	Warehouse	SPV	LLC,	Tesla
Finance	LLC,	the	Lenders	and	Group	Agents	from
time	to	time	party	thereto,	and	Deutsche	Bank
AG,	New	York	Branch,	as	Administrative	Agent.
	
10-Q
	
001-34756
	
10.3
	
November	3,	2017
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		10.44†
	
Amendment	No.	1	to	Amended	and	Restated
Loan	and	Security	Agreement,	dated	as	of
October	18,	2017,	by	and	among	Tesla	2014
Warehouse	SPV	LLC,	Tesla	Finance	LLC,	the
Lenders	and	Group	Agents	from	time	to	time
party	thereto,	Deutsche	Bank	AG,	New	York
Branch,	as	Administrative	Agent,	and	Deutsche
Bank	Trust	Company	Americas,	as	Paying	Agent.
	
—		
		
—		
		
—		
		
—		
		
X
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		10.45†
	
Loan	and	Security	Agreement,	dated	as	of	August
17,	2017,	by	and	among	LML	Warehouse	SPV,
LLC,	Tesla	Finance	LLC,	the	Lenders	and	Group
Agents	from	time	to	time	party	thereto,	and
Deutsche	Bank	AG,	New	York	Branch,	as
Administrative	Agent.
	
10-Q
	
001-34756
	
10.4
	
November	3,	2017
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		10.46†
	
Amendment	No.	1	to	Loan	and	Security
Agreement,	dated	as	of	October	18,	2017,	by	and
among	LML	Warehouse	SPV,	LLC,	Tesla	Finance
LLC,	the	Lenders	and	Group	Agents	from	time	to
time	party	thereto,	Deutsche	Bank	AG,	New	York
Branch,	as	Administrative	Agent,	and	Deutsche
Bank	Trust	Company	Americas,	as	Paying	Agent.
	
—		
		
—		
		
—		
		
—		
		
X
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		10.47
	
Purchase	Agreement,	dated	as	of	August	11,
2017,	by	and	among	the	Registrant,	SolarCity
and	Goldman	Sachs	&	Co.	LLC	and	Morgan
Stanley	&	Co.	LLC	as	representatives	of	the
several	initial	purchasers	named	therein.
	
8-K
	
001-34756
	
10.1
	
August	23,	2017
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
147	
Exhibit
	
	
	
Incorporated	by	Reference
	
Filed
Number
	
Exhibit	Description
	
Form
	
File	No.
	
Exhibit
	
Filing	Date
	
Herewith
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		10.48
	
Amended	and	Restated	Agreement	For	Research
&	Development	Alliance	on	Triex	Module
Technology,	effective	as	of	September	2,	2014,	by
and	between	The	Research	Foundation	For	The
State	University	of	New	York,	on	behalf	of	the
College	of	Nanoscale	Science	and	Engineering	of
the	State	University	of	New	York,	and	Silevo,	Inc.
	
10-Q(1)
	
001-35758
	
10.16
	
November	6,	2014
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		10.49
	
First	Amendment	to	Amended	and	Restated
Agreement	For	Research	&	Development	Alliance
on	Triex	Module	Technology,	effective	as	of
October	31,	2014,	by	and	between	The	Research
Foundation	For	The	State	University	of	New
York,	on	behalf	of	the	College	of	Nanoscale
Science	and	Engineering	of	the	State	University
of	New	York,	and	Silevo,	Inc.
	
10-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
10.16a
	
February	24,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		10.50
	
Second	Amendment	to	Amended	and	Restated
Agreement	For	Research	&	Development	Alliance
on	Triex	Module	Technology,	effective	as	of
December	15,	2014,	by	and	between	The
Research	Foundation	For	The	State	University	of
New	York,	on	behalf	of	the	College	of	Nanoscale
Science	and	Engineering	of	the	State	University
of	New	York,	and	Silevo,	Inc.
	
10-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
10.16b
	
February	24,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		10.51
	
Third	Amendment	to	Amended	and	Restated
Agreement	For	Research	&	Development	Alliance
on	Triex	Module	Technology,	effective	as	of
February	12,	2015,	by	and	between	The	Research
Foundation	For	The	State	University	of	New
York,	on	behalf	of	the	College	of	Nanoscale
Science	and	Engineering	of	the	State	University
of	New	York,	and	Silevo,	Inc.
	
10-Q(1)
	
001-35758
	
10.16c
	
May	6,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
148	
Exhibit
	
	
	
Incorporated	by	Reference
	
Filed
Number
	
Exhibit	Description
	
Form
	
File	No.
	
Exhibit
	
Filing	Date
	
Herewith
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		10.52
	
Fourth	Amendment	to	Amended	and	Restated
Agreement	For	Research	&	Development	Alliance
on	Triex	Module	Technology,	effective	as	of
March	30,	2015,	by	and	between	The	Research
Foundation	For	The	State	University	of	New
York,	on	behalf	of	the	College	of	Nanoscale
Science	and	Engineering	of	the	State	University
of	New	York,	and	Silevo,	Inc.
	
10-Q(1)
	
001-35758
	
10.16d
	
May	6,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		10.53
	
Fifth	Amendment	to	Amended	and	Restated
Agreement	For	Research	&	Development	Alliance
on	Triex	Module	Technology,	effective	as	of
June	30,	2015,	by	and	between	The	Research
Foundation	For	The	State	University	of	New
York,	on	behalf	of	the	College	of	Nanoscale
Science	and	Engineering	of	the	State	University
of	New	York,	and	Silevo,	LLC.
	
10-Q(1)
	
001-35758
	
10.16e
	
July	30,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		10.54
	
Sixth	Amendment	to	Amended	and	Restated
Agreement	For	Research	&	Development	Alliance
on	Triex	Module	Technology,	effective	as	of
September	1,	2015,	by	and	between	The
Research	Foundation	For	The	State	University	of
New	York,	on	behalf	of	the	College	of	Nanoscale
Science	and	Engineering	of	the	State	University
of	New	York,	and	Silevo,	LLC.
	
10-Q(1)
	
001-35758
	
10.16f
	
October	30,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		10.55
	
Seventh	Amendment	to	Amended	and	Restated
Agreement	For	Research	&	Development	Alliance
on	Triex	Module	Technology,	effective	as	of
October	9,	2015,	by	and	between	The	Research
Foundation	For	The	State	University	of	New
York,	on	behalf	of	the	College	of	Nanoscale
Science	and	Engineering	of	the	State	University
of	New	York,	and	Silevo,	LLC
.
	
10-Q(1)
	
001-35758
	
10.16g
	
October	30,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
149	
Exhibit
	
	
	
Incorporated	by	Reference
	
Filed
Number
	
Exhibit	Description
	
Form
	
File	No.
	
Exhibit
	
Filing	Date
	
Herewith
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		10.56
	
Eighth	Amendment	to	Amended	and	Restated
Agreement	For	Research	&	Development	Alliance
on	Triex	Module	Technology,	effective	as	of
October	26,	2015,	by	and	between	The	Research
Foundation	For	The	State	University	of	New
York,	on	behalf	of	the	College	of	Nanoscale
Science	and	Engineering	of	the	State	University
of	New	York,	and	Silevo,	LLC.
	
10-Q(1)
	
001-35758
	
10.16h
	
October	30,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		10.57
	
Ninth	Amendment	to	Amended	and	Restated
Agreement	For	Research	&	Development	Alliance
on	Triex	Module	Technology,	effective	as	of
December	9,	2015,	by	and	between	The	Research
Foundation	For	The	State	University	of	New
York,	on	behalf	of	the	College	of	Nanoscale
Science	and	Engineering	of	the	State	University
of	New	York,	and	Silevo,	LLC.
	
10-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
10.16i
	
February	10,	2016
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		10.58
	
Tenth	Amendment	to	Amended	and	Restated
Agreement	For	Research	&	Development	Alliance
on	Triex	Module	Technology,	effective	as	of
March	31,	2017,	by	and	between	The	Research
Foundation	For	The	State	University	of	New
York,	on	behalf	of	the	Colleges	of	Nanoscale
Science	and	Engineering	of	the	State	University
of	New	York,	and	Silevo,	LLC.
	
10-Q
		
001-34756
		
10.8
		
May	10,	2017
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		12.1
		
Statement	regarding	Computation	of	Ratio	of
Earnings	to	Fixed	Charges
		
—
	
		
—
	
		
—
	
		
—
	
		
X
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		21.1
	
List	of	Subsidiaries	of	the	Registrant
	
—
	
—
	
—
	
—
	
X
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		23.1
		
Consent	of	PricewaterhouseCoopers	LLP,
Independent	Registered	Public	Accounting	Firm
		
—		
		
—		
		
—		
		
—		
		
X
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		23.2
		
Consent	of	Ernst	&	Young	LLP,	Independent
Registered	Public	Accounting	Firm
		
—		
		
—		
		
—		
		
—		
		
X
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		31.1
		
Rule	13a-14(a)	/	15(d)-14(a)	Certification	of
Principal	Executive	Officer
		
—		
		
—		
		
—		
		
—		
		
X
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		31.2
		
Rule	13a-14(a)	/	15(d)-14(a)	Certification	of
Principal	Financial	Officer
		
—		
		
—		
		
—		
		
—		
		
X
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
150	
Exhibit
	
	
	
Incorporated	by	Reference
	
Filed
Number
	
Exhibit	Description
	
Form
	
File	No.
	
Exhibit
	
Filing	Date
	
Herewith
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		32.1*
		
Section	1350	Certifications
		
—
		
—
		
—
		
—
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	99.1
	
Certain	Excerpts	from	Annual	Report	on	Form
10-K	of	SolarCity
	
10-K
		
001-34756
		
99.1
		
March	1,	2017
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
101.INS
		
XBRL	Instance	Document
		
	
		
	
		
	
		
	
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
101.SCH
		
XBRL	Taxonomy	Extension	Schema	Document
		
	
		
	
		
	
		
	
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
101.CAL
		
XBRL	Taxonomy	Extension	Calculation	Linkbase
Document.
		
	
		
	
		
	
		
	
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
101.DEF
		
XBRL	Taxonomy	Extension	Definition	Linkbase
Document
		
	
		
	
		
	
		
	
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
101.LAB
		
XBRL	Taxonomy	Extension	Label	Linkbase
Document
		
	
		
	
		
	
		
	
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
101.PRE
		
XBRL	Taxonomy	Extension	Presentation	Linkbase
Document
		
	
		
	
		
	
		
	
		
	
	
*
Furnished	herewith
**
Indicates	a	management	contract	or	compensatory	plan	or	arrangement
†
Confidential	treatment	has	been	requested	for	portions	of	this	exhibit
(1)
Indicates	a	filing	of	SolarCity
ITEM	16.
SUMMARY
None
	
	
151	
S
IGNATURES
Pursuant	to	the	requirements	of	Section	13	or	15(d)	the	Securities	Exchange	Act	of	1934,	the	registrant	has	duly	caused	this	report	to	be	signed
on	its	behalf	by	the	undersigned,	thereunto	duly	authorized.
	
	
	
Tesla,	Inc.
	
	
	
Date:	February	22,	2018
	
/s/	Elon	Musk
	
	
Elon	Musk
	
	
Chief	Executive	Officer
	
	
(Principal	Executive	Officer)
	
Pursuant	to	the	requirements	of	the	Securities	Exchange	Act	of	1934,	this	report	has	been	signed	below	by	the	following	persons	on	behalf	of	the
registrant	and	in	the	capacities	and	on	the	dates	indicated.
	
Signature
		
Title
	
Date
	
	
	
	
	
/s/	Elon	Musk
		
Chief	Executive	Officer	and	Director	(Principal	Executive
Officer)
	
February	22,	2018
				Elon	Musk
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
/s/	Deepak	Ahuja
		
Chief	Financial	Officer	(Principal	Financial	Officer)
	
February	22,	2018
				Deepak	Ahuja
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
/s/	Eric	Branderiz
		
Chief	Accounting	Officer	(Principal	Accounting	Officer)
	
February	22,	2018
				Eric	Branderiz
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
/s/	Brad	W.	Buss
		
Director
	
February	22,	2018
				Brad	W.	Buss
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
/s/	Robyn	Denholm
		
Director
	
February	22,	2018
				Robyn	Denholm
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
/s/	Ira	Ehrenpreis
		
Director
	
February	22,	2018
				Ira	Ehrenpreis
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
/s/	Antonio	J.	Gracias
		
Director
	
February	22,	2018
				Antonio	J.	Gracias
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
/s/	James	Murdoch
		
Director
	
February	22,	2018
				James	Murdoch
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
/s/	Kimbal	Musk
		
Director
	
February	22,	2018
				Kimbal	Musk
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
/s/	Linda	Johnson	Rice
		
Director
	
February	22,	2018
				Linda	Johnson	Rice
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		
Director
	
	
				Stephen	T.	Jurvetson
		
	
	
	
	
	
152
	
	
Exhibit	10.4
	
TESLA,	INC.
2010	EQUITY	INCENTIVE	PLAN
(as	amended	and	restated	effective	June	12,	2012)
(as	further	amended	and	restated	effective	April	10,	2014)
(as	further	amended	and	restated	effective	March	3,	2015)
(as	further	amended	and	restated	effective	February	1,	2017)
(as	further	amended	and	restated	effective	July	13,	2017)
1.
Purposes	of	the	Plan
.		The	purposes	of	this	Plan	are:
	
•
to	attract	and	retain	the	best	available	personnel	to	ensure	the	Company’s	success	and	accomplish	the	Company’s	goals,
	
•
to	incentivize	Employees,	Directors	and	Consultants	with	long-term	equity-	based	compensation	to	align	their	interests	with	the
Company’s	stockholders,	and
	
•
to	promote	the	success	of	the	Company’s	business.
The	Plan	permits	the	grant	of	Incentive	Stock	Options,	Nonstatutory	Stock	Options,	Restricted	Stock,	Restricted	Stock	Units,	Stock
Appreciation	Rights,	Performance	Units	and	Performance	Shares.
2.
Definitions
.		As	used	herein,	the	following	definitions	will	apply:
(a)	
“
Administrator
”		means		the		Board		or		any		of		its		Committees		as		will		be	administering	the	Plan,	in	accordance	with	Section	4	of
the	Plan.
(b)	
“
Applicable	Laws
”	means	the	requirements	relating	to	the	administration	of	equity-based	awards	under	U.S.	state	corporate	laws,
U.S.	federal	and	state	securities	laws,	the	Code,	any	stock	exchange	or	quotation	system	on	which	the	Common	Stock	is	listed	or	quoted	and	the
applicable	laws	of	any	foreign	country	or	jurisdiction	where	Awards	are,	or	will	be,	granted	under	the	Plan.(c)	
“
Award
”		means,		individually		or		collectively,		a		grant		under		the		Plan		of	Options,	Stock	Appreciation	Rights,	Restricted	Stock,
Restricted	Stock	Units,	Performance	Units	or	Performance	Shares.
(d)	
“
Award	Agreement
”	means	the	written	or	electronic	agreement	setting	forth	the	terms	and	provisions	applicable	to	each	Award
granted	under	the	Plan.		The	Award	Agreement	is	subject	to	the	terms	and	conditions	of	the	Plan.
(e)	
“
Board
”	means	the	Board	of	Directors	of	the	Company.
(f)	
“
Change	in	Control
”	means	the	occurrence	of	any	of	the	following	events:
(i)	
A	change	in	the	ownership	of	the	Company	which	occurs	on	the	date	that	any	one	person,	or	more	than	one	person	acting	as
a	group	(“
Person
”),	acquires	ownership	of	the	stock	of	the	Company	that,	together	with	the	stock	held	by	such	Person,	constitutes	more	than	fifty	percent
(50%)	of	the	total	voting	power	of	the	stock	of	the	Company;	provided,	however,	that	for	purposes	of	this	subsection	(i),	the	acquisition	of	additional	stock
by	any	one	Person,	who	is	considered	to	own	more	than	fifty	percent	(50%)	of	the	total	voting	power	of	the	stock	of	the	Company	will	not	be	considered	a
Change	in	Control;	or
(ii)	
A	change	in	the	effective	control	of	the	Company	which	occurs	on	the	date	that	a	majority	of	members	of	the	Board	is
replaced	during	any	twelve	(12)	month	period	by	Directors	whose	appointment	or	election	is	not	endorsed	by	a	majority	of	the	members	of	the	Board
prior	to	the	date	of	the	appointment	or	election.		For	purposes	of	this	clause	(ii),	if	any	Person	is	considered	to	be	in	effective	control	of	the	Company,	the
acquisition	of	additional	control	of	the	Company	by	the	same	Person	will	not	be	considered	a	Change	in	Control;	or(iii)	
A	change	in	the	ownership	of	a	substantial	portion	of	the	Company’s	assets	which	occurs	on	the	date	that	any	Person
acquires	(or	has	acquired	during	the	twelve	(12)	month	period	ending	on	the	date	of	the	most	recent	acquisition	by	such	person	or	persons)	assets	from
the	Company	that	have	a	total	gross	fair	market	value	equal	to	or	more	than	fifty	percent	(50%)	of	the	total	gross	fair	market	value	of	all	of	the	assets	of
the	Company	immediately	prior	to	such	acquisition		or		acquisitions;		provided,		however,		that		for		purposes		of		this		subsection		(iii),		the	following	will
not	constitute	a	change	in	the	ownership	of	a	substantial	portion	of	the	Company’s	assets:	(A)	a	transfer	to	an	entity	that	is	controlled	by	the	Company’s
stockholders	immediately	after	the	transfer,	or	(B)	a	transfer	of	assets	by	the	Company	to:	(1)	a	stockholder	of	the	Company	(immediately	before	the	asset
transfer)	in	exchange	for	or	with	respect	to	the	Company’s	stock,	(2)	an	entity,	fifty	percent	(50%)	or	more	of	the	total	value	or	voting	power	of	which	is
owned,	directly	or	indirectly,	by	the	Company,	(3)	a	Person,	that	owns,	directly	or	indirectly,	fifty	percent	(50%)	or	more	of	the	total	value	or	voting	power
of	all	the	outstanding	stock	of	the	Company,	or	(4)	an	entity,	at	least	fifty	percent	(50%)	of	the	total	value	or	voting	power	of	which	is	owned,	directly	or
indirectly,	by	a	Person	described	in	this	subsection	(iii)(B)(3).		For	purposes	of	this	subsection	(iii),	gross	fair	market	value	means	the	value	of	the	assets
of	the	Company,	or	the	value	of	the	assets	being	disposed	of,	determined	without	regard	to	any	liabilities	associated	with	such	assets.
For	purposes	of	this	Section	2(f),	persons	will	be	considered	to	be	acting	as	a	group	if	they	are	owners	of	a	corporation	that	enters
into	a	merger,	consolidation,	purchase	or	acquisition	of	stock,	or	similar	business	transaction	with	the	Company.
(g)	
“
Code
”	means	the	Internal	Revenue	Code	of	1986,	as	amended.		Reference	to	a	specific	section	of	the	Code	or	regulation
thereunder	shall	include	such	section	or	regulation,	any	valid	regulation	promulgated	under	such	section,	and	any	comparable	provision	of	any	future
legislation	or	regulation	amending,	supplementing	or	superseding	such	section	or	regulation.
(h)	
“
Committee
”		means		a		committee		of		Directors		or		of		other		individuals	satisfying	Applicable	Laws	appointed	by	the	Board	in
accordance	with	Section	4	hereof.
(i)	
“
Common	Stock
”	means	the	common	stock	of	the	Company.
(j)	
“
Company
”	means	Tesla,	Inc.,	a	Delaware	corporation,	or	any	successor	thereto.
(k)	
“
Consultant
”	means	any	person,	including	an	advisor,	engaged	by	the
Company	or	a	Parent	or	Subsidiary	to	render	services	to	such	entity.
(l)	
“
Director
”	means	a	member	of	the	Board.
(m)	
“
Disability
”				means				total				and				permanent				disability				as				defined				in	Section	22(e)(3)	of		the		Code,		provided		that		in		the
case	of	Awards		other	than		Incentive	Stock	Options,	the	Administrator	in	its	discretion	may	determine	whether	a	permanent	and	total	disability	exists	in
accordance	with	uniform	and	non-discriminatory	standards	adopted	by	the	Administrator	from	time	to	time.
(n)	
“
Employee
”	means	any	person,	including	Officers	and	Directors,	employed	by	the	Company	or	any	Parent	or	Subsidiary	of	the
Company.			Neither	service	as	a	Director	nor	payment	of	a	director’s	fee	by	the	Company	will	be	sufficient	to	constitute	“employment”	by	the	Company.
(o)	
“
Exchange	Act
”	means	the	Securities	Exchange	Act	of	1934,	as	amended.
(p)	
“
Exchange	Program
”	means	a	program	under	which	(i)	outstanding	Awards	are	surrendered	or	cancelled	in	exchange	for	Awards	of
the	same	type	(which	may	have	different	terms),	Awards	of	a	different	type,	and/or	cash,	and/or	(ii)	Participants	would	have	the	opportunity	to	transfer
any	outstanding	Awards	to	a	financial	institution	or	other	person	or	entity	selected	by	the	Administrator.			Subject	to	the	no-Repricing	provision	in	Section
4(b),	the	Administrator	will	determine	the	terms	and	conditions	of	any	Exchange	Program	in	its	sole	discretion.
(q)	
“
Fair	Market	Value
”	means,	as	of	any	date,	the	value	of	Common	Stock	determined	as	follows:
(i)	
If	the	Common	Stock	is	listed	on	any	established	stock	exchange	or	a	national	market	system,	including	without	limitation
the	New	York	Stock	Exchange,	the	Nasdaq	Global	Select	Market,	the	Nasdaq	Global	Market	or	the	Nasdaq	Capital	Market	of	The	Nasdaq	Stock	Market,
its	Fair	Market	Value	will	be	the	closing	sales	price	for	such	stock	(or	the	closing	bid,	if	no	sales	were	reported)	as	quoted	on	such	exchange	or	system	on
the	day	of	determination,	as	reported	in	
The	Wall	Street	Journal	
or	such	other	source	as	the	Administrator	deems	reliable;
(ii)	
If	the	Common	Stock	is	regularly	quoted	by	a	recognized	securities	dealer	but	selling	prices	are	not	reported,	the	Fair
Market	Value	of	a	Share	will	be	the	mean	between	the	high	bid	and	low	asked	prices	for	the	Common	Stock	on	the	day	of	determination,	as	reported	in
The	Wall	Street	Journal	
or	such	other	source	as	the	Administrator	deems	reliable;
-2(iii)	
For	purposes	of	any	Awards	granted	on	the	Registration	Date,	the	Fair	Market	Value	will	be	the	initial	price	to	the	public	as
set	forth	in	the	final	prospectus	included	within	the	registration	statement	in	Form	S-1	filed	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission	for	the	initial
public	offering	of	the	Company’s	Common	Stock;	or
(iv)
In	the	absence	of	an	established	market	for	the	Common	Stock,	the
Fair	Market	Value	will	be	determined	in	good	faith	by	the	Administrator.
(r)	
“
Fiscal	Year
”	means	the	fiscal	year	of	the	Company.
(s)	
“
Incentive	Stock	Option
”	means	an	Option	intended	to	qualify	as	an	incentive	stock		option		within		the		meaning		of		Section
422		of		the		Code		and		the		regulations		promulgated	thereunder.
(t)	
“
Inside	Director
”	means	a	Director	who	is	an	Employee.
(u)	
“
Nonstatutory	Stock	Option
”	means	an	Option	that	by	its	terms	does	not	qualify	or	is	not	intended	to	qualify	as	an	Incentive	Stock
Option.
(v)	
“
Officer
”		means		a		person		who		is		an		officer		of		the		Company		within		the	meaning	of	Section	16	of	the	Exchange	Act	and	the
rules	and	regulations	promulgated	thereunder.
(w)	
“
Option
”	means	a	stock	option	granted	pursuant	to	the	Plan.
(x)	
“
Outside	Director
”	means	a	Director	who	is	not	an	Employee.				For	the	avoidance	of	doubt,	an	Outside	Director	may	or	may	not	be
an	“outside	director”	within	the	meaning	of	Section	162(m)	of	the	Code.
(y)	
“
Parent
”	means	a	“parent	corporation,”	whether	now	or	hereafter	existing,	as	defined	in	Section	424(e)	of	the	Code.
(z)	
“
Participant
”	means	the	holder	of	an	outstanding	Award.
(aa)
“
Performance	Goals
”	means	one	or	more	objective	measurable	performance	goals	established	by	the	Administrator	based	upon	one
or	more	of	the	following	criteria:	(i)	any	measure	of	financial	condition	or	operating	results	that	can	be	determined	by	reference	to	the	Company’s	balance
sheets,	income	statements	or	cash	flows	prepared	in	accordance	with	generally
accepted		accounting		principles		or		one		or		more		other		specified		bases;		(ii)		Company		or		stock	valuation;	(iii)	market	share;	(iv)	orders,	sales	or
leases;	(v)	intellectual	property	(e.g.,	patents);	(vi)	product	innovation	or	development;	(vii)	product	launch	or	ship	schedules;	(viii)	specified	projects	or
business	transactions;	(ix)	customer	satisfaction	metrics;	(x)	quality	metrics;	(xi)	manufacturing	or	production	metrics;	or	(xii)	retail	or	service
locations.		Any	criteria	used	may	be	measured,	as	applicable,	(a)	in	absolute	terms,	(b)	in	relative	terms	(including	but	not	limited	to,	the	passage	of	time
and/or	against	other	companies	or	financial	metrics),	(c)	on	a	per	share	and/or	share	per	capita
basis,		(d)		against		the		performance		of		the		Company		as		a		whole		or		against		particular		entities,	segments,	operating	units	or	products	of	the
Company	and	/or	(e)	on	a	pre-tax	or	after	tax	basis.	Awards	that	are	not	intended	to	qualify	as	“performance-based	compensation”	within	the	meaning	of
Section	162(m)	of	the	Code	may	take	into	account	any	other	factors	deemed	appropriate	by	the	Administrator.
(bb)
“
Performance	Share
”	means	an	Award	denominated	in	Shares	which	may	be	earned	in	whole	or	in	part	upon	attainment	of
performance	goals	or	other	vesting	criteria	as	the	Administrator	may	determine	pursuant	to	Section	10,	subject	to	Section	4(a)(ii).
(cc)
“
Performance	Unit
”	means	an	Award	which	may	be	earned	in	whole	or	in	part	upon	attainment	of	performance	goals	or	other
vesting	criteria	as	the	Administrator	may	determine	and	which	may	be	settled	for	cash,	Shares	or	other	securities	or	a	combination	of	the	foregoing
pursuant	to	Section	10,	subject	to	Section	4(a)(ii).
(dd)
“
Period	of	Restriction
”	means	the	period	during	which	the	transfer	of	Shares	of	Restricted	Stock	are	subject	to	restrictions	and
therefore,	the	Shares	are	subject	to	a	substantial	risk	of	forfeiture.		Such	restrictions	may	be	based	on	the	passage	of	time,	the	achievement	of	target
levels	of	performance,	or	the	occurrence	of	other	events	as	determined	by	the	Administrator,	subject	to	Section	4(a)(ii).
(ee)
“
Plan
”	means	this	2010	Equity	Incentive	Plan.
(ff)
“
Registration	Date
”	means	the	effective	date	of	the	first	registration	statement	that	is	filed	by	the	Company	and	declared	effective
pursuant	to	Section	12(g)	of	the	Exchange	Act,	with	respect	to	any	class	of	the	Company’s	securities.
-3(gg)
“
Repricing
”		means	any	of	the	following	actions	taken	by	the	Administrator:	(i)	lowering	or	reducing	the	exercise	price	of	an
outstanding	Option	and/or	outstanding	Stock	Appreciation	Right,	(ii)	cancelling,	exchanging	or	surrendering	any	outstanding	Option	and/or	outstanding
Stock	Appreciation	Right	in	exchange	for	cash	or	another	award	for	the	purpose	of	repricing	the	award;	and	(iii)	cancelling,	exchanging	or	surrendering
any	outstanding	Option	and/or	outstanding	Stock	Appreciation	Right	in	exchange	for	an	Option	or	Stock	Appreciation	Right	with	an	exercise	price	that	is
less	than	the	exercise	price	of	the	original	award;	provided	that	a	Repricing	shall	not	include	any	action	taken	with	stockholder	approval	or	any
adjustment	of	an	Option	or	Stock	Appreciation	Right	pursuant	to	Section	14(a).
(hh)
“
Restricted	Stock
”	means	Shares	issued	pursuant	to	a	Restricted	Stock	award	under	Section	7	of	the	Plan,	or	issued	pursuant	to
the	early	exercise	of	an	Option.
(ii)
“
Restricted	Stock	Unit
”	means	a	bookkeeping	entry	representing	an	amount	equal	to	the	Fair	Market	Value	of	one	Share,	granted
pursuant	to	Section	8.		Each	Restricted	Stock	Unit	represents	an	unfunded	and	unsecured	obligation	of	the	Company.
(jj)
“
Rule	16b-3
”	means	Rule	16b-3	of	the	Exchange	Act	or	any	successor	to	Rule	16b-3,	as	in	effect	when	discretion	is	being	exercised
with	respect	to	the	Plan.
(kk)
“
Section	16(b)
”	means	Section	16(b)	of	the	Exchange	Act.
(ll)
“
Service	Provider
”	means	an	Employee,	Director	or	Consultant.
(mm)
“
Share
”	means	a	share	of	the	Common	Stock,	as	adjusted	in	accordance	with	Section	14	of	the	Plan.
(nn)
“
Stock	Appreciation	Right
”	means	an	Award,	granted	alone	or	in	connection	with	an	Option,	that	pursuant	to	Section	9	is
designated	as	a	Stock	Appreciation	Right.
(oo)
“
Subsidiary
”	means	a	“subsidiary	corporation,”	whether	now	or	hereafter	existing,	as	defined	in	Section	424(f)	of	the	Code.
3.
Stock	Subject	to	the	Plan
.
(a)
Stock	Subject	to	the	Plan
.		Subject	to	the	provisions	of	Section	14	of	the	Plan,	the	maximum	aggregate	number	of	Shares	that	may
be	issued	under	the	Plan	is	10,666,666	Shares,	plus	(i)	any	Shares	that,	as	of	the	Registration	Date,	have	been	reserved	but	not	issued	pursuant	to	any
awards	granted	under	the	Company’s	2003	Equity	Incentive	Plan	(the	“
Existing	Plan
”)	and	are	not	subject	to	any	awards	granted	thereunder,	and	(ii)	any
Shares	subject	to	stock	options	or	similar	awards	granted	under	the	Existing	Plan	that	expire	or	otherwise	terminate	without	having	been	exercised	in	full
and	Shares	issued	pursuant	to	awards	granted	under	the	Existing	Plan	that	are	forfeited	to	or	repurchased	by	the	Company,	with	the	maximum	number	of
Shares	to	be	added	to	the	Plan	pursuant	to	clauses	(i)	and	(ii)	equal	to	12,923,841	Shares.		The	Shares	may	be	authorized,	but	unissued,	or	reacquired
Common	Stock.
(b)
Automatic	Share	Reserve	Increase
.				The	number	of	Shares	available	for	issuance	under	the	Plan	will	be	increased	on	the	first	day
of	each	Fiscal	Year	beginning	with	the	2011	Fiscal	Year,	in	an	amount	equal	to	the	least	of	(i)	5,333,333	Shares,	(ii)	four	percent	(4%)	of	the	outstanding
Shares	on	the	last	day	of	the	immediately	preceding	Fiscal	Year	or	(iii)	such	number	of	Shares	determined	by	the	Board.
(c)
Lapsed	Awards
.				If		an		Award		expires		or		becomes		unexercisable		without	having	been	exercised	in	full,	is	surrendered	pursuant
to	an	Exchange	Program,	or,	with	respect	to	Restricted	Stock,	Restricted	Stock	Units,	Performance	Units	or	Performance	Shares,	is	forfeited	to	or
repurchased	by	the	Company	due	to	failure	to	vest,	the	unpurchased	Shares	(or	for	Awards	other	than	Options	or	Stock	Appreciation	Rights	the	forfeited
or	repurchased	Shares),	which	were	subject	thereto	will	become	available	for	future	grant	or	sale	under	the	Plan	(unless	the	Plan	has	terminated).	With
respect	to	Stock	Appreciation	Rights,	only	Shares	actually	issued	(i.e.,	the	net	Shares	issued)	pursuant	to	a	Stock	Appreciation	Right	will	cease	to	be
available	under	the	Plan;	all	remaining	Shares	under	Stock	Appreciation	Rights	will	remain	available	for	future	grant	or	sale	under	the	Plan	(unless	the
Plan	has	terminated).		Shares	that	have	actually	been	issued	under	the	Plan	under	any	Award	will	not	be	returned	to	the	Plan	and	will	not	become
available	for	future	distribution	under	the	Plan;	provided,	however,	that	if	Shares	issued	pursuant	to	Awards	of	Restricted	Stock,	Restricted	Stock	Units,
Performance	Shares	or	Performance	Units	are	repurchased	by	the	Company	or	are	forfeited	to	the	Company,	such	Shares	will	become	available	for	future
grant	under	the	Plan.		Shares	used	to	pay	the	exercise	price	of	an	Award	or	to	satisfy	the	tax	withholding	obligations	related	to	an	Award	will	become
available	for	future	grant	or	sale	under	the	Plan.		To	the	extent	an	Award	under	the	Plan	is	paid	out	in	cash	rather	than	Shares,	such	cash	payment	will
not	result	in	reducing	the	number	of	Shares	available	for	issuance	under	the	Plan.		Notwithstanding	the	foregoing	and,	subject	to	adjustment	as	provided
in	Section	14,	the	maximum	number	of	Shares	that	may	be	issued	upon	the	exercise	of	Incentive	Stock	Options	will	equal	the	aggregate	Share	number
stated	in	Section	3(a),	plus,	to	the	extent	allowable	under	Section	422	of	the	Code	and	the	Treasury	Regulations	promulgated	thereunder,	any	Shares	that
become	available	for	issuance	under	the	Plan	pursuant	to	Sections	3(b)	and	3(c).
-4(d)
Individual	Share	Limits
.
(i)
Limits	on	Options	and	Stock	Appreciation	Rights.	No	Participant	shall	receive	Options	or	Stock	Appreciation	Rights	during
any	Fiscal	Year	covering,	in	the	aggregate,	in	excess	of	2,000,000	Shares,	subject	to	adjustment	pursuant	to	Section	14.
(ii)
Limits	on	Other	Awards.	No	Participant	shall	receive	Restricted	Stock,	Restricted	Stock	Units,	Performance	Shares	or
Performance	Units	during	any	Fiscal	Year	covering,	in	the	aggregate,	in	excess	of	2,000,000	Shares,	subject	to	adjustment	pursuant	to	Section	14.
(e)
Share	Reserve
.		The	Company,	during	the	term	of	this	Plan,	will	at	all	times	reserve	and	keep	available	such	number	of	Shares	as
will	be	sufficient	to	satisfy	the	requirements	of	the	Plan.
4.
Administration	of	the	Plan
.
(a)
Procedure
.
(i)
Multiple	Administrative	Bodies
.		Different	Committees	with	respect	to	different	groups	of	Service	Providers	may	administer
the	Plan.
(ii)
Section	162(m)
.		To	the	extent	that	the	Administrator	determines	it	to	be	desirable	to	qualify	Awards	granted	hereunder	as
“performance-based	compensation”	within	the	meaning	of	Section	162(m)	of	the	Code,	the	Plan	will	be	administered	by	a	Committee	of	two	(2)	or	more
“outside	directors”	within	the	meaning	of	Section	162(m)	of	the	Code,	and	such	Awards	shall	be	granted	and	administered	pursuant	to	the	requirements
of	Section	162(m)	of	the	Code.		The	Committee	may,	in	its	discretion,	subject	such	Awards	to	the	achievement	of	Performance	Goals.
(iii)
Rule	16b-3
.		To	the	extent	desirable	to	qualify	transactions	hereunder	as	exempt	under	Rule	16b-3,	the	transactions
contemplated	hereunder	will	be	structured	to	satisfy	the	requirements	for	exemption	under	Rule	16b-3.
(iv)
Other	Administration
.		Other	than	as	provided	above,	the	Plan	will	be	administered	by	(A)	the	Board	or	(B)	a	Committee,
which	committee	will	be	constituted	to	satisfy	Applicable	Laws.
(b)
Powers	of	the	Administrator
.		Subject	to	the	provisions	of	the	Plan,	and	in	the	case	of	a	Committee,	subject	to	the	specific	duties
delegated	by	the	Board	to	such	Committee,	the	Administrator	will	have	the	authority,	in	its	discretion:
(i)
to	determine	the	Fair	Market	Value;
(ii)
to		select		the		Service		Providers		to		whom		Awards		may		be		granted
	hereunder;
(iii)
to	determine	the	number		of	Shares		to		be	covered		by	each		Award	
granted	hereunder;
(iv)
to	approve	forms	of	Award	Agreements	for	use	under	the	Plan;
(v)	
to	determine	the	terms	and	conditions,	not	inconsistent	with	the	terms	of	the	Plan,	of	any	Award	granted	hereunder.		Such
terms	and	conditions	include,	but	are	not	limited	to,	the	exercise	price,	the	time	or	times	when	Awards	may	be	exercised	(which	may	be	based	on
performance	criteria),	any	vesting	acceleration	or	waiver	of	forfeiture	restrictions,	and	any	restriction	or	limitation	regarding	any	Award	or	the	Shares
relating	thereto,	based	in	each	case	on	such	factors	as	the	Administrator	will	determine,	subject	to	Section	4(a)(ii);
(vi)
to	determine	the	terms	and	conditions	of	any,	and	to	institute	any	
Exchange	Program,	subject	to	the	no-Repricing	provision
below;
(vii)
to	construe	and	interpret	the	terms	of	the	Plan	and	Awards	granted
	pursuant	to	the	Plan;
(viii)
to	prescribe,	amend	and	rescind	rules	and	regulations	relating	to	the	Plan,	including	rules	and	regulations	relating	to	sub-
plans	established	for	the	purpose	of	satisfying	applicable	foreign	laws	or	for	qualifying	for	favorable	tax	treatment	under	applicable	foreign	laws;
(ix)
to	modify	or	amend	each	Award	(subject	to	Section	19	of	the	Plan),	including	but	not	limited	to	the	discretionary	authority	to
extend	the	post-termination	exercisability	period	of	Awards	and	to	extend	the	maximum	term	of	an	Option	(subject	to	Section	6(b)	of	the	Plan	regarding
Incentive	Stock	Options),	subject	to	the	no-Repricing	provision	below;
(x)
to	allow	Participants	to	satisfy	withholding	tax	obligations	in	such	manner	as	prescribed	in	Section	15	of	the	Plan;
-5(xi)
to	authorize	any	person	to	execute	on	behalf	of	the	Company	any	instrument	required	to	effect	the	grant	of	an	Award
previously	granted	by	the	Administrator;
(xii)
to	allow	a	Participant	to	defer	the	receipt	of	the	payment	of	cash	or	the	delivery	of	Shares	that	would	otherwise	be	due	to
such	Participant	under	an	Award;	and
(xiii)
to	make	all	other	determinations	deemed	necessary	or	advisable	for	administering	the	Plan.
In	no	event	shall	the	Administrator	effect	any	Repricing	of	any	Option	or	Stock	Appreciation	Right.
(c)
Effect	of	Administrator’s	Decision
.	The	Administrator’s	decisions,	determinations	and	interpretations	will	be	final	and	binding	on	all
Participants	and	any	other	holders	of	Awards.
5.
Eligibility
.		Nonstatutory	Stock	Options,	Stock	Appreciation	Rights,	Restricted	Stock,	Restricted	Stock	Units,	Performance	Shares	and
Performance	Units	may	be	granted	to	Service	Providers.		Incentive	Stock	Options	may	be	granted	only	to	Employees.
6.
Stock	Options
.
(a)
Limitations
.		Each	Option	will	be	designated	in	the	Award	Agreement	as	either	an	Incentive	Stock	Option	or	a	Nonstatutory	Stock
Option.		However,	notwithstanding	such	designation,	to	the	extent	that	the	aggregate	Fair	Market	Value	of	the	Shares	with	respect	to	which	Incentive
Stock	Options	are	exercisable	for	the	first	time	by	the	Participant	during	any	calendar	year	(under	all	plans	of	the	Company	and	any	Parent	or	Subsidiary)
exceeds	one	hundred	thousand	dollars	($100,000),	such	Options	will	be	treated	as	Nonstatutory	Stock	Options.		For	purposes	of	this	Section	6(a),
Incentive	Stock	Options	will	be	taken	into	account	in	the	order	in	which	they	were	granted.		The	Fair	Market	Value	of	the	Shares	will	be	determined	as	of
the	time	the	Option	with	respect	to	such	Shares	is	granted.
(b)
Term	of	Option
.				The	term	of	each	Option	will	be	stated	in	the	Award	Agreement.		In	the	case	of	an	Incentive	Stock	Option,	the
term	will	be	ten	(10)	years	from	the	date	of	grant	or	such	shorter	term	as	may	be	provided	in	the	Award	Agreement.		Moreover,	in	the	case	of	an
Incentive	Stock	Option	granted	to	a	Participant	who,	at	the	time	the	Incentive	Stock	Option	is	granted,	owns	stock	representing	more	than	ten	percent
(10%)	of	the	total	combined	voting	power	of	all	classes	of	stock	of	the	Company	or	any	Parent	or	Subsidiary,	the	term	of	the	Incentive	Stock	Option	will
be	five	(5)	years	from	the	date	of	grant	or	such	shorter	term	as	may	be	provided	in	the	Award	Agreement.
(c)
Option	Exercise	Price	and	Consideration
.
(i)
Exercise	Price
.		The	per	share	exercise	price	for	the	Shares	to	be	issued	pursuant	to	exercise	of	an	Option	will	be	determined
by	the	Administrator,	subject	to	the	following:
(1)
In	the	case	of	an	Incentive	Stock	Option
(A)
granted	to	an	Employee	who,	at	the	time	the	Incentive	Stock	Option	is	granted,	owns	stock	representing	more
than	ten	percent	(10%)	of	the	voting	power	of	all	classes	of	stock	of	the	Company	or	any	Parent	or	Subsidiary,	the	per	Share	exercise	price	will	be	no	less
than	one	hundred	ten	percent	(110%)	of	the	Fair	Market	Value	per	Share	on	the	date	of	grant.
(B)
granted	to	any	Employee	other	than	an	Employee	described	in	paragraph	(A)	immediately	above,	the	per	Share
exercise	price	will	be	no	less	than	one	hundred	percent	(100%)	of	the	Fair	Market	Value	per	Share	on	the	date	of	grant.
(2)
In		the		case		of		a		Nonstatutory	Stock		Option,		the		per		Share	exercise	price	will	be	no	less	than	one	hundred
percent	(100%)	of	the	Fair	Market	Value	per	Share	on	the	date	of	grant.
(3)
Notwithstanding	the	foregoing,	Options	may	be	granted	with	a	per	Share	exercise	price	of	less	than	one	hundred
percent	(100%)	of	the	Fair	Market	Value	per	Share	on		the		date		of		grant		pursuant		to		a		transaction		described		in,		and		in		a		manner		consistent		with,
Section	424(a)	of	the	Code.
(ii)
Waiting	Period	and	Exercise	Dates
.		At	the	time	an	Option	is	granted,	the	Administrator	will	fix	the	period	within	which	the
Option	may	be	exercised	and	will	determine	any	conditions	that	must	be	satisfied	before	the	Option	may	be	exercised,	subject	to	Section	4(a)(ii).
-6(iii)
Form	of	Consideration.
		
The	Administrator	will	determine	the	acceptable	form	of	consideration	for	exercising	an	Option,
including	the	method	of	payment.		In	the	case	of	an	Incentive	Stock	Option,	the	Administrator	will	determine	the	acceptable	form	of	consideration	at	the
time	of	grant.		Such	consideration	may	consist	entirely	of:	(1)	cash;	(2)	check;	(3)	promissory	note,	to	the	extent	permitted	by	Applicable	Laws,	(4)	other
Shares,	provided	that	such	Shares	have	a	Fair	Market	Value	on	the	date	of	surrender	equal	to	the	aggregate	exercise	price	of	the	Shares	as	to	which	such
Option	will	be	exercised	and	provided	that	accepting	such	Shares	will	not	result	in	any	adverse	accounting	consequences	to	the	Company,	as	the
Administrator	determines	in	its	sole	discretion;	(5)	consideration	received	by	the	Company	under	a	broker-assisted	(or	other)	cashless	exercise	program
(whether	through	a	broker	or	otherwise)	implemented	by	the	Company	in	connection	with	the	Plan;	(6)	by	net	exercise;	(7)	such	other	consideration	and
method	of	payment	for	the	issuance	of	Shares	to	the	extent	permitted	by	Applicable	Laws;	or	(8)	any	combination	of	the	foregoing	methods	of	payment.
(d)
Exercise	of	Option
.
(i)
Procedure	for	Exercise;	Rights	as	a	Stockholder
.		Any	Option	granted	hereunder	will	be	exercisable	according	to	the	terms	of
the	Plan	and	at	such	times	and	under	such	conditions	as	determined	by	the	Administrator,	including	any	Performance	Goals	subject	to	Section	4(a)(ii),
and	set	forth	in	the	Award	Agreement.		An	Option	may	not	be	exercised	for	a	fraction	of	a	Share.
An	Option	will	be	deemed	exercised	when	the	Company	receives:	(i)	a	notice	of	exercise	(in	such	form	as	the	Administrator
may	specify	from	time	to	time)	from	the	person	entitled	to	exercise	the	Option,	and	(ii)	full	payment	for	the	Shares	with	respect	to	which	the	Option	is
exercised	(together	with	applicable	withholding	taxes).			Full	payment	may	consist	of	any	consideration	and	method	of	payment	authorized	by	the
Administrator	and	permitted	by	the	Award	Agreement	and	the	Plan.		Shares	issued	upon	exercise	of	an	Option	will	be	issued	in	the	name	of	the
Participant	or,	if	requested	by	the	Participant,	in	the	name	of	the	Participant	and	his	or	her	spouse.	Until	the	Shares	are	issued	(as	evidenced	by	the
appropriate	entry	on	the	books	of	the	Company	or	of	a	duly	authorized	transfer	agent	of	the	Company),	no	right	to	vote	or	receive	dividends	or	any	other
rights	as	a	stockholder	will	exist	with	respect	to	the	Shares	subject	to	an	Option,	notwithstanding	the	exercise	of	the	Option.		The	Company	will	issue	(or
cause	to	be	issued)	such	Shares	promptly	after	the	Option	is	exercised.			No	adjustment	will	be	made	for	a	dividend	or	other	right	for	which	the	record
date	is	prior	to	the	date	the	Shares	are	issued,	except	as	provided	in	Section	14	of	the	Plan.
Exercising	an	Option	in	any	manner	will	decrease	the	number	of	Shares	thereafter	available,	both	for	purposes	of	the	Plan
and	for	sale	under	the	Option,	by	the	number	of	Shares	as	to	which	the	Option	is	exercised.
(ii)
Termination	of	Relationship	as	a	Service	Provider
.			If	a	Participant	ceases	to	be	a	Service	Provider,	other	than	upon	the
Participant’s	termination	as	the	result	of	the	Participant’s	death	or	Disability,	the	Participant	may	exercise	his	or	her	Option	within	such	period	of	time	as
is	specified	in	the	Award	Agreement	to	the	extent	that	the	Option	is	vested	on	the	date	of	termination	(but	in	no	event	later	than	the	expiration	of	the
term	of	such	Option	as	set	forth	in	the	Award	Agreement).		In	the	absence	of	a	specified	time	in	the	Award	Agreement,	the	Option	will	remain	exercisable
for	three	(3)	months	following	the	Participant’s	termination.		Unless	otherwise	provided	by	the	Administrator,	if	on	the	date	of	termination	the	Participant
is	not	vested	as	to	his	or	her	entire	Option,	the	Shares	covered	by	the	unvested	portion	of	the	Option	will	revert	to	the	Plan.		If	after	termination	the
Participant	does	not	exercise	his	or	her	Option	within	the	time	specified	by	the	Administrator,	the	Option	will	terminate,	and	the	Shares	covered	by	such
Option	will	revert	to	the	Plan.
(iii)
Disability	of	Participant
.				If	a	Participant	ceases	to	be	a	Service	Provider	as	a	result	of	the	Participant’s	Disability,	the
Participant	may	exercise	his	or	her	Option	within	such	period	of	time	as	is	specified	in	the	Award	Agreement	to	the	extent	the	Option	is	vested	on	the
date	of	termination	(but	in	no	event	later	than	the	expiration	of	the	term	of	such	Option	as	set	forth	in	the	Award	Agreement).			In	the	absence	of	a
specified	time	in	the	Award	Agreement,	the	Option	will	remain	exercisable	for	twelve	(12)	months	following	the	Participant’s	termination.	Unless
otherwise	provided	by	the	Administrator,	if	on	the	date	of	termination	the	Participant	is	not	vested	as	to	his	or	her	entire	Option,	the	Shares	covered	by
the	unvested	portion	of	the	Option	will	revert	to	the	Plan.		If	after	termination	the	Participant	does	not	exercise	his	or	her	Option	within	the	time	specified
herein,	the	Option	will	terminate,	and	the	Shares	covered	by	such	Option	will	revert	to	the	Plan.
(iv)
Death	of	Participant
.		If	a	Participant	dies	while	a	Service	Provider,	the	Option	may	be	exercised	following	the	Participant’s
death	within	such	period	of	time	as	is	specified	in	the	Award	Agreement	to	the	extent	that	the	Option	is	vested	on	the	date	of	death	(but	in	no	event	may
the	option	be	exercised	later	than	the	expiration	of	the	term	of	such	Option	as	set	forth	in	the	Award	Agreement),	by	the	Participant’s	designated
beneficiary,	provided	such	beneficiary	has	been	designated	prior	to	Participant’s	death	in	a	form	acceptable	to	the	Administrator.			If	no	such	beneficiary
has	been	designated	by	the	Participant,	then	such	Option	may	be	exercised	by	the	personal	representative	of	the	Participant’s	estate	or	by	the	person(s)
to	whom	the	Option	is	transferred	pursuant	to	the	Participant’s	will	or	in	accordance	with	the	laws	of	descent	and	distribution.		In	the	absence	of	a
specified	time	in	the	Award	Agreement,	the	Option	will	remain	exercisable	for	twelve	(12)	months	following	Participant’s	death.		Unless	otherwise
provided	by	the	Administrator,	if	at	the	time	of	death	Participant	is	not	vested	as	to	his	or	her	entire	Option,	the	Shares	covered	by	the	unvested	portion
of	the	Option	will	immediately	revert	to	the	Plan.			If	the	Option	is	not	so	exercised	within	the	time	specified	herein,	the	Option	will	terminate,	and	the
Shares	covered	by	such	Option	will	revert	to	the	Plan.
-77.
Restricted	Stock
.
(a)
Grant	of	Restricted	Stock
.		Subject	to	the	terms	and	provisions	of	the	Plan,	the	Administrator,	at	any	time	and	from	time	to	time,
may	grant	Shares	of	Restricted	Stock	to	Service	Providers	in	such	amounts	as	the	Administrator,	in	its	sole	discretion,	will	determine.
(b)
Restricted		Stock		Agreement
.				Each	Award	of	Restricted	Stock	will	be	evidenced	by	an	Award	Agreement	that	will	specify	the
Period	of	Restriction,	the	number	of	Shares	granted,	and	such	other	terms	and	conditions	as	the	Administrator,	in	its	sole	discretion,	will
determine.		Unless	the	Administrator	determines	otherwise,	the	Company	as	escrow	agent	will	hold	Shares	of	Restricted	Stock	until	the	restrictions	on
such	Shares	have	lapsed.
(c)
Transferability
.					Except	as	provided	in	this	Section	7	or	the	Award	Agreement,	Shares	of	Restricted	Stock	may	not	be	sold,
transferred,	pledged,	assigned,	or	otherwise	alienated	or	hypothecated	until	the	end	of	the	applicable	Period	of	Restriction.
(d)
Other	Restrictions
.		The	Administrator,	in	its	sole	discretion,	may	impose	such	other	restrictions	on	Shares	of	Restricted	Stock	as	it
may	deem	advisable	or	appropriate.
(e)
Removal	of	Restrictions
.			Except	as	otherwise	provided	in	this	Section	7,	Shares	of	Restricted	Stock	covered	by	each	Restricted
Stock	grant	made	under	the	Plan	will	be	released	from	escrow	as	soon	as	practicable	after	the	last	day	of	the	Period	of	Restriction	or	at	such	other	time
as	the	Administrator	may	determine.		The	Administrator,	in	its	discretion,	may	accelerate	the	time	at	which	any	restrictions	will	lapse	or	be	removed.
(f)
Voting	Rights
.			During	the	Period	of	Restriction,	Service	Providers	holding	Shares	of	Restricted	Stock	granted	hereunder	may
exercise	full	voting	rights	with	respect	to	those	Shares,	unless	the	Administrator	determines	otherwise.
(g)
Dividends	and	Other	Distributions
.		During	the	Period	of	Restriction,	Service	Providers	holding	Shares	of	Restricted	Stock	will	be
entitled	to	receive	all	dividends	and	other	distributions	paid	with	respect	to	such	Shares,	unless	the	Administrator	provides	otherwise.		If	any	such
dividends	or	distributions	are	paid	in	Shares,	the	Shares	will	be	subject	to	the	same	restrictions	on	transferability	and	forfeitability	as	the	Shares	of
Restricted	Stock	with	respect	to	which	they	were	paid.
(h)
Return	of	Restricted	Stock	to	Company
.		On	the	date	set	forth	in	the	Award	Agreement,	the	Restricted	Stock	for	which	restrictions
have	not	lapsed	will	revert	to	the	Company	and	again	will	become	available	for	grant	under	the	Plan.
8.
Restricted	Stock	Units
.
(a)
Grant
.		Restricted	Stock	Units	may	be	granted	at	any	time	and	from	time	to	time	as	determined	by	the	Administrator.		After	the
Administrator	determines	that	it	will	grant	Restricted	Stock	Units	under	the	Plan,	it	will	advise	the	Participant	in	an	Award	Agreement	of	the	terms,
conditions,	and	restrictions	related	to	the	grant,	including	the	number	of	Restricted	Stock	Units.
(b)
Vesting	Criteria	and	Other	Terms
.		The	Administrator	will	set	vesting	criteria	in	its	discretion,	which,	depending	on	the	extent	to
which	the	criteria	are	met,	will	determine	the	number	of	Restricted	Stock	Units	that	will	be	paid	out	to	the	Participant.		The	Administrator	may	set
vesting	criteria	based	upon	the	achievement	of	Company-wide,	business	unit,	or	individual	goals	(including,	but	not	limited	to,	continued	employment),	or
any	other	basis	determined	by	the	Administrator	in	its	discretion,	subject	to	Section	4(a)(ii).
(c)
Earning	Restricted	Stock	Units
.		Upon	meeting	the	applicable	vesting	criteria,	the	Participant	will	be	entitled	to	receive	a	payout	as
determined	by	the	Administrator.	Notwithstanding	the	foregoing,	at	any	time	after	the	grant	of	Restricted	Stock	Units,	the	Administrator,	in	its	sole
discretion,	may	reduce	or	waive	any	vesting	criteria	that	must	be	met	to	receive	a	payout,	subject	to	Section	4(a)(ii).
(d)
Form	and	Timing	of	Payment
.		Payment	of	earned	Restricted	Stock	Units	will	be	made	as	soon	as	practicable	after	the	date(s)
determined	by	the	Administrator	and	set	forth	in	the	Award	Agreement.		The	Administrator,	in	its	sole	discretion,	may	only	settle	earned	Restricted	Stock
Units	in	cash,	Shares,	or	a	combination	of	both.
(e)
Cancellation
.			On	the	date	set	forth	in	the	Award	Agreement,	all	unearned	Restricted	Stock	Units	will	be	forfeited	to	the	Company.
9.
Stock	Appreciation	Rights
.
(a)
Grant	of	Stock	Appreciation	Rights
.		Subject	to	the	terms	and	conditions	of	the	Plan,	a	Stock	Appreciation	Right	may	be	granted	to
Service	Providers	at	any	time	and	from	time	to	time	as	will	be	determined	by	the	Administrator,	in	its	sole	discretion.
-8(b)
Number	of	Shares
.				The	Administrator	will	have	complete	discretion	to	determine	the	number	of	Stock	Appreciation	Rights	granted
to	any	Service	Provider.
(c)
Exercise	Price	and	Other	Terms
.		The	per	share	exercise	price	for	the	Shares	to	be	issued	pursuant	to	exercise	of	a	Stock
Appreciation	Right	will	be	determined	by	the	Administrator	and	will	be	no	less	than	one	hundred	percent	(100%)	of	the	Fair	Market	Value	per	Share	on
the	date	of	grant.		Otherwise,	the	Administrator,	subject	to	the	provisions	of	the	Plan,	will
have		complete		discretion		to		determine		the		terms		and		conditions		of		Stock		Appreciation		Rights	granted	under	the	Plan.
(d)
Stock	Appreciation	Right	Agreement
.		Each	Stock	Appreciation	Right	grant	will	be	evidenced	by	an	Award	Agreement	that	will
specify	the	exercise	price,	the	term	of	the	Stock	Appreciation	Right,	the	conditions	of	exercise	(including	any	Performance	Goals),	and	such	other	terms
and	conditions	as	the	Administrator,	in	its	sole	discretion,	will	determine,	subject	to	Section	4(a)(ii).
(e)
Expiration	of	Stock	Appreciation	Rights
.		A	Stock	Appreciation	Right	granted	under	the	Plan	will	expire	upon	the	date	determined
by	the	Administrator,	in	its	sole	discretion,	and	set	forth	in	the	Award	Agreement.		Notwithstanding	the	foregoing,	the	rules	of	Section	6(b)	relating	to	the
maximum	term	and	Section	6(d)	relating	to	exercise	also	will	apply	to	Stock	Appreciation	Rights.
(f)
Payment	of	Stock	Appreciation	Right	Amount
.		Upon	exercise	of	a	Stock	Appreciation	Right,	a	Participant	will	be	entitled	to	receive
payment	from	the	Company	in	an	amount	determined	by	multiplying:
(i)
The	difference	between	the	Fair	Market	Value	of	a	Share	on	the	date	of	exercise	over	the	exercise	price;	times
(ii)
The	number	of	Shares	with	respect	to	which	the	Stock	Appreciation	
Right	is	exercised.
At	the	discretion	of	the	Administrator,	the	payment	upon	Stock	Appreciation	Right	exercise	may	be	in	cash,	in	Shares	of	equivalent	value,	or	in
some	combination	thereof.
10.
Performance	Units	and	Performance	Shares
.
(a)
Grant	of	Performance	Units/Shares
.				Performance	Units	and	Performance	Shares	may	be	granted	to	Service	Providers	at	any	time
and	from	time	to	time,	as	will	be	determined	by	the	Administrator,	in	its	sole	discretion.		The	Administrator	will	have	complete	discretion	in	determining
the	number	of	Performance	Units	and	Performance	Shares	granted	to	each	Participant.
(b)
Value	of	Performance	Units/Shares
.			Each	Performance	Unit	will	have	an
initial		value		that		is		established		by		the		Administrator		on		or		before		the		date		of		grant.				Each	Performance	Share	will	have	an	initial	value	equal	to
the	Fair	Market	Value	of	a	Share	on	the	date	of	grant.
(c)
Performance	Objectives	and	Other	Terms
.			The	Administrator	will	set	performance	objectives	or	other	vesting	provisions	(including,
without	limitation,	continued	status	as	a	Service	Provider)	in	its	discretion	which,	depending	on	the	extent	to	which	they	are	met,	will	determine	the
number	or	value	of	Performance	Units/Shares	that	will	be	paid	out	to	the	Service	Providers,	subject	to	Section	4(a)(ii).		The	time	period	during	which	the
performance	objectives	or	other	vesting	provisions	must	be	met	will	be	called	the	“Performance	Period.”		Each	Award	of	Performance	Units/Shares	will
be	evidenced	by	an	Award	Agreement	that	will	specify	the	Performance	Period,	and	such	other	terms	and	conditions	as	the	Administrator,	in	its	sole
discretion,	will	determine,	subject	to	Section	4(a)(ii).		The	Administrator	may	set	performance	objectives	based	upon	the	achievement	of	Company-wide,
divisional,	or	individual	goals,	applicable	federal	or	state	securities	laws,	or	any	other	basis	determined	by	the	Administrator	in	its	discretion,	subject	to
Section	4(a)(ii).
(d)
Earning	of	Performance	Units/Shares
.				After		the		applicable		Performance	Period	has	ended,	the	holder	of	Performance
Units/Shares	will	be	entitled	to	receive	a	payout	of	the	number	of	Performance	Units/Shares	earned	by	the	Participant	over	the	Performance	Period,	to	be
determined	as	a	function	of	the	extent	to	which	the	corresponding	performance	objectives	or	other	vesting	provisions	have	been	achieved.			After	the
grant	of	a	Performance	Unit/Share,	the	Administrator,	in	its	sole	discretion,	may	reduce	or	waive	any	performance	objectives	or	other	vesting	provisions
for	such	Performance	Unit/Share,	subject	to	Section	4(a)(ii).
(e)
Form	and	Timing	of	Payment	of	Performance	Units/Shares
.		Payment	of	earned	Performance	Units/Shares	will	be	made	as	soon	as
practicable	after	the	expiration	of	the	applicable	Performance	Period.		The	Administrator,	in	its	sole	discretion,	may	pay	earned	Performance
Units/Shares	in	the	form	of	cash,	in	Shares	(which	have	an	aggregate	Fair	Market	Value	equal	to	the	value	of	the	earned	Performance	Units/Shares	at	the
close	of	the	applicable	Performance	Period)	or	in	a	combination	thereof.
(f)
Cancellation	of	Performance	Units/Shares
.			On	the	date	set	forth	in	the	Award	Agreement,	all	unearned	or	unvested	Performance
Units/Shares	will	be	forfeited	to	the	Company,	and	again	will	be	available	for	grant	under	the	Plan.
-911.
Formula	Awards	to	Outside	Directors
.
(a)
General
.		Outside	Directors	will	be	entitled	to	receive	all	types	of	Awards	(except	Incentive	Stock	Options)	under	this	Plan,	including
discretionary	Awards	not	covered	under	this	Section	11.		All	grants	of	Awards	to	Outside	Directors	pursuant	to	this	Section	will	be	automatic	and
nondiscretionary,	except	as	otherwise	provided	herein,	and	will	be	made	in	accordance	with	the	following	provisions:
(b)
Type	of	Option
.			If	Options	are	granted	pursuant	to	this	Section	they	will	be	Nonstatutory	Stock	Options	and,	except	as	otherwise
provided	herein,	will	be	subject	to	the	other	terms	and	conditions	of	the	Plan.
(c)
Initial	Award
.	Each	person	who	first	becomes	an	Outside	Director	on	or	after	July	13,	2017,	whether	through	election	by	the
stockholders	of	the	Company	or	appointment	by	the	Board	to	fill	a	vacancy,	will		be		automatically		granted		an	Option		to		purchase	up	to	16,668	Shares
(the	“
Initial	Award
”),	representing	one-third	of	the	amount	of	a	Triennial	Award	(as	defined	below),	on	or	about	the	date	on	which	such	person	first
becomes	an	Outside	Director	(the	“
Outside	Director	Start	Date
”);	provided,	however,	that	an	Inside	Director	who	ceases	to	be	an	Inside	Director,	but
who	remains	a	Director,	will	not	receive	an	Initial	Award.	The	number	of	Shares	subject	to	the	Initial	Award	will	be	equal	to	1,389	multiplied	by	the
number	of	months	(rounded	up	to	a	whole	number)	between	the	Outside	Director	Start	Date	and	the	anticipated	Initial	Triennial	Award	Grant	Date	(as
defined	below)	for	such	Outside	Director.
(d)
Triennial	Award
.	Every	three	(3)	years,	each	Outside	Director	will	be	automatically	granted	an	Option	to	purchase	50,000	Shares	(a
“
Triennial	Award
”).		The	initial	Triennial	Award	for	each	Outside	Director	will	be	granted	on	June	18,	2015	or,	with	respect	to	an	Outside	Director	who
is	appointed	or	elected	to	the	Board	on	or	after	July	13,	2017,	on	the	date	that	is	the	first	June	18	following	the	applicable	Outside	Director	Start	Date	(the
date	of	such	grant,	the	“
Initial	Triennial	Award	Grant	Date
”).	Subsequent	Triennial	Awards	will	be	granted	on	each	three-year	anniversary	date	of	the
applicable	Initial	Triennial	Award	Grant	Date.
(e)
Lead	Independent	Director	Award
.		Every	three	(3)	years,	the	lead	independent	director	of	the	Board	will	be	automatically	granted
an	Option	(a	“
Lead	Independent	Director	Award
”)	to	purchase	24,000	Shares.		The	initial	Lead	Independent	Director	Award	will	be	granted	on	the
later	of	either:	(1)	June	12,	2012	or	(2)	the	seventh	(7
th
)	business	day	following	such	Director’s	appointment	as	the	lead	independent
director.		Subsequent	Lead	Independent	Director	Awards	will	be	granted	on	each	three-year	anniversary	date	of	such	Director’s	initial	Lead	Independent
Director	Award.
(f)
Committee	Service	Awards
.
(i)
Every	three	(3)	years,	each	Outside	Director	who	serves	as	a	committee	member	will	be	automatically	granted	an	Option	(a
“
Committee	Member	Award
”)	to	purchase	the	number	of	Shares	indicated	directly	below.		The	initial	Committee	Member	Award	for	each	Outside
Director	who	serves	as	a	committee	member	will	be	granted	on	the	later	of	either:	(1)	June	12,	2012	or	(2)	the	seventh	(7
th
)	business	day	following	such
Outside	Director’s	appointment	as	a	committee	member.		Subsequent	Committee	Member	Awards	for	each	Outside	Director	who	serves	as	a	committee
member	will	be	granted	on	each	three-year	anniversary	date	of	such	Outside	Director’s	initial	Committee	Member	Award.
(A)
Audit	Committee	Member:		12,000	Shares
(B)
Compensation	Committee	Member:		9,000	Shares
(C)
Nominating	and	Corporate	Governance	Committee	Member:	6,000	Shares
(ii)
In	addition	to	any	Committee	Member	Awards,	every	three	(3)	years,	each	Outside	Director	who	serves	as	a	committee	chair
will	be	automatically	granted	an	option	(a	“
Committee	Chair	Award
”)	to	purchase	the	number	of	Shares	indicated	directly	below.		The	initial	Committee
Chair	Award	for	each	Outside	Director	who	serves	as	a	committee	chair	will	be	granted	on	the	later	of	either:	(1)	the	June	12,	2012	or	(2)	the	seventh
(7
th
)	business	day	following	such	Outside	Director’s	appointment	as	a	committee	chair.		Subsequent	Committee	Chair	Awards	for	each	Outside	Director
who	serves	as	a	committee	chair	will	be	granted	on	each	third	anniversary	date	of	such	Outside	Director’s	initial	Committee	Chair	Award.
(A)
Audit	Committee	Chair:	12,000	Shares
(B)
Compensation	Committee	Chair:		6,000	Shares
(C)
Nominating	and	Corporate	Governance	Committee	Chair:	3,000	
Shares
(g)
Terms
.		The	terms	of	each	Award	granted	pursuant	to	this	Section	will	be	as	follows:
(i)
The	term	of	the	Option	will	be	seven	(7)	years	or	such	earlier	expiration	specified	in	the	applicable	Award	Agreement.
-10(ii)
The	exercise	price	for	Shares	subject	to	Awards	will	be	one	hundred	percent	(100%)	of	the	Fair	Market	Value	on	the	grant
date.		
If	the	grant	date	indicated	in	this	Section	11	falls	on	a	non-business	day,	the	grant	shall	be	effective	as	of	the	next	business	day	following	such	date.
(iii)
Subject	to	Section	14,	each	Initial	Award	granted	to	an	Outside	Director	on	or	after	July	13,	2017	will	vest	and	become
exercisable	as	to	100%	of	the	Shares	subject	to	such	Initial	Award	on	the	Initial	Triennial	Award	Grant	Date	with	respect	to	such	Outside	Director;
provided	that	such	Outside	Director	continues	to	serve	as	a	Director	through	such	date.
(iv)
Subject	to	Section	14,	the	Options	granted	under	a	Triennial	Award,	a	Lead	Independent	Director	Award,	a	Committee
Member	Award,	or	a	Committee	Chair	Award	will	vest	and	become	exercisable	over	a	three	(3)	year	period
,	with	1/36
th
	of	the	Shares	subject	to	such
award	vesting	on	each	monthly	anniversary	of	the	vesting	commencement	date	(which	shall	be	the	date	of	grant	of	each	such	award),	so	that	all	Shares
subject	to	such	award	shall	be	fully	vested	as	of	the		third		(3
rd
)		anniversary		of		the		vesting		commencement		date;		provided,	however,		that		the
Participant	continue	to	serve	in	the	capacity	for	which	such	awards	were	granted	(
i.e.
,	Director,	lead	outside	director,	committee	member	or	committee
chair).			Notwithstanding	the	immediately	preceding		sentence,		in		the		event		an		Outside		Director		ceases		to		be		a		Director		as		of		the		day
immediately	preceding	the	date	of	an	annual	meeting	of	the	stockholders	of	the	Company,	and	the	date	of	such	meeting	of	stockholders	is	prior	to	the
anniversary	date	of	the	vesting	commencement	date	for	the	same	calendar	year,	all	Shares	that	would	have	vested	as	of	such	anniversary	date	shall
become		vested		and		exercisable		as		of		the		day		immediately		preceding		such		annual		meeting		of	stockholders.
(v)
Awards	may	be	freely	transferable	to	the	Outside	Directors’	venture	capital	funds	or	employers	(or	an	affiliate,	within	the
meaning	of	Section	424(e)	or	(f)	of	the	Code,	of	an	Outside	Director’s	employer).
(h)
Adjustments
.		The	Administrator	in	its	discretion	may	change	and	otherwise	revise	the	terms	of	Awards	granted	under	this	Section
11,	including,	without	limitation,	the	number	of	Shares	and	exercise	prices	thereof,	for	Awards	granted	on	or	after	the	date	the	Administrator	determines
to	make	any	such	change	or	revision.
12.
Leaves	of	Absence/Transfer	Between	Locations
.		Unless	the	Administrator	provides	otherwise,	vesting	of	Awards	granted	hereunder	will	be
suspended	during	any	unpaid	leave	of	absence.			A	Participant	will	not	cease	to	be	an	Employee	in	the	case	of	(i)	any	leave	of	absence	approved		by
the		Company		or		(ii)	transfers		between		locations		of		the		Company	or		between		the	Company,	its	Parent,	or	any	Subsidiary.			For	purposes	of	Incentive
Stock	Options,	no	such	leave	may	exceed	three	(3)	months,	unless	reemployment	upon	expiration	of	such	leave	is	guaranteed	by	statute	or
contract.				If		reemployment		upon		expiration		of		a		leave		of		absence		approved		by		the	Company	is	not	so	guaranteed,	then	six	(6)	months	following	the
first	(1
st
)	day	of	such	leave	any	Incentive	Stock	Option	held	by	the	Participant	will	cease	to	be	treated	as	an	Incentive	Stock	Option	and	will	be	treated	for
tax	purposes	as	a	Nonstatutory	Stock	Option.
13.
Transferability	of	Awards
.			Unless	determined	otherwise	by	the	Administrator,	an	Award	may	not	be	sold,	pledged,	assigned,
hypothecated,	transferred,	or	disposed	of	in	any	manner	other	than	by	will	or	by	the	laws	of	descent	or	distribution	and	may	be	exercised,	during	the
lifetime	of	the	Participant,	only	by	the	Participant.		If	the	Administrator	makes	an	Award	transferable,	such	Award	will	contain	such	additional	terms	and
conditions	as	the	Administrator	deems	appropriate.
14.
Adjustments;	Dissolution	or	Liquidation;	Merger	or	Change	in	Control
.
(a)
Adjustments
.
(i)
In	the	event	that	any	dividend	or	other	distribution	(whether	in	the	form	of	cash,	Shares,	other	securities,	or	other	property),
recapitalization,	stock	split,	reverse	stock	split,	reorganization,	merger,	consolidation,	split-up,	spin-off,	combination,	repurchase,	or	exchange	of	Shares
or	other	securities	of	the	Company,	or	other	change	in	the	corporate	structure	of	the	Company	affecting	the	Shares	occurs,	the	Administrator,	in	order	to
prevent	diminution	or	enlargement	of	the	benefits	or	potential	benefits	intended	to	be	made	available	under	the	Plan,	will	adjust	the	number	and	class	of
Shares	that	may	be	delivered	under	the	Plan	and/or	the	number,	class,	and	price	of	Shares	covered	by	each	outstanding	Award,	the	numerical	Share
limits	in	Section	3	of	the	Plan,	and	the	number	of	Shares	issuable	pursuant	to	Awards	to	be	granted	under	Section	11	of	the	Plan.
(ii)
Upon	(or,	as	may	be	necessary	to	effect	the	adjustment,	immediately	prior	to)	any	event	or	transaction	described	in	the
preceding	paragraph	or	a	sale	of	all	or	substantially	all	of	the	business	or	assets	of	the	Company	as	an	entirety,	the	Company	may	equitably	and
proportionately	adjust	the	Performance	Goals	applicable	to	any	then-outstanding	performance-based	Awards	to	the	extent	necessary	to	prevent
diminution	or	enlargement	of	the	benefits	or	potential	benefits	intended	to	be	made	available	under	the	Plan	with	respect	to	such	Awards.
(iii)
It	is	intended	that,	if	possible,	any	adjustments	contemplated	by	the	preceding	two	paragraphs	be	made	in	a	manner	that
satisfies	applicable	legal,	tax	(including,	without	limitation	and	as	applicable	in	the	circumstances,	Sections	424,	409A	and	162(m)	of	the	Code)	and
accounting	(so	as	to	not	trigger	any	charge	to	earnings	with	respect	to	such	adjustment)	requirements.
-11(b)
Dissolution	or	Liquidation
.				In	the	event	of	the	proposed	dissolution	or	liquidation	of	the	Company,	the	Administrator	will	notify
each	Participant	as	soon	as	practicable	prior	to	the	effective	date	of	such	proposed	transaction.		To	the	extent	it	has	not	been	previously	exercised,	an
Award	will	terminate	immediately	prior	to	the	consummation	of	such	proposed	action.
(c)
Change	in	Control
.		In	the	event	of	a	merger	or	Change	in	Control,	each	outstanding	Award	will	be	treated	as	the	Administrator
determines,	including,	without	limitation,	that	each	Award	be	assumed	or	an	equivalent	option	or	right	substituted	by	the	successor	corporation	or	a
Parent	or	Subsidiary	of	the	successor	corporation.		The	Administrator	will	not	be	required	to	treat	all	Awards	similarly	in	the	transaction.
In	the	event	that	the	successor	corporation	does	not	assume	or	substitute	for	the	Award,	the	Participant	will	fully	vest	in	and	have	the	right
to	exercise	all	of	his	or	her	outstanding	Options	and	Stock	Appreciation	Rights,	including	Shares	as	to	which	such	Awards	would	not	otherwise	be	vested
or	exercisable,	all	restrictions	on	Restricted	Stock	and	Restricted	Stock	Units	will	lapse,	and,	with	respect	to	Awards	with	performance-based	vesting,	all
performance	goals	or	other	vesting	criteria	will	be	deemed	achieved	at	one	hundred	percent	(100%)	of	target	levels	and	all	other	terms	and	conditions
met.			In	addition,	if	an	Option	or	Stock	Appreciation	Right	is	not	assumed	or	substituted	in	the	event	of	a	Change	in	Control,	the	Administrator	will	notify
the	Participant		in		writing		or		electronically		that		the		Option		or		Stock		Appreciation		Right		will		be	exercisable	for	a	period	of	time	determined	by	the
Administrator	in	its	sole	discretion,	and	the	Option	or	Stock	Appreciation	Right	will	terminate	upon	the	expiration	of	such	period.
For	the	purposes	of	this	subsection	(c),	an	Award	will	be	considered	assumed	if,	following	the	Change	in	Control,	the	Award	confers	the
right	to	purchase	or	receive,	for	each	Share	subject	to	the	Award	immediately	prior	to	the	Change	in	Control,	the	consideration	(whether	stock,	cash,	or
other	securities	or	property)	received	in	the	Change	in	Control	by	holders	of	Common	Stock	for	each	Share	held	on	the	effective	date	of	the	transaction
(and	if	holders	were	offered	a	choice	of	consideration,	the	type	of	consideration	chosen	by	the	holders	of	a	majority	of	the	outstanding	Shares);	provided,
however,	that	if	such	consideration	received	in	the	Change	in	Control	is	not	solely	common	stock	of	the	successor	corporation	or	its	Parent,	the
Administrator	may,	with	the	consent	of	the	successor	corporation,	provide	for	the	consideration	to	be	received	upon	the	exercise	of	an	Option	or	Stock
Appreciation	Right	or	upon	the	payout	of	a	Restricted	Stock	Unit,	Performance	Unit	or	Performance	Share,	for	each	Share	subject	to	such	Award,	to	be
solely	common	stock	of	the	successor	corporation	or	its	Parent	equal	in	fair	market	value	to	the	per	share	consideration	received	by	holders	of	Common
Stock	in	the	Change	in	Control.
Notwithstanding	anything	in	this	Section	14(c)	to	the	contrary,	an	Award	that	vests,	is	earned	or	paid-out	upon	the	satisfaction	of	one	or
more	performance	goals	will	not	be	considered	assumed	if	the	Company	or	its	successor	modifies	any	of	such	performance	goals	without	the	Participant’s
consent;	provided,	however,	a	modification	to	such	performance	goals	only	to	reflect	the	successor	corporation’s	post-Change	in	Control	corporate
structure	will	not	be	deemed	to	invalidate	an	otherwise	valid	Award	assumption.
(d)
Outside	Director	Awards
.			With	respect	to	Awards	granted	to	an	Outside	Director	that	are	assumed	or	substituted	for,	if	on	the	date
of	or	following	such	assumption	or	substitution	the	Participant’s	status	as	a	Director	or	a	director	of	the	successor	corporation,	as	applicable,	is
terminated	other	than	upon	a	voluntary	resignation	by	the	Participant	(unless	such	resignation	is	at	the	request	of	the	acquirer),	then	the	Participant	will
fully	vest	in	and	have	the	right	to	exercise	Options	and/or	Stock	Appreciation	Rights	as	to	all	of	the	Shares	underlying	such	Award,	including	those	Shares
which	would	not	otherwise	be	vested	or	exercisable,	all	restrictions	on	Restricted	Stock	and	Restricted	Stock	Units	will	lapse,	and,	with	respect	to
Performance	Units	and	Performance	Shares,	all	performance	goals	or	other	vesting	criteria	will	be	deemed	achieved	at	one	hundred	percent	(100%)	of
target	levels	and	all	other	terms	and	conditions	met.
15.
Tax
.
(a)
Withholding	Requirements
.				Prior	to	the	delivery	of	any	Shares	or	cash	pursuant	to	an	Award	(or	exercise	thereof),	the	Company
will	have	the	power	and	the	right	to	deduct	or	withhold,	or	require	a	Participant	to	remit	to	the	Company,	an	amount	sufficient	to	satisfy	federal,	state,
local,	foreign	or	other	taxes	(including	the	Participant’s	FICA	obligation)	required	to	be	withheld	with	respect	to	such	Award	(or	exercise	thereof).
(b)
Withholding	Arrangements
.			The	Administrator,	in	its	sole	discretion	and	pursuant	to	such	procedures	as	it	may	specify	from	time
to	time,	may	permit	a	Participant	to	satisfy	such		tax		withholding		obligation,		in		whole		or		in		part		by		(without		limitation)		(a)		paying		cash,	(b)
electing	to	have	the	Company	withhold	otherwise	deliverable	cash	or	Shares	having	a	Fair	Market	Value	equal	to	the	minimum	statutory	amount	required
to	be	withheld,	or	(c)	delivering	to	the	Company	already-owned	Shares	having	a	Fair	Market	Value	equal	to	the	minimum	statutory	amount	required	to	be
withheld.		The	Fair	Market	Value	of	the	Shares	to	be	withheld	or	delivered	will	be	determined	as	of	the	date	that	the	taxes	are	required	to	be	withheld.
-12(c)
Compliance	With	Code	Section	409A
.		Awards	will	be	designed	and	operated	in	such	a	manner	that	they	are	either	exempt	from	the
application	of,	or	comply	with,	the	requirements	of	Code	Section	409A	such	that	the	grant,	payment,	settlement	or	deferral	will	not	be	subject	to	the
additional	tax	or	interest	applicable	under	Code	Section	409A,	except	as	otherwise	determined	in	the	sole	discretion	of	the	Administrator.		The	Plan	and
each	Award	Agreement	under	the	Plan	is	intended	to	meet	the	requirements	of	Code	Section	409A	and	will	be	construed	and	interpreted	in	accordance
with	such	intent,	except	as	otherwise	determined	in	the	sole	discretion	of	the	Administrator.		To	the	extent	that	an	Award	or	payment,	or	the	settlement
or	deferral	thereof,	is	subject	to	Code	Section	409A	the	Award	will	be	granted,	paid,	settled	or	deferred	in	a	manner	that	will	meet	the	requirements	of
Code	Section	409A,	such	that	the	grant,	payment,	settlement	or	deferral	will	not	be	subject	to	the	additional	tax	or	interest	applicable	under	Code
Section	409A.
16.
No	Effect	on	Employment	or	Service
.		Neither	the	Plan	nor	any	Award	will	confer	upon	a	Participant	any	right	with	respect	to	continuing
the	Participant’s	relationship	as	a	Service	Provider	with	the	Company,	nor	will	they	interfere	in	any	way	with	the	Participant’s	right	or	the	Company’s
right	to	terminate	such	relationship	at	any	time,	with	or	without	cause,	to	the	extent	permitted	by	Applicable	Laws.
17.
Date	of	Grant
.		The	date	of	grant	of	an	Award	will	be,	for	all	purposes,	the	date	on	which	the	Administrator	makes	the	determination
granting	such	Award,	or	such	other	later	date	as	is	determined	by	the	Administrator.		Notice	of	the	determination	will	be	provided	to	each	Participant
within	a	reasonable	time	after	the	date	of	such	grant.
18.
Term	of	Plan
.		Subject	to	Section	22	of	the	Plan,	the	Plan	will	become	effective	upon	its	adoption	by	the	Board.			It	will	continue	in	effect
for	a	term	of	ten	(10)	years	from	the	date	adopted	by	the	Board,	unless	terminated	earlier	under	Section	19	of	the	Plan.
19.
Amendment	and	Termination	of	the	Plan
.
(a)
Amendment	and	Termination
.			The	Board	may	at	any	time	amend,	alter,	suspend	or	terminate	the	Plan.
(b)
Stockholder	Approval
.		The	Company	will	obtain	stockholder	approval	of	any	Plan	amendment	to	the	extent	necessary	and	desirable
to	comply	with	Applicable	Laws.
(c)
Effect	of	Amendment	or	Termination
.		No	amendment,	alteration,	suspension	or	termination	of	the	Plan	will	impair	the	rights	of	any
Participant,	unless	mutually	agreed	otherwise	between	the	Participant	and	the	Administrator,	which	agreement	must	be	in	writing	and	signed	by	the
Participant	and	the	Company.		Termination	of	the	Plan	will	not	affect	the	Administrator’s	ability	to	exercise	the	powers	granted	to	it	hereunder	with
respect	to	Awards	granted	under	the	Plan	prior	to	the	date	of	such	termination.
20.
Conditions	Upon	Issuance	of	Shares
.
(a)
Legal	Compliance
.		Shares	will	not	be	issued	pursuant	to	the	exercise	of	an	Award	unless	the	exercise	of	such	Award	and	the
issuance	and	delivery	of	such	Shares	will	comply	with	Applicable	Laws	and	will	be	further	subject	to	the	approval	of	counsel	for	the	Company	with
respect	to	such	compliance.
(b)
Investment	Representations
.		As	a	condition	to	the	exercise	of	an	Award,	the	Company	may	require	the	person	exercising	such
Award	to	represent	and	warrant	at	the	time	of	any	such	exercise	that	the	Shares	are	being	purchased	only	for	investment	and	without	any	present
intention	to	sell	or	distribute	such	Shares	if,	in	the	opinion	of	counsel	for	the	Company,	such	a	representation	is	required.
21.
Inability	to	Obtain	Authority
.		The	inability	of	the	Company	to	obtain	authority	from	any	regulatory	body	having	jurisdiction,	which
authority	is	deemed	by	the	Company’s	counsel	to	be	necessary	to	the	lawful	issuance	and	sale	of	any	Shares	hereunder,	will	relieve	the	Company	of	any
liability	in	respect	of	the	failure	to	issue	or	sell	such	Shares	as	to	which	such	requisite	authority	will	not	have	been	obtained.
22.
Stockholder	Approval
.		The	Plan	will	be	subject	to	approval	by	the	stockholders	of	the	Company	within	twelve	(12)	months	after	the	date
the	Plan	is	adopted	by	the	Board.		Such	stockholder	approval	will	be	obtained	in	the	manner	and	to	the	degree	required	under	Applicable	Laws.
-13
Exhibit	10.44
	
Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
EXECUTION	VERSION
AMENDMENT	NO.	1
TO
AMENDED	AND	RESTATED	LOAN	AND	SECURITY	AGREEMENT
THIS	AMENDMENT	NO.	1	TO	AMENDED	AND	RESTATED	LOAN	AND	SECURITY	AGREEMENT	(this
“
Amendment
”),	dated	as	of	October	18,	2017,	is	entered	into	by	and	among	TESLA	2014	WAREHOUSE	SPV	LLC,	a	Delaware
limited	liability	company	(the	“
Borrower
”),	TESLA	FINANCE	LLC,	a	Delaware	limited	liability	company	(“
TFL
”),	the	Lenders
party	hereto,	the	Group	Agents	party	hereto,	DEUTSCHE	BANK	TRUST	COMPANY	AMERICAS,	a	New	York	banking
corporation,	as	paying	agent	(in	such	capacity	the	“
Paying	Agent
”)	and	DEUTSCHE	BANK	AG,	NEW	YORK	BRANCH,	as
administrative	agent	(in	such	capacity,	the	“
Administrative	Agent
”)	and	is	made	in	respect	of	the	Amended	and	Restated
Loan	and	Security	Agreement,	dated	as	of	August	17,	2017(the	“
Loan	Agreement
”)	among	the	Borrower,	TFL,	the	Lenders
party	thereto,	the	Group	Agents	party	thereto	and	the	Administrative	Agent.		Defined	terms	used	herein	and	not	otherwise
defined	herein	shall	have	the	respective	meanings	given	to	them	in	the	Loan	Agreement	as	amended	hereby.
WHEREAS,	the	Borrower,	the	Lenders,	the	Group	Agents	and	the	Administrative	Agent	have	agreed	to	amend	the
Loan	Agreement	on	the	terms	and	conditions	set	forth	herein;
NOW,	THEREFORE,	in	consideration	of	the	premises	set	forth	above,	and	for	other	good	and	valuable
consideration,	the	receipt	and	sufficiency	of	which	are	hereby	acknowledged,	the	Borrower,	the	Lenders,	the	Group	Agents,
the	Administrative	Agent	and	the	Paying	Agent	agree	as	follows:
1.
Amendments	to	Loan	Agreement
.		Effective	as	of	the	Amendment	Effective	Date	(as	defined	below)
and	subject	to	the	satisfaction	of	the	conditions	precedent	set	forth	in	Section	4	hereof,	the	Loan	Agreement	is	hereby
amended	as	follows:(a)
Clauses	(ii)	and	(iii)	of	the	preamble	to	the	Loan	Agreement	are	amended	and	restated	in	their
entirety	as	follows:
“(ii)
Solely	for	purposes	of	Sections	
2.11
,	
2.12
,	
6.03
,	
12.01
,	
12.13
	and	
12.22
,	TESLA	FINANCE	LLC,
a	Delaware	limited	liability	company	(“
TFL
”);
(iii)
DEUTSCHE	BANK	TRUST	COMPANY	AMERICAS,	a	New	York	banking	corporation,	as	Paying
Agent;”
(b)
The	Loan	Agreement	is	hereby	amended	by	deleting	the	phrase	“RVPR”	in	each	case	it
appears	in	the	Loan	Agreement	and	inserting	in	each	case	in	lieu	thereof	the	phrase	“RVLR”.
(c)
The	Loan	Agreement	is	hereby	amended	by	deleting	the	phrase	“Residual	Value	Performance
Ratio”	in	each	case	it	appears	in	the	Loan	Agreement	and	inserting	in	each	case	in	lieu	thereof	the	phrase	“Residual	Value
Loss	Ratio”.
[***]	
Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has
been	requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
(d)
Section	1.
0
1
	of	the	
Loan
	Agreement	is	hereby	amended	by	adding	the	following	definitions
thereto	in	the	appropriate	alphabetical	order:
“
Amendment	No.	1	Effective	Date
”	shall	mean	October	18,	2017.
“
Authorized	Signatory
”	shall	have	the	meaning	set	forth	in	
Section	9.02
.
“
Extended	Lease
”	shall	mean	an	Eligible	Lease	as	to	which	the	original	Lease	Maturity	Date	has	been
extended.
“
Extended	Lease	Limit
”	shall	have	the	meaning	specified	in	the	Amended	and	Restated	Fee	Letter.
“
Finco	Paying	Agent
”	shall	mean	the	“Paying	Agent,”	as	such	term	is	defined	in	the	Finco	Warehouse
Agreement.
“
Paying	Agent
”	shall	mean	the	Person	appointed	as	such	pursuant	to	
Section	9.01
.
“
Paying	Agent	Account
”	shall	mean	the	account	with	such	name	established	and	maintained	pursuant	to
Section	2.06
.
(e)
Section	1.01
	of	the	Loan	Agreement	is	amended	by	amending	the	definition	of	“Automotive
Lease	Guide”	as	follows:
(a)
deleting	from	clause	(a)	the	phrase	“each	Group	Agent”	and	inserting	in	lieu	thereof
the		phrase	“the	Required	Group	Agents”;	and
(b)
inserting	at	the	end	of	clause	(b)	thereof	the	phrase	“and	the	Required	Group	Agents”.
(f)
Section	1.01
	of	the	Loan	Agreement	is	hereby	amended	by	(i)	adding	at	the	end	of	the
definition	of	“Eligible	Account”	the	phrase	“or	(iv)	a	segregated,	non-interest	bearing	trust	account	established	with	the
Paying	Agent”	and	(ii)	deleting	the	word	“or”	after	clause	(ii).
(g)
Section	1.01
	of	the	Loan	Agreement	is	hereby	amended	by	amending	the	definition	of
“Eligible	Lease”	as	follows:
(a)
deleting	the	number	“48”	from	clause	(vii)	thereof	and	inserting	in	lieu	thereof	the
number	“60”;	and
(b)
deleting	clause	(xiii)	thereof	in	its	entirety	and	inserting	in	lieu	thereof	a	new	clause
(xiii)	restating	in	its	entirety	as	follows:
“(xiii)
(A)	the	original	Lease	Maturity	Date	has	not	been	extended	to	a	date
more	than	six	(6)	months	after	such	original	Lease	Maturity	Date	and,	if	such	original	Lease	Maturity	Date	has
been	extended,	such	extension	was	made	in	accordance	with	the	Credit	and	Collection	Policy	and,	at	the	time	of
such	extension,	there	were	no	more	than	three	scheduled	payments	remaining	under	such	Lease	and	all	scheduled
payments	due	by	the
2
[***]	
Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has
been	requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
related	Lessee	prior	to	the	date	of	such	extension	have	been	paid	in	full,	and	(B)	the	other	provisions	of	such	Lease
have	not	been	adjusted,	waived	or	modified,	in	each	case	in	any	material	respect,	except	in	accordance	with	the
Credit	and	Collection	Policy;
”
(h)
Section	1.01
	of	the	Loan	Agreement	is	hereby	amended	by	deleting	the	definition	“Eurodollar
Rate”	in	its	entirety	and	inserting	in	lieu	thereof	a	new	definition	of	“Eurodollar	Rate”	reading	in	its	entirety	as	follows:
“
Eurodollar	Rate
”		shall	mean:
(i)
with	respect	to	any	Lender	in	the	Group	for	which	Bank	of	America,	N.A.	is	the	Group	Agent,	for
each	day	during	any	Interest	Period,	the	rate	of	interest	per
	
annum	determined	by	Bank	of	America,	N.A.	based	on	the
London	interbank	offered	rate
	
administered	by	ICE	Benchmark	Administration	Limited	(or	any	other	Person	that	takes	over
the
	
administration	of	such	rate)	for	deposits	in	Dollars	in	minimum	amounts	of	at	least	$5,000,000
	
for	a	period	equal	to	one
month	(commencing	on	the	date	of	determination	of	such	interest	rate)
	
as	published	by	a	commercially	available	source
providing	quotations	of	such	rate	as	selected	by
	
Bank	of	America,	N.A.	from	time	to	time	at	approximately	11:00	a.m.
(London	time)	on	such
	
date	of	determination,	or,	if	such	date	is	not	a	Business	Day,	then	the	immediately	preceding
	
Business
Day	(rounded	upwards,	if	necessary,	to	the	nearest	1/100	of	1%);	provided,	that	if	the	foregoing	calculation	results	in	an
interest	rate	per	annum	that	is	less	than	zero	(0),	the	Eurodollar	Rate	determined	pursuant	to	this	clause	(i)	shall	be
	
deemed
to	be	zero	(0)	for	purposes	of	this	Agreement;
(ii)	with	respect	to	any	Lender	in	the	Group	for	which	Royal	Bank	of	Canada	is	the	Group	Agent	for	each
day	during	any	Interest	Period,	
(a)	the	rate	per	annum	(carried	out	to	the	fifth	decimal	place)	equal	to	the	rate	determined
by	Royal	Bank	of	Canada	to	be	the	offered	rate	that	appears	on	the	page	of	the	Reuters	Screen	on	such	day	that	displays	an
average	British	Bankers	Association	Interest	Settlement	Rate	(such	page	currently	being	LIBOR01)	for	deposits	in	United
States	dollars	with	a	term	equivalent	to	one	month;
	
(b)	in	the	event	the	rate	referenced	in	the	preceding	subsection	(a)	does
not	appear	on	such	page	or	service	or	such	page	or	service	shall	cease	to	be	available,	the	rate	per	annum	(carried	to	the
fifth	decimal	place)	equal	to	the	rate	determined	by	Royal	Bank	of	Canada	to	be	the	offered	rate	on	such	day	on	such	other
page	or	other	service	that	displays	an	average	British	Bankers	Association	Interest	Settlement	Rate	for	deposits	in	United
States	dollars	(or,	if	such	rate	is	not	available	on	a	successor	or	substitute	service,	such	comparable	rate	published	on	such
other	service	as	selected	by
	
Royal	Bank	of	Canada	from	time	to	time	for	purposes	of	providing	quotations	of	interest	rates
applicable	to	United	States	dollar	deposits	in	the	London	interbank	market)	with	a	term	equivalent	to	one	month;	or
	
(c)	in
the	event	the	rates	referenced	in	the	preceding	subsections	(a)	and	(b)	are	not	available,	the	rate	per	annum	determined	by
Royal	Bank	of	Canada	on	such	day	as	the	rate	of	interest	at	which	Dollar	deposits	(for	delivery	on	a	date	two	Business	days
later	than	such	day)	in	same	day	funds	in	the	approximate	amount	of	the	applicable	investment	to	be	funded	by	reference	to
the	LIBOR	Rate	and	with	a	term	equivalent	to	one	month	would	be	offered	by	its	London	Branch	to	major	banks	in	the
London	interbank	eurodollar	market	at	their	request;	or
(iii)	
with	respect	to	any	Lender	in	any	other	Group,	with	respect	to	an	Interest	Period,	an	interest	rate
per	annum	equal	to	the	rate	for	one-month	deposits	in	Dollars,	which	rate	is	designated	as	“LIBOR01”	on	the	Reuters	Money
3000	Service	as	of	11:00	a.m.,	London	time,
3
[***]	
Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has
been	requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
two	(2)	LIBOR	Business	Days	prior	to	the	first	day	of	such	Interest	Period;	
provided,	however
,	that	(a)	in	the	event	that	no
such	rate	is	shown,	the	LIBOR	Rate	shall	be	determined	by	reference	to	such	other	comparable	available	service	for
displaying	Eurodollar	rates	as	may	be	reasonably	selected	by	the	Administrative	Agent;	(b)	in	the	event	that	the	rate
appearing	on	such	page	or	as	so	determined	by	the	Administrative	Agent	shall	be	less	than	zero,	such	rate	shall	be	deemed
to	be	zero	for	the	purposes	of	this	Agreement,	and	(c)	if	no	such	service	is	available,	the	LIBOR	Rate	shall	be	the	rate	per
annum	equal	to	the	average	(rounded	upward	to	the	nearest	1/100
th
	of	1%)	of	the	rate	at	which	the	Administrative	Agent
offers	deposits	in	Dollars	at	or	about	10:00	a.m.,	New	York	City	time,	two	(2)	LIBOR	Business	Days	prior	to	the	beginning	of
the	related	Interest	Period,	in	the	interbank	eurocurrency	market	where	the	eurocurrency	and	foreign	currency	and
exchange	operations	in	respect	of	its	Eurodollar	loans	are	then	being	conducted	for	delivery	on	the	first	day	of	such	Interest
Period	for	the	number	of	days	comprised	therein	and	in	an	amount	comparable	to	the	applicable	portion	of	the	Loan	Balance
to	be	accruing	interest	at	the	LIBOR	Rate	during	such	Interest	Period
.”
(i)
Section	1.01
	of	the	Loan	Agreement	is	hereby	amended	by	amending	the	definition	of	“Excess
Concentration	Amount”	as	follows:
(a)
deleting	at	the	end	of	clause	(vii)	thereof	the	word	“and”;
(b)
adding	at	the	end	of	clause	(viii)	thereof	the	word	“and”;	and
(c)
adding	at	the	end	thereof	a	new	clause	(ix)	reading	in	its	entirety	as	follows:
“(ix)	the	aggregate	Securitization	Value	of	all	Warehouse	SUBI	Leases	that	are	Extended	Leases
exceeds	the	Extended	Lease	Limit.”
(j)
Section	1.01
	of	the	Loan	Agreement	is	hereby	amended	by	deleting	the	number
“$525,000,000”	from	the	definition	of	“Facility	Limit”	and	inserting	in	lieu	thereof	the	number	“$511,125,806.42”.
(k)
Section	1.01
	of	the	Loan	Agreement	is	amended	by	deleting	the	definition	“Fee	Letter”	in	its
entirety	and	inserting	in	lieu	thereof	the	following	definition	of	“Fee	Letter”	reading	in	its	entirety	as	follows:
“
Fee	Letter
”	shall	mean	the	Amended	and	Restated	Fee	Letter	dated	as	of	October	18,	2017	among	TFL,
the	Borrower,	the	Administrative	Agent,	the	Group	Agents	and	the	Lenders,	setting	forth	the	upfront	fee	and	certain	other
fees	and	expenses	payable	to	the	Administrative	Agent	and	the	Lenders	by	TFL	and	the	Borrower.
(l)
Section	1.01
	of	the	Loan	Agreement	is	hereby	amended	by	(i)	deleting	the	word	“Finco”	from
the	definition	of	“Finco	Borrower”	and	inserting	in	lieu	thereof	the	word	“LML”	and	(ii)	inserting	a	comma	(“,”)	after	the
word	“SPV”	and	before	the	word	“LLC”.
(m)
Section	1.01
	of	the	Loan	Agreement	is	hereby	amended	by	adding	the	phrase	“the	Paying
Agent,”	to	the	definition	of	“Indemnified	Parties”	immediately	after	the	phrase	“shall	mean	the	Administrative	Agent,	the
Group	Agents,	the	Lenders,”.
4
[***]	
Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has
been	requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
(n)
Section	1.01
	of	the	
Loan
	Agreement	is	
hereby	
amended
	by	inserting	at	the	end	of	the
definition	of	“Lease	Maturity	Date”	the	phrase	“,	as	such	date	may	be	extended.”
(o)
Section	1.01
	of	the	Loan	Agreement	is	hereby	amended	by	deleting	the	definition	“Mark-to-
Market	MRM	Residual	Value”	in	its	entirety	and	inserting	in	lieu	thereof	a	new	definition	of	“Mark-to-Market	MRM	Residual
Value”	reading	in	its	entirety	as	follows:
“
Mark-to-Market	MRM	Residual	Value
”	shall	mean,	with	respect	to	any	Warehouse	SUBI	Leased	Vehicle
and	the	related	Lease,	as	of	any	date,	the	lesser	of	(i)	the	expected	value	of	such	Leased	Vehicle	at	the	related	Lease
Maturity	Date	using	a	residual	value	estimate	produced	by	Automotive	Lease	Guide	(assuming	that	the	vehicle	is	in
“average”	condition)	based	on	the	“Maximum	Residualizable	MSRP,”	which	consists	of	the	MSRP	of	the	typically	equipped
vehicle	and	value	adding	options,	giving	only	partial	credit	or	no	credit	for	those	options	that	add	little	or	no	value	to	the
resale	price	of	the	vehicle,	calculated	as	of	the	last	day	of	the	calendar	month	immediately	preceding	the	most	recent	Mark
to	Market	Adjustment	Date	prior	to	and,	if	applicable,	including	such	date	and	(ii)	the	residual	value	estimate	produced	by
Automotive	Lease	Guide	(based	as	above)	calculated	as	of	the	contract	date	of	the	related	Lease;	provided,	however,	that	if
the	contract	date	of	the	related	Lease	for	a	Warehouse	SUBI	Lease	is	after	the	last	day	of	the	calendar	month	immediately
preceding	the	most	recent	Mark-to-Market	Adjustment	Date,	as	of	any	date,	then	the	initial	Mark-to-Market	MRM	Residual
Value	for	such	Warehouse	SUBI	Lease	shall	be	equal	to	the	amount	in	clause	(ii)	above.”
(p)
Section	1.01
	of	the	Loan	Agreement	is	hereby	amended	by	deleting	the	number
“$600,000,000”	from	the	definition	of	“Maximum	Facility	Limit”	and	inserting	in	lieu	thereof	the	number
“$1,100,000,000.00”.
(q)
Section	1.01
	of	the	Loan	Agreement	is	hereby	amended	by	amending	the	definition	of
“Portfolio	Performance	Condition”	as	follows:
(a)
for	clause	(ii),	deleting	the	phrase	“less	than	[***]”	and	inserting	in	lieu	thereof	the
phrase	“greater	than	[***]”;	and
(b)
for	clause	(y),	deleting	the	phrase	“greater	than	or	equal	to	[***]”	and	inserting	in	lieu
thereof	the	phrase	“less	than	or	equal	to	[***]”.
(r)
Section	1.01
	of	the	Loan	Agreement	is	hereby	amended	by	deleting	the	definition	“Rating
Agencies”	in	its	entirety	and	inserting	in	lieu	thereof	a	new	definition	of	“Rating	Agency”	reading	in	its	entirety	as	follows:
“
Rating	Agency
”	shall	mean	S&P,	Moody’s,	Fitch	Inc.,	DBRS,	Inc.,	Kroll	Bond	Rating	Agency	or	any	other
nationally	recognized	statistical	rating	organization.
(s)
Section	1.01
	of	the	Loan	Agreement	is	amended	by	deleting	the	definition	“Residual	Value
Performance	Ratio”	in	its	entirety	and	inserting	in	lieu	thereof	a	new	definition	of	“Residual	Value	Loss	Ratio”	reading	in	its
entirety	as	follows:
“
Residual	Value	Loss	Ratio	
”	shall	mean,	for	any	RVLR	Calculation	Date,	and	with	respect	to	those
Warehouse	SUBI	Leases	which	reached	their	respective	Lease	Maturity	Dates
5
[***]	
Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has
been	requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
during	or	prior	to	such	three	consecutive	Settlement	Periods	and	for	which	Off-Lease	Residual	Value	Net	Liquidation
Proceeds	were	received	during	the	three	consecutive	Settlement	Periods	ended	on	the	last	day	of	the	calendar	month
immediately	preceding	such	RVLR	Calculation	Date,	a	fraction	expressed	as	a	percentage,	(a)	the	numerator	of	which	is	the
difference	between	the	aggregate	Base	Residual	Values	of	such	Warehouse	SUBI	Leases	and	the	aggregate	Off-Lease
Residual	Value	Net	Liquidation	Proceeds	received	with	respect	to	such	Warehouse	SUBI	Leases,	and	(b)	the	denominator	of
which	is	the	aggregate	Base	Residual	Values	of	such	Warehouse	SUBI	Leases.
”
(t)
Section	1.01
	of	the	Loan	Agreement	is	hereby	amended	by	deleting	the	definition
“Responsible	Officer”	in	its	entirety	and	inserting	in	lieu	thereof	a	new	definition	of	“Responsible	Officer”	reading	in	its
entirety	as	follows:
“
Responsible	Officer
”	shall	mean	with	respect	to	(i)	the	Borrower	or	TFL,	any	of	the	president,	chief
executive	officer,	chief	financial	officer,	treasurer	or	any	vice	president	of	the	Borrower	or	TFL,	as	the	case	may	be	or	(ii)	the
Paying	Agent,	any	managing	director,	director,	vice	president,	assistant	vice	president,	associate	or	trust	officer	of	the
Paying	Agent	customarily	performing	functions	with	respect	to	corporate	trust	matters	and,	with	respect	to	a	particular
matter	under	this	Agreement,	any	other	officer	to	whom	such	matter	is	referred	because	of	such	officer’s	knowledge	of	and
familiarity	with	the	particular	subject,	in	each	case,	having	direct	responsibility	for	the	administration	of	this	Agreement.”
(u)
Section	1.01
	of	the	Loan	Agreement	is	hereby	amended	by	deleting	the	definition	“Short-
Term	Notes”	in	its	entirety	and	inserting	in	lieu	thereof	a	new	definition	of	“Short-Term	Notes”	reading	in	its	entirety	as
follows:
“
Short-Term	Notes
”	shall	mean	the	short-term	commercial	paper	notes	issued	or	to	be	issued	by	or	on
behalf	of	a	Conduit	Lender	(or,	solely	in	the	case	of	Salisbury	Receivables	Company	LLC,	by	or	on	behalf	of	Sheffield
Receivables	Company	LLC)	to	fund	or	maintain	the	Loans	or	investments	in	other	financial	assets.”
(v)
Section	1.01
	of	the	Loan	Agreement	is	hereby	amended	by	deleting	the	phrase	“at	the	time	of
the	origination	of	such	Lease”	from	the	definition	of	“TFL	Residual	Value”	thereof.
(w)
Section	1.01
	of	the	Loan	Agreement	is	hereby	amended	by	deleting	the	following	definitions:
“Mark	to	Market	Adjustment”	and	“Matured	Lease”.
(x)
Section	1.01
	of	the	Loan	Agreement	is	hereby	amended	by	adding	the	phrase	“the	Paying
Agent,”	to	the	definition	of	“Withholding	Agent”	after	the	phrase	“shall	mean	the	Borrower,”	and	before	the	phrase	“and	the
Administrative	Agent”.
(y)
Section	2.01
	of	the	Loan	Agreement	is	hereby	amended	as	follows:
(a)
deleting	subclause	(i)	of	clause	(d)	in	its	entirety	and	inserting	in	lieu	thereof	a	new
subclause	(i)	reading	in	its	entirety	as	follows:
6
[***]	
Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has
been	requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
“
at	least	two	(2)	Business	Days	preceding	each	Warehouse	SUBI	Lease	Allocation	Date	(or,	in
the	case	of	the	initial	Warehouse	SUBI	Lease	Allocation	Date,	on	the	Initial	Loan	Date),	the	Borrower	and	the
Servicer	shall	deliver	to	the	Administrative	Agent	an	executed	Notice	of	Warehouse	SUBI	Lease	Allocation	in
substantially	the	form	of	Exhibit	D	to	this	Agreement,	signed	by	an	Authorized	Signatory,	together	with	a	Pool	Cut
Report	as	to	the	related	Lease	Pool
;”	and
(b)
deleting	clause	(e)	in	its	entirety	and	inserting	in	lieu	thereof	new	clauses	(e),	(f),	(g),
(i)	and	(j)	reading	in	their	entirety	as	follows:
“(e)
If	any	Loan	Request	is	delivered	to	the	Administrative	Agent,	the	Group	Agents,	the	Lenders
and	the	Paying	Agent	after	noon,	New	York	City	time,	two	Business	Days	prior	to	the	proposed	Loan	Increase	Date,
such	Loan	Request	shall	be	deemed	to	be	received	prior	to	noon,	New	York	City	time,	on	the	next	succeeding
Business	Day	and	the	proposed	Loan	Increase	Date	of	such	proposed	Loan	shall	be	deemed	to	be	the	second
Business	Day	following	such	deemed	receipt.		Any	Loan	Request	shall	be	irrevocable	and	the	Borrower	may	not
request	that	more	than	one	Loan	be	funded	on	any	Business	Day.
(f)
If	a	Conduit	Lender	shall	have	elected	not	to	make	all	or	a	portion	of	such	Loan,	the	related
Committed	Lender	shall	make	available	on	the	applicable	Loan	Increase	Date	an	amount	equal	to	the	portion	of	the
Loan	that	such	Conduit	Lender	has	not	elected	to	fund.
(g)
Each	Group’s	ratable	share	of	a	Loan	shall	be	made	available	to	the	Paying	Agent,	subject	to	the
fulfillment	of	the	applicable	conditions	set	forth	in	Section	5.02,	at	or	prior	to	1:00	p.m.,	New	York	City	time,	on	the
applicable	Loan	Date,	by	deposit	of	immediately	available	funds	to	the	Paying	Agent	Account.	The	Paying	Agent
shall	promptly	notify	the	Borrower	in	the	event	that	any	Lender	either	fails	to	make	its	portion	of	such	funds
available	before	such	time	or	notifies	the	Paying	Agent	that	it	will	not	make	its	portion	of	such	funds	available
before	such	time.	Subject	to	the	fulfillment	of	the	applicable	conditions	set	forth	in	Section	5.02,	as	determined	by
the	Paying	Agent,	the	Paying	Agent	will	not	later	than	3:00	p.m.,	New	York	City	time,	on	such	Loan	Increase	Date
make	such	funds	available,	in	the	same	type	of	funds	received,	by	wire	transfer	thereof	to	the	account	specified	in
writing	by	the	Borrower.	If	any	Lender	makes	available	to	the	Paying	Agent	funds	for	any	Loan	to	be	made	by	such
Lender	as	provided	in	the	foregoing	provisions	of	this	Article,	and	such	funds	are	not	made	available	to	the
Borrower	by	the	Paying	Agent	because	the	conditions	to	the	applicable	Loan	set	forth	in	Section	5.02	are	not
satisfied	or	waived	in	accordance	with	the	terms	hereof,	the	Paying	Agent	shall	return	such	funds	(in	like	funds	as
received	from	such	Lender)	to	such	Lender,	without	interest.
(h)
In	the	event	that,	notwithstanding	the	fulfillment	of	the	applicable	conditions	set	forth	in	Section
5.02	hereof	with	respect	to	a	Loan,	a	Conduit	Lender	elected	to	make	an	advance	on	a	Loan	Increase	Date	but
failed	to	make	its	portion	of	the	Loan	available	to	the	Paying	Agent	when	required	by	this	Section	2.01,	such
Conduit	Lender	shall	be	deemed	to	have	rescinded	its	election	to	make	such	advance,	and	neither	the	Borrower	nor
any	other	party	shall	have	any	claim	against	such	Conduit	Lender	by	reason	of	its	failure	to	timely	make	such
purchase.	In	any	such	case,	the	Paying	Agent	shall	give
7
[***]	
Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has
been	requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
notice	of	such	failure	not	later	than	1:30	p.m.,	New	York	City	time,	on	the	Loan	Increase	Date	to	the	Borrower,
which	notice	shall	specify	(i)	the	identity	of	such	Conduit	Lender	and	(ii)	the	amount	of	the	Loan	which	it	had
elected	but	failed	to	make.	Subject	to	receiving	such	notice,	the	related	Committed	Lender	shall	advance	a	portion
of	the	Loan	in	an	amount	equal	to	the	amount	described	in	clause	(ii)	above,	at	or	before	2:00	p.m.,	New	York	City
time,	on	such	Loan	Increase	Date	and	otherwise	in	accordance	with	this	Section	2.01.	Subject	to	the	Paying
Agent’s	receipt	of	such	funds,	the	Paying	Agent	will	not	later	than	4:00	p.m.,	New	York	City	time,	on	such	Loan
Increase	Date	make	such	funds	available,	in	the	same	type	of	funds	received,	by	wire	transfer	thereof	to	the
account	specified	in	writing	by	the	Borrower.
(i)
The	failure	of	any	Lender	to	make	any	Loan	required	to	be	made	by	it	shall	not	relieve	any	other
Lender	of	its	obligations	hereunder;	provided,	that	the	Commitments	of	the	Lenders	are	several	and	no	Lender
shall	be	responsible	for	any	other	Lender’s	failure	to	make	Loans	as	required.
(j)
After	the	Borrower	delivers	a	Loan	Request	pursuant	to	
Section	5.02
,	a	Lender	(or	its	Group
Agent)	may,	not	later	than	4:00	p.m.	(New	York	time)	on	the	Business	Day	after	the	Borrower’s	delivery	of	such
Loan	Request,	deliver	a	written	notice	(a	“
Delayed	Funding	Notice
”,	the	date	of	such	delivery,	the	“
Delayed
Funding	Notice	Date
”	and	such	Lender,	a	“
Delaying	Lender
”)	signed	by	an	Authorized	Signatory	to	the	Borrower,
the	Paying	Agent	and	the	Administrative	Agent	of	its	intention	to	fund	its	share	of	the	related	Loan	Increase	(such
share,	the	“
Delayed	Amount
”)	on	a	date	(the	date	of	such	funding,	the	“
Delayed	Funding	Date
”)	that	is	on	or	before
the	thirty-fifth	(35th)	day	following	the	date	of	the	proposed	Loan	Increase	Date	(or	if	such	day	is	not	a	Business
Day,	then	on	the	next	succeeding	Business	Day)	rather	than	on	the	requested	Loan	Increase	Date.		Any	Group
containing	a	Delaying	Lender	shall	be	referred	to	as	a	“
Delaying	Group
”	with	respect	to	such	Loan	Increase
Date.		On	each	Delayed	Funding	Date,	subject	to	the	satisfaction	of	the	conditions	set	forth	in	
Section	5.02
,	the
Committed	Lenders	shall	(or,	in	the	case	of	a	Group	with	a	Conduit	Lender,	the	Conduit	Lender	in	such	Group	may
in	its	sole	discretion)	fund	their	ratable	amounts	of	such	requested	Loans.		Notwithstanding	anything	to	the
contrary	contained	in	this	Agreement	or	any	other	Related	Document,	the	parties	acknowledge	and	agree	that	the
failure	of	any	Lender	to	fund	its	Loan	on	the	requested	Loan	Increase	Date	will	not	constitute	a	default	on	the	part
of	such	Lender	if	any	Delaying	Lender	has	timely	delivered	a	Delayed	Funding	Notice	signed	by	an	Authorized
Signatory	to	the	Borrower	with	respect	to	such	Loan	Request.	Nothing	contained	herein	shall	prevent	the	Borrower
from	revoking	any	Loan	Request	related	to	any	Delayed	Funding	Notice.”
(z)
Section	2.03
	of	the	Loan	Agreement	is	hereby	amended	as	follows:
(a)
inserting	the	phrase	“,	the	Paying	Agent”	after	the	phrase	“No	later	than	the	second
Business	Day	of	each	month,	each	Group	Agent	will	provide	the	Borrower,	the	Servicer,”;	and
(b)
inserting	the	phrase	“each	Lender	in”	after	the	phrase	“(or	estimated	to	be	due)	to”
and	immediately	before	the	phrase	“its	Group	pursuant	to	this	Agreement”.
8
[***]	
Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has
been	requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
(aa)
Section	2.04
(c)
	of	the	Loan	Agreement	is	hereby	amended	as	follows:
(a)
deleting	subclause	(iii)	in	its	entirety	and	inserting	in	lieu	thereof	a	new	subclause	(iii)
reading	in	its	entirety	as	follows:
“
third
,	on	a	
pari	passu
	basis,	(x)	to	the	Trustee	Bank	(to	the	extent	not	previously	paid	by	TFL),
for	the	payment	of	accrued	and	unpaid	fees	of	the	Trustee	Bank	of	$2,000	per	annum,	(y)	to	the	depositary
institutions	where	the	Reserve	Account	and	the	Warehouse	SUBI	Collection	Account	are	maintained	for	payment	of
accrued	and	unpaid	maintenance	fee	of	up	to	$275	per	month	per	account,	or	$450	per	month	per	account	during
the	continuance	of	an	Event	of	Default,	(z)	to	the	Back-Up	Servicer	for	the	payment	of	the	accrued	and	unpaid
Back-Up	Servicing	Fees	and	(xx)	to	the	Paying	Agent	for	the	payment	of	accrued	and	unpaid	fees	of	the	Paying
Agent	of	$875	per	month;”
(b)
deleting	subclause	(iv)	in	its	entirety	and	inserting	in	lieu	thereof	a	new	subclause	(iv)
reading	in	its	entirety	as	follows:
“
fourth
,	on	a	
pari
	
passu
	basis,	(x)	to	the	Trustee	Bank	(to	the	extent	not	previously	paid	by	TFL),
for	the	payment	of	out-of-pocket	expenses	incurred	by	the	Trustee	Bank	and	the	indemnities	owed	to	the	Trustee
Bank
;	provided
,	that	the	aggregate	amount	distributed	pursuant	to	this	
subclause	(x)
	shall	not	exceed	$100,000	per
calendar	year;	(y)	to	the	Back-Up	Servicer	for	the	payment	of	out-of-pocket	expenses	incurred	by	the	Back-Up
Servicer	and	the	indemnities	owed	to	the	Back-Up	Servicer;	provided,	that	the	aggregate	amount	distributed
pursuant	to	this	
subclause
	(y)	shall	not	exceed	$25,000	per	calendar	year;	(z)	to	the	Paying	Agent	for	the	payment
of	out-of-pocket	expenses	incurred	by	the	Paying	Agent	and	the	indemnities	owed	to	the	Paying	Agent;	
provided
that	the	aggregate	amount	distributed	pursuant	to	subclause	(z)	shall	not	exceed	$25,000	per	calendar	year;”
(c)
deleting	subclause	(v)	in	its	entirety	and	inserting	in	lieu	thereof	a	new	subclause	(v)
reading	in	its	entirety	as	follows:
“
fifth
,	on	a	
pari
	
passu
	basis	and	pro	rata	based	on	the	applicable	amounts	payable	under
subclauses	(x)
	and	
(y)
	of	this	
clause	fifth
,	(x)	to	the	Paying	Agent	(for	the	account	of	the	Lenders),	the	Interest
Distributable	Amount,	and	(y)	to	each	applicable	provider	of	an	Interest	Rate	Hedge,	any	Interest	Rate	Hedge
Payments	and	Interest	Rate	Hedge	Termination	Payment	required	to	be	paid	by	the	Borrower,	to	the	extent	not
previously	paid;”
(d)
deleting	subclause	(vi)	in	its	entirety	and	inserting	in	lieu	thereof	a	new	subclause	(vi)
reading	in	its	entirety	as	follows:
“
sixth
,	on	a	
pari
	
passu
	basis	and	pro	rata	to	the	Paying	Agent	(for	the	account	of	the	Lenders),	the
Principal	Distributable	Amount;”
(e)
for	subclause	(viii),	adding	at	the	end	thereof	the	phrase	“and	the	Paying	Agent;”;
9
[***]	
Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has
been	requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
(f)
for	subclause	(ix),	inserting	the	phrase	“,	the	Paying	Agent”	after	the	phrase	“and	not
otherwise	paid	to	the	Trustee	Bank,	the	Back-up	Servicer”	and	before	the	phrase	“or	Successor	Servicer,”	and
(g)
deleting	the	second	paragraph	after	subclause	(x)	and	before	clause	(d)	in	its	entirety
and	inserting	in	lieu	thereof	a	new	paragraph	reading	in	its	entirety	as	follows:
“In	approving	or	giving	any	distribution	instructions	under	this	
Section	2.04(c)
,	each	of	the	Administrative
Agent	and	the	Paying	Agent	shall	be	entitled	to	rely	conclusively	on	the	most	recent	Settlement	Statement	provided
to	it	pursuant	to	
Section	2.08
	and	shall	incur	no	liability	to	any	Person	in	connection	with	relying	on	such
Settlement	Statements
	
or	if	the	Administrative	Agent	or	the	Paying	Agent	makes	different	payments	or	makes	no
payments	if	the	Administrative	Agent	or	the	Paying	Agent	has	concerns	that	the	Settlement	Statement	might	be
incorrect.”.
(bb)
Section	2.05
	of	the	Loan	Agreement	is	hereby	amended	by	deleting	
Section	2.05
	in	its
entirety	and	inserting	in	lieu	thereof	a	new	
Section	2.05
	reading	in	its	entirety	as	follows:
“
Payments	and	Computations,	Etc
.		All	amounts	to	be	paid	or	deposited	by	the	Borrower	or	the	Servicer
to	a	Lender	Party	(whether	for	its	own	account	or	for	the	account	of	another	Lender	Party)	shall	be	paid	or	deposited	to	the
Paying	Agent	Account	no	later	than	10:00	a.m.	(New	York	time)	on	the	day	when	due	in	such	coin	or	currency	of	the	United
States	of	America	as	at	the	time	of	payment	shall	be	legal	tender	for	the	payment	of	public	and	private	debts,	in	an	amount
in	immediately	available	funds	which	(together	with	any	amounts	then	held	by	the	Paying	Agent	and	available	for	that
purpose)	shall	be	sufficient	to	pay	the	amount	becoming	due	on	such	date;	
provided	that
	any	such	payment	or	deposit
received	after	10:00	a.m.	(New	York	time)	on	any	day	shall	be	deemed	to	be	paid	by	the	Borrower	or	the	Servicer	on	the	next
Business	Day.	The	Paying	Agent	shall	promptly	distribute	the	amount	received	to	the	applicable	Lender.	The	Borrower	shall
confirm	by	facsimile	or	electronically	in	PDF	format	on	the	day	payment	is	due	to	be	made	to	the	Paying	Agent	that	it	has
issued	irrevocable	payment	instructions	for	the	transfer	of	the	relevant	sum	due	to	the	Paying	Agent	Account.	The	Paying
Agent	acknowledges	that	it	does	not	have	any	interest	in	any	such	funds	held	by	it	in	trust	deposited	hereunder	but	is
serving	as	Paying	Agent	only.		The	Paying	Agent	shall	be	under	no	liability	for	interest	on	any	money	received	by	it
hereunder.		The	Paying	Agent	shall	not	be	required	to	use	or	risk	its	own	funds	in	making	any	payment	on	the	Loans.		All
sums	to	be	paid	or	deposited	by	the	Borrower	or	the	Servicer	to	the	Paying	Agent	hereunder	shall	be	paid	to	the	Paying
Agent	Account	or	such	account	with	such	bank	as	the	Paying	Agent	may	from	time	to	time	notify	the	Borrower	in	writing	not
less	than	three	Business	Days	before	any	such	sum	is	due	and	payable.	The	Borrower	shall,	to	the	extent	permitted	by	law,
pay	to	each	Lender	Party,	on	the	first	Payment	Date	that	is	at	least	ten	(10)	days	after	demand	therefor,	interest	on	all
amounts	not	paid	or	deposited	when	due	to	such	Lender	Party	hereunder	at	a	rate	equal	to	the	Default	Rate.		The	Paying
Agent	shall	remit	funds	to	each	Lender	in	accordance	with	this	Agreement	and	the	wiring	instructions	provided	by	such
Lender	(or	its	related	Group	Agent)	to	the	Paying	Agent.”
(cc)
Section	2.06
	of	the	Loan	Agreement	is	hereby	amended	as	follows:
10
[***]	
Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has
been	requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
(a)
inserting	the	phrase	“
and	Paying	Agent	Account
”	after	the	phrase	“Reserve	Account”	in
the	title	of	
Section	2.06
;
(b)
re-alphabetizing	clause	(b)	to	clause	(c)	and	inserting	in	lieu	thereof	a	new	clause	(b)
reading	in	its	entirety	as	follows:
“The	Borrower	shall	cause	to	be	established	and	maintained	in	the	name	of	the	Borrower	for	the	benefit	of
the	Secured	Parties	with	the	Paying	Agent	an	Eligible	Account	as	the	Paying	Agent	Account.	Funds	on	deposit	in
the	Paying	Agent	Account	shall	remain	uninvested.”.
(dd)
Section	2.08
	of	the	Loan	Agreement	is	hereby	amended	as	follows:
(a)
inserting	the	phrase	“and	the	Paying	Agent”	after	the	phrase	“On	or	before	the
Determination	Date	in	each	month,	the	Servicer	shall	prepare	and	forward	to	the	Administrative	Agent”;	and
(b)
deleting	subclause	(iii)	in	its	entirety	and	inserting	in	lieu	thereof	a	new	subclause	(iii)
in	its	entirety	as	follows:
“
each	Settlement	Statement	delivered	on	a	Quarterly	Report	Date	shall	include	a
calculation	of	the	most	recent	Mark-to-Market	MRM	Residual	Values	of	the	Warehouse	SUBI	Leases.”
(ee)
Section	2.09
	of	the	Loan	Agreement	is	hereby	amended	as	follows:
(a)
deleting	clause	(b)	in	its	entirety	and	inserting	in	lieu	thereof	a	new	clause	(b)	reading
in	its	entirety	as	follows:
“From	time	to	time	in	its	sole	discretion,	the	Borrower	may	provide	notice,	signed	by	an
Authorized	Signatory,	to	the	Administrative	Agent,	the	Paying	Agent	and	each	Group	Agent	that	it	wishes	to
remove	from	the	Collateral	and	reallocate	to	the	UTI	or	another	SUBI	(including	the	LML	SUBI)	the	Securitization
Take-Out	Collateral.		Any	such	removal	and	reallocation	of	Securitization	Take-Out	Collateral	(each	a
“
Securitization	Take-Out
”)	shall	be	subject	to	the	following	additional	terms	and	conditions.”
(b)
in	subclause	(b)(i)(A),	(A)	inserting	the	phrase	“,	the	Paying	Agent”	after	the	phrase
“The	Borrower	shall	have	given	the	Administrative	Agent”	and	(B)	inserting	the	phrase	“signed	by	an	Authorized
Signatory,”	after	the	phrase	“in	the	form	of	
Exhibit	F
	hereto”;
(c)
in	subclause	(b)(vi),	(A)	deleting	the	term	“Administrative	Agent”	and	inserting	in	lieu
thereof	the	term	“Paying	Agent”,	(B)	inserting	the	phrase	“(for	the	account	of	the	Lenders)”	immediately	after	the
phrase	“On	the	related	Securitization	Take-Out	Date	the	Paying	Agent”	and	(C)	inserting	the	phrase	“in	the	Paying
Agent	Account”	after	the	phrase	“shall	have	received”	and	before	the	phrase	“,	in	immediately	available	funds,”;
and
11
[***]	
Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has
been	requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
(d)
in	subclause	(b)(viii),	inserting	the	phrase	“and	the	Paying	Agent”	after	the	phrase
“(including	fees	and	expenses	of	counsel)	of	the	Lender	Parties”.
(ff)
Section	2.11
	of	the	Loan	Agreement	is	hereby	amended	as	follows:
(a)
in	subclause	(a)(i),	inserting	the	phrase	“signed	by	an	Authorized	Signatory”	after	the
phrase	“(such	notice,	“
Maximum	Facility	Limit	Increase	Notice
”)”;	and
(b)
in	subclause	(b)(i),	inserting	the	phrase	“signed	by	an	Authorized	Signatory”	after	the
phrase	“(such	notice,	“
Maximum	Facility	Limit	Reduction	Notice
”)”.
(gg)
Section	2.12
	of	the	Loan	Agreement	is	hereby	amended	by	inserting	the	phrase	“signed	by
an	Authorized	Signatory”	in	subclause	(a)(i)	after	the	phrase	“(such	notice,	“
Maximum	Facility	Limit	Reallocation	Notice
”)”.
(hh)
Section	2.13
	of	the	Loan	Agreement	is	hereby	amended	by	inserting	the	phrase	“,	the
Paying	Agent”	after	the	phrase	“prior	notice	to	the	Administrative	Agent”	and	before	the	phrase	“and	each	Group	Agent,
provided	that	(i)”.
(ii)
Section	2.15
	of	the	Loan	Agreement	is	hereby	inserted	at	the	end	of	
Article	II
	reading	in	its
entirety	as	follows:
“SECTION	2.15	
Register
.
(a)
On	or	prior	to	the	Amendment	No.	1	Effective	Date,	the	Administrative	Agent	will
provide	to	the	Paying	Agent	a	complete	and	correct	list	of	the	Lenders,	which	list	shall	be	provided	in	a	format	agreed	to	by
the	Administrative	Agent	and	the	Paying	Agent	and	shall	include	the	following	information:	(i)	full	name	of	the	Lender;	(ii)
complete	mailing	address	of	the	Lender;	(iii)	payment	instructions	for	making	payments	to	the	Lender	in	respect	of	the	Loans
and	(iv)	appropriate	Tax	ID	form.		The	Paying	Agent	shall	be	entitled	to	conclusively	rely	on	the	accuracy	of	such	information
provided	by	the	Administrative	Agent.	At	any	time	after	the	Amendment	No.	1	Effective	Date,	the	Paying	Agent	shall	provide
to	the	Borrower,	TFL,	the	Administrative	Agent	or	any	Group	Agent	from	time	to	time	at	its	reasonable	request	a	complete
and	correct	list	of	the	Lenders	and	shall	include	the	following	information:	(i)	full	name	of	the	Lender;	(ii)	complete	mailing
address	of	the	Lender;	(iii)	payment	instructions	for	making	payments	to	the	Lender	in	respect	of	the	Loans	and	(iv)
appropriate	Tax	ID	form.	Each	Lender	agrees	that	all	notices	from	such	Lender	for	changes	of	name,	address,	contact	details
or	payment	details	of	the	Lenders	shall	be	sent	to	the	Paying	Agent	at	the	Paying	Agent’s	address	as	set	forth	in	Section
12.05.
(b)
From	and	after	the	Amendment	No.	1	Effective	Date,	the	Paying	Agent	shall,	acting
solely	for	this	purpose	as	an	agent	of	the	Borrower,	maintain	at	its	address	referred	to	in	Section	12.05	(or	such	other
address	of	the	Paying	Agent	notified	by	the	Paying	Agent	to	the	other	parties	hereto)	a	copy	of	each	Assignment	and
Acceptance	Agreement	delivered	to	and	accepted	by	it	and	a	register	for	the	recordation	of	the	names	and	addresses	of	the
Committed	Lenders	and	the	Conduit	Lenders,	the	Commitment	Amount	of	each	Committed	Lender	and	the	aggregate
outstanding	principal	amount	(and	stated	interest)	of	the	Loans	of	each	Conduit	Lender
12
[***]	
Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has
been	requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
and	Committed	Lender	from	time	to	time	(the	“
Register
”).		The	entries	in	the	Register	shall	be	conclusive	and	binding	for	all
purposes,	absent	manifest	error,	and	the	Borrower,	the	Servicer,	the	Administrative	Agent,	the	Paying	Agent,	the	Group
Agents,	the	Conduit	Lenders	and	the	Committed	Lenders	shall	treat	each	Person	whose	name	is	recorded	in	the	Register	as
a	Committed	Lender	or	Conduit	Lender,	as	the	case	may	be,	under	this	Agreement	for	all	purposes	of	this	Agreement.		Any
of	the	Borrower,	the	Servicer,	the	Administrative	Agent,	any	Group	Agent,	any	Conduit	Lender	or	any	Committed	Lender
may	request	a	copy	of	the	Register	from	the	Paying	Agent	at	any	reasonable	time	and	from	time	to	time	upon	reasonable
prior	notice.
”
(jj)
Section	3.01	of	the	Loan	Agreement	is	hereby	amended	by	inserting	the	phrase	“,	Warehouse
SUBI	Supplement”	in	subclause	(a)(i)	after	the	phrase	‘Warehouse	SUBI	Sale	Agreement”	and	before	the	phrase	“and	all
other	Transaction	Documents”.
(kk)
Section	5.02
	of	the	Loan	Agreement	is	hereby	amended	as	follows:
(a)
deleting	clause	(d)	in	its	entirety	and	inserting	in	lieu	thereof	a	new	clause	(d)	reading
in	its	entirety	as	follows:
“At	least	two	(2)	Business	Days	preceding	each	Loan	Increase	Date	following	the	Initial	Loan
Date,	the	Borrower	shall	have	delivered	(i)	to	the	Administrative	Agent,	the	Paying	Agent,	each	Group	Agent	and
each	Lender	set	forth	on	the	Register	an	electronic	copy	of	(A)	a	Loan	Request	in	substantially	the	form	of	
Exhibit
A
	to	this	Agreement	(without	the	Pool	Cut	Report	referenced	therein)	and	(B)	if	such	Loan	Increase	Date	is	also	a
Warehouse	SUBI	Lease	Allocation	Date,	a	“Notice	of	Warehouse	SUBI	Lease	Allocation”	in	substantially	the	form	of
Exhibit	D
	to	this	Agreement,	and	(ii)	to	the	Administrative	Agent,	the	Paying	Agent	and	each	Group	Agent	(A)	a
duly	executed	copy	of	the	Loan	Request	and,	if	applicable,	the	Notice	of	Warehouse	SUBI	Lease	Allocation	given
pursuant	to	preceding	clause	(i)	(which	notice	may	be	delivered	by	email	with	hard	copy	to	follow	promptly)	and
(B)	a	Pool	Cut	Report	as	to	all	Leases	included	in	the	Warehouse	SUBI	(including	the	Lease	Pool	(if	any)	to	be
allocated	to	the	Warehouse	SUBI	on	such	Loan	Increase	Date	if	such	Loan	Increase	Date	is	a	Warehouse	SUBI
Lease	Allocation	Date);”;	and
(b)
in	clause	(h),	adding	at	the	end	of	the	clause	the	phrase	“;	provided	that	the	Reserve
Account	may	be	funded	following	the	making	of	the	Loan	so	long	as	the	Reserve	Account	is	funded	on	the	same
date	as	of	the	Loan”	before	the	word	“and”;
(ll)
Section	6.03
	of	the	Loan	Agreement	is	hereby	amended	by	deleting	the	term	“Deutsche	Bank
AG,	New	York	Branch,	or	Citibank,	N.A.”	from	clause	(a)	and	inserting	in	lieu	thereof	the	phrase	“any	Lender	or	Group
Agent”.
(mm)
Section	8.01
	of	the	Loan	Agreement	is	hereby	amended	by	deleting	the	word	“less”	and
inserting	in	lieu	thereof	the	word	“greater”.
(nn)
Section	8.02
	of	the	Loan	Agreement	is	hereby	amending	by	deleting	the	phrase	“(g)	or	(h)
(due	to	a	Servicer	Default	under	clause	(f)	of	the	definition	thereof	in	
Section
13
[***]	
Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has
been	requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
1.1
	of	the	Warehouse	SUBI	Servicing	Agreement”	from	clause	(a)	and	inserting	in	lieu	thereof	the	letter	“(f)”.
(oo)
Article	IX
	of	the	Loan	Agreement	is	hereby	amended	by	deleting	
Article	IX
	in	its	entirety
and	inserting	in	lieu	thereof	a	new	
Article	IX
	reading	as	follows:
“
THE	ADMINISTRATIVE	AGENT	AND	THE	PAYING	AGENT
SECTION	9.01
		Authorization	and	Action
.		Each	Lender	hereby	appoints	and	authorizes	the
Administrative	Agent	to	take	such	action	as	agent	on	its	behalf	and	to	exercise	such	powers	under	this	Agreement	as	are
delegated	to	the	Administrative	Agent	by	the	terms	hereof,	together	with	such	powers	as	are	reasonably	incidental
thereto.		Effective	as	of	the	Amendment	No.	1	Effective	Date,	the	Borrower	hereby	appoints	Deutsche	Bank	Trust	Company
Americas,	acting	through	its	office	at	60	Wall	Street,	New	York,	New	York	10005,	as	the	registrar	and	paying	agent	in
respect	of	the	Loans	(together	with	any	successor	or	successors	as	such	registrar	and	paying	agent	qualified	and	appointed
in	accordance	with	this	Article	IX,	the	“
Paying	Agent
”),	upon	the	terms	and	subject	to	the	conditions	set	forth	herein,	and
Deutsche	Bank	Trust	Company	Americas	hereby	accepts	such	appointment.	The	Paying	Agent	shall	have	the	powers	and
authority	granted	to	and	conferred	upon	it	herein,	and	such	further	powers	and	authority	to	act	on	behalf	of	the	Borrower	as
the	Borrower	and	the	Paying	Agent	may	hereafter	mutually	agree	in	writing.		Neither	the	Administrative	Agent	nor	the
Paying	Agent	shall	have	any	duties	other	than	those	expressly	set	forth	in	the	Transaction	Documents,	and	no	implied
obligations	or	liabilities	shall	be	read	into	any	Transaction	Document,	or	otherwise	exist,	against	the	Administrative	Agent	or
the	Paying	Agent.		The	Administrative	Agent	and	the	Paying	Agent	do	not	assume,	nor	shall	either	of	them	be	deemed	to
have	assumed,	any	obligation	to,	or	relationship	of	trust	or	agency	with,	Tesla,	Inc.,	TFL,	LML	or	any	Tesla	Party,	the
Conduit	Lenders,	the	Committed	Lenders	or	the	Group	Agents,	except	for	any	obligations	expressly	set	forth	herein;
provided	that
	all	funds	held	by	the	Paying	Agent	for	payment	of	principal	of	or	interest	(and	any	additional	amounts)	on	the
Loans	shall	be	held	in	trust	by	the	Paying	Agent,	and	applied	as	set	forth	herein.		Notwithstanding	any	provision	of	this
Agreement	or	any	other	Transaction	Document,	in	no	event	shall	the	Administrative	Agent	or	the	Paying	Agent	ever	be
required	to	take	any	action	which	exposes	the	Administrative	Agent	or	the	Paying	Agent,	respectively,		to	personal	liability	or
which	is	contrary	to	any	provision	of	any	Transaction	Document	or	applicable	law.		Upon	receiving	a	notice,	report,
statement,	document	or	other	communication	from	the	Borrower	or	the	Servicer	pursuant	to	
Section	2.01(d)(i)
,	
Section
2.01(d)(iii)
,	
Section	2.08
,	
Section	6.03(a)
,	
Section	6.03(c)
	or	
Section	7.02(c)
,	the	Administrative	Agent	shall	promptly	deliver
to	each	Group	Agent	a	copy	of	such	notice,	report,	statement,	document	or	communication.	The	Administrative	Agent	shall	at
all	times	also	be	the	TFL	Administrative	Agent.	The	Paying	Agent	shall	at	all	times	also	be	the	TFL	Paying	Agent.	The	Paying
Agent	shall	be	under	no	obligation	to	exercise	any	of	the	rights	or	powers	vested	in	it	by	this	Agreement	at	the	request	or
direction	of	any	of	the	Borrower	or	the	Lenders,	unless	such	Borrower	or	Lender	shall	have	offered	to	the	Paying	Agent
security	or	indemnity	reasonably	satisfactory	to	the	Paying	Agent	against	the	costs,	expenses	and	liabilities	that	might	be
incurred	by	it	in	compliance	with	such	request	or	direction.		The	Paying	Agent	shall	not	be	responsible	for,	and	makes	no
representation	as	to	the	existence,	genuineness,	value	or	protection	of	any	Collateral,	for	the	legality,	effectiveness	or
sufficiency	of	any	documents	or	other	instruments,	or	for	the	creation,	perfection,	filing,	priority,	sufficiency	or	protection	of
any	liens	securing	the	Loans.		The	Paying	Agent	shall	incur	no	liability	for	not	performing	any	act	or
14
[***]	
Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has
been	requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
fulfilling	any	duty,	obligation	or	responsibility	hereunder	by	reason	of	any	occurrence	beyond	the	control	of	the	Paying	Agent
(including,	but	not	limited	to,	any	act	or	provision	of	any	present	or	future	law	or	regulation	or	governmental	authority,	any
act	of	God	or	war,	civil	unrest,	local	or	national	disturbance	or	disaster,	any	act	of	terrorism	or	the	unavailability	of	the
Federal	Reserve	Bank	wire	or	facsimile	or	other	wire	or	communication	facility).
SECTION	9.02		
Administrative	Agent’s	and	Paying	Agent’s	Reliance,	Etc
.		Neither	the	Administrative
Agent	nor	the	Paying	Agent	or	any	of	their	respective	directors,	officers,	agents	or	employees	shall	be	liable	for	any	action
taken	or	omitted	to	be	taken	by	it	or	them	as	Administrative	Agent	or	as	Paying	Agent	under	or	in	connection	with	this
Agreement	(including	the	Administrative	Agent’s	servicing,	administering	or	collecting	Warehouse	SUBI	Assets	in	the	event
it	replaces	the	Servicer	in	such	capacity	pursuant	to	
Article	VII
),	in	the	absence	of	its	or	their	own	gross	negligence	or	willful
misconduct.		Without	limiting	the	generality	of	the	foregoing,	each	of	the	Administrative	Agent	and	Paying	Agent:	(a)	may
consult	with	legal	counsel	(including	counsel	for	a	Group	Agent,	the	Borrower	or	the	Servicer),	independent	certified	public
accountants	and	other	experts	selected	by	it	and	shall	not	be	liable	for	any	action	taken	or	omitted	to	be	taken	in	good	faith
by	it	in	accordance	with	the	advice	of	such	counsel,	accountants	or	experts;	(b)	makes	no	warranty	or	representation	to	any
Group	Agent	or	Lender	(whether	written	or	oral)	and	shall	not	be	responsible	to	any	Group	Agent	or	Lender	for	any
statements,	warranties	or	representations	(whether	written	or	oral)	made	by	any	other	party	in	or	in	connection	with	this
Agreement;	(c)	shall	not	have	any	duty	to	ascertain	or	to	inquire	as	to	the	performance	or	observance	of	any	of	the	terms,
covenants	or	conditions	of	this	Agreement	on	the	part	of	any	Tesla	Party,	LML,	TFL	or	Tesla,	Inc.	or	to	inspect	the	property
(including	the	books	and	records)	of	any	Tesla	Party,	LML,	TFL	or	Tesla,	Inc.;	(d)	shall	not	be	responsible	to	any	Group	Agent
or	Lender	for	the	due	execution,	legality,	validity,	enforceability,	genuineness,	sufficiency	or	value	of	this	Agreement	or	any
other	instrument	or	document	furnished	pursuant	hereto;	and	(e)	shall	be	entitled	to	rely,	and	shall	be	fully	protected	in	so
relying,	upon	any	notice,	consent,	certificate,	report,	Settlement	Statement,	information,	direction	or	other	instrument	or
writing	(which	may	be	by	telecopier	or	electronic	mail)	signed	by	an	authorized	signatory	of	the	Borrower,	TFL,	the
Administrative	Agent,	any	Group	Agent	or	any	Lender,	respectively	(each,	an	“
Authorized	Signatory
”)	reasonably	believed	by
it	to	be	genuine	and	signed	or	sent	by	the	proper	party	or	parties.
SECTION	9.03		
Administrative	Agent	and	Paying	Agent	and	Their	Affiliates
.		With	respect	to	any	Loan	or
interests	therein	owned	by	any	Lender	that	is	also	the	Administrative	Agent	or	also	the	Paying	Agent,	such	Lender	shall	have
the	same	rights	and	powers	under	this	Agreement	as	any	other	Lender	and	may	exercise	the	same	as	though	it	were	not	the
Administrative	Agent.		The	Administrative	Agent,	the	Paying	Agent	and	any	of	their	respective	Affiliates	may	generally
engage	in	any	kind	of	business	with	Tesla,	Inc.,	TFL,	LML	and	each	Tesla	Party,	any	of	their	respective	Affiliates	and	any
Person	who	may	do	business	with	or	own	securities	of	Tesla.	Inc.,	TFL,	LML	or	any	Tesla	Party	or	any	of	their	respective
Affiliates,	all	as	if	the	Administrative	Agent	were	not	the	Administrative	Agent	and	as	if	the	Paying	Agent	were	not	the	Paying
Agent	hereunder	and	without	any	duty	to	account	therefor	to	any	other	Secured	Party.
SECTION	9.04		
Indemnification	of	Administrative	Agent	and	Paying	Agent
.		Each	Committed	Lender
agrees	to	indemnify	the	Administrative	Agent	and	the	Paying	Agent	(to	the	extent	not	reimbursed	by	the	Tesla	Parties),
ratably	according	to	the	respective	Percentage	of	such	Committed	Lender,	from	and	against	any	and	all	liabilities,
obligations,	losses,	damages,	penalties,
15
[***]	
Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has
been	requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
actions,	judgments,	suits,	costs,	expenses	or	disbursements	of	any	kind	or	nature	whatsoever	which	may	be	imposed	on,
incurred	by,	or	asserted	against	the	Administrative	Agent	or	the	Paying	Agent,	as	applicable,	in	any	way	relating	to	or
arising	out	of	this	Agreement	or	any	other	Transaction	Document	or	any	action	taken	or	omitted	by	the	Administrative	Agent
or	the	Paying	Agent	under	this	Agreement	or	any	other	Transaction	Document,	including,	without	limitation,	any	claim
commenced	by	the	Administrative	Agent	or	the	Paying	Agent	to	enforce	such	indemnification	obligation	and	any	liability,
obligation,	loss,	damage,	penalty,	action,	judgment,	suit,	cost,	expense	or	disbursement	of	any	kind	incurred	by	the
Administrative	Agent	or	the	Paying	Agent,	as	applicable,	in	connection	with	taking	action	or	omitting	to	take	any	action	at
the	direction	of	any	Group	Agent	or	Lender;	
provided
	that	no	Committed	Lender	shall	be	liable	for	any	portion	of	such
liabilities,	obligations,	losses,	damages,	penalties,	actions,	judgments,	suits,	costs,	expenses	or	disbursements	resulting	from
the	Administrative	Agent’s	or	the	Paying	Agent’s	gross	negligence	or	willful	misconduct.
		The	obligations	under	this	Section
shall	survive	the	termination	of	this	Agreement	and	the	resignation	or	removal	of	the	Administrative	Agent	or	Paying	Agent,
as	applicable.
SECTION	9.05		
Delegation	of	Duties
.		Each	of	the	Administrative	Agent	and	the	Paying	Agent	may
execute	any	of	their	respective	duties	through	agents	or	attorneys-in-fact	and	shall	each	be	entitled	to	advice	of	counsel
concerning	all	matters	pertaining	to	such	duties.		Neither	the	Administrative	Agent	nor	the	Paying	Agent	shall	be	responsible
for	the	negligence	or	misconduct	of	any	agents	or	attorneys-in-fact	selected	by	it	with	reasonable	care.
SECTION	9.06		
Action	or	Inaction	by	Administrative	Agent	or	Paying	Agent
.	Each	of	the	Administrative
Agent	and	the	Paying	Agent	shall	in	all	cases	be	fully	justified	in	failing	or	refusing	to	take	action	under	any	Transaction
Document	unless	it	shall	first	receive	such	advice	or	concurrence	of	the	Group	Agents	and	assurance	of	its	indemnification
by	the	Committed	Lenders,	as	it	deems	appropriate.		Each	of	the	Administrative	Agent	and	the	Paying	Agent	shall	in	all	cases
be	fully	protected	in	acting,	or	in	refraining	from	acting,	under	this	Agreement	or	any	other	Transaction	Document	in
accordance	with	a	request	or	at	the	direction	of	the	Group	Agents	and	such	request	or	direction	and	any	action	taken	or
failure	to	act	pursuant	thereto	shall	be	binding	upon	all	Lenders	and	the	Group	Agents.
SECTION	9.07
		Notice	of	Certain	Information	or	Events	of	Default;	Action	by	Administrative	Agent	or
Paying	Agent
.		Neither	the	Administrative	Agent	nor	the	Paying	Agent	shall	be	deemed	to	have	knowledge	or	notice	of	any
fact,	claim	or	demand	or	the	occurrence	of	any	Servicer	Default,	Default	or	Event	of	Default	unless	the	Administrative	Agent
or	a	Reponsible	Officer	of	the	Paying	Agent	has	received	notice	from	any	Group	Agent,	Lender	or	the	Borrower	of	such	fact,
claim	or	demand	or	stating	that	a	Servicer	Default,	Default	or	Event	of	Default	has	occurred	hereunder	and	describing	such
Servicer	Default,	Default	or	Event	of	Default.		If	the	Administrative	Agent	or	a	Responsible	Officer	of	the	Paying	Agent
receives	such	a	notice,	either	shall	promptly	give	notice	thereof	to	each	Group	Agent,	whereupon	each	Group	Agent	shall
promptly	give	notice	thereof	to	its	respective	Conduit	Lender(s)	and	Related	Committed	Lenders.		The	Administrative	Agent
may	(but	shall	not	be	obligated	to)	take	such	action,	or	refrain	from	taking	such	action,	concerning	a	Servicer	Default,
Default	or	Event	of	Default	or	any	other	matter	hereunder	as	the	Administrative	Agent	deems	advisable	and	in	the	best
interests	of	the	Secured	Parties.		Any	other	provision	of	this	Agreement	to	the	contrary	notwithstanding,	the	Paying	Agent
16
[***]	
Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has
been	requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
shall	have	no	notice	of	and	shall	not	be	bound	by	the	terms	and	conditions	of	any	other	document	or	agreement	unless	the
Paying	Agent	is	a	signatory	party	to	such	document	or	agreement.
SECTION	9.08		
Non-Reliance	on	Administrative	Agent,	Paying	Agent	and	Other	Parties
.		Each	Group
Agent	and	Lender	expressly	acknowledges	that	neither	the	Administrative	Agent	nor	the	Paying	Agent	or	any	of	their
respective	directors,	officers,	agents	or	employees	has	made	any	representations	or	warranties	to	it	and	that	no	act	by	the
Administrative	Agent	or	the	Paying	Agent	hereafter	taken,	including	any	review	of	the	affairs	of	Tesla,	Inc.,	TFL,	LML	and
the	Tesla	Parties,	shall	be	deemed	to	constitute	any	representation	or	warranty	by	the	Administrative	Agent	or	the	Paying
Agent.		Each	Lender	represents	and	warrants	to	each	of	the	Administrative	Agent	and	the	Paying	Agent	that,	independently
and	without	reliance	upon	either	the	Administrative	Agent,	the	Paying	Agent	or	any	Group	Agent	or	any	other	Lender	and
based	on	such	documents	and	information	as	it	has	deemed	appropriate,	it	has	made	and	will	continue	to	make	its	own
appraisal	of	and	investigation	into	the	business,	operations,	property,	prospects,	financial	and	other	conditions	and
creditworthiness	of	Tesla,	Inc.,	TFL,	LML	and	each	Tesla	Party	and	the	Warehouse	SUBI	Assets	and	its	own	decision	to	enter
into	this	Agreement	and	to	take,	or	omit,	action	under	any	Transaction	Document.		Except	for	items	expressly	required	to	be
delivered	under	any	Transaction	Document	by	either	the	Administrative	Agent	or	the	Paying	Agent,	as	applicable,	to	any
Group	Agent	or	Lender,	neither	the	Administrative	Agent	nor	the	Paying	Agent	shall	have	any	duty	or	responsibility	to
provide	any	Group	Agent	or	Lender	with	any	information	concerning	Tesla,	Inc.,	TFL,	LML	and	the	Tesla	Parties	or	any	of
their	Affiliates	that	comes	into	the	possession	of	the	Administrative	Agent,	the	Paying	Agent	or	any	of	their	respective
directors,	officers,	agents,	employees,	attorneys-in-fact	or	Affiliates.
SECTION	9.09		
Compensation
.	Each	of	the	Administrative	Agent	and	the	Paying	Agent	shall	be	entitled	to
the	compensation	to	be	agreed	upon	with	the	Borrower	in	writing,	as	may	be	amended	from	time	to	time	as	the	parties
hereto	may	agree,	for	all	services	rendered	by	it,	and	the	Borrower	agrees	promptly	to	pay	such	compensation	and	to
reimburse	the	Administrative	Agent	and	the	Paying	Agent	for	out-of-pocket	expenses	(including	legal	fees	and	expenses)
incurred	by	it	in	connection	with	the	services	rendered	by	it	hereunder,	as	and	to	the	extent	agreed	upon	with	the	Borrower
and	subject	to	the	terms	of	this	Agreement,	including	
Section	2.04	
.	The	obligations	of	the	Borrower	under	this	
Section	9.09
shall	survive	the	payment	of	the	Loans	and	the	resignation	or	removal	of	either	the	Administrative	Agent	or	the	Paying	Agent
and	the	termination	of	this	Agreement.
SECTION	9.10	
Authorized	Signatory
.	Except	as	otherwise	specifically	provided	herein,	any	order,
certificate,	notice,	request,	direction	or	other	communication	from	the	Borrower,	TFL,	the	Administrative	Agent,	any	Group
Agent	or	any	Lender	made	or	given	under	any	provision	of	this	Agreement,	shall	be	sufficient	if	signed	by	an	Authorized
Signatory.		From	time	to	time	the	Borrower	and	TFL	will	furnish	the	Paying	Agent	with	a	certificate	as	to	the	incumbency
and	specimen	signatures	of	persons	who	are	then	Authorized	Signatories.		Until	the	Paying	Agent	receives	a	subsequent
certificate	from	the	Borrower	or	TFL,	the	Paying	Agent	shall	be	entitled	to	conclusively	rely	on	the	last	such	certificate
delivered	to	them	for	purposes	of	determining	the	Authorized	Signatories.
SECTION	9.11		
Successor	Administrative	Agent	or	Paying	Agent
.
17
[***]	
Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has
been	requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
(a)
Resignation	of	Administrative	Agent
(i)
The	Administrative	Agent	may,	upon	at	least	thirty	(30)	days’	notice	to	the
Borrower,	the	Servicer	and	each	Group	Agent,	resign	as	Administrative	Agent;	provided	it	also	resigns	as	TFL
Administrative	Agent.		Except	as	provided	below,	such	resignation	shall	not	become	effective	until	a	successor
Administrative	Agent	is	appointed	by	the	Group	Agents	as	a	successor	Administrative	Agent	and	as	a	successor
TFL	Administrative	Agent	and	has	accepted	such	appointment.		If	no	successor	Administrative	Agent	shall	have
been	so	appointed	by	the	Group	Agents,	within	thirty	(30)	days	after	the	departing	Administrative	Agent’s
giving	of	notice	of	resignation,	the	departing	Administrative	Agent	may,	on	behalf	of	the	Secured	Parties,
appoint	a	successor	Administrative	Agent.		If	no	successor	Administrative	Agent	shall	have	been	so	appointed
by	the	Group	Agents	within	sixty	(60)	days	after	the	departing	Administrative	Agent’s	giving	of	notice	of
resignation,	the	departing	Administrative	Agent	may,	on	behalf	of	the	Group	Agents,	petition	a	court	of
competent	jurisdiction	to	appoint	a	successor	Administrative	Agent,	which	successor	Administrative	Agent	shall
be	either	(i)	a	commercial	bank	having	a	combined	capital	and	surplus	of	at	least	$250,000,000	and	short-term
debt	ratings	of	at	least	“A-1”	from	S&P	and	“P-1”	from	Moody’s	or	(ii)	an	Affiliate	of	such	an	institution,	and	in
either	case	shall	also	be	the	TFL	Administrative	Agent.
(b)
Resignation	or	Removal	of	Paying	Agent
(i)
The	Paying	Agent	may	at	any	time	resign	by	giving	written	notice	of	its
resignation	to	the	Borrower,	the	Administrative	Agent	and	the	Group	Agents	specifying	the	date	on	which	its
resignation	shall	become	effective,	subject	to	the	conditions	set	forth	below;	provided	that	such	date	shall	be	at
least	30	days	after	the	receipt	of	such	notice	by	the	Borrower,	the	Administrative	Agent	and	the	Group	Agents
unless	such	parties	agree	in	writing	to	accept	shorter	notice.			The	Borrower	may,	at	any	time	and	for	any
reason	with	the	written	consent	of	the	Administrative	Agent	and	upon	at	least	30	days	written	notice	to	that
effect	(provided	that	no	such	notice	shall	expire	less	than	15	days	before	or	15	days	after	any	Payment	Date)
remove	the	Paying	Agent	and	appoint	a	successor	Paying	Agent	by	written	instrument	in	duplicate	signed	on
behalf	of	the	Borrower,	one	copy	of	which	shall	be	delivered	to	the	Paying	Agent	being	removed	and	one	copy
to	the	successor	Paying	Agent.		Upon	resignation	or	removal,	the	Paying	Agent	shall	be	entitled	to	the	payment
by	the	Borrower	of	its	compensation	for	the	services	rendered	hereunder	and	to	the	reimbursement	of	all
reasonable	out-of-pocket	expenses	(including	reasonable	legal	fees	and	expenses)	incurred	in	connection	with
the	services	rendered	by	it	hereunder,	as	and	to	the	extent	agreed	upon	with	the	Borrower.
(ii)
In	case	at	any	time	the	Paying	Agent	shall	resign,	or	shall	be	removed,	or	shall
become	incapable	of	acting,	or	be	adjudged	bankrupt	or	insolvent,	or	shall	file	a	voluntary	petition	in
bankruptcy,	or	shall	make	an	assignment	for	the	benefit	of	its	creditors,	or	shall	consent	to	the	appointment	of
a	receiver	of	all	or	any	substantial	part	of	its	property,	or	shall	admit	in	writing	its	inability	to	pay	or	meet	its
debts	as	they	mature,	or	if	an	order	of	any	court	shall	be	entered	approving	any	petition	filed	by	or	against	it
under	the	provisions	of	any	applicable	bankruptcy	or	insolvency	law,	or	if	a
18
[***]	
Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has
been	requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
receiver	of	it	or	of	all	or	any	substantial	part	of	its	property	shall	be	appointed,	or	if	any	public	officer	shall	take
charge	or	control	of	it	or	of	its	property	or	affairs	for	the	purpose	of	rehabilitation,	conservation	or	liquidation,
a	successor	to	the	Paying	Agent	shall	be	appointed	by	the	Borrower	by	an	instrument	in	writing	that	is
consented	to	in	writing	by	the	Administrative	Agent	(which	consent	shall	not	be	unreasonably	withheld	or
delayed).		Upon	the	appointment	as	aforesaid	of	a	successor	to	the	Paying	Agent	and	acceptance	by	it	of	such
appointment,	the	Paying	Agent	so	superseded	shall	cease	to	be	Paying	Agent	hereunder.		If,	after	90	days	from
the	resignation	or	removal	of	the	Paying	Agent,	no	successor	to	such	Paying	Agent	shall	have	been	so
appointed,	or	if	so	appointed,	shall	not	have	accepted	appointment	as	hereinafter	provided,	any	Lender	or
Group	Agent,	or	such	Paying	Agent	(at	the	expense	of	the	Borrower)	may	petition	any	court	of	competent
jurisdiction	for	the	appointment	of	a	successor	to	such	Paying	Agent.
(iii)
Any	corporation	or	bank	into	which	the	Paying	Agent	may	be	merged	or
converted,	or	with	which	the	Paying	Agent	may	be	consolidated,	or	any	corporation	or	bank	resulting	from	any
merger,	conversion	or	consolidation	to	which	the	Paying	Agent	shall	be	a	party,	or	any	corporation	or	bank	to
which	the	Paying	Agent	shall	sell	or	otherwise	transfer	all	or	substantially	all	of	its	assets	and	business,	or	any
corporation	or	bank	succeeding	to	the	corporate	trust	business	of	the	Paying	Agent	shall	be	the	successor	to
the	Paying	Agent	hereunder,	without	the	execution	or	filing	of	any	document	or	any	further	act	on	the	part	of
the	parties	hereto.
(iv)
Any	successor	Paying	Agent	hereunder,	if	other	than	the	Borrower,	shall	be	a
bank	or	trust	company	organized	and	doing	business	under	the	laws	of	the	United	States	of	America	or	of	the
State	of	New	York,	in	good	standing,	authorized	under	such	laws	to	exercise	corporate	trust	powers	and	having
a	combined	capital	and	surplus	in	excess	of	US	$250,000,000,	and	in	either	case	shall	also	be	the	TFL	Paying
Agent.		
(c)
Successor	Requirements	and	Responsibilities
.
(i)
The	Borrower	and	any	Administrative	Agent	or	Paying	Agent	that	resigns	or	is
terminated	pursuant	to	
clause	(a)
	or	clause	(b)	above	shall	cooperate	with	the	applicable	successor
Administrative	Agent	or	successor	Paying	Agent,	as	applicable,	and	shall	use	commercially	reasonable	efforts,
in	each	case,	to	facilitate	the	appointment	of	such	successor	as	the	Administrative	Agent	or	the	Paying	Agent
hereunder	(including	by	entering	into	such	amendments	to	the	Control	Agreements	and	other	Transaction
Documents	and	authorizing	the	filing	of	amendments	to	financing	statements,	in	each	case,	as	are	reasonably
requested	by	the	successor	Administrative	Agent	or	the	successor	Paying	Agent	to	reflect	such	succession).
(ii)
Upon	such	acceptance	of	its	appointment	as	Administrative	Agent	or	Paying
Agent	hereunder	by	a	successor	Administrative	Agent	or	successor	Paying	Agent,	as	applicable,	such	successor
Administrative	Agent	or	successor	Paying	Agent	shall	succeed	to	and	become	vested	with	all	the	rights	and
duties	of	the	resigning	or	terminated	Administrative	Agent	or	Paying	Agent,	as	applicable,	and	the	resigning	or
terminated	Administrative	Agent	or	resigning	or	termination	Paying	Agent	shall	be	discharged	from	its	duties
and	obligations	under	the	Transaction	Documents.		After	the
19
[***]	
Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has
been	requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
resignation	or	termination	of	the	Administrative	Agent	or	the	Paying	Agent	under	this	Section	9.11,	the
provisions	of	
Article	XI
	and	this	
Article	IX
	shall	(i)	inure	to	its	benefit	as	to	any	actions	taken	or	omitted	to	be
taken	by	it	while	it	was	either	the	Administrative	Agent	or	the	Paying	Agent,	respectively	and	(ii)	survive	with
respect	to	any	indemnification	claim	it	may	have	relating	to	this	Agreement,	notwithstanding	such	resignation
or	removal	or	termination	of	this	Agreement.
”
(pp)
Section	11.01
	of	the	Loan	Agreement	is	hereby	amended	by	adding	at	the	end	thereof	a
new	sentence	reading	in	in	its	entirety	as	follows:
“The	obligations	under	this	Section	shall	survive	the	termination	of	this	Agreement	and	the	resignation	or
removal	of	the	Administrative	Agent	or	Paying	Agent,	as	applicable.”
(qq)
Section	11.02
	of	the	Loan	Agreement	is	hereby	amended	and	restated	in	its	entirety	as
follows:
“SECTION	11.02
Tax	Indemnification
.
(a)
Any	and	all	payments	by	or	on	account	of	any	obligation	of	the	Borrower	hereunder	shall	be
made	without	deduction	or	withholding	for	any	Taxes,	except	as	required	by	applicable	law.		If	any	applicable	law
(as	determined	in	the	good	faith	discretion	of	an	applicable	Withholding	Agent)	requires	the	deduction	or
withholding	of	any	Tax	from	any	such	payment	by	a	Withholding	Agent,	then	the	applicable	Withholding	Agent
shall	be	entitled	to	make	such	deduction	or	withholding	and	shall	timely	pay	the	full	amount	deducted	or	withheld
to	the	relevant	Governmental	Authority	in	accordance	with	applicable	law	and,	if	such	Tax	is	an	Indemnified	Tax,
then	the	sum	payable	by	the	Borrower	shall	be	increased	as	necessary	so	that	after	such	deduction	or	withholding
has	been	made	(including	such	deductions	and	withholdings	applicable	to	additional	sums	payable	under	this
Section)	the	applicable	Recipient	receives	an	amount	equal	to	the	sum	it	would	have	received	had	no	such
deduction	or	withholding	been	made.
(b)
The	Borrower	shall	timely	pay	to	the	relevant	Governmental	Authority	in	accordance	with
applicable	law,	or	at	the	option	of	the	Administrative	Agent	timely	reimburse	it	for	the	payment	of,	any	Other
Taxes.
(c)
The	Borrower	shall	indemnify	each	Recipient	and	the	Paying	Agent,	within	10	days	after	demand
therefor,	for	the	full	amount	of	any	Indemnified	Taxes	(including	Indemnified	Taxes	imposed	or	asserted	on	or
attributable	to	amounts	payable	under	this	Section)	payable	or	paid	by	such	Recipient	or	the	Paying	Agent,	as
applicable,	or	required	to	be	withheld	or	deducted	from	a	payment	to	such	Recipient	or	the	Paying	Agent	and	any
reasonable	expenses	arising	therefrom	or	with	respect	thereto,	whether	or	not	such	Indemnified	Taxes	were
correctly	or	legally	imposed	or	asserted	by	the	relevant	Governmental	Authority.		A	certificate	as	to	the	amount	of
such	payment	or	liability	delivered	to	the	Borrower	by	a	Lender	(with	a	copy	to	the	Administrative	Agent),	or	by	the
Administrative	Agent	on	its	own	behalf	or	on	behalf	of	another	Lender	Party,	shall	be	conclusive	absent	manifest
error.
20
[***]	
Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has
been	requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
(d)
Each	Lender	shall	severally	indemnify	the	Administrative	Agent	and	the	Paying	Agent,	within	10
days	after	demand	therefor,	for	(i)	any	Indemnified	Taxes	attributable	to	such	Lender	(but	only	to	the	extent	that
the	Borrower	has	not	already	indemnified	the	Administrative	Agent	or	the	Paying	Agent	for	such	Indemnified	Taxes
and	without	limiting	the	obligation	of	the	Borrower	to	do	so),	(ii)	any	Taxes	attributable	to	such	Lender’s	failure	to
comply	with	the	provisions	of	
Section	12.10(h)
	relating	to	the	maintenance	of	a	Participant	Register	and	(iii)	any
Excluded	Taxes	attributable	to	such	Lender,	in	each	case,	that	are	payable	or	paid	by	the	Administrative	Agent	or
the	Paying	Agent	in	connection	with	this	Agreement,	and	any	reasonable	expenses	arising	therefrom	or	with
respect	thereto,	whether	or	not	such	Taxes	were	correctly	or	legally	imposed	or	asserted	by	the	relevant
Governmental	Authority.		A	certificate	as	to	the	amount	of	such	payment	or	liability	delivered	to	any	Lender	by	the
Administrative	Agent	shall	be	conclusive	absent	manifest	error.		Each	Lender	hereby	authorizes	the	Administrative
Agent	and	the	Paying	Agent	to	set	off	and	apply	any	and	all	amounts	at	any	time	owing	to	such	Lender	under	this
Agreement	or	otherwise	payable	by	the	Administrative	Agent	or	the	Paying	Agent	to	the	Lender	from	any	other
source	against	any	amount	due	to	the	Administrative	Agent	or	the	Paying	Agent	under	this	paragraph	(d).
(e)
As	soon	as	practicable	after	any	payment	of	Taxes	by	the	Borrower	to	a	Governmental	Authority
pursuant	to	this	
Section	11.02
,	the	Borrower	shall	deliver	to	the	Administrative	Agent	or	the	Paying	Agent,	as
applicable,	the	original	or	a	certified	copy	of	a	receipt	issued	by	such	Governmental	Authority	evidencing	such
payment,	a	copy	of	the	return	reporting	such	payment	or	other	evidence	of	such	payment	reasonably	satisfactory	to
the	Administrative	Agent	or	the	Paying	Agent.
(f)
(i)	Any	Lender	that	is	entitled	to	an	exemption	from	or	reduction	of	withholding	tax	with	respect
to	payments	made	hereunder	shall	deliver	to	the	Servicer,	the	Borrower,	the	Paying	Agent	and	the	Administrative
Agent,	at	the	time	or	times	reasonably	requested	by	the	Servicer,	the	Borrower,	the	Paying	Agent	or	the
Administrative	Agent,	such	properly	completed	and	executed	documentation	reasonably	requested	by	the	Servicer,
the	Borrower,	the	Paying	Agent	or	the	Administrative	Agent	as	will	permit	such	payments	to	be	made	without
withholding	or	at	a	reduced	rate	of	withholding.		In	addition,	any	Lender,	if	reasonably	requested	by	the	Servicer,
the	Borrower,	the	Paying	Agent	or	the	Administrative	Agent,	shall	deliver	such	documentation	prescribed	by
applicable	law	or	reasonably	requested	by	the	Borrower,	the	Paying	Agent	or	the	Administrative	Agent	as	will
enable	the	Servicer,	the	Borrower,	the	Paying	Agent	or	the	Administrative	Agent	to	determine	whether	or	not	such
Lender	is	subject	to	backup	withholding	or	information	reporting	requirements.		Notwithstanding	anything	to	the
contrary	in	the	preceding	two	sentences,	the	completion,	execution	and	submission	of	such	documentation	(other
than	such	documentation	set	forth	in	
Section	11.02(f)(ii)(A)
,	
(ii)(B)
,	and	
(ii)(D)
	below)	shall	not	be	required	if	in	the
Lender’s	reasonable	judgment	such	completion,	execution	or	submission	would	subject	such	Lender	to	any	material
unreimbursed	cost	or	expense	or	would	materially	prejudice	the	legal	or	commercial	position	of	such	Lender.
(ii)
Without	limiting	the	generality	of	the	foregoing:
21
[***]	
Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has
been	requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
(A)
any	Lender	that	is	a	U.S.	Person	shall	deliver	to	the	Servicer,	the	Borrower,
the	Paying	Agent	and	the	Administrative	Agent	on	or	prior	to	the	date	on	which	such	Lender
becomes	a	Lender	under	this	Agreement	(and	from	time	to	time	thereafter	upon	the	reasonable
request	of	the	Servicer,	the	Borrower,	the	Paying	Agent	or	the	Administrative	Agent),	executed
originals	of	IRS	Form	W-9	certifying	that	such	Lender	is	exempt	from	U.S.	federal	backup
withholding	tax.
(B)
Any	Foreign	Lender	shall,	to	the	extent	it	is	legally	entitled	to	do	so,	deliver
to	the	Borrower,	the	Paying	Agent	and	the	Administrative	Agent	(in	such	number	of	copies	as
shall	be	requested	by	the	recipient)	on	or	prior	to	the	date	on	which	such	Foreign	Lender
becomes	a	Lender	under	this	Agreement	(and	from	time	to	time	thereafter	upon	the	reasonable
request	of	the	Servicer,	the	Borrower,	the	Paying	Agent	or	the	Administrative	Agent),
whichever	of	the	following	is	applicable:
(1)
in	the	case	of	a	Foreign	Lender	claiming	the	benefits	of	an
income	tax	treaty	to	which	the	United	States	is	a	party	(x)	with	respect	to	payments	of
interest	hereunder,	executed	originals	of	IRS	Form	W-8BEN-E	establishing	an
exemption	from,	or	reduction	of,	U.S.	federal	withholding	Tax	pursuant	to	the
“interest”	article	of	such	tax	treaty	and	(y)	with	respect	to	any	other	applicable
payments	hereunder,	IRS	Form	W-8BEN-E	establishing	an	exemption	from,	or
reduction	of,	U.S.	federal	withholding	Tax	pursuant	to	the	“business	profits”	or	“other
income”	article	of	such	tax	treaty;
(2)
executed	originals	of	IRS	Form	W-8ECI;	or
(3)
in	the	case	of	a	Foreign	Lender	claiming	the	benefits	of
the	exemption	for	portfolio	interest	under	Section	881(c)	of	the	Internal	Revenue
Code,	(x)	a	certificate	substantially	to	the	effect	that	such	Foreign	Lender	is	not	a
“bank”	within	the	meaning	of	Section	881(c)(3)(A)	of	the	Internal	Revenue	Code,	a	“10
percent	shareholder”	of	the	Borrower	within	the	meaning	of	Section	881(c)(3)(B)	of
the	Internal	Revenue	Code,	or	a	controlled	foreign	corporation”	described	in	Section
881(c)(3)(C)	of	the	Internal	Revenue	Code	and	(y)	executed	originals	of	IRS	Form	W-
8BEN-E.
(C)
Any	Foreign	Lender	shall,	to	the	extent	it	is	legally	entitled	to	do	so,	deliver
to	the	Borrower,	the	Paying	Agent	and	the	Administrative	Agent	(in	such	number	of	copies	as
shall	be	requested	by	the	recipient)	on	or	prior	to	the	date	on	which	such	Foreign	Lender
becomes	a	Lender	under	this	Agreement	(and	from	time	to	time	thereafter	upon	the	reasonable
request	of	the	Borrower,	the	Paying	Agent	or	the	Administrative	Agent),	executed	originals	of
any	other	form	prescribed	by	applicable	law	as	a	basis	for	claiming	exemption	from	or	a
reduction	in	U.S.	federal	withholding	tax,
22
[***]	
Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has
been	requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
duly	completed,	together	with	such	supplementary	documentation	as	may	be	prescribed	by
applicable	law	to	permit	the	Borrower,	the	Paying	Agent	or	the	Administrative	Agent	to
determine	the	withholding	or	deduction	required	to	be	made.
(D)
If	a	payment	made	to	a	Recipient	under	any	Loan	Document	would	be	subject
to	U.S.	federal	withholding	tax	imposed	by	FATCA	if	such	Recipient	were	to	fail	to	comply	with
the	applicable	reporting	requirements	of	FATCA	(including	those	contained	in	Section	1471(b)
or	1472(b)	of	the	Internal	Revenue	Code,	as	applicable),	such	Recipient	shall	deliver	to	the
Borrower,	the	Paying	Agent	and	the	Administrative	Agent	at	the	time	or	times	prescribed	by	law
and	at	such	time	or	times	reasonably	requested	by	the	Borrower,	the	Paying	Agent	or	the
Administrative	Agent	such	documentation	prescribed	by	applicable	law	(including	as	prescribed
by	Section	1471(b)(3)(C)(i)	of	the	Internal	Revenue	Code)	and	such	additional	documentation
reasonably	requested	by	the	Borrower,	the	Paying	Agent	or	the	Administrative	Agent	as	may	be
necessary	for	the	Borrower,	the	Paying	Agent	and	the	Administrative	Agent	to	comply	with	their
obligations	under	FATCA	and	to	determine	that	such	Recipient	has	complied	with	such
Recipient’s	obligations	under	FATCA	or	to	determine	the	amount	to	deduct	and	withhold	from
such	payment.		Solely	for	purposes	of	this	clause	(D),	“FATCA”	shall	include	any	amendments
made	to	FATCA	after	the	date	of	this	Agreement.		
Any	Administrative	Agent	or	Group	Agent	that	is	a	U.S.	Person	shall	deliver	to	the	Borrower	and	the	Servicer
executed	originals	of	IRS	Form	W-9	certifying	that	such	Person	is	exempt	from	U.S.	federal	backup	withholding	tax	(in	each
case,	if	such	form	was	not	provided	pursuant	to	
Section	11.02(f)(ii)(A)
	above).		Any	Administrative	Agent	or	Group	Agent	that
is	not	a	U.S.	Person	shall	deliver	to	the	Borrower	and	the	Servicer	(and	in	the	case	of	a	Group	Agent,	to	the	Administrative
Agent)	two	duly	completed	executed	originals	of	Form	W-8IMY	certifying	that	it	is	a	“U.S.	branch”	and	that	the	payments	it
receives	for	the	account	of	others	hereunder	are	not	effectively	connected	with	the	conduct	of	its	trade	or	business	in	the
United	States	and	that	such	Form	W-8IMY	evidences	its	agreement	with	the	Borrower	to	be	treated	as	a	“United	States
person”	with	respect	to	such	payments	(in	each	case,	pursuant	to	Treasury	Regulation	section	1.1441-1T(b)(2)(iv)).
Each	Recipient	agrees	that	if	any	form	or	certification	it	previously	delivered	expires	or	becomes	obsolete	or
inaccurate	in	any	respect,	it	shall	update	such	form	or	certification	or	promptly	notify	the	Borrower	and	the	Administrative
Agent	in	writing	of	its	legal	inability	to	do	so.
(rr)
Section	11.05
	of	the	Loan	Agreement	is	hereby	amended	by	deleting	
Section	11.05
	in	its
entirety	and	inserting	in	lieu	thereof	a	new	
Section	11.05
	in	its	entirety	reading	as	follows:
“
Other	Costs	and	Expenses
.		The	Borrower	shall	pay	on	the	first	Payment	Date	which	is	at	least	ten	(10)
Business	Days	after	demand	therefor,	all	actual	and	reasonable	documented	costs	and	expenses	of	(i)	the	Lender	Parties	and
the	Paying	Agent	in	connection	with
23
[***]	
Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has
been	requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
the	administration	or	amendment	of	this	Agreement,	the	other	Transaction	Documents	and	the	other	documents	to	be
delivered	hereunder,	including	reasonable	and	documented	fees	and	out-of-pocket	expenses	of	legal	counsel	for	the
Administrative	Agent	and	the	Paying	Agent,	and	the	actual	and	reasonable	documented	fees	and	expenses	incurred	by	any
Conduit	Lender	in	connection	with	the	transactions	contemplated	by	this	Agreement	in	obtaining	reaffirmation	by	any	Rating
Agency	of	its	rating	of	the	commercial	paper	notes	issued	by	such	Conduit	Lender	and	(ii)	the	Lender	Parties	and	the	Paying
Agent	in	connection	with	obtaining	advice	as	to	its	rights	and	remedies	under	this	Agreement	or	any	other	Transaction
Document	or	in	connection	with	the	enforcement	hereof	or	thereof,	including	reasonable	and	documented	counsel	fees	and
expenses	of	each	such	P
erson	in	connection	therewith.”
(ss)
Section	12.01
	of	the	Loan	Agreement	is	hereby	amended	by	adding	at	the	end	thereof	a	new
sentence	reading	as	follows:
“The	provisions	of	Article	IX	shall	survive	the	termination	of	this	Agreement	and	the	resignation	or
removal	of	the	Administrative	Agent	or	the	Paying	Agent.”
(tt)
Section	12.02
	of	the	Loan	Agreement	is	hereby	amended	as	follows:
(a)
in	clause	(a),	inserting	the	phrase	“,	the	Paying	Agent”	after	the	phrase	“No	failure	on
the	part	of	the	Group	Agents,	the	Conduit	Lenders,	the	Committed	Lenders”;	and
(b)
in	clause	(b),	at	the	end	of	the	first	sentence,	inserting	the	sentence	reading	as	follows:
“No	amendment,	waiver	or	consent	shall,	unless	in	writing	and	signed	by	the	Paying	Agent,
affect	the	rights	or	duties	of	the	Paying	Agent,	under	this	Agreement	or	any	other	Transaction	Documents.”.
(uu)
Section	12.05
	of	the	Loan	Agreement	is	hereby	amended	by	inserting	after	the	notice
contact	information	for	TFL	and	before		the	notice	contact	information	for	the	Administrative	Agent	the	contact	information
for	the	Paying	Agent	in	its	entirety	reading	as	follows:
If	to	the	Paying	Agent:
Deutsche	Bank	Trust	Company	Americas
Global	Securities	Services	(GSS)
100	Plaza	One,	8
th
	Floor
Mail	stop:	JCY03-0801
Jersey	City,	New	Jersey	07311-3901
Tel:	+1	(201)	593-8420
Fax:	+	(212)	553-2458
Email:	
Michele.hy.voon@db.com
	
(vv)
Section	12.10
	of	the	Loan	Agreement	is	hereby	amended	as	follows:
(a)
inserting	the	letter	“(a)”	before	the	word	“
Binding
.”;
24
[***]	
Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has
been	requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
(b)
in	clause	(b),	(A)	inserting	the	letter	“(A)”	after	the	phrase	“and	permitted	assigns”	and
before	“to	any”,	(B)	inserting	the	phrase	“Program	Provider	or	Affiliate	of	a”	after	the	phrase	“to	any”	and	before
the	phrase”	Program	Support	Provider	of	such	Conduit	Lender”,	(C)	inserting	the	phrase	“,	any	commercial	paper
issuer	supported	by	a	Program	Support	Provider”	after	the	phrase	“Program	Support	Provider	of	such	Conduit
Lender”	and	before	the	phrase	“or	any	collateral	agent	or	collateral	trustee”	and	(D)	inserting	the	letter	“(B)”	after
the	phrase	“restriction	of	any	kind	or”	and	before	the	phrase	“with	the	prior	written	consent	of	the	Borrower”;	and
(c)
in	clause	(e),	deleting	clause	(e)	in	its	entirety	and	inserting	in	lieu	thereof	the	term
“[Reserved].”
(ww)
Section	12.11
	of	the	Loan	Agreement	is	hereby	amended	as	follows:
(a)
inserting	the	phrase	“the	Paying	Agent,”	after	the	phrase	“The	Administrative	Agent,
each	Group	Agent,	each	Lender,”;
(b)
deleting	the	phrase	“(except	counsel	and	auditors)”	after	the	phrase	“such	information
to	outside	parties”;
(c)
after	the	phrase	“to,	or	for	the	account	of,	a	commercial	paper	issuer,”	and	before	the
phrase	“and	its	or	their	counsel	and	auditors,”,	inserting	the	sentence	reading	as	follows:
“any	person	acting	or	proposed	to	act	as	a	placement	agent,	dealer	or	investor	with	respect	to
any	commercial	paper	notes	issued	by	or	on	behalf	of	a	Conduit	Lender	(provided	that	any	confidential	information
provided	to	any	such	placement	agent,	dealer	or	investor	does	not	reveal	the	identity	of	the	Borrower,	TFL	or	any
Affiliate	thereto	and	is	limited	to	information	of	the	type	that	is	typically	provided	to	such	entities	by	asset	backed
commercial	paper	conduits)”;
(d)
after	the	phrase	“(d)	as	required	or	requested	by	an	Official	Body”	and	before	“or
pursuant	to	legal	process”,	inserting	the	phrase	reading	as	follows:
“,	regulatory,	self-regulatory	or	supervisory	authority	having	proper	jurisdiction”;	and
(e)
at	the	end	of	clause	(e),	deleting	word	“and”	and	inserting	in	lieu	thereof	the	phrase
reading	as	follows:
“(f)	to	its	attorneys,	accountants,	agents	and	Affiliates	on	a	need	to	know	basis	provided	that
each	such	person	to	whom	disclosure	is	made	shall	abide	by	the	confidentiality	provisions	of
this	
Section	12.11
	and	(g)”.
(xx)
Section	12.13
	of	the	Loan	Agreement	is	hereby	amended	and	restated	in	its	entirety	as
follows:
“SECTION	12.13
No	Petition.
25
[***]	
Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has
been	requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
(a)
Each	party	hereto	agrees,	prior	to	the	date	which	is	one	(1)	year	and	one	(1)	day	after	the
payment	in	full	of	all	indebtedness	for	borrowed	money	of	the	Borrower,	not	to	acquiesce,	petition	or	otherwise,	directly	or
indirectly,	invoke,	or	cause	the	Borrower	to	invoke,	the	process	of	any	Official	Body	for	the	purpose	of	(i)	commencing	or
sustaining	a	case	against	Borrower,	under	any	federal	or	state	bankruptcy,	insolvency	or	similar	law	(including	the
Bankruptcy	Code),	(ii)	appointing	a	receiver,	liquidator,	assignee,	trustee,	custodian,	sequestrator	or	other	similar	official	for
the	Borrower,	or	any	substantial	part	of	the	property	of	the	Borrower,	or	(iii)	ordering	the	winding	up	or	liquidation	of
	the
affairs	of	the	Borrower.
(b)
Each	party	hereto	agrees,	prior	to	the	date	which	is	one	(1)	year	and	one	(1)	day	after	the
payment	in	full	of	all	indebtedness	for	borrowed	money	of	any	Conduit	Lender,	not	to	acquiesce,	petition	or	otherwise,
directly	or	indirectly,	invoke,	or	cause	such	Conduit	Lender	to	invoke,	the	process	of	any	Official	Body	for	the	purpose	of	(i)
commencing	or	sustaining	a	case	against	such	Conduit	Lender,	under	any	federal	or	state	bankruptcy,	insolvency	or	similar
law	(including	the	Bankruptcy	Code	or	similar	law	in	another	jurisdiction),	(ii)	appointing	a	receiver,	liquidator,	assignee,
trustee,	custodian,	sequestrator	or	other	similar	official	for	such	Conduit	Lender,	or	any	substantial	part	of	the	property	of
such	Conduit	Lender,	or	(iii)	ordering	the	winding	up	or	liquidation	of	the	affairs	of	such	Conduit	Lender.”
(yy)
Section	12.18
	of	the	Loan	Agreement	is	hereby	amended	as	follows:
(a)
inserting	the	phrase	“,	the	Paying	Agent,	the	Administrative	Agent”	(A)	after	the	phrase
“or	any	of	their	Affiliates	against	any	Lender	Party,”	(B)	after	the	phrase	“No	claim	may	be	made	by	any	Lender
Party,”	and	(C)	after	the	phrase	“in	connection	therewith	and	each	Lender	Party,”;
(b)
deleting	the	word	“its”	and	inserting	the	phrase	“their	respective”	(A)	before	the
phrase	“Affiliates,	directors,	officers,	employees,	attorneys	or	agents	for	any	special,	indirect,	consequential	or
punitive	damages”	and	(B)	before	the	phrase	“Affiliates	against	the	Borrower,	TFL,	or	any	of	their	Affiliates,”	and
(c)
inserting	at	the	end	of	
Section	12.18
	a	new	sentence	in	its	entirety	reading	as	follows:
“In	no	event	shall	the	Paying	Agents	be	responsible	or	liable	for	special,	indirect,	punitive	or
consequential	loss	or	damage	of	any	kind	whatsoever	(including,	but	not	limited	to,	loss	of	profit)	irrespective	of
whether	the	Paying	Agent	has	been	advised	of	the	likelihood	of	such	loss	or	damage	and	regardless	of	the	form	of
action.”
(zz)
Section	12.22
	is	hereby	amended	by	deleting	Section	12.22	in	its	entirety	and	inserting	in
lieu	thereof	a	new	
Section	12.22
	in	its	entirety	reading	as	follows:
“
Limited	Recourse	Against	Conduit	Lenders.	
Notwithstanding	anything	in	this	Agreement	or	any	other
Transaction	Document	to	the	contrary,	no	Conduit	Lender	shall	have	any	obligation	to	pay	any	amount	required	to	be	paid	by
it	hereunder	or	thereunder	in	excess	of	any	amount	received	pursuant	to	this	Agreement	and	available	to	such	Conduit
Lender	after	paying	or	making	provision	for	the	payment	of	its	Short-Term	Notes.	All	payment	obligations	of	any	Conduit
26
[***]	
Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has
been	requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
Lender	hereunder	are	contingent	upon	the	availability	of	funds	received	pursuant	to	this	Agreement	in	excess	of	the	amounts
necessary	to	pay	Short-Term	Notes;	and	each	of	the	Borrower,	TFL	and	the	Secured	Parties	agrees	that	they	shall	not	have	a
claim	under	Section	101(5)	of	the	Bankruptcy	Code	(or	similar	law	in	another	jurisdiction)	if	and	to	the	extent	that	any	such
payment
	obligation	exceeds	the	amount	
received	
pursuant	to	this	Agreement	and
	available	to	any	Conduit	Lender	to	pay
such	amounts	after	paying	or	making	provision	for	the	payment	of	its	Short-Term	Notes.	
Notwithstanding	the	foregoing,	the
obligations	of	a	Conduit	Lender	to	the	Borrower	or	TFL	resulting	from	the	gross	negligence	or	willful	misconduct	of	such
Conduit	Lender	(as	finally	determined	by	a	court	of	competent	jurisdiction)	or	for	any	expenses	incurred	by	the	Borrower	or
TFL	as	a	result	of	a	breach	of	this	Agreement	made	by	a	Conduit	Lender	shall	not	be	limited	to	any	amounts	or	funds
received	pursuant	to	this	Agreement	(but	shall	only	be	limited	to	the	amounts	available	to	such	Conduit	Lender	after	paying
or	making	provision	for	the	payment	of	its	Short	Term	Notes).”
(aaa)
Section	12.24
	of	the	Loan	Agreement	is	hereby	inserted	to	the	end	of	
Article	XII
	in	its
entirety	reading	as	follows:
“
U.S.	Patriot	Act
.	In	order	to	comply	with	the	laws,	rules,	regulations	and	executive	orders	in	effect	from
time	to	time	applicable	to	banking	institutions,	including,	without	limitation,	those	relating	to	the	funding	of
terrorist	activities	and	money	laundering,	including	Section	326	of	the	USA	PATRIOT	Act	of	the	United	States
(“Applicable	Law”),	the	Paying	Agent	is	required	to	obtain,	verify,	record	and	update	certain	information	relating
to	individuals	and	entities	which	maintain	a	business	relationship	with	the	Paying	Agent.	Accordingly,	each	of	the
parties	agree	to	provide	to	the	Paying	Agent,	upon	its	request	from	time	to	time	such	identifying	information	and
documentation	as	may	be	available	for	such	party	in	order	to	enable	the	Paying	Agent	to	comply	with	Applicable
Law.	The	Paying	Agent	will	follow	its	typical	Know	Your	Customer	(KYC)	process	on	any	other	entity	which
becomes	a	party	to	this	Agreement	(through	assignment	or	otherwise)	prior	to	processing	any	instructions	from
such	entity.”
(bbb)
Schedules	6,	8	and	9	to	the	Loan	Agreement	are	hereby	amended	and	restated	in	their
entirety	as	set	forth	on	Schedules	6,	8	and	9	to	this	Amendment.
2.
Joinder	of	New	Groups
.	The	parties	hereto	acknowledge	and	agree	that,	effective	as	of	the	Amendment	Effective
Date	and	subject	to	the	satisfaction	of	the	conditions	precedent	set	forth	in	Section	5	below,	there	shall	be	created	four	(4)
new	Groups	under	the	Loan	Agreement	(each	a	“
New	Group
”	and	collectively,	the	“
New	Groups
”)	as	follows:	(i)	a	Group
consisting	of	Bank	of	America,	N.A.	(“
BANA
”),	as	a	Group	Agent	and	a	Committed	Lender;	(ii)	a	Group	consisting	of	Royal
Bank	of	Canada	(“
RBC
”)	as	a	Group	Agent	and	a	Committed	Lender	and	Lakeshore	Trust,	as	a	Conduit	Lender
(“
Lakeshore
”);	(iii)	a	Group	consisting	of	Credit	Suisse	AG,	New	York	Branch	(“
CSNY
”),	as	a	Group	Agent,	Credit	Suisse	AG,
Cayman	Islands	Branch,	as	a	Committed	Lender	(“
CSCI
”)	and	GIFS	Capital	Company	LLC,	as	a	Conduit	Lender	(“
GIFS
”)	and
(iv)	a	Group	consisting	of	Barclays	Bank	PLC	(“
BBPLC
”)	as	a	Group	Agent	and	Committed	Lender,	and	Salisbury	Receivables
Companies	LLC	(“
Salisbury
”),	as	a	Conduit	Lender.		Each	of	BANA,	RBC,	CSNY	and	BBPLC	in	its	capacity	as	a	new	Group
Agent	shall	be	referred	to	herein	individually	as	a	“New	Group	Agent”	and	collectively	as	the	“New	Group	Agents”;	each	of
BANA,	RBC,	CSCI	and	BBPLC	in	its	capacity	as	a	new	Committed	Lender	shall	be	referred	to
27
[***]	
Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has
been	requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
herein	individually	as	a	“New	Committed	Lender”	and	collectively	as	the	“New	Committed	Lenders”;	each	of	Lakeshore,
GIFS	and	Salisbury	shall	be	referred	to	herein	individually	as	a	“New	Conduit	Lender”	and	collectively	as	the	“New	Conduit
Lenders”	and	each	of	the	New	Group	Agents,	the	New	Committed	Lenders	and	the	New	Conduit	Lenders	shall	be	referred	to
herein	individually	as	a	“New	Party”	and	collectively	as	the	“New	Parties.”		By	executing	and	delivering	this	Amendment,
each	New	Party	confirms	to	and	agrees	with	the	Administrative	Agent,	the	Group	Agents	and	the	Lenders	as	follows:
(a)
none	of	the	Administrative	Agent,	the	Group	Agents	or	the	Lenders	makes	any	representation
or	warranty	or	assumes	any	responsibility	with	respect	to	any	statements,	warranties	or	representations	made	in	or
in	connection	with	the	Loan	Agreement	or	the	execution,	legality,	validity,	enforceability,	genuineness,	sufficiency
or	value	of	the	Loan	Agreement,	any	Transaction	Document	or	any	other	instrument	or	document	furnished
pursuant	thereto,	or	the	Collateral	or	the	financial	condition	of	Tesla,	Inc.,	TFL,	the	Trust,	the	Servicer	or	the
Borrower	or	the	performance	or	observance	by	TFL,	the	Trust,	the	Servicer	or	the	Borrower	of	any	of	their
respective	obligations	under	the	Loan	Agreement,	any	Transaction	Document	or	any	other	instrument	or	document
furnished	pursuant	thereto;
(b)
each	New	Party	confirms	that	it	has	received	a	copy	of	such	documents	and	information	as	it
has	deemed	appropriate	to	make	its	own	credit	analysis	and	decision	to	enter	into	this	Amendment	and	become
party	to	the	Loan	Agreement;
(c)
each	New	Party	will,	independently	and	without	reliance	upon	the	Administrative	Agent,	any
Group	Agent	or	any	other	Lender	and	based	on	such	documents	and	information	as	it	shall	deem	appropriate	at	the
time,	continue	to	make	its	own	credit	decisions	in	taking	or	not	taking	action	under	the	Loan	Agreement;
(d)
the	New	Committed	Lender	in	each	New	Group	described	in	this	Section	2	appoints	and
authorizes	the	related	New	Group	Agent	specified	in	this	Section	2	to	take	such	action	as	agent	on	its	behalf	and	to
exercise	such	powers	under	the	Loan	Agreement	as	are	delegated	to	a	Group	Agent	by	the	terms	thereof,	together
with	such	powers	as	are	reasonably	incidental	thereto,	all	in	accordance	with	Article	X	of	the	Loan	Agreement;
(e)
each	New	Party	appoints	and	authorizes	each	of	the	Administrative	Agent	to	take	such	action
as	agent	on	its	behalf	and	to	exercise	such	powers	under	the	Agreement	as	are	delegated	to	the	Administrative
Agent	by	the	terms	thereof,	together	with	such	powers	as	are	reasonably	incidental	thereto,	all	in	accordance	with
Article	IX	of	the	Loan	Agreement;	and
(f)
each	New	Party	agrees	that	it	will	perform	in	accordance	with	the	terms	thereof	all	of	the
obligations	which	by	the	terms	of	the	Agreement	are	required	to	be	performed	by	it	as	a	Group	Agent,	a	Committed
Lender	or	a	Conduit	Lender,	as	applicable,	and	agrees	to	be	bound	by	and	subject	to	the	terms	of	the	Loan
Agreement	applicable	to	it	in	such	capacity	or	to	parties	thereto	generally.
28
[***]	
Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has
been	requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
3.
Reallocation	of	Loan	Balance
.	
The	parties	hereto	acknowledge	and	agree	that	in	connection	with	the	joinder	of
the	New	Groups,	on	the	Amendment	Effective	Date,	the	aggregate	Loan	Balance	shall	be	reallocated	such	that,	immediately
after	giving	effect	to	such	joinder,	the	portion	of	the	Loan	Balance	funded	by	each	Group	as	a	percentage	of	the	Loan
Balance	shall	be	equal	to	its	respective	Percentage.	Each	Lender	shall	make	the	payments	to,	or	receive	the	payments	from,
one	or	more	other	Lenders	as	specified	in	the	flow	of	funds	prepared	by	the	Administrative	Agent	and	acknowledged	and
agreed	to	by	the	Borrower	in	connection	with	this	Section	and	the	Borrower	acknowledges	and	agrees	that,	upon	the	receipt
by	each	applicable	Lender	of	such	payments,	each	New	Group	shall	be	deemed	to	have	made	Loans	to	the	Borrower	in	an
amount	equal	to	its	respective	Percentage	of	the	Loan	Balance.
4.
Appointment	of	Paying	Agent
.		The	Borrower	hereby	appoints	Deutsche	Bank	Trust	Company	Americas,	acting
through	its	office	at	60	Wall	Street,	New	York,	New	York	10005,	as	the	registrar	and	paying	agent	in	respect	of	the	Loans,
upon	the	terms	and	subject	to	the	conditions	set	forth	in	the	Loan	Agreement,	as	amended	on	the	date	hereof,	and	Deutsche
Bank	Trust	Company	Americas	hereby	accepts	such	appointment.	Effective	as	of	the	Amendment	Effective	Date,	Deutsche
Bank	Trust	Company	Americas	is	hereby	joined	as	a	party	to	the	Loan	Agreement.
5.
Conditions	Precedent
.	This	Amendment	shall	become	effective	as	of	the	date	hereof	(the	“
Amendment	Effective
Date
”)	upon	satisfaction	or	waiver	of	the	following	conditions	precedent:
(a)
the	receipt	by	the	Administrative	Agent	or	its	counsel	of	counterpart	signature	pages	to	this
Amendment	and	each	other	document,	certificate	and	opinion	to	be	executed	or	delivered	in	connection	with	this
Amendment,	as	more	fully	described	on	Exhibit	A	hereto;
(b)
each	Group	Agent	shall	have	received,	for	the	benefit	of	the	Lenders	in	its	related	Group,	the
“Upfront	Fee”	in	accordance	with	and	as	defined	in	the	Amended	and	Restated	Fee	Letter,	dated	as	of	the	date
hereof,	by	and	among	the	Borrower,	the	Group	Agents	and	the	Administrative	Agent;
(c)
no	Default,	Event	of	Default	or	Potential	Servicer	Default	shall	have	occurred	or	be
continuing,	the	Termination	Date	shall	not	have	occurred	and	no	Event	of	Bankruptcy	shall	have	occurred	with
respect	to	TFL	or	Tesla,	Inc.;	and
(d)
the	Administrative	Agent,	the	Paying	Agent	and	each	Group	Agent	shall	have	received	such
other	documents,	instruments	and	agreements	as	the	Administrative	Agent,	the	Paying	Agent	or	such	Group	Agent
may	have	reasonably	requested.
6.
Representations	and	Warranties	of	the	Borrower
.		The	Borrower	hereby	represents	and	warrants	to	the
Administrative	Agent,	each	Group	Agent,	each	Lender	and	the	Paying	Agent	as	of	the	date	hereof	that:
(a)
This	Amendment	and	the	Loan	Agreement,	as	amended	hereby,	constitute	the	legal,	valid	and
binding	obligations	of	the	Borrower	and	are	enforceable	against	the
29
[***]	
Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has
been	requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
Borrower	
in	accordance	with	their	respective	terms,	except	as	such	enforcement	may	be	limited	by	applicable
bankruptcy,	insolvency,	reorganization	or	other	similar	laws	relating	to	or	limiting	creditors’	rights	generally	and
by	general	principles	of	equity	(regardless	of	whether	enforcement	is	sought	in	a	proceeding	in	equity	or	at	law).
(b)
Upon	the	effectiveness	of	this	Amendment,	the	Borrower	hereby	affirms	that	all
representations	and	warranties	made	by	it	in	Article	IV	of	the	Loan	Agreement,	as	amended,	are	correct	in	all
material	respects	on	the	date	hereof	as	though	made	as	of	the	effective	date	of	this	Amendment,	unless	and	to	the
extent	that	any	such	representation	and	warranty	is	stated	to	relate	solely	to	an	earlier	date,	in	which	case	such
representation	and	warranty	shall	have	been	true	and	correct	in	all	material	respects	as	of	such	earlier	date.
(c)
As	of	the	date	hereof,	no	Default,	Event	of	Default	or	Potential	Servicer	Default	shall	have
occurred	or	be	continuing,	the	Termination	Date	shall	not	have	occurred	and	no	Event	of	Bankruptcy	shall	have
occurred	with	respect	to	TFL	or	Tesla,	Inc.
7.
Reference	to	and	Effect	on	the	Loan	Agreement
.
(a)
Upon	the	effectiveness	of	Section	1	hereof,	each	reference	in	the	Loan	Agreement	to	“this
Agreement”,	“hereunder”,	“hereof”,	“herein”	or	words	of	like	import	shall	mean	and	be	a	reference	to	the	Loan
Agreement	as	amended	hereby.
(b)
The	Loan	Agreement,	as	amended	hereby,	and	all	other	documents,	instruments	and
agreements	executed	and/or	delivered	in	connection	therewith,	shall	remain	in	full	force	and	effect	until	hereafter
terminated	in	accordance	with	their	respective	terms,	and	the	Loan	Agreement	and	such	documents,	instruments
and	agreements	are	hereby	ratified	and	confirmed.
(c)
Except	as	expressly	provided	herein,	the	execution,	delivery	and	effectiveness	of	this
Amendment	shall	not	operate	as	a	waiver	of	any	right,	power	or	remedy	of	the	Administrative	Agent,	any	Agent	or
any	Lender,	nor	constitute	a	waiver	of	any	provision	of	the	Loan	Agreement	or	any	other	documents,	instruments
and	agreements	executed	and/or	delivered	in	connection	therewith.
8.
Costs	and	Expenses
.		The	Borrower	agrees	to	pay	all	reasonable	and	actual	costs,	fees,	and	out‑of‑pocket
expenses	(including	the	reasonable	attorneys’	fees,	costs	and	expenses	of	Sidley	Austin	LLP,	counsel	to	the	Administrative
Agent,	the	Group	Agents	and	the	Lenders	and	Nixon	Peabody	LLP,	counsel	to	the	Paying	Agent)	incurred	by	the
Administrative	Agent,	each	Group	Agent,	each	Lender	and	the	Paying	Agent	in	connection	with	the	preparation,	execution
and	enforcement	of	this	Amendment.
9.
GOVERNING	LAW
.		THIS	AMENDMENT	SHALL	BE	GOVERNED	BY,	AND	CONSTRUED	IN	ACCORDANCE
WITH,	THE	LAWS	OF	THE	STATE	OF	NEW	YORK	WITHOUT	REFERENCE	TO	ITS	CONFLICTS	OF	LAWS	PROVISIONS
(OTHER	THAN	SECTIONS	5-1401	AND	5-1402	OF	THE	NEW	YORK	GENERAL	OBLIGATIONS	LAW).
30
[***]	
Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has
been	requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
10.
Headings
.		Section	headings	in	this	Amendment	are	included	herein	for	convenience	of	reference	only	and	shall
not	constitute	a	part	of	this	Amendment	for	any	other	purpose.
11.
Counterparts
.		This	Amendment	may	be	executed	by	one	or	more	of	the	parties	to	the	Amendment	on	any
number	of	separate	counterparts	and	all	of	said	counterparts	taken	together	shall	be	deemed	to	constitute	one	and	the	same
instrument.		Delivery	of	an	executed	counterpart	of	a	signature	page	to	this	Amendment	by	facsimile	(transmitted	by
telecopier	or	by	email)	shall	be	effective	as	delivery	of	a	manually	executed	counterpart	of	this	Amendment.
	
Remainder	of	page	left	intentionally	blank
31
[***]	
Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has
been	requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
IN	WITNESS	WHEREOF,	the	parties	have	caused	this	Amendment	to	be	duly	executed	and	delivered	by	their	duly
authorized	signatories	as	of	the	date	first	above	written.
	
TESLA	2014	WAREHOUSE	SPV	LLC,
as	Borrower
	
	
By:	
/s/	Radford	Small
Name:	Radford	Small
Title:	Chief	Financial	Officer	/	Treasurer
	
	
Signature	Page	to	Amendment	No.	1	to	Amended	and	Restated	Loan	and	Security	Agreement
[***]	
Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has
been	requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.
	Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
DEUTSCHE	BANK	AG,	NEW	YORK	BRANCH
,
as	Administrative	Agent,	as	a	Group	Agent	and	as
a	Committed	Lender
	
	
By:	
/s/	Kevin	Fagan
Name:	Kevin	Fagan
Title:	Vice	President
	
By:	
/s/	Katherine	Bologna
Name:	Katherine	Bologna
Title:	Managing	Director
	
Signature	Page	to	Amendment	No.	1	to	Amended	and	Restated	Loan	and	Security	Agreement
[***]	
Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has
been	requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.
	Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
DEUTSCHE	BANK	NATIONAL	TRUST	COMPANY	FOR:
	
DEUTSCHE	BANK	TRUST	COMPANY	AMERICAS,
as	Paying	Agent
	
	
By:	
/s/	Michele	H.Y.	Voon
Name:	Michele	H.Y.	Voon
Title:	Vice	President
	
By:	
/s/	Susan	Barstock
Name:	Susan	Barstock
Title:	Vice	President
	
Signature	Page	to	Amendment	No.	1	to	Amended	and	Restated	Loan	and	Security	Agreement
[***]	
Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has
been	requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.
	Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
CITIBANK,	N.A.,
CITIBANK,	N.A.,
as	a	Group	Agent	and	as	a	Committed	Lender
	
	
By:	
/s/	Amy	Jo	Pitts
Name:	Amy	Jo	Pitts
Title:	Vice	President
	
CAFCO,	LLC,
as	Conduit	Lender
	
By:
Citibank,	N.A.,	as	Attorney-in-Fact
	
	
By:	
/s/	Amy	Jo	Pitts
Name:	Amy	Jo	Pitts
Title:	Vice	President
	
CHARTA,	LLC,
as	Conduit	Lender
	
By:
Citibank,	N.A.,	as	Attorney-in-Fact
	
	
By:	
/s/	Amy	Jo	Pitts
Name:	Amy	Jo	Pitts
Title:	Vice	President
	
Signature	Page	to	Amendment	No.	1	to	Amended	and	Restated	Loan	and	Security	Agreement
[***]	
Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has
been	requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.
	Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
CIESCO,	LLC,
as	Conduit	Lender
	
By:
Citibank,	N.A.,	as	Attorney-in-Fact
	
	
By:	
/s/	Amy	Jo	Pitts
Name:	Amy	Jo	Pitts
Title:	Vice	President
	
CRC	FUNDING,	LLC,
as	Conduit	Lender
	
By:
Citibank,	N.A.,	as	Attorney-in-Fact
	
	
By:	
/s/	Amy	Jo	Pitts
Name:	Amy	Jo	Pitts
Title:	Vice	President
	
	
Signature	Page	to	Amendment	No.	1	to	Amended	and	Restated	Loan	and	Security	Agreement
[***]	
Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has
been	requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.
	Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
BANK	OF	AMERICA,	N.A.,
as	a	Group	Agent	and	as	a	Committed	Lender
	
	
By:	
/s/	Rahra	Macaltao
Name:	Rahra	Macaltao
Title:	Director
	
Signature	Page	to	Amendment	No.	1	to	Amended	and	Restated	Loan	and	Security	Agreement
[***]	
Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has
been	requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.
	Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
ROYAL	BANK	OF	CANADA,
as	a	Group	Agent	and	as	a	Committed	Lender
	
	
By:	
/s/	Angela	Nimoh-Etsiakoh
Name:	Angela	Nimoh-Etsiakoh
Title:	Authorized	Signatory
	
By:	
/s/	Sofia	Shields
Name:	Sofia	Shields
Title:	Authorized	Signatory
	
	
LAKESHORE	TRUST
,
as	a	Conduit	Lender
	
	
By:	
/s/	Nur	Khan
Name:	Nur	Khan
Title:	Authorized	Signatory
	
Signature	Page	to	Amendment	No.	1	to	Amended	and	Restated	Loan	and	Security	Agreement
[***]	
Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has
been	requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.
	Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
CREDIT	SUISSE	AG,	NEW	YORK	BRANCH,
as	a	Group	Agent
	
	
By:	
/s/	Patrick	Duggan
Name:	Patrick	Duggan
Title:	Associate
	
By:	
/s/	Elie	Chau
Name:	Elie	Chau
Title:	Authorized	Signatory
	
	
CREDIT	SUISSE	AG,	CAYMAN	ISLANDS	BRANCH,
as	a	Committed	Lender
	
	
By:	
/s/	Patrick	Duggan
Name:	Patrick	Duggan
Title:	Authorized	Signatory
	
By:	
/s/	Elie	Chau
Name:	Elie	Chau
Title:	Authorized	Signatory
	
	
GIFS	CAPITAL	COMPANY	LLC,
as	a	Conduit	Lender
	
	
By:	
/s/	Thomas	J.	Irvin
Name:	Thomas	J.	Irvin
Title:	Manager
	
Signature	Page	to	Amendment	No.	1	to	Amended	and	Restated	Loan	and	Security	Agreement
[***]	
Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has
been	requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.
	Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
BARCLAYS	BANK	PLC,
as	a	Group	Agent
	
	
By:	
/s/	John	McCarthy
Name:	John	McCarthy
Title:	Director
	
	
SALISBURY	RECEIVABLES	COMPANY	LLC,
as	a	Conduit	Lender
	
By:		Barclays	Bank	PLC,	as	attorney-in-fact
	
	
By:	
/s/	John	McCarthy
Name:	John	McCarthy
Title:	Director
	
	
	
Signature	Page	to	Amendment	No.	1	to	Amended	and	Restated	Loan	and	Security	Agreement
[***]	
Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has
been	requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.
	Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
EXHIBIT	A
	
LIST	OF	CLOSING	DOCUMENTS
	
	
	
Document
Responsible	Party
1.
Amendment	No.	1	to	A&R	Loan	and	Security	Agreement
W&S
2.
Amended	and	Restated	Fee	Letter
Sidley
3.
Good	Standing	Certificate	for	Borrower	from	Secretary	of	State	of	Delaware
W&S
4.
Good	Standing	Certificate	for	Tesla	Finance	LLC	from	Secretary	of	State	of	Delaware
W&S
5.
Good	Standing	Certificate	for	Tesla	Lease	Trust	from	Secretary	of	State	of	Delaware
W&S
6.
Secretary’s	Certificate	of	Borrower:
(a)		Certificate	of	Formation
(b)		Limited	Liability	Company	Agreement
(c)		Resolutions
(d)		Incumbency
W&S
7.
Bring	down	UCC	lien	searches:
(a)	Tesla	Lease	Trust
(b)		TFL
(c)		Borrower
W&S
8.
Reliance	Letter	with	respect	to	Winston	&	Strawn	legal	opinions	regarding	security	interest	matters,
enforceability	and	corporate	matters,	true	sale	matters	and	non-consolidation	matters	issued	on	August	17,
2017
W&S
9.
Reliance	Letter	with	respect	to	RLF	legal	opinions	(4)	issued	on	August	17,	2017
RLF
10.
Reliance	Letter	with	respect	to	Tesla	in-house	opinion	issued	on	August	17,	2017
TFL
	
	
[***]	
Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has
been	requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
	
Schedule	6
	
	
Notice	Addresses
	
	
Borrower
:
	
c/o	Tesla,	Inc.
3500	Deer	Creek	Road
Palo	Alto,	CA	94304
Attention:	General	Counsel
	
With	a	copy	to
Tesla,	Inc.
3500	Deer	Creek	Road
Palo	Alto,	CA	94304
Attention:	Legal,	Finance
	
TFL
:
	
c/o	Tesla,	Inc.
3500	Deer	Creek	Road
Palo	Alto,	CA	94304
Attention:	General	Counsel
	
With	a	copy	to
Tesla,	Inc.
3500	Deer	Creek	Road
Palo	Alto,	CA	94304
Attention:	Legal,	Finance
	
Administrative	Agent
:
	
Deutsche	Bank	AG,	New	York	Branch
60	Wall	Street,	5
th
	Floor
New	York,	New	York	10005
Tel:	(212)	250-3001
Fax:	(212)	797-5300
Attention:	Katherine	Bologna
Email:	
abs.conduits@db.com
	and	
katherine.bologna@db.com
	
	
Deutsche	Bank	AG,	New	York	Branch,	as	Lender
:
	
[***]	
Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has
been	requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
Deutsche	Bank	AG,	New	York	Branch
60	Wall	Street,	5
th
	Floor
New	York,	New	York	10005
Tel:	(212)	250-3001
Fax:	(212)	797-5300
Attention:	Katherine	Bologna
Email:	
abs.conduits@db.com
	and	
katherine.bologna@db.com
	
Paying	Agent:
	
Deutsche	Bank	Trust	Company	Americas
Deutsche	Bank	National	Trust	Company
Global	Securities	Services	(GSS)
100	Plaza	One,	8th	Floor
Mail	stop:	JCY03-0801
Jersey	City,	New	Jersey	07311-3901
Tel:	+1	(201)	593-8420
Fax:	+1	(212)	553-2458
Email:	
michele.hy.voon@db.com
	
Citibank,	N.A.,	CAFCO	LLC,	CHARTA	LLC,	CIESCO,	LLC,	CRC	Funding	LLC,	
as	Lenders
:
	
c/o	Citibank,	N.A.
Global	Securitized	Products
750	Washington	Blvd.,	8
th
	Floor
Stamford,	CT	06901
Attention:	Robert	Kohl
Telephone:	203-975-6383
Email:	
Robert.kohl@citi.com
	
c/o	Citibank,	N.A.
Global	Loans	–	Conduit	Operations
1615	Brett	Road	Ops	Building	3
New	Castle,	DE	19720
Telephone:	302-323-3125
Email:	
conditoperations@citi.com
	
	
Credit	Suisse	AG,	New	York	Branch	/	Credit	Suisse	AG,	Cayman	Islands	Branch
:
	
c/o	Credit	Suisse	AG,	New	York	Branch
11	Madison	Avenue,	4th	Floor
New	York,	New	York	10010
Telephone:	212-325-0432
Attention:	Kenneth	Aiani
[***]	
Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has
been	requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
Email:	
kenneth.aiani@credit-suisse.com
;	
patrick.duggan@credit-suisse.com
;	
list.afconduitreports@credit-suisse.com
;
abcp.monitoring@credit-suisse.com
	
GIFS	Capital	Company
:
227	West	Monroe	Street,	Suite	4900
Chicago,	IL	60696
Telephone:	312-977-4588
Attention:	Mark	Matthews
Email:	
mark.matthews@guggenheimpartners.com
	
Royal	Bank	of	Canada	/	Lakeshore	Trust
:
	
c/o	RBC	Capital	Markets
200	Vesey	Street
New	York,	New	York	10281
Attention:	Angela	Nimoh
Telephone:	212-428-6296
Fax:	212-428-6308
Email:	
conduit.management@rbccm.com
;	
rgeoghegan@rbccm.com
;	
angela.nimoh@rbccm.com
;	
sofia.shields@rbccm.com
	
Barclays	Bank	PLC	/	Salisbury	Receivables	Company	LLC
:
	
c/o	Barclays	Bank	PLC
745	Seventh	Avenue,	5th	Floor
New	York,	New	York	10019
Telephone:	212-526-7161
Email:	
asgreports@barclays.com
;	
barcapconduitops@barclays.com
;	
john.j.mccarty@barclays.com
;
martin.attea@barclays.com
;	
jonathan.wu@barclays.com
;	
david.hisrchy@barclays.com
;	
eric.k.chang@barclays.com
;
eugene.golant@barclays.com
.
	
Bank	of	America,	N.A.
:
	
Bank	of	America,	N.A.
214	N.	Tryon	Street
Charlotte,	North	Carolina	28255
Attention:	Judith	Helms
Telephone:	980-387-1693
Email:	
judith.a.helms@baml.com
	
	
	
	
	
[***]	
Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has
been	requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
	
Schedule	8
	
	
Commitments	of	Lenders
	
Committed	Lender
Commitment
Deutsche	Bank	AG,	New	York	Branch
$139,397,947.21
Citibank,	N.A.
$139,397,947.21
Credit	Suisse	AG,	Cayman	Islands	Branch
$62,729,076.24
Royal	Bank	of	Canada
$61,567,426.68
Barclays	Bank	PLC
$61,567,426.68
Bank	of	America,	N.A.
$46,465,982.40
Total:
$511,125,806.42
	
	
[***]	
Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has
been	requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
Schedule	9
	
	
Short-Term	Note	Rate
	
	
The	Short-Term	Note	Rate	applicable	to	each	of	
CAFCO,	LLC,	CHARTA,	LLC,	CIESCO,	LLC,	CRC	Funding,	LLC
	for	any
Interest	Period	(or	portion	thereof),	shall	be	determined	as	follows:	(a)	to	the	extent	that	such	Conduit	Lender	funds	its
Percentage	of	the	Loan	Balance	during	such	Interest	Period	with	Short-Term	Notes,	the	per	annum	rate	equal	to	the
weighted	average	of	the	rates	at	which	all	Short-Term	Notes	issued	by	such	Conduit	Lender	to	fund	its	Percentage	of	the
Loan	Balance	during	such	Interest	Period	were	sold,	which	rates	include	all	dealer	commissions	and	other	costs	of	issuing
such	Short-Term	Notes,	whether	any	such	Short-Term	Notes	were	specifically	issued	to	fund	its	Percentage	of	the	Loan
Balance	or	are	allocated,	in	whole	or	in	part,	to	such	funding,	and	(b)	otherwise,	the	Bank	Interest	Rate.
	
The	Short-Term	Note	Rate	applicable	to	
Lakeshore	Trust	and	GIFS	Capital	Company	LLC
	means,	for	any	day	during	any
Interest	Period,	the	per	annum	rate	equivalent	to	(a)	the	rate	(expressed	as	a	percentage	and	an	interest	yield	equivalent
and	calculated	on	the	basis	of	a	360-day	year)	or,	if	more	than	one	rate,	the	weighted	average	thereof,	paid	or	payable	by
such	Conduit	Lender	from	time	to	time	as	interest	on	or	otherwise	in	respect	of	the	Short-Term	Notes	issued	by	such
Conduit	Lender	that	are	allocated,	in	whole	or	in	part,	by	such	Conduit’s	Lender’s	agent	to	fund	the	purchase	or
maintenance	of	the	Loans	outstanding	made	by	such	Conduit	Lender	(and	which	may	also,	in	the	case	of	a	pool-funded
conduit	Conduit	Lender,	be	allocated	in	part	to	the	funding	of	other	assets	of	such	Conduit	Lender	and	which	Short-Term
Notes	need	not	mature	on	the	last	day	of	any	Interest	Period)	during	such	Interest	Period	as	determined	by	such	Conduit
Lender’s	agent,	which	rates	shall	reflect	and	give	effect	to	(i)	certain	documentation	and	transaction	costs	(including,
without	limitation,	dealer	and	placement	agent	commissions,	and	incremental	carrying	costs	incurred	with	respect	to	Short-
Term	Notes	maturing	on	dates	other	than	those	on	which	corresponding	funds	are	received	by	such	Conduit	Lender)
associated	with	the	issuance	of	the	Conduit	Lender’s	Short-Term	Notes,	and	(ii)	other	borrowings	by	such	Conduit	Lender,
including	borrowings	to	fund	small	or	odd	dollar	amounts	that	are	not	easily	accommodated	in	the	commercial	paper	market,
solely	to	the	extent	such	amounts	are	allocated,	in	whole	or	in	part,	by	the	Conduit	Lender’s	agent	to	fund	such	Conduit
Lender’s	purchase	or	maintenance	of	the	Loans	outstanding	made	by	such	Conduit	Lender	during	such	Interest	Period;
provided,	that
,	if	any	component	of	such	rate	is	a	discount	rate,	in	calculating	the	applicable	“Short-Term	Note	Rate”	for
such	day,	such	Conduit	Lender’s	agent	shall	for	such	component	use	the	rate	resulting	from	converting	such	discount	rate	to
an	interest	bearing	equivalent	rate	per	annum.
	
The	Short-Term	Note	Rate	applicable	to	
Salisbury	Receivables	Company	LLC	
shall	mean,	for	each	day	during	an	Interest
Period,	the	greater	of	(x)	zero	and	(y)	the	weighted	average	rate	at	which	interest	or	discount	is	accruing	on	or	in	respect	of
the	Short-Term	Notes	with	respect	to	such	Conduit	Lender	allocated,	in	whole	or	in	part,	by	the	related	Agent,	to	fund	the
purchase	or	maintenance	of	such	portion	of	such	Loan	Balance	(including,	without	limitation,	any	interest	attributable	to	the
commissions	of	placement	agents	and	dealers	in	respect	of	such	Short-Term	Notes	and	any	costs	associated	with	funding
small	or	odd-lot	amounts,	to	the	extent	that	such
[***]	
Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has
been	requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
commissions	or	costs	are	allocated,	in	whole	or	in	part,	to	such	
Short-Term	Notes	
by	such	Agent);	
provided,	that
,
notwithstanding	anything	her
ein	to	the	contrary,	the	Short-Term	Note	Rate
	with	respect	to	Salisbury	Receivables	Company
LLC	shall,	at	the	election
	of	the	related	
Agent,	be	determined	by	such	Agent	by	appl
ication	of	this	definition	of	Short-Term
Note
	Rate	with	the	words	“short-term	promissory	notes	of	Sheffield	Receivables	Company	LLC”	replacing	the	words	“
Short-
Term	Notes	
with	respect	to	such	Conduit
	Lender
”
	or	“such	Short-Term	Notes”
	wherever	they	appear	herein.
	
	
	
	
[***]	
Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has
been	requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.
Exhibit	10.46
Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
EXECUTION	VERSION
AMENDMENT	NO.	1
TO
LOAN	AND	SECURITY	AGREEMENT
THIS	AMENDMENT	NO.	1	TO	LOAN	AND	SECURITY	AGREEMENT	(this	“
Amendment
”),	dated	as	of	October	18,
2017,	is	entered	into	by	and	among	LML	WAREHOUSE	SPV,	LLC,	a	Delaware	limited	liability	company	(the	“
Borrower
”),	the
Lenders	party	hereto,	the	Group	Agents	party	hereto,	DEUTSCHE	BANK	TRUST	COMPANY	AMERICAS,	a	New	York
banking	corporation,	as	paying	agent	(in	such	capacity,	the	“
Paying	Agent
”)	and	DEUTSCHE	BANK	AG,	NEW	YORK
BRANCH,	as	administrative	agent	(in	such	capacity,	the	“
Administrative	Agent
”)	and	is	made	in	respect	of	the	Loan	and
Security	Agreement,	dated	as	of	August	17,	2017	(the	“
Loan	Agreement
”)	among	the	Borrower,	Tesla	Finance	LLC,	a
Delaware	limited	liability	company	(“
TFL
”),	the	Lenders	party	thereto,	the	Group	Agents	party	thereto	and	the
Administrative	Agent.		Defined	terms	used	herein	and	not	otherwise	defined	herein	shall	have	the	respective	meanings	given
to	them	in	the	Loan	Agreement	as	amended	hereby.
WHEREAS,	the	Borrower,	the	Lenders,	the	Group	Agents	and	the	Administrative	Agent	have	agreed	to	amend	the
Loan	Agreement	on	the	terms	and	conditions	set	forth	herein;
NOW,	THEREFORE,	in	consideration	of	the	premises	set	forth	above,	and	for	other	good	and	valuable
consideration,	the	receipt	and	sufficiency	of	which	are	hereby	acknowledged,	the	Borrower,	the	Lenders,	the	Group	Agents,
the	Administrative	Agent	and	the	Paying	Agent	agree	as	follows:
1.
Amendments	to	Loan	Agreement
.		Effective	as	of	the	Amendment	Effective	Date	(as	defined	below)	and	subject	to
the	satisfaction	of	the	conditions	precedent	set	forth	in	
Section	5
	hereof,	the	Loan	Agreement	is	hereby	amended	as	follows:
(a)
Clauses	(ii)	and	(iii)	of	the	preamble	to	the	Loan	Agreement	are	amended	and	restated	in	their
entirety	as	follows:
“(ii)
Solely	for	purposes	of	Sections	
2.11
,	
2.12
,	
6.03
,	
12.01
,	
12.13
	and	
12.22
,	TESLA	FINANCE	LLC,
a	Delaware	limited	liability	company	(“
TFL
”);
(iii)
DEUTSCHE	BANK	TRUST	COMPANY	AMERICAS,	a	New	York	banking	corporation,	as	Paying
Agent;”
(b)
The	Loan	Agreement	is	hereby	amended	by	deleting	the	phrase	“RVPR”	in	each	case	it	appears
in	the	Loan	Agreement	and	inserting	in	each	case	in	lieu	thereof	the	phrase	“RVLR”.
(c)
The	Loan	Agreement	is	hereby	amended	by	deleting	the	phrase	“Residual	Value	Performance
Ratio”	in	each	case	it	appears	in	the	Loan	Agreement	and	inserting	in	each	case	in	lieu	thereof	the	phrase	“Residual	Value
Loss	Ratio”.
[***]	
Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has
been	requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
(d)
Section	1.
0
1
	of	the	
Loan
	Agreement	is	hereby	amended	by	adding	the	following	definitions
thereto	in	the	appropriate	alphabetical	order:
“
Amendment	No.	1	Effective	Date
”	shall	mean	October	18,	2017.
“
Authorized	Signatory
”	shall	have	the	meaning	set	forth	in	
Section	9.02
.
“
Extended	Lease
”	shall	mean	an	Eligible	Lease	as	to	which	the	original	Lease	Maturity	Date	has	been
extended.
“
Extended	Lease	Limit
”	shall	have	the	meaning	specified	in	the	Amended	and	Restated	Fee	Letter.
“
Paying	Agent
”	shall	mean	the	Person	appointed	as	such	pursuant	to	
Section	9.01
.
“
Paying	Agent	Account
”	shall	mean	the	account	with	such	name	established	and	maintained	pursuant	to
Section	2.06
.
“
TFL	Paying	Agent
”	shall	mean	the	“Paying	Agent,”	as	such	terms	defined	in	the	TFL	Warehouse	Agreement.
(e)
Section	1.01
	of	the	Loan	Agreement	is	amended	by	amending	the	definition	of	“Automotive
Lease	Guide”	as	follows:
(i)
deleting	from	clause	(a)	the	phrase	“each	Group	Agent”	and	inserting	in	lieu	thereof
the		phrase	“the	Required	Group	Agents”;	and
(ii)
inserting	at	the	end	of	clause	(b)	thereof	the	phrase	“and	the	Required	Group	Agents”.
(f)
Section	1.01
	of	the	Loan	Agreement	is	hereby	amended	by	(i)	adding	at	the	end	of	the	definition
of	“Eligible	Account”	the	phrase	“or	(iv)	a	segregated,	non-interest	bearing	trust	account	established	with	the	Paying	Agent”
and	(ii)	deleting	the	word	“or”	after	clause	(ii).
(g)
Section	1.01
	of	the	Loan	Agreement	is	hereby	amended	by	amending	the	definition	of	“Eligible
Lease”	as	follows:
(i)
deleting	the	number	“48”	from	clause	(vii)	thereof	and	inserting	in	lieu	thereof	the
number	“60”;	and
(ii)
deleting	clause	(xiii)	thereof	in	its	entirety	and	inserting	in	lieu	thereof	a	new	clause
(xiii)	restating	in	its	entirety	as	follows:
“(xiii)
(A)	the	original	Lease	Maturity	Date	has	not	been	extended	to	a	date
more	than	six	(6)	months	after	such	original	Lease	Maturity	Date	and,	if	such	original	Lease	Maturity	Date	has
been	extended,	such	extension	was	made	in	accordance	with	the	Credit	and	Collection	Policy	and,	at	the	time	of
such	extension,	there	were	no
2
[***]	
Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has
been	requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
more	than	three	scheduled	payments	remaining	under	such	Lease	and	all	scheduled	payments	due	by	the	related
Lessee	prior	to	the	date	of	such	extension	have	been	paid	in	full,	and	(B)	the	other	provisions	of	such	Lease	have
not	been	adjusted,	waived	or	modified,	in	each	case	in	any	material	respect,	except	in	accordance	with	the	Credit
and	Collection	Policy;
”
(h)
Section	1.01
	of	the	Loan	Agreement	is	hereby	amended	by	deleting	the	definition	“Eurodollar
Rate”	in	its	entirety	and	inserting	in	lieu	thereof	a	new	definition	of	“Eurodollar	Rate”	reading	in	its	entirety	as	follows:
“
Eurodollar	Rate
”		shall	mean:
(i)
with	respect	to	any	Lender	in	the	Group	for	which	Bank	of	America,	N.A.	is	the	Group	Agent,	for
each	day	during	any	Interest	Period,	the	rate	of	interest	per
	
annum	determined	by	Bank	of	America,	N.A.	based	on	the
London	interbank	offered	rate
	
administered	by	ICE	Benchmark	Administration	Limited	(or	any	other	Person	that	takes	over
the
	
administration	of	such	rate)	for	deposits	in	Dollars	in	minimum	amounts	of	at	least	$5,000,000
	
for	a	period	equal	to	one
month	(commencing	on	the	date	of	determination	of	such	interest	rate)
	
as	published	by	a	commercially	available	source
providing	quotations	of	such	rate	as	selected	by
	
Bank	of	America,	N.A.	from	time	to	time	at	approximately	11:00	a.m.
(London	time)	on	such
	
date	of	determination,	or,	if	such	date	is	not	a	Business	Day,	then	the	immediately	preceding
	
Business
Day	(rounded	upwards,	if	necessary,	to	the	nearest	1/100	of	1%);	provided,	that	if	the	foregoing	calculation	results	in	an
interest	rate	per	annum	that	is	less	than	zero	(0),	the	Eurodollar	Rate	determined	pursuant	to	this	clause	(i)	shall	be
	
deemed
to	be	zero	(0)	for	purposes	of	this	Agreement;
(ii)	with	respect	to	any	Lender	in	the	Group	for	which	Royal	Bank	of	Canada	is	the	Group	Agent	for	each
day	during	any	Interest	Period,	
(a)	the	rate	per	annum	(carried	out	to	the	fifth	decimal	place)	equal	to	the	rate	determined
by	Royal	Bank	of	Canada	to	be	the	offered	rate	that	appears	on	the	page	of	the	Reuters	Screen	on	such	day	that	displays	an
average	British	Bankers	Association	Interest	Settlement	Rate	(such	page	currently	being	LIBOR01)	for	deposits	in	United
States	dollars	with	a	term	equivalent	to	one	month;
	
(b)	in	the	event	the	rate	referenced	in	the	preceding	subsection	(a)	does
not	appear	on	such	page	or	service	or	such	page	or	service	shall	cease	to	be	available,	the	rate	per	annum	(carried	to	the
fifth	decimal	place)	equal	to	the	rate	determined	by	Royal	Bank	of	Canada	to	be	the	offered	rate	on	such	day	on	such	other
page	or	other	service	that	displays	an	average	British	Bankers	Association	Interest	Settlement	Rate	for	deposits	in	United
States	dollars	(or,	if	such	rate	is	not	available	on	a	successor	or	substitute	service,	such	comparable	rate	published	on	such
other	service	as	selected	by
	
Royal	Bank	of	Canada	from	time	to	time	for	purposes	of	providing	quotations	of	interest	rates
applicable	to	United	States	dollar	deposits	in	the	London	interbank	market)	with	a	term	equivalent	to	one	month;	or
	
(c)	in
the	event	the	rates	referenced	in	the	preceding	subsections	(a)	and	(b)	are	not	available,	the	rate	per	annum	determined	by
Royal	Bank	of	Canada	on	such	day	as	the	rate	of	interest	at	which	Dollar	deposits	(for	delivery	on	a	date	two	Business	days
later	than	such	day)	in	same	day	funds	in	the	approximate	amount	of	the	applicable	investment	to	be	funded	by	reference	to
the	LIBOR	Rate	and	with	a	term	equivalent	to	one	month	would	be	offered	by	its	London	Branch	to	major	banks	in	the
London	interbank	eurodollar	market	at	their	request;	or
3
[***]	
Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has
been	requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
(iii)	
with	respect	to	any	Lender	in	any	other	Group,	with	respect	to	an	Interest	Period,	an	interest	rate
per	annum	equal	to	the	rate	for	one-month	deposits	in	Dollars,	which	rate	is	designated	as	“LIBOR01”	on	the	Reuters	Money
3000	Service	as	of	11:00	a.m.,	London	time,	two	(2)	LIBOR	Business	Days	prior	to	the	first	day	of	such	Interest	Period;
provided,	however
,	that	(a)	in	the	event	that	no	such	rate	is	shown,	the	LIBOR	Rate	shall	be	determined	by	reference	to	such
other	comparable	available	service	for	displaying	Eurodollar	rates	as	may	be	reasonably	selected	by	the	Administrative
Agent;	(b)	in	the	event	that	the	rate	appearing	on	such	page	or	as	so	determined	by	the	Administrative	Agent	shall	be	less
than	zero,	such	rate	shall	be	deemed	to	be	zero	for	the	purposes	of	this	Agreement,	and	(c)	if	no	such	service	is	available,	the
LIBOR	Rate	shall	be	the	rate	per	annum	equal	to	the	average	(rounded	upward	to	the	nearest	1/100
th
	of	1%)	of	the	rate	at
which	the	Administrative	Agent	offers	deposits	in	Dollars	at	or	about	10:00	a.m.,	New	York	City	time,	two	(2)	LIBOR
Business	Days	prior	to	the	beginning	of	the	related	Interest	Period,	in	the	interbank	eurocurrency	market	where	the
eurocurrency	and	foreign	currency	and	exchange	operations	in	respect	of	its	Eurodollar	loans	are	then	being	conducted	for
delivery	on	the	first	day	of	such	Interest	Period	for	the	number	of	days	comprised	therein	and	in	an	amount	comparable	to
the	applicable	portion	of	the	Loan	Balance	to	be	accruing	interest	at	the	LIBOR	Rate	during	such	Interest	Period
.”
(i)
Section	1.01
	of	the	Loan	Agreement	is	hereby	amended	by	amending	the	definition	of	“Excess
Concentration	Amount”	as	follows:
(i)
inserting	at	the	beginning	of	clause	(ii)	thereof	the	phrase	“if	such	date	is	on	or	after
December	15,	2017,”;
(ii)
inserting	at	the	beginning	of	clause	(iii)	thereof	the	phrase	“if	such	date	is	on	or	after
March	15,	2018,”;
(iii)
deleting	at	the	end	of	clause	(vii)	thereof	the	word	“and”;
(iv)
adding	at	the	end	of	clause	(viii)	thereof	the	word	“and”;	and
(v)
adding	at	the	end	thereof	a	new	clause	(ix)	reading	in	its	entirety	as	follows:
“(ix)	the	aggregate	Securitization	Value	of	all	Warehouse	SUBI	Leases	that	are	Extended	Leases
exceeds	the	Extended	Lease	Limit.”
(j)
Section	1.01
	of	the	Loan	Agreement	is	hereby	amended	by	deleting	the	number	“$75,000,000”
from	the	definition	of	“Facility	Limit”	and	inserting	in	lieu	thereof	the	number	“$588,874,193.58”.
(k)
Section	1.01
	of	the	Loan	Agreement	is	amended	by	deleting	the	definition	“Fee	Letter”	in	its
entirety	and	inserting	in	lieu	thereof	the	following	definition	of	“Fee	Letter”	reading	in	its	entirety	as	follows:
“
Fee	Letter
”	shall	mean	the	Amended	and	Restated	Fee	Letter	dated	as	of	October	18,	2017	among	TFL,
the	Borrower,	the	Administrative	Agent,	the	Group	Agents	and	the
4
[***]	
Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has
been	requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
Lenders,	setting	forth	the	upfront	fee	and	certain	other	fees	and	expenses	payable	to	the	Administrative	Agent	and	the
Lenders	by	TFL	and	the	Borrower.
(l)
Section	1.01
	of	the	Loan	Agreement	is	hereby	amended	by	adding	the	phrase	“the	Paying
Agent,”	to	the	definition	of	“Indemnified	Parties”	immediately	after	the	phrase	“shall	mean	the	Administrative	Agent,	the
Group	Agents,	the	Lenders,”.
(m)
Section	1.01
	of	the	Loan	Agreement	is	hereby	amended	by	inserting	at	the	end	of	the	definition
of	“Lease	Maturity	Date”	the	phrase	“,	as	such	date	may	be	extended.”
(n)
Section	1.01
	of	the	Loan	Agreement	is	hereby	amended	by	deleting	the	definition	“Mark-to-
Market	MRM	Residual	Value”	in	its	entirety	and	inserting	in	lieu	thereof	a	new	definition	of	“Mark-to-Market	MRM	Residual
Value”	reading	in	its	entirety	as	follows:
“
Mark-to-Market	MRM	Residual	Value
”	shall	mean,	with	respect	to	any	Warehouse	SUBI	Leased	Vehicle
and	the	related	Lease,	as	of	any	date,	the	lesser	of	(i)	the	expected	value	of	such	Leased	Vehicle	at	the	related	Lease
Maturity	Date	using	a	residual	value	estimate	produced	by	Automotive	Lease	Guide	(assuming	that	the	vehicle	is	in
“average”	condition)	based	on	the	“Maximum	Residualizable	MSRP,”	which	consists	of	the	MSRP	of	the	typically	equipped
vehicle	and	value	adding	options,	giving	only	partial	credit	or	no	credit	for	those	options	that	add	little	or	no	value	to	the
resale	price	of	the	vehicle,	calculated	as	of	the	last	day	of	the	calendar	month	immediately	preceding	the	most	recent	Mark
to	Market	Adjustment	Date	prior	to	and,	if	applicable,	including	such	date	and	(ii)	the	residual	value	estimate	produced	by
Automotive	Lease	Guide	(based	as	above)	calculated	as	of	the	contract	date	of	the	related	Lease;	provided,	however,	that	if
the	contract	date	of	the	related	Lease	for	a	Warehouse	SUBI	Lease	is	after	the	last	day	of	the	calendar	month	immediately
preceding	the	most	recent	Mark-to-Market	Adjustment	Date,	as	of	any	date,	then	the	initial	Mark-to-Market	MRM	Residual
Value	for	such	Warehouse	SUBI	Lease	shall	be	equal	to	the	amount	in	clause	(ii)	above.”
(o)
Section	1.01
	of	the	Loan	Agreement	is	hereby	amended	by	deleting	the	number	“$600,000,000”
from	the	definition	of	“Maximum	Facility	Limit”	and	inserting	in	lieu	thereof	the	number	“$1,100,000,000.00”.
(p)
Section	1.01
	of	the	Loan	Agreement	is	hereby	amended	by	amending	the	definition	of	“Portfolio
Performance	Condition”	as	follows:
(i)
for	clause	(ii),	deleting	the	phrase	“less	than	[***]”	and	inserting	in	lieu	thereof	the
phrase	“greater	than	[***]”;	and
(ii)
for	clause	(y),	deleting	the	phrase	“greater	than	or	equal	to	[***]”	and	inserting	in	lieu
thereof	the	phrase	“less	than	or	equal	to	[***]”.
(q)
Section	1.01
	of	the	Loan	Agreement	is	hereby	amended	by	deleting	the	definition
“Rating	Agencies”	in	its	entirety	and	inserting	in	lieu	thereof	a	new	definition	of	“Rating	Agency”	reading	in	its	entirety	as
follows:
“
Rating	Agency
”	shall	mean	S&P,	Moody’s,	Fitch	Inc.,	DBRS,	Inc.,	Kroll	Bond	Rating	Agency	or	any	other
nationally	recognized	statistical	rating	organization.
5
[***]	
Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has
been	requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
(r)
Section	1.01
	of	the	
Loan
	Agreement	is	amended	by	
deleting	the	definition	“
Residual	Value
Performance	Ratio
”	in	its	entirety	and	inserting	in	lieu	thereof	a	new	definition	of	“Residual	Value	Loss	Ratio”	reading	in	its
entirety	as	follows:
“
Residual	Value	Loss	Ratio	
”	shall	mean,	for	any	RVLR	Calculation	Date,	and	with	respect	to	those
Warehouse	SUBI	Leases	which	reached	their	respective	Lease	Maturity	Dates	during	or	prior	to	such	three	consecutive
Settlement	Periods	and	for	which	Off-Lease	Residual	Value	Net	Liquidation	Proceeds	were	received	during	the	three
consecutive	Settlement	Periods	ended	on	the	last	day	of	the	calendar	month	immediately	preceding	such	RVLR	Calculation
Date,	a	fraction	expressed	as	a	percentage,	(a)	the	numerator	of	which	is	the	difference	between	the	aggregate	Base
Residual	Values	of	such	Warehouse	SUBI	Leases	and	the	aggregate	Off-Lease	Residual	Value	Net	Liquidation	Proceeds
received	with	respect	to	such	Warehouse	SUBI	Leases,	and	(b)	the	denominator	of	which	is	the	aggregate	Base	Residual
Values	of	such	Warehouse	SUBI	Leases.”
(s)
Section	1.01
	of	the	Loan	Agreement	is	hereby	amended	by	deleting	the	definition	“Responsible
Officer”	in	its	entirety	and	inserting	in	lieu	thereof	a	new	definition	of	“Responsible	Officer”	reading	in	its	entirety	as	follows:
“
Responsible	Officer
”	shall	mean	with	respect	to	(i)	the	Borrower	or	TFL,	any	of	the	president,	chief
executive	officer,	chief	financial	officer,	treasurer	or	any	vice	president	of	the	Borrower	or	TFL,	as	the	case	may	be	or	(ii)	the
Paying	Agent,	any	managing	director,	director,	vice	president,	assistant	vice	president,	associate	or	trust	officer	of	the
Paying	Agent	customarily	performing	functions	with	respect	to	corporate	trust	matters	and,	with	respect	to	a	particular
matter	under	this	Agreement,	any	other	officer	to	whom	such	matter	is	referred	because	of	such	officer’s	knowledge	of	and
familiarity	with	the	particular	subject,	in	each	case,	having	direct	responsibility	for	the	administration	of	this	Agreement.”
(t)
Section	1.01
	of	the	Loan	Agreement	is	hereby	amended	by	deleting	the	definition	“Short-Term
Notes”	in	its	entirety	and	inserting	in	lieu	thereof	a	new	definition	of	“Short-Term	Notes”	reading	in	its	entirety	as	follows:
“
Short-Term	Notes
”	shall	mean	the	short-term	commercial	paper	notes	issued	or	to	be	issued	by	or	on
behalf	of	a	Conduit	Lender	(or,	solely	in	the	case	of	Salisbury	Receivables	Company	LLC,	by	or	on	behalf	of	Sheffield
Receivables	Company	LLC)	to	fund	or	maintain	the	Loans	or	investments	in	other	financial	assets.”
(u)
Section	1.01
	of	the	Loan	Agreement	is	hereby	amended	by	moving	the	definition	of	“Tesla
Change	in	Control”	after	the	definition	of	“Termination	Date”	and	before	the	definition	of	“Tesla	Party”.
(v)
Section	1.01
	of	the	Loan	Agreement	is	hereby	amended	by	deleting	the	phrase	“at	the	time	of
the	origination	of	such	Lease”	from	the	definition	of	“TFL	Residual	Value”	thereof.
(w)
Section	1.01
	of	the	Loan	Agreement	is	hereby	amended	by	deleting	the	following	definitions:
“Mark	to	Market	Adjustment”	and	“Matured	Lease”.
6
[***]	
Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has
been	requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
(x)
Section	1.01
	of	the	
Loan
	Agreement	is	
hereby	
amended	by	
adding	the	phrase	“the	Paying
Agent,”	to	the	definition	of	“Withholding	Agent”	after	the	phrase	“shall	mean	the	Borrower,”	and	before	the	phrase	“and	the
Administrative	Agent”.
(y)
Section	2.01
	of	the	Loan	Agreement	is	hereby	amended	as	follows:
(i)
deleting	subclause	(i)	of	clause	(d)	in	its	entirety	and	inserting	in	lieu	thereof	a	new
subclause	(i)	reading	in	its	entirety	as	follows:
“at	least	two	(2)	Business	Days	preceding	each	Warehouse	SUBI	Lease	Allocation	Date	(or,	in
the	case	of	the	initial	Warehouse	SUBI	Lease	Allocation	Date,	on	the	Initial	Loan	Date),	the	Borrower	and	the
Servicer	shall	deliver	to	the	Administrative	Agent	an	executed	Notice	of	Warehouse	SUBI	Lease	Allocation	in
substantially	the	form	of	Exhibit	D	to	this	Agreement,	signed	by	an	Authorized	Signatory,	together	with	a	Pool	Cut
Report	as	to	the	related	Lease	Pool;”	and
(ii)
deleting	clause	(e)	in	its	entirety	and	inserting	in	lieu	thereof	new	clauses	(e),	(f),	(g),
(i)	and	(j)	reading	in	their	entirety	as	follows:
“(e)
If	any	Loan	Request	is	delivered	to	the	Administrative	Agent,	the	Group	Agents,	the	Lenders
and	the	Paying	Agent	after	noon,	New	York	City	time,	two	Business	Days	prior	to	the	proposed	Loan	Increase	Date,
such	Loan	Request	shall	be	deemed	to	be	received	prior	to	noon,	New	York	City	time,	on	the	next	succeeding
Business	Day	and	the	proposed	Loan	Increase	Date	of	such	proposed	Loan	shall	be	deemed	to	be	the	second
Business	Day	following	such	deemed	receipt.		Any	Loan	Request	shall	be	irrevocable	and	the	Borrower	may	not
request	that	more	than	one	Loan	be	funded	on	any	Business	Day.
(f)
If	a	Conduit	Lender	shall	have	elected	not	to	make	all	or	a	portion	of	such	Loan,	the	related
Committed	Lender	shall	make	available	on	the	applicable	Loan	Increase	Date	an	amount	equal	to	the	portion	of	the
Loan	that	such	Conduit	Lender	has	not	elected	to	fund.
(g)
Each	Group’s	ratable	share	of	a	Loan	shall	be	made	available	to	the	Paying	Agent,	subject	to	the
fulfillment	of	the	applicable	conditions	set	forth	in	Section	5.02,	at	or	prior	to	1:00	p.m.,	New	York	City	time,	on	the
applicable	Loan	Date,	by	deposit	of	immediately	available	funds	to	the	Paying	Agent	Account.	The	Paying	Agent
shall	promptly	notify	the	Borrower	in	the	event	that	any	Lender	either	fails	to	make	its	portion	of	such	funds
available	before	such	time	or	notifies	the	Paying	Agent	that	it	will	not	make	its	portion	of	such	funds	available
before	such	time.	Subject	to	the	fulfillment	of	the	applicable	conditions	set	forth	in	Section	5.02,	as	determined	by
the	Paying	Agent,	the	Paying	Agent	will	not	later	than	3:00	p.m.,	New	York	City	time,	on	such	Loan	Increase	Date
make	such	funds	available,	in	the	same	type	of	funds	received,	by	wire	transfer	thereof	to	the	account	specified	in
writing	by	the	Borrower.	If	any	Lender	makes	available	to	the	Paying	Agent	funds	for	any	Loan	to	be	made	by	such
Lender	as	provided	in	the	foregoing	provisions	of	this	Article,	and	such	funds	are	not	made	available	to	the
Borrower	by	the	Paying	Agent	because	the	conditions	to	the	applicable	Loan	set	forth	in
7
[***]	
Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has
been	requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
Section	5.02	are	not	satisfied	or	waived	in	accordance	with	the	terms	hereof,	the	Paying	Agent	shall	return	such
funds	(in	like	funds	as	received	from	such	Lender)	to	such	Lender,	without	interest.
(h)
In	the	event	that,	notwithstanding	the	fulfillment	of	the	applicable	conditions	set	forth	in	Section
5.02	hereof	with	respect	to	a	Loan,	a	Conduit	Lender	elected	to	make	an	advance	on	a	Loan	Increase	Date	but
failed	to	make	its	portion	of	the	Loan	available	to	the	Paying	Agent	when	required	by	this	Section	2.01,	such
Conduit	Lender	shall	be	deemed	to	have	rescinded	its	election	to	make	such	advance,	and	neither	the	Borrower	nor
any	other	party	shall	have	any	claim	against	such	Conduit	Lender	by	reason	of	its	failure	to	timely	make	such
purchase.	In	any	such	case,	the	Paying	Agent	shall	give	notice	of	such	failure	not	later	than	1:30	p.m.,	New	York
City	time,	on	the	Loan	Increase	Date	to	the	Borrower,	which	notice	shall	specify	(i)	the	identity	of	such	Conduit
Lender	and	(ii)	the	amount	of	the	Loan	which	it	had	elected	but	failed	to	make.	Subject	to	receiving	such	notice,
the	related	Committed	Lender	shall	advance	a	portion	of	the	Loan	in	an	amount	equal	to	the	amount	described	in
clause	(ii)	above,	at	or	before	2:00	p.m.,	New	York	City	time,	on	such	Loan	Increase	Date	and	otherwise	in
accordance	with	this	Section	2.01.	Subject	to	the	Paying	Agent’s	receipt	of	such	funds,	the	Paying	Agent	will	not
later	than	4:00	p.m.,	New	York	City	time,	on	such	Loan	Increase	Date	make	such	funds	available,	in	the	same	type
of	funds	received,	by	wire	transfer	thereof	to	the	account	specified	in	writing	by	the	Borrower.
(i)
The	failure	of	any	Lender	to	make	any	Loan	required	to	be	made	by	it	shall	not	relieve	any	other
Lender	of	its	obligations	hereunder;	provided,	that	the	Commitments	of	the	Lenders	are	several	and	no	Lender
shall	be	responsible	for	any	other	Lender’s	failure	to	make	Loans	as	required.
(j)
After	the	Borrower	delivers	a	Loan	Request	pursuant	to	
Section	5.02
,	a	Lender	(or	its	Group
Agent)	may,	not	later	than	4:00	p.m.	(New	York	time)	on	the	Business	Day	after	the	Borrower’s	delivery	of	such
Loan	Request,	deliver	a	written	notice	(a	“
Delayed	Funding	Notice
”,	the	date	of	such	delivery,	the	“
Delayed
Funding	Notice	Date
”	and	such	Lender,	a	“
Delaying	Lender
”)	signed	by	an	Authorized	Signatory	to	the	Borrower,
the	Paying	Agent	and	the	Administrative	Agent	of	its	intention	to	fund	its	share	of	the	related	Loan	Increase	(such
share,	the	“
Delayed	Amount
”)	on	a	date	(the	date	of	such	funding,	the	“
Delayed	Funding	Date
”)	that	is	on	or	before
the	thirty-fifth	(35th)	day	following	the	date	of	the	proposed	Loan	Increase	Date	(or	if	such	day	is	not	a	Business
Day,	then	on	the	next	succeeding	Business	Day)	rather	than	on	the	requested	Loan	Increase	Date.		Any	Group
containing	a	Delaying	Lender	shall	be	referred	to	as	a	“
Delaying	Group
”	with	respect	to	such	Loan	Increase
Date.		On	each	Delayed	Funding	Date,	subject	to	the	satisfaction	of	the	conditions	set	forth	in	
Section	5.02
,	the
Committed	Lenders	shall	(or,	in	the	case	of	a	Group	with	a	Conduit	Lender,	the	Conduit	Lender	in	such	Group	may
in	its	sole	discretion)	fund	their	ratable	amounts	of	such	requested	Loans.		Notwithstanding	anything	to	the
contrary	contained	in	this	Agreement	or	any	other	Related	Document,	the	parties	acknowledge	and	agree	that	the
failure	of	any	Lender	to	fund	its	Loan	on	the	requested	Loan	Increase	Date	will	not	constitute	a	default	on	the	part
of	such	Lender	if	any	Delaying	Lender	has	timely	delivered	a	Delayed	Funding	Notice	signed	by	an	Authorized
Signatory	to	the	Borrower	with	respect	to	such	Loan
8
[***]	
Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has
been	requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
Request.	Nothing	contained	herein	shall	prevent	the	Borrower	from	revoking	any	Loan	Request	related	to	any
Delayed	Funding	Notice.”
(z)
Section	2.03
	of	the	Loan	Agreement	is	hereby	amended	as	follows:
(i)
inserting	the	phrase	“,	the	Paying	Agent”	after	the	phrase	“No	later	than	the	second
Business	Day	of	each	month,	each	Group	Agent	will	provide	the	Borrower,	the	Servicer,”;	and
(ii)
inserting	the	phrase	“each	Lender	in”	after	the	phrase	“(or	estimated	to	be	due)	to”
and	immediately	before	the	phrase	“its	Group	pursuant	to	this	Agreement”.
(aa)
Section	2.04(c)
	of	the	Loan	Agreement	is	hereby	amended	as	follows:
(i)
deleting	subclause	(iii)	in	its	entirety	and	inserting	in	lieu	thereof	a	new	subclause	(iii)
reading	in	its	entirety	as	follows:
“
third
,	on	a	
pari	passu
	basis,	(x)	to	the	Trustee	Bank	(to	the	extent	not	previously	paid	by	TFL),
for	the	payment	of	accrued	and	unpaid	fees	of	the	Trustee	Bank	of	$2,000	per	annum,	(y)	to	the	depositary
institutions	where	the	Reserve	Account	and	the	Warehouse	SUBI	Collection	Account	are	maintained	for	payment	of
accrued	and	unpaid	maintenance	fee	of	up	to	$275	per	month	per	account,	or	$450	per	month	per	account	during
the	continuance	of	an	Event	of	Default,	(z)	to	the	Back-Up	Servicer	for	the	payment	of	the	accrued	and	unpaid
Back-Up	Servicing	Fees	and	(xx)	to	the	Paying	Agent	for	the	payment	of	accrued	and	unpaid	fees	of	the	Paying
Agent	of	$875	per	month;”
(ii)
deleting	subclause	(iv)	in	its	entirety	and	inserting	in	lieu	thereof	a	new	subclause	(iv)
reading	in	its	entirety	as	follows:
“
fourth
,	on	a	
pari
	
passu
	basis,	(x)	to	the	Trustee	Bank	(to	the	extent	not	previously	paid	by	TFL),
for	the	payment	of	out-of-pocket	expenses	incurred	by	the	Trustee	Bank	and	the	indemnities	owed	to	the	Trustee
Bank
;	provided
,	that	the	aggregate	amount	distributed	pursuant	to	this	
subclause	(x)
	shall	not	exceed	$100,000	per
calendar	year;	(y)	to	the	Back-Up	Servicer	for	the	payment	of	out-of-pocket	expenses	incurred	by	the	Back-Up
Servicer	and	the	indemnities	owed	to	the	Back-Up	Servicer;	provided,	that	the	aggregate	amount	distributed
pursuant	to	this	
subclause
	(y)	shall	not	exceed	$25,000	per	calendar	year;	(z)	to	the	Paying	Agent	for	the	payment
of	out-of-pocket	expenses	incurred	by	the	Paying	Agent	and	the	indemnities	owed	to	the	Paying	Agent;	
provided
that	the	aggregate	amount	distributed	pursuant	to	subclause	(z)	shall	not	exceed	$25,000	per	calendar	year;”
(iii)
deleting	subclause	(v)	in	its	entirety	and	inserting	in	lieu	thereof	a	new	subclause	(v)
reading	in	its	entirety	as	follows:
“
fifth
,	on	a	
pari
	
passu
	basis	and	pro	rata	based	on	the	applicable	amounts	payable	under
subclauses	(x)
	and	
(y)
	of	this	
clause	fifth
,	(x)	to	the	Paying	Agent	(for	the
9
[***]	
Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has
been	requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
account	of	the	Lenders),	the	Interest	Distributable	Amount,	and	(y)	to	each	applicable	provider	of	an	Interest	Rate
Hedge,	any	Interest	Rate	Hedge	Payments	and	Interest	Rate	Hedge	Termination	Payment	required	to	be	paid	by
the	Borrower,	to	the	extent	not	previously	paid;
”
(iv)
deleting	subclause	(vi)	in	its	entirety	and	inserting	in	lieu	thereof	a	new	subclause	(vi)
reading	in	its	entirety	as	follows:
“
sixth
,	on	a	
pari
	
passu
	basis	and	pro	rata	to	the	Paying	Agent	(for	the	account	of	the	Lenders),	the
Principal	Distributable	Amount;”
(v)
for	subclause	(viii),	adding	at	the	end	thereof	the	phrase	“and	the	Paying	Agent;”;
(vi)
for	subclause	(ix),	inserting	the	phrase	“,	the	Paying	Agent”	after	the	phrase	“and	not
otherwise	paid	to	the	Trustee	Bank,	the	Back-up	Servicer”	and	before	the	phrase	“or	Successor	Servicer,”	and
(vii)
deleting	the	second	paragraph	after	subclause	(x)	and	before	clause	(d)	in	its	entirety
and	inserting	in	lieu	thereof	a	new	paragraph	reading	in	its	entirety	as	follows:
“In	approving	or	giving	any	distribution	instructions	under	this	
Section	2.04(c)
,	each	of	the	Administrative
Agent	and	the	Paying	Agent	shall	be	entitled	to	rely	conclusively	on	the	most	recent	Settlement	Statement	provided
to	it	pursuant	to	
Section	2.08
	and	shall	incur	no	liability	to	any	Person	in	connection	with	relying	on	such
Settlement	Statements
	
or	if	the	Administrative	Agent	or	the	Paying	Agent	makes	different	payments	or	makes	no
payments	if	the	Administrative	Agent	or	the	Paying	Agent	has	concerns	that	the	Settlement	Statement	might	be
incorrect.”.
(bb)
Section	2.05
	of	the	Loan	Agreement	is	hereby	amended	by	deleting	
Section	2.05
	in	its	entirety
and	inserting	in	lieu	thereof	a	new	
Section	2.05
	reading	in	its	entirety	as	follows:
“
Payments	and	Computations,	Etc
.		All	amounts	to	be	paid	or	deposited	by	the	Borrower	or	the	Servicer
to	a	Lender	Party	(whether	for	its	own	account	or	for	the	account	of	another	Lender	Party)	shall	be	paid	or	deposited	to	the
Paying	Agent	Account	no	later	than	10:00	a.m.	(New	York	time)	on	the	day	when	due	in	such	coin	or	currency	of	the	United
States	of	America	as	at	the	time	of	payment	shall	be	legal	tender	for	the	payment	of	public	and	private	debts,	in	an	amount
in	immediately	available	funds	which	(together	with	any	amounts	then	held	by	the	Paying	Agent	and	available	for	that
purpose)	shall	be	sufficient	to	pay	the	amount	becoming	due	on	such	date;	
provided	that
	any	such	payment	or	deposit
received	after	10:00	a.m.	(New	York	time)	on	any	day	shall	be	deemed	to	be	paid	by	the	Borrower	or	the	Servicer	on	the	next
Business	Day.	The	Paying	Agent	shall	promptly	distribute	the	amount	received	to	the	applicable	Lender.	The	Borrower	shall
confirm	by	facsimile	or	electronically	in	PDF	format	on	the	day	payment	is	due	to	be	made	to	the	Paying	Agent	that	it	has
issued	irrevocable	payment	instructions	for	the	transfer	of	the	relevant	sum	due	to	the	Paying	Agent	Account.	The	Paying
10
[***]	
Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has
been	requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
Agent	acknowledges	that	it	does	not	have	any	interest	in	any	such	funds	held	by	it	in	trust	deposited	hereunder	but	is
serving	as	Paying	Agent	only.		The	Paying	Agent	shall	be	under	no	liability	for	interest	on	any	money	received	by	it
hereunder.		The	Paying	Agent	shall	not	be	required	to	use	or	risk	its	own	funds	in	making	any	payment	on	the	Loans.		All
sums	to	be	paid	or	deposited	by	the	Borrower	or	the	Servicer	to	the	Paying	Agent	hereunder	shall	be	paid	to	the	Paying
Agent	Account	or	such	account	with	such	bank	as	the	Paying	Agent	may	from	time	to	time	notify	the	Borrower	in	writing	not
less	than	three	Business	Days	before	any	such	sum	is	due	and	payable.	The	Borrower	shall,	to	the	extent	permitted	by	law,
pay	to	each	Lender	Party,	on	the	first	Payment	Date	that	is	at	least	ten	(10)	days	after	demand	therefor,	interest	on	all
amounts	not	paid	or	deposited	when	due	to	such	Lender	Party	hereunder	at	a	rate	equal	to	the	Default	Rate.		The	Paying
Agent	shall	remit	funds	to	each	Lender	in	accordance	with	this	Agreement	and	the	wiring	instructions	provided	by	such
Lender	(or	its	related	Group	Agent)	to	the	Paying	Agent.
”
(cc)
Section	2.06
	of	the	Loan	Agreement	is	hereby	amended	as	follows:
(i)
inserting	the	phrase	“
and	Paying	Agent	Account
”	after	the	phrase	“Reserve	Account”	in
the	title	of	
Section	2.06
;
(ii)
re-alphabetizing	clause	(b)	to	clause	(c)	and	inserting	in	lieu	thereof	a	new	clause	(b)
reading	in	its	entirety	as	follows:
“The	Borrower	shall	cause	to	be	established	and	maintained	in	the	name	of	the	Borrower	for	the	benefit	of
the	Secured	Parties	with	the	Paying	Agent	an	Eligible	Account	as	the	Paying	Agent	Account.	Funds	on	deposit	in
the	Paying	Agent	Account	shall	remain	uninvested.”.
(dd)
Section	2.08
	of	the	Loan	Agreement	is	hereby	amended	as	follows:
(i)
inserting	the	phrase	“and	the	Paying	Agent”	after	the	phrase	“On	or	before	the
Determination	Date	in	each	month,	the	Servicer	shall	prepare	and	forward	to	the	Administrative	Agent”;	and
(ii)
deleting	subclause	(iii)	in	its	entirety	and	inserting	in	lieu	thereof	a	new	subclause	(iii)
in	its	entirety	as	follows:
“
each	Settlement	Statement	delivered	on	a	Quarterly	Report	Date	shall	include	a
calculation	of	the	most	recent	Mark-to-Market	MRM	Residual	Values	of	the	Warehouse	SUBI	Leases.”
(ee)
Section	2.09
	of	the	Loan	Agreement	is	hereby	amended	as	follows:
(i)
deleting	clause	(b)	in	its	entirety	and	inserting	in	lieu	thereof	a	new	clause	(b)	reading
in	its	entirety	as	follows:
“From	time	to	time	in	its	sole	discretion,	the	Borrower	may	provide	notice,	signed	by	an
Authorized	Signatory,	to	the	Administrative	Agent,	the	Paying	Agent	and	each	Group	Agent	that	it	wishes	to
remove	from	the	Collateral	and	reallocate	to	the	UTI
11
[***]	
Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has
been	requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
or	another	SUBI	(including	the	LML	SUBI)	the	Securitization	Take-Out	Collateral.		Any	such	removal	and
reallocation	of	Securitization	Take-Out	Collateral	(each	a	“
Securitization	Take-Out
”)	shall	be	subject	to	the
following	additional	terms	and	conditions.
”
(ii)
in	subclause	(b)(i)(A),	(A)	inserting	the	phrase	“,	the	Paying	Agent”	after	the	phrase
“The	Borrower	shall	have	given	the	Administrative	Agent”	and	(B)	inserting	the	phrase	“signed	by	an	Authorized
Signatory,”	after	the	phrase	“in	the	form	of	
Exhibit	F
	hereto”;
(iii)
in	subclause	(b)(vi),	(A)	deleting	the	term	“Administrative	Agent”	and	inserting	in	lieu
thereof	the	term	“Paying	Agent”,	(B)	inserting	the	phrase	“(for	the	account	of	the	Lenders)”	immediately	after	the
phrase	“On	the	related	Securitization	Take-Out	Date	the	Paying	Agent”	and	(C)	inserting	the	phrase	“in	the	Paying
Agent	Account”	after	the	phrase	“shall	have	received”	and	before	the	phrase	“,	in	immediately	available	funds,”;
and
(iv)
in	subclause	(b)(viii),	inserting	the	phrase	“and	the	Paying	Agent”	after	the	phrase
“(including	fees	and	expenses	of	counsel)	of	the	Lender	Parties”.
(ff)
Section	2.11
	of	the	Loan	Agreement	is	hereby	amended	as	follows:
(i)
in	subclause	(a)(i),	inserting	the	phrase	“signed	by	an	Authorized	Signatory”	after	the
phrase	“(such	notice,	“
Maximum	Facility	Limit	Increase	Notice
”)”;	and
(ii)
in	subclause	(b)(i),	inserting	the	phrase	“signed	by	an	Authorized	Signatory”	after	the
phrase	“(such	notice,	“
Maximum	Facility	Limit	Reduction	Notice
”)”.
(gg)
Section	2.12
	of	the	Loan	Agreement	is	hereby	amended	by	inserting	the	phrase	“signed	by	an
Authorized	Signatory”	in	subclause	(a)(i)	after	the	phrase	“(such	notice,	“
Maximum	Facility	Limit	Reallocation	Notice
”)”.
(hh)
Section	2.13
	of	the	Loan	Agreement	is	hereby	amended	by	inserting	the	phrase	“,	the	Paying
Agent”	after	the	phrase	“prior	notice	to	the	Administrative	Agent”	and	before	the	phrase	“and	each	Group	Agent,	provided
that	(i)”.
(ii)
Section	2.15
	of	the	Loan	Agreement	is	hereby	inserted	at	the	end	of	
Article	II
	reading	in	its
entirety	as	follows:
“SECTION	2.15	
Register
.
(a)
On	or	prior	to	the	Amendment	No.	1	Effective	Date,	the	Administrative	Agent	will
provide	to	the	Paying	Agent	a	complete	and	correct	list	of	the	Lenders,	which	list	shall	be	provided	in	a	format	agreed	to	by
the	Administrative	Agent	and	the	Paying	Agent	and	shall	include	the	following	information:	(i)	full	name	of	the	Lender;	(ii)
complete	mailing	address	of	the	Lender;	(iii)	payment	instructions	for	making	payments	to	the	Lender	in	respect	of	the	Loans
and	(iv)	appropriate	Tax	ID	form.		The	Paying	Agent	shall	be	entitled	to	conclusively
12
[***]	
Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has
been	requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
rely	on	the	accuracy	of	such	information	provided	by	the	Administrative	Agent.	At	any	time	after	the	Amendment	No.	1
Effective	Date,	the	Paying	Agent	shall	provide	to	the	Borrower,	TFL,	the	Administrative	Agent	or	any	Group	Agent	from	time
to	time	at	its	reasonable	request	a	complete	and	correct	list	of	the	Lenders	and	shall	include	the	following	information:	(i)
full	name	of	the	Lender;	(ii)	complete	mailing	address	of	the	Lender;	(iii)	payment	instructions	for	making	payments	to	the
Lender	in	respect	of	the	Loans	and	(iv)	appropriate	Tax	ID	form.	Each	Lender	agrees	that	all	notices	from	such	Lender	for
changes	of	name,	address,	contact	details	or	payment	details	of	the	Lenders	shall	be	sent	to	the	Paying	Agent	at	the	Paying
Agent’s	address	as	set	forth	in	Section	12.05.
(b)
From	and	after	the	Amendment	No.	1	Effective	Date,	the	Paying	Agent	shall,	acting
solely	for	this	purpose	as	an	agent	of	the	Borrower,	maintain	at	its	address	referred	to	in	Section	12.05	(or	such	other
address	of	the	Paying	Agent	notified	by	the	Paying	Agent	to	the	other	parties	hereto)	a	copy	of	each	Assignment	and
Acceptance	Agreement	delivered	to	and	accepted	by	it	and	a	register	for	the	recordation	of	the	names	and	addresses	of	the
Committed	Lenders	and	the	Conduit	Lenders,	the	Commitment	Amount	of	each	Committed	Lender	and	the	aggregate
outstanding	principal	amount	(and	stated	interest)	of	the	Loans	of	each	Conduit	Lender	and	Committed	Lender	from	time	to
time	(the	“
Register
”).		The	entries	in	the	Register	shall	be	conclusive	and	binding	for	all	purposes,	absent	manifest	error,	and
the	Borrower,	the	Servicer,	the	Administrative	Agent,	the	Paying	Agent,	the	Group	Agents,	the	Conduit	Lenders	and	the
Committed	Lenders	shall	treat	each	Person	whose	name	is	recorded	in	the	Register	as	a	Committed	Lender	or	Conduit
Lender,	as	the	case	may	be,	under	this	Agreement	for	all	purposes	of	this	Agreement.		Any	of	the	Borrower,	the	Servicer,	the
Administrative	Agent,	any	Group	Agent,	any	Conduit	Lender	or	any	Committed	Lender	may	request	a	copy	of	the	Register
from	the	Paying	Agent	at	any	reasonable	time	and	from	time	to	time	upon	reasonable	prior	notice.”
(jj)
Section	5.02
	of	the	Loan	Agreement	is	hereby	amended	as	follows:
(i)
deleting	clause	(d)	in	its	entirety	and	inserting	in	lieu	thereof	a	new	clause	(d)	reading
in	its	entirety	as	follows:
“At	least	two	(2)	Business	Days	preceding	each	Loan	Increase	Date	following	the	Initial	Loan
Date,	the	Borrower	shall	have	delivered	(i)	to	the	Administrative	Agent,	the	Paying	Agent,	each	Group	Agent	and
each	Lender	set	forth	on	the	Register	an	electronic	copy	of	(A)	a	Loan	Request	in	substantially	the	form	of	
Exhibit
A
	to	this	Agreement	(without	the	Pool	Cut	Report	referenced	therein)	and	(B)	if	such	Loan	Increase	Date	is	also	a
Warehouse	SUBI	Lease	Allocation	Date,	a	“Notice	of	Warehouse	SUBI	Lease	Allocation”	in	substantially	the	form	of
Exhibit	D
	to	this	Agreement,	and	(ii)	to	the	Administrative	Agent,	the	Paying	Agent	and	each	Group	Agent	(A)	a
duly	executed	copy	of	the	Loan	Request	and,	if	applicable,	the	Notice	of	Warehouse	SUBI	Lease	Allocation	given
pursuant	to	preceding	clause	(i)	(which	notice	may	be	delivered	by	email	with	hard	copy	to	follow	promptly)	and
(B)	a	Pool	Cut	Report	as	to	all	Leases	included	in	the	Warehouse	SUBI	(including	the	Lease	Pool	(if	any)	to	be
allocated	to	the	Warehouse	SUBI	on	such	Loan	Increase	Date	if	such	Loan	Increase	Date	is	a	Warehouse	SUBI
Lease	Allocation	Date);”;
13
[***]	
Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has
been	requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
(ii)
in	clause	(h),	adding	at	the	end	of	the	clause	the	phrase	“;	provided	that	the	Reserve
Account	may	be	funded	following	the	making	of	the	Loan	so	long	as	the	Reserve	Account	is	funded	on	the	same
date	as	of	the	Loan”;
(iii)
in	clause	(j),	adding	the	word	“and”	at	the	end	of	the	clause;	and
(iv)
deleting	clause	(k)	in	its	entirety	and	replacing	clause	(k)	with	the	former	clause	(l)	in
its	entirety.
(kk)
Section	6.03
	of	the	Loan	Agreement	is	hereby	amended	by	deleting	the	term	“Deutsche	Bank
AG,	New	York	Branch,	or	Citibank,	N.A.”	from	clause	(a)	and	inserting	in	lieu	thereof	the	phrase	“any	Lender	or	Group
Agent”.
(ll)
Section	8.01
	of	the	Loan	Agreement	is	hereby	amended	as	follows:
(i)
in	clause	(d),	deleting	the	word	“Administration”	and	inserting	in	lieu	thereof	the	word
“Administrative”	and
(ii)
in	clause	(k),	deleting	the	word	“less”	and	inserting	in	lieu	thereof	the	word	“greater”.
(mm)
Section	8.02
	of	the	Loan	Agreement	is	hereby	amending	by	deleting	the	phrase	“(g)	or	(h)
(due	to	a	Servicer	Default	under	clause	(f)	of	the	definition	thereof	in	
Section	1.1
	of	the	Warehouse	SUBI	Servicing
Agreement”	from	clause	(a)	and	inserting	in	lieu	thereof	the	letter	“(f)”.
(nn)
Article	IX
	of	the	Loan	Agreement	is	hereby	amended	by	deleting	
Article	IX
	in	its	entirety	and
inserting	in	lieu	thereof	a	new	
Article	IX
	reading	as	follows:
“
THE	ADMINISTRATIVE	AGENT	AND	THE	PAYING	AGENT
SECTION	9.01
		Authorization	and	Action
.		Each	Lender	hereby	appoints	and	authorizes	the
Administrative	Agent	to	take	such	action	as	agent	on	its	behalf	and	to	exercise	such	powers	under	this	Agreement	as	are
delegated	to	the	Administrative	Agent	by	the	terms	hereof,	together	with	such	powers	as	are	reasonably	incidental
thereto.		Effective	as	of	the	Amendment	No.	1	Effective	Date,	the	Borrower	hereby	appoints	Deutsche	Bank	Trust	Company
Americas,	acting	through	its	office	at	60	Wall	Street,	New	York,	New	York	10005,	as	the	registrar	and	paying	agent	in
respect	of	the	Loans	(together	with	any	successor	or	successors	as	such	registrar	and	paying	agent	qualified	and	appointed
in	accordance	with	this	Article	IX,	the	“
Paying	Agent
”),	upon	the	terms	and	subject	to	the	conditions	set	forth	herein,	and
Deutsche	Bank	Trust	Company	Americas	hereby	accepts	such	appointment.	The	Paying	Agent	shall	have	the	powers	and
authority	granted	to	and	conferred	upon	it	herein,	and	such	further	powers	and	authority	to	act	on	behalf	of	the	Borrower	as
the	Borrower	and	the	Paying	Agent	may	hereafter	mutually	agree	in	writing.		Neither	the	Administrative	Agent	nor	the
Paying	Agent	shall	have	any	duties	other	than	those	expressly	set	forth	in	the	Transaction	Documents,	and	no	implied
obligations	or	liabilities	shall	be	read	into	any	Transaction	Document,	or	otherwise	exist,	against	the	Administrative	Agent	or
the	Paying	Agent.		The	Administrative	Agent	and	the	Paying	Agent	do	not	assume,	nor	shall	either	of	them	be	deemed	to
have	assumed,	any	obligation	to,	or
14
[***]	
Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has
been	requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
relationship	of	trust	or	agency	with,	Tesla,	Inc.,	TFL,	LML	or	any	Tesla	Party,	the	Conduit	Lenders,	the	Committed	Lenders
or	the	Group	Agents,	except	for	any	obligations	expressly	set	forth	herein;	
provided	that
	all	funds	held	by	the	Paying	Agent
for	payment	of	principal	of	or	interest	(and	any	additional	amounts)	on	the	Loans	shall	be	held	in	trust	by	the	Paying	Agent,
and	applied	as	set	forth	herein.		Notwithstanding	any	provision	of	this	Agreement	or	any	other	Transaction	Document,	in	no
event	shall	the	Administrative	Agent	or	the	Paying	Agent	ever	be	required	to	take	any	action	which	exposes	the
Administrative	Agent	or	the	Paying	Agent,	respectively,		to	personal	liability	or	which	is	contrary	to	any	provision	of	any
Transaction	Document	or	applicable	law.
		Upon	receiving	a	notice,	report,	statement,	document	or	other	communication
from	the	Borrower	or	the	Servicer	pursuant	to	
Section	2.01(d)(i)
,	
Section	2.01(d)(iii)
,	
Section	2.08
,	
Section	6.03(a)
,	
Section
6.03(c)
	or	
Section	7.02(c)
,	the	Administrative	Agent	shall	promptly	deliver	to	each	Group	Agent	a	copy	of	such	notice,	report,
statement,	document	or	communication.	The	Administrative	Agent	shall	at	all	times	also	be	the	TFL	Administrative	Agent.
The	Paying	Agent	shall	at	all	times	also	be	the	TFL	Paying	Agent.	The	Paying	Agent	shall	be	under	no	obligation	to	exercise
any	of	the	rights	or	powers	vested	in	it	by	this	Agreement	at	the	request	or	direction	of	any	of	the	Borrower	or	the	Lenders,
unless	such	Borrower	or	Lender	shall	have	offered	to	the	Paying	Agent	security	or	indemnity	reasonably	satisfactory	to	the
Paying	Agent	against	the	costs,	expenses	and	liabilities	that	might	be	incurred	by	it	in	compliance	with	such	request	or
direction.		The	Paying	Agent	shall	not	be	responsible	for,	and	makes	no	representation	as	to	the	existence,	genuineness,
value	or	protection	of	any	Collateral,	for	the	legality,	effectiveness	or	sufficiency	of	any	documents	or	other	instruments,	or
for	the	creation,	perfection,	filing,	priority,	sufficiency	or	protection	of	any	liens	securing	the	Loans.		The	Paying	Agent	shall
incur	no	liability	for	not	performing	any	act	or	fulfilling	any	duty,	obligation	or	responsibility	hereunder	by	reason	of	any
occurrence	beyond	the	control	of	the	Paying	Agent	(including,	but	not	limited	to,	any	act	or	provision	of	any	present	or
future	law	or	regulation	or	governmental	authority,	any	act	of	God	or	war,	civil	unrest,	local	or	national	disturbance	or
disaster,	any	act	of	terrorism	or	the	unavailability	of	the	Federal	Reserve	Bank	wire	or	facsimile	or	other	wire	or
communication	facility).
SECTION	9.02		
Administrative	Agent’s	and	Paying	Agent’s	Reliance,	Etc
.		Neither	the	Administrative
Agent	nor	the	Paying	Agent	or	any	of	their	respective	directors,	officers,	agents	or	employees	shall	be	liable	for	any	action
taken	or	omitted	to	be	taken	by	it	or	them	as	Administrative	Agent	or	as	Paying	Agent	under	or	in	connection	with	this
Agreement	(including	the	Administrative	Agent’s	servicing,	administering	or	collecting	Warehouse	SUBI	Assets	in	the	event
it	replaces	the	Servicer	in	such	capacity	pursuant	to	
Article	VII
),	in	the	absence	of	its	or	their	own	gross	negligence	or	willful
misconduct.		Without	limiting	the	generality	of	the	foregoing,	each	of	the	Administrative	Agent	and	Paying	Agent:	(a)	may
consult	with	legal	counsel	(including	counsel	for	a	Group	Agent,	the	Borrower	or	the	Servicer),	independent	certified	public
accountants	and	other	experts	selected	by	it	and	shall	not	be	liable	for	any	action	taken	or	omitted	to	be	taken	in	good	faith
by	it	in	accordance	with	the	advice	of	such	counsel,	accountants	or	experts;	(b)	makes	no	warranty	or	representation	to	any
Group	Agent	or	Lender	(whether	written	or	oral)	and	shall	not	be	responsible	to	any	Group	Agent	or	Lender	for	any
statements,	warranties	or	representations	(whether	written	or	oral)	made	by	any	other	party	in	or	in	connection	with	this
Agreement;	(c)	shall	not	have	any	duty	to	ascertain	or	to	inquire	as	to	the	performance	or	observance	of	any	of	the	terms,
covenants	or	conditions	of	this	Agreement	on	the	part	of	any	Tesla	Party,	LML,	TFL	or	Tesla,	Inc.	or	to	inspect	the	property
(including	the	books	and	records)	of	any	Tesla	Party,	LML,	TFL	or	Tesla,	Inc.;	(d)	shall	not	be
15
[***]	
Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has
been	requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
responsible	to	any	Group	Agent	or	Lender	for	the	due	execution,	legality,	validity,	enforceability,	genuineness,	sufficiency	or
value	of	this	Agreement	or	any	other	instrument	or	document	furnished	pursuant	hereto;	and	(e)	shall	be	entitled	to	rely,	and
shall	be	fully	protected	in	so	relying,	upon	any	notice,	consent,	certificate,	report,	Settlement	Statement,	information,
direction	or	other	instrument	or	writing	(which	may	be	by	telecopier	or	electronic	mail)	signed	by	an	authorized	signatory	of
the	Borrower,	TFL,	the	Administrative	Agent,	any	Group	Agent	or	any	Lender,	respectively	(each,	an	“
Authorized	Signatory
”)
reasonably	believed	by	it	to	be	genuine	and	signed	or	sent	by	the	proper	party	or	parties.
SECTION	9.03		
Administrative	Agent	and	Paying	Agent	and	Their	Affiliates
.		With	respect	to	any	Loan	or
interests	therein	owned	by	any	Lender	that	is	also	the	Administrative	Agent	or	also	the	Paying	Agent,	such	Lender	shall	have
the	same	rights	and	powers	under	this	Agreement	as	any	other	Lender	and	may	exercise	the	same	as	though	it	were	not	the
Administrative	Agent.		The	Administrative	Agent,	the	Paying	Agent	and	any	of	their	respective	Affiliates	may	generally
engage	in	any	kind	of	business	with	Tesla,	Inc.,	TFL,	LML	and	each	Tesla	Party,	any	of	their	respective	Affiliates	and	any
Person	who	may	do	business	with	or	own	securities	of	Tesla.	Inc.,	TFL,	LML	or	any	Tesla	Party	or	any	of	their	respective
Affiliates,	all	as	if	the	Administrative	Agent	were	not	the	Administrative	Agent	and	as	if	the	Paying	Agent	were	not	the	Paying
Agent	hereunder	and	without	any	duty	to	account	therefor	to	any	other	Secured	Party.
SECTION	9.04		
Indemnification	of	Administrative	Agent	and	Paying	Agent
.		Each	Committed	Lender
agrees	to	indemnify	the	Administrative	Agent	and	the	Paying	Agent	(to	the	extent	not	reimbursed	by	the	Tesla	Parties),
ratably	according	to	the	respective	Percentage	of	such	Committed	Lender,	from	and	against	any	and	all	liabilities,
obligations,	losses,	damages,	penalties,	actions,	judgments,	suits,	costs,	expenses	or	disbursements	of	any	kind	or	nature
whatsoever	which	may	be	imposed	on,	incurred	by,	or	asserted	against	the	Administrative	Agent	or	the	Paying	Agent,	as
applicable,	in	any	way	relating	to	or	arising	out	of	this	Agreement	or	any	other	Transaction	Document	or	any	action	taken	or
omitted	by	the	Administrative	Agent	or	the	Paying	Agent	under	this	Agreement	or	any	other	Transaction	Document,
including,	without	limitation,	any	claim	commenced	by	the	Administrative	Agent	or	the	Paying	Agent	to	enforce	such
indemnification	obligation	and	any	liability,	obligation,	loss,	damage,	penalty,	action,	judgment,	suit,	cost,	expense	or
disbursement	of	any	kind	incurred	by	the	Administrative	Agent	or	the	Paying	Agent,	as	applicable,	in	connection	with	taking
action	or	omitting	to	take	any	action	at	the	direction	of	any	Group	Agent	or	Lender;	
provided
	that	no	Committed	Lender	shall
be	liable	for	any	portion	of	such	liabilities,	obligations,	losses,	damages,	penalties,	actions,	judgments,	suits,	costs,	expenses
or	disbursements	resulting	from	the	Administrative	Agent’s	or	the	Paying	Agent’s	gross	negligence	or	willful
misconduct.
		The	obligations	under	this	Section	shall	survive	the	termination	of	this	Agreement	and	the	resignation	or
removal	of	the	Administrative	Agent	or	Paying	Agent,	as	applicable.
SECTION	9.05		
Delegation	of	Duties
.		Each	of	the	Administrative	Agent	and	the	Paying	Agent	may
execute	any	of	their	respective	duties	through	agents	or	attorneys-in-fact	and	shall	each	be	entitled	to	advice	of	counsel
concerning	all	matters	pertaining	to	such	duties.		Neither	the	Administrative	Agent	nor	the	Paying	Agent	shall	be	responsible
for	the	negligence	or	misconduct	of	any	agents	or	attorneys-in-fact	selected	by	it	with	reasonable	care.
16
[***]	
Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has
been	requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
SECTION	9.06		
Action	or	Inaction	by	Administrative	Agent
	or	Paying	Agent
.	Each	of	the	Administrative
Agent	and	the	Paying	Agent	shall	in	all	cases	be	fully	justified	in	failing	or	refusing	to	take	action	under	any	Transaction
Document	unless	it	shall	first	receive	such	advice	or	concurrence	of	the	Group	Agents	and	assurance	of	its	indemnification
by	the	Committed	Lenders,	as	it	deems	appropriate.		Each	of	the	Administrative	Agent	and	the	Paying	Agent	shall	in	all	cases
be	fully	protected	in	acting,	or	in	refraining	from	acting,	under	this	Agreement	or	any	other	Transaction	Document	in
accordance	with	a	request	or	at	the	direction	of	the	Group	Agents	and	such	request	or	direction	and	any	action	taken	or
failure	to	act	pursuant	thereto	shall	be	binding	upon	all	Lenders	and	the	Group	Agents.
SECTION	9.07
		Notice	of	Certain	Information	or	Events	of	Default;	Action	by	Administrative	Agent	or
Paying	Agent
.		Neither	the	Administrative	Agent	nor	the	Paying	Agent	shall	be	deemed	to	have	knowledge	or	notice	of	any
fact,	claim	or	demand	or	the	occurrence	of	any	Servicer	Default,	Default	or	Event	of	Default	unless	the	Administrative	Agent
or	a	Reponsible	Officer	of	the	Paying	Agent	has	received	notice	from	any	Group	Agent,	Lender	or	the	Borrower	of	such	fact,
claim	or	demand	or	stating	that	a	Servicer	Default,	Default	or	Event	of	Default	has	occurred	hereunder	and	describing	such
Servicer	Default,	Default	or	Event	of	Default.		If	the	Administrative	Agent	or	a	Responsible	Officer	of	the	Paying	Agent
receives	such	a	notice,	either	shall	promptly	give	notice	thereof	to	each	Group	Agent,	whereupon	each	Group	Agent	shall
promptly	give	notice	thereof	to	its	respective	Conduit	Lender(s)	and	Related	Committed	Lenders.		The	Administrative	Agent
may	(but	shall	not	be	obligated	to)	take	such	action,	or	refrain	from	taking	such	action,	concerning	a	Servicer	Default,
Default	or	Event	of	Default	or	any	other	matter	hereunder	as	the	Administrative	Agent	deems	advisable	and	in	the	best
interests	of	the	Secured	Parties.
		Any	other	provision	of	this	Agreement	to	the	contrary	notwithstanding,	the	Paying	Agent
shall	have	no	notice	of	and	shall	not	be	bound	by	the	terms	and	conditions	of	any	other	document	or	agreement	unless	the
Paying	Agent	is	a	signatory	party	to	such	document	or	agreement.
SECTION	9.08		
Non-Reliance	on	Administrative	Agent,	Paying	Agent	and	Other	Parties
.		Each	Group
Agent	and	Lender	expressly	acknowledges	that	neither	the	Administrative	Agent	nor	the	Paying	Agent	or	any	of	their
respective	directors,	officers,	agents	or	employees	has	made	any	representations	or	warranties	to	it	and	that	no	act	by	the
Administrative	Agent	or	the	Paying	Agent	hereafter	taken,	including	any	review	of	the	affairs	of	Tesla,	Inc.,	TFL,	LML	and
the	Tesla	Parties,	shall	be	deemed	to	constitute	any	representation	or	warranty	by	the	Administrative	Agent	or	the	Paying
Agent.		Each	Lender	represents	and	warrants	to	each	of	the	Administrative	Agent	and	the	Paying	Agent	that,	independently
and	without	reliance	upon	either	the	Administrative	Agent,	the	Paying	Agent	or	any	Group	Agent	or	any	other	Lender	and
based	on	such	documents	and	information	as	it	has	deemed	appropriate,	it	has	made	and	will	continue	to	make	its	own
appraisal	of	and	investigation	into	the	business,	operations,	property,	prospects,	financial	and	other	conditions	and
creditworthiness	of	Tesla,	Inc.,	TFL,	LML	and	each	Tesla	Party	and	the	Warehouse	SUBI	Assets	and	its	own	decision	to	enter
into	this	Agreement	and	to	take,	or	omit,	action	under	any	Transaction	Document.		Except	for	items	expressly	required	to	be
delivered	under	any	Transaction	Document	by	either	the	Administrative	Agent	or	the	Paying	Agent,	as	applicable,	to	any
Group	Agent	or	Lender,	neither	the	Administrative	Agent	nor	the	Paying	Agent	shall	have	any	duty	or	responsibility	to
provide	any	Group	Agent	or	Lender	with	any	information	concerning	Tesla,	Inc.,	TFL,	LML	and	the	Tesla	Parties	or	any	of
their	Affiliates
17
[***]	
Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has
been	requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
that	comes	into	the	possession	of	the	Administrative	Agent,	the	Paying	Agent	or	any	of	their	respective	directors,	officers,
agents,	employees,	attorneys-in-fact	or	Affiliates.
SECTION	9.09		
Compensation
.	Each	of	the	Administrative	Agent	and	the	Paying	Agent	shall	be	entitled	to
the	compensation	to	be	agreed	upon	with	the	Borrower	in	writing,	as	may	be	amended	from	time	to	time	as	the	parties
hereto	may	agree,	for	all	services	rendered	by	it,	and	the	Borrower	agrees	promptly	to	pay	such	compensation	and	to
reimburse	the	Administrative	Agent	and	the	Paying	Agent	for	out-of-pocket	expenses	(including	legal	fees	and	expenses)
incurred	by	it	in	connection	with	the	services	rendered	by	it	hereunder,	as	and	to	the	extent	agreed	upon	with	the	Borrower
and	subject	to	the	terms	of	this	Agreement,	including	
Section	2.04	
.	The	obligations	of	the	Borrower	under	this	
Section	9.09
shall	survive	the	payment	of	the	Loans	and	the	resignation	or	removal	of	either	the	Administrative	Agent	or	the	Paying	Agent
and	the	termination	of	this	Agreement.
SECTION	9.10	
Authorized	Signatory
.	Except	as	otherwise	specifically	provided	herein,	any	order,
certificate,	notice,	request,	direction	or	other	communication	from	the	Borrower,	TFL,	the	Administrative	Agent,	any	Group
Agent	or	any	Lender	made	or	given	under	any	provision	of	this	Agreement,	shall	be	sufficient	if	signed	by	an	Authorized
Signatory.		From	time	to	time	the	Borrower	and	TFL	will	furnish	the	Paying	Agent	with	a	certificate	as	to	the	incumbency
and	specimen	signatures	of	persons	who	are	then	Authorized	Signatories.		Until	the	Paying	Agent	receives	a	subsequent
certificate	from	the	Borrower	or	TFL,	the	Paying	Agent	shall	be	entitled	to	conclusively	rely	on	the	last	such	certificate
delivered	to	them	for	purposes	of	determining	the	Authorized	Signatories.
SECTION	9.11		
Successor	Administrative	Agent	or	Paying	Agent
.
(a)
Resignation	of	Administrative	Agent
(i)
The	Administrative	Agent	may,	upon	at	least	thirty	(30)	days’	notice	to	the
Borrower,	the	Servicer	and	each	Group	Agent,	resign	as	Administrative	Agent;	provided	it	also	resigns	as	TFL
Administrative	Agent.		Except	as	provided	below,	such	resignation	shall	not	become	effective	until	a	successor
Administrative	Agent	is	appointed	by	the	Group	Agents	as	a	successor	Administrative	Agent	and	as	a	successor
TFL	Administrative	Agent	and	has	accepted	such	appointment.		If	no	successor	Administrative	Agent	shall	have
been	so	appointed	by	the	Group	Agents,	within	thirty	(30)	days	after	the	departing	Administrative	Agent’s
giving	of	notice	of	resignation,	the	departing	Administrative	Agent	may,	on	behalf	of	the	Secured	Parties,
appoint	a	successor	Administrative	Agent.		If	no	successor	Administrative	Agent	shall	have	been	so	appointed
by	the	Group	Agents	within	sixty	(60)	days	after	the	departing	Administrative	Agent’s	giving	of	notice	of
resignation,	the	departing	Administrative	Agent	may,	on	behalf	of	the	Group	Agents,	petition	a	court	of
competent	jurisdiction	to	appoint	a	successor	Administrative	Agent,	which	successor	Administrative	Agent	shall
be	either	(i)	a	commercial	bank	having	a	combined	capital	and	surplus	of	at	least	$250,000,000	and	short-term
debt	ratings	of	at	least	“A-1”	from	S&P	and	“P-1”	from	Moody’s	or	(ii)	an	Affiliate	of	such	an	institution,	and	in
either	case	shall	also	be	the	TFL	Administrative	Agent.
18
[***]	
Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has
been	requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
(b)
Resignation	or	Removal	of	Paying	Agent
(i)
The	Paying	Agent	may	at	any	time	resign	by	giving	written	notice	of	its
resignation	to	the	Borrower,	the	Administrative	Agent	and	the	Group	Agents	specifying	the	date	on	which	its
resignation	shall	become	effective,	subject	to	the	conditions	set	forth	below;	provided	that	such	date	shall	be	at
least	30	days	after	the	receipt	of	such	notice	by	the	Borrower,	the	Administrative	Agent	and	the	Group	Agents
unless	such	parties	agree	in	writing	to	accept	shorter	notice.			The	Borrower	may,	at	any	time	and	for	any
reason	with	the	written	consent	of	the	Administrative	Agent	and	upon	at	least	30	days	written	notice	to	that
effect	(provided	that	no	such	notice	shall	expire	less	than	15	days	before	or	15	days	after	any	Payment	Date)
remove	the	Paying	Agent	and	appoint	a	successor	Paying	Agent	by	written	instrument	in	duplicate	signed	on
behalf	of	the	Borrower,	one	copy	of	which	shall	be	delivered	to	the	Paying	Agent	being	removed	and	one	copy
to	the	successor	Paying	Agent.		Upon	resignation	or	removal,	the	Paying	Agent	shall	be	entitled	to	the	payment
by	the	Borrower	of	its	compensation	for	the	services	rendered	hereunder	and	to	the	reimbursement	of	all
reasonable	out-of-pocket	expenses	(including	reasonable	legal	fees	and	expenses)	incurred	in	connection	with
the	services	rendered	by	it	hereunder,	as	and	to	the	extent	agreed	upon	with	the	Borrower.
(ii)
In	case	at	any	time	the	Paying	Agent	shall	resign,	or	shall	be	removed,	or	shall
become	incapable	of	acting,	or	be	adjudged	bankrupt	or	insolvent,	or	shall	file	a	voluntary	petition	in
bankruptcy,	or	shall	make	an	assignment	for	the	benefit	of	its	creditors,	or	shall	consent	to	the	appointment	of
a	receiver	of	all	or	any	substantial	part	of	its	property,	or	shall	admit	in	writing	its	inability	to	pay	or	meet	its
debts	as	they	mature,	or	if	an	order	of	any	court	shall	be	entered	approving	any	petition	filed	by	or	against	it
under	the	provisions	of	any	applicable	bankruptcy	or	insolvency	law,	or	if	a	receiver	of	it	or	of	all	or	any
substantial	part	of	its	property	shall	be	appointed,	or	if	any	public	officer	shall	take	charge	or	control	of	it	or	of
its	property	or	affairs	for	the	purpose	of	rehabilitation,	conservation	or	liquidation,	a	successor	to	the	Paying
Agent	shall	be	appointed	by	the	Borrower	by	an	instrument	in	writing	that	is	consented	to	in	writing	by	the
Administrative	Agent	(which	consent	shall	not	be	unreasonably	withheld	or	delayed).		Upon	the	appointment	as
aforesaid	of	a	successor	to	the	Paying	Agent	and	acceptance	by	it	of	such	appointment,	the	Paying	Agent	so
superseded	shall	cease	to	be	Paying	Agent	hereunder.		If,	after	90	days	from	the	resignation	or	removal	of	the
Paying	Agent,	no	successor	to	such	Paying	Agent	shall	have	been	so	appointed,	or	if	so	appointed,	shall	not
have	accepted	appointment	as	hereinafter	provided,	any	Lender	or	Group	Agent,	or	such	Paying	Agent	(at	the
expense	of	the	Borrower)	may	petition	any	court	of	competent	jurisdiction	for	the	appointment	of	a	successor	to
such	Paying	Agent.
(iii)
Any	corporation	or	bank	into	which	the	Paying	Agent	may	be	merged	or
converted,	or	with	which	the	Paying	Agent	may	be	consolidated,	or	any	corporation	or	bank	resulting	from	any
merger,	conversion	or	consolidation	to	which	the	Paying	Agent	shall	be	a	party,	or	any	corporation	or	bank	to
which	the	Paying	Agent	shall	sell	or	otherwise	transfer	all	or	substantially	all	of	its	assets	and	business,	or	any
corporation	or	bank	succeeding	to	the	corporate	trust	business	of	the	Paying	Agent
19
[***]	
Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has
been	requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
shall	be	the	successor	to	the	Paying	Agent	hereunder,	without	the	execution	or	filing	of	any	document	or	any
further	act	on	the	part	of	the	parties	hereto.
(iv)
Any	successor	Paying	Agent	hereunder,	if	other	than	the	Borrower,	shall	be	a
bank	or	trust	company	organized	and	doing	business	under	the	laws	of	the	United	States	of	America	or	of	the
State	of	New	York,	in	good	standing,	authorized	under	such	laws	to	exercise	corporate	trust	powers	and	having
a	combined	capital	and	surplus	in	excess	of	US	$250,000,000,	and	in	either	case	shall	also	be	the	TFL	Paying
Agent.		
(c)
Successor	Requirements	and	Responsibilities
.
(i)
The	Borrower	and	any	Administrative	Agent	or	Paying	Agent	that	resigns	or	is
terminated	pursuant	to	
clause	(a)
	or	clause	(b)	above	shall	cooperate	with	the	applicable	successor
Administrative	Agent	or	successor	Paying	Agent,	as	applicable,	and	shall	use	commercially	reasonable	efforts,
in	each	case,	to	facilitate	the	appointment	of	such	successor	as	the	Administrative	Agent	or	the	Paying	Agent
hereunder	(including	by	entering	into	such	amendments	to	the	Control	Agreements	and	other	Transaction
Documents	and	authorizing	the	filing	of	amendments	to	financing	statements,	in	each	case,	as	are	reasonably
requested	by	the	successor	Administrative	Agent	or	the	successor	Paying	Agent	to	reflect	such	succession).
(ii)
Upon	such	acceptance	of	its	appointment	as	Administrative	Agent	or	Paying
Agent	hereunder	by	a	successor	Administrative	Agent	or	successor	Paying	Agent,	as	applicable,	such	successor
Administrative	Agent	or	successor	Paying	Agent	shall	succeed	to	and	become	vested	with	all	the	rights	and
duties	of	the	resigning	or	terminated	Administrative	Agent	or	Paying	Agent,	as	applicable,	and	the	resigning	or
terminated	Administrative	Agent	or	resigning	or	termination	Paying	Agent	shall	be	discharged	from	its	duties
and	obligations	under	the	Transaction	Documents.		After	the	resignation	or	termination	of	the	Administrative
Agent	or	the	Paying	Agent	under	this	Section	9.11,	the	provisions	of	
Article	XI
	and	this	
Article	IX
	shall	(i)	inure
to	its	benefit	as	to	any	actions	taken	or	omitted	to	be	taken	by	it	while	it	was	either	the	Administrative	Agent	or
the	Paying	Agent,	respectively	and	(ii)	survive	with	respect	to	any	indemnification	claim	it	may	have	relating	to
this	Agreement,	notwithstanding	such	resignation	or	removal	or	termination	of	this	Agreement.”
(oo)
Section	11.01
	of	the	Loan	Agreement	is	hereby	amended	by	adding	(i)	“(a)”	at	the	beginning
thereof	after	the	words	“SECTION	11.01	
Indemnification
.”	and	(ii)	at	the	end	thereof	a	new	sentence	reading	in	in	its
entirety	as	follows:
“The	obligations	under	this	Section	shall	survive	the	termination	of	this	Agreement	and	the	resignation	or
removal	of	the	Administrative	Agent	or	Paying	Agent,	as	applicable.”
(pp)
Section	11.02
	of	the	Loan	Agreement	is	hereby	amended	and	restated	in	its	as	follows:
20
[***]	
Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has
been	requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
“SECTION	11.02
Tax	Indemnification
.
(a)
Any	and	all	payments	by	or	on	account	of	any	obligation	of	the	Borrower	hereunder	shall	be
made	without	deduction	or	withholding	for	any	Taxes,	except	as	required	by	applicable	law.		If	any	applicable	law
(as	determined	in	the	good	faith	discretion	of	an	applicable	Withholding	Agent)	requires	the	deduction	or
withholding	of	any	Tax	from	any	such	payment	by	a	Withholding	Agent,	then	the	applicable	Withholding	Agent
shall	be	entitled	to	make	such	deduction	or	withholding	and	shall	timely	pay	the	full	amount	deducted	or	withheld
to	the	relevant	Governmental	Authority	in	accordance	with	applicable	law	and,	if	such	Tax	is	an	Indemnified	Tax,
then	the	sum	payable	by	the	Borrower	shall	be	increased	as	necessary	so	that	after	such	deduction	or	withholding
has	been	made	(including	such	deductions	and	withholdings	applicable	to	additional	sums	payable	under	this
Section)	the	applicable	Recipient	receives	an	amount	equal	to	the	sum	it	would	have	received	had	no	such
deduction	or	withholding	been	made.
(b)
The	Borrower	shall	timely	pay	to	the	relevant	Governmental	Authority	in	accordance	with
applicable	law,	or	at	the	option	of	the	Administrative	Agent	timely	reimburse	it	for	the	payment	of,	any	Other
Taxes.
(c)
The	Borrower	shall	indemnify	each	Recipient	and	the	Paying	Agent,	within	10	days	after	demand
therefor,	for	the	full	amount	of	any	Indemnified	Taxes	(including	Indemnified	Taxes	imposed	or	asserted	on	or
attributable	to	amounts	payable	under	this	Section)	payable	or	paid	by	such	Recipient	or	the	Paying	Agent,	as
applicable,	or	required	to	be	withheld	or	deducted	from	a	payment	to	such	Recipient	or	the	Paying	Agent	and	any
reasonable	expenses	arising	therefrom	or	with	respect	thereto,	whether	or	not	such	Indemnified	Taxes	were
correctly	or	legally	imposed	or	asserted	by	the	relevant	Governmental	Authority.		A	certificate	as	to	the	amount	of
such	payment	or	liability	delivered	to	the	Borrower	by	a	Lender	(with	a	copy	to	the	Administrative	Agent),	or	by	the
Administrative	Agent	on	its	own	behalf	or	on	behalf	of	another	Lender	Party,	shall	be	conclusive	absent	manifest
error.
(d)
Each	Lender	shall	severally	indemnify	the	Administrative	Agent	and	the	Paying	Agent,	within	10
days	after	demand	therefor,	for	(i)	any	Indemnified	Taxes	attributable	to	such	Lender	(but	only	to	the	extent	that
the	Borrower	has	not	already	indemnified	the	Administrative	Agent	or	the	Paying	Agent	for	such	Indemnified	Taxes
and	without	limiting	the	obligation	of	the	Borrower	to	do	so),	(ii)	any	Taxes	attributable	to	such	Lender’s	failure	to
comply	with	the	provisions	of	
Section	12.10(h)
	relating	to	the	maintenance	of	a	Participant	Register	and	(iii)	any
Excluded	Taxes	attributable	to	such	Lender,	in	each	case,	that	are	payable	or	paid	by	the	Administrative	Agent	or
the	Paying	Agent	in	connection	with	this	Agreement,	and	any	reasonable	expenses	arising	therefrom	or	with
respect	thereto,	whether	or	not	such	Taxes	were	correctly	or	legally	imposed	or	asserted	by	the	relevant
Governmental	Authority.		A	certificate	as	to	the	amount	of	such	payment	or	liability	delivered	to	any	Lender	by	the
Administrative	Agent	shall	be	conclusive	absent	manifest	error.		Each	Lender	hereby	authorizes	the	Administrative
Agent	and	the	Paying	Agent	to	set	off	and	apply	any	and	all	amounts	at	any	time	owing	to	such	Lender	under	this
Agreement	or	otherwise	payable	by	the	Administrative	Agent
21
[***]	
Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has
been	requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
or	the	Paying	Agent	to	the	Lender	from	any	other	source	against	any	amount	due	to	the	Administrative	Agent	or
the	Paying	Agent	under	this	paragraph	(d).
(e)
As	soon	as	practicable	after	any	payment	of	Taxes	by	the	Borrower	to	a	Governmental	Authority
pursuant	to	this	
Section	11.02
,	the	Borrower	shall	deliver	to	the	Administrative	Agent	or	the	Paying	Agent,	as
applicable,	the	original	or	a	certified	copy	of	a	receipt	issued	by	such	Governmental	Authority	evidencing	such
payment,	a	copy	of	the	return	reporting	such	payment	or	other	evidence	of	such	payment	reasonably	satisfactory	to
the	Administrative	Agent	or	the	Paying	Agent.
(f)	(i)	Any	Lender	that	is	entitled	to	an	exemption	from	or	reduction	of	withholding	tax	with	respect	to
payments	made	hereunder	shall	deliver	to	the	Servicer,	the	Borrower,	the	Paying	Agent	and	the	Administrative
Agent,	at	the	time	or	times	reasonably	requested	by	the	Servicer,	the	Borrower,	the	Paying	Agent	or	the
Administrative	Agent,	such	properly	completed	and	executed	documentation	reasonably	requested	by	the	Servicer,
the	Borrower,	the	Paying	Agent	or	the	Administrative	Agent	as	will	permit	such	payments	to	be	made	without
withholding	or	at	a	reduced	rate	of	withholding.		In	addition,	any	Lender,	if	reasonably	requested	by	the	Servicer,
the	Borrower,	the	Paying	Agent	or	the	Administrative	Agent,	shall	deliver	such	documentation	prescribed	by
applicable	law	or	reasonably	requested	by	the	Borrower,	the	Paying	Agent	or	the	Administrative	Agent	as	will
enable	the	Servicer,	the	Borrower,	the	Paying	Agent	or	the	Administrative	Agent	to	determine	whether	or	not	such
Lender	is	subject	to	backup	withholding	or	information	reporting	requirements.		Notwithstanding	anything	to	the
contrary	in	the	preceding	two	sentences,	the	completion,	execution	and	submission	of	such	documentation	(other
than	such	documentation	set	forth	in	
Section	11.02(f)(ii)(A)
,	
(ii)(B)
,	and	
(ii)(D)
	below)	shall	not	be	required	if	in	the
Lender’s	reasonable	judgment	such	completion,	execution	or	submission	would	subject	such	Lender	to	any	material
unreimbursed	cost	or	expense	or	would	materially	prejudice	the	legal	or	commercial	position	of	such	Lender.
(ii)
Without	limiting	the	generality	of	the	foregoing:
(A)
any	Lender	that	is	a	U.S.	Person	shall	deliver	to	the	Servicer,	the	Borrower,	the	Paying
Agent	and	the	Administrative	Agent	on	or	prior	to	the	date	on	which	such	Lender	becomes	a	Lender
under	this	Agreement	(and	from	time	to	time	thereafter	upon	the	reasonable	request	of	the	Servicer,	the
Borrower,	the	Paying	Agent	or	the	Administrative	Agent),	executed	originals	of	IRS	Form	W-9	certifying
that	such	Lender	is	exempt	from	U.S.	federal	backup	withholding	tax.		
(B)
Any	Foreign	Lender	shall,	to	the	extent	it	is	legally	entitled	to	do	so,	deliver	to	the
Borrower,	the	Paying	Agent	and	the	Administrative	Agent	(in	such	number	of	copies	as	shall	be	requested
by	the	recipient)	on	or	prior	to	the	date	on	which	such	Foreign	Lender	becomes	a	Lender	under	this
Agreement	(and	from	time	to	time	thereafter	upon	the	reasonable	request	of	the	Servicer,	the	Borrower,
the	Paying	Agent	or	the	Administrative	Agent),	whichever	of	the	following	is	applicable:
22
[***]	
Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has
been	requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
(1)
in	the	case	of	a	Foreign	Lender	claiming	the	benefits	of	an	income
tax	treaty	to	which	the	United	States	is	a	party	(x)	with	respect	to	payments	of	interest
hereunder,	executed	originals	of	IRS	Form	W-8BEN-E	establishing	an	exemption	from,	or
reduction	of,	U.S.	federal	withholding	Tax	pursuant	to	the	“interest”	article	of	such	tax	treaty
and	(y)	with	respect	to	any	other	applicable	payments	hereunder,	IRS	Form	W-8BEN-E
establishing	an	exemption	from,	or	reduction	of,	U.S.	federal	withholding	Tax	pursuant	to	the
“business	profits”	or	“other	income”	article	of	such	tax	treaty;
(2)
executed	originals	of	IRS	Form	W-8ECI;	or
(3)
in	the	case	of	a	Foreign	Lender	claiming	the	benefits	of	the
exemption	for	portfolio	interest	under	Section	881(c)	of	the	Internal	Revenue	Code,	(x)	a
certificate	substantially	to	the	effect	that	such	Foreign	Lender	is	not	a	“bank”	within	the
meaning	of	Section	881(c)(3)(A)	of	the	Internal	Revenue	Code,	a	“10	percent	shareholder”	of
the	Borrower	within	the	meaning	of	Section	881(c)(3)(B)	of	the	Internal	Revenue	Code,	or	a
controlled	foreign	corporation”	described	in	Section	881(c)(3)(C)	of	the	Internal	Revenue	Code
and	(y)	executed	originals	of	IRS	Form	W-8BEN-E.
(C)
Any	Foreign	Lender	shall,	to	the	extent	it	is	legally	entitled	to	do	so,	deliver	to	the
Borrower,	the	Paying	Agent	and	the	Administrative	Agent	(in	such	number	of	copies	as	shall	be	requested
by	the	recipient)	on	or	prior	to	the	date	on	which	such	Foreign	Lender	becomes	a	Lender	under	this
Agreement	(and	from	time	to	time	thereafter	upon	the	reasonable	request	of	the	Borrower,	the	Paying
Agent	or	the	Administrative	Agent),	executed	originals	of	any	other	form	prescribed	by	applicable	law	as
a	basis	for	claiming	exemption	from	or	a	reduction	in	U.S.	federal	withholding	tax,	duly	completed,
together	with	such	supplementary	documentation	as	may	be	prescribed	by	applicable	law	to	permit	the
Borrower,	the	Paying	Agent	or	the	Administrative	Agent	to	determine	the	withholding	or	deduction
required	to	be	made.
(D)
If	a	payment	made	to	a	Recipient	under	any	Loan	Document	would	be	subject	to	U.S.
federal	withholding	tax	imposed	by	FATCA	if	such	Recipient	were	to	fail	to	comply	with	the	applicable
reporting	requirements	of	FATCA	(including	those	contained	in	Section	1471(b)	or	1472(b)	of	the	Internal
Revenue	Code,	as	applicable),	such	Recipient	shall	deliver	to	the	Borrower,	the	Paying	Agent	and	the
Administrative	Agent	at	the	time	or	times	prescribed	by	law	and	at	such	time	or	times	reasonably
requested	by	the	Borrower,	the	Paying	Agent	or	the	Administrative	Agent	such	documentation	prescribed
by	applicable	law	(including	as	prescribed	by	Section	1471(b)(3)(C)(i)	of	the	Internal	Revenue	Code)	and
such	additional	documentation	reasonably	requested	by	the	Borrower,	the	Paying	Agent	or	the
Administrative	Agent	as	may	be	necessary	for	the	Borrower,	the	Paying	Agent	and	the	Administrative
Agent	to	comply	with	their	obligations	under	FATCA	and	to	determine	that	such	Recipient	has	complied
with
23
[***]	
Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has
been	requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
such	Recipient’s	obligations	under	FATCA	or	to	determine	the	amount	to	deduct	and	withhold	from	such
payment.		Solely	for	purposes	of	this	clause	(D),	“FATCA”	shall	include	any	amendments	made	to	FATCA
after	the	date	of	this	Agreement.		
Any	Administrative	Agent	or	Group	Agent	that	is	a	U.S.	Person	shall	deliver	to	the	Borrower	and	the	Servicer
executed	originals	of	IRS	Form	W-9	certifying	that	such	Person	is	exempt	from	U.S.	federal	backup	withholding	tax	(in	each
case,	if	such	form	was	not	provided	pursuant	to	
Section	11.02(f)(ii)(A)
	above).		Any	Administrative	Agent	or	Group	Agent	that
is	not	a	U.S.	Person	shall	deliver	to	the	Borrower	and	the	Servicer	(and	in	the	case	of	a	Group	Agent,	to	the	Administrative
Agent)	two	duly	completed	executed	originals	of	Form	W-8IMY	certifying	that	it	is	a	“U.S.	branch”	and	that	the	payments	it
receives	for	the	account	of	others	hereunder	are	not	effectively	connected	with	the	conduct	of	its	trade	or	business	in	the
United	States	and	that	such	Form	W-8IMY	evidences	its	agreement	with	the	Borrower	to	be	treated	as	a	“United	States
person”	with	respect	to	such	payments	(in	each	case,	pursuant	to	Treasury	Regulation	section	1.1441-1T(b)(2)(iv)).
Each	Recipient	agrees	that	if	any	form	or	certification	it	previously	delivered	expires	or	becomes	obsolete	or
inaccurate	in	any	respect,	it	shall	update	such	form	or	certification	or	promptly	notify	the	Borrower	and	the	Administrative
Agent	in	writing	of	its	legal	inability	to	do	so.
(qq)
Section	11.05
	of	the	Loan	Agreement	is	hereby	amended	by	deleting	
Section	11.05
	in	its
entirety	and	inserting	in	lieu	thereof	a	new	
Section	11.05
	in	its	entirety	reading	as	follows:
“
Other	Costs	and	Expenses
.		The	Borrower	shall	pay	on	the	first	Payment	Date	which	is	at	least	ten	(10)
Business	Days	after	demand	therefor,	all	actual	and	reasonable	documented	costs	and	expenses	of	(i)	the	Lender	Parties	and
the	Paying	Agent	in	connection	with	the	administration	or	amendment	of	this	Agreement,	the	other	Transaction	Documents
and	the	other	documents	to	be	delivered	hereunder,	including	reasonable	and	documented	fees	and	out-of-pocket	expenses
of	legal	counsel	for	the	Administrative	Agent	and	the	Paying	Agent,	and	the	actual	and	reasonable	documented	fees	and
expenses	incurred	by	any	Conduit	Lender	in	connection	with	the	transactions	contemplated	by	this	Agreement	in	obtaining
reaffirmation	by	any	Rating	Agency	of	its	rating	of	the	commercial	paper	notes	issued	by	such	Conduit	Lender	and	(ii)	the
Lender	Parties	and	the	Paying	Agent	in	connection	with	obtaining	advice	as	to	its	rights	and	remedies	under	this	Agreement
or	any	other	Transaction	Document	or	in	connection	with	the	enforcement	hereof	or	thereof,	including	reasonable	and
documented	counsel	fees	and	expenses	of	each	such	Person	in	connection	therewith.”
(rr)
Section	12.01
	of	the	Loan	Agreement	is	hereby	amended	by	adding	at	the	end	thereof	a	new
sentence	reading	as	follows:
“The	provisions	of	Article	IX	shall	survive	the	termination	of	this	Agreement	and	the	resignation	or
removal	of	the	Administrative	Agent	or	the	Paying	Agent.”
(ss)
Section	12.02
	of	the	Loan	Agreement	is	hereby	amended	as	follows:
24
[***]	
Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has
been	requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
(i)
in	clause	(a),	inserting	the	phrase	“,	the	Paying	Agent”	after	the	phrase	“No	failure	on
the	part	of	the	Group	Agents,	the	Conduit	Lenders,	the	Committed	Lenders”;	and
(ii)
in	clause	(b),	at	the	end	of	the	first	sentence,	inserting	the	sentence	reading	as	follows:
“No	amendment,	waiver	or	consent	shall,	unless	in	writing	and	signed	by	the	Paying	Agent,
affect	the	rights	or	duties	of	the	Paying	Agent,	under	this	Agreement	or	any	other	Transaction	Documents.”.
(tt)
Section	12.05
	of	the	Loan	Agreement	is	hereby	amended	by	inserting	after	the	notice	contact
information	for	TFL	and	before		the	notice	contact	information	for	the	Administrative	Agent	the	contact	information	for	the
Paying	Agent	in	its	entirety	reading	as	follows:
If	to	the	Paying	Agent:
Deutsche	Bank	Trust	Company	Americas
Global	Securities	Services	(GSS)
100	Plaza	One,	8
th
	Floor
Mail	stop:	JCY03-0801
Jersey	City,	New	Jersey	07311-3901
Tel:	+1	(201)	593-8420
Fax:	+	(212)	553-2458
Email:	
Michele.hy.voon@db.com
	
(uu)
Section	12.10
	of	the	Loan	Agreement	is	hereby	amended	as	follows:
(i)
inserting	the	letter	“(a)”	before	the	word	“
Binding
.”;
(ii)
in	clause	(b),	(A)	inserting	the	letter	“(A)”	after	the	phrase	“and	permitted	assigns”	and
before	“to	any”,	(B)	inserting	the	phrase	“Program	Provider	or	Affiliate	of	a”	after	the	phrase	“to	any”	and	before
the	phrase”	Program	Support	Provider	of	such	Conduit	Lender”,	(C)	inserting	the	phrase	“,	any	commercial	paper
issuer	supported	by	a	Program	Support	Provider”	after	the	phrase	“Program	Support	Provider	of	such	Conduit
Lender”	and	before	the	phrase	“or	any	collateral	agent	or	collateral	trustee”	and	(D)	inserting	the	letter	“(B)”	after
the	phrase	“restriction	of	any	kind	or”	and	before	the	phrase	“with	the	prior	written	consent	of	the	Borrower”;	and
(iii)
in	clause	(e),	deleting	clause	(e)	in	its	entirety	and	inserting	in	lieu	thereof	the	term
“[Reserved].”
(vv)
Section	12.11
	of	the	Loan	Agreement	is	hereby	amended	as	follows:
(i)
inserting	the	phrase	“the	Paying	Agent,”	after	the	phrase	“The	Administrative	Agent,
each	Group	Agent,	each	Lender,”;
(ii)
deleting	the	phrase	“(except	counsel	and	auditors)”	after	the	phrase	“such	information
to	outside	parties”;
25
[***]	
Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has
been	requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
(iii)
after	the	phrase	“to,	or	for	the	account	of,	a	commercial	paper	issuer,”	and	before	the
phrase	“and	its	or	their	counsel	and	auditors,”,	inserting	the	sentence	reading	as	follows:
“any	person	acting	or	proposed	to	act	as	a	placement	agent,	dealer	or	investor	with	respect	to
any	commercial	paper	notes	issued	by	or	on	behalf	of	a	Conduit	Lender	(provided	that	any	confidential	information
provided	to	any	such	placement	agent,	dealer	or	investor	does	not	reveal	the	identity	of	the	Borrower,	TFL	or	any
Affiliate	thereto	and	is	limited	to	information	of	the	type	that	is	typically	provided	to	such	entities	by	asset	backed
commercial	paper	conduits)”;
(iv)
after	the	phrase	“(d)	as	required	or	requested	by	an	Official	Body”	and	before	“or
pursuant	to	legal	process”,	inserting	the	phrase	reading	as	follows:
“,	regulatory,	self-regulatory	or	supervisory	authority	having	proper	jurisdiction”;	and
(v)
at	the	end	of	clause	(e),	deleting	word	“and”	and	inserting	in	lieu	thereof	the	phrase
reading	as	follows:
“(f)	to	its	attorneys,	accountants,	agents	and	Affiliates	on	a	need	to	know	basis	provided	that
each	such	person	to	whom	disclosure	is	made	shall	abide	by	the	confidentiality	provisions	of
this	
Section	12.11
	and	(g)”.
(ww)
Section	12.13
	of	the	Loan	Agreement	is	hereby	amended	and	restated	in	its	entirety	as
follows:
“SECTION	12.13
No	Petition.
(a)
Each	party	hereto	agrees,	prior	to	the	date	which	is	one	(1)	year	and	one	(1)	day	after	the
payment	in	full	of	all	indebtedness	for	borrowed	money	of	the	Borrower,	not	to	acquiesce,	petition	or	otherwise,	directly	or
indirectly,	invoke,	or	cause	the	Borrower	to	invoke,	the	process	of	any	Official	Body	for	the	purpose	of	(i)	commencing	or
sustaining	a	case	against	Borrower,	under	any	federal	or	state	bankruptcy,	insolvency	or	similar	law	(including	the
Bankruptcy	Code),	(ii)	appointing	a	receiver,	liquidator,	assignee,	trustee,	custodian,	sequestrator	or	other	similar	official	for
the	Borrower,	or	any	substantial	part	of	the	property	of	the	Borrower,	or	(iii)	ordering	the	winding	up	or	liquidation	of	the
affairs	of	the	Borrower.
(b)
Each	party	hereto	agrees,	prior	to	the	date	which	is	one	(1)	year	and	one	(1)	day	after	the
payment	in	full	of	all	indebtedness	for	borrowed	money	of	any	Conduit	Lender,	not	to	acquiesce,	petition	or	otherwise,
directly	or	indirectly,	invoke,	or	cause	such	Conduit	Lender	to	invoke,	the	process	of	any	Official	Body	for	the	purpose	of	(i)
commencing	or	sustaining	a	case	against	such	Conduit	Lender,	under	any	federal	or	state	bankruptcy,	insolvency	or	similar
law	(including	the	Bankruptcy	Code	or	similar	law	in	another	jurisdiction),	(ii)	appointing	a	receiver,	liquidator,	assignee,
trustee,	custodian,	sequestrator	or	other	similar	official	for	such	Conduit	Lender,	or	any	substantial	part	of	the	property	of
such	Conduit	Lender,	or	(iii)	ordering	the	winding	up	or	liquidation	of	the	affairs	of	such	Conduit	Lender.”
26
[***]	
Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has
been	requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
(xx)
Section	12.18
	of	the	Loan	Agreement	is	hereby	amended	as	follows:
(i)
inserting	the	phrase	“,	the	Paying	Agent,	the	Administrative	Agent”	(A)	after	the	phrase
“or	any	of	their	Affiliates	against	any	Lender	Party,”	(B)	after	the	phrase	“No	claim	may	be	made	by	any	Lender
Party,”	and	(C)	after	the	phrase	“in	connection	therewith	and	each	Lender	Party,”;
(ii)
deleting	the	word	“its”	and	inserting	the	phrase	“their	respective”	(A)	before	the
phrase	“Affiliates,	directors,	officers,	employees,	attorneys	or	agents	for	any	special,	indirect,	consequential	or
punitive	damages”	and	(B)	before	the	phrase	“Affiliates	against	the	Borrower,	TFL,	or	any	of	their	Affiliates,”	and
(iii)
inserting	at	the	end	of	
Section	12.18
	a	new	sentence	in	its	entirety	reading	as	follows:
“In	no	event	shall	the	Paying	Agents	be	responsible	or	liable	for	special,	indirect,	punitive	or
consequential	loss	or	damage	of	any	kind	whatsoever	(including,	but	not	limited	to,	loss	of	profit)	irrespective	of
whether	the	Paying	Agent	has	been	advised	of	the	likelihood	of	such	loss	or	damage	and	regardless	of	the	form	of
action.”
(yy)
Section	12.22
	is	hereby	amended	by	deleting	Section	12.22	in	its	entirety	and	inserting	in	lieu
thereof	a	new	
Section	12.22
	in	its	entirety	reading	as	follows:
“
Limited	Recourse	Against	Conduit	Lenders.	
Notwithstanding	anything	in	this	Agreement	or	any	other
Transaction	Document	to	the	contrary,	no	Conduit	Lender	shall	have	any	obligation	to	pay	any	amount	required	to	be	paid	by
it	hereunder	or	thereunder	in	excess	of	any	amount	received	pursuant	to	this	Agreement	and	available	to	such	Conduit
Lender	after	paying	or	making	provision	for	the	payment	of	its	Short-Term	Notes.	All	payment	obligations	of	any	Conduit
Lender	hereunder	are	contingent	upon	the	availability	of	funds	received	pursuant	to	this	Agreement	in	excess	of	the	amounts
necessary	to	pay	Short-Term	Notes;	and	each	of	the	Borrower,	TFL	and	the	Secured	Parties	agrees	that	they	shall	not	have	a
claim	under	Section	101(5)	of	the	Bankruptcy	Code	(or	similar	law	in	another	jurisdiction)	if	and	to	the	extent	that	any	such
payment	obligation	exceeds	the	amount	received	pursuant	to	this	Agreement	and	available	to	any	Conduit	Lender	to	pay
such	amounts	after	paying	or	making	provision	for	the	payment	of	its	Short-Term	Notes.	Notwithstanding	the	foregoing,	the
obligations	of	a	Conduit	Lender	to	the	Borrower	or	TFL	resulting	from	the	gross	negligence	or	willful	misconduct	of	such
Conduit	Lender	(as	finally	determined	by	a	court	of	competent	jurisdiction)	or	for	any	expenses	incurred	by	the	Borrower	or
TFL	as	a	result	of	a	breach	of	this	Agreement	made	by	a	Conduit	Lender	shall	not	be	limited	to	any	amounts	or	funds
received	pursuant	to	this	Agreement	(but	shall	only	be	limited	to	the	amounts	available	to	such	Conduit	Lender	after	paying
or	making	provision	for	the	payment	of	its	Short	Term	Notes).”
(zz)
Section	12.23
	of	the	Loan	Agreement	is	hereby	inserted	to	the	end	of	
Article	XII
	in	its	entirety
reading	as	follows:
“
U.S.	Patriot	Act
.	In	order	to	comply	with	the	laws,	rules,	regulations	and	executive	orders	in	effect	from
time	to	time	applicable	to	banking	institutions,	including,	without
27
[***]	
Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has
been	requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
limitation,	those	relating	to	the	funding	of	terrorist	activities	and	money	laundering,	including	Section	326	of	the	USA
PATRIOT	Act	of	the	United	States	(“Applicable	Law”),	the	Paying	Agent	is	required	to	obtain,	verify,	record	and	update
certain	information	relating	to	individuals	and	entities	which	maintain	a	business	relationship	with	the	Paying	Agent.
Accordingly,	each	of	the	parties	agree	to	provide	to	the	Paying	Agent,	upon	its	request	from	time	to	time	such	identifying
information	and	documentation	as	may	be	available	for	such	party	in	order	to	enable	the	Paying	Agent	to	comply	with
Applicable	Law.	The	Paying	Agent	will	follow	its	typical	Know	Your	Customer	(KYC)	process	on	any	other	entity	which
becomes	a	party	to	this	Agreement	(through	assignment	or	otherwise)	prior	to	processing	any	instructions	from	such	entity.
”
(aaa)
Schedules	6,	8	and	9	to	the	Loan	Agreement	are	hereby	amended	and	restated	in	their
entirety	as	set	forth	on	Schedules	6,	8	and	9	to	this	Amendment.
2.
Joinder	of	New	Groups
.	The	parties	hereto	acknowledge	and	agree	that,	effective	as	of	the	Amendment	Effective
Date	and	subject	to	the	satisfaction	of	the	conditions	precedent	set	forth	in	Section	5	below,	there	shall	be	created	four	(4)
new	Groups	under	the	Loan	Agreement	(each	a	“
New	Group
”	and	collectively,	the	“
New	Groups
”)	as	follows:	(i)	a	Group
consisting	of	Bank	of	America,	N.A.	(“
BANA
”),	as	a	Group	Agent	and	a	Committed	Lender;	(ii)	a	Group	consisting	of	Royal
Bank	of	Canada	(“
RBC
”)	as	a	Group	Agent	and	a	Committed	Lender	and	Lakeshore	Trust,	as	a	Conduit	Lender
(“
Lakeshore
”);	(iii)	a	Group	consisting	of	Credit	Suisse	AG,	New	York	Branch	(“
CSNY
”),	as	a	Group	Agent,	Credit	Suisse	AG,
Cayman	Islands	Branch,	as	a	Committed	Lender	(“
CSCI
”)	and	GIFS	Capital	Company	LLC,	as	a	Conduit	Lender	(“
GIFS
”)	and
(iv)	a	Group	consisting	of	Barclays	Bank	PLC	(“
BBPLC
”)	as	a	Group	Agent	and	Committed	Lender,	and	Salisbury	Receivables
Companies	LLC	(“
Salisbury
”),	as	a	Conduit	Lender.		Each	of	BANA,	RBC,	CSNY	and	BBPLC	in	its	capacity	as	a	new	Group
Agent	shall	be	referred	to	herein	individually	as	a	“New	Group	Agent”	and	collectively	as	the	“New	Group	Agents”;	each	of
BANA,	RBC,	CSCI	and	BBPLC	in	its	capacity	as	a	new	Committed	Lender	shall	be	referred	to	herein	individually	as	a	“New
Committed	Lender”	and	collectively	as	the	“New	Committed	Lenders”;	each	of	Lakeshore,	GIFS	and	Salisbury	shall	be
referred	to	herein	individually	as	a	“New	Conduit	Lender”	and	collectively	as	the	“New	Conduit	Lenders”	and	each	of	the
New	Group	Agents,	the	New	Committed	Lenders	and	the	New	Conduit	Lenders	shall	be	referred	to	herein	individually	as	a
“New	Party”	and	collectively	as	the	“New	Parties.”		By	executing	and	delivering	this	Amendment,	each	New	Party	confirms
to	and	agrees	with	the	Administrative	Agent,	the	Group	Agents	and	the	Lenders	as	follows:
(a)
none	of	the	Administrative	Agent,	the	Group	Agents	or	the	Lenders	makes	any	representation	or
warranty	or	assumes	any	responsibility	with	respect	to	any	statements,	warranties	or	representations	made	in	or	in
connection	with	the	Loan	Agreement	or	the	execution,	legality,	validity,	enforceability,	genuineness,	sufficiency	or
value	of	the	Loan	Agreement,	any	Transaction	Document	or	any	other	instrument	or	document	furnished	pursuant
thereto,	or	the	Collateral	or	the	financial	condition	of	Tesla,	Inc.,	TFL,	the	Trust,	the	Servicer	or	the	Borrower	or
the	performance	or	observance	by	TFL,	the	Trust,	the	Servicer	or	the	Borrower	of	any	of	their	respective
obligations	under	the	Loan	Agreement,	any	Transaction	Document	or	any	other	instrument	or	document	furnished
pursuant	thereto;
28
[***]	
Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has
been	requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
(b)
each	New	Party	confirms	that	it	has	received	a	copy	of	such	documents	and	information	as	it	has
deemed	appropriate	to	make	its	own	credit	analysis	and	decision	to	enter	into	this	Amendment	and	become	party
to	the	Loan	Agreement;
(c)
each	New	Party	will,	independently	and	without	reliance	upon	the	Administrative	Agent,	any
Group	Agent	or	any	other	Lender	and	based	on	such	documents	and	information	as	it	shall	deem	appropriate	at	the
time,	continue	to	make	its	own	credit	decisions	in	taking	or	not	taking	action	under	the	Loan	Agreement;
(d)
the	New	Committed	Lender	in	each	New	Group	described	in	this	Section	2	appoints	and
authorizes	the	related	New	Group	Agent	specified	in	this	Section	2	to	take	such	action	as	agent	on	its	behalf	and	to
exercise	such	powers	under	the	Loan	Agreement	as	are	delegated	to	a	Group	Agent	by	the	terms	thereof,	together
with	such	powers	as	are	reasonably	incidental	thereto,	all	in	accordance	with	Article	X	of	the	Loan	Agreement;
(e)
each	New	Party	appoints	and	authorizes	each	of	the	Administrative	Agent	to	take	such	action	as
agent	on	its	behalf	and	to	exercise	such	powers	under	the	Agreement	as	are	delegated	to	the	Administrative	Agent
by	the	terms	thereof,	together	with	such	powers	as	are	reasonably	incidental	thereto,	all	in	accordance	with
Article	IX	of	the	Loan	Agreement;	and
(f)
each	New	Party	agrees	that	it	will	perform	in	accordance	with	the	terms	thereof	all	of	the
obligations	which	by	the	terms	of	the	Agreement	are	required	to	be	performed	by	it	as	a	Group	Agent,	a	Committed
Lender	or	a	Conduit	Lender,	as	applicable,	and	agrees	to	be	bound	by	and	subject	to	the	terms	of	the	Loan
Agreement	applicable	to	it	in	such	capacity	or	to	parties	thereto	generally.
3.
Reallocation	of	Loan	Balance
.	The	parties	hereto	acknowledge	and	agree	that	in	connection	with	the	joinder	of
the	New	Groups,	on	the	Amendment	Effective	Date,	the	aggregate	Loan	Balance	shall	be	reallocated	such	that,	immediately
after	giving	effect	to	such	joinder,	the	portion	of	the	Loan	Balance	funded	by	each	Group	as	a	percentage	of	the	Loan
Balance	shall	be	equal	to	its	respective	Percentage.	Each	Lender	shall	make	the	payments	to,	or	receive	the	payments	from,
one	or	more	other	Lenders	as	specified	in	the	flow	of	funds	prepared	by	the	Administrative	Agent	and	acknowledged	and
agreed	to	by	the	Borrower	in	connection	with	this	Section	and	the	Borrower	acknowledges	and	agrees	that,	upon	the	receipt
by	each	applicable	Lender	of	such	payments,	each	New	Group	shall	be	deemed	to	have	made	Loans	to	the	Borrower	in	an
amount	equal	to	its	respective	Percentage	of	the	Loan	Balance.		
4.
Appointment	of	Paying	Agent
.		The	Borrower	hereby	appoints	Deutsche	Bank	Trust	Company	Americas,	acting
through	its	office	at	60	Wall	Street,	New	York,	New	York	10005,	as	the	registrar	and	paying	agent	in	respect	of	the	Loans,
upon	the	terms	and	subject	to	the	conditions	set	forth	in	the	Loan	Agreement,	as	amended	on	the	date	hereof,	and	Deutsche
Bank	Trust	Company	Americas	hereby	accepts	such	appointment.	Effective	as	of	the	Amendment	Effective	Date,	Deutsche
Bank	Trust	Company	Americas	is	hereby	joined	as	a	party	to	the	Loan	Agreement.
29
[***]	
Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has
been	requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
5.
Conditions	Precedent
.	This	Amendment	shall	become	effective	as	of	the	date	hereof	(the	“
Amendment	Effective
Date
”)	upon	satisfaction	or	waiver	of	the	following	conditions	precedent:
(a)
the	receipt	by	the	Administrative	Agent	or	its	counsel	of	counterpart	signature	pages	to	this
Amendment	and	each	other	document,	certificate	and	opinion	to	be	executed	or	delivered	in	connection	with	this
Amendment,	as	more	fully	described	on	Exhibit	A	hereto;
(b)
each	Group	Agent	shall	have	received,	for	the	benefit	of	the	Lenders	in	its	related	Group,	the
“Upfront	Fee”	in	accordance	with	and	as	defined	in	the	Amended	and	Restated	Fee	Letter,	dated	as	of	the	date
hereof,	by	and	among	the	Borrower,	the	Group	Agents	and	the	Administrative	Agent;
(c)
no	Default,	Event	of	Default	or	Potential	Servicer	Default	shall	have	occurred	or	be	continuing,
the	Termination	Date	shall	not	have	occurred	and	no	Event	of	Bankruptcy	shall	have	occurred	with	respect	to	TFL
or	Tesla,	Inc.;	and
(d)
the	Administrative	Agent,	the	Paying	Agent	and	each	Group	Agent	shall	have	received	such	other
documents,	instruments	and	agreements	as	the	Administrative	Agent,	the	Paying	Agent	or	such	Group	Agent	may
have	reasonably	requested.
6.
Representations	and	Warranties	of	the	Borrower
.		The	Borrower	hereby	represents	and	warrants	to	the
Administrative	Agent,	each	Group	Agent,	each	Lender	and	the	Paying	Agent	as	of	the	date	hereof	that:
(a)
This	Amendment	and	the	Loan	Agreement,	as	amended	hereby,	constitute	the	legal,	valid	and
binding	obligations	of	the	Borrower	and	are	enforceable	against	the	Borrower	in	accordance	with	their	respective
terms,	except	as	such	enforcement	may	be	limited	by	applicable	bankruptcy,	insolvency,	reorganization	or	other
similar	laws	relating	to	or	limiting	creditors’	rights	generally	and	by	general	principles	of	equity	(regardless	of
whether	enforcement	is	sought	in	a	proceeding	in	equity	or	at	law).
(b)
Upon	the	effectiveness	of	this	Amendment,	the	Borrower	hereby	affirms	that	all	representations
and	warranties	made	by	it	in	Article	IV	of	the	Loan	Agreement,	as	amended,	are	correct	in	all	material	respects	on
the	date	hereof	as	though	made	as	of	the	effective	date	of	this	Amendment,	unless	and	to	the	extent	that	any	such
representation	and	warranty	is	stated	to	relate	solely	to	an	earlier	date,	in	which	case	such	representation	and
warranty	shall	have	been	true	and	correct	in	all	material	respects	as	of	such	earlier	date.
(c)
As	of	the	date	hereof,	no	Default,	Event	of	Default	or	Potential	Servicer	Default	shall	have
occurred	or	be	continuing,	the	Termination	Date	shall	not	have	occurred	and	no	Event	of	Bankruptcy	shall	have
occurred	with	respect	to	TFL	or	Tesla,	Inc.
7.
Reference	to	and	Effect	on	the	Loan	Agreement
.
30
[***]	
Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has
been	requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
(a)
Upon	the	effectiveness	of	Section	1	hereof,	each	reference	in	the	Loan	Agreement	to	“this
Agreement”,	“hereunder”,	“hereof”,	“herein”	or	words	of	like	import	shall	mean	and	be	a	reference	to	the	Loan
Agreement	as	amended	hereby.
(b)
The	Loan	Agreement,	as	amended	hereby,	and	all	other	documents,	instruments	and	agreements
executed	and/or	delivered	in	connection	therewith,	shall	remain	in	full	force	and	effect	until	hereafter	terminated
in	accordance	with	their	respective	terms,	and	the	Loan	Agreement	and	such	documents,	instruments	and
agreements	are	hereby	ratified	and	confirmed.
(c)
Except	as	expressly	provided	herein,	the	execution,	delivery	and	effectiveness	of	this	Amendment
shall	not	operate	as	a	waiver	of	any	right,	power	or	remedy	of	the	Administrative	Agent,	any	Agent	or	any	Lender,
nor	constitute	a	waiver	of	any	provision	of	the	Loan	Agreement	or	any	other	documents,	instruments	and
agreements	executed	and/or	delivered	in	connection	therewith.
8.
Costs	and	Expenses
.		The	Borrower	agrees	to	pay	all	reasonable	and	actual	costs,	fees,	and	out‑of‑pocket
expenses	(including	the	reasonable	attorneys’	fees,	costs	and	expenses	of	Sidley	Austin	LLP,	counsel	to	the	Administrative
Agent,	the	Group	Agents	and	the	Lenders	and	Nixon	Peabody	LLP,	counsel	to	the	Paying	Agent)	incurred	by	the
Administrative	Agent,	each	Group	Agent,	each	Lender	and	the	Paying	Agent	in	connection	with	the	preparation,	review,
execution	and	enforcement	of	this	Amendment.
9.
GOVERNING	LAW
.		THIS	AMENDMENT	SHALL	BE	GOVERNED	BY,	AND	CONSTRUED	IN	ACCORDANCE
WITH,	THE	LAWS	OF	THE	STATE	OF	NEW	YORK	WITHOUT	REFERENCE	TO	ITS	CONFLICTS	OF	LAWS	PROVISIONS
(OTHER	THAN	SECTIONS	5-1401	AND	5-1402	OF	THE	NEW	YORK	GENERAL	OBLIGATIONS	LAW).
10.
Headings
.		Section	headings	in	this	Amendment	are	included	herein	for	convenience	of	reference	only	and	shall
not	constitute	a	part	of	this	Amendment	for	any	other	purpose.
11.
Counterparts
.		This	Amendment	may	be	executed	by	one	or	more	of	the	parties	to	the	Amendment	on	any
number	of	separate	counterparts	and	all	of	said	counterparts	taken	together	shall	be	deemed	to	constitute	one	and	the	same
instrument.		Delivery	of	an	executed	counterpart	of	a	signature	page	to	this	Amendment	by	facsimile	(transmitted	by
telecopier	or	by	email)	shall	be	effective	as	delivery	of	a	manually	executed	counterpart	of	this	Amendment.
	
Remainder	of	page	left	intentionally	blank
31
[***]	
Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has
been	requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
IN	WITNESS	WHEREOF,	the	parties	have	caused	this	Amendment	to	be	duly	executed	and	delivered	by	their	duly
authorized	signatories	as	of	the	date	first	above	written.
	
LML	WAREHOUSE	SPV,	LLC,
as	Borrower
	
	
By:	
/s/	Radford	Small
Name:	Radford	Small
Title:	Chief	Financial	Officer	/	Treasurer
	
	
Signature	Page	to	Amendment	No.	1	to	Loan	and	Security	Agreement
[***]	
Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has
been	requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.
	Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
DEUTSCHE	BANK	AG,	NEW	YORK	BRANCH,
as	Administrative	Agent,	as	a	Group	Agent	and	as
a	Committed	Lender
	
	
By:	
/s/	Kevin	Fagan
Name:	Kevin	Fagan
Title:	Vice	President
	
By:	
/s/	Katherine	Bologna
Name:	Katherine	Bologna
Title:	Managing	Director
	
Signature	Page	to	Amendment	No.	1	to	Loan	and	Security	Agreement
[***]	
Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has
been	requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.
	Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
DEUTSCHE	BANK	NATIONAL	TRUST	COMPANY	FOR:
	
DEUTSCHE	BANK	TRUST	COMPANY	AMERICAS,
as	Paying	Agent
	
	
By:	
/s/	Michele	H.Y.	Voon
Name:	Michele	H.Y.	Voon
Title:	Vice	President
	
By:	
/s/	Susan	Barstock
Name:	Susan	Barstock
Title:	Vice	President
	
Signature	Page	to	Amendment	No.	1	to	Loan	and	Security	Agreement
[***]	
Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has
been	requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.
	Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
CITIBANK,	N.A.,
as	a	Group	Agent	and	as	a	Committed	Lender
	
	
By:	
/s/	Amy	Jo	Pitts
Name:	Amy	Jo	Pitts
Title:	Vice	President
	
CAFCO,	LLC,
as	Conduit	Lender
	
By:
Citibank,	N.A.,	as	Attorney-in-Fact
	
	
By:	
/s/	Amy	Jo	Pitts
Name:	Amy	Jo	Pitts
Title:	Vice	President
	
CHARTA,	LLC,
as	Conduit	Lender
	
By:
Citibank,	N.A.,	as	Attorney-in-Fact
	
	
By:	
/s/	Amy	Jo	Pitts
Name:	Amy	Jo	Pitts
Title:	Vice	President
	
Signature	Page	to	Amendment	No.	1	to	Loan	and	Security	Agreement
[***]	
Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has
been	requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.
	Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
CIESCO,	LLC,
as	Conduit	Lender
	
By:
Citibank,	N.A.,	as	Attorney-in-Fact
	
	
By:	
/s/	Amy	Jo	Pitts
Name:	Amy	Jo	Pitts
Title:	Vice	President
	
CRC	FUNDING,	LLC,
as	Conduit	Lender
	
By:
Citibank,	N.A.,	as	Attorney-in-Fact
	
	
By:	
/s/	Amy	Jo	Pitts
Name:	Amy	Jo	Pitts
Title:	Vice	President
	
	
Signature	Page	to	Amendment	No.	1	to	Loan	and	Security	Agreement
[***]	
Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has
been	requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.
	Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
BANK	OF	AMERICA,	N.A.,
as	a	Group	Agent	and	as	a	Committed	Lender
	
	
By:	
/s/	Rahra	Macaltao
Name:	Rahra	Macaltao
Title:	Director
	
Signature	Page	to	Amendment	No.	1	to	Loan	and	Security	Agreement
[***]	
Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has
been	requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.
	Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
ROYAL	BANK	OF	CANADA,
as	a	Group	Agent	and	as	a	Committed	Lender
	
	
By:	
/s/	Angela	Nimoh-Etsiakoh
Name:	Angela	Nimoh-Etsiakoh
Title:	Authorized	Signatory
	
By:	
/s/	Sofia	Shields
Name:	Sofia	Shields
Title:	Authorized	Signatory
	
	
LAKESHORE	TRUST
,
as	a	Conduit	Lender
	
	
By:	
/s/	Nur	Khan
Name:	Nur	Khan
Title:	Authorized	Signatory
	
Signature	Page	to	Amendment	No.	1	to	Loan	and	Security	Agreement
[***]	
Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has
been	requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.
	Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
CREDIT	SUISSE	AG,	NEW	YORK	BRANCH,
as	a	Group	Agent
	
	
By:	
/s/	Patrick	Duggan
Name:	Patrick	Duggan
Title:	Associate
	
By:	
/s/	Elie	Chau
Name:	Elie	Chau
Title:	Authorized	Signatory
	
	
CREDIT	SUISSE	AG,	CAYMAN	ISLANDS	BRANCH,
as	a	Committed	Lender
	
	
By:	
/s/	Patrick	Duggan
Name:	Patrick	Duggan
Title:	Authorized	Signatory
	
By:	
/s/	Elie	Chau
Name:	Elie	Chau
Title:	Authorized	Signatory
	
	
GIFS	CAPITAL	COMPANY	LLC,
as	a	Conduit	Lender
	
	
By:	
/s/	Thomas	J.	Irvin
Name:	Thomas	J.	Irvin
Title:	Manager
	
Signature	Page	to	Amendment	No.	1	to	Loan	and	Security	Agreement
[***]	
Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has
been	requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.
	Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
BARCLAYS	BANK	PLC,
as	a	Group	Agent
	
	
By:	
/s/	John	McCarthy
Name:	John	McCarthy
Title:	Director
	
	
SALISBURY	RECEIVABLES	COMPANY	LLC,
as	a	Conduit	Lender
	
By:		Barclays	Bank	PLC,	as	attorney-in-fact
	
	
By:	
/s/	John	McCarthy
Name:	John	McCarthy
Title:	Director
	
	
	
Signature	Page	to	Amendment	No.	1	to	Loan	and	Security	Agreement
[***]	
Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has
been	requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.
	Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
EXHIBIT	A
	
LIST	OF	CLOSING	DOCUMENTS
	
	
	
Document
Responsible	Party
1.
Amendment	No.	1	to	Loan	and	Security	Agreement
W&S
2.
Amended	and	Restated	Fee	Letter
Sidley
3.
Good	Standing	Certificate	for	Borrower	from	Secretary	of	State	of	Delaware
W&S
4.
Good	Standing	Certificate	for	Tesla	Finance	LLC	from	Secretary	of	State	of	Delaware
W&S
5.
Good	Standing	Certificate	for	Tesla	Lease	Trust	from	Secretary	of	State	of	Delaware
W&S
6.
Secretary’s	Certificate	of	Borrower:
(a)		Certificate	of	Formation
(b)		Limited	Liability	Company	Agreement
(c)		Resolutions
(d)		Incumbency
W&S
7.
Bring	down	UCC	lien	searches:
(a)	Tesla	Lease	Trust
(b)		TFL
(c)		Borrower
W&S
8.
Reliance	Letter	with	respect	to	Winston	&	Strawn	legal	opinions	regarding	security
interest	matters,	enforceability	and	corporate	matters,	true	sale	matters	and	non-
consolidation	matters	issued	on	August	17,	2017
W&S
9.
Reliance	Letter	with	respect	to	RLF	legal	opinions	(4)	issued	on	August	17,	2017
RLF
10.
Reliance	Letter	with	respect	to	Tesla	in-house	opinion	issued	on	August	17,	2017
TFL
	
	
	
[***]	
Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has
been	requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
Schedule	6
	
	
Notice	Addresses
	
	
Borrower
:
	
c/o	Tesla,	Inc.
3500	Deer	Creek	Road
Palo	Alto,	CA	94304
Attention:	General	Counsel
	
With	a	copy	to
Tesla,	Inc.
3500	Deer	Creek	Road
Palo	Alto,	CA	94304
Attention:	Legal,	Finance
	
TFL
:
	
c/o	Tesla,	Inc.
3500	Deer	Creek	Road
Palo	Alto,	CA	94304
Attention:	General	Counsel
	
With	a	copy	to
Tesla,	Inc.
3500	Deer	Creek	Road
Palo	Alto,	CA	94304
Attention:	Legal,	Finance
	
Administrative	Agent
:
	
Deutsche	Bank	AG,	New	York	Branch
60	Wall	Street,	5
th
	Floor
New	York,	New	York	10005
Tel:	(212)	250-3001
Fax:	(212)	797-5300
Attention:	Katherine	Bologna
Email:	
abs.conduits@db.com
	and	
katherine.bologna@db.com
	
	
Deutsche	Bank	AG,	New	York	Branch,	as	Lender
:
	
Deutsche	Bank	AG,	New	York	Branch
[***]	
Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has
been	requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
60	Wall	Street,	5
th
	Floor
New	York,	New	York	10005
Tel:	(212)	250-3001
Fax:	(212)	797-5300
Attention:	Katherine	Bologna
Email:	
abs.conduits@db.com
	and	
katherine.bologna@db.com
	
Paying	Agent
:
	
Deutsche	Bank	Trust	Company	Americas
Deutsche	Bank	National	Trust	Company
Global	Securities	Services	(GSS)
100	Plaza	One,	8th	Floor
Mail	stop:	JCY03-0801
Jersey	City,	New	Jersey	07311-3901
Tel:	+1	(201)	593-8420
Fax:	+1	(212)	553-2458
Email:	
michele.hy.voon@db.com
	
Citibank,	N.A.,	CAFCO,	LLC,	CHARTA,	LLC,	CIESCO,	LLC,	CRC	Funding,	LLC,		as	Lenders
:
	
c/o	Citibank,	N.A.
Global	Securitized	Products
750	Washington	Blvd.,	8
th
	Floor
Stamford,	CT	06901
Attention:	Robert	Kohl
Telephone:	203-975-6383
Email:	
Robert.kohl@citi.com
	
c/o	Citibank,	N.A.
Global	Loans	–	Conduit	Operations
1615	Brett	Road	Ops	Building	3
New	Castle,	DE	19720
Telephone:	302-323-3125
Email:	
conditoperations@citi.com
	
[***]	
Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has
been	requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
Credit	Suisse	AG,	New	York	Branch	/	Credit	Suisse	AG,	Cayman	Islands	Branch
:
	
c/o	Credit	Suisse	AG,	New	York	Branch
11	Madison	Avenue,	4th	Floor
New	York,	New	York	10010
Telephone:	212-325-0432
Attention:	Kenneth	Aiani
Email:	
kenneth.aiani@credit-suisse.com
;	
patrick.duggan@credit-suisse.com
;	
list.afconduitreports@credit-suisse.com
;
abcp.monitoring@credit-suisse.com
	
GIFS	Capital	Company
:
227	West	Monroe	Street,	Suite	4900
Chicago,	IL	60696
Telephone:	312-977-4588
Attention:	Mark	Matthews
Email:	
mark.matthews@guggenheimpartners.com
	
Royal	Bank	of	Canada	/	Lakeshore	Trust
:
	
c/o	RBC	Capital	Markets
200	Vesey	Street
New	York,	New	York	10281
Attention:	Angela	Nimoh
Telephone:	212-428-6296
Fax:	212-428-6308
Email:	
conduit.management@rbccm.com
;	
rgeoghegan@rbccm.com
;	
angela.nimoh@rbccm.com
;	
sofia.shields@rbccm.com
	
Barclays	Bank	PLC	/	Salisbury	Receivables	Company	LLC
:
	
c/o	Barclays	Bank	PLC
745	Seventh	Avenue,	5th	Floor
New	York,	New	York	10019
Telephone:	212-526-7161
Email:	
asgreports@barclays.com
;	
barcapconduitops@barclays.com
;	
john.j.mccarty@barclays.com
;
martin.attea@barclays.com
;	
jonathan.wu@barclays.com
;	
david.hisrchy@barclays.com
;	
eric.k.chang@barclays.com
;
eugene.golant@barclays.com
.
	
Bank	of	America,	N.A.
:
	
Bank	of	America,	N.A.
214	N.	Tryon	Street
Charlotte,	North	Carolina	28255
Attention:	Judith	Helms
Telephone:	980-387-1693
[***]	
Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has
been	requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
Email:	
judith.a.helms@baml.com
	
	
	
	
[***]	
Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has
been	requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
Schedule	8
	
	
Commitments	of	Lenders
	
	
Committed	Lender
Commitment
Deutsche	Bank	AG,	New	York	Branch
$160,602,052.79
Citibank,	N.A.
$160,602,052.79
Credit	Suisse	AG,	Cayman	Islands	Branch
$72,270,923.76
Royal	Bank	of	Canada
$70,932,573.32
Barclays	Bank	PLC
$70,932,573.32
Bank	of	America,	N.A.
$53,534,017.60
Total:
$588,874,193.58
	
	
	
	
	
[***]	
Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has
been	requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
Schedule	9
	
	
Short-Term	Note	Rate
	
	
The	Short-Term	Note	Rate	applicable	to	each	of	
CAFCO,	LLC,	CHARTA,	LLC,	CIESCO,	LLC,	CRC	Funding,	LLC
	for	any
Interest	Period	(or	portion	thereof),	shall	be	determined	as	follows:	(a)	to	the	extent	that	such	Conduit	Lender	funds	its
Percentage	of	the	Loan	Balance	during	such	Interest	Period	with	Short-Term	Notes,	the	per	annum	rate	equal	to	the
weighted	average	of	the	rates	at	which	all	Short-Term	Notes	issued	by	such	Conduit	Lender	to	fund	its	Percentage	of	the
Loan	Balance	during	such	Interest	Period	were	sold,	which	rates	include	all	dealer	commissions	and	other	costs	of	issuing
such	Short-Term	Notes,	whether	any	such	Short-Term	Notes	were	specifically	issued	to	fund	its	Percentage	of	the	Loan
Balance	or	are	allocated,	in	whole	or	in	part,	to	such	funding,	and	(b)	otherwise,	the	Bank	Interest	Rate.
	
The	Short-Term	Note	Rate	applicable	to	
Lakeshore	Trust	and	GIFS	Capital	Company	LLC
	means,	for	any	day	during	any
Interest	Period,	the	per	annum	rate	equivalent	to	(a)	the	rate	(expressed	as	a	percentage	and	an	interest	yield	equivalent
and	calculated	on	the	basis	of	a	360-day	year)	or,	if	more	than	one	rate,	the	weighted	average	thereof,	paid	or	payable	by
such	Conduit	Lender	from	time	to	time	as	interest	on	or	otherwise	in	respect	of	the	Short-Term	Notes	issued	by	such
Conduit	Lender	that	are	allocated,	in	whole	or	in	part,	by	such	Conduit’s	Lender’s	agent	to	fund	the	purchase	or
maintenance	of	the	Loans	outstanding	made	by	such	Conduit	Lender	(and	which	may	also,	in	the	case	of	a	pool-funded
conduit	Conduit	Lender,	be	allocated	in	part	to	the	funding	of	other	assets	of	such	Conduit	Lender	and	which	Short-Term
Notes	need	not	mature	on	the	last	day	of	any	Interest	Period)	during	such	Interest	Period	as	determined	by	such	Conduit
Lender’s	agent,	which	rates	shall	reflect	and	give	effect	to	(i)	certain	documentation	and	transaction	costs	(including,
without	limitation,	dealer	and	placement	agent	commissions,	and	incremental	carrying	costs	incurred	with	respect	to	Short-
Term	Notes	maturing	on	dates	other	than	those	on	which	corresponding	funds	are	received	by	such	Conduit	Lender)
associated	with	the	issuance	of	the	Conduit	Lender’s	Short-Term	Notes,	and	(ii)	other	borrowings	by	such	Conduit	Lender,
including	borrowings	to	fund	small	or	odd	dollar	amounts	that	are	not	easily	accommodated	in	the	commercial	paper	market,
solely	to	the	extent	such	amounts	are	allocated,	in	whole	or	in	part,	by	the	Conduit	Lender’s	agent	to	fund	such	Conduit
Lender’s	purchase	or	maintenance	of	the	Loans	outstanding	made	by	such	Conduit	Lender	during	such	Interest	Period;
provided,	that
,	if	any	component	of	such	rate	is	a	discount	rate,	in	calculating	the	applicable	“Short-Term	Note	Rate”	for
such	day,	such	Conduit	Lender’s	agent	shall	for	such	component	use	the	rate	resulting	from	converting	such	discount	rate	to
an	interest	bearing	equivalent	rate	per	annum.
	
The	Short-Term	Note	Rate	applicable	to	
Salisbury	Receivables	Company	LLC	
shall	mean,	for	each	day	during	an	Interest
Period,	the	greater	of	(x)	zero	and	(y)	the	weighted	average	rate	at	which	interest	or	discount	is	accruing	on	or	in	respect	of
the	Short-Term	Notes	with	respect	to	such	Conduit	Lender	allocated,	in	whole	or	in	part,	by	the	related	Agent,	to	fund	the
purchase	or	maintenance	of	such	portion	of	such	Loan	Balance	(including,	without	limitation,	any	interest	attributable	to	the
commissions	of	placement	agents	and	dealers	in	respect	of	such	Short-Term
[***]	
Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has
been	requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
Notes	and	any	costs	associated	with	funding	small	or	odd-lot	amounts,	to	the	extent	that	such	commissions	or	costs	are
allocated,	in	whole	or	in	part,	to	such	Short-Term	Notes	by	such	Agent);	
provided,	that
,	notwithstanding	anything	herein	to
the	contrary,	the	Short-Term	Note	Rate	with	respect	to	Salisbury	Receivables	Company	LLC	shall,	at	the	election	of	the
related	Agent,	be	determined	by	such	Agent	by	application	of	this	definition	of	Short-Term	Note	Rate	with	the	words	“short-
term	promissory	notes	of	Sheffield	Receivables	Company	LLC”	replacing	the	words	“Short-Term	Notes	with	respect	to	such
Conduit	Lender”	or	“such	Short-Term	Notes”	wherever	they	appear	herein.
	
	
	
	
[***]	
Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has
been	requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.
Exhibit	12.1
Ratio	of	Earnings	to	Fixed	Charges
The	ratio	of	earnings	to	fixed	charges	for	each	of	the	periods	indicated	was	as	follows	(in	thousands):
	
	
	
Year	Ended	December	31,
	
	
	
2017
	
	
2016
	
	
2015
	
	
2014
	
	
2013
	
Earnings:
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Loss	before	income	taxes
	
$
(2,209,032
)
	
$
(746,348
)
	
$
(875,624
)
	
$
(284,636
)
	
$
(71,426
)
Add:	Fixed	charges
	
	
655,415
	
	
	
275,077
	
	
	
183,054
	
	
	
129,096
	
	
	
43,614
	
Add:	Amortization	of	capitalized	interest
	
	
14,706
	
	
	
9,789
	
	
	
4,261
	
	
	
1,953
	
	
	
1,406
	
Subtract:	Capitalized	interest
	
	
(124,913
)
	
	
(46,691
)
	
	
(41,477
)
	
	
(12,762
)
	
	
(3,501
)
Total	losses
	
$
(1,663,824
)
	
$
(508,173
)
	
$
(729,786
)
	
$
(166,349
)
	
$
(29,907
)
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Fixed	Charges:
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Interest	expense
	
$
471,259
	
	
$
198,810
	
	
$
118,851
	
	
$
100,886
	
	
$
32,934
	
Capitalized	interest
	
	
124,913
	
	
	
46,691
	
	
	
41,477
	
	
	
12,762
	
	
	
3,501
	
Interest	factor	in	rental	expense	(1)
	
	
59,243
	
	
	
29,576
	
	
	
22,726
	
	
	
15,448
	
	
	
7,179
	
Total	fixed	charges
	
$
655,415
	
	
$
275,077
	
	
$
183,054
	
	
$
129,096
	
	
$
43,614
	
Ratio	of	earnings	to	fixed	charges	(2)
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
(1)
Determined	using	an	assumed	interest	factor	of	33%	of	rental	expense
	
(2)
Earnings	were	inadequate	to	cover	fixed	charges	by	$2.32	billion,	$783.3	million,	$912.8	million,	$295.4	million	and	$73.5	million	for	the	years
ended	December	31,	2017,	2016,	2015,	2014	and	2013,	respectively.
Exhibit	21.1
SUBSIDIARIES	OF	TESLA,	INC.
	
Name	of	Subsidiary
	
Jurisdiction	of
Incorporation	or	Organization
Allegheny	Solar	1,	LLC
	
Delaware
Allegheny	Solar	Manager	1,	LLC
	
Delaware
Ancon	Holdings	II,	LLC
	
Delaware
Ancon	Holdings	III,	LLC
	
Delaware
Ancon	Holdings,	LLC
	
Delaware
Ancon	Solar	Corporation
	
Delaware
Ancon	Solar	I,	LLC
	
Delaware
Ancon	Solar	II	Lessee	Manager,	LLC
	
Delaware
Ancon	Solar	II	Lessee,	LLC
	
Delaware
Ancon	Solar	II	Lessor,	LLC
	
Delaware
Ancon	Solar	III	Lessee	Manager,	LLC
	
Delaware
Ancon	Solar	III	Lessee,	LLC
	
Delaware
Ancon	Solar	III	Lessor,	LLC
	
Delaware
Ancon	Solar	Managing	Member	I,	LLC
	
Delaware
Arpad	Solar	Borrower,	LLC
	
Delaware
Arpad	Solar	I,	LLC
	
Delaware
Arpad	Solar	Manager	I,	LLC
	
Delaware
AU	Solar	1,	LLC
	
Delaware
AU	Solar	2,	LLC
	
Delaware
Banyan	SolarCity	Manager	2010,	LLC
	
Delaware
Banyan	SolarCity	Owner	2010,	LLC
	
Delaware
Basking	Solar	I,	LLC
	
Delaware
Beatrix	Solar	I,	LLC
	
Delaware
Bernese	Solar	Manager	I,	LLC
	
Delaware
Blue	Skies	Solar	I,	LLC
	
Delaware
Blue	Skies	Solar	II,	LLC
	
Delaware
Building	Solutions	Acquisition	Corporation
	
Delaware
Caballero	Solar	Managing	Member	I,	LLC
	
Delaware
Caballero	Solar	Managing	Member	II,	LLC
	
Delaware
Caballero	Solar	Managing	Member	III,	LLC
	
Delaware
Cardinal	Blue	Solar,	LLC
	
Delaware
Castello	Solar	I,	LLC
	
DelawareCastello	Solar	II,	LLC
	
Delaware
Castello	Solar	III,	LLC
	
Delaware
Chaparral	SREC	Borrower,	LLC
	
Delaware
Chaparral	SREC	Holdings,	LLC
	
Delaware
Chompie	Solar	I,	LLC
	
Delaware
Chompie	Solar	II,	LLC
	
Delaware
Chompie	Solar	Manager	I,	LLC
	
Delaware
Chompie	Solar	Manager	II,	LLC
	
Delaware
City	UB	Solar,	LLC
	
Delaware
Clydesdale	SC	Solar	I,	LLC
	
Delaware
Common	Assets	Capital,	LLC
	
Delaware
Common	Assets	Financial,	LLC
	
Delaware
Common	Assets	Securities,	LLC
	
Delaware
Common	Assets	Technologies,	LLC
	
Delaware
Common	Assets,	LLC
	
Delaware
Dahlia	Holdings	I,	LLC
	
Delaware
Dahlia	Holdings	II,	LLC
	
Delaware
Dom	Solar	General	Partner	I,	LLC
	
Delaware
Dom	Solar	Limited	Partner	I,	LLC
	
Delaware
Eiger	Lease	Co,	LLC
	
Delaware
Energy	Freedom	Coalition	of	America,	LLC
	
Delaware
Falconer	Solar	Manager	I,	LLC
	
Delaware
Firehorn	Finance	Company,	LLC
	
Delaware
Firehorn	Solar	Manager	I,	LLC
	
DelawareFocalPoint	Solar	Borrower,	LLC
	
Delaware
FocalPoint	Solar	I,	LLC
	
Delaware
FocalPoint	Solar	Manager	I,	LLC
	
Delaware
Fontane	Solar	I,	LLC
	
Delaware
Fotovoltaica	GI	4,	S.	de	R.L.	de	C.V.
	
Mexico
Fotovoltaica	GI	5,	S.	de	R.L.	de	C.V.
	
Mexico
FTE	Solar	I,	LLC
	
Delaware
Grohmann	Engineering	Trading	(Shanghai)	Co.	Ltd.
	
China
Grohmann	USA,	Inc.
	
Delaware
Hammerhead	Solar,	LLC
	
Delaware
Hangzhou	Sai	Ang	Alectric	Power	Co.,	Ltd.	(Sierra	Solar	Power	(Hangzhou)	Co.,	Ltd.
	
China
Harpoon	Solar	I,	LLC
	
Delaware
Harpoon	Solar	Manager	I,	LLC
	
Delaware
Haymarket	Holdings,	LLC
	
Delaware
Haymarket	Manager	1,	LLC
	
Delaware
Haymarket	Solar	1,	LLC
	
Delaware
Ikehu	Manager	I,	LLC
	
Delaware
IL	Buono	Solar	I,	LLC
	
Delaware
Iliosson,	S.A.	de	C.V.
	
Mexico
Knight	Solar	Managing	Member	I,	LLC
	
Delaware
Knight	Solar	Managing	Member	II,	LLC
	
Delaware
Knight	Solar	Managing	Member	III,	LLC
	
Delaware
Landlord	2008-A,	LLC
	
Delaware
LML	Partnership,	LLC
	
Delaware
LML	Warehouse	SPV,	LLC
	
Delaware
Louis	Solar	II,	LLC
	
Delaware
Louis	Solar	III,	LLC
	
Delaware
Louis	Solar	Manager	II,	LLC
	
Delaware
Louis	Solar	Manager	III,	LLC
	
Delaware
Louis	Solar	Master	Tenant	I,	LLC
	
Delaware
Louis	Solar	MT	Manager	I,	LLC
	
Delaware
Louis	Solar	Owner	I,	LLC
	
Delaware
Louis	Solar	Owner	Manager	I,	LLC
	
Delaware
Mako	GB	SPV	Holdings,	LLC
	
Delaware
Mako	GB	SPV,	LLC
	
Delaware
Mako	Solar	Holdings,	LLC
	
Delaware
Mako	Solar,	LLC
	
Delaware
Master	Tenant	2008-A,	LLC
	
Delaware
Matterhorn	Solar	I,	LLC
	
Delaware
Megalodon	Solar,	LLC
	
Delaware
Monte	Rosa	Solar	I,	LLC
	
Delaware
Mound	Solar	Manager	V,	LLC
	
Delaware
Mound	Solar	Manager	VI,	LLC
	
Delaware
Mound	Solar	Manager	X,	LLC
	
Delaware
Mound	Solar	Manager	XI,	LLC
	
Delaware
Mound	Solar	Manager	XII,	LLC
	
Delaware
Mound	Solar	Master	Tenant	IX,	LLC
	
Delaware
Mound	Solar	Master	Tenant	V,	LLC
	
California
Mound	Solar	Master	Tenant	VI,	LLC
	
Delaware
Mound	Solar	Master	Tenant	VII,	LLC
	
Delaware
Mound	Solar	Master	Tenant	VIII,	LLC
	
Delaware
Mound	Solar	MT	Manager	IX,	LLC
	
Delaware
Mound	Solar	MT	Manager	VII,	LLC
	
Delaware
Mound	Solar	MT	Manager	VIII,	LLC
	
Delaware
Mound	Solar	Owner	IX,	LLC
	
Delaware
Mound	Solar	Owner	Manager	IX,	LLC
	
Delaware
Mound	Solar	Owner	Manager	VII,	LLC
	
Delaware
Mound	Solar	Owner	Manager	VIII,	LLC
	
Delaware
Mound	Solar	Owner	V,	LLC
	
California
Mound	Solar	Owner	VI,	LLC
	
Delaware
Mound	Solar	Owner	VII,	LLC
	
DelawareMound	Solar	Owner	VIII,	LLC
	
Delaware
Mound	Solar	Partnership	X,	LLC
	
Delaware
Mound	Solar	Partnership	XI,	LLC
	
Delaware
Mound	Solar	Partnership	XII,	LLC
	
Delaware
MS	SolarCity	2008,	LLC
	
Delaware
MS	SolarCity	Commercial	2008,	LLC
	
Delaware
MS	SolarCity	Residential	2008,	LLC
	
Delaware
MT	Solar	Corporation
	
Delaware
NBA	SolarCity	AFB,	LLC
	
California
NBA	SolarCity	Commercial	I,	LLC
	
California
NBA	SolarCity	Solar	Phoenix,	LLC
	
California
Northern	Nevada	Research	Co.,	LLC
	
Nevada
Oranje	Solar	I,	LLC
	
Delaware
Oranje	Solar	Manager	I,	LLC
	
Delaware
Paramount	Energy	Fund	I	Lessee,	LLC
	
Delaware
Paramount	Energy	Fund	I	Lessor,	LLC
	
Delaware
PEF	I	MM,	LLC
	
Delaware
Perbix	Machine	Company,	Inc.
	
Minnesota
Poppy	Acquisition	LLC
	
Delaware
Presidio	Solar	I,	LLC
	
Delaware
Presidio	Solar	II,	LLC
	
Delaware
Presidio	Solar	III,	LLC
	
Delaware
Pukana	La	Solar	I,	LLC
	
Delaware
Roadster	Automobile	Sales	and	Service	(Beijing)	Co.,	Ltd.
	
China
Roadster	Finland	Oy
	
Finland
Sequoia	Pacific	Holdings,	LLC
	
Delaware
Sequoia	Pacific	Manager	I,	LLC
	
Delaware
Sequoia	Pacific	Solar	I,	LLC
	
Delaware
Sequoia	SolarCity	Owner	I,	LLC
	
Delaware
Servicios	de	Technología	Y	Admninstración	Ilioss,	S.A.	de	C.V.
	
Mexico
Sierra	Solar	Power	(Hong	Kong)	Limited
	
Hong	Kong
Silevo,	LLC
	
Delaware
Solar	Aquarium	Holdings,	LLC
	
Delaware
Solar	Energy	of	America	1,	LLC
	
Delaware
Solar	Energy	of	America	Holdco,	LLC
	
Delaware
Solar	Energy	of	America	Manager	1,	LLC
	
Delaware
Solar	Explorer,	LLC
	
Delaware
Solar	Grove	Holdings,	LLC
	
Delaware
Solar	House	I,	LLC
	
Delaware
Solar	House	II,	LLC
	
Delaware
Solar	House	III,	LLC
	
Delaware
Solar	House	IV,	LLC
	
Delaware
Solar	Integrated	Fund	I,	LLC
	
Delaware
Solar	Integrated	Fund	II,	LLC
	
Delaware
Solar	Integrated	Fund	III,	LLC
	
Delaware
Solar	Integrated	Fund	IV-A,	LLC
	
Delaware
Solar	Integrated	Fund	V,	LLC
	
Delaware
Solar	Integrated	Manager	I,	LiLC
	
Delaware
Solar	Integrated	Manager	II,	LLC
	
Delaware
Solar	Integrated	Manager	III,	LLC
	
Delaware
Solar	Integrated	Manager	IV-A,	LLC
	
Delaware
Solar	Integrated	Manager	V,	LLC
	
Delaware
Solar	Odyssey	Holdings,	LLC
	
Delaware
Solar	Services	Company,	LLC
	
Delaware
Solar	Ulysses	Manager	I,	LLC
	
Delaware
Solar	Ulysses	Manager	II,	LLC
	
Delaware
Solar	Voyager,	LLC
	
Delaware
Solar	Warehouse	Manager	I,	LLC
	
Delaware
Solar	Warehouse	Manager	II,	LLC
	
Delaware
Solar	Warehouse	Manager	III,	LLC
	
Delaware
Solar	Warehouse	Manager	IV,	LLC
	
Delaware
SolarCity	Alpine	Holdings,	LLC
	
DelawareSolarCity	Amphitheatre	Holdings,	LLC
	
Delaware
SolarCity	Arbor	Holdings,	LLC
	
Delaware
SolarCity	Arches	Holdings,	LLC
	
Delaware
SolarCity	AU	Holdings,	LLC
	
Delaware
SolarCity	Cruyff	Holdings,	LLC
	
Delaware
SolarCity	Electrical	New	York	Corporation
	
Delaware
SolarCity	Electrical,	LLC
	
Delaware
SolarCity	Engineering,	Inc.
	
California
SolarCity	Finance	Company,	LLC
	
Delaware
SolarCity	Finance	Holdings,	LLC
	
Delaware
SolarCity	Foxborough	Holdings,	LLC
	
Delaware
SolarCity	FTE	Series	1,	LLC
	
Delaware
SolarCity	FTE	Series	2,	LLC
	
Delaware
SolarCity	Fund	Holdings,	LLC
	
Delaware
SolarCity	Giants	Holdings,	LLC
	
Delaware
SolarCity	Grand	Canyon	Holdings,	LLC
	
Delaware
SolarCity	Holdings	2008,	LLC
	
Delaware
SolarCity	International,	Inc.
	
Delaware
SolarCity	Leviathan	Holdings,	LLC
	
Delaware
SolarCity	LMC	Series	I,	LLC
	
Delaware
SolarCity	LMC	Series	II,	LLC
	
Delaware
SolarCity	LMC	Series	III,	LLC
	
Delaware
SolarCity	LMC	Series	IV,	LLC
	
Delaware
SolarCity	LMC	Series	V,	LLC
	
Delaware
SolarCity	Mid-Atlantic	Holdings,	LLC
	
Delaware
SolarCity	Nitro	Holdings,	LLC
	
Delaware
SolarCity	Orange	Holdings,	LLC
	
Delaware
SolarCity	Pierpont	Holdings,	LLC
	
Delaware
SolarCity	Series	Holdings	I,	LLC
	
Delaware
SolarCity	Series	Holdings	II,	LLC
	
Delaware
SolarCity	Series	Holdings	IV,	LLC
	
Delaware
SolarCity	Steep	Holdings,	LLC
	
Delaware
SolarCity	Ulu	Holdings,	LLC
	
Delaware
SolarCity	Village	Holdings,	LLC
	
Delaware
SolarRock,	LLC
	
Delaware
SolarStrong	Holdings,	LLC
	
Delaware
SolarStrong,	LLC
	
Delaware
Sparrowhawk	Solar	I,	LLC
	
Delaware
SREC	Holdings,	LLC
	
Delaware
Sunshine	Storage	I,	LLC
	
Delaware
Sunshine	Storage	II,	LLC
	
Delaware
Sunshine	Storage	III,	LLC
	
Delaware
TALT	Holdings,	LLC
	
Delaware
TES	2017-1,	LLC
	
Delaware
TES	2017-2,	LLC
	
Delaware
TES	Holdings	2017-1,	LLC
	
Delaware
Tesla	(Beijing)	New	Energy	R&D	Co.,	Ltd.
	
China
Tesla	2014	Warehouse	SPV	LLC
	
Delaware
Tesla	Auto	Lease	Trust	2018-A
	
Delaware
Tesla	Automobile	Distribution	(Beijing)	Co.,	Ltd.
	
China
Tesla	Automobile	Sales	and	Service	(Beijing)	Co.,	Ltd.
	
China
Tesla	Automobile	Sales	and	Service	(Chengdu)	Co.,	Ltd.
	
China
Tesla	Automobile	Sales	and	Service	(Guangzhou)	Co.,	Ltd.
	
China
Tesla	Automobile	Sales	and	Service	(Hangzhou)	Co.,	Ltd.
	
China
Tesla	Automobile	Sales	and	Service	(Nanjing)	Co.,	Ltd.
	
China
Tesla	Automobile	Sales	and	Service	(Ningbo)	Co.,	Ltd.
	
China
Tesla	Automobile	Sales	and	Service	(Qingdao)	Co.,	Ltd.
	
China
Tesla	Automobile	Sales	and	Service	(Shanghai)	Co.,	Ltd.
	
China
Tesla	Automobile	Sales	and	Service	(Shenzhen)	Co.,	Ltd.
	
China
Tesla	Automobile	Sales	and	Service	(Tianjin)	Co.	Ltd.
	
China
Tesla	Automobile	Sales	and	Service	(Wuhan)	Co.,	Ltd.
	
China
Tesla	Automobile	Sales	and	Service	(Xi'an)	Co.,	Ltd.
	
ChinaTesla	Automobiles	Sales	and	Service	Mexico,	S.	de	R.L.	de	C.V.
	
Mexico
Tesla	Belgium	BVBA
	
Belgium
Tesla	Canada	GP	Inc.
	
Canada
Tesla	Canada	LP
	
Canada
Tesla	Energia	Macau	Limitada
	
Macau
Tesla	Energy	Electrical	LLC
	
Delaware
Tesla	Energy	Operations,	Inc.
	
Delaware
Tesla	Energy	Operations,	Inc.	(formerly	SolarCity	Corporation)
	
Delaware
Tesla	Energy	Sales	LLC
	
Delaware
Tesla	Finance	LLC
	
Delaware
Tesla	Financial	Services	GmbH
	
Germany
Tesla	Financial	Services	Holdings	B.V.
	
Netherlands
Tesla	Financial	Services	Limited
	
United	Kingdom
Tesla	France	S.à	r.l.
	
France
Tesla	Germany	GmbH
	
Germany
Tesla	Grohmann	Automation	GmbH
	
Germany
Tesla	Insurance	Services,	Inc.
	
California
Tesla	International	B.V.
	
Netherlands
Tesla	Italy	S.r.l.
	
Italy
Tesla	Jordan	Car	Trading	LLC
	
Jordan
Tesla	Korea	Limited
	
Republic	of	Korea
Tesla	Lease	Trust
	
Delaware
Tesla	Motors	Australia,	Pty	Ltd
	
Australia
Tesla	Motors	Austria	GmbH
	
Austria
Tesla	Motors	Canada	ULC
	
Canada
Tesla	Motors	Coöperatief	U.A.
	
Netherlands
Tesla	Motors	Denmark	ApS
	
Denmark
Tesla	Motors	Exports	LLC
	
Delaware
Tesla	Motors	FL,	Inc.
	
Florida
Tesla	Motors	HK	Limited
	
Hong	Kong
Tesla	Motors	Ireland	Limited
	
Ireland
Tesla	Motors	Japan	GK
	
Japan
Tesla	Motors	Limited
	
United	Kingdom
Tesla	Motors	Luxembourg	S.à	r.l.
	
Luxembourg
Tesla	Motors	MA,	Inc.
	
Massachusetts
Tesla	Motors	Netherlands	B.V.
	
Netherlands
Tesla	Motors	New	York	LLC
	
New	York
Tesla	Motors	NL	LLC
	
Delaware
Tesla	Motors	Norway	AS
	
Norway
Tesla	Motors	NV,	Inc.
	
Nevada
Tesla	Motors	PA,	Inc.
	
Pennsylvania
Tesla	Motors	Sales	and	Service	LLC
	
Turkey
Tesla	Motors	Singapore	Holdings	Pte.	Ltd.
	
Singapore
Tesla	Motors	Singapore	Private	Limited
	
Singapore
Tesla	Motors	Stichting
	
Netherlands
Tesla	Motors	Switzerland	GmbH
	
Switzerland
Tesla	Motors	Taiwan	Limited
	
Taiwan
Tesla	Motors	TN,	Inc.
	
Tennessee
Tesla	Motors	TX,	Inc.
	
Texas
Tesla	Motors	UT,	Inc.
	
Utah
Tesla	New	Zealand	ULC
	
New	Zealand
Tesla	Portugal,	Sociedade	Unipessoal	LDA
	
Portugal
Tesla	Puerto	Rico	LLC
	
Puerto	Rico
Tesla	Sales,	Inc.
	
Delaware
Tesla	Services	Sdn.	Bhd.
	
Malaysia
Tesla	Spain,	S.L.	Unipersonal
	
Spain
The	Big	Green	Solar	Holdings,	LLC
	
Delaware
The	Big	Green	Solar	I,	LLC
	
Delaware
The	Big	Green	Solar	Manager	I,	LLC
	
Delaware
Three	Rivers	Solar	1,	LLC
	
Delaware
Three	Rivers	Solar	2,	LLC
	
Delaware
Three	Rivers	Solar	3,	LLC
	
DelawareThree	Rivers	Solar	Holding	Company,	LLC
	
Delaware
Three	Rivers	Solar	Manager	1,	LLC
	
Delaware
Three	Rivers	Solar	Manager	2,	LLC
	
Delaware
Three	Rivers	Solar	Manager	3,	LLC
	
Delaware
TM	International	C.V.
	
Netherlands
TM	Sweden	AB
	
Sweden
USB	SolarCity	Manager	2009,	LLC
	
Delaware
USB	SolarCity	Manager	2009-2010,	LLC
	
Delaware
USB	SolarCity	Manager	III,	LLC
	
Delaware
USB	SolarCity	Manager	IV,	LLC
	
Delaware
USB	SolarCity	Master	Tenant	2009,	LLC
	
California
USB	SolarCity	Master	Tenant	2009-2010,	LLC
	
California
USB	SolarCity	Master	Tenant	IV,	LLC
	
California
USB	SolarCity	Owner	2009,	LLC
	
California
USB	SolarCity	Owner	2009-2010,	LLC
	
California
USB	SolarCity	Owner	IV,	LLC
	
California
Viceroy	Solar	Holdings,	LLC
	
Delaware
Visigoth	Solar	1,	LLC
	
Delaware
Visigoth	Solar	Holdings,	LLC
	
Delaware
Visigoth	Solar	Managing	Member	1,	LLC
	
Delaware
Zep	Solar	Hong	Kong	Limited
	
Hong	Kong
Zep	Solar	LLC
	
California
Zep	Solar	Trading	Ltd
	
China
	
	
Exhibit	23.1
CONSENT	OF	INDEPENDENT	REGISTERED	PUBLIC	ACCOUNTING	FIRM
We	hereby	consent	to	the	incorporation	by	reference	in	the	Registration	Statements	on	Form	S-3	(Nos.	333-221378	and	333-211437)	and	S-8
(Nos.	333-216376,	333-209696,	333-198002,	333-187113,	333-183033,	and	333-167874)	of	Tesla,	Inc.	of	our	report	dated	February	22,	2018
relating	to	the	financial	statements	and	the	effectiveness	of	internal	control	over	financial	reporting,	which	appears	in	this	Form	10-K.
/s/	PricewaterhouseCoopers	LLP
	
San	Jose,	California
February	22,	2018
	
Exhibit	23.2
Consent	of	Independent	Registered	Public	Accounting	Firm
We	consent	to	the	incorporation	by	reference	in	this	Form	10-K	of	Tesla,	Inc.	(the	Company)	and	in	the	following	Registration	Statements:
	
•
Forms	S-3	(Nos.	333-221378	and	333-211437)	of	the	Company;	and
	
•
Forms	S-8	(Nos.	333-167874,	333-183033,	333-187113,	333-198002,	333-209696	and	333-216376)	pertaining	to	the	Tesla,	Inc.	2010	Equity
Incentive	Plan,	the	Tesla,	Inc.	2010	Employee	Stock	Purchase	Plan	and/or	the	Tesla	Motors,	Inc.	2003	Equity	Incentive	Plan	of	the	Company
of	our	report	dated	March	1,	2017,	with	respect	to	the	consolidated	financial	statements	of	SolarCity	Corporation	incorporated	by	reference	in	the	Annual
Report	(Form	10-K)	for	the	year	ended	December	31,	2016.
/s/	Ernst	&	Young	LLP
Los	Angeles,	California
February	22,	2018
	
Exhibit	31.1
CERTIFICATIONS
I,	Elon	Musk,	certify	that:
1.
I	have	reviewed	this	Annual	Report	on	Form	10-K	of	Tesla,	Inc.;
2.
Based	on	my	knowledge,	this	report	does	not	contain	any	untrue	statement	of	a	material	fact	or	omit	to	state	a	material	fact	necessary	to	make	the
statements	made,	in	light	of	the	circumstances	under	which	such	statements	were	made,	not	misleading	with	respect	to	the	period	covered	by	this
report;
3.
Based	on	my	knowledge,	the	financial	statements,	and	other	financial	information	included	in	this	report,	fairly	present	in	all	material	respects	the
financial	condition,	results	of	operations	and	cash	flows	of	the	registrant	as	of,	and	for,	the	periods	presented	in	this	report;
4.
The	registrant’s	other	certifying	officer	and	I	are	responsible	for	establishing	and	maintaining	disclosure	controls	and	procedures	(as	defined	in
Exchange	Act	Rules	13a-15(e)	and	15d-15(e))	and	internal	control	over	financial	reporting	(as	defined	in	Exchange	Act	Rules	13a-15(f)	and	15d-
15(f))	for	the	registrant	and	have:
	
(a)
Designed	such	disclosure	controls	and	procedures,	or	caused	such	disclosure	controls	and	procedures	to	be	designed	under	our
supervision,	to	ensure	that	material	information	relating	to	the	registrant,	including	its	consolidated	subsidiaries,	is	made	known	to	us	by
others	within	those	entities,	particularly	during	the	period	in	which	this	report	is	being	prepared;
	
(b)
Designed	such	internal	control	over	financial	reporting,	or	caused	such	internal	control	over	financial	reporting	to	be	designed	under	our
supervision,	to	provide	reasonable	assurance	regarding	the	reliability	of	financial	reporting	and	the	preparation	of	financial	statements	for
external	purposes	in	accordance	with	generally	accepted	accounting	principles;
	
(c)
Evaluated	the	effectiveness	of	the	registrant’s	disclosure	controls	and	procedures	and	presented	in	this	report	our	conclusions	about	the
effectiveness	of	the	disclosure	controls	and	procedures,	as	of	the	end	of	the	period	covered	by	this	report	based	on	such	evaluation;	and
	
(d)
Disclosed	in	this	report	any	change	in	the	registrant’s	internal	control	over	financial	reporting	that	occurred	during	the	registrant’s	mostrecent	fiscal	quarter	(the	registrant’s	fourth	fiscal	quarter	in	the	case	of	an	annual	report)	that	has	materially	affected,	or	is	reasonably
likely	to	materially	affect,	the	registrant’s	internal	control	over	financial	reporting;	and
5.
The	registrant’s	other	certifying	officer	and	I	have	disclosed,	based	on	our	most	recent	evaluation	of	internal	control	over	financial	reporting,	to
the	registrant’s	auditors	and	the	audit	committee	of	the	registrant’s	Board	of	Directors	(or	persons	performing	the	equivalent	functions):
	
(a)
All	significant	deficiencies	and	material	weaknesses	in	the	design	or	operation	of	internal	control	over	financial	reporting	which	are
reasonably	likely	to	adversely	affect	the	registrant’s	ability	to	record,	process,	summarize	and	report	financial	information;	and
	
(b)
Any	fraud,	whether	or	not	material,	that	involves	management	or	other	employees	who	have	a	significant	role	in	the	registrant’s	internal
control	over	financial	reporting.
	
Date:	February	22,	2018
	
	
/s/	Elon	Musk
	
	
	
Elon	Musk
	
	
	
Chief	Executive	Officer
	
	
	
(Principal	Executive	Officer)
	
	
	
Exhibit	31.2
CERTIFICATIONS
I,	Deepak	Ahuja,	certify	that:
1.
I	have	reviewed	this	Annual	Report	on	Form	10-K	of	Tesla,	Inc.;
2.
Based	on	my	knowledge,	this	report	does	not	contain	any	untrue	statement	of	a	material	fact	or	omit	to	state	a	material	fact	necessary	to	make	the
statements	made,	in	light	of	the	circumstances	under	which	such	statements	were	made,	not	misleading	with	respect	to	the	period	covered	by	this
report;
3.
Based	on	my	knowledge,	the	financial	statements,	and	other	financial	information	included	in	this	report,	fairly	present	in	all	material	respects	the
financial	condition,	results	of	operations	and	cash	flows	of	the	registrant	as	of,	and	for,	the	periods	presented	in	this	report;
4.
The	registrant’s	other	certifying	officer	and	I	are	responsible	for	establishing	and	maintaining	disclosure	controls	and	procedures	(as	defined	in
Exchange	Act	Rules	13a-15(e)	and	15d-15(e))	and	internal	control	over	financial	reporting	(as	defined	in	Exchange	Act	Rules	13a-15(f)	and	15d-
15(f))	for	the	registrant	and	have:
	
(a)
Designed	such	disclosure	controls	and	procedures,	or	caused	such	disclosure	controls	and	procedures	to	be	designed	under	our
supervision,	to	ensure	that	material	information	relating	to	the	registrant,	including	its	consolidated	subsidiaries,	is	made	known	to	us	by
others	within	those	entities,	particularly	during	the	period	in	which	this	report	is	being	prepared;
	
(b)
Designed	such	internal	control	over	financial	reporting,	or	caused	such	internal	control	over	financial	reporting	to	be	designed	under	our
supervision,	to	provide	reasonable	assurance	regarding	the	reliability	of	financial	reporting	and	the	preparation	of	financial	statements	for
external	purposes	in	accordance	with	generally	accepted	accounting	principles;
	
(c)
Evaluated	the	effectiveness	of	the	registrant’s	disclosure	controls	and	procedures	and	presented	in	this	report	our	conclusions	about	the
effectiveness	of	the	disclosure	controls	and	procedures,	as	of	the	end	of	the	period	covered	by	this	report	based	on	such	evaluation;	and
	
(d)
Disclosed	in	this	report	any	change	in	the	registrant’s	internal	control	over	financial	reporting	that	occurred	during	the	registrant’s	most
recent	fiscal	quarter	(the	registrant’s	fourth	fiscal	quarter	in	the	case	of	an	annual	report)	that	has	materially	affected,	or	is	reasonably
likely	to	materially	affect,	the	registrant’s	internal	control	over	financial	reporting;	and
5.
The	registrant’s	other	certifying	officer	and	I	have	disclosed,	based	on	our	most	recent	evaluation	of	internal	control	over	financial	reporting,	to
the	registrant’s	auditors	and	the	audit	committee	of	the	registrant’s	Board	of	Directors	(or	persons	performing	the	equivalent	functions):
	
(a)
All	significant	deficiencies	and	material	weaknesses	in	the	design	or	operation	of	internal	control	over	financial	reporting	which	are
reasonably	likely	to	adversely	affect	the	registrant’s	ability	to	record,	process,	summarize	and	report	financial	information;	and
	
(b)
Any	fraud,	whether	or	not	material,	that	involves	management	or	other	employees	who	have	a	significant	role	in	the	registrant’s	internal
control	over	financial	reporting.
	
Date:	February	22,	2018
	
	
/s/	Deepak	Ahuja
	
	
	
Deepak	Ahuja
	
	
	
Chief	Financial	Officer
	
	
	
(Principal	Financial	Officer)
	
	
Exhibit	32.1
SECTION	1350	CERTIFICATIONS
I,	Elon	Musk,	certify,	pursuant	to	18	U.S.C.	Section	1350,	that,	to	my	knowledge,	the	Annual	Report	of	Tesla,	Inc.	on	Form	10-K	for	the	annual	period
ended	December	31,	2017,	(i)	fully	complies	with	the	requirements	of	Section	13(a)	or	15(d)	of	the	Securities	Exchange	Act	of	1934	and	(ii)	that	the
information	contained	in	such	Form	10-K	fairly	presents,	in	all	material	respects,	the	financial	condition	and	results	of	operations	of	Tesla,	Inc.
	
Date:	February	22,	2018
	
	
/s/	Elon	Musk	
	
	
	
Elon	Musk
	
	
	
Chief	Executive	Officer
	
	
	
(Principal	Executive	Officer)
I,	Deepak	Ahuja,	certify,	pursuant	to	18	U.S.C.	Section	1350,	that,	to	my	knowledge,	the	Annual	Report	of	Tesla,	Inc.	on	Form	10-K	for	the	annual	period
ended	December	31,	2017,	(i)	fully	complies	with	the	requirements	of	Section	13(a)	or	15(d)	of	the	Securities	Exchange	Act	of	1934	and	(ii)	that	the
information	contained	in	such	Form	10-K	fairly	presents,	in	all	material	respects,	the	financial	condition	and	results	of	operations	of	Tesla,	Inc.
	
Date:	February	22,	2018
	
	
/s/	Deepak	Ahuja
	
	
	
Deepak	Ahuja
	
	
	
Chief	Financial	Officer	
	
	
(Principal	Financial	Officer)
	
	
	