10-K	
1	
d452995d10k.htm	
FORM	10-K
Table	of	Contents
	
	
UNITED	STATES
SECURITIES	AND	EXCHANGE	COMMISSION
Washington,	D.C.	20549
FORM	10-K
(Mark	One)
x
ANNUAL	REPORT	PURSUANT	TO	SECTION	13	OR	15(d)	OF	THE	SECURITIES	EXCHANGE	ACT	OF	1934
For	the	fiscal	year	ended	December	31,	2012
OR
	
¨
TRANSITION	REPORT	PURSUANT	TO	SECTION	13	OR	15(d)	OF	THE	SECURITIES	EXCHANGE	ACT	OF	1934
For	the	transition	period	from
																				to																					
Commission	File	Number:	001-34756
Tesla	Motors,	Inc.
(Exact	name	of	registrant	as	specified	in	its	charter)
Delaware
	
91-2197729
(State	or	other	jurisdiction	of
incorporation	or	organization)
	
(I.R.S.	Employer
Identification	No.)
3500	Deer	Creek	Road
Palo	Alto,	California
	
94304
(Address	of	principal	executive	offices)
	
(Zip	Code)
(650)	681-5000
(Registrant​s	telephone	number,	including	area	code)
	
	
Securities	registered	pursuant	to	Section	12(b)	of	the	Act:
	
Title	of	each	class
	
Name	of	each	exchange	on	which
registered
Common	Stock,	$0.001	par	value
	
The	NASDAQ	Stock	Market	LLC
Securities	registered	pursuant	to	Section	12(g)	of	the	Act:
None
Indicate	by	check	mark	whether	the	registrant	is	a	well-known	seasoned	issuer,	as	defined	in	Rule	405	of	the	Securities	Act.				Yes		
x
				No		
¨
Indicate	by	check	mark	if	the	registrant	is	not	required	to	file	reports	pursuant	to	Section	13	or	15(d)	of	the	Act.				Yes		
¨
				No		
x
Indicate	by	check	mark	whether	the	registrant	(1)	has	filed	all	reports	required	to	be	filed	by	Section	13	or	15(d)	of	the	Securities	Exchange	Act	of
1934	(​Exchange	Act​)	during	the	preceding	12	months	(or	for	such	shorter	period	that	the	registrant	was	required	to	file	such	reports),	and	(2)	has	been
subject	to	such	filing	requirements	for	the	past	90	days.				Yes		
x
				No		
¨
Indicate	by	check	mark	whether	the	registrant	has	submitted	electronically	and	posted	on	its	corporate	Web	site,	if	any,	every	Interactive	Data	File
required	to	be	submitted	and	posted	pursuant	to	Rule	405	of	Regulation	S-T	during	the	preceding	12	months	(or	for	such	shorter	period	that	the
registrant	was	required	to	submit	and	post	such	files).				Yes		
x
				No		
¨
Indicate	by	check	mark	if	disclosure	of	delinquent	filers	pursuant	to	Item	405	of	Regulation	S-K	(§229.405	of	this	chapter)	is	not	contained	herein,
and	will	not	be	contained,	to	the	best	of	registrant​s	knowledge,	in	definitive	proxy	or	information	statements	incorporated	by	reference	in	Part	III	of	this
Form	10-K	or	any	amendment	to	this	Form	10-K.		
¨
Indicate	by	check	mark	whether	the	registrant	is	a	large	accelerated	filer,	an	accelerated	filer,	a	non-accelerated	filer	or	a	smaller	reporting
company.	See	the	definitions	of	​large	accelerated	filer,​	​accelerated	filer,​	and	​smaller	reporting	company​	in	Rule	12b-2	of	the	Exchange	Act:
	
Large	accelerated	filer
	
x
		
Accelerated	filer
		
¨
Non-accelerated	filer
	
¨
	(Do	not	check	if	a	smaller	reporting	company)
		
Smaller	reporting	company
		
¨
Indicate	by	check	mark	whether	the	registrant	is	a	shell	company	(as	defined	in	Rule	12b-2	of	the	Exchange	Act).				Yes		
¨
				No		
x
The	aggregate	market	value	of	voting	stock	held	by	non-affiliates	of	the	registrant,	as	of	June	30,	2012,	the	last	day	of	registrant​s	most	recently
completed	second	fiscal	quarter,	was	$1,991,698,678	(based	on	the	closing	price	for	shares	of	the	registrant​s	Common	Stock	as	reported	by	the
NASDAQ	Global	Select	Market	on	June	30,	2012).	Shares	of	Common	Stock	held	by	each	executive	officer,	director,	and	holder	of	5%	or	more	of	the
outstanding	Common	Stock	have	been	excluded	in	that	such	persons	may	be	deemed	to	be	affiliates.	This	determination	of	affiliate	status	is	not
necessarily	a	conclusive	determination	for	other	purposes.
As	of	January	31,	2013,	there	were	114,517,973	shares	of	the	registrant​s	Common	Stock	outstanding.
DOCUMENTS	INCORPORATED	BY	REFERENCE
Portions	of	the	registrant​s	Proxy	Statement	for	the	2013	Annual	Meeting	of	Stockholders	are	incorporated	herein	by	reference	in	Part	III	of	this	Annual
Report	on	Form	10-K	to	the	extent	stated	herein.	Such	proxy	statement	will	be	filed	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission	within	120	days	of
the	registrant​s	fiscal	year	ended	December	31,	2012.
	
	
	Table	of	Contents
TESLA	MOTORS,	INC.
ANNUAL	REPORT	ON	FORM	10-K	FOR	THE	YEAR	ENDED	DECEMBER	31,	2012
INDEX
	
	
		
	
		
Page
	
PART	I
.
		
		
Item	1.
		
Business
		
	
4
		
Item	1A.
		
Risk	Factors
		
	
24
		
Item	1B.
		
Unresolved	Staff	Comments
		
	
61
		
Item	2.
		
Properties
		
	
61
		
Item	3.
		
Legal	Proceedings
		
	
62
		
PART	II.
		
		
Item	5.
		
Market	for	Registrant​s	Common	Equity,	Related	Stockholder	Matters	and	Issuer	Purchases	of	Equity	Securities
		
	
62
		
Item	6.
		
Selected	Financial	Data
		
	
64
		
Item	7.
		
Management​s	Discussion	and	Analysis	of	Financial	Condition	and	Results	of	Operations
		
	
66
		
Item	7A.
		
Quantitative	and	Qualitative	Disclosures	About	Market	Risk
		
	
90
		
Item	8.
		
Financial	Statements	and	Supplementary	Data
		
	
91
		
Item	9.
		
Changes	in	and	Disagreements	with	Accountants	on	Accounting	and	Financial	Disclosure
		
	
128
		
Item	9A.
		
Controls	and	Procedures
		
	
128
		
Item	9B.
		
Other	Information
		
	
129
		
PART	III.
		
		
Item	10.
		
Directors,	Executive	Officers	and	Corporate	Governance
		
	
130
		
Item	11.
		
Executive	Compensation
		
	
130
		
Item	12.
		
Security	Ownership	of	Certain	Beneficial	Owners	and	Management	and	Related	Stockholder	Matters
		
	
130
		
Item	13.
		
Certain	Relationships	and	Related	Transactions,	and	Director	Independence
		
	
130
		
Item	14.
		
Principal	Accountant	Fees	and	Services
		
	
130
		
PART	IV.		
		
Item	15.
		
Exhibits	and	Financial	Statement	Schedules
		
	
130
		
Signatures
		
		
	
140
		
	
2Table	of	Contents
Forward-Looking	Statements
The	discussions	in	this	Annual	Report	on	Form	10-K	contain	forward-looking	statements	reflecting	our	current	expectations	that	involve	risks	and
uncertainties.	These	forward-looking	statements	include,	but	are	not	limited	to,	statements	concerning	our	strategy,	future	operations,	future	financial
position,	future	revenues,	projected	costs,	profitability,	expected	cost	reductions,	capital	adequacy,	expectations	regarding	demand	and	acceptance	for
our	technologies,	growth	opportunities	and	trends	in	the	market	in	which	we	operate,	prospects	and	plans	and	objectives	of	management.	The	words
​anticipates​,	​believes​,	​estimates​,	​expects​,	​intends​,	​may​,	​plans​,	​projects​,	​will​,	​would​	and	similar	expressions	are	intended	to	identify	forward-looking
statements,	although	not	all	forward-looking	statements	contain	these	identifying	words.	We	may	not	actually	achieve	the	plans,	intentions	or
expectations	disclosed	in	our	forward-looking	statements	and	you	should	not	place	undue	reliance	on	our	forward-looking	statements.	Actual	results	or
events	could	differ	materially	from	the	plans,	intentions	and	expectations	disclosed	in	the	forward-looking	statements	that	we	make.	These	forward-
looking	statements	involve	risks	and	uncertainties	that	could	cause	our	actual	results	to	differ	materially	from	those	in	the	forward-looking	statements,
including,	without	limitation,	the	risks	set	forth	in	Part	I,	Item	1A,	​Risk	Factors​	in	this	Annual	Report	on	Form	10-K	and	in	our	other	filings	with	the
Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	We	do	not	assume	any	obligation	to	update	any	forward-looking	statements.
	
3Table	of	Contents
PART	I
	
ITEM	1.
BUSINESS
We	design,	develop,	manufacture	and	sell	high-performance	fully	electric	vehicles	and	advanced	electric	vehicle	powertrain	components.	We	own
our	sales	and	service	network	and	have	operationally	structured	our	business	in	a	manner	that	we	believe	will	enable	us	to	rapidly	develop	and	launch
advanced	electric	vehicles	and	technologies.	We	believe	our	vehicles,	electric	vehicle	engineering	expertise,	and	operational	structure	differentiates	us
from	incumbent	automobile	manufacturers.
We	are	the	first	company	to	commercially	produce	a	federally-compliant	electric	vehicle,	the	Tesla	Roadster,	which	achieves	a	market-leading
range	on	a	single	charge	combined	with	attractive	design,	driving	performance	and	zero	tailpipe	emissions.	As	of	December	31,	2012,	we	had	delivered
approximately	2,450	Tesla	Roadsters	to	customers	in	over	30	countries.	While	we	have	concluded	the	production	run	of	the	Tesla	Roadster,	its
proprietary	electric	vehicle	powertrain	system	is	the	foundation	of	our	business.	We	modified	this	system	for	our	Model	S	sedan	and	plan	to	continue	to
enhance	it	for	use	in	our	future	electric	vehicles,	including	our	Model	X	crossover.
We	began	shipments	of	our	second	vehicle,	the	Model	S	sedan,	in	June	2012.	Model	S	is	a	four	door,	five-passenger	premium	sedan	that	offers
exceptional	performance,	functionality	and	attractive	styling.	As	of	December	31,	2012,	we	have	produced	over	3,100	Model	S	vehicles	and	delivered
approximately	2,650.	We	achieved	our	steady-state	production	run	rate	of	20,000	vehicles	per	year	in	December	2012.	Model	S	has	won	several	awards,
including	the	prestigious	
Motor	Trend
	Car	of	the	Year	for	2013.	As	of	December	31,	2012,	we	have	received	over	15,000	customer	reservations	(after
deliveries	and	cancellations	made	during	the	year)	for	Model	S	with	a	minimum	refundable	payment	of	$5,000.
We	are	adapting	the	platform	architecture	of	the	Model	S	to	develop	our	Model	X	crossover.	We	revealed	a	prototype	of	Model	X	in	February
2012	and	plan	to	begin	production	in	late	2014.	This	unique	vehicle	has	been	designed	to	fill	the	niche	between	the	roominess	of	a	minivan	and	the	style
of	an	SUV,	while	having	high	performance	features	such	as	a	dual	motor	all-wheel	drive	system.
In	addition	to	developing	our	own	vehicles,	we	provide	services	for	the	development	of	full	electric	powertrain	systems	and	components,	and	sell
electric	powertrain	components	to	other	automotive	manufacturers.	We	have	provided	development	services	and	powertrain	components	to	Daimler	AG
(Daimler)	for	its	Smart	fortwo,	A-Class,	and	B-Class	electric	vehicles.	We	also	have	developed	a	full	electric	powertrain	system	for	Toyota	Motor
Corporation	(Toyota)	for	use	in	its	RAV4	EV	and	began	shipping	production	components	to	Toyota	in	2012.
We	sell	and	service	our	electric	vehicles	through	our	company-owned	sales	and	service	network	in	North	America,	Europe	and	Asia.	Our	intent	is
to	offer	a	compelling	customer	experience	while	gathering	rapid	customer	feedback	and	achieving	operating	efficiencies,	better	control	over	the	costs	of
inventory,	warranty	service,	pricing,	and	the	development	of	the	Tesla	brand.	Our	Tesla	stores	do	not	carry	large	vehicle	inventories	and,	as	a	result,	do
not	require	corresponding	large	floor	spaces.	We	believe	the	benefits	we	receive	from	distribution	ownership	will	enable	us	to	improve	the	speed	of
product	development	and	improve	the	capital	efficiency	of	our	business.	We	believe	that	this	approach	provides	us	with	a	competitive	advantage	as
compared	to	incumbent	automobile	manufacturers.
Our	fully	electric	vehicles	combine	zero	tailpipe	emissions,	market	leading	range	on	a	single	charge,	impressive	acceleration,	and	pricing
competitive	with	other	vehicles	in	their	classes.	For	example,	our	Model	S	sedan	accelerates	from	zero	to	60	miles	per	hour	in	as	little	as	4.4	seconds
and	has	a	range	on	a	single	charge	of	up	to	265	miles.	We	offer	Model	S	with	a	variety	of	battery	pack	options	​	40	kWh,	60	kWh	and	85	kWh.	The
	
4Table	of	Contents
Model	S	with	the	40	kWh	option	has	an	effective	base	price	of	$52,400	in	the	United	States,	assuming	and	after	giving	effect	to	the	continuation	of	a
United	States	federal	tax	credit	of	$7,500	for	the	purchase	of	alternative	fuel	vehicles.	Even	without	the	tax	credit,	we	believe	our	list	prices	are
competitive	from	a	pricing	perspective	with	other	premium	vehicles.	We	believe	that	Model	S	demonstrates	our	ability	to	produce	increasingly
affordable	electric	vehicles	that	offer	long-range	capabilities	and	uncompromised	performance,	energy	efficiency,	convenience	and	design.
The	commercial	production	of	a	highway	capable,	fully	electric	vehicle	that	meets	consumers​	range	and	performance	expectations	requires
substantial	design,	engineering,	and	integration	work	on	almost	every	system	of	our	vehicles.	Our	roots	in	Silicon	Valley	have	enabled	us	to	recruit
engineers	with	strong	skills	in	electrical	engineering,	power	electronics	and	software	engineering.	We	have	complemented	this	talent	base	with
automotive	engineers	with	substantial	expertise	in	vehicle	engineering	and	manufacturing.	Our	ability	to	combine	expertise	in	electric	powertrain	and
vehicle	engineering	provides	a	broad	capability	in	electric	vehicle	design	and	systems	integration.	We	believe	these	capabilities,	coupled	with	our	focus
solely	on	electric	vehicle	technology	as	well	as	our	strong	in-house	engineering	and	manufacturing	capacity,	will	enable	us	to	sustain	the	electric	vehicle
industry	leadership	we	created	through	the	production	of	the	Tesla	Roadster	and	Model	S.
Our	battery	pack	and	electric	powertrain	system	has	enabled	us	to	deliver	market-leading	range	capability	on	our	vehicles	at	what	we	believe	is	a
compelling	battery	cost	per	kilowatt-hour.	Our	battery	packs	use	commercially	available	lithium-ion	battery	cells	and	contain	two	to	three	times	the
energy	of	any	other	commercially	available	electric	vehicle	battery	pack,	thereby	significantly	increasing	the	range	capabilities	of	our	vehicles.
Designing	an	electric	powertrain	and	a	vehicle	to	exploit	its	energy	efficiency	has	required	extensive	safety	testing	and	innovation	in	battery	packs,
motors,	powertrain	systems	and	vehicle	engineering.	Our	proprietary	technology	includes	cooling	systems,	safety	systems,	charge	balancing	systems,
battery	engineering	for	vibration	and	environmental	durability,	customized	motor	design	and	the	software	and	electronics	management	systems
necessary	to	manage	battery	and	vehicle	performance	under	demanding	real-life	driving	conditions.	These	technology	innovations	have	resulted	in	an
extensive	intellectual	property	portfolio​as	of	December	31,	2012,	we	had	117	issued	patents	and	more	than	258	pending	patent	applications	with	the
United	States	Patent	and	Trademark	Office	and	internationally	in	a	broad	range	of	areas.
We	are	designing	our	vehicles	to	enable	the	cost	effective	development	of	our	future	vehicles.	For	example,	we	have	designed	Model	S	with	a
platform	architecture,	which	compactly	positions	the	battery	pack,	motor	and	other	elements	of	our	powertrain	within	the	frame	of	the	vehicle.	We
believe	this	architecture	will	form	the	basis	of	several	future	vehicles,	including	our	planned	Model	X	crossover,	and	enable	us	to	efficiently	and	cost
effectively	launch	these	new	vehicle	models	in	the	future.
Our	design	and	vehicle	engineering	capabilities,	combined	with	the	technical	advancements	of	our	powertrain	system,	have	enabled	us	to	design
and	develop	zero	tailpipe	emission	vehicles	that	we	believe	overcome	the	design,	styling,	and	performance	issues	that	we	believe	have	historically
limited	broad	consumer	adoption	of	electric	vehicles.	As	a	result,	we	believe	our	customers	enjoy	several	benefits,	including:
	
	
	
Long	Range	and	Recharging	Flexibility.
	Our	vehicles	offer	ranges	that	are	almost	double	the	range	of	any	other	commercially	available
electric	vehicle.	In	addition,	our	vehicles	incorporate	our	proprietary	on-board	charging	system,	permitting	recharging	from	almost	any
available	electrical	outlet.	Certain	battery	pack	versions	of	Model	S	also	offer	fast	charging	capability	from	our	Supercharger	network.	We
believe	the	long-range	and	charging	flexibility	of	our	vehicles	will	help	reduce	consumer	anxiety	over	range,	alleviate	the	need	for
expensive,	large-scale	charging	infrastructure,	and	differentiate	our	vehicles	as	compared	to	our	competitors​	currently	announced	electric
vehicle	product	offerings.
	
	
	
Energy	Efficiency	and	Cost	of	Ownership.
	We	believe	our	vehicles	offer	consumers	an	attractive	cost	of	ownership	when	compared	to
similar	internal	combustion	engine	or	hybrid	electric	vehicles.	Using	only	a	single	electric	powertrain	enables	us	to	create	a	lighter,	more
energy	efficient	vehicle	that	is
	
5Table	of	Contents
	
mechanically	simpler	than	currently	available	hybrid	or	internal	combustion	engine	vehicles.	We	also	expect	our	electric	vehicles	will	have
lower	relative	maintenance	costs	than	hybrid,	plug-in	hybrid,	or	internal	combustion	engine	vehicles	due	to	fewer	moving	parts	and	the
absence	of	certain	components,	including	oil,	oil	filters,	spark	plugs	and	engine	valves.	Additionally,	government	incentives	that	are
currently	available	can	reduce	the	cost	of	ownership	even	further.
	
	
	
High-Performance	Without	Compromised	Design	or	Functionality.
	We	believe	we	have	been	able	to	successfully	overcome	the	design	and
performance	tradeoff	issues	that	encumbered	most	early	electric	vehicle	designs.	We	believe	our	vehicles	deliver	unparalleled	driving
experiences	with	instantaneous	and	sustained	acceleration	through	an	extended	range	of	speed.	In	addition,	our	Model	S	seats	five	adults,
provides	best	in	class	storage	in	the	trunk	and	hood	while	offering	design	and	performance	comparable	to,	or	better	than,	other	premium
sedans.
Our	Vehicles	and	Products
We	currently	design,	manufacture	and	sell	fully	electric	vehicles	and	electric	powertrain	components.	We	are	currently	selling	primarily	the
Model	S	sedan.
Model	S
Model	S	is	a	fully	electric,	four-door,	five-adult	passenger	sedan	that	produces	zero	tailpipe	emissions	and	accelerates	from	zero	to	60	miles	per
hour	in	as	low	as	4.4	seconds	in	its	performance	version.	We	began	customer	deliveries	in	June	2012.	As	of	December	31,	2012,	we	had	produced	over
3,100	Model	S	vehicles	and	delivered	approximately	2,650.	In	addition,	as	of	December	31,	2012,	we	had	received	over	15,000	customer	reservations
(after	deliveries	and	cancellations	made	during	the	year)	with	a	minimum	refundable	payment	of	$5,000.
We	offer	Model	S	with	a	variety	of	battery	pack	options	​	40	kWh,	60	kWh	and	85	kWh	​	which	offer	a	range	on	a	single	charge	of	up	to	265	miles.
To	complement	its	range	capabilities,	we	also	offer	the	capability	to	fast	charge	Model	S	vehicles	equipped	with	either	the	60	kWh	or	85	kWh	battery
packs	at	our	Supercharger	facilities.	The	fast	charge	capability	allows	Model	S	owners	to	replenish	50%	of	the	battery	pack	in	as	little	as	30	minutes.	In
addition,	we	designed	Model	S	to	incorporate	a	modular	battery	pack	in	the	floor	of	the	vehicle,	enabling	it	to	be	rapidly	swapped	out	at	certain	of	our
service	centers	and	specialized	commercial	battery	exchange	facilities	that	we	anticipate	may	be	available	in	the	future.
We	believe	Model	S	offers	a	compelling	combination	of	functionality,	convenience	and	styling	without	compromising	performance	and	energy
efficiency.	With	the	battery	pack	in	the	floor	of	the	vehicle	and	the	motor	and	gearbox	in	line	with	the	rear	axle,	Model	S	provides	best	in	class	storage
space	of	31.6	cubic	feet,	including	storage	under	both	the	tailgate	and	the	hood.	By	way	of	comparison,	this	storage	space	exceeds	the	approximately	14
cubic	feet	of	storage	available	in	the	2009	BMW	5	Series	sedan	and	the	approximately	21	cubic	feet	of	storage	available	in	the	2009	Lincoln	Town	Car.
In	addition,	we	have	designed	Model	S	to	include	a	third	row	with	two	rear-facing	child	seats,	allowing	us	to	offer	seating	for	five	adults	and	two
children.	Model	S	is	also	available	with	premium	luxury	features,	including	a	17	inch	touch	screen	driver	interface,	advanced	wireless	connectivity,	such
as	3G	connectivity,	and	driver	customization	of	the	infotainment	and	climate	control	systems	of	the	vehicle.	We	have	designed	Model	S	with	the	intent
to	achieve	a	five	star	safety	rating.	We	believe	the	intended	combination	of	performance,	styling,	convenience	and	energy	efficiency	of	Model	S	will	help
position	it	as	a	compelling	alternative	to	other	vehicles	in	the	luxury	and	performance	segments.
The	40	kWh,	60	kWh	and	85	kWh	battery	pack	options	of	Model	S	will	have	an	effective	base	price	of	$52,400,	$62,400,	and	$72,400,
respectively,	in	the	United	States,	assuming	and	after	giving	effect	to	the	continuation	of	a	United	States	federal	tax	credit	of	$7,500	for	the	purchase	of
alternative	fuel	vehicles.	Even	without	the	tax	credit,	we	believe	the	base	list	prices	will	be	competitive	with	those	of	other	premium	vehicles.	We	also
offer	a	performance	version	of	Model	S.	Equipped	with	the	85	kWh	battery	pack	and	a	high	performance	drive	inverter,	the	Model	S	performance
version	accelerates	from	zero	to	60	miles	per	hour	in	4.4	seconds.	The	effective	base	price	of	the	Model	S	performance	version	is	$87,400.
	
6Table	of	Contents
We	have	designed	Model	S	to	provide	a	lower	cost	of	ownership	as	compared	to	other	vehicles	in	its	class.	We	consider	the	purchase	price,	cost	of
fuel	and	the	cost	of	maintenance	over	a	six	year	ownership	period	in	this	calculation.	We	assume	comparable	residual	values,	warranties,	insurance
costs	and	promotions	and	assume	that	currently	available	consumer	incentives	are	still	available	at	the	time	of	a	Model	S	purchase.	In	addition	to	the
competitive	pricing	of	Model	S	relative	to	other	premium	vehicles,	we	estimate	that	customers	of	electric	vehicles	will	enjoy	lower	fuel	costs.	For
example,	assuming	an	average	of	12,000	miles	driven	per	year,	an	average	electricity	cost	of	11.2	cents	per	kilowatt-hour	and	an	average	gasoline	price
of	$3.32	per	gallon	over	the	full	ownership	of	the	vehicle	which	were	the	average	electricity	cost	and	gasoline	price	in	the	United	States,	respectively,
for	January	2013,	and	based	on	our	estimate	of	the	energy	efficiency	of	Model	S,	we	estimate	that	our	Model	S	could	have	approximately	$1,800	per
year	less	in	fuel	costs	than	a	comparable	premium	internal	combustion	engine	sedan.	Furthermore,	we	expect	Model	S	will	have	lower	maintenance
costs	than	comparable	premium	internal	combustion	engine	sedans	due	to	fewer	moving	parts	and	the	absence	of	certain	components,	including	oil,	oil
filters,	spark	plugs	and	engine	valves.
The	Tesla	Roadster
Our	first	vehicle,	the	Tesla	Roadster,	is	the	first	high-performance	electric	sports	car.	The	two-seat,	convertible	Tesla	Roadster	has	a	combination
of	range,	style,	performance	and	energy	efficiency	that	we	believe	is	unmatched	in	the	market	today.	It	can	accelerate	from	zero	to	60	miles	per	hour	in
as	little	as	3.7	seconds	and	has	a	maximum	speed	of	approximately	120	miles	per	hour.	The	Tesla	Roadster	also	has	a	range	of	245	miles	on	a	single
charge,	as	determined	using	the	United	States	EPA​s,	combined	two-cycle	city/highway	test.
As	of	December	31,	2012,	we	had	delivered	almost	all	of	our	remaining	inventory	of	Tesla	Roadsters	to	customers	in	over	30	countries,	almost	all
of	which	were	sold	to	customers	in	North	America	and	Europe.	The	Tesla	Roadster	complies	with,	or	is	exempt	from,	all	applicable	vehicle	safety
standards	in	the	United	States,	the	European	Union	as	well	as	in	select	other	countries.	To	date,	our	customers	have	driven	the	Tesla	Roadster	for	an
estimated	aggregate	of	almost	30	million	miles.	We	concluded	the	production	run	of	the	Tesla	Roadster	in	January	2012.	We	are	selling	our	remaining
Tesla	Roadsters	primarily	in	Europe	and	Asia	until	our	inventory	is	depleted.
Model	X	and	Future	Vehicle	Roadmap
We	have	designed	Model	S	with	an	adaptable	platform	architecture	and	common	electric	powertrain	that	we	intend	to	leverage	to	create	future
electric	vehicle	models.	In	particular,	by	designing	our	electric	powertrain	within	the	chassis	to	accommodate	different	vehicle	body	styles,	we	believe
that	we	can	save	significant	time	in	future	vehicle	development.	In	addition,	we	believe	our	strategy	of	using	commercially	available	battery	cells	will
enable	us	to	leverage	improvements	in	cell	chemistries	and	rapidly	introduce	planned	vehicles	with	different	range	options.	However,	we	may	make
changes	to	the	design	of	Model	S	and	Model	X,	including	changes	that	may	make	it	more	difficult	to	use	the	Model	S	platform	for	Model	X	and	other
future	vehicles.
In	February	2012,	we	revealed	an	early	prototype	of	the	Model	X	crossover	as	the	first	vehicle	we	intend	to	develop	by	leveraging	the	Model	S
platform.	This	unique	vehicle	has	been	designed	to	fill	the	niche	between	the	roominess	of	a	minivan	and	the	style	of	an	SUV,	while	having	high
performance	features	such	as	a	dual	motor	all-wheel	drive	system.	The	Model	X	will	seat	seven	adults.	We	currently	plan	to	start	production	of	Model	X
in	late	2014.	We	anticipate	that	we	will	make	Model	X	available	with	60	kWh	and	85	kWh	battery	pack	options,	with	pricing	of	each	version	similar	to
those	of	a	comparably	equipped	Model	S.	We	currently	intend	to	target	an	annual	production	rate	of	approximately	10,000	-15,000	cars	per	year	from
our	Tesla	Factory.
We	have	also	publicly	announced	our	intent	to	develop	a	third	generation	electric	vehicle	to	be	produced	at	the	Tesla	Factory.	We	intend	to	offer
this	vehicle	at	a	lower	price	point	and	expect	to	produce	it	at	higher	volumes	than	our	Model	S.	We	expect	that	this	vehicle	will	be	produced	a	few	years
after	the	introduction	of	the	Model	X	crossover.
	
7Table	of	Contents
Powertrain	Development	and	Sales
In	addition	to	our	own	vehicles,	we	also	design,	develop,	manufacture	and	sell	advanced	electric	vehicle	powertrain	components	to	other
automotive	manufacturers.
We	have	provided	development	services	and	full	powertrain	systems	and	components	to	Daimler	for	its	Smart	fortwo,	A-Class,	and	B-Class
electric	vehicles.	From	May	2009	through	December	2012,	we	provided	approximately	2,700	battery	packs	and	chargers	for	the	Smart	fortwo	and	A-
Class	vehicles.	We	have	completed	these	programs	and	are	now	providing	development	services	to	Daimler	for	its	B-Class	electric	vehicle.	We	also	have
developed	a	full	electric	powertrain	system	for	Toyota	for	use	in	its	RAV4	EV	and	began	shipping	production	systems	to	Toyota	in	2012.	Our	production
activities	under	this	program	are	expected	to	continue	through	2014.
We	are	continuing	to	perform	our	electric	powertrain	component	and	systems	activities	principally	out	of	our	Palo	Alto	facility.	This	facility,	which
also	serves	as	our	corporate	headquarters,	houses	our	research	and	development	services,	including	cell	and	component	testing	and	prototyping,	as
well	as	manufacturing	of	powertrain	components	for	sales	to	third	parties.
Technology
We	believe	the	core	competencies	of	our	company	are	powertrain	and	vehicle	engineering.	Our	core	intellectual	property	is	contained	within	our
electric	powertrain.	Our	electric	powertrain	consists	of	the	following:	battery	pack,	power	electronics,	motor,	gearbox	and	the	control	software	which
enables	the	components	to	operate	as	a	system.	We	designed	each	of	these	major	elements	for	our	Tesla	Roadster	and	Model	S	and	plan	to	use	much	of
this	technology	in	Model	X,	our	future	electric	vehicles	and	powertrain	components	that	we	build	for	other	manufacturers.	Our	powertrain	and	battery
pack	have	a	modular	design,	enabling	future	generations	of	electric	vehicles	to	incorporate	a	significant	amount	of	this	technology.	Further,	our
powertrain	is	very	compact	and	contains	far	fewer	moving	parts	than	the	internal	combustion	powertrain.	These	features	enable	us	to	adapt	it	for	a
variety	of	applications,	including	our	future	vehicles	and	any	powertrain	components	we	build	for	other	manufacturers.
Battery	Pack
We	design	our	battery	packs	to	safely	store	significant	amounts	of	energy	and	to	have	long	lives.	For	example,	we	have	designed	our	Tesla
Roadster	battery	packs	to	store	53	kilowatt	hours	of	useful	energy	and	to	have	a	life	of	over	100,000	miles	or	seven	years.	In	addition,	we	have	designed
our	battery	packs	to	be	modular	so	that	we	can	leverage	technology	developments	across	our	different	vehicles	and	products.	Our	proprietary
technology	includes	cooling	systems,	safety	systems,	charge	balancing	systems,	battery	engineering	for	vibration	and	environmental	durability,	robotic
manufacturing	processes,	customized	motor	design	and	the	software	and	electronics	management	systems	necessary	to	manage	battery	and	vehicle
performance	under	demanding	real-life	driving	conditions.	We	have	significant	experience	and	expertise	in	the	safety	and	management	systems	needed
to	work	with	lithium-ion	cells	in	the	demanding	automotive	environment.	We	believe	these	advancements	have	enabled	us	to	produce	a	battery	pack	at	a
low	cost	per	kilowatt-hour.
We	believe	one	of	our	core	competencies	is	the	design	of	our	complete	battery	pack	system.	We	have	designed	our	battery	pack	system	to	permit
flexibility	with	respect	to	battery	cell	chemistry,	form	factor	and	vendor	that	we	adopt	for	battery	cell	supply.	In	so	doing,	we	believe	that	we	can
leverage	the	substantial	battery	cell	investments	and	advancements	being	made	globally	by	battery	cell	manufacturers	to	continue	to	improve	the	cost
per	kilowatt-hour	of	our	battery	pack.	We	maintain	an	internal	battery	cell	testing	lab	and	an	extensive	performance	database	of	the	many	available
lithium-ion	cell	vendors	and	chemistry	types.	We	intend	to	incorporate	the	battery	cells	that	provide	the	best	value	and	performance	possible	into	our
battery	packs,	and	we	expect	this	to	continue	over	time	as	battery	cells	continue	to	improve	in	energy	storage	capacity,	longevity,	power	delivery	and
cost.	We	believe	this	flexibility	will	enable	us	to	continue	to	evaluate	new	battery	cells	as	they	become	commercially	viable,	and	thereby	optimize
battery	pack	system	performance	and	cost	for	our
	
8Table	of	Contents
current	and	future	vehicles.	We	believe	our	ability	to	change	battery	cell	chemistries	and	vendors	while	retaining	our	existing	investments	in	software,
electronics,	testing	and	vehicle	packaging,	will	enable	us	to	quickly	deploy	various	battery	cells	into	our	products	and	leverage	the	latest	advancements
in	battery	cell	technology.
The	range	of	our	electric	vehicles	on	a	single	charge	declines	principally	as	a	function	of	usage,	time	and	charging	patterns.	A	customer​s	use	of
their	Tesla	vehicle	as	well	as	the	frequency	with	which	they	charge	the	battery	of	their	Tesla	vehicle	can	result	in	additional	deterioration	of	the
battery​s	ability	to	hold	a	charge.	For	example,	we	currently	expect	that	the	Tesla	Roadster	battery	pack	will	retain	approximately	60-65%	of	its	ability	to
hold	its	initial	charge	after	approximately	100,000	miles	or	seven	years,	which	will	result	in	a	decrease	to	the	vehicle​s	initial	range.	In	addition,	based
on	internal	testing,	we	estimate	that	our	Tesla	Roadster	would	have	a	5-10%	reduction	in	range	when	operated	in	-20°C	temperatures.
To	date,	we	have	tested	hundreds	of	battery	cells	of	different	chemistries,	form	factors	and	designs.	Based	on	this	evaluation,	we	are	presently
using	lithium-ion	battery	cells	based	on	the	18650	form	factor	in	all	of	our	battery	packs.	These	battery	cells	are	commercially	available	in	large
quantities.	We	currently	intend	to	use	the	same	battery	cell	form	factor	in	Model	X.	We	entered	into	a	supply	agreement	with	Panasonic	Corporation
(Panasonic)	for	the	use	of	Panasonic​s	battery	cells	in	Model	S.	We	expect	these	battery	cells	to	exhibit	better	performance	and	longer	lifetimes	than	the
battery	cells	used	in	the	Tesla	Roadster.
Power	Electronics
The	power	electronics	in	our	electric	powertrain	govern	the	flow	of	electrical	current	throughout	the	car,	primarily	the	current	that	flows	into	and
out	of	the	battery	pack.	The	power	electronics	has	two	primary	functions,	the	control	of	torque	generation	in	the	motor	while	driving	and	the	control	of
energy	delivery	back	into	the	battery	pack	while	charging.
The	first	function	is	accomplished	through	the	drive	inverter,	which	converts	direct	current	(DC)	from	the	battery	pack	into	alternating	current
(AC)	to	drive	our	three-phase	induction	motors.	The	drive	inverter	also	converts	the	AC	generated	by	regenerative	braking	back	into	DC	for	electrical
storage	in	the	battery	pack.	The	drive	inverter	performs	this	function	by	using	a	high-performance	digital	signal	processor	which	runs	some	of	the	most
complicated	and	detailed	software	in	the	vehicle.	In	so	doing,	the	drive	inverter	is	directly	responsible	for	the	performance,	high	efficiency	and	overall
driving	experience	of	the	vehicle.
The	second	function,	charging	the	battery	pack,	is	accomplished	by	the	charger,	which	converts	alternating	current	(usually	from	a	wall	outlet	or
other	electricity	source)	into	direct	current	which	can	be	accepted	by	the	battery.	The	charger	enables	us	to	use	any	available	source	of	power	to
charge	our	vehicle.	Our	vehicles	can	recharge	on	any	electrical	outlet	from	a	common	outlet	of	15	amps	and	120	volts	all	the	way	up	to	a	high	power
outlet	of	70	amps	and	240	volts,	which	provides	faster	recharging.
Since	the	charger	system	is	built	into	our	vehicles,	it	is	possible	to	charge	our	vehicles	using	a	variety	of	power	outlets.	For	example,	charging	the
Tesla	Roadster	battery	pack	to	full	capacity	will	take	approximately	7	hours	using	a	240	volt,	40	amp	outlet	that	is	widely	available	in	many	homes	in	the
United	States	for	electric	appliances.	A	high	power	connection	capable	of	240	volts	and	70	amps	reduces	this	charging	time	to	about	4.5	hours.	Such	a
connection	can	be	installed	in	many	homes	with	the	assistance	of	a	qualified	electrician.	For	additional	flexibility,	the	Tesla	Roadster	battery	pack	can
also	be	charged	with	a	120	volt,	15	amp	connection.	Using	this	lower	power	output,	the	Tesla	Roadster	battery	pack	can	be	charged	to	full	capacity	in
about	42	hours.	This	flexibility	in	charging	provides	customers	with	additional	mobility,	while	also	allowing	them	to	conveniently	charge	the	vehicle
overnight	at	home.
We	offer	a	high-voltage,	direct	current	fast	charge	option	for	Model	S	with	the	60	kWh	and	85	kWh	battery	pack	options	that	enable	the	vehicle	to
charge	from	Tesla​s	Supercharger	network.
	
9Table	of	Contents
Motor
Our	powertrains	currently	use	custom	designed	3-phase	induction	motors.	We	believe	we	have	made	several	important	innovations	in	our	motor
design	that	minimize	mass	while	still	providing	high	power	and	efficiency.	Our	motors	incorporate	a	proprietary	fabricated	copper	rotor	design.	Our
motors	also	include	optimized	winding	patterns	that	allow	for	easy	manufacture	and	fit	in	as	much	copper	as	possible	to	reduce	resistance	and	energy
losses.
Gearbox
We	have	designed	custom,	single	speed	gearboxes	that	are	manufactured	in-house	for	the	Tesla	Roadster	and	Model	S.	These	gearboxes	combine
low	mass	with	high	efficiency	and	can	match	both	the	speed	and	torque	capabilities	of	our	AC	induction	motors.	In	comparison	to	a	gasoline-powered
vehicle,	the	elimination	of	gear	changes	contributes	to	the	rapid	acceleration	characteristics	of	our	vehicles.
Control	Software
The	performance	and	safety	systems	of	our	vehicles	and	their	battery	packs	require	sophisticated	control	software.	There	are	numerous
processors	in	our	vehicles	to	control	these	functions,	and	we	write	custom	firmware	for	many	of	these	processors.	The	flow	of	electricity	between	the
battery	pack	and	the	motor	must	be	tightly	controlled	in	order	to	deliver	the	performance	and	behavior	expected	in	the	vehicle.	For	example,	software
algorithms	enable	the	vehicle	to	mimic	the	​creep​	feeling	which	drivers	expect	from	an	internal	combustion	engine	vehicle	without	having	to	apply
pressure	on	the	accelerator.	Similar	algorithms	control	traction,	vehicle	stability	and	the	sustained	acceleration	and	regenerative	braking	of	the	vehicle.
Drivers	use	the	information	systems	in	our	vehicles	to	optimize	performance	and	charging	modes	and	times.	Software	also	is	used	extensively	to
monitor	the	charge	state	of	each	of	the	cells	of	the	battery	pack	and	to	manage	all	of	its	safety	systems.	In	addition	to	the	vehicle	control	software,	we
also	develop	software	for	the	infotainment	system	of	Model	S.
Vehicle	Design	and	Engineering
In	addition	to	the	design,	development	and	production	of	the	powertrain,	we	have	created	significant	in-house	capabilities	in	the	design	and
engineering	of	electric	vehicles	and	electric	vehicle	components	and	systems.	We	design	and	engineer	bodies,	chassis,	interiors,	heating	and	cooling
and	low	voltage	electrical	systems	in	house	and	to	a	lesser	extent	in	conjunction	with	our	suppliers.	Our	team	has	core	competencies	in	computer	aided
design	and	crash	test	simulations	which	we	expect	to	reduce	the	product	development	time	of	new	models.
Several	traditional	automotive	subsystems	required	substantial	redesign	and	custom	optimization	to	integrate	with	the	powertrain	of	an	electric
vehicle.	For	example,	we	redesigned	the	heating,	ventilation	and	air	conditioning	(HVAC)	system	to	integrate	with	the	battery	thermal	management
system	and	to	operate	without	the	energy	generated	from	an	internal	combustion	engine.	In	addition,	low	voltage	electric	systems	which	power	features
such	as	the	radio,	power	windows,	and	heated	seats	also	needed	to	be	designed	specifically	for	use	in	an	electric	vehicle.	We	have	developed	expertise
in	integrating	these	components	with	the	high-voltage	power	source	in	the	vehicle	and	in	designing	components	that	significantly	reduce	their	load	on
the	vehicle	battery	pack,	thereby	maximizing	the	available	range	of	the	vehicle.
Additionally,	our	team	has	expertise	in	lightweight	materials,	a	very	important	characteristic	for	electric	vehicles	given	the	impact	of	mass	on
range.	The	Tesla	Roadster	is	built	with	an	internally-designed	carbon	fiber	body	which	provides	a	balance	of	strength	and	mass.	Model	S	is	built	with	a
lightweight	aluminum	body	and	chassis	which	incorporates	a	variety	of	materials	and	production	methods	that	help	optimize	the	weight	of	the	vehicle.
	
10Table	of	Contents
Sales	and	Marketing
Company-Owned	Stores	and	Galleries
We	market	and	sell	cars	directly	to	consumers	through	an	international	network	of	company-owned	stores	and	galleries.	Our	Tesla	stores	and
galleries	are	highly	visible,	premium	outlets	in	major	metropolitan	markets	some	of	which	combine	retail	sales	and	service.	We	intend	to	build	separate
sales	and	service	locations	in	several	markets.	In	April	2011,	we	opened	our	store	at	Santana	Row	in	San	Jose,	California.	The	opening	of	our	Santana
Row	store	launched	what	we	believe	to	be	a	new	retail	experience	designed	to	engage	and	inform	potential	customers	about	electric	vehicles	in	general
and	the	advantages	of	the	Tesla	experience	in	particular.	We	have	opened	eighteen	other	locations	modeled	on	this	concept	to	complement	our	older
sales	and	service	locations.	In	total,	we	now	operate	a	network	of	32	stores	and	galleries	in	North	America,	Europe	and	Asia.	We	plan	to	open	additional
stores	and/or	galleries	during	2013.
We	believe	that	by	owning	our	own	sales	and	service	network	we	can	offer	a	compelling	customer	experience	while	achieving	operating
efficiencies	and	capturing	sales	and	service	revenues	incumbent	automobile	manufacturers	do	not	enjoy	in	the	traditional	franchised	distribution	and
service	model.	Our	customers	deal	directly	with	our	own	Tesla-employed	sales	and	service	staff,	creating	what	we	believe	is	a	differentiated	buying
experience	from	the	buying	experience	consumers	have	with	franchised	automobile	dealers	and	service	centers.	We	believe	we	will	also	be	able	to
better	control	costs	of	inventory,	manage	warranty	service	and	pricing,	maintain	and	strengthen	the	Tesla	brand,	and	obtain	rapid	customer	feedback.
Further,	we	believe	that	by	owning	our	sales	network	we	will	avoid	the	conflict	of	interest	in	the	traditional	dealership	structure	inherent	to	most
incumbent	automobile	manufacturers	where	the	sale	of	warranty	parts	and	repairs	by	a	dealer	are	a	key	source	of	revenue	and	profit	for	the	dealer	but
often	are	an	expense	for	the	vehicle	manufacturer.
Reservations
We	typically	carry	very	limited	inventory	of	our	vehicles	at	our	Tesla	stores.	While	some	customers	may	purchase	their	vehicles	from	this
inventory,	most	of	our	customers	choose	to	customize	the	appearance	of	their	vehicle.	We	require	an	initial	refundable	reservation	payment	of	at	least
$5,000	for	our	vehicles.	The	reservation	payment	becomes	a	nonrefundable	deposit	once	the	customer	has	selected	the	vehicle	specifications	and	enters
into	a	purchase	agreement.	We	require	full	payment	of	the	purchase	price	of	the	vehicle	only	upon	delivery	of	the	vehicle	to	the	customer.	Reservation
payments	and	deposits	are	used	by	us	to	fund,	in	part,	our	working	capital	requirements	and	help	us	to	align	production	with	demand.	As	of
December	31,	2012,	we	had	received	over	15,000	customer	reservations	(after	deliveries	and	cancellations	made	during	the	year)	for	Model	S.
Marketing
Our	principal	marketing	goals	are	to:
	
	
	
generate	demand	for	our	vehicles	and	drive	leads	to	our	sales	teams;
	
	
	
build	long-term	brand	awareness	and	manage	corporate	reputation;
	
	
	
manage	our	existing	customer	base	to	create	loyalty	and	customer	referrals;	and
	
	
	
enable	customer	input	into	the	product	development	process.
As	the	first	company	to	commercially	produce	a	federally-compliant,	fully	electric	vehicle	that	achieves	market-leading	range	on	a	single	charge,
we	have	been	able	to	generate	significant	media	coverage	of	our	company	and	our	vehicles,	and	we	believe	we	will	continue	to	do	so.	To	date,	media
coverage	and	word	of	mouth	have	been	the	primary	drivers	of	our	sales	leads	and	have	helped	us	achieve	sales	without	traditional	advertising	and	at
relatively	low	marketing	costs.	We	also	use	traditional	means	of	advertising	including	product	placement	in	a	variety	of	media	outlets	and	pay-per-click
advertisements	on	websites	and	applications	relevant	to	our	target	demographics.
	
11Table	of	Contents
Our	marketing	efforts	include	events	where	our	vehicles	are	displayed	and	demonstrated.	These	events	range	from	widely	attended	public	events,
such	as	the	Detroit,	Los	Angeles,	and	Frankfurt	auto	shows,	to	smaller	events	oriented	towards	sales,	such	as	private	drive	events.
Company-Owned	Charging	Network,	Service	and	Warranty
Tesla	Supercharger	Network
We	are	building	a	network	of	90	kWh	fast	charging	equipment,	each	called	a	Tesla	Supercharger,	throughout	North	America	for	fast	charging	of
Model	S.	The	Tesla	Supercharger	is	an	industrial	grade,	high	speed	charger	designed	to	replenish	50%	of	the	battery	pack	in	as	little	as	30	minutes.	We
have	implemented	Superchargers	along	key	routes	in	California	and	between	Washington,	D.C.,	New	York,	and	Boston.	Access	to	the	Supercharger
network	is	currently	available	free	of	charge	to	owners	of	Model	S	vehicles	with	the	85	kWh	battery	pack	options	and	when	purchased	as	an	upfront
option	for	60	kWh.	We	are	planning	to	methodically	expand	the	Supercharger	network	over	the	next	few	years.
Service
We	provide	service	for	our	electric	vehicles	at	our	company-owned	service	centers	or,	in	certain	areas	for	an	additional	charge,	through	Tesla
Ranger	mobile	technicians	who	provide	services	that	do	not	require	a	vehicle	lift.	We	own	and	operate	a	total	of	29	service	locations	as	of	December	31,
2012.	We	are	continuing	our	plan	to	build	a	number	of	additional	service	centers	in	several	markets	worldwide.
Tesla	Roadster	owners	can	upload	data	from	their	vehicle	and	send	it	to	us	on	a	memory	card	and	Model	S	owners	can	do	the	same	via	an	on-
board	GSM	system,	allowing	us	to	diagnose	and	remedy	many	problems	before	ever	looking	at	the	vehicle.	When	maintenance	or	service	is	required,	a
customer	can	schedule	service	by	contacting	one	of	our	Tesla	service	centers.	Our	Tesla	Rangers	can	also	perform	an	array	of	services	that	do	not
require	a	vehicle	lift	from	the	convenience	of	a	customer​s	home	or	other	remote	location.
We	believe	that	our	company-owned	service	centers	enable	our	technicians	to	work	closely	with	our	engineers	and	research	and	development
teams	in	Silicon	Valley	to	identify	problems,	find	solutions,	and	incorporate	improvements	faster	than	incumbent	automobile	manufacturers.
Maintenance	Programs
We	have	announced	a	prepaid	maintenance	program	for	Model	S,	which	includes	plans	covering	maintenance	for	four	years	or	up	to	50,000	miles
and	an	additional	four	years	or	up	to	an	additional	50,000	miles,	provided	they	are	purchased	within	a	specified	period	of	time.	These	plans	cover
annual	inspections	and	the	replacement	of	wear	and	tear	parts,	excluding	tires	and	the	battery,	with	either	a	fixed	fee	per	visit	for	Tesla	Ranger	service
or	unlimited	Tesla	Ranger	visits	for	a	higher	initial	purchase	price.	For	customers	that	are	not	covered	by	our	New	Vehicle	Limited	Warranties	or	our
Extended	Service	plans,	we	offer	Tesla	Ranger	service	at	a	higher	cost.
New	Vehicle	Limited	Warranty	Policy
Subject	to	separate	limited	warranties	for	the	supplemental	restraint	system	and	battery,	we	provide	a	four	year	or	50,000	mile	New	Vehicle
Limited	Warranty	with	every	Model	S.	The	New	Vehicle	Limited	Warranty	covers	the	battery	for	a	period	of	eight	years	or	100,000	miles,	125,000	miles
or	unlimited	miles,	depending	on	the	size	of	the	vehicle​s	battery,	although	the	battery​s	charging	capacity	is	not	covered	under	the	New	Vehicle	Limited
Warranty	or	any	Extended	Service	plan.	Customers	have	the	opportunity	to	purchase	an	Extended	Service	plan	for	the	period	after	the	end	of	the	New
Vehicle	Limited	Warranty	to	cover	additional	services	for	an	additional	four	years	or	50,000	miles,	provided	it	is	purchased	within	a	specified	period	of
time.
	
12Table	of	Contents
We	provided	a	three	year	or	36,000	mile	New	Vehicle	Limited	Warranty	with	every	Tesla	Roadster,	which	we	extended	to	four	years	or	50,000
miles	for	the	purchasers	of	our	2008	Tesla	Roadster.	Customers	have	the	opportunity	to	purchase	Extended	Service	plans	for	the	period	after	the	end	of
the	New	Vehicle	Limited	Warranty	to	cover	additional	services	for	up	to	an	additional	three	years	or	36,000	miles,	provided	they	are	purchased	within	a
specified	period	of	time.
Our	New	Vehicle	Limited	Warranties	and	Extended	Service	plans	are	subject	to	certain	limitations,	exclusions	or	separate	warranties,	including
certain	wear	items,	such	as	tires,	brake	pads,	paint	and	general	appearance,	and	battery	performance,	and	are	intended	to	cover	parts	and	labor	to
repair	defects	in	material	or	workmanship	in	the	body,	chassis,	suspension,	interior,	electronic	systems,	battery,	powertrain	and	brake	system.
Battery	Replacement	Programs
While	coverage	of	battery	failure	due	to	defects	in	material	or	workmanship	is	included	in	the	New	Vehicle	Limited	Warranty,	battery
performance,	specifically	its	charging	capacity,	is	not	covered	in	either	the	New	Vehicle	Limited	Warranty	or	the	Extended	Service	plans.	However,	we
have	previously	provided	our	Tesla	Roadster	customers	with	a	battery	replacement	option	to	replace	the	battery	in	their	vehicles	at	any	time	after	the
expiration	of	the	New	Vehicle	Limited	Warranty	but	before	the	tenth	anniversary	of	the	purchase	date	of	their	vehicles	and	recently	announced	a
battery	replacement	option	for	all	three	battery	variants	of	our	Model	S	in	which	customers	may	purchase,	within	a	specified	period	of	time,	a	one-time
option	(subject	to	certain	limitations	and	exclusions)	to	replace	the	battery	at	any	time	before	the	twelfth	anniversary	of	such	purchase	date,	with
certain	price	adjustments	depending	upon	the	year	the	battery	is	replaced.
Manufacturing
Vehicle	Assembly
We	completed	the	production	of	Tesla	Roadster	gliders	at	Lotus	Cars	Limited	in	January	2012.	We	have	a	limited	inventory	of	Roadsters	for	sale
primarily	in	Europe	and	Asia.	As	of	December	31,	2012,	we	had	delivered	almost	all	of	our	remaining	inventory	of	Roadsters	to	customers.
We	operate	the	Tesla	Factory,	an	integrated	electric	vehicle	manufacturing	facility	in	Fremont,	California	to	manufacture	Model	S	and	certain
components	that	are	critical	to	our	intellectual	property	and	quality	standards	for	Model	S.	The	Tesla	Factory	contains	several	manufacturing
operations,	including	stamping,	plastics,	body	assembly,	paint	operations,	battery	pack	manufacturing,	final	vehicle	assembly	and	end-of-line	testing.
Certain	major	component	systems	are	purchased	from	suppliers.	We	are	targeting	an	annual	production	rate	at	this	facility	for	Model	S	of
approximately	20,000	cars	in	2013.	We	believe	that	we	will	be	able	to	increase	the	annual	production	capacity	of	this	plant	beyond	this	amount	through
additional	capital	spending	as	well	as	by	changing	operating	patterns	and	adding	additional	shifts.
Powertrain	Component	Manufacturing
In	addition	to	developing	our	Model	S	and	future	vehicle	manufacturing	capabilities	at	the	Tesla	Factory,	we	are	currently	designing,	developing
and	manufacturing	lithium-ion	battery	packs,	electric	motors,	gearboxes	and	components	both	for	our	vehicles	and	for	our	original	equipment
manufacturer	customers.	These	activities	occur	at	our	electric	powertrain	manufacturing	facility	in	Palo	Alto,	California	and	at	the	Tesla	Factory.
Supply	Chain
Model	S	uses	over	2,000	purchased	parts	which	we	source	globally	from	over	200	suppliers,	many	of	whom	are	currently	our	single	source
suppliers	for	these	components.	We	have	developed	close	relationships	with	several	key	suppliers	particularly	in	the	procurement	of	cells	and	certain
other	key	system	parts.	While	we	obtain	components	from	multiple	sources	whenever	possible,	similar	to	other	automobile	manufacturers,	many	of	the
components	used	in	our	vehicles	are	purchased	by	us	from	a	single	source.
	
13Table	of	Contents
To	date,	we	have	not	qualified	alternative	sources	for	most	of	the	single	sourced	components	used	in	our	vehicles	and	we	generally	do	not
maintain	long-term	agreements	with	our	suppliers.	While	we	believe	that	we	may	be	able	to	establish	alternate	supply	relationships	and	can	obtain	or
engineer	replacement	components	for	our	single	source	components,	we	may	be	unable	to	do	so	in	the	short	term	or	at	all	at	prices	or	costs	that	are
favorable	to	us.	For	example,	while	several	sources	of	the	battery	cell	we	have	selected	for	our	battery	packs	are	available,	we	have	fully	qualified	only
two	suppliers	for	these	cells.	Any	disruption	in	the	supply	of	battery	cells	from	either	vendor	could	temporarily	disrupt	production	of	the	vehicles	until
such	time	as	a	different	supplier	is	fully	qualified	and	there	can	be	no	assurance	that	we	would	be	able	to	successfully	retain	alternative	suppliers	on	a
timely	basis.	Moreover,	battery	cell	manufactures	may	not	supply	us	at	reasonable	prices	or	on	reasonable	terms	or	may	choose	to	refuse	to	supply
electric	vehicle	manufacturers	to	the	extent	they	determine	that	the	vehicles	are	not	sufficiently	safe.
We	use	various	raw	materials	in	our	business	including	aluminum,	steel,	nickel	and	copper.	The	prices	for	these	raw	materials	fluctuate
depending	on	market	conditions	and	global	demand	for	these	materials.	We	believe	that	we	have	adequate	supplies	or	sources	of	availability	of	the	raw
materials	necessary	to	meet	our	manufacturing	and	supply	requirements.	There	are	always	risks	and	uncertainties,	however,	with	respect	to	the	supply
of	raw	materials	that	could	impact	their	availability	in	sufficient	quantities	or	reasonable	prices	to	meet	our	needs.
Quality	Control
Our	quality	control	efforts	are	divided	between	product	quality	and	supplier	quality,	both	of	which	are	focused	on	designing	and	producing
products	and	processes	with	high	levels	of	reliability.	Our	product	quality	engineers	work	with	our	engineering	team	and	our	suppliers	to	help	ensure
that	the	product	designs	meet	functional	specifications	and	durability	requirements.	Our	supplier	quality	engineers	work	with	our	suppliers	to	ensure
that	their	processes	and	systems	are	capable	of	delivering	the	parts	we	need	at	the	required	quality	level,	on	time,	and	on	budget.	Our	quality	systems
engineers	create	and	manage	our	systems,	such	as	configuration	management	and	corrective	action	systems,	to	help	ensure	product	developers,
supplier	chain	managers,	and	production	controllers	have	the	product	information	they	need.
Customers	and	Selected	Relationships
We	currently	sell	our	cars	primarily	to	individual	customers.	We	have	strategic	or	commercial	relationships	with	Daimler,	Toyota,	and	Panasonic.
We	intend	to	expand	our	business	by	developing	and	selling	additional	powertrain	components	and	systems	to	Daimler,	Toyota	and	other	third	party
OEMs.
Daimler	AG
Beginning	in	2008,	we	commenced	efforts	on	a	powertrain	development	arrangement	with	Daimler.	In	May	2009,	we	entered	into	a	development
agreement	with	Daimler	under	which	we	have	performed	specified	research	and	development	services	for	the	development	of	a	battery	pack	and
charger	for	Daimler​s	Smart	fortwo	electric	drive.	All	development	work	related	to	the	development	agreement	had	been	completed	as	of	December	31,
2009.	Through	December	2011,	we	had	sold	over	2,100	battery	packs	and	chargers	for	the	Smart	fortwo	electric	drive	program.	In	the	first	quarter	of
2010,	Daimler	engaged	us	to	assist	with	the	development	and	production	of	a	battery	pack	and	charger	for	a	pilot	fleet	of	its	A-Class	electric	vehicles	to
be	introduced	in	Europe	during	2011.	A	formal	agreement	for	this	arrangement	was	entered	into	with	Daimler	in	May	2010.	In	October	2010,	we
completed	the	development	of	the	A-Class	battery	pack	and	charger	and	began	shipping	production	parts	in	February	2011.	Through	December	2011,
we	sold	over	500	battery	packs	and	chargers	for	the	A-Class	EV	program.	In	the	first	quarter	of	2010,	we	completed	the	development	and	sale	of
modular	battery	packs	for	electric	delivery	vans	for	Freightliner,	an	affiliate	of	Daimler.	Freightliner	plans	to	use	these	electric	vans	in	a	limited	number
of	customer	trials.
	
14Table	of	Contents
In	February	2012,	we	received	an	initial	purchase	order	for	the	development	of	a	full	electric	powertrain	system	for	an	additional	Mercedes	Benz
vehicle	from	Daimler.	We	are	negotiating	the	agreement	for	production	parts	for	this	B-Class	program.
In	addition	to	the	agreements	described	above,	we	have	entered	into	an	exclusivity	and	intellectual	property	agreement	(EIP	Agreement)	with
Daimler	North	America	Corporation	(DNAC),	an	affiliate	of	Daimler,	in	which	we	agreed	to	begin	negotiating	in	good	faith	to	enter	into	further
agreements	within	certain	strategic	cooperation	areas,	including	technology	collaboration	in	various	electric	powertrain	areas,	automotive	engineering
support,	joint	electric	vehicle	development	efforts	and	access	to	component	parts	for	Tesla	designed	products.	Under	this	EIP	Agreement,	we	agreed
that,	until	November	11,	2009,	we	would	not	negotiate	or	enter	into	any	agreements	with	other	parties	that	would	be	competitive	with	the
arrangements	contemplated	for	these	strategic	cooperation	areas,	unless	the	results	of	such	arrangement	would	be	marketed	solely	under	the	Tesla
brand.	As	of	that	date,	we	had	not	executed	any	further	agreements	with	Daimler	in	the	areas	of	strategic	cooperation.
The	EIP	Agreement	provides	that	ending	July	2013,	if	the	company	receives	an	offer	from	a	strategic	competitor	of	Daimler	to	enter	into	an
agreement	for	development	of	a	non-Tesla	branded	vehicle	or	an	integrated	electric	powertrain	system,	DNAC	would	be	given	the	right	of	first	refusal
to	enter	into	such	agreement	with	the	company	instead	of,	and	on	the	same	terms	offered	by,	the	third	party.
The	EIP	Agreement	also	provides	that	if	we	execute	a	strategic	cooperation	agreement	with	DNAC	to	jointly	engineer	an	electric	vehicle,	then
additional	exclusivities	would	apply	until	July	2013,	provided	a	minimum	annual	volume	of	sales	is	achieved.	The	EIP	Agreement	provides	that	none	of
the	restrictions	set	out	in	that	agreement,	or	in	any	strategic	agreement,	would	limit	us	from	developing	technology	with	any	third	party	for	use	in	a
Tesla-branded	product	or	service	or	related	to	the	Tesla	Roadster	or	Model	S,	engaging	in	any	transaction	with	a	company	that	is	not	a	Daimler
competitor,	or	supplying	components	for	electric	powertrains	that	are	designed	by	third	parties.
The	EIP	Agreement	also	provides	that	if	the	parties	enter	into	the	strategic	agreements	or	further	agreements,	those	agreements	will	allocate
intellectual	property	rights	according	to	certain	principles	outlined	in	the	EIP	Agreement.	In	addition,	until	July	2013,	before	licensing	intellectual
property	generated	outside	the	scope	of	any	strategic	cooperation	area	to	a	Daimler	competitor,	we	would	first	have	to	offer	DNAC	the	right	to	license
the	intellectual	property	on	a	non-exclusive,	royalty-bearing	basis,	or	on	an	exclusive	basis	in	the	automotive	field;	and	if	DNAC	requests	the	latter,	we
must	negotiate	such	a	license	in	good	faith.	If	no	agreement	is	reached,	however,	we	would	be	free	to	license	the	technology	to	the	Daimler	competitor,
and	DNAC	could	take	a	non-exclusive	license.	Both	we	and	Daimler	have	the	right	to	terminate	the	EIP	Agreement	in	the	event	the	other	party
undergoes,	or	executes	an	agreement	to	undergo,	a	change	of	control.	Any	strategic	cooperation	agreements	entered	into	between	us	and	Daimler	prior
to	termination	will	not	be	affected	by	such	termination.
To	date,	with	the	exception	of	the	development	agreement	for	the	Smart	fortwo	electric	drive	and	the	agreement	for	the	development	and
production	of	a	battery	pack	and	charger	for	a	pilot	fleet	of	Daimler​s	A-Class	electric	vehicles,	the	strategic	agreements	described	in	the	EIP	Agreement
have	not	been	entered	into,	and	there	can	be	no	assurance	that	the	parties	will	ever	enter	into	such	agreements.	Even	if	we	were	to	enter	into	such
agreements,	the	parties	may	negotiate	and	agree	to	terms	that	are	different	to	those	set	forth	in	the	EIP	Agreement	and	outlined	above.	Such	different
or	new	terms	may	be	more	or	less	favorable	to	us.
In	addition	to	these	agreements,	Blackstar	lnvestCo	LLC	(Blackstar),	an	affiliate	of	Daimler,	beneficially	owned	4,867,929	shares	of	our	common
stock	as	of	December	31,	2012.
Toyota	Motor	Corporation
In	May	2010,	we	and	Toyota	announced	our	intention	to	cooperate	on	the	development	of	electric	vehicles,	and	for	us	to	receive	Toyota​s	support
with	sourcing	parts	and	production	and	engineering	expertise	for	Model	S.
	
15Table	of	Contents
In	July	2010,	we	entered	into	an	early	phase	agreement	to	develop	an	electric	powertrain	for	the	Toyota	RAV4.	With	an	aim	by	Toyota	to	market	the
electric	vehicle	in	the	United	States	in	2012,	prototypes	would	be	made	by	combining	the	Toyota	RAV4	model	with	a	Tesla	electric	powertrain.	We
began	developing	and	delivering	prototypes	to	Toyota	for	evaluation	in	September	2010.
In	October	2010,	we	entered	into	a	contract	services	agreement	with	Toyota	for	the	development	of	a	validated	powertrain	system,	including	a
battery,	power	electronics	module,	motor,	gearbox	and	associated	software,	which	will	be	integrated	into	an	electric	vehicle	version	of	the	Toyota	RAV4.
We	completed	all	of	the	development	services	for	the	RAV4	EV	in	the	first	quarter	of	2012.
Additionally,	in	July	2011,	we	entered	into	an	agreement	to	supply	Toyota	with	electric	powertrain	system	for	the	RAV4	EV.	We	began	delivery	of
these	systems	to	Toyota	for	installation	into	the	Toyota	RAV4	EV	in	the	first	half	of	2012.	Our	production	activities	under	this	program	are	expected	to
continue	through	2014.
In	addition	to	these	agreements,	in	July	2010,	we	sold	2,941,176	shares	of	our	common	stock	to	Toyota	at	our	IPO	price	of	$17.00	per	share.
Panasonic
Panasonic	is	a	supplier	of	battery	cells	for	our	battery	packs.	In	January	2010,	we	announced	that	we	were	collaborating	with	Panasonic	on	the
development	of	next-generation	electric	vehicle	cells	based	on	the	18650	form	factor	and	nickel-based	lithium	ion	chemistry.	In	October	2011,	we
finalized	a	supply	agreement	for	these	battery	cells.	The	agreement	supplies	us	with	battery	cells	to	build	more	than	80,000	vehicles	over	the	next	four
years.
In	November	2010,	we	sold	1,418,573	shares	of	our	common	stock	to	an	entity	affiliated	with	Panasonic	Corporation	at	a	price	of	$21.15	per
share,	which	was	the	average	of	the	trading	highs	and	lows	of	our	common	stock	from	October	25	to	October	29,	2010.
Governmental	Programs,	Incentives	and	Regulations
United	States	Department	of	Energy	Loans
On	January	20,	2010,	we	entered	into	a	loan	facility	with	the	Federal	Financing	Bank	(FFB)	and	the	United	States	Department	of	Energy	(DOE),
under	the	DOE​s	Advanced	Technology	Vehicles	Manufacturing	Loan	Program,	as	set	forth	in	Section	136	of	the	Energy	Independence	and	Security	Act
of	2007	(ATVM	Program).	We	refer	to	such	loan	facility	including	amendments	thereto,	as	the	DOE	Loan	Facility.	Under	the	DOE	Loan	Facility,	FFB
made	available	to	us	two	multi-draw	term	loan	facilities	in	an	aggregate	principal	amount	of	$465.0	million	and	the	DOE	agreed	to	reimburse	FFB	for
any	liabilities,	losses,	costs	or	expenses	incurred	by	FFB	with	respect	to	the	term	loan	facilities.	In	August,	2012,	we	made	our	final	draw	under	the	DOE
Loan	Facility.	We	began	repayment	of	the	DOE	Loan	Facility	on	December	15,	2012.
In	connection	with	the	DOE	Loan	Facility,	we	have	also	issued	the	DOE	a	warrant	to	purchase	up	to	3,085,011	shares	of	our	common	stock	at	an
exercise	price	of	$7.54	per	share	and	a	warrant	to	purchase	up	to	5,100	shares	of	our	common	stock	at	an	exercise	price	of	$8.94	per	share.	Beginning
on	December	15,	2018	and	until	December	14,	2022,	the	shares	subject	to	purchase	under	these	warrants	will	become	exercisable	in	quarterly	amounts
depending	on	the	average	outstanding	balance	of	the	loan	during	the	prior	quarter.	These	warrants	may	be	exercised	until	December	15,	2023.	If	we
prepay	or	repay	the	DOE	Loan	Facility	in	full	by	the	recently	revised	maturity	date,	no	shares	will	be	exercisable	under	these	warrants	and	the	warrants
will	expire	pursuant	to	their	terms,	except	in	the	case	of	an	event	of	default,	which	could	accelerate	the	vesting.	For	more	information	on	the	recent
amendment	to	the	DOE	Loan	Facility,	see	Note	15	(Subsequent	Events)	to	our	Consolidated	Financial	Statements	included	in	this	Annual	Report	on
Form	10-K	under	Item	8.	Financial	Statements	and	Supplementary	Data.
	
16Table	of	Contents
For	more	information	on	the	DOE	Loan	Facility,	see	Note	8	to	our	Consolidated	Financial	Statements	included	in	this	Annual	Report	on	Form	10-K
under	Item	8.	Financial	Statements	and	Supplementary	Data.
California	Alternative	Energy	and	Advanced	Transportation	Financing	Authority	Tax	Incentives
In	December	2009,	we	finalized	an	arrangement	with	the	California	Alternative	Energy	and	Advanced	Transportation	Financing	Authority
(CAEATFA)	that	will	result	in	an	exemption	from	California	state	sales	and	use	taxes	for	up	to	$320	million	of	manufacturing	equipment.	To	the	extent
all	of	this	equipment	is	purchased	and	would	otherwise	be	subject	to	California	state	sales	and	use	tax,	we	believe	this	incentive	would	result	in	tax
savings	by	us	of	up	to	approximately	$31	million	over	the	period	starting	in	December	2009	and	ending	in	December	2013.	The	equipment	purchases
may	be	used	only	for	three	purposes:	(i)	to	establish	our	production	facility	for	Model	S	in	California,	(ii)	to	upgrade	our	Palo	Alto	powertrain	production
facility,	and	(iii)	to	expand	our	current	Tesla	Roadster	assembly	operations	at	our	Menlo	Park	facility.	In	January	2012,	we	finalized	an	additional
agreement	with	CAEATFA	that	will	result	in	an	exemption	from	California	state	sales	and	use	taxes	for	up	to	$292	million	of	manufacturing	equipment.
To	the	extent	all	of	this	equipment	is	purchased	and	would	otherwise	be	subject	to	California	state	sales	and	use	tax,	we	believe	this	incentive	would
result	in	tax	savings	by	us	of	up	to	approximately	$24	million	over	the	period	starting	in	December	2011	and	ending	in	March	2015.	The	equipment
purchases	may	be	used	only	for	two	purposes:	(i)	to	develop	the	Model	X	crossover	vehicle	and	its	production	capacity	in	California	and,	(ii)	to	further
upgrade	our	powertrain	production	facilities	in	California.
Regulatory	Credits
In	connection	with	the	delivery	and	placement	into	service	of	our	zero	emission	vehicles	in	the	United	Sates,	we	have	earned	and	will	continue	to
earn	various	tradable	regulatory	credits	that	can	be	sold	to	other	manufacturers.
Under	California​s	Low-Emission	Vehicle	Regulations	and	those	of	states	that	have	adopted	the	California	standards,	vehicle	manufacturers	are
required	to	ensure	that	a	portion	of	the	vehicles	delivered	for	sale	in	those	states	during	each	model	year	are	zero	emission	vehicles.	Currently,	the
states	of	Arizona,	California,	Connecticut,	Maine,	Maryland,	Massachusetts,	New	Jersey,	New	Mexico,	New	York,	Oregon,	Rhode	Island	and	Vermont
have	such	laws	in	effect.	These	laws	provide	that	a	manufacturer	of	may	earn	credits,	referred	to	as	ZEV	credits,	if	they	produce	more	zero	emission
vehicles	than	the	minimum	quantity	required	by	those	laws.	Those	manufacturers	with	a	surplus	of	credits	may	sell	those	excess	credits	to	other
manufacturers	who	can	then	apply	such	credits	to	comply	with	the	regulatory	requirements,	including	making	up	for	deficits.	As	a	manufacturer
of	solely	of	zero	emission	vehicles,	we	have	no	minimum	requirement,	and	as	a	result,	we	earn	ZEV	credits	on	each	vehicle	sold	in	such	states.	We	have
entered	into	agreements	with	other	automobile	manufacturers	to	sell	the	ZEV	credits	that	we	earn.	Recently,	California	passed	amendments	to	the	ZEV
mandate	that	would	require	all	large	volume	manufacturers	(those	manufacturers	selling	20,000	or	more	vehicles	in	California	in	2018)	to	increase	the
number	of	zero	emission	vehicles	sold	starting	in	2018.	Under	the	new	requirements,	by	2025	up	to	15.4%	of	each	large	volume	manufacturers​	fleet
must	be	made	of	zero	emission	vehicles.	All	states	that	have	adopted	the	California	program	will	amend	their	programs	to	conform	to	the	new	California
standards.
Additionally,	under	the	Environmental	Protection	Agency​s	(EPA)	national	greenhouse	gas	(GHG)	emission	standards,	vehicle	manufacturers	are
required	to	meet	fleet-wide	average	carbon	dioxide	emissions	standards	for	cars	and	trucks	at	increasingly	lower	levels	annually	from	2012	​	2025.
Those	manufacturers	whose	fleet	wide	average	fails	to	meet	such	standards	have	a	deficit	in	their	emission	profile.	Those	manufacturers	whose	fleet
wide	average	performs	better	than	such	standards	may	earn	credits.	Manufacturers	may	sell	excess	credits	to	other	manufacturers	who	can	apply	such
credits	to	comply	with	these	regulatory	requirements.	As	a	manufacturer	solely	of	zero	emission	vehicles,	we	earn	the	full	amount	of	GHG	credits
established	by	the	standards	on	each	vehicle	sold.	We	have	entered	into	agreements	with	another	automobile	manufacturer	to	sell	the	credits	that	we
earn.
	
17Table	of	Contents
We	have	entered	into	contracts	for	the	sale	of	ZEV	and	GHG	credits	with	several	automotive	manufacturers.	For	the	years	ended	December	31,
2012,	2011	and	2010,	we	earned	revenue	from	the	sale	of	ZEV	and	GHG	credits	of	$40.5	million,	$2.7	million	and	$2.8	million,	respectively.	Our	current
agreements	provide	for	the	sale	of	a	portion	of	the	total	ZEV	credits	that	we	will	earn	from	the	sale	of	vehicles	that	we	plan	to	manufacture	in	2013.	Our
current	agreements	also	provide	for	sale	of	substantially	all	of	the	GHG	credits	we	will	earn	from	the	sale	of	vehicles	that	we	manufacture	in	2013	and
2014.
Regulation​Vehicle	Safety	and	Testing
Our	vehicles	are	subject	to,	and	the	Tesla	Roadster	complies	with,	or	is	exempt	from,	numerous	regulatory	requirements	established	by	the
National	Highway	Traffic	Safety	Administration	(NHTSA),	including	all	applicable	United	States	federal	motor	vehicle	safety	standards	(FMVSS).	The
Model	S	fully	complies	with	all	FMVSSs	without	the	need	for	any	exemptions.	As	a	manufacturer,	we	must	self-certify	that	a	vehicle	meets	or	otherwise
obtain	an	exemption	from	all	applicable	FMVSSs,	as	well	as	the	NHTSA	bumper	standard,	before	the	vehicle	can	be	imported	into	or	sold	in	the	United
States.	There	are	numerous	FMVSSs	that	apply	to	our	vehicles.	Examples	of	these	requirements	include:
	
	
	
Crash-worthiness	requirements
​including	applicable	and	appropriate	level	of	vehicle	structure	and	occupant	protection	in	frontal,	side	and
interior	impacts	including	through	use	of	equipment	such	as	seat	belts	and	airbags	which	must	satisfy	applicable	requirements;
	
	
	
Crash	avoidance	requirements
​including	appropriate	steering,	braking	and	equipment	requirements,	such	as,	headlamps,	tail	lamps,	and
other	required	lamps,	all	of	which	must	conform	to	various	photometric	and	performance	requirements;
	
	
	
Electric	vehicle	requirements
​limitations	on	electrolyte	spillage,	battery	retention,	and	avoidance	of	electric	shock	following	specified	crash
tests;
	
	
	
Windshield	defrosting	and	defogging
​defined	zones	of	the	windshield	must	be	cleared	within	a	specified	timeframe;	and
	
	
	
Rearview	mirror	requirements
​rearward	areas	that	must	be	visible	to	the	driver	via	the	mirrors.
Due	to	the	limited	number	of	Roadsters	originally	produced,	we	applied	for,	and	were	granted,	exemptions	from	certain	advanced	air	bag	and
electronic	stability	control	requirements,	which	applied	to	Tesla	Roadsters	manufactured	through	November	7,	2011.	For	Model	S,	we	have	certified	the
vehicle	as	compliant	with	all	U.S.	safety	standards	without	exemptions.	Under	U.S.	law,	we	are	required	to	certify	compliance	with,	or	obtain	exemption
from	all	applicable	federal	motor	vehicle	safety	standards	and	we	have	done	so	with	respect	to	each	vehicle	we	have	offered	for	sale	in	the	United
States.	Based	on	testing,	engineering	analysis,	and	other	information,	we	have	certified	that	the	Tesla	Roadster	complies	with,	or	is	exempt	from	all
applicable	NHTSA	standards	in	effect	at	the	time	of	manufacture	by	affixing	a	certification	label	to	each	Tesla	Roadster	sold.	Based	on	testing,
engineering	analysis	and	other	information	we	have	certified	the	Tesla	Model	S	as	complying	with	all	applicable	NHTSA	standards	in	effect	at	the	time
of	manufacture	by	affixing	a	certification	label	to	each	Model	S	sold.
We	are	also	required	to	comply	with	other	requirements	of	federal	laws	administered	by	NHTSA,	including	the	Corporate	Average	Fuel	Economy
standards,	Theft	Prevention	Act	requirements,	consumer	information	labeling	requirements,	early	warning	reporting	requirements	regarding	warranty
claims,	field	reports,	death	and	injury	reports	and	foreign	recalls,	and	owner​s	manual	requirements.
Our	vehicles	sold	in	Europe	are	subject	to	European	Union	safety	testing	regulations.	Many	of	those	regulations,	referred	to	as	European	Union
Whole	Vehicle	Type	Approval	(WVTA),	are	different	from	the	federal	motor	vehicle	safety	standards	applicable	in	the	United	States	and	may	require
redesign	and/or	retesting.	Our	Tesla	Roadsters	are	currently	approved	for	sale	on	a	limited	basis	in	the	European	Union	via	the	Small
	
18Table	of	Contents
Series	WVTA,	which	permits	the	manufacture	and	sale	in	the	European	Union	of	no	more	than	1,000	vehicles	per	year.	Since	we	have	fewer	than	1,000
Tesla	Roadsters	left	to	sell,	we	have	no	plans	to	commence	testing	our	Tesla	Roadsters	for	the	WVTA	to	assure	compliance	with	the	European	Union
requirements	to	permit	unlimited	sales.	Similarly,	Australia	and	Japan	have	additional	testing	regulations	applicable	to	high	volume	manufacturers.	We
also	plan	to	keep	Australian	and	Japanese	sales	of	our	Tesla	Roadsters	at	a	low	volume,	and	have	no	plans	to	comply	with	the	Australian	and	Japanese
requirements	to	permit	high	volume	sales	in	these	jurisdictions.	For	Model	S,	we	plan	to	conduct	full	EU	WVTA	homologation.	Based	on	results	from
efforts	currently	underway,	we	believe	Model	S	will	be	able	to	meet	all	applicable	EU	standards.	We	also	plan	to	introduce	Model	S	vehicles	in	other
markets	such	as	China,	Japan,	and	Australia.	Plans	are	currently	underway	to	modify	our	vehicles	to	meet	the	homologation	standards	for	those
countries.
The	Federal	Trade	Commission	(FTC)	requires	us	to	calculate	and	display	the	range	of	our	electric	vehicles	on	a	label	we	affix	to	the	vehicle​s
window.	The	FTC	specifies	that	we	follow	testing	requirements	set	forth	by	the	Society	of	Automotive	Engineers	(SAE)	which	further	requires	that	we
test	using	the	United	States	EPA​s	combined	city	and	highway	testing	cycles.	In	July	2011,	the	EPA	announced	new	energy	efficiency	testing
methodologies	and	labeling	requirements	for	electric	vehicles.	These	new	requirements,	when	applied	to	our	vehicles,	resulted	in	a	rated	range	of	265
miles	for	the	85	kWh	battery	pack	equipped	Model	S	and	a	rated	range	of	208	miles	for	the	60	kWh	battery	pack	equipped	Model	S.	This	was	a
reduction	from	the	advertised	300	mile	and	230	mile	range	of	these	vehicles,	respectively,	utilizing	methodologies	that	estimated	the	range	of	the
vehicles	at	a	steady	speed	of	55	miles	per	hour.	We	expect	the	FTC	to	issue	amended	rules	to	conform	to	the	EPA	standards,	which	will	result	in	FTC
labels	mirroring	the	current	EPA	label.
The	Automobile	Information	and	Disclosure	Act	requires	manufacturers	of	motor	vehicles	to	disclose	certain	information	regarding	the
manufacturer​s	suggested	retail	price,	optional	equipment	and	pricing.	In	addition,	the	Act	allows	inclusion	of	city	and	highway	fuel	economy	ratings,	as
determined	by	EPA,	as	well	as	crash	test	ratings	as	determined	by	NHTSA	if	such	tests	are	conducted.
Regulation​EPA	Emissions	&	Certificate	of	Conformity
The	Clean	Air	Act	requires	that	we	obtain	a	Certificate	of	Conformity	issued	by	the	EPA	and	a	California	Executive	Order	issued	by	the	California
Air	Resources	Board	(CARB)	with	respect	to	emissions	for	our	vehicles,	including	Model	S.	The	Certificate	of	Conformity	is	required	for	vehicles	sold	in
states	covered	by	the	Clean	Air	Act​s	standards	and	both	the	Certificate	of	Conformity	and	the	Executive	Order	is	required	for	vehicles	sold	in	states	that
have	sought	and	received	a	waiver	from	the	EPA	to	utilize	California	standards.	The	California	standards	for	emissions	control	for	certain	regulated
pollutants	for	new	vehicles	and	engines	sold	in	California	are	set	by	CARB.	States	that	have	adopted	the	California	standards	as	approved	by	EPA	also
recognize	the	Executive	Order	for	sales	of	vehicles.
Regulation​Battery	Safety	and	Testing
Our	battery	pack	conforms	with	mandatory	regulations	that	govern	transport	of	​dangerous	goods​	that	may	present	a	risk	in	transportation,	which
includes	lithium-ion	batteries.	The	governing	regulations,	which	are	issued	by	the	Pipeline	and	Hazardous	Materials	Safety	Administration	(PHMSA)	are
based	on	the	UN	Recommendations	on	the	Safe	Transport	of	Dangerous	Goods	Model	Regulations,	and	related	UN	Manual	Tests	and	Criteria.	The
regulations	vary	by	mode	of	transportation	when	these	items	are	shipped	such	as	by	ocean	vessel,	rail,	truck,	or	by	air.
We	have	completed	the	applicable	transportation	tests	for	our	prototype	and	production	battery	packs	demonstrating	our	compliance	with	the	UN
Manual	of	Tests	and	Criteria,	including:
	
	
	
Altitude	simulation
​simulating	air	transport;
	
19Table	of	Contents
	
	
Thermal	cycling
​assessing	cell	and	battery	seal	integrity;
	
	
	
Vibration
​simulating	vibration	during	transport;
	
	
	
Shock
​simulating	possible	impacts	during	transport;	and
	
	
	
External	short	circuit
​simulating	an	external	short	circuit.
We	also	subject	our	battery	packs	to	the	appropriate	tests	specified	in	the	Society	of	Automotive	Engineers	(SAE)	J2464	and	J2929	which	include
further	tests	such	as	immersion,	humidity,	and	exposure	to	fire.
We	use	lithium	metal	oxide	cells	in	our	battery	packs.	The	cells	do	not	contain	any	lead,	mercury,	cadmium,	or	other	hazardous	materials,	heavy
metals,	or	any	toxic	materials.	Our	battery	packs	include	certain	packaging	materials	which	contain	trace	amounts	of	various	hazardous	chemicals
whose	use,	storage	and	disposal	is	regulated	under	federal	law.	We	currently	have	an	agreement	with	a	third	party	battery	recycling	company	to	recycle
our	battery	packs.	If	a	customer	wishes	to	dispose	of	a	battery	pack	from	one	of	our	vehicles,	we	anticipate	accepting	the	depleted	battery	from	the
customer	without	any	additional	charge.
Automobile	Manufacturer	and	Dealer	Regulation
State	law	regulates	the	manufacture,	distribution	and	sale	of	automobiles,	and	generally	requires	motor	vehicle	manufacturers	and	dealers	to	be
licensed.	To	the	extent	possible,	we	plan	to	secure	dealer	licenses	(or	the	equivalent	of	a	dealer	license)	and	engage	in	activities	as	a	motor	vehicle
dealer	in	so	far	as	we	are	permitted	to	do	so	as	we	open	additional	Tesla	stores	and	service	centers.	Some	states	do	not	permit	automobile
manufacturers	to	be	licensed	as	dealers	or	to	act	in	the	capacity	of	a	dealer.	To	sell	vehicles	to	residents	of	states	where	we	are	not	licensed	as	a	dealer,
to	the	extent	permitted	by	local	law,	both	the	actual	sale	would	generally	have	to	occur	out	of	state.	In	this	scenario,	it	is	possible	that	activities	related
to	marketing,	advertising,	taking	orders,	taking	reservations	and	reservation	payments,	and	delivering	vehicles	could	be	viewed	by	a	state	as
conducting	unlicensed	activities	in	the	state	or	otherwise	violating	the	state​s	motor	vehicle	industry	laws.	Regulators	in	these	states	may	require	us	to
hold	and	meet	the	requirements	of	appropriate	dealer	or	other	licenses	and,	in	states	in	which	manufacturers	are	prohibited	from	acting	as	dealers,	may
otherwise	prohibit	or	impact	our	planned	activities.
In	jurisdictions	where	we	do	not	have	a	Tesla	store,	a	customer	may	try	to	purchase	our	vehicles	over	the	internet.	However,	some	states	have
laws	providing	that	a	manufacturer	cannot	deliver	a	vehicle	to	a	resident	of	such	state	except	through	a	dealer	licensed	to	do	business	in	that	state
which	may	be	interpreted	to	require	us	to	open	a	store	in	such	state	in	order	to	sell	vehicles	to	its	residents.	In	some	states	where	we	have	opened	a
viewing	​gallery​	that	is	not	a	full	retail	location,	it	is	possible	that	a	state	regulator	could	take	the	position	that	activities	at	our	gallery	constitute	an
unlicensed	motor	vehicle	dealership	and	thereby	violates	applicable	manufacturer-dealer	laws.	Although	we	would	prefer	that	a	state	regulator	address
any	concerns	by	discussing	such	concerns	with	us	and	requesting	voluntary	compliance,	a	state	could	also	take	action	against	us,	including	levying	fines
or	requiring	that	we	refrain	from	certain	activities.	In	addition,	some	states	have	requirements	that	service	facilities	be	available	with	respect	to
vehicles	sold	in	the	state,	which	may	be	interpreted	to	also	require	that	service	facilities	be	available	with	respect	to	vehicles	sold	over	the	internet	to
residents	of	the	state	thereby	limiting	our	ability	to	sell	vehicles	in	states	where	we	do	not	maintain	service	facilities.
The	foregoing	examples	of	state	laws	governing	the	sale	of	motor	vehicles	are	just	some	of	the	regulations	we	face	as	we	sell	our	vehicles.	In
many	states,	the	application	of	state	motor	vehicle	laws	to	our	specific	sales	model	is	largely	without	precedent,	particularly	with	respect	to	sales	over
the	internet,	and	would	be	determined	by	a	fact	specific	analysis	of	numerous	factors,	including	whether	we	have	a	physical	presence	or	employees	in
the	applicable	state,	whether	we	advertise	or	conduct	other	activities	in	the	applicable	state,	how	the	sale	transaction	is	structured,	the	volume	of	sales
into	the	state,	and	whether	the	state	in	question	prohibits	manufacturers	from	acting	as	dealers.	As	a	result	of	the	fact	specific	and	untested	nature	of
these	issues,	and	the	fact	that	applying	these	laws	intended	for	the	traditional	automobile	distribution	model	to	our	sales	model	allows
	
20Table	of	Contents
for	some	interpretation	and	discretion	by	the	regulators,	state	legal	prohibitions	may	prevent	us	from	selling	to	consumers	in	such	state.
California	laws,	and	potentially	the	laws	of	other	states,	restrict	the	ability	of	licensed	dealers	to	advertise	or	take	deposits	for	vehicles	before
they	are	available.	In	November	2007,	we	became	aware	that	the	New	Motor	Vehicle	Board	of	the	California	Department	of	Transportation	has
considered	whether	our	reservation	and	advertising	policies	comply	with	these	laws.	To	date,	we	have	not	received	any	communications	on	this	topic
from	the	New	Motor	Vehicle	Board	or	the	Department	of	Motor	Vehicles	(DMV)	which	has	the	power	to	enforce	these	laws.	There	can	be	no	assurance
that	the	DMV	will	not	take	the	position	that	our	vehicle	reservation	or	advertising	practices	violate	the	law.	We	expect	that	if	the	DMV	determines	that
we	may	have	violated	the	law,	it	would	initially	discuss	its	concerns	with	us	and	request	voluntary	compliance.	If	we	are	ultimately	found	to	be	in
violation	of	California	law,	we	might	be	precluded	from	taking	reservation	payments,	and	the	DMV	could	take	other	actions	against	us,	including	levying
fines	and	requiring	us	to	refund	reservation	payments.	Resolution	of	any	inquiry	may	also	involve	restructuring	certain	aspects	of	the	reservation
program.	The	DMV	also	has	the	power	to	suspend	licenses	to	manufacture	and	sell	vehicles	in	California,	following	a	hearing	on	the	merits,	which	it	has
typically	exercised	only	in	cases	of	significant	or	repeat	violations	and/or	a	refusal	to	comply	with	DMV	directions.
Certain	states	may	have	specific	laws	which	apply	to	dealers,	or	manufacturers	selling	directly	to	consumers,	or	both.	For	example,	the	state	of
Washington	requires	that	reservation	payments	or	other	payment	received	from	residents	in	the	state	of	Washington	must	be	placed	in	a	segregated
account	until	delivery	of	the	vehicle,	which	account	must	be	unencumbered	by	any	liens	from	creditors	of	the	dealer	and	may	not	be	used	by	the	dealer.
Consequently,	we	established	a	segregated	account	for	reservation	payments	in	the	state	of	Washington	in	January	2010.	There	can	be	no	assurance
that	other	state	or	foreign	jurisdictions	will	not	require	similar	segregation	of	reservation	payment	received	from	customers.	Our	inability	to	access
these	funds	for	working	capital	purposes	could	harm	our	liquidity.
Furthermore,	while	we	have	performed	an	analysis	of	the	principal	laws	in	the	European	Union	relating	to	our	distribution	model	and	believe	we
comply	with	such	laws,	we	have	not	performed	a	complete	analysis	in	all	foreign	jurisdictions	in	which	we	may	sell	vehicles.	Accordingly,	there	may	be
laws	in	jurisdictions	we	have	not	yet	entered	or	laws	we	are	unaware	of	in	jurisdictions	we	have	entered	that	may	restrict	our	vehicle	reservation
practices	or	other	business	practices.	Even	for	those	jurisdictions	we	have	analyzed,	the	laws	in	this	area	can	be	complex,	difficult	to	interpret	and	may
change	over	time.
In	addition	to	licensing	laws,	specific	laws	and	regulations	in	each	of	the	states	(and	their	interpretation	by	regulators)	may	limit	or	determine
how	we	sell,	market,	advertise,	and	otherwise	solicit	sales,	take	orders,	take	reservations	and	reservation	payments,	deliver,	and	service	vehicles	for
consumers	and	engage	in	other	activities	in	that	state.	While	we	have	performed	an	analysis	of	laws	in	certain	jurisdictions	in	which	we	have	Tesla
stores,	we	have	not	performed	a	complete	analysis	in	all	jurisdictions	in	which	we	may	sell	vehicles.	Accordingly,	there	may	be	laws	in	jurisdictions	we
have	not	yet	entered	that	may	restrict	our	vehicle	reservation	practices	or	other	business	practices.
Competition
Competition	in	the	automotive	industry	is	intense	and	evolving.	We	believe	the	impact	of	new	regulatory	requirements	for	occupant	safety	and
vehicle	emissions,	technological	advances	in	powertrain	and	consumer	electronics	components,	and	shifting	customer	needs	and	expectations	are
causing	the	industry	to	evolve	in	the	direction	of	electric-based	vehicles.	We	believe	the	primary	competitive	factors	in	our	markets	include	but	are	not
limited	to:
	
	
	
technological	innovation;
	
	
	
product	quality	and	safety;
	
21Table	of	Contents
	
	
service	options;
	
	
	
product	performance;
	
	
	
design	and	styling;
	
	
	
product	price;	and
	
	
	
manufacturing	efficiency.
We	believe	that	our	vehicles	compete	in	the	market	both	based	on	their	traditional	segment	classification	as	well	as	based	on	their	propulsion
technology.	Within	the	electric-based	vehicle	segment,	there	are	three	primary	means	of	powertrain	electrification	which	will	differentiate	various
competitors	in	this	market:
	
	
	
Electric	Vehicles
	are	vehicles	powered	completely	by	a	single	on-board	energy	storage	system	(battery	pack	or	fuel	cell)	which	is	refueled
directly	from	an	electricity	source.	Both	the	Tesla	Roadster	and	Model	S	are	examples	of	electric	vehicles.
	
	
	
Plug-in	Hybrid	Vehicles
	are	vehicles	powered	by	both	a	battery	pack	with	an	electric	motor	and	an	internal	combustion	engine	which	can	be
refueled	both	with	traditional	petroleum	fuels	for	the	engine	and	electricity	for	the	battery	pack.	The	internal	combustion	engine	can	either
work	in	parallel	with	the	electric	motor	to	power	the	wheels,	such	as	in	a	parallel	plug-in	hybrid	vehicle,	or	be	used	only	to	recharge	the
battery,	such	as	in	a	series	plug-in	hybrid	vehicle	like	the	Chevrolet	Volt.
	
	
	
Hybrid	Electric	Vehicles
	are	vehicles	powered	by	both	a	battery	pack	with	an	electric	motor	and	an	internal	combustion	engine	but	which
can	only	be	refueled	with	traditional	petroleum	fuels	as	the	battery	pack	is	charged	via	regenerative	braking,	such	as	used	in	a	hybrid
electric	vehicle	like	the	Toyota	Prius.
The	worldwide	automotive	market,	particularly	for	alternative	fuel	vehicles,	is	highly	competitive	today	and	we	expect	it	will	become	even	more	so
in	the	future.	Prior	to	the	introduction	of	the	Nissan	Leaf	in	December	2010,	no	mass	produced	performance	highway-capable	electric	vehicles	were
being	sold	in	the	United	States.	In	Japan,	Mitsubishi	has	been	selling	its	electric	iMiEV	since	April	2010.	We	expect	additional	competitors	to	enter	the
United	States	and	Europe	within	the	next	several	years,	and	as	they	do	so,	we	expect	that	we	will	experience	significant	competition.	With	respect	to
our	Tesla	Roadster,	we	currently	face	strong	competition	from	established	automobile	manufacturers,	including	manufacturers	of	high-performance
vehicles,	such	as	Porsche	and	Ferrari.	In	addition,	upon	the	launch	of	our	Model	S	sedan,	we	will	face	competition	from	existing	and	future	automobile
manufacturers	in	the	extremely	competitive	premium	sedan	market,	including	Audi,	BMW,	Lexus	and	Mercedes.
Many	established	and	new	automobile	manufacturers	have	entered	or	have	announced	plans	to	enter	the	alternative	fuel	vehicle	market.	For
example,	Nissan	introduced	the	Nissan	Leaf,	a	fully	electric	vehicle	in	December	2010	and	Ford	introduced	the	pure	electric	Ford	Focus	and	plug-in
hybrid	Ford	C-Max	Energi	and	Ford	Fusion	Energi	in	2012.	In	addition,	several	manufacturers,	including	General	Motors,	Toyota,	Ford,	and	Honda,	are
each	selling	hybrid	vehicles,	and	certain	of	these	manufacturers	have	announced	plug-in	versions	of	their	hybrid	vehicles.	For	example,	in	December
2010,	General	Motors	introduced	the	Chevrolet	Volt,	which	is	a	plug-in	hybrid	vehicle	that	operates	purely	on	electric	power	for	a	limited	number	of
miles,	at	which	time	an	internal	combustion	engine	engages	to	recharge	the	battery.
Moreover,	it	has	been	reported	that	BMW,	Daimler,	Lexus,	Audi,	Fiat,	Renault	and	Volkswagen	are	also	developing	electric	vehicles.	Several	new
start-ups	have	also	announced	plans	to	enter	the	market	for	performance	electric	vehicles,	although	none	of	these	have	yet	come	to	market.	Finally,
electric	vehicles	have	already	been	brought	to	market	in	China	and	other	foreign	countries	and	we	expect	a	number	of	those	manufacturers	to	enter	the
United	States	market	as	well.
	
22Table	of	Contents
Most	of	our	current	and	potential	competitors	have	significantly	greater	financial,	technical,	manufacturing,	marketing	and	other	resources	than
we	do	and	may	be	able	to	devote	greater	resources	to	the	design,	development,	manufacturing,	distribution,	promotion,	sale	and	support	of	their
products.	Virtually	all	of	our	competitors	have	more	extensive	customer	bases	and	broader	customer	and	industry	relationships	than	we	do.	In	addition,
almost	all	of	these	companies	have	longer	operating	histories	and	greater	name	recognition	than	we	do.	Our	competitors	may	be	in	a	stronger	position
to	respond	quickly	to	new	technologies	and	may	be	able	to	design,	develop,	market	and	sell	their	products	more	effectively.	We	believe	our	exclusive
focus	on	electric	vehicles	and	electric	vehicle	components,	as	well	as	our	history	of	vehicle	development	and	production,	are	the	basis	on	which	we	can
compete	in	the	global	automotive	market	in	spite	of	the	challenges	posed	by	our	competition;	however,	we	have	a	limited	history	of	operations.
Intellectual	Property
Our	success	depends,	at	least	in	part,	on	our	ability	to	protect	our	core	technology	and	intellectual	property.	To	accomplish	this,	we	rely	on	a
combination	of	patents,	patent	applications,	trade	secrets,	including	know-how,	employee	and	third	party	nondisclosure	agreements,	copyright	laws,
trademarks,	intellectual	property	licenses	and	other	contractual	rights	to	establish	and	protect	our	proprietary	rights	in	our	technology.	As	of
December	31,	2012,	we	had	117	issued	patents	and	more	than	258	pending	patent	applications	with	the	United	States	Patent	and	Trademark	Office	and
internationally	in	a	broad	range	of	areas.	Our	issued	patents	start	expiring	in	2026.	We	intend	to	continue	to	file	additional	patent	applications	with
respect	to	our	technology.	We	do	not	know	whether	any	of	our	pending	patent	applications	will	result	in	the	issuance	of	patents	or	whether	the
examination	process	will	require	us	to	narrow	our	claims.	Even	if	granted,	there	can	be	no	assurance	that	these	pending	patent	applications	will	provide
us	with	protection.
Seasonality
Sales	of	the	Tesla	Roadster	have	fluctuated	on	a	seasonal	basis	with	increased	sales	during	the	spring	and	summer	months	in	our	second	and
third	fiscal	quarters	relative	to	our	fourth	and	first	fiscal	quarters.	We	note	that,	in	general,	automotive	sales	tend	to	decline	over	the	winter	season	and
we	anticipate	that	our	sales	of	Model	S,	Model	X	and	other	electric	vehicles	we	introduce	in	the	future	may	have	similar	seasonality.	However,	our
limited	operating	history	makes	it	difficult	for	us	to	judge	the	exact	nature	or	extent	of	the	seasonality	of	our	business.	We	do	not	expect	our	powertrain
component	sales	and	development	services	revenue	to	be	impacted	to	a	significant	extent	by	seasonality.
Segment	Information
We	have	determined	that	we	operate	as	one	reporting	segment,	which	is	the	design,	development,	manufacturing	and	sales	of	electric	vehicles
and	electric	powertrain	components.	For	information	regarding	financial	data	by	geographic	areas,	see	Note	12	to	our	Consolidated	Financial
Statements	included	in	this	Annual	Report	on	Form	10-K	under	Item	8.	Financial	Statements	and	Supplementary	Data.
Employees
As	of	December	31,	2012,	we	had	approximately	2,964	full-time	employees.	None	of	our	employees	are	currently	represented	by	labor	unions	or
are	covered	by	a	collective	bargaining	agreement	with	respect	to	their	employment.	To	date,	we	have	not	experienced	any	work	stoppages,	and	we
consider	our	relationship	with	our	employees	to	be	good.
Available	Information
We	file	or	furnish	periodic	reports	and	amendments	thereto,	including	our	Annual	Reports	on	Form	10-K,	our	Quarterly	Reports	on	Form	10-Q	and
Current	Reports	on	Form	8-K;	proxy	statements	and	other	information
	
23Table	of	Contents
with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission	(SEC).	Such	reports,	amendments,	proxy	statements	and	other	information	may	be	obtained	by	visiting
the	Public	Reference	Room	of	the	SEC	at	100	F	Street,	NE,	Washington,	D.C.	20549.	Information	on	the	operation	of	the	Public	Reference	Room	can	be
obtained	by	calling	the	SEC	at	1-800-SEC-0330.	In	addition,	the	SEC	maintains	a	website	(
www.sec.gov
)	that	contains	reports,	proxy	and	information
statements,	and	other	information	regarding	issuers	that	file	electronically.	Our	reports,	amendments	thereto,	proxy	statements	and	other	information
are	also	made	available,	free	of	charge,	on	our	investor	relations	website	at	
ir.teslamotors.com
	as	soon	as	reasonably	practicable	after	we	electronically
file	or	furnish	such	information	with	the	SEC.	The	information	posted	on	our	website	is	not	incorporated	by	reference	into	this	Annual	Report	on	Form
10-K.
	
ITEM	1A.
RISK	FACTORS
You	should	carefully	consider	the	risks	described	below	together	with	the	other	information	set	forth	in	this	report,	which	could	materially	affect
our	business,	financial	condition	and	future	results.	The	risks	described	below	are	not	the	only	risks	facing	our	company.	Risks	and	uncertainties	not
currently	known	to	us	or	that	we	currently	deem	to	be	immaterial	also	may	materially	adversely	affect	our	business,	financial	condition	and	operating
results.
Risks	Related	to	Our	Business	and	Industry
We	may	be	unable	to	sustain	our	current	level	of	production	or	deliveries	of	Model	S,	both	of	which	could	harm	our	business	and
prospects.
We	began	manufacturing	and	delivering	Model	S	in	June	2012.	We	have	very	limited	experience	to	date	in	high	volume	manufacturing	of	our
electric	vehicles	as	we	only	recently	reached	full	production	of	Model	S.	Our	ability	to	maintain	high	volume	Model	S	production	will	depend	upon	a
number	of	factors,	including	our	suppliers​	ability	to	deliver	quality	parts	to	us	in	a	timely	manner,	our	ability	to	use	our	manufacturing	processes	as
planned	for	volume	production	while	maintaining	our	desired	quality	levels	and	efficiently	making	design	changes	to	ensure	consistently	high	quality.
The	Model	S	is	an	all	new	vehicle	which	we	are	producing	with	new	employees	using	new	equipment	and	therefore	our	production	processes	are	still
maturing.	To	produce	a	vehicle	that	meets	our	quality	standards	requires	us	to	carefully	analyze	each	step	of	our	production	plan,	improve	the
efficiency	of	our	manufacturing	processes	and	continue	to	train	our	employees.	Our	suppliers	also	must	produce	new	products	in	sufficient	quantities
and	quality	levels	to	meet	our	demand.	Certain	suppliers	have	experienced	delays	in	meeting	our	demand	and	we	continue	to	focus	on	supplier
capabilities	and	constraints.	Any	disruption	in	maintaining	our	production	level	of	Model	S	could	materially	damage	our	brand,	business,	prospects,
financial	condition	and	operating	results.
We	have	only	recently	increased	our	Model	S	delivery	rates	in	the	United	States	to	match	our	current	and	anticipated	Model	S	production
capacity.	We	have	very	limited	experience	in	the	high	volume	delivery	of	our	Model	S	vehicles	as	we	have	recently	reached	our	steady	state	production
rate	of	400	vehicles	produced	per	week.	Furthermore,	we	plan	to	start	European	deliveries	of	the	Model	S	this	summer	and	Asian	deliveries	later	in
2013,	but	have	limited	experience	delivering	vehicles	outside	of	the	United	States	and	thus	may	face	difficulties	meeting	our	delivery	plans	in	both
Europe	and	Asia.	If	we	are	unable	to	maintain	our	weekly	delivery	rate	to	match	our	steady	state	production	rate	of	Model	S,	ramp	up	deliveries	in
Europe	and	Asia	and	sustain	a	high	level	of	weekly	Model	S	deliveries	throughout	the	year,	this	could	result	in	negative	publicity,	damage	our	brand	and
have	a	material	adverse	effect	on	our	business,	prospects,	financial	condition	and	operating	results.​
In	addition,	for	Model	S	we	are	introducing	a	number	of	new	manufacturing	technologies	and	techniques,	such	as	aluminum	spot	welding
systems,	which	have	not	been	widely	adopted	in	the	automotive	industry,	and	Model	S	has	a	number	of	new	and	unique	design	features,	such	as	a	17
inch	display	screen,	newly	designed	retractable	exterior	door	handles	and	a	panoramic	roof,	each	of	which	poses	unique	manufacturing	challenges.
	
24Table	of	Contents
Model	S	production	and	deliveries	will	continue	to	require	significant	resources	and	we	may	experience	unexpected	delays	or	difficulties	that	could
harm	our	ability	to	maintain	full	manufacturing	capacity	for	Model	S,	or	cause	us	to	miss	planned	production	targets,	any	of	which	could	have	a	material
adverse	effect	on	our	business,	prospects,	operating	results	and	financial	condition.	Additionally,	sustaining	high	volume	production	and	doing	so	in	a
manner	that	avoids	significant	cost	overruns,	including	as	a	result	of	factors	beyond	our	control	such	as	problems	with	suppliers	and	vendors,	may	be
difficult.
Our	ability	to	sustain	volume	production	and	deliveries	for	Model	S	is	subject	to	certain	risks	and	uncertainties,	including:
	
	
	
that	our	suppliers	will	be	able	to	deliver	components	on	a	timely	basis	and	in	the	necessary	quantities,	quality	and	at	acceptable	prices	to
produce	Model	S	in	volume	and	reach	our	financial	targets;
	
	
	
that	we	will	be	able	to	complete	any	necessary	adjustments	to	the	vehicle	design	or	manufacturing	processes	of	Model	S	in	a	timely	manner
that	meets	our	production	plan	and	allows	for	high	quality	vehicles;
	
	
	
that	we	will	not	encounter	parts	quality	issues	before,	during	or	after	production	of	Model	S;
	
	
	
that	we	will	be	able	to	schedule	and	complete	deliveries	at	our	planned	volume	production;
	
	
	
that	the	equipment	or	tooling	which	we	have	purchased	or	which	we	select	will	be	able	to	accurately	manufacture	the	vehicle	within
specified	design	tolerances	and	will	not	suffer	from	unexpected	breakdowns	or	damage	which	could	negatively	affect	the	rate	needed	to
produce	vehicles	in	volume;
	
	
	
that	we	will	be	able	to	comply	with	environmental,	workplace	safety	and	similar	regulations	to	operate	our	manufacturing	facilities	and	our
business	on	our	projected	timeline;
	
	
	
that	we	will	be	able	to	maintain	high	quality	controls	as	we	transition	to	a	higher	level	of	in-house	manufacturing	process;	and
	
	
	
that	the	information	technology	systems	that	we	are	currently	expanding	and	improving	upon	will	be	effective	to	manage	high	volume
production.
Finally,	detailed	long-term	testing	of	systems	integration,	performance	and	safety	as	well	as	long-term	quality,	reliability	and	durability	testing	are
ongoing	and	any	negative	results	from	such	testing	could	cause	production	delays	in	Model	S,	cost	increases	or	lower	quality	Model	S	vehicles.
We	are	dependent	on	our	suppliers,	the	vast	majority	of	which	are	single	source	suppliers,	and	the	inability	of	these	suppliers	to
continue	to	deliver,	or	their	refusal	to	deliver,	necessary	components	of	our	vehicles	in	a	timely	manner	at	prices,	quality	levels,	and
volumes	acceptable	to	us	would	have	a	material	adverse	effect	on	our	business,	prospects	and	operating	results.
Model	S	contains	numerous	purchased	parts	which	we	source	globally	from	over	200	direct	suppliers,	the	vast	majority	of	whom	are	currently
single	source	suppliers	for	these	components.	While	we	obtain	components	from	multiple	sources	whenever	possible,	similar	to	other	automobile
manufacturers,	the	vast	majority	of	the	components	used	in	our	vehicles	are	purchased	by	us	from	single	sources.	To	date	we	have	not	qualified
alternative	sources	for	most	of	the	single	sourced	components	used	in	our	vehicles	and	we	generally	do	not	maintain	long-term	agreements	with	our
suppliers.
While	we	believe	that	we	may	be	able	to	establish	alternate	supply	relationships	and	can	obtain	or	engineer	replacement	components	for	our
single	source	components,	we	may	be	unable	to	do	so	in	the	short	term,	or	at	all,	at	prices	or	costs	that	are	favorable	to	us.	In	particular,	while	we
believe	that	we	will	be	able	to	secure	alternate	sources	of	supply	for	most	of	our	single	sourced	components	in	a	relatively	short	time	frame,	qualifying
alternate	suppliers	or	developing	our	own	replacements	for	certain	highly	customized	components	of	our	vehicles	may	be	time	consuming,	costly	and
may	force	us	to	make	additional	modifications	to	a	vehicle​s	design.
	
25Table	of	Contents
This	supply	chain	exposes	us	to	multiple	potential	sources	of	delivery	failure	or	component	shortages	for	Model	S,	as	well	as	for	our	powertrain
component	sales	activities.	For	example,	earthquakes	similar	to	the	one	that	occurred	in	Japan	in	March	2011	could	negatively	impact	our	supply	chain.
We	have	in	the	past	experienced	source	disruptions	in	our	supply	chains,	including	those	relating	to	our	slower-than-anticipated	ramp	in	our	Model	S
production	goals	for	2012.	We	may	experience	additional	delays	in	the	future	with	respect	to	Model	S	and	any	other	future	vehicle	we	may	produce.	In
addition,	because	we	do	not	have	written	agreements	in	place	with	all	our	suppliers,	this	may	create	uncertainty	regarding	certain	suppliers​	obligations
to	us,	including	but	not	limited	to,	those	regarding	warranty	and	product	liability.	Changes	in	business	conditions,	wars,	governmental	changes	and
other	factors	beyond	our	control	or	which	we	do	not	presently	anticipate,	could	also	affect	our	suppliers​	ability	to	deliver	components	to	us	on	a	timely
basis.	Furthermore,	if	we	experience	significant	increased	demand,	or	need	to	replace	certain	existing	suppliers,	there	can	be	no	assurance	that
additional	supplies	of	component	parts	will	be	available	when	required	on	terms	that	are	favorable	to	us,	at	all,	or	that	any	supplier	would	allocate
sufficient	supplies	to	us	in	order	to	meet	our	requirements	or	fill	our	orders	in	a	timely	manner.	In	the	past,	we	have	replaced	certain	suppliers	because
of	their	failure	to	provide	components	that	met	our	quality	control	standards.	The	loss	of	any	single	or	limited	source	supplier	or	the	disruption	in	the
supply	of	components	from	these	suppliers	could	lead	to	delays	in	vehicle	deliveries	to	our	customers,	which	could	hurt	our	relationships	with	our
customers	and	also	materially	adversely	affect	our	business,	prospects	and	operating	results.
Changes	in	our	supply	chain	have	resulted	in	the	past,	and	may	result	in	the	future,	in	increased	cost	and	delay.	We	have	also	experienced	cost
increases	from	certain	of	our	suppliers	in	order	to	meet	our	quality	targets	and	development	timelines	as	well	as	due	to	design	changes	that	we	made,
and	we	may	experience	similar	cost	increases	in	the	future.	Additionally,	we	are	negotiating	with	existing	suppliers	for	cost	reductions,	seeking	new	and
less	expensive	suppliers	for	certain	parts,	and	attempting	to	redesign	certain	parts	to	make	them	cheaper	to	produce.	If	we	are	unsuccessful	in	our
efforts	to	control	and	reduce	supplier	costs,	our	operating	results	will	suffer.	Additionally,	cost	reduction	efforts	may	interrupt	or	harm	our	normal
production	processes,	thereby	harming	Model	S	quality	or	reducing	Model	S	production	output.
Furthermore,	a	failure	by	our	suppliers	to	provide	the	components	in	a	timely	manner	or	at	the	level	of	quality	necessary	to	manufacture	our
performance	electric	vehicles	such	as	Model	S	could	prevent	us	from	fulfilling	customer	orders	in	a	timely	fashion	which	could	result	in	negative
publicity,	damage	our	brand	and	have	a	material	adverse	effect	on	our	business,	prospects,	financial	condition	and	operating	results.
If	we	are	unable	to	adequately	reduce	the	manufacturing	costs	of	Model	S	or	otherwise	control	the	costs	associated	with	operating	our
business,	our	business,	financial	condition,	operating	results	and	prospects	will	suffer.
Our	production	costs	for	Model	S	have	been	high	due	to	start-up	costs	at	the	Tesla	Factory,	manufacturing	inefficiencies	including	low	absorption
of	fixed	manufacturing	costs,	higher	logistics	costs	due	to	the	immaturity	of	our	supply	chain,	and	higher	initial	prices	for	component	parts	during	the
initial	period	after	the	launch	and	ramp	of	Model	S.	As	we	are	now	producing	cars	at	our	steady	state	production	volume	of	400	vehicles	per	week,
manufacturing	costs	have	started	to	fall.	While	we	expect	further	cost	reduction	efforts	undertaken	by	both	us	and	our	suppliers	will	continue	to	reduce
costs	during	2013,	there	is	no	guarantee	that	we	will	be	able	to	achieve	planned	cost	reductions	from	our	various	cost	savings	initiatives,	and	the	failure
to	achieve	such	savings	would	negatively	affect	our	ability	to	reach	our	gross	margin	and	profitability	goals.
We	incur	significant	costs	related	to	procuring	the	raw	materials	required	to	manufacture	our	high-performance	electric	cars,	assembling	vehicles
and	compensating	our	personnel.	We	may	also	incur	substantial	costs	in	increasing	the	production	capability	of	Model	S	and	powertrain	manufacturing
facilities,	each	of	which	could	potentially	face	cost	overruns.	If	Model	S	tooling,	production	equipment	and	parts	are	insufficient	for	use	in	Model	X,
perhaps	as	a	result	of	a	lower	level	of	commonality	between	the	two	vehicles	than	we	currently	anticipate,	our	costs	related	to	the	production	of	Model
X	may	exceed	expectations.
	
26Table	of	Contents
Additionally,	in	the	future	we	may	be	required	to	incur	substantial	marketing	costs	and	expenses	to	promote	our	vehicles,	including	through	the
use	of	traditional	media	such	as	television,	radio	and	print,	even	though	our	marketing	expenses	to	date	have	been	relatively	limited	as	we	have	to	date
relied	upon	unconventional	marketing	efforts.	If	we	are	unable	to	keep	our	operating	costs	aligned	with	the	level	of	revenues	we	generate,	our
operating	results,	business	and	prospects	will	be	harmed.	Furthermore,	many	of	the	factors	that	impact	our	operating	costs	are	beyond	our	control.	For
example,	the	costs	of	our	raw	materials	and	components,	such	as	lithium-ion	battery	cells	or	aluminum	used	to	produce	body	panels,	could	increase	due
to	shortages	as	global	demand	for	these	products	increases.	Indeed,	if	the	popularity	of	electric	vehicles	exceeds	current	expectations	without
significant	expansion	in	battery	cell	production	capacity	and	advancements	in	battery	cell	technology,	shortages	could	occur	which	would	result	in
increased	materials	costs	to	us.
Our	long-term	success	will	be	dependent	upon	our	ability	to	design	and	achieve	market	acceptance	of	new	vehicle	models,	specifically
Model	S	and	new	vehicle	models	such	as	Model	X.
Our	long-term	success	is	dependent	on	market	acceptance	of	two	new	vehicles:	the	Model	S	sedan	and	the	Model	X	crossover.	While	initial
reviews	of	Model	S	from	both	the	press	and	customers	have	been	positive,	there	is	no	guarantee	that	Model	S	will	be	successfully	accepted	by	the
general	public	in	the	long-term.
Additionally,	there	can	be	no	assurance	that	we	will	be	able	to	design	future	electric	vehicles	that	will	meet	the	expectations	of	our	customers	or
that	our	future	models,	including	Model	X,	will	become	commercially	viable.	We	only	recently	publicly	revealed	an	early	prototype	of	the	Model	X.	To
the	extent	that	we	are	not	able	to	build	Model	X	to	the	expectations	created	by	the	early	prototype	and	our	announced	specifications,	customers	may
cancel	their	reservations,	our	future	sales	could	be	harmed	and	investors	may	lose	confidence	in	us.	Furthermore,	historically,	automobile	customers
have	come	to	expect	new	and	improved	vehicle	models	to	be	introduced	frequently.	In	order	to	meet	these	expectations,	we	may	in	the	future	be
required	to	introduce	on	a	regular	basis	new	vehicle	models	as	well	as	enhanced	versions	of	existing	vehicle	models.	As	technologies	change	in	the
future	for	automobiles	in	general	and	performance	electric	vehicles	specifically,	we	will	be	expected	to	upgrade	or	adapt	our	vehicles	and	introduce	new
models	in	order	to	continue	to	provide	vehicles	with	the	latest	technology	and	meet	customer	expectations.	To	date,	we	have	limited	experience
simultaneously	designing,	testing,	manufacturing,	upgrading,	adapting	and	selling	our	electric	vehicles.
Our	future	growth	is	dependent	upon	consumers​	willingness	to	adopt	electric	vehicles.
Our	growth	is	highly	dependent	upon	the	adoption	by	consumers	of,	and	we	are	subject	to	an	elevated	risk	of	any	reduced	demand	for,	alternative
fuel	vehicles	in	general	and	electric	vehicles	in	particular.	If	the	market	for	electric	vehicles	does	not	develop	as	we	expect	or	develops	more	slowly	than
we	expect,	our	business,	prospects,	financial	condition	and	operating	results	will	be	harmed.	The	market	for	alternative	fuel	vehicles	is	relatively	new,
rapidly	evolving,	characterized	by	rapidly	changing	technologies,	price	competition,	additional	competitors,	evolving	government	regulation	and
industry	standards,	frequent	new	vehicle	announcements	and	changing	consumer	demands	and	behaviors.
Other	factors	that	may	influence	the	adoption	of	alternative	fuel	vehicles,	and	specifically	electric	vehicles,	include:
	
	
	
perceptions	about	electric	vehicle	quality,	safety	(in	particular	with	respect	to	lithium-ion	battery	packs),	design,	performance	and	cost,
especially	if	adverse	events	or	accidents	occur	that	are	linked	to	the	quality	or	safety	of	electric	vehicles,	such	as	those	related	to	the
Chevrolet	Volt	battery	pack	fires;
	
	
	
perceptions	about	vehicle	safety	in	general,	in	particular	safety	issues	that	may	be	attributed	to	the	use	of	advanced	technology,	including
vehicle	electronics	and	regenerative	braking	systems;
	
	
	
negative	perceptions	of	electric	vehicles,	such	as	that	they	are	more	expensive	than	non-electric	vehicles	and	are	only	affordable	with
government	subsidies;
	
27Table	of	Contents
	
	
the	limited	range	over	which	electric	vehicles	may	be	driven	on	a	single	battery	charge	and	the	effects	of	weather	on	this	range;
	
	
	
the	decline	of	an	electric	vehicle​s	range	resulting	from	deterioration	over	time	in	the	battery​s	ability	to	hold	a	charge;
	
	
	
varied	calculations	for	driving	ranges	achievable	by	EVs,
	
	
	
our	capability	to	rapidly	swap	out	the	Model	S	battery	pack	and	the	development	of	specialized	public	facilities	to	perform	such	swapping,
which	do	not	currently	exist	but	which	we	may	introduce	sometime	in	2013;
	
	
	
concerns	about	electric	grid	capacity	and	reliability,	which	could	derail	our	past	and	present	efforts	to	promote	electric	vehicles	as	a
practical	solution	to	vehicles	which	require	gasoline;
	
	
	
concerns	by	potential	customers	that	if	their	battery	pack	is	not	charged	properly,	it	may	become	unusable	and	may	need	to	be	replaced;
	
	
	
the	availability	of	alternative	fuel	vehicles,	including	plug-in	hybrid	electric	vehicles;
	
	
	
improvements	in	the	fuel	economy	of	the	internal	combustion	engine;
	
	
	
the	availability	of	service	for	electric	vehicles;
	
	
	
consumers​	desire	and	ability	to	purchase	a	luxury	automobile	or	one	that	is	perceived	as	exclusive;
	
	
	
the	environmental	consciousness	of	consumers;
	
	
	
volatility	in	the	cost	of	oil	and	gasoline;
	
	
	
consumers​	perceptions	of	the	dependency	of	the	United	States	on	oil	from	unstable	or	hostile	countries;
	
	
	
government	regulations	and	economic	incentives	promoting	fuel	efficiency	and	alternate	forms	of	energy;
	
	
	
access	to	charging	stations,	standardization	of	electric	vehicle	charging	systems	and	consumers​	perceptions	about	convenience	and	cost	to
charge	an	electric	vehicle;
	
	
	
the	availability	of	tax	and	other	governmental	incentives	to	purchase	and	operate	electric	vehicles	or	future	regulation	requiring	increased
use	of	nonpolluting	vehicles;
	
	
	
perceptions	about	and	the	actual	cost	of	alternative	fuel;	and
	
	
	
macroeconomic	factors.
In	addition,	reports	have	suggested	the	potential	for	extreme	temperatures	to	affect	the	range	or	performance	of	electric	vehicles.	Based	on
internal	testing,	we	estimate	that	our	Tesla	Roadster,	for	example,	would	have	a	5-10%	reduction	in	range	when	operated	in	-20°C	temperatures.	To	the
extent	customers	have	concerns	about	such	reductions	or	third	party	reports	which	suggest	reductions	in	range	greater	than	our	estimates	gain
widespread	acceptance,	our	ability	to	market	and	sell	our	vehicles,	particularly	in	colder	climates,	may	be	adversely	impacted.
Additionally,	we	will	become	subject	to	regulations	that	require	us	to	alter	the	design	of	our	vehicles,	which	could	negatively	impact	consumer
interest	in	our	vehicles.	For	example,	our	electric	vehicles	make	less	noise	than	internal	combustion	vehicles.	Due	to	concerns	about	overly	quietvehicles	and	vision	impaired	pedestrians,	in	January	2011,	Congress	passed	and	the	President	signed	the	Pedestrian	Safety	Enhancement	Act	of	2010.
The	new	law	requires	NHTSA	to	establish	minimum	sounds	for	electric	vehicles	and	hybrid	electric	vehicles	when	travelling	at	low	speeds.	NHTSA
plans	to	finalize	a	rule	early	next	year	with	an	effective	date	by	September	1,	2014.	This	will	begin	a	three	year	phase-in	schedule	for	establishing	these
minimum	sounds	in	all	electric	and	hybrid	electric
	
28Table	of	Contents
vehicles.	Adding	this	artificial	noise	may	cause	current	or	potential	customers	not	to	purchase	our	electric	vehicles,	which	would	materially	adversely
affect	our	business,	operating	results,	financial	condition	and	prospects.
Our	limited	operating	history	makes	evaluating	our	business	and	future	prospects	difficult,	and	may	increase	the	risk	of	your
investment.
You	must	consider	the	risks	and	difficulties	we	face	as	an	early	stage	company	with	a	limited	operating	history.	If	we	do	not	successfully	address
these	risks,	our	business,	prospects,	operating	results	and	financial	condition	will	be	materially	and	adversely	harmed.	We	were	formed	in	July	2003	and
began	delivering	our	first	vehicle,	the	Tesla	Roadster,	in	early	2008.	We	only	began	producing	our	second	electric	vehicle,	Model	S,	in	June	2012	and
our	production	processes	continue	to	mature.
We	have	historically	derived	our	revenues	principally	from	sales	of	the	Tesla	Roadster	and	from	electric	powertrain	development	services	and
sales.	Model	S	has	become	the	primary	contributor	to	our	revenue	starting	in	the	fourth	quarter	of	2012.	We	intend	in	the	longer	term	to	derive
substantial	revenues	from	the	sales	of	Model	S,	Model	X	and	future	electric	vehicles.	We	have	only	a	very	limited	operating	history	with	respect	to
Model	S.	While	we	expect	Model	S	cost	reduction	efforts	undertaken	by	both	us	and	our	suppliers	will	continue	to	reduce	the	costs	of	manufacturing
Model	S	during	2013,	the	success	and	timing	of	such	efforts	is	difficult	to	predict,	which	limits	our	ability	to	precisely	forecast	the	cost	of	producing
Model	S.	Further,	we	have	only	recently	produced	an	early	prototype	of	the	Model	X	crossover.	Our	vehicle	design	and	our	engineering,	manufacturing
and	component	supply	plans	for	Model	S	may	continue	to	be	adjusted.	In	addition,	our	powertrain	component	sales,	development	services	revenue	and
powertrain	research	and	development	compensation	have	been	almost	entirely	generated	under	arrangements	with	Daimler	AG	(Daimler)	and	Toyota
Motor	Corporation	(Toyota).	It	is	difficult	to	predict	our	future	revenues	and	appropriately	budget	for	our	expenses,	and	we	have	limited	insight	into
trends	that	may	emerge	and	affect	our	business.	In	the	event	that	actual	results	differ	from	our	estimates	or	we	adjust	our	estimates	in	future	periods,
our	operating	results	and	financial	position	could	be	materially	affected.
We	may	fail	to	meet	our	publicly	announced	guidance	or	other	expectations	about	our	business,	which	would	cause	our	stock	price	to
decline.
We	provide	guidance	regarding	our	expected	financial	and	business	performance	including	our	projections	regarding	the	number	of	vehicles	we
hope	to	sell	in	future	periods	and	our	anticipated	future	revenues	and	gross	margins.	Correctly	identifying	the	key	factors	affecting	business	conditions
and	predicting	future	events	is	inherently	an	uncertain	process.	Our	guidance	is	based	in	part	on	assumptions	which	include,	but	are	not	limited	to,
assumptions	regarding:
	
	
	
our	ability	to	achieve	anticipated	production	and	sales	volumes	and	projected	average	sales	prices	for	Model	S;
	
	
	
supplier	and	commodity-related	costs;
	
	
	
planned	cost	reductions;	and
	
	
	
our	ability	to	recognize	revenue	from	Daimler	and	from	selling	regulatory	credits	to	other	automobile	manufacturers.
Such	guidance	may	not	always	be	accurate	or	may	vary	from	actual	results	due	to	our	inability	to	meet	our	assumptions	and	the	impact	on	our
financial	performance	that	could	occur	as	a	result	of	the	various	risks	and	uncertainties	to	our	business	as	set	forth	in	these	risk	factors.	We	offer	no
assurance	that	such	guidance	will	ultimately	be	accurate,	and	investors	should	treat	any	such	guidance	with	appropriate	caution.	If	we	fail	to	meet	our
guidance	or	if	we	find	it	necessary	to	revise	such	guidance,	even	if	such	failure	or	revision	is	seemingly	insignificant,	investors	and	analysts	may	lose
confidence	in	us	and	the	market	value	of	our	common	stock	could	be	materially	adversely	affected.
	
29Table	of	Contents
We	may	be	unable	to	sell	additional	regulatory	credits,	such	as	zero	emission	vehicle	(ZEV)	and	greenhouse	gas	emission	(GHG)
credits,	to	other	automobile	manufacturers,	which	would	negatively	impact	our	revenues,	margins	and	our	ability	to	reach	profitability.
Our	revenues	to	date	have	included	amounts	we	receive	from	selling	certain	regulatory	credits	such	as	ZEV	and	GHG	credits	to	other	automobile
manufacturers.	While	we	continue	our	efforts	to	sign	agreements	with	a	limited	pool	of	automakers	to	sell	them	ZEV,	GHG	and	other	regulatory	credits,
we	may	not	be	able	to	enter	into	new	agreements	to	sell	any	or	all	our	available	regulatory	credits	related	to	Model	S,	Model	X	or	our	other	future
vehicles,	which	would	negatively	impact	our	revenues	and	margins.	Additionally,	any	inability	to	sell	additional	regulatory	credits	may	negatively	impact
our	ability	to	reach	or	maintain	profitability	in	the	short	term.
Our	vehicles	make	use	of	lithium-ion	battery	cells,	which	have	been	observed	to	catch	fire	or	vent	smoke	and	flame,	and	such	events
have	raised	concerns,	and	future	events	may	lead	to	additional	concerns,	about	the	batteries	used	in	automotive	applications.
The	battery	pack	in	the	Tesla	Roadster	and	Model	S	makes	use	of	lithium-ion	cells.	We	also	currently	intend	to	make	use	of	lithium-ion	cells	in
battery	packs	that	we	sell	to	Toyota	and	Daimler	as	well	as	any	future	vehicles	we	may	produce.	On	rare	occasions,	lithium-ion	cells	can	rapidly	release
the	energy	they	contain	by	venting	smoke	and	flames	in	a	manner	that	can	ignite	nearby	materials	as	well	as	other	lithium-ion	cells.	Highly	publicized
incidents	of	laptop	computers	and	cell	phones	bursting	into	flames	have	focused	consumer	attention	on	the	safety	of	these	cells.	More	recently,	multiple
Chevrolet	Volt	battery	pack	fires,	followed	by	a	government	investigation	into	the	cause	of	such	fires	focused	considerable	public	attention,	as	well	as
the	attention	of	NHTSA,	on	the	safety	of	electric	vehicles.
These	events	have	raised	concerns	about	the	batteries	used	in	automotive	applications.	To	address	these	questions	and	concerns,	a	number	of	cell
manufacturers	are	pursuing	alternative	lithium-ion	battery	cell	chemistries	to	improve	safety.	We	have	designed	the	battery	pack	to	passively	contain
any	single	cell​s	release	of	energy	without	spreading	to	neighboring	cells	and	we	are	not	aware	of	any	such	incident	in	our	customers​	vehicles.	However,
we	have	delivered	only	a	limited	number	of	Tesla	Roadsters	and	Model	S	sedans	to	customers	and	have	limited	field	experience	with	our	vehicles,
especially	Model	S.	We	have	also	only	delivered	a	limited	number	of	battery	packs	to	Toyota	and	Daimler.	Accordingly,	there	can	be	no	assurance	that	a
field	or	testing	failure	of	our	Model	S	or	other	battery	packs	that	we	produce	will	not	occur,	which	could	damage	the	vehicle	or	lead	to	personal	injury
or	death	and	may	subject	us	to	lawsuits.	We	may	have	to	recall	our	vehicles	or	participate	in	a	recall	of	a	vehicle	that	contains	our	battery	packs,	and
redesign	our	battery	packs,	which	would	be	time	consuming	and	expensive.	Also,	negative	public	perceptions	regarding	the	suitability	of	lithium-ion
cells	for	automotive	applications	or	any	future	incident	involving	lithium-ion	cells	such	as	a	vehicle	or	other	fire,	even	if	such	incident	does	not	involve
us,	could	seriously	harm	our	business.
In	addition,	we	store	a	significant	number	of	lithium-ion	cells	at	our	manufacturing	facility.	Any	mishandling	of	battery	cells	may	cause	disruption
to	the	operation	of	our	facilities.	While	we	have	implemented	safety	procedures	related	to	the	handling	of	the	cells,	there	can	be	no	assurance	that	a
safety	issue	or	fire	related	to	the	cells	would	not	disrupt	our	operations.	Such	damage	or	injury	would	likely	lead	to	adverse	publicity	and	potentially	a
safety	recall.	Moreover,	any	failure	of	a	competitor​s	electric	vehicle,	especially	those	that	use	a	high	volume	of	commodity	cells	similar	to	the	Tesla
Roadster	or	Model	S,	may	cause	indirect	adverse	publicity	for	us	and	our	electric	vehicles.	Such	adverse	publicity	would	negatively	affect	our	brand	and
harm	our	business,	prospects,	financial	condition	and	operating	results.
If	our	vehicles	or	vehicles	that	contain	our	powertrains	fail	to	perform	as	expected,	or	if	we	suffer	product	recalls	for	Model	S,	our
ability	to	develop,	market	and	sell	our	electric	vehicles	could	be	harmed.
Our	vehicles,	or	vehicles	that	contain	our	powertrains	such	as	the	Toyota	RAV4	EV	or	future	Daimler	vehicles,	may	contain	defects	in	design	and
manufacture	that	may	cause	them	not	to	perform	as	expected	or	that
	
30Table	of	Contents
may	require	repair.	For	example,	our	vehicles	use	a	substantial	amount	of	software	code	to	operate.	Software	products	are	inherently	complex	and	often
contain	defects	and	errors	when	first	introduced,	and	changes	to	software	may	have	unexpected	effects.	Recent	Model	S	issues	experienced	by
customers	include	those	related	to	the	software	for	the	17	inch	display	screen	and	the	retractable	exterior	door	handles	and	the	12V	battery.
While	we	have	performed	extensive	internal	testing,	we	currently	have	a	limited	frame	of	reference	by	which	to	evaluate	the	long-term
performance	of	our	battery	packs,	powertrains	and	vehicles.	Specifically,	we	have	only	a	limited	amount	of	data	by	which	to	evaluate	Model	S,	upon
which	our	business	prospects	depend,	due	to	the	fact	that	we	only	recently	began	production	in	June	2012	in	limited	quantities.	There	can	be	no
assurance	that	we	will	be	able	to	detect	and	fix	any	defects	in	the	vehicles	prior	to	their	sale	to	consumers.
We	experienced	product	recalls	in	May	2009	and	October	2010,	both	of	which	were	unrelated	to	our	electric	powertrain.	In	May	2009,	we
initiated	a	product	recall	after	we	determined	that	a	condition	caused	by	insufficient	torquing	of	the	rear	inner	hub	flange	bolt	existed	in	some	of	our
Tesla	Roadsters,	as	a	result	of	a	missed	process	during	the	manufacture	of	the	Tesla	Roadster	glider,	which	is	the	partially	assembled	Tesla	Roadster
that	does	not	contain	our	electric	powertrain.	In	October	2010,	we	initiated	a	product	recall	after	the	12	volt,	low	voltage	auxiliary	cable	in	a	single
vehicle	chafed	against	the	edge	of	a	carbon	fiber	panel	in	the	vehicle	causing	a	short,	smoke	and	possible	fire	behind	the	right	front	headlamp	of	the
vehicle.	Although	the	cost	of	this	recall	was	not	material,	we	may	experience	additional	recalls	in	the	future,	which	could	adversely	affect	our	brand	in
our	target	markets	and	could	adversely	affect	our	business,	prospects	and	results	of	operations.
Our	electric	vehicles	may	not	perform	consistent	with	customers​	expectations	or	consistent	with	other	vehicles	currently	available.	For	example,
our	electric	vehicles	may	not	have	the	durability	or	longevity	of	current	vehicles,	and	may	not	be	as	easy	to	repair	as	other	vehicles	currently	on	the
market.	Additionally,	while	we	have	designed	Model	S	with	the	intent	to	achieve	an	overall	five	star	safety	rating,	NHTSA	testing	of	these	vehicles	is	not
scheduled	until	later	this	year	and	may	not	produce	the	anticipated	results.	Any	product	defects	or	any	other	failure	of	our	performance	electric	vehicles
to	perform	as	expected	could	harm	our	reputation	and	result	in	adverse	publicity,	lost	revenue,	delivery	delays,	product	recalls,	product	liability	claims,
harm	to	our	brand	and	reputation,	and	significant	warranty	and	other	expenses,	and	could	have	a	material	adverse	impact	on	our	business,	financial
condition,	operating	results	and	prospects.
We	have	a	history	of	losses	and	have	to	deliver	significant	cost	reductions	to	achieve	profitability	in	2013	and	long-term	commercial
success.
We	incurred	a	net	loss	of	$396.2	million	for	the	year	ended	December	31,	2012.	In	addition,	we	have	accumulated	net	losses	of	$1,065.6	million
from	our	inception	through	December	31,	2012.	We	have	had	net	losses	in	each	quarter	since	our	inception.	Even	if	we	are	able	to	successfully	maintain
our	current	Model	S	production	levels,	there	can	be	no	assurance	that	it	will	be	commercially	successful.	In	order	to	achieve	profitability	in	2013	as	well
as	long-term	commercial	success,	we	must	continue	to	achieve	our	planned	cost	reductions	and	control	our	operational	costs	while	producing	quality
Model	S	vehicles	at	volume,	maintain	our	Model	S	delivery	rates	to	match	our	current	and	anticipated	Model	S	production	capacity,	maintain	strong
demand	for	Model	S,	and	achieve	our	planned	cost	reductions	and	control	our	operational	costs.	Failure	to	do	one	or	more	of	these	things	could	prevent
us	from	reaching	profitability.
Increases	in	costs,	disruption	of	supply	or	shortage	of	raw	materials,	in	particular	lithium-ion	cells,	could	harm	our	business.
We	may	experience	increases	in	the	cost	or	a	sustained	interruption	in	the	supply	or	shortage	of	raw	materials.	Any	such	increase	or	supply
interruption	could	materially	negatively	impact	our	business,	prospects,	financial	condition	and	operating	results.	We	use	various	raw	materials	in	our
business	including	aluminum,	steel,	nickel	and	copper.	The	prices	for	these	raw	materials	fluctuate	depending	on	market	conditions	and	global
	
31Table	of	Contents
demand	for	these	materials	and	could	adversely	affect	our	business	and	operating	results.	For	instance,	we	are	exposed	to	multiple	risks	relating	to
price	fluctuations	for	lithium-ion	cells.	These	risks	include:
	
	
	
the	inability	or	unwillingness	of	current	battery	manufacturers	to	build	or	operate	battery	cell	manufacturing	plants	to	supply	the	numbers
of	lithium-ion	cells	required	to	support	the	growth	of	the	electric	or	plug-in	hybrid	vehicle	industry	as	demand	for	such	cells	increases;
	
	
	
disruption	in	the	supply	of	cells	due	to	quality	issues	or	recalls	by	battery	cell	manufacturers;
	
	
	
an	increase	in	the	cost	of	raw	materials,	such	as	nickel	used	in	lithium-ion	cells,	or	aluminum	used	in	the	body	of	Model	S;	and
	
	
	
fluctuations	in	the	value	of	the	Japanese	yen	against	the	U.S.	dollar	as	our	battery	cell	purchases	are	currently	denominated	in	yen.
Our	business	is	dependent	on	the	continued	supply	of	battery	cells	for	our	vehicles​	battery	packs	as	well	as	for	the	battery	packs	we	produce	for
other	automobile	manufacturers.	While	we	believe	several	sources	of	the	battery	cells	are	available	for	such	battery	packs,	we	have	fully	qualified	only	a
limited	number	of	suppliers	for	the	cells	used	in	such	battery	packs	and	have	very	limited	flexibility	in	changing	cell	suppliers.	Any	disruption	in	the
supply	of	battery	cells	from	such	vendor	could	temporarily	disrupt	production	of	Model	S	and	of	the	battery	packs	we	produce	for	other	automobile
manufacturers	until	such	time	as	a	different	supplier	is	fully	qualified.	Furthermore,	fluctuations	or	shortages	in	petroleum	and	other	economic
conditions	may	cause	us	to	experience	significant	increases	in	freight	charges	and	raw	material	costs.	Substantial	increases	in	the	prices	for	our	raw
materials	or	prices	charged	to	us,	such	as	those	charged	by	our	battery	cell	manufacturers,	would	increase	our	operating	costs,	and	could	reduce	our
margins	if	we	cannot	recoup	the	increased	costs	through	increased	electric	vehicle	prices.	There	can	be	no	assurance	that	we	will	be	able	to	recoup
increasing	costs	of	raw	materials	by	increasing	vehicle	prices.	We	have	also	recently	announced	pricing	in	the	U.S.	for	Model	S.	Any	attempts	to
increase	the	announced	prices	in	response	to	increased	raw	material	costs	could	be	viewed	negatively	by	our	customers,	result	in	cancellations	of
Model	S	reservations	and	could	materially	adversely	affect	our	brand,	image,	business,	prospects	and	operating	results.
The	new	labeling	requirements	for	electric	vehicles	established	by	the	United	States	Environmental	Protection	Agency	require	us	to
affix	a	label	to	the	vehicle​s	window	regarding	vehicle	range	capabilities	which	differ	from	our	previously	announced	range	capabilities
could	negatively	impact	our	sales	or	harm	our	business.
In	July	2011,	the	EPA	amended	the	requirements	for	the	fuel	economy	stickers	that	appear	on	new	alternative	fueled	cars	offered	for	sale	starting
with	model	year	2013	(i.e.,	the	Monroney	label).	Prior	to	these	amended	requirements,	we	advertised	that	we	planned	to	offer	Model	S	with	a	variety	of
battery	pack	options,	which	we	estimated	would	offer	a	range	on	a	single	charge	of	160	miles,	230	miles,	and	300	miles,	respectively,	while	traveling	at
a	steady	speed	of	55	miles	per	hour.	The	EPA​s	amended	fuel	economy	sticker	requirements,	however,	require	us	to	label	Model	S	utilizing	different
energy	efficiency	testing	methodologies	based	on	five	different	test	cycles	(i.e.,	the	5-cycle	test).	Based	on	these	energy	efficiency	testing
methodologies,	the	range	of	the	Model	S	vehicle	equipped	with	the	largest	85	kWh	battery	pack	has	an	EPA	certified	range	of	265	miles	on	a	single
charge.	The	Model	S	vehicle	equipped	with	a	60	kWh	battery	pack	has	an	EPA	certified	range	of	208	miles	on	a	single	charge.	Regardless	of	the	range
testing	method,	actual	driving	ranges	will	vary	for	many	reasons,	including	driving	conditions,	how	customers	drive	and	maintain	their	vehicles	and
external	factors	such	as	wind	and	elevation	change.	Variations	in	actual	driving	range	experienced	by	customers	and	not	accurately	reflected	by	EPA​s
certified	range	could	negatively	impact	customer	perceptions	and	negatively	impact	our	vehicle	sales.
Our	success	could	be	harmed	by	negative	publicity	regarding	our	company	or	our	products,	particularly	Model	S.
From	time	to	time,	our	vehicles	are	evaluated	by	third	parties.	For	example,	the	show	Top	Gear	which	airs	on	the	British	Broadcasting
Corporation	did	a	review	of	the	Tesla	Roadster	in	2008.	Top	Gear	is	one	of	the	most
	
32Table	of	Contents
watched	automotive	shows	in	the	world	with	an	estimated	350	million	viewers	worldwide	and	is	broadcast	in	over	100	countries.	Since	originally	airing
in	the	fall	of	2008,	the	episode	about	the	Tesla	Roadster	has	been	rebroadcast	repeatedly	around	the	world.	The	review	of	the	Tesla	Roadster	included	a
number	of	significant	falsehoods	regarding	the	car​s	performance,	range	and	safety.	Such	criticisms	create	a	negative	public	perception	about	the	Tesla
Roadster,	and	to	the	extent	that	these	comments	are	believed	by	the	public,	may	cause	current	or	potential	customers	not	to	purchase	our	electric
vehicles	such	as	Model	S	or	Model	X,	which	would	materially	adversely	affect	our	business,	operating	results,	financial	condition	and	prospects.
The	range	of	our	electric	vehicles	on	a	single	charge	declines	over	time	which	may	negatively	influence	potential	customers​	decisions
whether	to	purchase	our	vehicles.
The	range	of	our	electric	vehicles	on	a	single	charge	declines	principally	as	a	function	of	usage,	time	and	charging	patterns	as	well	as	other
factors.	For	example,	a	customer​s	use	of	their	Tesla	vehicle	as	well	as	the	frequency	with	which	they	charge	the	battery	pack	of	their	Tesla	vehicle	can
result	in	additional	deterioration	of	the	battery	pack​s	ability	to	hold	a	charge.	For	example,	we	currently	expect	that	our	battery	pack	for	the	Tesla
Roadster	will	retain	approximately	60-65%	of	its	ability	to	hold	its	initial	charge	after	approximately	100,000	miles	or	seven	years,	which	will	result	in	a
decrease	to	the	vehicle​s	initial	range.	Such	battery	pack	deterioration	and	the	related	decrease	in	range	and	power	may	negatively	influence	potential
customer	decisions	whether	to	purchase	our	vehicles,	which	may	harm	our	ability	to	market	and	sell	our	vehicles.
We	are	dependent	upon	our	loan	facility	from	the	United	States	Department	of	Energy.
We	have	relied	on	our	DOE	Loan	Facility	to	develop	and	produce	Model	S	and	develop	the	Tesla	Factory.	Our	DOE	Loan	Facility	provided	for	a
$465.0	million	loan	facility	under	the	DOE​s	ATVM	Program	to	help	finance	the	development	of	Model	S,	including	the	increase	in	production	capacity
and	operation	of	our	manufacturing	facility,	and	to	finance	the	build	out	and	operation	of	our	electric	powertrain	manufacturing	facility.	All	advanced
funds,	as	of	the	most	recent	amendment	to	the	DOE	Loan	Facility	in	March	2013,	are	repayable	on	a	quarterly	basis	through	December	15,	2017.
Our	DOE	Loan	Facility	documents	contain	customary	covenants	that	include,	among	others,	a	requirement	that	the	project	be	conducted	in
accordance	with	the	business	plan	for	such	project,	compliance	with	all	requirements	of	the	ATVM	Program,	and	limitations	on	our	and	our	subsidiaries​
ability	to	incur	indebtedness,	incur	liens,	make	investments	or	loans,	enter	into	mergers	or	acquisitions,	dispose	of	assets,	pay	dividends	or	make
distributions	on	capital	stock,	prepay	indebtedness,	pay	management,	advisory	or	similar	fees	to	affiliates,	enter	into	certain	affiliate	transactions,	enter
into	new	lines	of	business	and	enter	into	certain	restrictive	agreements.	These	restrictions	may	limit	our	ability	to	operate	our	business	and	may	cause
us	to	take	actions	or	prevent	us	from	taking	actions	we	believe	are	necessary	from	a	competitive	standpoint	or	that	we	otherwise	believe	are	necessary
to	grow	our	business.	In	addition,	our	DOE	Loan	Facility	also	contains	a	variety	of	customary	financial	covenants,	including	covenants	related	to	current
ratio,	leverage	ratio,	interest	coverage	ratio	and	fixed	charge	coverage	ratio.	We	modified	certain	of	these	covenants	in	February	2012,	September
2012,	and	again	in	March	2013.
If	we	do	not	comply	with	the	requirements	of	the	DOE	Loan	Facility,	such	failure,	if	not	waived	by	the	DOE,	could	cause	a	default	under	the	DOE
Loan	Facility.	In	the	event	of	a	default,	the	DOE	could	declare	the	existing	outstanding	loan	amounts	to	be	due	immediately.	Any	acceleration	of	the
repayment	of	outstanding	loan	amounts	would	materially	and	adversely	affect	our	business	and	prospects.	If,	in	the	future,	we	are	not	able	to	comply
with	our	covenants,	including	as	set	forth	above,	we	may	need	to	seek	additional	waivers,	and	there	can	be	no	assurance	the	DOE	will	be	willing	to
grant	such	waivers	at	that	time.	We	also	have	cross-default	provisions	in	contracts	with	certain	equipment	lessors	and	suppliers,	pursuant	to	which	an
event	of	default	under	the	DOE	Loan	Facility	may	result	in	a	default	under	such	contract,	which	could	lead	to	termination	of	such	contract,	an
acceleration	of	obligations,	payment	of	liquidated	damages	and/or	repossession	of	leased	property	by	an	equipment	lessor.
	
33Table	of	Contents
In	addition,	our	DOE	Loan	Facility	requires	Mr.	Musk	and	certain	of	his	affiliates,	until	one	year	after	we	complete	the	project	relating	to	the
Model	S	Facility,	to	own	at	least	65%	of	the	Tesla	capital	stock	held	by	them	as	of	the	date	of	the	DOE	Loan	Facility,	and	a	failure	to	comply	would	be	an
event	of	default	that	could	result	in	an	acceleration	of	all	obligations	under	the	DOE	Loan	Facility	documents	and	the	exercise	of	other	remedies	by	the
DOE.
We	are	currently	expanding	and	improving	our	information	technology	systems.	If	these	implementations	are	not	successful,	our
business	and	operations	could	be	disrupted	and	our	operating	results	could	be	harmed.
We	are	currently	expanding	and	improving	our	information	technology	systems,	including	implementing	new	internally	developed	systems,	to
assist	us	in	the	management	of	our	business.	In	particular,	our	volume	production	of	Model	S	will	necessitate	the	development,	maintenance	and
improvement	of	our	information	technology	systems	which	include	product	data	management,	procurement,	inventory	management,	production
planning	and	execution,	sales	and	logistics,	dealer	management,	financial	and	regulatory	compliance	systems.	These	systems	support	our	operations
and	enable	us	to	produce	Model	S	in	volume.	The	implementation,	maintenance	and	improvement	of	these	systems	require	significant	management
time,	support	and	cost.	Moreover,	there	are	inherent	risks	associated	with	developing,	improving	and	expanding	our	core	systems	as	well	as
implementing	new	systems,	including	the	disruption	of	our	data	management,	procurement	processes,	manufacturing	execution,	finance,	supply	chain
and	sales	processes	that	may	affect	our	ability	to	manage	our	data	and	inventory,	procure	parts	or	supplies	or	manufacture,	sell	and	deliver	vehicles	to
our	Tesla	stores	and	customers.	We	cannot	be	sure	that	these	expanded	systems	or	their	required	functionality	will	be	fully	or	effectively	implemented
on	a	timely	basis,	if	at	all,	or	maintained.	If	we	do	not	successfully	implement,	improve	or	maintain	these	systems,	our	operations	may	be	disrupted	and
our	operating	results	could	be	harmed.	In	addition,	these	systems	or	their	functionality	may	not	operate	as	we	expect	them	to,	and	we	may	be	required
to	expend	significant	resources	to	correct	problems	or	find	alternative	sources	for	performing	these	functions.
Our	distribution	model	is	different	from	the	predominant	current	distribution	model	for	automobile	manufacturers,	which	makes
evaluating	our	business,	operating	results	and	future	prospects	difficult.
Our	distribution	model	is	not	common	in	the	automobile	industry	today,	particularly	in	the	United	States.	We	plan	to	continue	to	sell	our
performance	electric	vehicles	in	company-owned	Tesla	stores	and	over	the	internet.	This	model	of	vehicle	distribution	is	relatively	new	and	unproven,
especially	in	the	United	States,	and	subjects	us	to	substantial	risk	as	it	requires,	in	the	aggregate,	a	significant	expenditure	and	provides	for	slower
expansion	of	our	distribution	and	sales	systems	than	may	be	possible	by	utilizing	a	more	traditional	dealer	franchise	system.	For	example,	we	will	not	be
able	to	utilize	long-established	sales	channels	developed	through	a	franchise	system	to	increase	our	sales	volume,	which	may	harm	our	business,
prospects,	financial	condition	and	operating	results.	Moreover,	we	will	be	competing	with	companies	with	well-established	distribution	channels.
We	have	opened	Tesla	stores	in	the	United	States,	Europe	and	Japan,	many	of	which	have	been	open	for	only	a	short	period	of	time.	We	have	only
limited	experience	distributing	and	selling	our	performance	vehicles	through	our	Tesla	stores.	Our	success	will	depend	in	large	part	on	our	ability	to
effectively	develop	our	own	sales	channels	and	marketing	strategies.	Implementing	our	business	model	is	subject	to	numerous	significant	challenges,
including	obtaining	permits	and	approvals	from	local	and	state	authorities,	and	we	may	not	be	successful	in	addressing	these	challenges.	In	April	2011,
we	began	the	roll	out	of	our	new	interactive	store	strategy.	The	concept	and	layout	of	these	new	stores,	which	are	located	in	high	profile	retail	centers,
is	different	than	what	has	previously	been	used	in	automotive	sales.	We	do	not	know	whether	our	new	store	strategy	will	be	successful,	if	consumers
will	be	willing	to	purchase	vehicles	in	this	manner	or	if	these	locations	will	be	deemed	to	comply	with	applicable	zoning	restrictions	as	well	as	approval
and	acceptance	from	the	specific	high	profile	retail	centers	in	which	we	seek	to	locate	our	stores.	As	a	result,	we	may	incur	additional	costs	in	order	to
improve	or	change	our	retail	strategy.
	
34Table	of	Contents
Other	aspects	of	our	distribution	model	also	differ	from	those	used	by	traditional	automobile	manufacturers.	For	example,	all	of	our	sales	of	Model
S	to	date	have	been	made	to	individuals	on	our	Model	S	reservations	list	who	have	to	wait	for	their	Model	S	vehicles	to	be	built	to	take	delivery.
Moreover,	we	do	not	anticipate	that	we	will	ever	carry	a	significant	amount	of	Model	S	inventory	at	our	stores	and	even	after	we	work	through	the
current	reservations	list,	we	expect	that	there	will	be	sufficient	ongoing	reservations	such	that	customers	will	usually	need	to	wait	a	few	months	from
the	time	they	place	an	order	until	the	time	they	receive	their	vehicle.	This	type	of	custom	manufacturing	is	unusual	in	the	premium	sedan	market	in	the
United	States	and	it	is	unproven	whether	the	average	customer	will	be	willing	to	wait	this	amount	of	time	for	such	a	vehicle.	If	customers	do	not
embrace	this	ordering	and	retail	experience,	our	business	will	be	harmed.
You	must	consider	our	business	and	prospects	in	light	of	the	risks,	uncertainties	and	difficulties	we	encounter	as	we	implement	our	business
model.	For	instance,	we	will	need	to	persuade	customers,	suppliers	and	regulators	of	the	validity	and	sustainability	of	our	business	model.	We	cannot	be
certain	that	we	will	be	able	to	do	so,	or	to	successfully	address	the	risks,	uncertainties	and	difficulties	that	our	business	strategy	faces.	Any	failure	to
successfully	address	any	of	the	risks,	uncertainties	and	difficulties	related	to	our	business	model	would	have	a	material	adverse	effect	on	our	business
and	prospects.
We	may	face	regulatory	limitations	on	our	ability	to	sell	vehicles	directly	or	over	the	internet	which	could	materially	and	adversely
affect	our	ability	to	sell	our	electric	vehicles.
We	sell	our	vehicles	from	our	Tesla	stores	as	well	as	over	the	internet.	We	may	not	be	able	to	sell	our	vehicles	through	this	sales	model	in	each
state	in	the	United	States	as	many	states	have	laws	that	may	be	interpreted	to	prohibit	internet	sales	by	manufacturers	to	residents	of	the	state	or	to
impose	other	limitations	on	this	sales	model,	including	laws	that	prohibit	manufacturers	from	selling	vehicles	directly	to	consumers	without	the	use	of
an	independent	dealership	or	without	a	physical	presence	in	the	state.	For	example,	some	states	provide	that	a	manufacturer	cannot	deliver	a	vehicle	to
a	resident	of	their	state	except	through	a	dealer	licensed	to	do	business	in	such	state,	which	may	be	interpreted	to	require	us	to	open	a	store	in	that
state	in	order	to	sell	vehicles	to	their	residents.	In	some	states	where	we	have	opened	a	gallery,	which	is	a	location	where	potential	customers	can	view
our	vehicles	but	is	not	a	full	retail	location,	it	is	possible	that	a	state	regulator	could	take	the	position	that	activities	at	our	gallery	constitute	an
unlicensed	motor	vehicle	dealership	and	thereby	violates	applicable	manufacturer-dealer	laws.	In	addition,	some	states	have	requirements	that	service
facilities	be	available	with	respect	to	vehicles	sold	in	the	state,	which	may	be	interpreted	to	also	require	that	service	facilities	be	available	with	respect
to	vehicles	sold	over	the	internet	to	residents	of	the	state	thereby	limiting	our	ability	to	sell	vehicles	in	states	where	we	do	not	maintain	service
facilities.
The	foregoing	examples	of	state	laws	governing	the	sale	of	motor	vehicles	are	just	some	of	the	regulations	we	will	face	as	we	sell	our	vehicles.	In
many	states,	the	application	of	state	motor	vehicle	laws	to	our	specific	sales	model	is	largely	untested	under	state	motor	vehicle	industry	laws,
particularly	with	respect	to	sales	over	the	internet,	and	would	be	determined	by	a	fact	specific	analysis	of	numerous	factors,	including	whether	we	have
a	physical	presence	or	employees	in	the	applicable	state,	whether	we	advertise	or	conduct	other	activities	in	the	applicable	state,	how	the	sale
transaction	is	structured,	the	volume	of	sales	into	the	state,	and	whether	the	state	in	question	prohibits	manufacturers	from	acting	as	dealers.	As	a
result	of	the	fact	specific	and	untested	nature	of	these	issues,	and	the	fact	that	applying	these	laws	intended	for	the	traditional	automobile	distribution
model	to	our	sales	model	allows	for	some	interpretation	and	discretion	by	the	regulators,	the	manner	in	which	the	applicable	authorities	will	apply	their
state	laws	to	our	distribution	model	is	difficult	to	predict.	Such	laws,	as	well	as	other	laws	governing	the	motor	vehicle	industry,	may	subject	us	to
potential	inquiries	and	investigations	from	state	motor	vehicle	regulators	who	may	question	whether	our	sales	model	complies	with	applicable	state
motor	vehicle	industry	laws	and	who	may	require	us	to	change	our	sales	model	or	may	prohibit	our	ability	to	sell	our	vehicles	to	residents	in	such	states.
In	addition,	decisions	by	regulators	permitting	us	to	sell	vehicles	may	be	subject	to	challenges	as	to	whether	such	decisions	comply	with	applicable	state
motor	vehicle	industry	laws.	In	October	2012,	vehicle	dealer	associations	in	New	York	and	Massachusetts	filed	lawsuits	to	revoke	the	dealer	license
issued	to	Tesla	Motors	New	York	in	New	York	and	to	limit	the	business	activity	of	Tesla	Motors	MA,
	
35Table	of	Contents
Inc.	in	Massachusetts.	The	Massachusetts	lawsuit	has	was	dismissed	by	the	court	in	our	favor	in	December	2012	and	is	currently	being	appealed	by	the
plaintiffs.	Although	we	believe	that	Massachusetts	and	New	York	laws	were	not	designed	to	prevent	our	distribution	model,	such	challenges	in	these
states,	and	possible	similar	challenges	in	other	states,	if	successful,	could	restrict	or	prohibit	our	ability	to	sell	our	vehicles	to	residents	in	such	states.
In	some	states,	such	as	Massachusetts	and	Minnesota,	there	are	also	legislative	efforts	by	vehicle	dealer	associations	to	propose	bills	that,	if	enacted,
would	prevent	us	from	obtaining	dealer	licenses	in	their	states	given	our	current	sales	model.
We	are	also	registered	as	both	a	motor	vehicle	manufacturer	and	dealer	in	Canada,	Australia,	and	Japan,	and	have	obtained	licenses	to	sell
vehicles	in	other	places	such	as	Hong	Kong	and	Singapore.	Furthermore,	while	we	have	performed	an	analysis	of	the	principal	laws	in	the	European
Union	relating	to	our	distribution	model	and	believe	we	comply	with	such	laws,	we	have	not	performed	a	complete	analysis	in	all	foreign	jurisdictions	in
which	we	may	sell	vehicles.	Accordingly,	there	may	be	laws	in	jurisdictions	we	have	not	yet	entered	or	laws	we	are	unaware	of	in	jurisdictions	we	have
entered	that	may	restrict	our	vehicle	reservation	practices	or	other	business	practices.	Even	for	those	jurisdictions	we	have	analyzed,	the	laws	in	this
area	can	be	complex,	difficult	to	interpret	and	may	change	over	time.
Regulatory	limitations	on	our	ability	to	sell	vehicles	could	materially	and	adversely	affect	our	ability	to	sell	our	electric	vehicles.
Reservations	for	Model	S	and	Model	X	are	fully	refundable	to	customers,	and	significant	cancellations	could	harm	our	financial
condition,	business,	prospects	and	operating	results.
As	of	December	31,	2012,	we	had	$138.8	million	in	reservation	payments,	primarily	for	Model	S	and	Model	X,	all	of	which	are	subject	to
cancellation	by	the	customer	up	until	such	time	that	the	customer	enters	into	a	purchase	agreement.	We	have	experienced	ongoing	cancellations	for	our
vehicles	and	have	had	to	refund	the	related	reservation	payments,	and	cancellations	may	continue.
Given	the	long	lead	times	that	we	have	historically	experienced	between	customer	reservation	and	delivery	on	the	Tesla	Roadster	and	on	Model	S
and	that	we	expect	to	experience	on	Model	X,	there	is	a	heightened	risk	that	customers	that	have	made	reservations	may	not	ultimately	take	delivery	on
vehicles	due	to	potential	changes	in	customer	preferences,	competitive	developments	and	other	factors.	For	example,	when	we	delayed	the	introduction
of	the	original	Tesla	Roadster	in	the	fall	of	2007,	we	experienced	a	significant	number	of	customers	that	cancelled	their	reservations	and	requested	the
return	of	their	reservation	payment.	Cancellations	on	Model	S	have	recently	increased	as	we	have	asked	numerous	customers	on	the	reservation	list	to
configure	their	cars	for	delivery	or	risk	losing	their	production	slot	and/or	their	2012	pricing.	Some	of	our	customers	are	also	electing	to	defer
configuring	their	cars	or	have	not	responded	to	our	invitations	to	them	to	configure	their	cars	for	delivery.	It	is	possible	that	a	portion	of	these
customers	will	ultimately	cancel	their	reservations,	thereby	resulting	in	higher	cancellation	rates	than	we	have	experienced	thus	far.	Furthermore,	if	we
encounter	additional	delays	in	the	planned	ramp	of	Model	S	production	or	the	introduction	of	Model	X,	we	believe	that	a	significant	number	of	our
customers	could	similarly	cancel	their	reservations	and	demand	refunds	of	their	reservation	payments.	As	a	result,	no	assurance	can	be	made	that
reservations	will	not	be	cancelled	and	will	ultimately	result	in	the	final	purchase,	delivery,	and	sale	of	the	vehicle.	Given	the	high	level	of	reservations,
significant	cancellations	could	harm	our	financial	condition,	business,	prospects	and	operating	results.
We	may	not	realize	the	benefits	of	our	Supercharger	network	which	could	harm	our	business,	brand	and	operating	results.
We	only	recently	announced	plans	for	the	initial	deployment	in	the	United	States	and	Canada	of	the	Tesla	Supercharger	network,	a	network	of
charging	stations	designed	to	provide	fast-charge	capability	to	owners	of	Model	S	vehicles	equipped	with	Supercharger	hardware.	We	intend	to	expand
the	Tesla	Supercharger	network	throughout	the	U.S.,	Canada	and	Europe,	but	we	may	be	unable	to	do	so	due	to	a	number	of	factors,	including	the
	
36Table	of	Contents
inability	to	secure,	or	delays	in	securing,	suitable	locations	and	permits,	difficulties	in	interfacing	with	the	infrastructures	of	various	utility	companies
and	greater	than	expected	costs	and	difficulties	of	installing,	maintaining	and	operating	the	network.	We	may	also	be	unable	to	expand	the
Supercharger	network	as	fast	as	we	intend	or	as	the	public	expects,	or	to	place	the	charging	stations	in	places	our	customers	believe	to	be	optimal.	In
addition,	as	we	have	announced	that	we	will	not	be	charging	our	customers	to	access	this	network,	any	significant	unexpected	costs	that	we	encounter
may	harm	our	operating	results.	Although	our	Supercharger	network	is	intended	to	address	customer	concerns	regarding	long-distance	travel,	this
network	may	not	result	in	increased	reservations	or	sales	of	Model	S	or	future	vehicles.	If	our	Supercharger	network	is	not	expanded	as	currently
planned	or	as	fast	as	planned,	we	may	not	realize	the	benefits	of	our	Supercharger	network	and	our	business	and	operating	results	could	be	materially
affected.
If	we	are	unable	to	design,	develop,	market	and	sell	new	electric	vehicles	and	services	that	address	additional	market	opportunities,
our	business,	prospects	and	operating	results	will	suffer.
We	may	not	be	able	to	successfully	develop	new	electric	vehicles	and	services,	address	new	market	segments	or	develop	a	significantly	broader
customer	base.	To	date,	we	have	focused	our	business	on	the	sale	of	high-performance	electric	vehicles	and	have	targeted	relatively	affluent	consumers.
We	will	need	to	address	additional	markets	and	expand	our	customer	demographic	in	order	to	further	grow	our	business.	In	particular,	we	intend	Model
S	to	appeal	to	the	customers	of	premium	vehicles,	which	is	a	much	larger	and	different	demographic	from	that	of	the	Tesla	Roadster.	Successfully
offering	a	vehicle	in	this	vehicle	class	requires	delivering	a	vehicle	with	a	higher	standard	of	fit	and	finish	in	the	interior	and	exterior	than	currently
exists	in	the	Tesla	Roadster,	at	a	price	that	is	competitive	with	other	premium	vehicles.	Therefore,	there	can	be	no	assurance	that	we	will	be	able	to
deliver	a	vehicle	that	is	ultimately	competitive	in	the	premium	vehicle	market.	In	2012,	we	publicly	revealed	an	early	prototype	of	the	Model	X	crossover
as	the	first	vehicle	we	intend	to	develop	by	leveraging	the	Model	S	platform.	We	have	also	previously	announced	our	intent	to	develop	a	third
generation	electric	vehicle	which	we	expect	to	produce	at	the	Tesla	Factory	after	the	introduction	of	Model	S	and	Model	X.	However,	we	have	not	yet
finalized	the	design,	engineering	or	component	sourcing	plans	for	these	vehicles	and	there	are	no	assurances	that	we	will	be	able	to	bring	these
vehicles	to	market	at	the	price	points	and	in	the	volumes	as	we	currently	intend,	if	at	all.	Our	failure	to	address	additional	market	opportunities	would
harm	our	business,	prospects,	financial	condition	and	operating	results.
If	we	are	unable	to	effectively	leverage	the	benefits	of	using	an	adaptable	common	platform	architecture	in	the	design	and
manufacture	of	future	vehicles	such	as	Model	X,	our	business	prospects,	operating	results	and	financial	condition	would	be	adversely
affected.
We	have	designed	Model	S	with	an	adaptable	platform	architecture	and	common	electric	powertrain	so	that	we	can	use	the	platform	of	Model	S
to	create	future	electric	vehicles,	including,	as	an	example,	our	Model	X	crossover	vehicle.	However,	we	have	no	experience	with	using	common
platforms	in	the	design	and	manufacture	of	our	vehicles.	The	Model	X	design	is	not	yet	finalized	and	we	may	be	unable	to	use	the	adaptable	Model	S
platform	to	the	extent	we	currently	intend.	Additionally,	we	intend	to	use	some	of	our	Model	S	manufacturing	equipment	and	parts	tooling	for	the
production	of	Model	X.	If	such	tooling,	production	equipment	and	parts	are	insufficient	for	use	in	Model	X,	perhaps	as	a	result	of	a	lower	level	of
commonality	between	the	two	vehicles	than	we	anticipate,	our	costs	related	to	the	production	of	Model	X	may	exceed	expectations.	There	are	no
assurances	that	we	will	be	able	to	use	the	Model	S	platform	to	bring	future	vehicle	models,	including	the	Model	X	crossover,	to	market	faster	or	more
inexpensively	by	leveraging	use	of	this	common	platform	or	that	there	will	be	sufficient	customer	demand	for	any	vehicles	built	on	the	Model	S
platform.
We	may	experience	significant	delays	in	the	design,	manufacture	and	launch	of	Model	X	which	could	harm	our	business	and	prospects.
We	plan	to	start	Model	X	production	in	late	2014.	Any	significant	delay	in	the	design,	manufacture	and	launch	of	Model	X	could	materially
damage	our	brand,	business,	prospects,	financial	condition	and	operating
	
37Table	of	Contents
results.	Automobile	manufacturers	often	experience	delays	in	the	design,	manufacture	and	commercial	release	of	new	vehicle	models.	We	experienced
significant	delays	in	launching	the	Tesla	Roadster,	which	resulted	in	additional	costs	and	adverse	publicity	for	our	business.	In	2012,	we	also
experienced	delays	in	the	ramp	of	Model	S.	We	may	experience	similar	delays,	cost	overruns	and	adverse	publicity	in	launching	Model	X,	any	of	which
could	be	significant.	We	are	in	the	initial	design	and	development	stages	of	Model	X.	Furthermore,	we	have	not	yet	evaluated,	qualified	or	selected	all	of
our	suppliers	for	the	planned	production	of	Model	X.	We	may	not	be	able	to	engage	suppliers	for	the	components	in	a	timely	manner,	at	an	acceptable
price	or	in	the	necessary	quantities.	We	will	also	need	to	do	extensive	testing	to	ensure	that	Model	X	is	in	compliance	with	applicable	NHTSA	safety
regulations	and	obtain	EPA	and	CARB	certification	to	emission	regulations	prior	to	beginning	volume	production	and	delivery	of	the	vehicles.	In
addition,	we	have	limited	resources	and,	to	the	extent	that	such	engineering	and	manufacturing	resources	are	devoted	to	the	design	and	production	of
Model	S	or	are	otherwise	engaged	such	as	in	development	services	activities,	we	may	have	difficulty	designing	and	delivering	Model	X	in	a	timely
manner.	If	we	are	not	able	to	manufacture	and	deliver	Model	X	in	a	timely	manner	and	consistent	with	our	production	timeline,	budget	and	cost
projections,	our	business,	prospects,	operating	results	and	financial	condition	will	be	negatively	impacted	and	our	ability	to	grow	our	business	will	be
harmed.
The	automotive	market	is	highly	competitive,	and	we	may	not	be	successful	in	competing	in	this	industry.	We	currently	face
competition	from	new	and	established	competitors	and	expect	to	face	competition	from	others	in	the	future.
The	worldwide	automotive	market,	particularly	for	alternative	fuel	vehicles,	is	highly	competitive	today	and	we	expect	it	will	become	even	more	so
in	the	future.	Other	automobile	manufacturers	entered	the	electric	vehicle	market	at	the	end	of	2010	and	we	expect	additional	competitors	to	enter	this
market.	With	respect	to	Model	S,	we	face	competition	from	existing	and	future	automobile	manufacturers	in	the	extremely	competitive	premium	sedan
market,	including	Audi,	BMW,	Lexus	and	Mercedes.
Many	established	and	new	automobile	manufacturers	have	entered	or	have	announced	plans	to	enter	the	alternative	fuel	vehicle	market.	In	Japan,
Mitsubishi	has	been	selling	its	electric	iMiEV	since	April	2010.	In	December	2010,	Nissan	introduced	in	the	United	States	the	Nissan	Leaf,	a	fully
electric	vehicle	and	Ford	introduced	the	pure	electric	Ford	Focus	and	plug-in	hybrid	Ford	C-Max	Energi	and	Ford	Fusion	Energi	in	2012	and	plans	to
introduce	a	plug-in	hybrid	Ford	CMax	in	2012.	In	addition,	several	manufacturers,	including	General	Motors,	Toyota,	Ford,	and	Honda,	are	each	selling
hybrid	vehicles,	and	certain	of	these	manufacturers	have	announced	plug-in	versions	of	their	hybrid	vehicles.	For	example,	in	December	2010,	General
Motors	introduced	the	Chevrolet	Volt,	which	is	a	plug-in	hybrid	vehicle	that	operates	purely	on	electric	power	for	a	limited	number	of	miles,	at	which
time	an	internal	combustion	engine	engages	to	recharge	the	battery	pack.
Moreover,	it	has	been	reported	that	many	of	the	large	OEMs	such	as	BMW,	Daimler,	Lexus,	Audi,	Renault	and	Volkswagen	are	also	developing
electric	vehicles.	Several	new	start-ups	have	also	entered	or	announced	plans	to	enter	the	market	for	performance	electric	vehicles.	Finally,	electric
vehicles	have	already	been	brought	to	market	in	China	and	other	foreign	countries	and	we	expect	a	number	of	those	manufacturers	to	enter	the	United
States	market	as	well.
Most	of	our	current	and	potential	competitors	have	significantly	greater	financial,	technical,	manufacturing,	marketing	and	other	resources	than
we	do	and	may	be	able	to	devote	greater	resources	to	the	design,	development,	manufacturing,	distribution,	promotion,	sale	and	support	of	their
products.	Virtually	all	of	our	competitors	have	more	extensive	customer	bases	and	broader	customer	and	industry	relationships	than	we	do.	In	addition,
almost	all	of	these	companies	have	longer	operating	histories	and	greater	name	recognition	than	we	do.	Our	competitors	may	be	in	a	stronger	position
to	respond	quickly	to	new	technologies	and	may	be	able	to	design,	develop,	market	and	sell	their	products	more	effectively.
Furthermore,	certain	large	automobile	manufacturers	offer	financing	and	leasing	options	on	their	vehicles	and	also	have	the	ability	to	market
vehicles	at	a	substantial	discount,	provided	that	the	vehicles	are	financed	through	their	affiliated	financing	company.	While	we	have	entered	into	a
preliminary	agreement	with	Athlon	Car
	
38Table	of	Contents
Lease	for	the	leasing	of	Model	S	in	selected	European	and	Nordic	countries,	we	do	not	currently	offer	any	lease	financing	on	Model	S,	which	may	put	us
at	a	competitive	disadvantage	compared	to	large	automobile	manufacturers.
We	have	not	in	the	past,	and	do	not	currently,	offer	customary	discounts	on	our	vehicles.	Additionally,	the	lack	of	lease	financing	and	the	absence
of	customary	vehicle	discounts	could	put	us	at	a	competitive	disadvantage.
We	expect	competition	in	our	industry	to	intensify	in	the	future	in	light	of	increased	demand	for	alternative	fuel	vehicles,	continuing	globalization
and	consolidation	in	the	worldwide	automotive	industry.	Factors	affecting	competition	include	product	quality	and	features,	innovation	and	development
time,	pricing,	reliability,	safety,	fuel	economy,	customer	service	and	financing	terms.	Increased	competition	may	lead	to	lower	vehicle	unit	sales	and
increased	inventory,	which	may	result	in	a	further	downward	price	pressure	and	adversely	affect	our	business,	financial	condition,	operating	results	and
prospects.	Our	ability	to	successfully	compete	in	our	industry	will	be	fundamental	to	our	future	success	in	existing	and	new	markets	and	our	market
share.	There	can	be	no	assurances	that	we	will	be	able	to	compete	successfully	in	our	markets.	If	our	competitors	introduce	new	cars	or	services	that
compete	with	or	surpass	the	quality,	price	or	performance	of	our	cars	or	services,	we	may	be	unable	to	satisfy	existing	customers	or	attract	new
customers	at	the	prices	and	levels	that	would	allow	us	to	generate	attractive	rates	of	return	on	our	investment.	Increased	competition	could	result	in
price	reductions	and	revenue	shortfalls,	loss	of	customers	and	loss	of	market	share,	which	could	harm	our	business,	prospects,	financial	condition	and
operating	results.
Demand	in	the	automobile	industry	is	highly	volatile,	which	may	lead	to	lower	vehicle	unit	sales	and	adversely	affect	our	operating
results.
Volatility	of	demand	in	the	automobile	industry	may	materially	and	adversely	affect	our	business,	prospects,	operating	results	and	financial
condition.	The	markets	in	which	we	currently	compete	and	plan	to	compete	in	the	future	have	been	subject	to	considerable	volatility	in	demand	in
recent	periods.	For	example,	according	to	automotive	industry	sources,	sales	of	passenger	vehicles	in	North	America	during	the	fourth	quarter	of	2008
were	over	30%	lower	than	those	during	the	same	period	in	the	prior	year.	Demand	for	automobile	sales	depends	to	a	large	extent	on	general,	economic,
political	and	social	conditions	in	a	given	market	and	the	introduction	of	new	vehicles	and	technologies.	As	a	new	automobile	manufacturer	and	low
volume	producer,	we	have	less	financial	resources	than	more	established	automobile	manufacturers	to	withstand	changes	in	the	market	and	disruptions
in	demand.	As	our	business	grows,	economic	conditions	and	trends	in	other	countries	and	regions	where	we	sell	our	electric	vehicles	will	impact	our
business,	prospects	and	operating	results	as	well.	Demand	for	our	electric	vehicles	may	also	be	affected	by	factors	directly	impacting	automobile	price
or	the	cost	of	purchasing	and	operating	automobiles	such	as	sales	and	financing	incentives,	prices	of	raw	materials	and	parts	and	components,	cost	of
fuel	and	governmental	regulations,	including	tariffs,	import	regulation	and	other	taxes.	Volatility	in	demand	may	lead	to	lower	vehicle	unit	sales	and
increased	inventory,	which	may	result	in	further	downward	price	pressure	and	adversely	affect	our	business,	prospects,	financial	condition	and
operating	results.	These	effects	may	have	a	more	pronounced	impact	on	our	business	given	our	relatively	smaller	scale	and	financial	resources	as
compared	to	many	incumbent	automobile	manufacturers.
Difficult	economic	conditions	may	negatively	affect	consumer	purchases	of	luxury	items,	such	as	our	performance	electric	vehicles.
Over	the	last	few	years,	the	deterioration	in	the	global	financial	markets	and	continued	challenging	condition	of	the	macroeconomic	environment
has	negatively	impacted	consumer	spending	and	we	believe	has	adversely	affected	the	sales	of	our	Tesla	Roadster.	The	automobile	industry	in
particular	was	severely	impacted	by	the	poor	economic	conditions	and	several	vehicle	manufacturing	companies,	including	General	Motors	and
Chrysler,	were	forced	to	file	for	bankruptcy.	Sales	of	new	automobiles	generally	have	dropped	during	this	recessionary	period.	Sales	of	high-end	and
luxury	consumer	products,	such	as	our	performance	electric	vehicles,	depend	in	part	on	discretionary	consumer	spending	and	are	even	more	exposed	to
adverse	changes	in	general
	
39Table	of	Contents
economic	conditions.	Difficult	economic	conditions	could	therefore	temporarily	reduce	the	market	for	vehicles	in	our	price	range.	Discretionary
consumer	spending	also	is	affected	by	other	factors,	including	changes	in	tax	rates	and	tax	credits,	interest	rates	and	the	availability	and	terms	of
consumer	credit.
If	the	current	difficult	economic	conditions	continue	or	worsen,	we	may	experience	a	decline	in	the	demand	for	reservations	for	Model	S	or	future
vehicles	such	as	Model	X,	any	of	which	could	materially	harm	our	business,	prospects,	financial	condition	and	operating	results.	Accordingly,	any	events
that	have	a	negative	effect	on	the	United	States	economy	or	on	foreign	economies	or	that	negatively	affect	consumer	confidence	in	the	economy,
including	disruptions	in	credit	and	stock	markets,	and	actual	or	perceived	economic	slowdowns,	may	harm	our	business,	prospects,	financial	condition
and	operating	results.	We	plan	to	grow	our	sales	in	Europe	and	Asia	in	2013	and	beyond.	If	there	is	a	significant	slowdown	and	continued	downturn	in
the	European	economy,	our	prospects	of	growth	in	Europe	could	be	severally	constrained.
Our	financial	results	may	vary	significantly	from	period-to-period	due	to	the	seasonality	of	our	business	and	fluctuations	in	our
operating	costs.
Our	operating	results	may	vary	significantly	from	period-to-period	due	to	many	factors,	including	seasonal	factors	that	may	have	an	effect	on	the
demand	for	our	electric	vehicles.	Demand	for	new	cars	in	the	automobile	industry	in	general,	typically	decline	over	the	winter	season,	while	sales	are
generally	higher	during	the	spring	and	summer	months.	Sales	of	the	Tesla	Roadster	have	fluctuated	on	a	seasonal	basis	with	increased	sales	during	the
spring	and	summer	months	in	our	second	and	third	fiscal	quarters	relative	to	our	fourth	and	first	fiscal	quarters.	We	note	that,	in	general,	automotive
sales	tend	to	decline	over	the	winter	season	and	we	anticipate	that	our	sales	of	Model	S,	Model	X	and	other	models	we	introduce	may	have	similar
seasonality.	However,	our	limited	operating	history	makes	it	difficult	for	us	to	judge	the	exact	nature	or	extent	of	the	seasonality	of	our	business.	Also,
any	unusually	severe	weather	conditions	in	some	markets	may	impact	demand	for	our	vehicles.	Our	operating	results	could	also	suffer	if	we	do	not
achieve	revenue	consistent	with	our	expectations	for	this	seasonal	demand	because	many	of	our	expenses	are	based	on	anticipated	levels	of	annual
revenue.
In	addition,	we	expect	our	period-to-period	operating	results	to	vary	based	on	our	operating	costs	which	we	anticipate	will	increase	significantly
in	future	periods	as	we,	among	other	things,	design,	develop	and	manufacture	Model	X	and	electric	powertrain	components,	increase	the	production
capacity	at	our	manufacturing	facilities	to	produce	Model	S	and	electric	powertrain	components,	open	new	Tesla	service	centers	with	maintenance	and
repair	capabilities,	incur	costs	for	warranty	repairs	or	product	recalls,	if	any,	increase	our	sales	and	marketing	activities,	and	increase	our	general	and
administrative	functions	to	support	our	growing	operations.	As	a	result	of	these	factors,	we	believe	that	quarter-to-quarter	comparisons	of	our	operating
results,	especially	in	the	short-term,	are	not	necessarily	meaningful	and	that	these	comparisons	cannot	be	relied	upon	as	indicators	of	future
performance.	Moreover,	our	operating	results	may	not	meet	expectations	of	equity	research	analysts	or	investors.	If	any	of	this	occurs,	the	trading	price
of	our	common	stock	could	fall	substantially,	either	suddenly	or	over	time.
If	we	are	unable	to	establish	and	maintain	confidence	in	our	long-term	business	prospects	among	consumers,	analysts	and	within	our
industry,	then	our	financial	condition,	operating	results,	business	prospects	and	stock	price	may	suffer	materially.
Our	vehicles	are	highly	technical	products	that	require	maintenance	and	support.	If	we	were	to	cease	or	cut	back	operations,	even	years	from
now,	buyers	of	our	vehicles	from	years	earlier	might	have	much	more	difficulty	in	maintaining	their	vehicles	and	obtaining	satisfactory	support.	As	a
result,	consumers	may	be	less	likely	to	purchase	our	vehicles	now	if	they	are	not	convinced	that	our	business	will	succeed	or	that	our	operations	will
continue	for	many	years.	Similarly,	suppliers	and	other	third	parties	will	be	less	likely	to	invest	time	and	resources	in	developing	business	relationships
with	us	if	they	are	not	convinced	that	our	business	will	succeed.	For	example,	during	the	economic	downturn	of	2008,	we	had	difficulty	raising	the
necessary	funding	for	our	operations,	and,	as	a	result,	in	the	fourth	quarter	of	2008	we	had	to	lay	off	approximately	60	employees	and	curtail	our
expansion	plans.	In	addition,	during	this	period	a	number	of	customers	canceled	their	previously
	
40Table	of	Contents
placed	reservations.	If	we	are	required	to	take	similar	actions	in	the	future,	such	actions	may	result	in	negative	perceptions	regarding	our	long-term
business	prospects	and	may	lead	to	cancellations	of	Model	S	or	Model	X	reservations.
Accordingly,	in	order	to	build	and	maintain	our	business,	we	must	maintain	confidence	among	customers,	suppliers,	analysts	and	other	parties	in
our	liquidity	and	long-term	business	prospects.	In	contrast	to	some	more	established	automakers,	we	believe	that,	in	our	case,	the	task	of	maintaining
such	confidence	may	be	particularly	complicated	by	factors	such	as	the	following:
	
	
	
our	limited	operating	history;
	
	
	
our	limited	revenues	and	lack	of	profitability	to	date;
	
	
	
unfamiliarity	with	or	uncertainty	about	Model	S	and	Model	X;
	
	
	
uncertainty	about	the	long-term	marketplace	acceptance	of	alternative	fuel	vehicles	generally,	or	electric	vehicles	specifically;
	
	
	
the	prospect	that	we	will	need	ongoing	infusions	of	external	capital	to	fund	our	planned	operations;
	
	
	
the	size	of	our	expansion	plans	in	comparison	to	our	existing	capital	base	and	scope	and	history	of	operations;	and
	
	
	
the	prospect	or	actual	emergence	of	direct,	sustained	competitive	pressure	from	more	established	automakers,	which	may	be	more	likely	if
our	initial	efforts	are	perceived	to	be	commercially	successful.
Many	of	these	factors	are	largely	outside	our	control,	and	any	negative	perceptions	about	our	long-term	business	prospects,	even	if	exaggerated
or	unfounded,	would	likely	harm	our	business	and	make	it	more	difficult	to	raise	additional	funds	when	needed.
We	may	need	or	want	to	raise	additional	funds	and	these	funds	may	not	be	available	to	us	when	we	need	them.	If	we	cannot	raise
additional	funds	when	we	need	or	want	them,	our	operations	and	prospects	could	be	negatively	affected.
The	design,	manufacture,	sale	and	servicing	of	automobiles	is	a	capital	intensive	business.	As	of	December	31,	2012,	we	had	approximately
$226.1	million	in	principal	sources	of	liquidity	from	our	cash	and	cash	equivalents	and	restricted	cash.	This	includes	our	cash	and	cash	equivalents	in
the	amount	of	approximately	$201.9	million	which	includes	our	investments	in	money	market	funds,	as	well	as	restricted	cash	of	$24.3	million.
We	expect	that	our	principal	sources	of	liquidity	will	provide	us	adequate	liquidity	until	we	reach	expected	profitability	in	2013,	based	on	our
current	plans.	However,	if	the	costs	for	developing	and	manufacturing	Model	S	variants	or	Model	X	exceed	our	expectations	or	if	we	incur	any
significant	unplanned	expenses	or	embark	on	or	accelerate	new	significant	strategic	investments,	we	may	need	to	raise	additional	funds	through	the
issuance	of	equity,	equity-related	or	debt	securities	or	through	obtaining	credit	from	government	or	financial	institutions.	This	capital	will	be	necessary
to	fund	our	ongoing	operations,	continue	research	and	development	projects,	including	those	for	our	planned	Model	X	crossover,	establish	sales	and
service	centers	and	to	make	the	investments	in	tooling	and	manufacturing	capital	required	to	introduce	Model	X.	We	cannot	be	certain	that	additional
funds	will	be	available	to	us	on	favorable	terms	when	required,	or	at	all.	If	we	cannot	raise	additional	funds	when	we	need	them,	our	financial	condition,
results	of	operations,	business	and	prospects	could	be	materially	adversely	affected.	Additionally,	under	our	DOE	Loan	Facility,	we	face	restrictions	on
our	ability	to	incur	additional	indebtedness,	and	in	the	future	may	need	to	obtain	a	waiver	from	the	DOE	in	order	to	do	so.	We	may	not	be	able	to	obtain
such	waiver	from	the	DOE	which	may	harm	our	business.	Future	issuance	of	equity	or	equity-related	securities	will	dilute	the	ownership	interest	of
existing	stockholders	and	our	issuance	of	debt	securities	could	increase	the	risk	or	perceived	risk	of	our	company.
	
41Table	of	Contents
We	have	relied	on	our	DOE	Loan	Facility	to	develop	and	produce	Model	S	and	develop	the	Tesla	Factory.	We	do	not	currently	have	any	similar
type	of	loan	facility	in	place	for	our	Model	X	or	any	future	vehicles.	In	addition,	we	have	only	recently	begun	to	accept	customer	reservation	payments
on	Model	X,	can	provide	no	assurance	that	customers	will	be	willing	to	make	such	payments	and	accordingly	may	be	reliant	on	other	sources	to	fund	the
development	of	this	vehicle.
We	have	very	limited	experience	servicing	our	vehicles	and	we	are	using	a	different	service	model	from	the	one	typically	used	in	the
industry.	If	we	are	unable	to	address	the	service	requirements	of	our	existing	and	future	customers	our	business	will	be	materially	and
adversely	affected.
If	we	are	unable	to	successfully	address	the	service	requirements	of	our	existing	and	future	customers	and	meet	customer	expectations	regarding
service,	our	business	and	prospects	will	be	materially	and	adversely	affected.	We	have	only	produced	and	delivered	a	limited	number	of	Roadsters	and
Model	S	vehicles.	We	have	very	limited	experience	servicing	our	vehicles,	particularly	our	Model	S	vehicle.	Servicing	electric	vehicles	is	different	than
servicing	vehicles	with	internal	combustion	engines	and	requires	specialized	skills,	including	high	voltage	training	and	servicing	techniques.	If	we	are
unable	to	satisfactorily	service	our	customers	and	the	various	service	related	issues	that	they	are	facing	and	may	face	in	the	future,	our	ability	to
generate	customer	loyalty,	grow	our	business	and	sell	additional	Model	S	vehicles	could	be	impaired.
We	service	our	performance	electric	vehicles	through	our	company-owned	Tesla	service	centers,	certain	of	our	stores,	and	through	our	mobile
service	technicians	known	as	the	Tesla	Rangers.	However,	certain	service	centers	have	been	open	for	short	periods,	and	to	date	we	have	only	limited
experience	servicing	our	performance	vehicles	at	these	locations	We	will	need	to	open	new	standalone	service	centers	and	hire	and	train	significant
numbers	of	new	employees	to	staff	these	service	centers	and	act	as	Tesla	Rangers,	in	order	to	successfully	maintain	our	fleet	of	delivered	performance
electric	vehicles.	We	only	implemented	our	Tesla	Rangers	program	in	October	2009	and	have	limited	experience	in	deploying	them	to	service	our
customers​	vehicles.	There	can	be	no	assurance	that	these	service	arrangements	or	our	limited	experience	servicing	our	vehicles	will	adequately	address
the	service	requirements	of	our	customers	to	their	satisfaction,	or	that	we	will	have	sufficient	resources	to	meet	these	service	requirement	in	a	timely
manner	as	the	volume	of	vehicles	we	are	able	to	deliver	annually	increases.
We	do	not	expect	to	be	able	to	open	Tesla	service	centers	in	all	the	geographic	areas	in	which	our	existing	and	potential	customers	may	reside.	In
order	to	address	the	service	needs	of	customers	that	are	not	in	geographical	proximity	to	our	service	centers,	we	plan	to	either	transport	those	vehicles
to	the	nearest	Tesla	store	or	service	center	for	servicing	or	deploy	our	mobile	Tesla	Rangers	to	service	the	vehicles	at	the	customer​s	location.	These
special	arrangements	may	be	expensive	and	we	may	not	be	able	to	recoup	the	costs	of	providing	these	services	to	our	customers.	In	addition,	a	number
of	potential	customers	may	choose	not	to	purchase	our	vehicles	because	of	the	lack	of	a	more	widespread	service	network.	If	we	do	not	adequately
address	our	customers​	service	needs,	our	brand	and	reputation	will	be	adversely	affected,	which	in	turn,	could	have	a	material	and	adverse	impact	on
our	business,	financial	condition,	operating	results	and	prospects.
Traditional	automobile	manufacturers	in	the	United	States	do	not	provide	maintenance	and	repair	services	directly.	Consumers	must	rather
service	their	vehicles	through	franchised	dealerships	or	through	third	party	maintenance	service	providers.	We	do	not	have	any	such	arrangements	with
third	party	service	providers	and	it	is	unclear	when	or	even	whether	such	third	party	service	providers	will	be	able	to	acquire	the	expertise	to	service
our	vehicles.	At	this	point,	we	anticipate	that	we	will	be	providing	substantially	all	of	the	service	for	our	vehicles	for	the	foreseeable	future.	As	our
vehicles	are	placed	in	more	locations,	we	may	encounter	negative	reactions	from	our	consumers	who	are	frustrated	that	they	cannot	use	local	service
stations	to	the	same	extent	as	they	have	with	their	conventional	automobiles	and	this	frustration	may	result	in	negative	publicity	and	reduced	sales,
thereby	harming	our	business	and	prospects.
	
42Table	of	Contents
In	addition,	the	motor	vehicle	industry	laws	in	many	states	require	that	service	facilities	be	available	with	respect	to	vehicles	physically	sold	from
locations	in	the	state.	Whether	these	laws	would	also	require	that	service	facilities	be	available	with	respect	to	vehicles	sold	over	the	internet	to
consumers	in	a	state	in	which	we	have	no	physical	presence	is	uncertain.	While	we	believe	our	Tesla	Ranger	program	and	our	practice	of	shipping
customers​	vehicles	to	our	nearest	Tesla	store	for	service	would	satisfy	regulators	in	these	circumstances,	without	seeking	formal	regulatory	guidance,
there	are	no	assurances	that	regulators	will	not	attempt	to	require	that	we	provide	physical	service	facilities	in	their	states.	Further,	certain	state
franchise	laws	which	prohibit	manufacturers	from	being	licensed	as	a	dealer	or	acting	in	the	capacity	of	dealer	also	restrict	manufacturers	from
providing	vehicle	service.	If	issues	arise	in	connection	with	these	laws,	certain	aspects	of	Tesla​s	service	program	would	need	to	be	restructured	to
comply	with	state	law,	which	may	harm	our	business.
We	may	not	succeed	in	maintaining	and	strengthening	the	Tesla	brand,	which	would	materially	and	adversely	affect	customer
acceptance	of	our	vehicles	and	components	and	our	business,	revenues	and	prospects.
Our	business	and	prospects	are	heavily	dependent	on	our	ability	to	develop,	maintain	and	strengthen	the	Tesla	brand.	Any	failure	to	develop,
maintain	and	strengthen	our	brand	may	materially	and	adversely	affect	our	ability	to	sell	the	Tesla	Roadster,	Model	S,	Model	X	and	future	planned
electric	vehicles,	and	sell	our	electric	powertrain	components.	If	we	do	not	continue	to	establish,	maintain	and	strengthen	our	brand,	we	may	lose	the
opportunity	to	build	a	critical	mass	of	customers.	Promoting	and	positioning	our	brand	will	likely	depend	significantly	on	our	ability	to	provide	high
quality	electric	cars	and	maintenance	and	repair	services,	and	we	have	very	limited	experience	in	these	areas.	Any	problems	associated	with	the	launch
of	the	Toyota	RAV4	EV	which	uses	a	Tesla	powertrain,	future	Daimler	vehicles	that	use	Tesla	powertrains	or	the	Model	X	may	hurt	the	Tesla	brand.
In	addition,	we	expect	that	our	ability	to	develop,	maintain	and	strengthen	the	Tesla	brand	will	also	depend	heavily	on	the	success	of	our
marketing	efforts.	To	date,	we	have	limited	experience	with	marketing	activities	as	we	have	relied	primarily	on	the	internet,	word	of	mouth	and
attendance	at	industry	trade	shows	to	promote	our	brand.	To	further	promote	our	brand,	we	may	be	required	to	change	our	marketing	practices,	which
could	result	in	substantially	increased	advertising	expenses,	including	the	need	to	use	traditional	media	such	as	television,	radio	and	print.	The
automobile	industry	is	intensely	competitive,	and	we	may	not	be	successful	in	building,	maintaining	and	strengthening	our	brand.	Many	of	our	current
and	potential	competitors,	particularly	automobile	manufacturers	headquartered	in	Detroit,	Japan	and	the	European	Union,	have	greater	name
recognition,	broader	customer	relationships	and	substantially	greater	marketing	resources	than	we	do.	If	we	do	not	develop	and	maintain	a	strong
brand,	our	business,	prospects,	financial	condition	and	operating	results	will	be	materially	and	adversely	impacted.
If	our	vehicle	owners	customize	our	vehicles	or	change	the	charging	infrastructure	with	aftermarket	products,	the	vehicle	may	not
operate	properly,	which	could	harm	our	business.
Automobile	enthusiasts	may	seek	to	​hack​	our	vehicles	to	modify	its	performance	which	could	compromise	vehicle	safety	systems.	Also,	we	are
aware	of	customers	who	have	customized	their	vehicles	with	after-market	parts	that	may	compromise	driver	safety.	For	example,	some	customers	have
installed	seats	that	elevate	the	driver	such	that	airbag	and	other	safety	systems	could	be	compromised.	Other	customers	have	changed	wheels	and	tires,
while	others	have	installed	large	speaker	systems	that	may	impact	the	electrical	systems	of	the	vehicle.	We	have	not	tested,	nor	do	we	endorse,	such
changes	or	products.	In	addition,	customer	use	of	improper	external	cabling	or	unsafe	charging	outlets	can	expose	our	customers	to	injury	from	high
voltage	electricity.	Such	unauthorized	modifications	could	reduce	the	safety	of	our	vehicles	and	any	injuries	resulting	from	such	modifications	could
result	in	adverse	publicity	which	would	negatively	affect	our	brand	and	harm	our	business,	prospects,	financial	condition	and	operating	results.
	
	
43Table	of	Contents
Regulators	could	review	our	practice	of	taking	reservation	payments	and,	if	the	practice	is	deemed	to	violate	applicable	law,	we	could
be	required	to	pay	penalties,	refund	the	reservation	payments	stop	accepting	additional	reservation	payments,	and	restructure	certain
aspects	of	our	reservation	program.
For	customers	interested	in	making	a	reservation	for	Model	S	or	Model	X,	we	require	an	initial	fully	refundable	reservation	payment	of	at	least
$5,000.	As	of	December	31,	2012,	we	had	collected	reservation	payments,	primarily	for	Model	S	and	Model	X,	in	an	aggregate	amount	of	$138.8	million.
We	generally	use	these	funds	for	working	capital	and	other	general	corporate	purposes.	California	laws,	and	potentially	the	laws	of	other	states,	restrict
the	ability	of	licensed	auto	dealers	to	advertise	or	take	deposits	for	vehicles	before	the	vehicles	are	available	to	the	dealer	from	the	manufacturer.	In
November	2007,	we	became	aware	that	the	New	Motor	Vehicle	Board	of	the	California	Department	of	Transportation	has	considered	whether	our
reservation	policies	and	advertising	comply	with	the	California	Vehicle	Code.	To	date,	we	have	not	received	any	communications	on	this	topic	from	the
New	Motor	Vehicle	Board	or	the	Department	of	Motor	Vehicles	(DMV),	which	has	the	power	to	enforce	these	laws.	There	can	be	no	assurance	that	the
DMV	will	not	take	the	position	that	our	vehicle	reservation	or	advertising	practices	violate	the	law.	In	addition,	California	is	currently	the	only
jurisdiction	in	which	we	have	licenses	to	both	manufacture	and	sell	our	vehicles	so	any	limitation	imposed	on	our	operations	in	California	may	be
particularly	damaging	to	our	business.	The	DMV	also	has	the	power	to	suspend	licenses	to	manufacture	and	sell	vehicles	in	California,	following	a
hearing	on	the	merits,	which	it	has	typically	exercised	in	cases	of	significant	or	repeat	violations	and/or	a	refusal	to	comply	with	DMV	directions.
Certain	states	may	have	specific	laws	which	apply	to	reservation	payments	accepted	by	dealers,	or	manufacturers	selling	directly	to	consumers,
or	both.	For	example,	the	state	of	Washington	requires	that	reservation	payments	or	other	payments	received	from	residents	in	the	state	of	Washington
must	be	placed	in	a	segregated	account	until	delivery	of	the	vehicle,	which	account	must	be	unencumbered	by	any	liens	from	creditors	of	the	dealer	and
may	not	be	used	by	the	dealer.	Consequently,	we	established	a	segregated	account	for	reservation	payments	in	the	state	of	Washington	in	January	2010.
There	can	be	no	assurance	that	other	state	or	foreign	jurisdictions	will	not	require	similar	segregation	of	reservation	payments	received	from
customers.	Our	inability	to	access	these	funds	for	working	capital	purposes	could	harm	our	liquidity.	Furthermore,	while	we	have	performed	an	analysis
of	the	principal	laws	in	the	European	Union	relating	to	our	distribution	model	and	believe	we	comply	with	such	laws,	we	have	not	performed	a	complete
analysis	in	all	foreign	jurisdictions	in	which	we	may	sell	vehicles.	Accordingly,	there	may	be	laws	in	jurisdictions	we	have	not	yet	entered	or	laws	we	are
unaware	of	in	jurisdictions	we	have	entered	that	may	restrict	our	vehicle	reservation	practices	or	other	business	practices.	Reductions	in	our	cash	as	a
result	of	redemptions	or	an	inability	to	take	reservation	payments	could	make	it	necessary	to	raise	additional	funds	and	also	make	it	more	difficult	for	us
to	obtain	additional	financing.	The	prospect	of	reductions	in	cash,	even	if	unrealized,	may	also	make	it	more	difficult	to	obtain	financing.
Our	plan	to	expand	our	network	of	Tesla	stores	will	require	significant	cash	investments	and	management	resources	and	may	not	meet
our	expectations	with	respect	to	additional	sales	of	our	electric	vehicles.	In	addition,	we	may	not	be	able	to	open	stores	in	certain
states.
Our	plan	to	expand	our	network	of	Tesla	stores	will	require	significant	cash	investments	and	management	resources	and	may	not	meet	our
expectations	with	respect	to	additional	sales	of	our	electric	vehicles.	This	planned	global	expansion	of	Tesla	stores	may	not	have	the	desired	effect	of
increasing	sales	and	expanding	our	brand	presence	to	the	degree	we	are	anticipating.	Furthermore	there	can	be	no	assurances	that	we	will	be	able	to
construct	additional	storefronts	on	the	budget	or	timeline	we	have	established.	We	will	also	need	to	ensure	we	are	in	compliance	with	any	regulatory
requirements	applicable	to	the	sale	of	our	vehicles	in	those	jurisdictions,	which	could	take	considerable	time	and	expense.	If	we	experience	any	delays
in	expanding	our	network	of	Tesla	stores,	this	could	lead	to	a	decrease	in	sales	of	our	vehicles	and	could	negatively	impact	our	business,	prospects,
financial	condition	and	operating	results.	We	have	opened	Tesla	stores	in	major	metropolitan	areas	throughout	North	America,	Europe	and	Asia.	We
plan	to	open	additional	stores,	with	a	goal	of	establishing	approximately	50	stores	globally	within	the	next	several	years	in	connection	with	the	Model	S
rollout.	However,	we	may	not	be	able	to	expand	our	network	at	such	rate	and	our	planned	expansion	of	our	network	of	Tesla	stores	will	require
significant	cash	investment	and	management	resources,	as	well	as	efficiency	in	the	execution	of	establishing	these	storefronts	and	in	hiring	and	training
the	necessary	employees	to	effectively	sell	our	vehicles.
	
44Table	of	Contents
Furthermore,	certain	states	and	foreign	jurisdictions	may	have	permit	requirements,	franchise	dealer	laws	or	similar	laws	or	regulations	that	may
preclude	or	restrict	our	ability	to	open	stores	or	sell	vehicles	out	of	such	states	and	jurisdictions.	Any	such	prohibition	or	restriction	may	lead	to
decreased	sales	in	such	jurisdictions,	which	could	harm	our	business,	prospects	and	operating	results.	See	Risk	Factor	​
We	may	face	regulatory
limitations	on	our	ability	to	sell	vehicles	directly	or	over	the	internet	which	could	materially	and	adversely	affect	our	ability	to	sell	our	electric	vehicles.​
We	face	risks	associated	with	our	international	operations,	including	unfavorable	regulatory,	political,	tax	and	labor	conditions,	which
could	harm	our	business.
We	face	risks	associated	with	our	international	operations,	including	possible	unfavorable	regulatory,	political,	tax	and	labor	conditions,	which
could	harm	our	business.	We	currently	have	international	operations	and	subsidiaries	in	various	countries	and	jurisdictions	that	are	subject	to	the	legal,
political,	regulatory	and	social	requirements	and	economic	conditions	in	these	jurisdictions.	Additionally,	as	part	of	our	growth	strategy,	we	intend	to
expand	our	sales,	maintenance	and	repair	services	internationally.	However,	we	have	limited	experience	to	date	selling	and	servicing	our	vehicles
internationally	and	such	expansion	would	require	us	to	make	significant	expenditures,	including	the	hiring	of	local	employees	and	establishing	facilities,
in	advance	of	generating	any	revenue.	We	are	subject	to	a	number	of	risks	associated	with	international	business	activities	that	may	increase	our	costs,
impact	our	ability	to	sell	our	electric	vehicles	and	require	significant	management	attention.	These	risks	include:
	
	
	
conforming	our	vehicles	to	various	international	regulatory	and	safety	requirements	where	our	vehicles	are	sold,	or	homologation;
	
	
	
difficulty	in	staffing	and	managing	foreign	operations;
	
	
	
	
difficulties	attracting	customers	in	new	jurisdictions;
	
	
	
foreign	government	taxes,	regulations	and	permit	requirements,	including	foreign	taxes	that	we	may	not	be	able	to	offset	against	taxes
imposed	upon	us	in	the	United	States,	and	foreign	tax	and	other	laws	limiting	our	ability	to	repatriate	funds	to	the	United	States;
	
	
	
fluctuations	in	foreign	currency	exchange	rates	and	interest	rates,	including	risks	related	to	any	interest	rate	swap	or	other	hedging
activities	we	undertake;
	
	
	
our	ability	to	enforce	our	contractual	and	intellectual	property	rights,	especially	in	those	foreign	countries	that	do	not	respect	and	protect
intellectual	property	rights	to	the	same	extent	as	do	the	United	States,	Japan	and	European	countries,	which	increases	the	risk	of
unauthorized,	and	uncompensated,	use	of	our	technology;
	
	
	
United	States	and	foreign	government	trade	restrictions,	tariffs	and	price	or	exchange	controls;
	
	
	
foreign	labor	laws,	regulations	and	restrictions;
	
	
	
preferences	of	foreign	nations	for	domestically	produced	vehicles;
	
	
	
changes	in	diplomatic	and	trade	relationships;
	
	
	
political	instability,	natural	disasters,	war	or	events	of	terrorism;	and
	
	
	
the	strength	of	international	economies.
If	we	fail	to	successfully	address	these	risks,	our	business,	prospects,	operating	results	and	financial	condition	could	be	materially	harmed.
	
45Table	of	Contents
Foreign	currency	movements	relative	to	the	U.S.	dollar	could	harm	our	financial	results.
Our	revenues	and	costs	denominated	in	foreign	currencies	are	not	completely	matched.	For	example,	a	portion	of	our	costs	and	expenses	for	the
year	ended	December	31,	2012	was	denominated	in	foreign	currencies,	including	the	Japanese	yen,	the	euro	and	the	British	pound	Conversely	for	this
period	and	for	the	remainder	of	2012,	and	until	such	time	as	we	begin	shipping	significant	quantities	of	Model	S	vehicles	to	foreign	jurisdictions,	we
expect	that	a	significant	majority	of	our	revenue	will	be	denominated	in	U.S.	dollars.	Accordingly,	if	the	value	of	the	U.S.	dollar	depreciates	significantly
against	these	currencies,	our	costs	as	measured	in	U.S.	dollars	as	a	percent	of	our	revenues	will	correspondingly	increase	and	our	margins	will	suffer.
As	a	result,	our	operating	results	could	be	adversely	affected.	In	the	future,	and	as	we	begin	selling	Model	S	overseas,	as	well	as	delivering	powertrain
units	to	Daimler,	we	may	have	greater	revenues	than	costs	denominated	in	other	currencies,	in	which	case	a	strengthening	of	the	dollar	would	tend	to
reduce	our	revenues	as	measured	in	U.S.	dollars.
Developments	in	alternative	technologies	or	improvements	in	the	internal	combustion	engine	may	materially	adversely	affect	the
demand	for	our	electric	vehicles.
Significant	developments	in	alternative	technologies,	such	as	advanced	diesel,	ethanol,	fuel	cells	or	compressed	natural	gas,	or	improvements	in
the	fuel	economy	of	the	internal	combustion	engine,	may	materially	and	adversely	affect	our	business	and	prospects	in	ways	we	do	not	currently
anticipate.	Any	failure	by	us	to	develop	new	or	enhanced	technologies	or	processes,	or	to	react	to	changes	in	existing	technologies,	could	materially
delay	our	development	and	introduction	of	new	and	enhanced	electric	vehicles,	which	could	result	in	the	loss	of	competitiveness	of	our	vehicles,
decreased	revenue	and	a	loss	of	market	share	to	competitors.
The	unavailability,	reduction	or	elimination	of	government	and	economic	incentives	could	have	a	material	adverse	effect	on	our
business,	financial	condition,	operating	results	and	prospects.
Any	reduction,	elimination	or	discriminatory	application	of	government	subsidies	and	economic	incentives	because	of	policy	changes,	the	reduced
need	for	such	subsidies	and	incentives	due	to	the	perceived	success	of	the	electric	vehicle,	fiscal	tightening	or	other	reasons	may	result	in	the
diminished	competitiveness	of	the	alternative	fuel	vehicle	industry	generally	or	our	electric	vehicles	in	particular.	This	could	materially	and	adversely
affect	the	growth	of	the	alternative	fuel	automobile	markets	and	our	business,	prospects,	financial	condition	and	operating	results.
Our	growth	depends	in	part	on	the	availability	and	amounts	of	government	subsidies	and	economic	incentives	for	alternative	fuel	vehicles
generally	and	performance	electric	vehicles	specifically.	For	example,	we	currently	benefit	from	exemptions	from	California	state	sales	and	use	taxes	for
purchases	of	up	to	$612	million	of	manufacturing	equipment	from	our	arrangements	with	the	California	Alternative	Energy	and	Advanced
Transportation	Financing	Authority.	To	the	extent	all	of	this	equipment	is	purchased	and	would	otherwise	be	subject	to	California	state	sales	and	use
tax,	we	believe	this	incentive	would	result	in	tax	savings	by	us	through	January	2015.	This	exemption	is	only	available	for	equipment	that	would
otherwise	be	subject	to	California	sales	and	use	taxes	and	that	would	be	used	only	for	specified	purposes.	If	we	fail	to	meet	these	conditions,	we	would
be	unable	to	take	full	advantage	of	this	tax	incentive	and	our	financial	position	could	be	harmed.
In	addition,	certain	regulations	and	laws	that	encourage	sales	of	electric	cars	through	tax	credits	or	other	subsidies	could	be	reduced,	eliminated
or	applied	in	a	way	that	creates	an	adverse	effect	against	our	vehicles,	either	currently	or	at	any	time	in	the	future.	For	example,	while	the	federal	and
state	governments	have	from	time	to	time	enacted	tax	credits	and	other	incentives	for	the	purchase	of	alternative	fuel	cars,	funding	for	these	programs
is	limited	and	there	is	no	guarantee	that	our	vehicles	will	be	eligible	for	tax	credits	or	other	incentives	provided	to	alternative	fuel	vehicles	in	the	future.
This	would	put	our	vehicles	at	a	competitive	disadvantage.	As	an	example	at	the	state	level,	California	renewed	the	Clean	Vehicle	Rebate	Program	for
2012	​	a	rebate	program	for	the	purchase	of	qualified	alternative	technology	vehicles.	California	reduced	the	rebate	amount	from	$5,000	per	vehicle	to
$2,500	per	vehicle	due	to	fewer	funds	available	and	increased	demand,	but	such	funds	may	run	out.
	
46Table	of	Contents
Subsequent	purchasers	could	face	a	delay	in	receiving	rebates	since	they	would	have	to	wait	until	the	next	fiscal	year​s	funding	became	available	or	be
unable	to	obtain	a	rebate	at	all.	As	an	additional	example,	there	is	considerable	discussion	at	the	federal	level	over	tax	reform.	Discussions	have
included	reducing	or	even	eliminating	the	current	$7,500	tax	credit	available	to	purchasers	of	qualified	alternative	fuel	vehicles,	including	Model	S.
Also,	government	disincentives	have	been	enacted	in	Europe	for	gas-powered	vehicles,	which	discourage	the	use	of	such	vehicles	and	allow	us	to	set	a
higher	sales	price	for	the	Tesla	Roadster	in	Europe.	In	the	event	that	such	disincentives	are	reduced	or	eliminated,	sales	of	electric	vehicles,	including
our	Tesla	Roadster	and	Model	S,	could	be	adversely	affected.	Furthermore,	low	volume	manufacturers	are	exempt	from	certain	regulatory	requirements
in	the	United	States	and	the	European	Union.	This	provides	us	with	an	advantage	over	high	volume	manufacturers	that	must	comply	with	such
regulations.	Once	we	reach	a	certain	threshold	number	of	sales	in	each	of	the	United	States	and	the	European	Union,	we	will	no	longer	be	able	to	take
advantage	of	such	exemptions	in	the	respective	jurisdictions,	which	could	lead	us	to	incur	additional	design	and	manufacturing	expense.	We	do	not
anticipate	that	we	will	be	able	to	take	advantage	of	these	exemptions	with	respect	to	Model	S	which	we	plan	to	produce	at	significantly	higher	volumes
than	the	Tesla	Roadster.
If	we	are	unable	to	grow	our	sales	of	electric	vehicle	components	to	original	equipment	manufacturers	our	financial	results	may	suffer.
We	may	have	trouble	attracting	and	retaining	powertrain	customers	which	could	adversely	affect	our	business	prospects	and	results.	Daimler	and
its	affiliates	and	Toyota	and	its	affiliates	are	currently	the	only	customers	of	our	electric	powertrain	sales	and	development	services.	In	2012,	we
entered	into	a	development	agreement	for	the	development	of	a	full	electric	powertrain	for	a	Daimler	Mercedes-Benz	B-class	EV	by	the	end	of	2013.	We
have	not,	however,	yet	completed	our	development	activities	or	entered	into	an	agreement	to	supply	Daimler	with	production	electric	powertrain
systems.	Should	this	not	occur,	our	future	sales	growth	and	financial	results	would	be	adversely	affected.
In	July	2011,	we	entered	into	a	supply	and	services	agreement	with	Toyota	for	the	supply	of	a	validated	electric	powertrain	system,	including	a
battery	pack,	charging	system,	inverter,	motor,	gearbox	and	associated	software	which	will	be	integrated	into	an	electric	vehicle	version	of	the	Toyota
RAV4.	Pursuant	to	this	agreement,	we	expect	that	Toyota	will	pay	us	approximately	$100	million	between	2012	and	2014	based	on	our	delivery	of
electric	powertrain	systems.
The	payments	to	us	under	the	Toyota	agreement	are	not	guaranteed	and	will	only	occur	upon	the	delivery	of	powertrain	systems	that	meet
Toyota​s	specifications.	Toyota	is	not	obligated	to	buy	any	systems	from	us,	and	if	Toyota	does	not	order	the	anticipated	systems	from	us,	we	will	not
receive	the	revenues	we	anticipate	from	this	agreement.	This	agreement	further	requires	that	we	meet	customary	obligations	such	as	timely	deliveries,
warranty	and	product	quality	obligations.	Our	failure	to	meet	these	obligations	could	have	a	materially	adverse	impact	on	our	operating	results.
Additionally,	although	we	have	discussed	new	business	opportunities	with	each	of	Daimler	and	Toyota,	there	is	no	guarantee	that	we	will	be	able	to
reach	agreement	with	Daimler,	Toyota	or	their	respective	affiliates	regarding	such	opportunities	at	all	or	on	terms	and	conditions	that	are	favorable	to
us.	Even	if	we	can	attract	and	retain	additional	powertrain	customers	other	than	Daimler	and	Toyota,	there	is	no	assurance	that	we	can	adequately
pursue	such	opportunities	simultaneously	with	the	execution	of	our	plans	for	our	vehicles.
Our	relationship	with	Daimler	is	subject	to	various	risks	which	could	adversely	affect	our	business	and	future	prospects.
Our	relationship	with	Daimler	poses	various	risks	to	us	including:
	
	
	
potential	loss	of	access	to	parts	that	Daimler	is	providing	for	Model	S;	and
	
	
	
potential	loss	of	business	and	adverse	publicity	to	our	brand	image	if	there	are	defects	or	other	problems	discovered	with	our	electric
powertrain	components	that	Daimler	has	incorporated	into	their	vehicles.
	
47Table	of	Contents
The	occurrence	of	any	of	the	foregoing	could	adversely	affect	our	business,	prospects,	financial	condition	and	operating	results.
In	addition,	our	exclusivity	and	intellectual	property	agreement	with	Daimler	North	America	Corporation	(DNAC),	an	affiliate	of	Daimler,	provides
that,	if	a	Daimler	competitor	offers	to	enter	into	a	competitive	strategic	transaction	with	us,	we	are	required	to	give	DNAC	notice	of	such	offer	and
DNAC	will	have	a	specified	period	of	time	in	which	to	notify	us	whether	it	wishes	to	enter	into	such	transaction	with	us	on	the	same	terms	as	offered	by
the	third	party.	Because	we	will	be	able	to	enter	into	such	a	transaction	with	a	third	party	only	if	DNAC	declines	to	do	so,	this	may	decrease	the
likelihood	that	we	will	receive	offers	from	third	parties	to	enter	into	strategic	arrangements	in	the	future.
We	may	not	be	able	to	identify	adequate	strategic	relationship	opportunities,	or	form	strategic	relationships,	in	the	future.
Strategic	business	relationships	will	be	an	important	factor	in	the	growth	and	success	of	our	business.	For	example,	our	strategic	relationship
with	Daimler	has	provided	us	with	various	benefits	and	we	have	entered	into	an	agreement	for	the	supply	of	a	validated	electric	powertrain	for	the
Toyota	RAV4	with	Toyota.	However,	there	are	no	assurances	that	we	will	be	able	to	identify	or	secure	suitable	business	relationship	opportunities	in	the
future	or	our	competitors	may	capitalize	on	such	opportunities	before	we	do.	Our	strategic	relationship	with	Daimler	involved	Blackstar,	an	affiliate	of
Daimler,	making	a	significant	equity	investment	in	us	as	well	as	a	representative	from	Daimler,	joining	our	Board.	In	addition,	Toyota	made	a	significant
equity	investment	in	us	concurrent	with	the	closing	of	our	IPO	in	July	2010.	We	may	not	be	able	to	offer	similar	benefits	to	other	companies	that	we
would	like	to	establish	and	maintain	strategic	relationships	with	which	could	impair	our	ability	to	establish	such	relationships.	Moreover,	identifying
such	opportunities	could	demand	substantial	management	time	and	resources,	and	negotiating	and	financing	relationships	involves	significant	costs	and
uncertainties.	If	we	are	unable	to	successfully	source	and	execute	on	strategic	relationship	opportunities	in	the	future,	our	overall	growth	could	be
impaired,	and	our	business,	prospects	and	operating	results	could	be	materially	adversely	affected.
The	operation	of	our	vehicles	is	different	from	internal	combustion	engine	vehicles	and	our	customers	may	experience	difficulty
operating	them	properly,	including	difficulty	transitioning	between	different	methods	of	braking.
We	have	designed	our	vehicles	to	minimize	inconvenience	and	inadvertent	driver	damage	to	the	powertrain.	In	certain	instances,	these
protections	may	cause	the	vehicle	to	behave	in	ways	that	are	unfamiliar	to	drivers	of	internal	combustion	vehicles.	For	example,	we	employ
regenerative	braking	to	recharge	the	battery	pack	in	most	modes	of	vehicle	operation.	Our	customers	may	become	accustomed	to	using	this
regenerative	braking	instead	of	the	wheel	brakes	to	slow	the	vehicle.	However,	when	the	vehicle	is	at	maximum	charge,	the	regenerative	braking	is	not
needed	and	is	not	employed.	Accordingly,	our	customers	may	have	difficulty	shifting	between	different	methods	of	braking.	In	addition,	we	use	safety
mechanisms	to	limit	motor	torque	when	the	powertrain	system	reaches	elevated	temperatures.	In	such	instances,	the	vehicle​s	acceleration	and	speed
will	decrease.	Finally,	if	the	driver	permits	the	battery	pack	to	substantially	deplete	its	charge,	the	vehicle	will	progressively	limit	motor	torque	and
speed	to	preserve	the	charge	that	remains.	The	vehicle	will	lose	speed	and	ultimately	coast	to	a	stop.	Despite	several	warnings	about	an	imminent	loss
of	charge,	the	ultimate	loss	of	speed	may	be	unexpected.	There	can	be	no	assurance	that	our	customers	will	operate	the	vehicles	properly,	especially	in
these	situations.	Any	accidents	resulting	from	such	failure	to	operate	our	vehicles	properly	could	harm	our	brand	and	reputation,	result	in	adverse
publicity	and	product	liability	claims,	and	have	a	material	adverse	affect	on	our	business,	prospects,	financial	condition	and	operating	results.	In
addition,	if	consumers	dislike	these	features,	they	may	choose	not	to	buy	additional	cars	from	us	which	could	also	harm	our	business	and	prospects.
	
48Table	of	Contents
If	we	are	unable	to	keep	up	with	advances	in	electric	vehicle	technology,	we	may	suffer	a	decline	in	our	competitive	position.
We	may	be	unable	to	keep	up	with	changes	in	electric	vehicle	technology	and,	as	a	result,	may	suffer	a	decline	in	our	competitive	position.	Any
failure	to	keep	up	with	advances	in	electric	vehicle	technology	would	result	in	a	decline	in	our	competitive	position	which	would	materially	and
adversely	affect	our	business,	prospects,	operating	results	and	financial	condition.	Our	research	and	development	efforts	may	not	be	sufficient	to	adapt
to	changes	in	electric	vehicle	technology.	As	technologies	change,	we	plan	to	upgrade	or	adapt	our	vehicles	and	introduce	new	models	in	order	to
continue	to	provide	vehicles	with	the	latest	technology,	in	particular	battery	cell	technology.	However,	our	vehicles	may	not	compete	effectively	with
alternative	vehicles	if	we	are	not	able	to	source	and	integrate	the	latest	technology	into	our	vehicles.	For	example,	we	do	not	manufacture	battery	cells,
which	makes	us	dependent	upon	other	suppliers	of	battery	cell	technology	for	our	battery	packs.
If	we	fail	to	manage	future	growth	effectively	as	we	rapidly	grow	our	company,	we	may	not	be	able	to	produce,	market,	sell	and	service
our	vehicles	successfully.
Any	failure	to	manage	our	growth	effectively	could	materially	and	adversely	affect	our	business,	prospects,	operating	results	and	financial
condition.	We	continue	to	expand	our	operations	significantly,	and	additional	significant	expansion	will	be	required,	especially	in	connection	with	the
expansion	of	our	network	of	Tesla	stores,	service	centers	and	our	mobile	Tesla	Rangers	program	across	the	United	States	as	well	as	in	Europe	and	Asia.
Our	future	operating	results	depend	to	a	large	extent	on	our	ability	to	manage	this	expansion	and	growth	successfully.	Risks	that	we	face	in	undertaking
this	expansion	include:
	
	
	
finding	and	training	new	personnel;
	
	
	
forecasting	production	and	revenue;
	
	
	
controlling	expenses	and	investments	in	anticipation	of	expanded	operations;
	
	
	
establishing	or	expanding	design,	manufacturing,	sales	and	service	facilities;
	
	
	
implementing	and	enhancing	manufacturing	and	administrative	infrastructure,	systems	and	processes;
	
	
	
addressing	new	markets;	and
	
	
	
expanding	international	operations.
We	intend	to	continue	to	hire	a	significant	number	of	additional	personnel,	including	manufacturing	personnel,	design	personnel,	engineers	and
service	technicians	for	our	performance	electric	vehicles.	Because	our	high-performance	vehicles	are	based	on	a	different	technology	platform	than
traditional	internal	combustion	engines,	individuals	with	sufficient	training	in	performance	electric	vehicles	may	not	be	available	to	hire,	and	we	will
need	to	expend	significant	time	and	expense	training	the	employees	we	do	hire.	Competition	for	individuals	with	experience	designing,	manufacturing
and	servicing	electric	vehicles	is	intense,	and	we	may	not	be	able	to	attract,	assimilate,	train	or	retain	additional	highly	qualified	personnel	in	the
future.	The	failure	to	attract,	integrate,	train,	motivate	and	retain	these	additional	employees	could	seriously	harm	our	business	and	prospects.
If	we	are	unable	to	attract	and/or	retain	key	employees	and	hire	qualified	management,	technical	vehicle	engineering,	and
manufacturing	personnel,	our	ability	to	compete	could	be	harmed	and	our	stock	price	may	decline.
The	loss	of	the	services	of	any	of	our	key	employees	could	disrupt	our	operations,	delay	the	development	and	introduction	of	our	vehicles	and
services,	and	negatively	impact	our	business,	prospects	and	operating	results	as	well	as	cause	our	stock	price	to	decline.	In	particular,	we	are	highly
dependent	on	the	services	of	Elon	Musk,	our	Chief	Executive	Officer,	Product	Architect	and	Chairman	of	our	Board	of	Directors,	and	JB	Straubel,	our
Chief	Technical	Officer.	None	of	our	key	employees	is	bound	by	an	employment	agreement	for	any	specific
	
49Table	of	Contents
term.	There	can	be	no	assurance	that	we	will	be	able	to	successfully	attract	and	retain	senior	leadership	necessary	to	grow	our	business.	Our	future
success	depends	upon	our	ability	to	attract	and	retain	our	executive	officers	and	other	key	technology,	sales,	marketing,	engineering,	manufacturing
and	support	personnel	and	any	failure	to	do	so	could	adversely	impact	our	business,	prospects,	financial	condition	and	operating	results.	We	have	in	the
past	and	may	in	the	future	experience	difficulty	in	retaining	members	of	our	senior	management	team	as	well	as	technical,	vehicle	engineering	and
manufacturing	personnel	due	to	various	factors,	such	as	a	very	competitive	labor	market	for	talented	individuals	with	automotive	experience.	In
addition,	we	do	not	have	​key	person​	life	insurance	policies	covering	any	of	our	officers	or	other	key	employees.	Currently	in	Northern	California,	there
is	increasing	competition	for	talented	individuals	with	the	specialized	knowledge	of	electric	vehicles,	software	engineers	and	other	skilled	employees
and	this	competition	affects	both	our	ability	to	retain	key	employees	and	hire	new	ones.	Our	continued	success	depends	upon	our	continued	ability	to
hire	and	retain	employees.	Additionally,	we	compete	with	many	mature	and	prosperous	companies	in	Northern	California	that	have	far	greater	financial
resources	than	we	do	and	thus	can	offer	current	or	perspective	employees	more	lucrative	incentive	packages	than	we	can.	Any	difficulties	in	retaining
current	employees	or	recruiting	news	ones	would	have	an	adverse	effect	on	our	performance.
We	are	highly	dependent	on	the	services	of	Elon	Musk,	our	Chief	Executive	Officer.
We	are	highly	dependent	on	the	services	of	Elon	Musk,	our	Chief	Executive	Officer,	Product	Architect,	Chairman	of	our	Board	of	Directors	and
largest	stockholder.	Although	Mr.	Musk	spends	significant	time	with	Tesla	and	is	highly	active	in	our	management,	he	does	not	devote	his	full	time	and
attention	to	Tesla.	Mr.	Musk	also	currently	serves	as	Chief	Executive	Officer	and	Chief	Technical	Officer	of	Space	Exploration	Technologies,	a	developer
and	manufacturer	of	space	launch	vehicles,	and	Chairman	of	SolarCity,	a	solar	equipment	installation	company.
Furthermore,	our	DOE	Loan	Facility	provides	that	we	will	be	in	default	under	the	facility	in	the	event	Mr.	Musk	and	certain	of	his	affiliates	fail	to
own,	at	any	time	prior	to	one	year	after	we	complete	the	project	relating	to	Model	S,	at	least	65%	of	the	capital	stock	held	by	Mr.	Musk	and	such
affiliates	as	of	the	date	of	the	DOE	Loan	Facility.	Mr.	Musk​s	shares	of	our	capital	stock	are	held	directly	by	his	personal	trust.
Many	members	of	our	management	team	are	new	to	the	company	or	to	the	automobile	industry,	and	execution	of	our	business	plan
and	development	strategy	could	be	seriously	harmed	if	integration	of	our	management	team	into	our	company	is	not	successful.
Our	business	could	be	seriously	harmed	if	integration	of	our	management	team	into	our	company	is	not	successful.	We	expect	that	it	will	take
time	for	our	new	management	team	to	integrate	into	our	company	and	it	is	too	early	to	predict	whether	this	integration	will	be	successful.	We	have
recently	experienced	significant	changes	in	our	management	team	and	expect	to	continue	to	experience	significant	growth	in	our	management	team.
Our	senior	management	team	has	only	limited	experience	working	together	as	a	group.	Specifically,	three	of	the	six	members	of	our	senior	management
team	have	joined	us	within	the	last	few	years.	This	lack	of	long-term	experience	working	together	may	impact	the	team​s	ability	to	collectively	quickly
and	efficiently	respond	to	problems	and	effectively	manage	our	business.	Although	we	are	taking	steps	to	add	senior	management	personnel	that	have
significant	automotive	experience,	many	of	the	members	of	our	current	senior	management	team	have	limited	or	no	prior	experience	in	the	automobile
or	electric	vehicle	industries.
We	are	subject	to	various	environmental	and	safety	laws	and	regulations	that	could	impose	substantial	costs	upon	us	and	negatively
impact	our	ability	to	operate	our	manufacturing	facilities.
As	an	automobile	manufacturer,	we	and	our	operations,	both	in	the	United	States	and	abroad,	are	subject	to	national,	state,	provincial	and/or
local	environmental,	health	and	safety	laws	and	regulations,	including	laws	relating	to	the	use,	handling,	storage,	disposal	and	human	exposure	to
hazardous	materials.	Environmental	and	health	and	safety	laws	and	regulations	can	be	complex,	and	we	expect	that	our	business	and	operations	will	be
	
50Table	of	Contents
affected	by	future	amendments	to	such	laws	or	other	new	environmental	and	health	and	safety	laws	which	may	require	us	to	change	our	operations,
potentially	resulting	in	a	material	adverse	effect	on	our	business.	These	laws	can	give	rise	to	liability	for	administrative	oversight	costs,	cleanup	costs,
property	damage,	bodily	injury	and	fines	and	penalties.	Capital	and	operating	expenses	needed	to	comply	with	environmental,	health	and	safety	laws
and	regulations	can	be	significant,	and	violations	may	result	in	substantial	fines	and	penalties,	third	party	damages,	suspension	of	production	or	a
cessation	of	our	operations.
Contamination	at	properties	formerly	owned	or	operated	by	us,	as	well	as	at	properties	we	will	own	and	operate,	and	properties	to	which
hazardous	substances	were	sent	by	us,	may	result	in	liability	for	us	under	environmental	laws	and	regulations,	including,	but	not	limited	to	the
Comprehensive	Environmental	Response,	Compensation	and	Liability	Act	(CERCLA),	which	can	impose	liability	for	the	full	amount	of	remediation-
related	costs	without	regard	to	fault,	for	the	investigation	and	cleanup	of	contaminated	soil	and	ground	water,	for	building	contamination	and	impacts
to	human	health	and	for	damages	to	natural	resources.	The	costs	of	complying	with	environmental	laws	and	regulations	and	any	claims	concerning
noncompliance,	or	liability	with	respect	to	contamination	in	the	future,	could	have	a	material	adverse	effect	on	our	financial	condition	or	operating
results.	We	may	face	unexpected	delays	in	obtaining	the	necessary	permits	and	approvals	required	by	environmental	laws	in	connection	with	our
manufacturing	facilities	that	could	require	significant	time	and	financial	resources	and	negatively	impact	our	ability	to	operate	these	facilities,	which
would	adversely	impact	our	business	prospects	and	operating	results.
New	United	Motor	Manufacturing,	Inc.	(NUMMI)	has	previously	identified	environmental	conditions	at	the	Tesla	Factory	which	affect	soil	and
groundwater,	and	has	undertaken	efforts	to	address	these	conditions.	Although	we	have	been	advised	by	NUMMI	that	it	has	documented	and	managed
the	environmental	issues	at	the	Fremont	site,	we	cannot	currently	determine	with	certainty	the	total	potential	costs	to	remediate	pre-existing
contamination,	and	we	may	be	exposed	to	material	liability	as	a	result	of	the	existence	of	any	environmental	contamination	at	the	Fremont	site.
As	the	owner	of	the	Fremont	site,	we	may	be	responsible	under	federal	and	state	laws	and	regulations	for	the	entire	investigation	and	remediation
of	any	environmental	contamination	at	the	Fremont	site,	whether	it	occurred	before	or	after	the	date	we	purchase	the	property.	We	have	reached	an
agreement	with	NUMMI	under	which,	over	a	ten	year	period,	we	will	pay	the	first	$15.0	million	of	any	costs	of	any	governmentally-required	remediation
activities	for	contamination	that	existed	prior	to	the	closing	of	the	purchase	for	any	known	or	unknown	environmental	conditions	(Remediation
Activities),	and	NUMMI	has	agreed	to	pay	the	next	$15.0	million	for	such	Remediation	Activities.	Our	agreement	provides,	in	part,	that	NUMMI	will	pay
up	to	the	first	$15.0	million	on	our	behalf	if	such	expenses	are	incurred	in	the	first	four	years	of	our	agreement,	subject	to	our	reimbursement	of	such
costs	on	the	fourth	anniversary	date	of	the	closing.
On	the	ten-year	anniversary	of	the	closing	or	whenever	$30.0	million	has	been	spent	on	the	Remediation	Activities,	whichever	comes	first,
NUMMI​s	liability	to	us	with	respect	to	Remediation	Activities	ceases,	and	we	are	responsible	for	any	and	all	environmental	conditions	at	the	Fremont
site.	At	that	point	in	time,	we	have	agreed	to	indemnify,	defend,	and	hold	harmless	NUMMI	from	all	liability,	including	attorney	fees,	or	any	costs	or
penalties	it	may	incur	arising	out	of	or	in	connection	with	any	claim	relating	to	environmental	conditions	and	we	have	released	NUMMI	for	any	known
or	unknown	claims	except	for	NUMMI​s	obligations	for	representations	and	warranties	under	the	agreement.	As	of	December	31,	2012,	we	have	accrued
$5.3	million	related	to	these	environmental	liabilities.
There	are	no	assurances	that	NUMMI	will	perform	its	obligations	under	our	agreement	and	NUMMI​s	failure	to	perform	would	require	us	to
undertake	these	obligations	at	a	potentially	significant	cost	and	risk	to	our	ability	to	increase	the	production	capacity	of,	and	operate,	our	Tesla	Factory.
Any	Remediation	Activities	or	other	environmental	conditions	at	the	Fremont	site	could	harm	our	operations	and	the	future	use	and	value	of	the
Fremont	site	and	could	delay	our	production	plans	for	Model	S.
	
51Table	of	Contents
Our	business	may	be	adversely	affected	by	union	activities.
Although	none	of	our	employees	are	currently	represented	by	a	labor	union,	it	is	common	throughout	the	automobile	industry	generally	for	many
employees	at	automobile	companies	to	belong	to	a	union,	which	can	result	in	higher	employee	costs	and	increased	risk	of	work	stoppages.	Our
employees	may	join	or	seek	recognition	to	form	a	labor	union,	or	we	may	be	required	to	become	a	union	signatory.	Additionally,	disgruntled	ex-
employees	may	actively	encourage	unionization	of	Tesla	employees.	Our	automobile	production	facility	in	Fremont,	California	was	purchased	from
NUMMI.	Prior	employees	of	NUMMI	were	union	members	and	our	future	work	force	at	this	facility	may	be	inclined	to	vote	in	favor	of	forming	a	labor
union.	We	are	also	directly	or	indirectly	dependent	upon	companies	with	unionized	work	forces,	such	as	parts	suppliers	and	trucking	and	freight
companies,	and	work	stoppages	or	strikes	organized	by	such	unions	could	have	a	material	adverse	impact	on	our	business,	financial	condition	or
operating	results.	If	a	work	stoppage	occurs,	it	could	delay	the	manufacture	and	sale	of	our	performance	electric	vehicles	and	have	a	material	adverse
effect	on	our	business,	prospects,	operating	results	or	financial	condition.	The	mere	fact	that	our	labor	force	could	be	unionized	may	harm	our
reputation	in	the	eyes	of	some	investors	and	thereby	negatively	affect	our	stock	price.	Additionally,	the	unionization	of	our	labor	force	could	increase
our	employee	costs	and	decrease	our	profitability,	both	of	which	could	adversely	affect	our	business,	prospects,	financial	condition	and	results	of
operations.
We	are	subject	to	substantial	regulation,	which	is	evolving,	and	unfavorable	changes	or	failure	by	us	to	comply	with	these	regulations
could	substantially	harm	our	business	and	operating	results.
Our	performance	electric	vehicles,	the	sale	of	motor	vehicles	in	general	and	the	electronic	components	used	in	our	vehicles	are	subject	to
substantial	regulation	under	international,	federal,	state,	and	local	laws.	We	have	incurred,	and	expect	to	incur	in	the	future,	significant	costs	in
complying	with	these	regulations.	For	example,	the	Clean	Air	Act	requires	that	we	obtain	a	Certificate	of	Conformity	issued	by	the	EPA	and	a	California
Executive	Order	issued	by	the	CARB	with	respect	to	emissions	for	our	vehicles.	We	received	a	Certificate	of	Conformity	for	sales	of	our	Tesla	Roadsters
in	2008	and	2010,	but	did	not	receive	a	Certificate	of	Conformity	for	sales	of	the	Tesla	Roadster	in	2009	until	December	21,	2009.	In	January	2010,	we
and	the	EPA	entered	into	an	Administrative	Settlement	Agreement	and	Audit	Policy	Determination	in	which	we	agreed	to	pay	a	civil	administrative
penalty	in	the	sum	of	$275,000	for	failing	to	obtain	a	Certificate	of	Conformity	for	sales	of	our	vehicles	in	2009	prior	to	December	21,	2009.
Regulations	related	to	the	electric	vehicle	industry	and	alternative	energy	are	currently	evolving	and	we	face	risks	associated	with	changes	to
these	regulations	such	as:
	
	
	
the	imposition	of	a	carbon	tax	or	the	introduction	of	a	cap-and-trade	system	on	electric	utilities	could	increase	the	cost	of	electricity;
	
	
	
increasingly	stringent	Clean	Air	Act	emission	regulations	affecting	power	plants	used	to	generate	electricity	could	increase	the	cost	of
electricity;
	
	
	
changes	to	the	regulations	governing	the	assembly	and	transportation	of	lithium-ion	battery	packs,	such	as	the	UN	Recommendations	of	the
Safe	Transport	of	Dangerous	Goods	Model	Regulations	or	regulations	adopted	by	the	U.S.	Pipeline	and	Hazardous	Materials	Safety
Administration	(PHMSA)	could	increase	the	cost	of	lithium-ion	battery	packs	or	restrict	their	transport;
	
	
	
the	amendment	or	rescission	of	the	federal	law	and	regulations	mandating	increased	fuel	economy	in	the	United	States,	referred	to	as	the
Corporate	Average	Fuel	Economy	(CAFE)	standards	could	reduce	new	business	opportunities	for	our	powertrain	sales	and	development
activities;
	
	
	
the	amendment	or	rescission	of	federal	greenhouse	gas	tailpipe	emission	regulations	administered	by	EPA	under	the	authority	of	the	Clean
Air	Act	could	reduce	new	business	opportunities	for	our	powertrain	sales	and	development	activities;
	
52Table	of	Contents
	
	
increased	sensitivity	by	regulators	to	the	needs	of	established	automobile	manufacturers	with	large	employment	bases,	high	fixed	costs	and
business	models	based	on	the	internal	combustion	engine	could	lead	them	to	pass	regulations	that	could	reduce	the	compliance	costs	of
such	established	manufacturers	or	mitigate	the	effects	of	government	efforts	to	promote	alternative	fuel	vehicles;	and
	
	
	
changes	to	regulations	governing	the	export	of	our	products	could	increase	our	costs	incurred	to	deliver	products	outside	the	United	States
or	force	us	to	charge	a	higher	price	for	our	vehicles	in	such	jurisdictions.
In	addition,	as	the	automotive	industry	moves	towards	greater	use	of	electronics	for	vehicle	systems,	NHTSA	and	other	regulatory	bodies	may	in
the	future	increase	regulation	for	these	electronic	systems	as	concerns	about	distracted	driving	increase.	Such	concerns	could	affect	electronic	systems
in	Model	S,	including	those	used	with	the	17	inch	display	screen	in	Model	S	which	could	reduce	the	appeal	of	Model	S	or	require	adjustments	to	the
display	screen​s	functionality.
To	the	extent	the	laws	change,	some	or	all	of	our	vehicles	may	not	comply	with	applicable	international,	federal,	state	or	local	laws,	which	would
have	an	adverse	effect	on	our	business.	Compliance	with	changing	regulations	could	be	burdensome,	time	consuming,	and	expensive.	To	the	extent
compliance	with	new	regulations	is	cost	prohibitive,	our	business,	prospects,	financial	condition	and	operating	results	will	be	adversely	affected.
We	retain	certain	personal	information	about	our	customers	and	may	be	subject	to	various	privacy	and	consumer	protection	laws.
We	use	our	vehicles​	electronic	systems	to	log	information	about	each	vehicle​s	condition,	performance	and	use	in	order	to	aid	us	in	providing
customer	service,	including	vehicle	diagnostics,	repair	and	maintenance,	as	well	as	to	help	us	collect	data	regarding	our	customers​	charge	time,	battery
usage,	mileage	and	efficiency	habits	and	to	improve	our	vehicles.	Our	customers	may	object	to	the	processing	of	this	data,	which	may	negatively	impact
our	ability	to	provide	effective	customer	service	and	develop	new	vehicles	and	products.	Collection	and	use	of	our	customers​	personal	information	in
conducting	our	business	may	be	subject	to	federal	and/or	state	laws	and	regulations	in	the	United	States	and	foreign	jurisdictions,	and	such	laws	and
regulations	may	restrict	our	processing	of	such	personal	information	and	hinder	our	ability	to	acquire	new	customers	or	market	to	existing	customers.
We	may	incur	significant	expenses	to	comply	with	privacy,	consumer	protection	and	security	standards	and	protocols	imposed	by	law,	regulation,
industry	standards	or	contractual	obligations.	Although	we	take	steps	to	protect	the	security	of	our	customers​	personal	information,	we	may	be	required
to	expend	significant	resources	to	comply	with	data	breach	requirements	if	third	parties	improperly	obtain	and	use	the	personal	information	of	our
customers	or	we	otherwise	experience	a	data	loss	with	respect	to	customers​	personal	information.	A	major	breach	of	our	network	security	and	systems
could	have	serious	negative	consequences	for	our	businesses	and	future	prospects,	including	possible	fines,	penalties	and	damages,	reduced	customer
demand	for	our	vehicles,	and	harm	to	our	reputation	and	brand.
We	may	become	subject	to	product	liability	claims,	which	could	harm	our	financial	condition	and	liquidity	if	we	are	not	able	to
successfully	defend	or	insure	against	such	claims.
We	may	become	subject	to	product	liability	claims,	which	could	harm	our	business,	prospects,	operating	results	and	financial	condition.	The
automobile	industry	experiences	significant	product	liability	claims	and	we	face	inherent	risk	of	exposure	to	claims	in	the	event	our	vehicles	do	not
perform	as	expected	or	malfunction	resulting	in	personal	injury	or	death.	Our	risks	in	this	area	are	particularly	pronounced	given	the	limited	number	of
vehicles	delivered	to	date	and	limited	field	experience	of	those	vehicles,	including	Model	S.	A	successful	product	liability	claim	against	us	could	require
us	to	pay	a	substantial	monetary	award.	Moreover,	a	product	liability	claim	could	generate	substantial	negative	publicity	about	our	vehicles	and
business	and	inhibit	or	prevent	commercialization	of	other	future	vehicle	candidates	which	would	have	material	adverse	effect	on	our	brand,	business,
prospects	and	operating	results.	We	self	insure	against	the	risk	of	product	liability	claims.	Any	lawsuit
	
53Table	of	Contents
seeking	significant	monetary	damages	may	have	a	material	adverse	effect	on	our	reputation,	business	and	financial	condition.	We	may	not	be	able	to
secure	additional	product	liability	insurance	coverage	on	commercially	acceptable	terms	or	at	reasonable	costs	when	needed,	particularly	if	we	do	face
liability	for	our	products	and	are	forced	to	make	a	claim	under	our	policy.
We	may	have	difficulty	satisfying	safety	requirements	in	different	countries	around	the	world	where	we	plan	to	sell	our	vehicles.
In	connection	with	the	development	and	sale	of	Model	S,	Model	X,	and	our	future	electric	vehicles,	we	will	need	to	comply	with	various	additional
safety	regulations	and	requirements	that	were	not	applicable	to	the	sales	of	our	Tesla	Roadsters,	with	which	it	may	be	expensive	or	difficult	to	comply.
For	example,	we	will	need	to	pass	a	range	of	impact	tests	for	our	current	and	future	vehicles.	We	performed	similar	tests	on	the	Tesla	Roadster	based
on	European	Union	testing	standards	in	connection	with	sales	exceeding	certain	volume	thresholds	in	Australia	and	Japan,	and	two	criteria	were	not
met	in	the	test.	We	may	experience	difficulties	in	meeting	all	the	criteria	for	these	or	similar	tests	for	Model	S	and	Model	X,	which	may	delay	our	ability
to	sell	Model	S	and	Model	X	in	high	volumes	in	certain	jurisdictions.
We	may	be	compelled	to	undertake	product	recalls,	which	could	adversely	affect	our	brand	image	and	financial	performance.
Any	product	recall	in	the	future	may	result	in	adverse	publicity,	damage	our	brand	and	adversely	affect	our	business,	prospects,	operating	results
and	financial	condition.	We	previously	experienced	product	recalls	in	May	2009	and	October	2010,	both	of	which	were	unrelated	to	our	electric
powertrain.	In	April	2009,	we	determined	that	a	condition	caused	by	insufficient	torquing	of	the	rear	inner	hub	flange	bolt	existed	in	some	of	our	Tesla
Roadsters,	as	a	result	of	a	missed	process	during	the	manufacture	of	the	Tesla	Roadster	glider.	In	October	2010,	we	initiated	a	product	recall	after	the
12	volt,	low	voltage	auxiliary	cable	in	a	single	vehicle	chafed	against	the	edge	of	a	carbon	fiber	panel	in	the	vehicle	causing	a	short,	smoke	and	possible
fire	behind	the	right	front	headlamp	of	the	vehicle.	In	the	future,	we	may	at	various	times,	voluntarily	or	involuntarily,	initiate	a	recall	if	any	of	our
vehicles,	including	Model	S,	or	electric	powertrain	components	prove	to	be	defective	or	noncompliant	with	applicable	federal	motor	vehicle	safety
standards.	Such	recalls,	voluntary	or	involuntary,	involve	significant	expense	and	diversion	of	management	attention	and	other	resources,	which	could
adversely	affect	our	brand	image	in	our	target	markets	and	could	adversely	affect	our	business,	prospects,	financial	condition	and	results	of	operations.
Our	current	and	future	warranty	reserves	may	be	insufficient	to	cover	future	warranty	claims	which	could	adversely	affect	our	financial
performance.
If	our	warranty	reserves	are	inadequate	to	cover	future	warranty	claims	on	our	vehicles,	our	business,	prospects,	financial	condition	and
operating	results	could	be	materially	and	adversely	affected.	We	provide	a	three	year	or	36,000	mile	New	Vehicle	Limited	Warranty	with	every	Tesla
Roadster,	which	we	extended	to	four	years	or	50,000	miles	for	the	purchasers	of	our	2008	Tesla	Roadster.	In	addition,	customers	have	the	opportunity
to	purchase	Extended	Service	plans	for	the	period	after	the	end	of	the	New	Vehicle	Limited	Warranty	for	the	Tesla	Roadster	to	cover	additional	services
for	up	to	an	additional	three	years	or	36,000	miles,	provided	they	are	purchased	within	a	specified	period	of	time.	Subject	to	separate	limited	warranties
for	the	supplemental	restraint	system	and	battery,	we	provide	a	four	year	or	50,000	mile	New	Vehicle	Limited	Warranty	for	the	purchasers	of	Model	S.
The	New	Vehicle	Limited	Warranty	for	Model	S	covers	the	battery	for	a	period	of	eight	years	or	100,000	miles,	125,000	miles	or	unlimited	miles,
depending	on	the	size	of	the	vehicle​s	battery,	although	the	battery​s	charging	capacity	is	not	covered	under	the	New	Vehicle	Limited	Warranty	or	any
Extended	Service	plan.	In	addition,	customers	have	the	opportunity	to	purchase	an	Extended	Service	plan	for	the	period	after	the	end	of	the	New
Vehicle	Limited	Warranty	for	Model	S	to	cover	additional	services	for	an	additional	four	years	or	50,000	miles,	provided	it	is	purchased	within	a
specified	period	of	time.	The	New	Vehicle	Limited	Warranty	and	Extended	Service	plans	for	each	of	the	Tesla	Roadster	and	Model	S	are	subject	to
certain	limitations,	exclusions	or	separate	warranties,	including	certain	wear	items,	such	as	tires,	brake	pads,	paint	and	general	appearance,	and
	
54Table	of	Contents
battery	performance,	and	is	intended	to	cover	parts	and	labor	to	repair	defects	in	material	or	workmanship	in	the	vehicle	including	the	body,	chassis,
suspension,	interior,	electronic	systems,	powertrain	and	brake	system.	We	have	previously	provided	our	Tesla	Roadster	customers	with	a	battery
replacement	option	to	replace	the	battery	in	their	vehicles	at	any	time	after	the	expiration	of	the	New	Vehicle	Limited	Warranty	but	before	the	tenth
anniversary	of	the	purchase	date	of	their	vehicles	and	also	recently	announced	a	battery	replacement	option	for	all	three	battery	variants	of	our	Model	S
in	which	customers	may	purchase,	within	a	specified	period	of	time,	a	one-time	option	(subject	to	certain	limitations	and	exclusions)	to	replace	the
battery	at	any	time	before	the	twelfth	anniversary	of	such	purchase	date,	with	certain	price	adjustments	depending	upon	the	year	the	battery	is
replaced.
We	record	and	adjust	warranty	reserves	based	on	changes	in	estimated	costs	and	actual	warranty	costs.	However,	we	have	limited	operating
experience	with	our	vehicles,	and	therefore	little	experience	with	warranty	claims	for	these	vehicles	or	with	estimating	warranty	reserves.	Furthermore,
reserves	that	we	recorded	for	Model	S	may	be	insufficient	to	cover	all	future	warranty	claims.
Since	we	began	initiating	sales	of	our	vehicles,	we	have	continued	to	increase	our	warranty	reserves	based	on	our	actual	warranty	claim
experience	and	we	may	be	required	to	undertake	further	such	increases	in	the	future.	As	of	December	31,	2012,	we	had	warranty	reserves	of	$13.0
million,	and	such	reserve	amount	will	increase	in	the	future	as	Model	S	is	sold.	We	could	in	the	future	become	subject	to	a	significant	and	unexpected
warranty	expense.	There	can	be	no	assurances	that	our	currently	existing	or	future	warranty	reserves	will	be	sufficient	to	cover	all	claims	or	that	our
limited	experience	with	warranty	claims	will	adequately	address	the	needs	of	our	customers	to	their	satisfaction.
We	may	need	to	defend	ourselves	against	patent	or	trademark	infringement	claims,	which	may	be	time-consuming	and	would	cause	us
to	incur	substantial	costs.
Companies,	organizations	or	individuals,	including	our	competitors,	may	hold	or	obtain	patents,	trademarks	or	other	proprietary	rights	that	would
prevent,	limit	or	interfere	with	our	ability	to	make,	use,	develop	or	sell	our	vehicles	or	components,	which	could	make	it	more	difficult	for	us	to	operate
our	business.	From	time	to	time,	we	may	receive	inquiries	from	holders	of	patents	or	trademarks	inquiring	whether	we	infringe	their	proprietary	rights.
Companies	holding	patents	or	other	intellectual	property	rights	relating	to	battery	packs,	electric	motors	or	electronic	power	management	systems	may
bring	suits	alleging	infringement	of	such	rights	or	otherwise	asserting	their	rights	and	seeking	licenses.	In	addition,	if	we	are	determined	to	have
infringed	upon	a	third	party​s	intellectual	property	rights,	we	may	be	required	to	do	one	or	more	of	the	following:
	
	
	
cease	selling,	incorporating	or	using	vehicles	that	incorporate	the	challenged	intellectual	property;
	
	
	
pay	substantial	damages;
	
	
	
obtain	a	license	from	the	holder	of	the	infringed	intellectual	property	right,	which	license	may	not	be	available	on	reasonable	terms	or	at	all;
or
	
	
	
redesign	our	vehicles.
In	the	event	of	a	successful	claim	of	infringement	against	us	and	our	failure	or	inability	to	obtain	a	license	to	the	infringed	technology,	our
business,	prospects,	operating	results	and	financial	condition	could	be	materially	adversely	affected.	In	addition,	any	litigation	or	claims,	whether	or	not
valid,	could	result	in	substantial	costs	and	diversion	of	resources	and	management	attention.
We	also	license	patents	and	other	intellectual	property	from	third	parties,	and	we	may	face	claims	that	our	use	of	this	in-licensed	technology
infringes	the	rights	of	others.	In	that	case,	we	may	seek	indemnification	from	our	licensors	under	our	license	contracts	with	them.	However,	our	rights
to	indemnification	may	be	unavailable	or	insufficient	to	cover	our	costs	and	losses,	depending	on	our	use	of	the	technology,	whether	we	choose	to	retain
control	over	conduct	of	the	litigation,	and	other	factors.
	
55Table	of	Contents
Our	business	will	be	adversely	affected	if	we	are	unable	to	protect	our	intellectual	property	rights	from	unauthorized	use	or
infringement	by	third	parties.
Any	failure	to	protect	our	proprietary	rights	adequately	could	result	in	our	competitors	offering	similar	products,	potentially	resulting	in	the	loss
of	some	of	our	competitive	advantage	and	a	decrease	in	our	revenue	which	would	adversely	affect	our	business,	prospects,	financial	condition	and
operating	results.	Our	success	depends,	at	least	in	part,	on	our	ability	to	protect	our	core	technology	and	intellectual	property.	To	accomplish	this,	we
rely	on	a	combination	of	patents,	patent	applications,	trade	secrets,	including	know-how,	employee	and	third	party	nondisclosure	agreements,	copyright
laws,	trademarks,	intellectual	property	licenses	and	other	contractual	rights	to	establish	and	protect	our	proprietary	rights	in	our	technology.	We	have
also	received	from	third	parties	patent	licenses	related	to	manufacturing	our	vehicles.
The	protection	provided	by	the	patent	laws	is	and	will	be	important	to	our	future	opportunities.	However,	such	patents	and	agreements	and
various	other	measures	we	take	to	protect	our	intellectual	property	from	use	by	others	may	not	be	effective	for	various	reasons,	including	the	following:
	
	
	
our	pending	patent	applications	may	not	result	in	the	issuance	of	patents;
	
	
	
our	patents,	if	issued,	may	not	be	broad	enough	to	protect	our	proprietary	rights;
	
	
	
the	patents	we	have	been	granted	may	be	challenged,	invalidated	or	circumvented	because	of	the	pre-existence	of	similar	patented	or
unpatented	intellectual	property	rights	or	for	other	reasons;
	
	
	
the	costs	associated	with	enforcing	patents,	confidentiality	and	invention	agreements	or	other	intellectual	property	rights	may	make
aggressive	enforcement	impracticable;
	
	
	
current	and	future	competitors	may	independently	develop	similar	technology,	duplicate	our	vehicles	or	design	new	vehicles	in	a	way	that
circumvents	our	patents;	and
	
	
	
our	in-licensed	patents	may	be	invalidated	or	the	holders	of	these	patents	may	seek	to	breach	our	license	arrangements.
Existing	trademark	and	trade	secret	laws	and	confidentiality	agreements	afford	only	limited	protection.	In	addition,	the	laws	of	some	foreign
countries	do	not	protect	our	proprietary	rights	to	the	same	extent	as	do	the	laws	of	the	United	States,	and	policing	the	unauthorized	use	of	our
intellectual	property	is	difficult.
Our	patent	applications	may	not	result	in	issued	patents,	which	may	have	a	material	adverse	effect	on	our	ability	to	prevent	others
from	commercially	exploiting	products	similar	to	ours.
We	cannot	be	certain	that	we	are	the	first	creator	of	inventions	covered	by	pending	patent	applications	or	the	first	to	file	patent	applications	on
these	inventions,	nor	can	we	be	certain	that	our	pending	patent	applications	will	result	in	issued	patents	or	that	any	of	our	issued	patents	will	afford
protection	against	a	competitor.	In	addition,	patent	applications	filed	in	foreign	countries	are	subject	to	laws,	rules	and	procedures	that	differ	from
those	of	the	United	States,	and	thus	we	cannot	be	certain	that	foreign	patent	applications	related	to	issued	U.S.	patents	will	result	in	issued	patents.
Furthermore,	even	if	these	patent	applications	do	result	in	issued	patents,	some	foreign	countries	provide	significantly	less	effective	patent	enforcement
than	in	the	United	States.
The	status	of	patents	involves	complex	legal	and	factual	questions	and	the	breadth	of	claims	allowed	is	uncertain.	As	a	result,	we	cannot	be
certain	that	the	patent	applications	that	we	file	will	result	in	patents	being	issued,	or	that	our	patents	and	any	patents	that	may	be	issued	to	us	in	the
near	future	will	afford	protection	against	competitors	with	similar	technology.	In	addition,	patents	issued	to	us	may	be	infringed	upon	or	designed
around	by	others	and	others	may	obtain	patents	that	we	need	to	license	or	design	around,	either	of	which	would	increase	costs	and	may	adversely	affect
our	business,	prospects,	financial	condition	and	operating	results.
	
56Table	of	Contents
Our	trademark	applications	in	certain	countries	remain	subject	to	outstanding	opposition	proceedings.
We	currently	sell	and	market	our	vehicles	in	various	countries	under	our	Tesla	marks.	We	have	filed	trademark	applications	for	our	Tesla	marks
and	opposition	proceedings	to	trademark	applications	of	third	parties	in	various	countries	in	which	we	currently	sell	and	plan	to	sell	our	vehicles.
Certain	of	our	trademark	applications	are	subject	to	outstanding	opposition	proceedings	brought	by	owners	or	applicants	alleging	prior	use	of	similar
marks.	If	we	cannot	resolve	these	oppositions	and	thereby	secure	registered	rights	in	these	countries,	our	ability	to	challenge	third	party	users	of	the
Tesla	marks	will	be	reduced	and	the	value	of	the	marks	representing	our	exclusive	brand	name	in	these	countries	will	be	diluted.	In	addition,	there	is	a
risk	that	the	prior	rights	owners	could	in	the	future	take	actions	to	challenge	our	use	of	the	Tesla	marks	in	these	countries.	Such	actions	could	have	a
severe	impact	on	our	position	in	these	countries	and	may	inhibit	our	ability	to	use	the	Tesla	marks	in	these	countries.	If	we	were	prevented	from	using
the	Tesla	marks	in	any	or	all	of	these	countries,	we	would	need	to	expend	significant	additional	financial	and	marketing	resources	on	establishing	an
alternative	brand	identity	in	these	markets.
We	may	be	subject	to	claims	arising	from	an	airplane	crash	in	which	three	of	our	employees	died.
In	February	2010,	three	of	our	employees	died	in	a	crash	of	an	airplane	owned	and	piloted	by	one	of	our	employees.	The	plane	crashed	in	a
neighborhood	in	East	Palo	Alto,	California.	The	plane	also	clipped	an	electrical	tower,	causing	a	power	loss	and	business	interruption	in	parts	of	Palo
Alto,	including	Stanford	University.	The	cause	of	the	accident	is	under	investigation	by	the	National	Transportation	Safety	Board.
In	November	2010,	a	case	was	filed	against	us	relating	to	the	crash	in	California	Superior	Court.	In	that	case,	plaintiffs	allege	claims	for
negligence,	negligent	infliction	of	emotional	distress,	trespass,	and	violations	of	federal	and	state	aviation	laws	and	regulations	against	all	defendants,
and	seek	compensation	for	real	property	damage	and	loss	of	use,	as	well	as	personal	property	and	emotional	distress/bodily	injury	claims.	In	December
2010,	the	plaintiffs	settled	claims	for	real	property	damage	but	retained	their	claims	for	emotional	distress,	bodily	injury	and	personal	property	damage.
We	believe	that	these	remaining	claims	are	covered	by	insurance.
As	a	result	of	the	accident,	other	claims,	including	but	not	limited	to	those	arising	from	loss	of	or	damage	to	personal	property,	business
interruption	losses	or	damage	to	the	electrical	tower	and	surrounding	area,	may	be	asserted	against	various	parties	including	us.	The	time	and	attention
of	our	management	may	also	be	diverted	in	defending	such	claims.	We	may	also	incur	costs	both	in	defending	against	any	claims	and	for	any	judgments
if	such	claims	are	adversely	determined.
Our	facilities	or	operations	could	be	damaged	or	adversely	affected	as	a	result	of	disasters	or	unpredictable	events.
Our	corporate	headquarters	in	Palo	Alto	and	Tesla	Factory	in	Fremont	are	located	in	Northern	California,	a	region	known	for	seismic	activity.	If
major	disasters	such	as	earthquakes,	fires,	floods,	hurricanes,	wars,	terrorist	attacks,	computer	viruses,	pandemics	or	other	events	occur,	or	our
information	system	or	communications	network	breaks	down	or	operates	improperly,	our	headquarters	and	production	facilities	may	be	seriously
damaged,	or	we	may	have	to	stop	or	delay	production	and	shipment	of	our	products.	In	addition,	our	lease	for	our	Palo	Alto	facility	permits	the	landlord
to	terminate	the	lease	following	a	casualty	event	if	the	needed	repairs	are	in	excess	of	certain	thresholds	and	we	do	not	agree	to	pay	for	any	uninsured
amounts.	We	may	incur	expenses	relating	to	such	damages,	which	could	have	a	material	adverse	impact	on	our	business,	operating	results	and	financial
condition.
If	our	suppliers	fail	to	use	ethical	business	practices	and	comply	with	applicable	laws	and	regulations,	our	brand	image	could	be
harmed	due	to	negative	publicity.
Our	core	values,	which	include	developing	the	highest	quality	electric	vehicles	while	operating	with	integrity,	are	an	important	component	of	our
brand	image,	which	makes	our	reputation	particularly	sensitive	to
	
57Table	of	Contents
allegations	of	unethical	business	practices.	We	do	not	control	our	independent	suppliers	or	their	business	practices.	Accordingly,	we	cannot	guarantee
their	compliance	with	ethical	business	practices,	such	as	environmental	responsibility,	fair	wage	practices,	appropriate	sourcing	of	raw	materials,	and
compliance	with	child	labor	laws,	among	others.	A	lack	of	demonstrated	compliance	could	lead	us	to	seek	alternative	suppliers,	which	could	increase
our	costs	and	result	in	delayed	delivery	of	our	products,	product	shortages	or	other	disruptions	of	our	operations.
Violation	of	labor	or	other	laws	by	our	suppliers	or	the	divergence	of	an	independent	supplier​s	labor	or	other	practices	from	those	generally
accepted	as	ethical	in	the	United	States	or	other	markets	in	which	we	do	business	could	also	attract	negative	publicity	for	us	and	our	brand.	This	could
diminish	the	value	of	our	brand	image	and	reduce	demand	for	our	performance	electric	vehicles	if,	as	a	result	of	such	violation,	we	were	to	attract
negative	publicity.	If	we,	or	other	manufacturers	in	our	industry,	encounter	similar	problems	in	the	future,	it	could	harm	our	brand	image,	business,
prospects,	financial	condition	and	operating	results.
We	are	obligated	to	develop	and	maintain	proper	and	effective	internal	control	over	financial	reporting.	We	may	not	complete	our
analysis	of	our	internal	control	over	financial	reporting	in	a	timely	manner,	or	these	internal	controls	may	not	be	determined	to	be
effective,	which	may	adversely	affect	investor	confidence	in	our	company	and,	as	a	result,	the	value	of	our	common	stock.
We	are	required,	pursuant	to	Section	404	of	the	Sarbanes-Oxley	Act,	to	furnish	a	report	by	management	on,	among	other	things,	the	effectiveness
of	our	internal	control	over	financial	reporting.	This	assessment	includes	disclosure	of	any	material	weaknesses	identified	by	our	management	in	our
internal	control	over	financial	reporting,	as	well	as	a	statement	that	our	independent	registered	public	accounting	firm	has	issued	an	attestation	report
on	the	effectiveness	of	our	internal	control	over	financial	reporting.
Complying	with	Section	404	requires	a	rigorous	compliance	program	as	well	as	adequate	time	and	resources.	As	a	result	of	developing,	improving
and	expanding	our	core	information	technology	systems	as	well	as	implementing	new	systems	to	support	our	sales,	engineering,	supply	chain	and
manufacturing	activities,	all	of	which	require	significant	management	time	and	support,	we	may	not	be	able	to	complete	our	internal	control	evaluation,
testing	and	any	required	remediation	in	a	timely	fashion.	Additionally,	if	we	identify	one	or	more	material	weaknesses	in	our	internal	control	over
financial	reporting,	we	may	be	unable	to	assert	that	our	internal	controls	are	effective.	For	example,	our	management	concluded	that	our	internal
control	over	financial	reporting	was	ineffective	as	of	December	31,	2012	because	a	material	weakness	existed	in	our	internal	control	over	financial
reporting	related	to	the	presentation	and	disclosure	of	non-cash	capital	expenditures	in	our	consolidated	statements	of	cash	flows.	If	we	are	unable	to
assert	that	our	internal	control	over	financial	reporting	is	effective,	or	if	our	independent	registered	public	accounting	firm	is	unable	to	express	an
opinion	on	the	effectiveness	of	our	internal	controls,	we	could	lose	investor	confidence	in	the	accuracy	and	completeness	of	our	financial	reports,	which
would	have	a	material	adverse	effect	on	the	price	of	our	common	stock.
Risks	Related	to	the	Ownership	of	our	Common	Stock
Concentration	of	ownership	among	our	existing	executive	officers,	directors	and	their	affiliates	may	prevent	new	investors	from
influencing	significant	corporate	decisions.
As	of	December	31,	2012,	our	executive	officers,	directors	and	their	affiliates	beneficially	owned,	in	the	aggregate,	approximately	35.0%	of	our
outstanding	shares	of	common	stock.	In	particular,	Elon	Musk,	our	Chief	Executive	Officer,	Product	Architect	and	Chairman	of	our	Board	of	Directors,
beneficially	owned	approximately	27.5%	of	our	outstanding	shares	of	common	stock	as	of	December	31,	2012.	As	a	result,	these	stockholders	will	be
able	to	exercise	a	significant	level	of	control	over	all	matters	requiring	stockholder	approval,	including	the	election	of	directors,	amendment	of	our
certificate	of	incorporation	and	approval	of	significant	corporate	transactions.	This	control	could	have	the	effect	of	delaying	or	preventing	a	change	of
control	of	our	company	or	changes	in	management	and	will	make	the	approval	of	certain	transactions	difficult	or	impossible	without	the	support	of
these	stockholders.
	
58Table	of	Contents
The	trading	price	of	our	common	stock	is	likely	to	continue	to	be	volatile.
Our	shares	of	common	stock	began	trading	on	the	Nasdaq	Global	Select	Market	on	June	29,	2010	and	therefore,	the	trading	history	for	our
common	stock	has	been	limited.	In	addition,	the	trading	price	of	our	common	stock	has	been	highly	volatile	and	could	continue	to	be	subject	to	wide
fluctuations	in	response	to	various	factors,	some	of	which	are	beyond	our	control.	Our	common	stock	has	experienced	an	intra-day	trading	high	of
$40.00	per	share	and	a	low	of	$25.52	per	share	over	the	last	52	weeks.
In	addition,	the	stock	market	in	general,	and	the	market	for	technology	companies	in	particular,	has	experienced	extreme	price	and	volume
fluctuations	that	have	often	been	unrelated	or	disproportionate	to	the	operating	performance	of	those	companies.	Broad	market	and	industry	factors
may	seriously	affect	the	market	price	of	companies​	stock,	including	ours,	regardless	of	actual	operating	performance.	These	fluctuations	may	be	even
more	pronounced	in	the	trading	market	for	our	stock	during	the	period	following	a	securities	offering.	In	addition,	in	the	past,	following	periods	of
volatility	in	the	overall	market	and	the	market	price	of	a	particular	company​s	securities,	securities	class	action	litigation	has	often	been	instituted
against	these	companies.	This	litigation,	if	instituted	against	us,	could	result	in	substantial	costs	and	a	diversion	of	our	management​s	attention	and
resources.
A	majority	of	our	total	outstanding	shares	are	held	by	insiders	and	may	be	sold	in	the	near	future.	The	large	number	of	shares	eligible
for	public	sale	or	subject	to	rights	requiring	us	to	register	them	for	public	sale	could	depress	the	market	price	of	our	common	stock.
The	market	price	of	our	common	stock	could	decline	as	a	result	of	sales	of	a	large	number	of	shares	of	our	common	stock	in	the	market	in	the
future,	and	the	perception	that	these	sales	could	occur	may	also	depress	the	market	price	of	our	common	stock.	Stockholders	owning	a	majority	of	our
total	outstanding	shares	are	entitled,	under	contracts	providing	for	registration	rights,	to	require	us	to	register	shares	of	our	common	stock	owned	by
them	for	public	sale	in	the	United	States,	subject	to	the	restrictions	of	Rule	144.	In	addition,	we	have	registered	shares	previously	issued	or	reserved	for
future	issuance	under	our	equity	compensation	plans	and	agreements,	a	portion	of	which	are	related	to	outstanding	option	awards.	Subject	to	the
satisfaction	of	applicable	exercise	periods	and,	in	certain	cases,	lock-up	agreements,	the	shares	of	common	stock	issued	upon	exercise	of	outstanding
options	will	be	available	for	immediate	resale	in	the	United	States	in	the	open	market.	Sales	of	our	common	stock	as	restrictions	end	or	pursuant	to
registration	rights	may	make	it	more	difficult	for	us	to	sell	equity	securities	in	the	future	at	a	time	and	at	a	price	that	we	deem	appropriate.	These	sales
also	could	cause	our	stock	price	to	fall	and	make	it	more	difficult	for	you	to	sell	shares	of	our	common	stock.
Mr.	Musk	borrowed	funds	from	an	affiliate	of	our	underwriter	in	our	public	offering	in	2011	and	pledged	shares	of	our	common	stock
to	secure	this	borrowing.	The	forced	sale	of	these	shares	pursuant	to	a	margin	call	could	cause	our	stock	price	to	decline	and
negatively	impact	our	business.
In	June	2011,	Goldman	Sachs	Bank	USA,	an	affiliate	of	Goldman,	Sachs	&	Co.,	made	a	loan	in	the	amount	of	$35	million	to	Elon	Musk	and	the
Elon	Musk	Revocable	Trust	dated	July	22,	2003,	or	the	Trust.	Interest	on	the	loan	accrues	at	market	rates.	Goldman	Sachs	Bank	USA	received
customary	fees	and	expense	reimbursements	in	connection	with	this	loan.	Goldman	Sachs	Bank	USA	made	additional	extensions	of	credit	in	an
aggregate	amount	of	$50	million	to	Elon	Musk	and	the	Trust	and	Mr.	Musk	used	a	portion	of	the	proceeds	of	such	loans	to	purchase	shares	in	our	June
2011	private	placement.	Interest	on	the	loans	will	accrue	at	market	rates.	Goldman	Sachs	Bank	USA	received	customary	fees	and	expense
reimbursements	in	connection	with	these	loans.	As	a	regulated	entity,	Goldman	Sachs	Bank	USA	makes	decisions	regarding	making	and	managing	its
loans	independent	of	Goldman,	Sachs	&	Co.	Mr.	Musk	and	Goldman	have	a	long-standing	relationship	of	almost	a	decade.	We	are	not	a	party	to	these
loans,	which	are	full	recourse	against	Mr.	Musk	and	the	Trust	and	are	secured	by	a	pledge	of	a	portion	of	the	Tesla	common	stock	currently	owned	by
Mr.	Musk	and	the	Trust	and	other	shares	of	capital	stock	of	unrelated	entities	owned	by	Mr.	Musk	and	the	Trust.	The	terms	of	these	loans	were
negotiated	directly	between	Mr.	Musk	and	Goldman	Sachs	Bank	USA.
	
59Table	of	Contents
If	the	price	of	our	common	stock	declines,	Mr.	Musk	may	be	forced	by	Goldman	Sachs	Bank	USA	to	provide	additional	collateral	for	the	loans	or
to	sell	shares	of	Tesla	common	stock	in	order	to	remain	within	the	margin	limitations	imposed	under	the	terms	of	his	loans.	The	loans	between	Goldman
Sachs	Bank	USA	and	Mr.	Musk	and	the	Trust	prohibit	the	non-pledged	shares	currently	owned	by	Mr.	Musk	and	the	Trust	from	being	pledged	to	secure
other	loans.	In	addition,	our	DOE	Loan	Facility	requires	Mr.	Musk	and	certain	of	his	affiliates,	until	one	year	after	we	complete	the	project	relating	to
the	Model	S	Facility,	to	own	at	least	65%	of	the	Tesla	capital	stock	held	by	them	as	of	the	date	of	the	DOE	Loan	Facility,	and	a	failure	to	comply	would
be	an	event	of	default	that	could	result	in	an	acceleration	of	all	obligations	under	the	DOE	Loan	Facility	documents	and	the	exercise	of	other	remedies
by	the	DOE.	These	factors	may	limit	Mr.	Musk​s	ability	to	either	pledge	additional	shares	of	Tesla	common	stock	or	sell	shares	of	Tesla	common	stock	as
a	means	to	avoid	or	satisfy	a	margin	call	with	respect	to	his	pledged	Tesla	common	stock	in	the	event	of	a	decline	in	our	stock	price	that	is	large	enough
to	trigger	a	margin	call.	Any	sales	of	common	stock	following	a	margin	call	that	is	not	satisfied	may	cause	the	price	of	our	common	stock	to	decline
further.
Anti-takeover	provisions	contained	in	our	certificate	of	incorporation	and	bylaws,	as	well	as	provisions	of	Delaware	law,	could	impair	a
takeover	attempt.
Our	certificate	of	incorporation,	bylaws	and	Delaware	law	contain	provisions	which	could	have	the	effect	of	rendering	more	difficult,	delaying	or
preventing	an	acquisition	deemed	undesirable	by	our	board	of	directors.	Our	corporate	governance	documents	include	provisions:
	
	
	
creating	a	classified	board	of	directors	whose	members	serve	staggered	three-year	terms;
	
	
	
authorizing	​blank	check​	preferred	stock,	which	could	be	issued	by	the	board	without	stockholder	approval	and	may	contain	voting,
liquidation,	dividend	and	other	rights	superior	to	our	common	stock;
	
	
	
limiting	the	liability	of,	and	providing	indemnification	to,	our	directors	and	officers;
	
	
	
limiting	the	ability	of	our	stockholders	to	call	and	bring	business	before	special	meetings;
	
	
	
requiring	advance	notice	of	stockholder	proposals	for	business	to	be	conducted	at	meetings	of	our	stockholders	and	for	nominations	of
candidates	for	election	to	our	board	of	directors;
	
	
	
controlling	the	procedures	for	the	conduct	and	scheduling	of	board	and	stockholder	meetings;	and
	
	
	
providing	the	board	of	directors	with	the	express	power	to	postpone	previously	scheduled	annual	meetings	and	to	cancel	previously
scheduled	special	meetings.
These	provisions,	alone	or	together,	could	delay	or	prevent	hostile	takeovers	and	changes	in	control	or	changes	in	our	management.
As	a	Delaware	corporation,	we	are	also	subject	to	provisions	of	Delaware	law,	including	Section	203	of	the	Delaware	General	Corporation	law,
which	prevents	some	stockholders	holding	more	than	15%	of	our	outstanding	common	stock	from	engaging	in	certain	business	combinations	without
approval	of	the	holders	of	substantially	all	of	our	outstanding	common	stock.
Any	provision	of	our	certificate	of	incorporation	or	bylaws	or	Delaware	law	that	has	the	effect	of	delaying	or	deterring	a	change	in	control	could
limit	the	opportunity	for	our	stockholders	to	receive	a	premium	for	their	shares	of	our	common	stock,	and	could	also	affect	the	price	that	some	investors
are	willing	to	pay	for	our	common	stock.
If	securities	or	industry	analysts	publishing	research	or	reports	about	us,	our	business	or	our	market	change	their	recommendations
regarding	our	stock	adversely	or	cease	to	publish	research	or	reports	about	us,	our	stock	price	and	trading	volume	could	decline.
The	trading	market	for	our	common	stock	will	be	influenced	by	the	research	and	reports	that	industry	or	securities	analysts	may	publish	about	us,
our	business,	our	market	or	our	competitors.	If	any	of	the	analysts	who	may	cover	us	change	their	recommendation	regarding	our	stock	adversely,	or
provide	more	favorable	relative
	
60Table	of	Contents
recommendations	about	our	competitors,	our	stock	price	would	likely	decline.	If	any	analyst	who	may	cover	us	were	to	cease	coverage	of	our	company
or	fail	to	regularly	publish	reports	on	us,	we	could	lose	visibility	in	the	financial	markets,	which	in	turn	could	cause	our	stock	price	or	trading	volume	to
decline.
We	do	not	expect	to	declare	any	dividends	in	the	foreseeable	future.
We	do	not	anticipate	declaring	any	cash	dividends	to	holders	of	our	common	stock	in	the	foreseeable	future.	Consequently,	investors	may	need	to
rely	on	sales	of	their	common	stock	after	price	appreciation,	which	may	never	occur,	as	the	only	way	to	realize	any	future	gains	on	their	investment.
Investors	seeking	cash	dividends	should	not	purchase	our	common	stock.
	
ITEM	1B.
UNRESOLVED	STAFF	COMMENTS
None.
	
ITEM	2.
PROPERTIES
Our	corporate	headquarters	is	based	in	Palo	Alto,	California.	We	have	a	lease	with	Stanford	University	for	350,000	square	feet	which	expires	in
January	2020	and	houses	our	headquarters	and	powertrain	activities.	In	May	2010,	we	entered	into	an	agreement	to	purchase	an	existing	automobile
production	facility	located	in	Fremont,	California	from	NUMMI,	which	is	a	joint	venture	between	Toyota,	and	Motors	Liquidation	Company,	the	owner	of
selected	assets	of	General	Motors.	In	October	2010,	we	completed	the	purchase	and	received	title	to	the	facility	and	land	(Tesla	Factory).	The	total	cash
paid	was	$42.0	million.	The	purchase	totaled	210	acres,	or	approximately	55%	of	the	land	at	the	site,	and	included	all	of	the	manufacturing	facilities
located	thereon	totaling	approximately	5.4	million	square	feet.	We	are	required	to	comply	with	environmental	regulations	in	connection	with	our	Tesla
Factory	in	Fremont,	California.	In	October	2010,	we	and	NUMMI	amended	the	May	2010	purchase	agreement	to	include	the	transfer	to	us	of	certain
operating	permits,	or	emission	credits,	for	additional	consideration	of	$6.5	million.	We	completed	the	transfer	of	these	permits	in	October	2010.	We
commenced	the	production	of	our	Model	S	vehicle	and	powertrain	components	and	systems	in	June	2012	at	Tesla	Factory.	We	also	intend	to	build	our
future	vehicles	at	Tesla	Factory.
Outside	of	our	Tesla	Factory,	we	do	not	currently	own	any	of	our	facilities.	The	following	table	sets	forth	the	location,	approximate	size	and
primary	use	of	our	significant	leased	facilities:
	
Location	(1)
		
Approximate
Size		(Building)
in	Square	Feet
	
		
Primary	Use
		
Lease
Expiration
Date
Palo	Alto,	California
		
	
350,000
		
		
Administration,	engineering	services	and	powertrain
development	services
		
January	2020
Hawthorne,	California
		
	
132,250
		
		
Vehicle	engineering	and	design	services
		
December	2022
Maidenhead,	United	Kingdom
		
	
8,870
		
		
Administration,	sales,	service	and	marketing	services
		
November	2015
Tilburg,	Netherlands
		
	
203,772
		
		
Administration,	engineering	services,	powertrain
development	services,	parts	warehousing,	final
vehicle	assembly	and	vehicle	service
		
November	2023
	
(1)
We	also	lease	a	number	of	facilities	for	our	retail	locations	around	the	world,	most	of	which	are	5,000	square	feet	or	smaller.
We	currently	intend	to	add	new	facilities	or	expand	our	existing	facilities	as	we	add	employees	and	expand	our	network	of	stores	and	galleries,
service	locations	and	Supercharger	sites.	We	believe	that	suitable	additional	or	alternative	space	will	be	available	in	the	future	on	commercially
reasonable	terms	to	accommodate	our	foreseeable	future	expansion.
	
61Table	of	Contents
ITEM	3.
LEGAL	PROCEEDINGS
From	time	to	time,	we	are	subject	to	various	legal	proceedings	that	arise	from	the	normal	course	of	business	activities.	In	addition,	from	time	to
time,	third	parties	may	assert	intellectual	property	infringement	claims	against	us	in	the	form	of	letters	and	other	forms	of	communication.	If	an
unfavorable	ruling	were	to	occur,	there	exists	the	possibility	of	a	material	adverse	impact	on	our	results	of	operations,	prospects,	cash	flows,	financial
position	and	brand.
PART	II
	
ITEM	5.
MARKET	FOR	REGISTRANT​S	COMMON	EQUITY,	RELATED	STOCKHOLDER	MATTERS	AND	ISSUER	PURCHASES	OF	EQUITY
SECURITIES
Market	Information
Our	common	stock	has	traded	on	The	NASDAQ	Global	Select	Market	under	the	symbol	​TSLA​	since	it	began	trading	on	June	29,	2010.	Our	initial
public	offering	was	priced	at	$17.00	per	share	on	June	28,	2010.	The	following	table	sets	forth,	for	the	time	period	indicated,	the	high	and	low	closing
sales	price	of	our	common	stock	as	reported	on	The	NASDAQ	Global	Select	Market.
	
	
		
2012
	
		
2011
	
	
		
High
	
		
Low
	
		
High
	
		
Low
	
First	Quarter
		
$
37.94
		
		
$
22.79
		
		
$
28.71
		
		
$
21.11
		
Second	Quarter
		
	
38.01
		
		
	
27.56
		
		
	
31.50
		
		
	
24.20
		
Third	Quarter
		
	
35.96
		
		
	
26.10
		
		
	
30.44
		
		
	
21.50
		
Fourth	Quarter
		
	
35.28
		
		
	
27.33
		
		
	
35.00
		
		
	
22.93
		
Holders
As	of	January	31,	2013,	there	were	534	holders	of	record	of	our	common	stock.	A	substantially	greater	number	of	holders	of	our	common	stock
are	​street	name​	or	beneficial	holders,	whose	shares	are	held	by	banks,	brokers	and	other	financial	institutions.
Dividend	Policy
We	have	never	declared	or	paid	cash	dividends	on	our	common	stock.	We	currently	do	not	anticipate	paying	any	cash	dividends	in	the	foreseeable
future.	Any	future	determination	to	declare	cash	dividends	will	be	made	at	the	discretion	of	our	board	of	directors,	subject	to	applicable	laws	and
compliance	with	certain	covenants	under	our	loan	facility	with	the	United	States	Department	of	Energy,	which	restrict	or	limit	our	ability	to	pay
dividends,	and	will	depend	on	our	financial	condition,	results	of	operations,	capital	requirements,	general	business	conditions	and	other	factors	that	our
board	of	directors	may	deem	relevant.
	
62Table	of	Contents
Stock	Performance	Graph
This	performance	graph	shall	not	be	deemed	​filed​	for	purposes	of	Section	18	of	the	Securities	Exchange	Act	of	1934,	as	amended	(the	Exchange
Act),	or	incorporated	by	reference	into	any	filing	of	Tesla	Motors,	Inc.	under	the	Securities	Act	of	1933,	as	amended,	or	the	Exchange	Act,	except	as
shall	be	expressly	set	forth	by	specific	reference	in	such	filing.
The	following	graph	shows	a	comparison	from	June	29,	2010	through	December	31,	2012,	of	the	cumulative	total	return	for	our	common	stock,
the	NASDAQ	Composite	Index,	and	a	group	of	all	public	companies	sharing	the	same	SIC	code	as	us	which	is	SIC	code	3711,	​Motor	Vehicles	and
Passenger	Car	Bodies​	(Motor	Vehicles	and	Passenger	Car	Bodies	Public	Company	Group).	Such	returns	are	based	on	historical	results	and	are	not
intended	to	suggest	future	performance.	Data	for	The	NASDAQ	Composite	Index	and	the	Motor	Vehicles	and	Passenger	Car	Bodies	Public	Company
Group	assumes	an	investment	of	$100	on	June	29,	2010	and	reinvestment	of	dividends.	We	have	never	declared	or	paid	cash	dividends	on	our	capital
stock	nor	do	we	anticipate	paying	any	such	cash	dividends	in	the	foreseeable	future.
	
Unregistered	Sales	of	Equity	Securities
On	July	2,	2010,	we	sold	2,941,176	shares	of	our	common	stock	to	Toyota	Motor	Corporation	at	a	price	of	$17.00	per	share,	for	aggregate
proceeds	of	$50.0	million.
On	November	2,	2010,	we	sold	1,418,573	shares	of	our	common	stock	to	an	entity	affiliated	with	Panasonic	Corporation	at	a	price	of	$21.148	per
share,	for	aggregate	proceeds	of	$30.0	million.
On	June	2,	2011,	we	sold	1,416,000	shares	of	our	common	stock	to	Elon	Musk,	our	Chief	Executive	Officer	and	cofounder,	and	637,475	shares	of
our	common	stock	to	Blackstar	InvestCo	LLC,	an	affiliate	of	Daimler	AG	(Daimler)	at	a	price	of	$28.76	per	share,	for	aggregate	proceeds	of	$59.1
million.
The	shares	described	above	were	issued	in	private	transactions	pursuant	to	Section	4(2)	of	the	Securities	Act	of	1933,	as	amended.
Purchases	of	Equity	Securities	by	the	Issuer	and	Affiliated	Purchasers
None.
	
63Table	of	Contents
ITEM	6.
SELECTED	FINANCIAL	DATA
The	following	selected	consolidated	financial	data	should	be	read	in	conjunction	with	​Management​s	Discussion	and	Analysis	of	Financial
Condition	and	Results	of	Operations​	and	our	consolidated	financial	statements	and	the	related	notes	included	elsewhere	in	this	Annual	Report	on	Form
10-K.
The	following	selected	consolidated	financial	data	table	also	reflects	the	1-for-3	reverse	stock	split	of	our	outstanding	common	stock	effected	in
May	2010.
	
	
	
Year	Ended	December	31,
	
	
	
2012
	
	
2011
	
	
2010
	
	
2009
	
	
2008
	
	
	
(in	thousands,	except	share	and	per	share	data)
	
Consolidated	Statements	of	Operations	Data:
	
	
	
	
	
Revenues:
	
	
	
	
	
Automotive	sales
	
$
385,699
		
	
$
148,568
		
	
$
97,078
		
	
$
111,943
		
	
$
14,742
		
Development	services
	
	
27,557
		
	
	
55,674
		
	
	
19,666
		
	
	
​			
		
	
	
​			
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Total	revenues
	
	
413,256
		
	
	
204,242
		
	
	
116,744
		
	
	
111,943
		
	
	
14,742
		
Cost	of	revenues	(1):
	
	
	
	
	
Automotive	sales
	
	
371,658
		
	
	
115,482
		
	
	
79,982
		
	
	
102,408
		
	
	
15,883
		
Development	services
	
	
11,531
		
	
	
27,165
		
	
	
6,031
		
	
	
​			
		
	
	
​			
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Total	cost	of	revenues
	
	
383,189
		
	
	
142,647
		
	
	
86,013
		
	
	
102,408
		
	
	
15,883
		
Gross	profit	(loss)
	
	
30,067
		
	
	
61,595
		
	
	
30,731
		
	
	
9,535
		
	
	
(1,141
)	
Operating	expenses	(1):
	
	
	
	
	
Research	and	development	(net	of	development
compensation	of	$23,249	for	the	year	ended
December	31,	2009)
	
	
273,978
		
	
	
208,981
		
	
	
92,996
		
	
	
19,282
		
	
	
53,714
		
Selling,	general	and	administrative
	
	
150,372
		
	
	
104,102
		
	
	
84,573
		
	
	
42,150
		
	
	
23,649
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Total	operating	expenses
	
	
424,350
		
	
	
313,083
		
	
	
177,569
		
	
	
61,432
		
	
	
77,363
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Loss	from	operations
	
	
(394,283
)	
	
	
(251,488
)	
	
	
(146,838
)	
	
	
(51,897
)	
	
	
(78,504
)	
Interest	income
	
	
288
		
	
	
255
		
	
	
258
		
	
	
159
		
	
	
529
		
Interest	expense
	
	
(254
)	
	
	
(43
)	
	
	
(992
)	
	
	
(2,531
)	
	
	
(3,747
)	
Other	expense,	net	(2)
	
	
(1,828
)	
	
	
(2,646
)	
	
	
(6,583
)	
	
	
(1,445
)	
	
	
(963
)	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Loss	before	income	taxes
	
	
(396,077
)	
	
	
(253,922
)	
	
	
(154,155
)	
	
	
(55,714
)	
	
	
(82,685
)	Provision	for	income	taxes
	
	
136
		
	
	
489
		
	
	
173
		
	
	
26
		
	
	
97
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Net	loss
	
$
(396,213
)	
	
$
(254,411
)	
	
$
(154,328
)	
	
$
(55,740
)	
	
$
(82,782
)	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Net	loss	per	share	of	common	stock,	basic	and
diluted	(3)
	
$
(3.69
)	
	
$
(2.53
)	
	
$
(3.04
)	
	
$
(7.94
)	
	
$
(12.46
)	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Weighted	average	shares	used	in	computing	net
loss	per	share	of	common	stock,	basic	and
diluted	(3)
	
	
107,349,188
		
	
	
100,388,815
		
	
	
50,718,302
		
	
	
7,021,963
		
	
	
6,646,387
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
(1)
Includes	stock-based	compensation	expense	as	follows:
	
	
		
Year	Ended	December	31,
	
	
		
2012
	
		
2011
	
		
2010
	
		
2009
	
		
2008
	
Cost	of	revenues
		
$
2,194
		
		
$
670
		
		
$
243
		
		
$
61
		
		
$
26
		
Research	and	development
		
	
26,580
		
		
	
13,377
		
		
	
4,139
		
		
	
376
		
		
	
125
		
Selling,	general	and	administrative
		
	
21,371
		
		
	
15,372
		
		
	
16,774
		
		
	
997
		
		
	
286
		
		
	
	
		
	
	
	
Total
		
$
50,145
		
		
$
29,419
		
		
$
21,156
		
		
$
1,434
		
		
$
437
		
		
	
	
		
	
	
	
	
64Table	of	Contents
(2)
In	January	2010,	we	issued	a	warrant	to	the	Department	of	Energy	(DOE)	in	connection	with	the	closing	of	our	DOE	loan	facility	to	purchase
shares	of	our	Series	E	convertible	preferred	stock.	This	convertible	preferred	stock	warrant	became	a	warrant	to	purchase	shares	of	our	common
stock	upon	the	closing	of	our	initial	public	offering	(IPO)	in	July	2010.	Beginning	on	December	15,	2018	and	until	December	14,	2022,	the	shares
subject	to	purchase	under	the	warrant	will	become	exercisable	in	quarterly	amounts	depending	on	the	average	outstanding	balance	of	our	the
DOE	loan	facility	during	the	prior	quarter.	Since	the	number	of	shares	of	common	stock	ultimately	issuable	under	the	warrant	will	vary,	this
warrant	will	be	carried	at	its	estimated	fair	value	with	changes	in	the	fair	value	of	this	common	stock	warrant	liability	reflected	in	other	expense,
net,	until	its	expiration	or	vesting.	Potential	shares	of	common	stock	issuable	upon	exercise	of	the	DOE	warrant	will	be	excluded	from	the
calculation	of	diluted	net	loss	per	share	of	common	stock	until	at	least	such	time	as	we	generate	a	net	profit	in	a	given	period.
(3)
Diluted	net	loss	per	share	of	common	stock	is	computed	excluding	common	stock	subject	to	repurchase,	and,	if	dilutive,	potential	shares	of
common	stock	outstanding	during	the	period.	Potential	shares	of	common	stock	consist	of	stock	options	to	purchase	shares	of	our	common	stock
and	warrants	to	purchase	shares	of	our	convertible	preferred	stock	(using	the	treasury	stock	method)	and	the	conversion	of	our	convertible
preferred	stock	and	convertible	notes	payable	(using	the	if-converted	method).	For	purposes	of	these	calculations,	potential	shares	of	common
stock	have	been	excluded	from	the	calculation	of	diluted	net	loss	per	share	of	common	stock	as	their	effect	is	antidilutive	since	we	generated	a
net	loss	in	each	period.
	
	
		
As	of	December	31,
	
	
		
2012
	
	
2011
	
		
2010
	
		
2009
	
	
2008
	
Consolidated	Balance	Sheet	Data:
		
	
		
		
	
Cash	and	cash	equivalents
		
$
201,890
		
	
	
255,266
		
		
$
99,558
		
		
$
69,627
		
	
$
9,277
		
Short-term	marketable	securities
		
	
​			
		
	
	
25,061
		
		
	
​			
		
		
	
​			
		
	
	
​			
		
Restricted	cash​current	(1)
		
	
19,094
		
	
	
23,476
		
		
	
73,597
		
		
	
​			
		
	
	
​			
		
Property,	plant	and	equipment,	net	(2)
		
	
552,229
		
	
	
298,414
		
		
	
114,636
		
		
	
23,535
		
	
	
18,793
		
Working	capital	(deficit)
		
	
(14,340
)	
	
	
181,499
		
		
	
150,321
		
		
	
43,070
		
	
	
(56,508
)	
Total	assets
		
	
1,114,190
		
	
	
713,448
		
		
	
386,082
		
		
	
130,424
		
	
	
51,699
		
Convertible	preferred	stock	warrant	liability	(3)
		
	
​			
		
	
	
​			
		
		
	
​			
		
		
	
1,734
		
	
	
2,074
		
Common	stock	warrant	liability	(3)
		
	
10,692
		
	
	
8,838
		
		
	
6,088
		
		
	
​			
		
	
	
​			
		
Capital	lease	obligations,	less	current	portion
		
	
9,965
		
	
	
2,830
		
		
	
496
		
		
	
800
		
	
	
888
		
Long-term	debt,	less	current	portion	(4)
		
	
401,495
		
	
	
268,335
		
		
	
71,828
		
		
	
​			
		
	
	
​			
		
Convertible	preferred	stock
		
	
​			
		
	
	
​			
		
		
	
​			
		
		
	
319,225
		
	
	
101,178
		
Total	stockholders​	equity	(deficit)
		
	
124,700
		
	
	
224,045
		
		
	
207,048
		
		
	
(253,523
)	
	
	
(199,714
)	
	
(1)
Upon	the	completion	of	our	IPO	and	concurrent	Toyota	private	placement	in	July	2010,	we	set	aside	$100.0	million	to	fund	a	restricted	dedicated
account	as	required	under	the	provisions	of	our	DOE	loan	facility.	This	dedicated	account	has	been	used	by	us	to	fund	any	cost	overruns	for	our
projects	and	used	as	a	mechanism	to	defer	advances	under	the	DOE	loan	facility.	Depending	on	the	timing	and	magnitude	of	our	draw-downs	and
the	funding	requirements	of	the	dedicated	account,	the	balance	of	the	dedicated	account	has	fluctuated	throughout	the	period	in	which	we	made
draw-downs	under	the	DOE	loan	facility.	Upon	completion	of	our	final	advance	under	the	DOE	loan	facility	in	August	2012,	the	balance	in	the
dedicated	account	had	been	fully	transferred	out	of	the	dedicated	account.	Currently,	we	utilize	the	dedicated	account	to	pre-fund	our	planned
loan	repayments	as	required	by	the	DOE	loan	facility.
(2)
In	October	2010,	we	completed	the	purchase	of	our	Tesla	Factory	and	certain	of	the	manufacturing	assets	located	thereon.
(3)
In	January	2010,	we	issued	a	warrant	to	the	DOE	in	connection	with	the	closing	of	our	DOE	loan	facility	to	purchase	shares	of	our	Series	E
convertible	preferred	stock.	This	convertible	preferred	stock	warrant	became	a	warrant	to	purchase	shares	of	our	common	stock	upon	the	closing
of	our	IPO	in	July	2010.
(4)
In	January	2010,	we	closed	our	DOE	loan	facility	and	began	making	draw	downs	under	the	loan	facility	As	of	August	31,	2012,	we	had	fully	drawn
down	our	$465.0	million	DOE	loan	facility.
	65Table	of	Contents
ITEM	7.
MANAGEMENT​S	DISCUSSION	AND	ANALYSIS	OF	FINANCIAL	CONDITION	AND	RESULTS	OF	OPERATIONS
The	following	discussion	and	analysis	should	be	read	in	conjunction	with	our	consolidated	financial	statements	and	the	related	notes	that	appear
elsewhere	in	this	Annual	Report	on	Form	10-K.
Overview	and	2012	Highlights
We	design,	develop,	manufacture	and	sell	high-performance	fully	electric	vehicles	and	advanced	electric	vehicle	powertrain	components.	We
introduced	our	first	vehicle,	the	Tesla	Roadster,	in	early	2008.	The	Roadster​s	proprietary	electric	vehicle	powertrain	system	is	the	foundation	of	our
powertrain	technology	and,	with	design	enhancements,	forms	the	basis	for	our	Model	S	sedan,	our	Model	X	crossover	and	other	future	vehicles.	We	are
targeting	our	second	vehicle,	the	Model	S	sedan,	for	a	significantly	broader	customer	base	than	the	Tesla	Roadster	and	are	manufacturing	Model	S	in
significantly	higher	volumes	than	those	for	the	Tesla	Roadster.	We	commenced	deliveries	of	Model	S	in	June	2012	and	increased	production	to	an
annualized	rate	of	20,000	per	year	by	the	end	of	2012.	In	February	2012,	we	revealed	an	early	prototype	of	the	Model	X	crossover,	a	vehicle	based	on
the	Model	S	platform.	We	plan	to	start	Model	X	production	in	late	2014.	We	sell	our	vehicles	through	our	own	our	sales	and	service	network.
During	the	year	ended	December	31,	2012,	we	recognized	total	revenues	of	$413.3	million,	an	increase	of	102%	over	total	revenues	of	$204.2
million	for	the	year	ended	December	31,	2011.	Automotive	sales	revenue	of	$385.7	million	increased	160%	from	the	year	ended	December	31,	2011,
driven	by	commencement	of	Model	S	deliveries	in	North	America,	regulatory	credit	sales	and	customer	demand	for	our	remaining	Tesla	Roadsters
internationally,	partially	offset	by	lower	powertrain	component	sales.	Lower	powertrain	component	sales	resulted	from	the	completion	of	the	Daimler
AG	(Daimler)	Smart	fortwo	and	A-Class	EV	programs	at	the	end	of	2011,	partially	offset	by	powertrain	systems	that	we	began	to	sell	to	Toyota	for	the
Toyota	RAV4	EV	in	2012.
Development	services	revenue	decreased	to	$27.6	million	for	the	year	ended	December	31,	2012	from	$55.7	million	for	the	year	ended
December	31,	2011,	due	primarily	to	the	completion	of	our	development	activities	for	the	Toyota	RAV4	EV	program	during	the	first	quarter	of	2012.	In
2012,	we	began	work	on	a	full	electric	powertrain	under	the	Mercedes-Benz	B-Class	EV	program.	The	majority	of	our	2012	development	services
revenue	was	from	the	achievement	of	milestones	and	deliveries	of	prototype	samples	to	Daimler	under	this	program.
In	June	2012,	we	commenced	deliveries	of	Model	S	to	customers	in	the	United	States.	Our	timely	launch	of	Model	S	represented	an	important
milestone,	transitioning	us	from	significant	activities	in	Model	S	development	and	our	preparation	for	vehicle	manufacturing	at	the	Tesla	Factory,	to	the
process	of	ramping	up	for	volume	production	in	the	months	that	followed.	Gross	margin	for	the	year	ended	December	31,	2012	was	7.3%.	Although	we
produced	over	3,100	Model	S	vehicles	during	the	year,	we	still	experienced	significant	early-stage	higher	per	unit	costs	inefficiencies	during	the
production	ramp	from	June	to	December	as	a	result	of	lower	fixed	cost	absorption,	manufacturing	inefficiencies	associated	with	the	initial	production
ramp	and	higher	logistics	costs	as	our	supply	chain	processes	continued	to	mature.	We	also	had	higher	component	prices	as	many	vendors	were
supplying	parts	at	production	prices	later	than	planned	due	to	their	own	manufacturing	inefficiencies.
Research	and	development	(R&D)	expenses	included	expenses	related	to	our	Model	S	pre-production	activities,	including	manufacturing
preparedness,	process	validation,	prototype	builds	and	extensive	testing	at	both	the	vehicle	and	component	levels;	development	of	the	Tesla	Factory;
development	and	testing	of	Model	S,	including	activities	to	homologate	Model	S	for	the	rest	of	the	world	and	to	introduce	the	60	kWh	and	40	kWh
battery	pack	options;	development,	design	and	engineering	activities	related	to	Model	X;	and	other	research	and	development	activities.	Research	and
development	expenses	for	the	year	ended	December	31,	2012	were	$274.0	million,	compared	to	$209.0	million	for	the	year	ended	December	31,	2011.
As	the	Model	S	production	in	the	Tesla	Factory	became	fully	operational	in	2012,	Model	S	related	manufacturing	costs,	including	direct	parts,	material
and	labor	costs,	manufacturing	overhead	and	amortized	tooling,	and	logistics,	were	no	longer	captured	in	R&D	expenses	but	instead	fully	reflected	in
cost	of	automotive	sales.
	
66Table	of	Contents
Significant	construction	activity	took	place	in	2012	as	we	readied	the	Tesla	Factory	to	begin	production	of	the	Model	S.	During	the	first	half	of	the
year,	we	completed	the	installation	of	Model	S	manufacturing	equipment,	tested	and	qualified	our	manufacturing	equipment,	and	continued	to	fine-tune
our	production	processes	while	incorporating	a	higher	percentage	of	production-intent	components	into	Model	S	vehicles.	By	mid-year,	a	significant
portion	of	our	Model	S	manufacturing-related	assets	were	ready	for	their	intended	use	and	we	began	to	depreciate	these	assets.	As	a	result	of
investments	made	in	the	Tesla	Factory	and	related	supplier	tooling	for	Model	S,	capital	expenditures	increased	to	$239.2	million	for	the	year	ended
December	31,	2012,	compared	to	$184.2	million	for	the	year	ended	December	31,	2011.
During	the	year,	we	further	expanded	our	company-owned	retail	network	with	the	opening	of	several	more	stores	and	service	centers,	primarily	in
the	United	States.	At	year	end,	we	had	32	stores	and	galleries	around	the	world.	We	also	successfully	launched	our	Supercharger	network	in	California
as	well	as	our	first	two	Superchargers	on	the	east	coast.	With	the	higher	expenses	associated	with	the	expansion	of	our	store	network	and	service
infrastructure	as	well	as	the	growth	of	our	business	in	general,	we	incurred	selling,	general	and	administrative	expenses	of	$150.4	million	for	the	year
ended	December	31,	2012,	compared	to	$104.1	million	for	the	year	ended	December	31,	2011.
We	ended	the	year	with	$221.0	million	in	cash	and	cash	equivalents,	and	current	restricted	cash.	In	addition	to	cash	received	from	our	revenue
generating	and	reservation-taking	activities,	we	funded	our	operations	in	2012	primarily	from	the	proceeds	of	our	follow-on	offering,	fully	drawing	down
our	Department	of	Energy	Loan	Facility	(DOE	Loan	Facility)	as	well	as	careful	working	capital	management.
In	October	2012,	we	completed	a	follow-on	offering	of	7,964,601	shares	of	our	common	stock	and	received	cash	proceeds	of	$222.1	million	from
this	transaction,	net	of	underwriting	discounts	(which	included	35,398	shares	sold	to	Elon	Musk,	our	Chief	Executive	Officer	and	cofounder,	for	an
aggregate	amount	of	$1.0	million).
During	the	year	ended	December	31,	2012,	we	received	$188.8	million	in	draw-downs	under	the	DOE	Loan	Facility,	which	completed	our	draw
down	of	the	$465.0	million	facility.	During	the	fourth	quarter,	we	made	the	first	quarterly	principal	payment	of	$12.7	million	to	repay	the	loans	to	the
DOE	on	schedule.	Additionally,	we	had	set	aside	$14.6	million	for	our	second	quarterly	DOE	payment,	which	is	due	in	March	2013	and	is	classified	in
current	restricted	cash.	In	March	2013,	we	entered	into	a	fourth	amendment	of	our	DOE	Loan	Facility.	For	more	information,	see	Note	8	to	our
Consolidated	Financial	Statements	included	in	this	Annual	Report	on	Form	10-K	under	Item	8.	Financial	Statements	and	Supplemental	Data.
We	expect	that	our	current	sources	of	liquidity	together	with	our	current	projections	of	cash	flow	from	operating	activities,	will	provide	us
adequate	liquidity	as	we	attempt	to	reach	profitability	in	2013,	based	on	our	current	plans.	Additionally,	we	currently	expect	to	be	near	break-even	on
cash	flow	from	operations	during	the	first	quarter	of	2013.
Management	Opportunities,	Challenges	and	Risks
Our	principal	focus	in	2012	was	on	completing	the	development	of	Model	S,	establishing	our	manufacturing	capabilities	at	the	Tesla	Factory,
launching	Model	S	and	ramping	up	the	production	rate.	While	we	successfully	commenced	deliveries	of	Model	S	to	customers	in	the	United	States	in
June	2012,	our	attention	during	the	second	half	of	2012	switched	to	the	continued	refinement	of	our	manufacturing	and	supply	chain	processes	to
enable	high	volume	production	at	the	Tesla	Factory	while	maintaining	high	quality	standards.	By	year	end,	we	had	successfully	increased	production
volume	to	over	400	vehicles	per	week	for	three	consecutive	weeks	in	December.	This	established	a	production	level	that	will	allow	us	to	achieve	our
goal	of	20,000	Model	S	deliveries	in	2013,	provided	that	we	also	ramp	deliveries	to	the	same	rate.
Having	achieved	our	steady-state	production	level	in	2012,	we	expect	automotive	sales	to	increase	significantly	in	2013	as	compared	with	2012.
We	plan	to	start	European	deliveries	of	the	Model	S	this	summer
	
67Table	of	Contents
and	Asian	deliveries	later	in	2013.	In	addition,	we	have	now	started	delivering	Model	S	with	the	60	kWh	battery	pack	and	delivery	of	cars	with	the	40
kWh	battery	pack	is	expected	to	begin	this	summer.
We	offer	a	variety	of	methods	by	which	customers	can	take	delivery	of	their	Model	S,	including	delivery	at	home	or	at	the	Tesla	Factory.	In	order
to	ramp	deliveries	of	Model	S	to	meet	our	forecasted	sales,	we	have	made	and	will	continue	to	make	enhancements	to	the	delivery	process.	Should
these	delivery	process	enhancements	not	achieve	our	objectives,	the	timing	of	automotive	sales	recognition	will	be	delayed	and	will	have	a	significant
impact	on	the	projected	growth	in	our	revenues.
In	addition	to	sales	of	Model	S,	we	will	continue	to	recognize	automotive	sales	from	our	supply	of	powertrain	components	and	systems	to	Toyota
for	the	Toyota	RAV4	EV,	and	to	a	lesser	extent,	sales	of	the	Tesla	Roadster.	During	the	first	quarter	of	2012,	we	began	shipping	powertrain	systems	to
Toyota	under	a	supply	and	services	agreement	for	the	Toyota	RAV4	EV.	Pursuant	to	the	agreement,	Toyota	will	pay	us	approximately	$100	million	from
2012	through	2014	based	on	our	delivery	of	the	powertrain	systems	for	the	Toyota	RAV4	EV.	In	January	2012,	we	concluded	the	production	run	of	our
current	generation	Tesla	Roadster	at	2,500	vehicles.	As	of	December	31,	2012,	we	had	sold	most	of	our	remaining	Roadsters.
In	2012,	we	began	work	on	a	full	electric	powertrain	under	the	Mercedes-Benz	B-Class	EV	program.	Under	this	program,	we	will	continue	to
provide	development	services	and	deliver	prototype	samples	in	2013.	Similar	to	our	previous	development	services	agreements,	due	to	timing
differences	that	may	arise	between	the	recognition	of	milestone	revenues	and	the	underlying	costs	of	development	services,	the	gross	margin	from	our
development	services	activities	may	vary	from	period	to	period.
Although	we	produced	over	3,100	Model	S	vehicles	in	2012,	we	still	experienced	higher	per	unit	costs	during	the	latter	part	of	the	year	as	a	result
of	lower	fixed	cost	absorption,	manufacturing	inefficiencies	associated	with	the	initial	production	ramp	and	higher	logistics	costs	as	our	supply	chain
processes	continued	to	mature.	We	also	had	higher	component	prices	as	many	vendors	supplied	parts	at	production	prices	later	than	planned	due	to
their	own	manufacturing	inefficiencies.
As	we	enter	2013,	production	efficiency	on	a	per	vehicle	basis	is	improving	substantially	as	we	continue	to	stabilize	and	improve	our	production
processes,	as	further	cost	reduction	efforts	are	undertaken	by	both	us	and	our	suppliers	and	as	we	continue	to	sell	regulatory	credits.	We	expect	first
quarter	material,	labor	and	overhead	costs	to	be	substantially	lower	than	the	fourth	quarter	of	2012,	and	for	this	trend	to	continue	throughout	2013.
We	expect	our	gross	margin	in	the	first	quarter	of	2013	to	exceed	that	in	the	fourth	quarter	of	2012	and	to	continue	to	rise	to	our	target	of	25%	in
the	second	half	of	2013,	despite	an	anticipated	decrease	in	Model	S	average	selling	prices	resulting	from	the	introduction	of	lower	priced	Model	S
battery	variants	and	a	much	lower	contribution	from	regulatory	credit	sales,	partially	offset	by	higher	average	selling	prices	on	international	sales	that
begin	in	the	second	half	and	increase	into	the	fourth	quarter	of	2013.	There	is	no	guarantee	that	we	will	be	able	to	achieve	the	planned	cost	reductions
from	our	various	cost	savings	initiatives,	which	would	negatively	affect	our	ability	to	reach	our	gross	margin	goals.
Longer	term,	regulatory	credit	revenue	should	decline	relative	to	our	automotive	sales	as	we	grow	our	sales	outside	the	United	States	and	earn
fewer	credits	on	the	lower	priced	Model	S	battery	variants	While	we	will	pursue	opportunities	to	monetize	the	credits	we	earn	from	the	sales	of	our
vehicles,	we	do	not	plan	to	rely	on	such	sales	to	be	a	significant	contributor	to	gross	margin,	and	our	business	model	is	not	predicated	on	such
regulatory	credits.	However,	if	we	are	unable	to	sell	regulatory	credits	in	the	short	term,	our	revenues,	gross	margin	and	profitability	would	be
negatively	impacted.
In	February	2012,	we	revealed	an	early	prototype	of	the	Model	X	crossover	as	the	first	vehicle	we	intend	to	develop	by	leveraging	the	Model	S
platform.	We	currently	plan	to	start	production	of	Model	X	in	late	2014.	Our	ability	to	develop	and	introduce	the	Model	X	in	this	timeframe	is	based
partially	on	our	expectations	of
	
68Table	of	Contents
leveraging	the	Model	S	platform.	If	there	is	a	lower	level	of	commonality	between	Model	S	and	Model	X	than	anticipated,	our	future	development	and
tooling	costs	may	exceed	expectations.
At	year	end,	we	had	32	stores	and	galleries	around	the	world.	We	plan	to	open	15	to	20	more	stores	and	galleries	in	2013	with	about	half	the
openings	in	Europe	and	Asia	to	support	our	expansion	into	these	regions	during	the	second	half	of	2013.	Notably,	we	have	already	started	construction
of	our	first	store	in	Beijing,	China	in	preparation	for	its	planned	opening	this	spring.	At	the	end	of	2012,	we	also	had	29	service	locations	around	the
world.	We	plan	to	double	this	number	by	the	end	of	2013	to	keep	pace	with	the	growing	fleet	of	customer	cars.
In	2012,	we	invited	a	large	number	of	reservation	holders	to	configure	their	cars.	Converting	these	reservations	to	firm,	non-refundable	orders
increased	cancellations,	as	expected.	After	deliveries	and	cancellations,	our	net	reservations	as	of	December	31,	2012,	were	over	15,000.	New
reservations	continue	at	a	steady,	although	slower	pace	in	the	first	quarter	of	2013,	as	compared	to	December	2012,	due	in	part	to	the	pull	ahead	of
reservations	into	2012	by	customers	seeking	to	avoid	our	announced	2013	price	increase.	First	quarter	2013	cancellations	are	likely	to	remain	elevated
as	the	remaining	older	reservation	holders	are	invited	to	configure	their	vehicles	within	a	set	timeframe	or	pay	the	higher	price	just	like	new	reservation
holders.
In	2012,	we	successfully	launched	Superchargers	in	California,	and	on	the	east	coast	of	the	United	States.	Construction	planning	is	underway	to
install	additional	Superchargers	in	2013.	Our	plan	is	to	expand	coverage	on	the	U.S.	west	and	east	coasts,	and	around	the	rest	of	the	country.
Through	the	combination	of	improved	gross	margin,	lower	research	and	development	expenses,	as	well	as	measured	spending	to	support	the
expansion	of	our	sales	and	service	infrastructure	and	the	general	growth	of	the	business,	we	expect	to	be	profitable	in	the	first	quarter	of	2013	and
experience	breakeven	cash	flow	from	operations.	The	achievement	of	operational	and	manufacturing	efficiencies	will	drive	some	adjustments	in	our
personnel,	primarily	affecting	contractor	and	temporary	employees.	At	the	same	time,	we	are	continuing	to	hire	and	convert	to	full-time	key	talent
where	required.
In	2013,	we	plan	to	spend	significantly	less	on	capital	expenditures	than	we	did	in	2012,	as	we	have	concluded	the	majority	of	our	investment	in
the	Tesla	Factory	and	Model	S	tooling.	This	reduction	will	be	partially	offset	by	expenditures	related	to	expanding	our	service	and	store	network,
investing	in	new	capital	equipment	and	tooling	to	reduce	variable	costs	and	new	product	development.
Critical	Accounting	Policies	and	Estimates
Our	consolidated	financial	statements	are	prepared	in	accordance	with	accounting	principles	generally	accepted	in	the	United	States.	The
preparation	of	these	consolidated	financial	statements	requires	us	to	make	estimates	and	assumptions	that	affect	the	reported	amounts	of	assets,
liabilities,	revenues,	costs	and	expenses	and	related	disclosures.	We	base	our	estimates	on	historical	experience,	as	appropriate,	and	on	various	other
assumptions	that	we	believe	to	be	reasonable	under	the	circumstances.	Changes	in	the	accounting	estimates	are	reasonably	likely	to	occur	from	period
to	period.	Accordingly,	actual	results	could	differ	significantly	from	the	estimates	made	by	our	management.	We	evaluate	our	estimates	and
assumptions	on	an	ongoing	basis.	To	the	extent	that	there	are	material	differences	between	these	estimates	and	actual	results,	our	future	financial
statement	presentation,	financial	condition,	results	of	operations	and	cash	flows	will	be	affected.	We	believe	that	the	following	critical	accounting
policies	involve	a	greater	degree	of	judgment	and	complexity	than	our	other	accounting	policies.	Accordingly,	these	are	the	policies	we	believe	are	the
most	critical	to	understanding	and	evaluating	our	consolidated	financial	condition	and	results	of	operations.
Revenue	Recognition
Automotive	Sales
We	recognize	automotive	sales	revenue	from	sales	of	Model	S	and	the	Tesla	Roadster,	including	vehicle	options,	accessories	and	destination
charges,	vehicle	service	and	sales	of	regulatory	credits,	such	as	zero	emission	vehicle(ZEV)	and	greenhouse	gas	emission	(GHG)	credits.	We	also
recognize	automotive	sales	revenue	from	the	sales	of	electric	vehicle	powertrain	components	and	systems,	such	as	battery	packs	and	drive	units,	to
other	manufacturers.	We	recognize	revenue	when	(i)	persuasive	evidence	of	an	arrangement	exists;	(ii)	delivery	has	occurred	and	there	are	no
uncertainties	regarding	customer	acceptance;	(iii)	fees	are	fixed	or	determinable;	and	(iv)	collection	is	reasonably	assured.
	
69Table	of	Contents
Automotive	sales	consist	primarily	of	revenue	earned	from	the	sale	of	vehicles.	Sales	or	other	amounts	collected	in	advance	of	meeting	all	of	the
revenue	recognition	criteria	are	not	recognized	in	the	consolidated	statements	of	operations	and	are	instead	recorded	as	deferred	revenue	on	our
consolidated	balance	sheets.	Prior	to	February	2010,	we	did	not	provide	direct	financing	for	the	purchase	of	the	Tesla	Roadster	although	a	third-party
lender	has	provided	financing	arrangements	to	our	customers	in	the	United	States.	Under	these	arrangements	we	have	been	paid	in	full	by	the
customer	at	the	time	of	purchase.	Starting	in	February	2010,	we	began	offering	a	Tesla	Roadster	leasing	program	to	qualified	customers	in	the	United
States.
Automotive	sales	also	consist	of	revenue	earned	from	the	sales	of	vehicle	options,	accessories	and	destination	charges.	While	these	sales	may	take
place	separately	from	a	vehicle	sale,	they	are	often	part	of	one	vehicle	sale	agreement	resulting	in	multiple	element	arrangements.	To	determine	the
appropriate	accounting	for	recognition	of	our	revenue,	we	consider	whether	the	deliverables	specified	in	the	multiple	element	arrangement	should	be
treated	as	separate	units	of	accounting,	and,	if	so,	how	the	price	should	be	allocated	among	the	elements,	when	to	recognize	revenue	for	each	element,
and	the	period	over	which	revenue	should	be	recognized.	We	also	evaluate	whether	a	delivered	item	has	value	on	a	stand-alone	basis	prior	to	delivery	of
the	remaining	items	by	determining	whether	we	have	made	separate	sales	of	such	items	or	whether	the	undelivered	items	are	essential	to	the
functionality	of	the	delivered	items.	Further,	we	assess	whether	we	know	the	fair	value	of	the	undelivered	items,	determined	by	reference	to	stand-alone
sales	of	such	items.
To	date,	we	have	been	able	to	establish	the	fair	value	for	each	of	the	deliverables	within	these	multiple	element	arrangements	because	we	sell
each	of	the	vehicles,	vehicle	accessories	and	options	separately,	outside	of	any	multiple	element	arrangements.	As	each	of	these	items	has	stand	alone
value	to	the	customer,	revenue	from	sales	of	vehicle	accessories	and	options	are	recognized	when	those	specific	items	are	delivered	to	the	customer.
Increased	complexity	to	our	sales	agreements	or	changes	in	our	judgments	and	estimates	regarding	application	of	these	revenue	recognition	guidelines
could	result	in	a	change	in	the	timing	or	amount	of	revenue	recognized	in	future	periods.
For	multiple	deliverable	revenue	arrangements,	we	allocate	revenue	to	each	element	based	on	a	selling	price	hierarchy.	The	selling	price	for	a
deliverable	is	based	on	its	vendor	specific	objective	evidence	(VSOE)	if	available,	third	party	evidence	(TPE)	if	VSOE	is	not	available,	or	estimated
selling	price	if	neither	VSOE	nor	TPE	is	available.	To	date,	we	have	been	able	to	establish	the	fair	value	for	each	of	the	deliverables	within	the	multiple
element	arrangements	because	we	sell	each	of	the	vehicles,	vehicles	accessories	and	options	separately,	outside	of	any	multiple	element	arrangements.
Therefore,	there	were	no	material	differences	between	total	revenue	reported	and	pro	forma	total	revenues	that	would	have	been	reported	during	the
year	ended	December	31,	2011,	if	the	transactions	entered	into	or	materially	modified	after	January	1,	2011	were	subject	to	previous	accounting
guidance.
Regulatory	Credit	Sales
California	and	certain	other	states	have	laws	in	place	requiring	vehicle	manufacturers	to	ensure	that	a	portion	of	the	vehicles	delivered	for	sale	in
that	state	during	each	model	year	are	zero	emission	vehicles.	These	laws	and	regulations	provide	that	a	manufacturer	of	zero	emission	vehicles	may
earn	regulatory	credits,	and	may	sell	excess	credits	to	other	manufacturers	who	apply	such	credits	to	comply	with	these	regulatory	requirements.
Similar	regulations	exist	at	the	federal	level	which	require	compliance	related	to	greenhouse	gas	(GHG)	emissions	and	also	allow	for	the	sale	of	excess
credits	by	one	manufacturer	to	other	manufacturers.	As	a	manufacturer	solely	of	zero	emission	vehicles,	we	have	earned	regulatory	credits,	such	as
ZEV	and	GHG	credits	on	vehicles,	and	we	expect	to	continue	to	earn	these	credits	in	the	future.	Since	our	commercial	vehicles	are	electric,	we	do	not
receive	any	compliance	benefit	from	the	generation	of	these	credits,	and	accordingly	look	to	sell	them	to	other	vehicle	manufacturers.	In	order	to
facilitate	the	sale	of	these	credits,	we	enter	into	contractual	agreements	with	third	parties	requiring	them	to	purchase	our	regulatory	credits	at	pre-
determined	prices.	We	recognize	revenue	on	the	sale	of	these	credits	at	the	time	legal	title	to	the	credits	are	transferred	to	the	purchasing	party	by	the
governmental	agency	issuing	these	credits.
	
70Table	of	Contents
Development	Services
Revenue	from	development	services	arrangements	consist	of	revenue	earned	from	the	development	of	electric	vehicle	powertrain	components	and
systems	for	other	automobile	manufacturers,	including	the	design	and	development	of	battery	packs,	drive	units	and	sample	vehicles	to	meet	a
customer​s	specifications.	Revenue	is	recognized	as	a	development	arrangement	is	finalized,	the	performance	requirements	of	each	development
arrangement	are	met	and	collection	is	reasonably	assured.	Where	development	arrangements	include	substantive	at-risk	milestones,	revenue	is
recognized	based	upon	the	achievement	of	the	contractually-defined	milestones.	Amounts	collected	in	advance	of	meeting	all	of	the	revenue	recognition
criteria	are	not	recognized	in	the	consolidated	statement	of	operations	and	are	instead	recorded	as	deferred	revenue	on	the	consolidated	balance	sheet.
Increased	complexity	to	our	development	agreements	or	changes	in	our	judgments	and	estimates	regarding	application	of	these	revenue	recognition
guidelines	could	result	in	a	change	in	the	timing	or	amount	of	revenue	recognized	in	future	periods.
Costs	of	development	services	are	expensed	as	incurred.	Costs	of	development	services	incurred	in	periods	prior	to	the	finalization	of	an
agreement	are	recorded	as	research	and	development	expenses;	once	an	agreement	is	finalized,	these	costs	are	recorded	in	cost	of	development
services.
Marketable	Securities
Marketable	securities	consist	of	commercial	paper	and	corporate	debt	and	are	designated	as	available-for-sale	and	reported	at	estimated	fair
value,	with	unrealized	gains	and	losses	recorded	in	accumulated	other	comprehensive	loss	which	is	included	within	stockholders​	equity.	Realized	gains
and	losses	on	the	sale	of	available-for-sale	marketable	securities	are	recorded	in	other	expense,	net.	The	cost	of	available-for-sale	marketable	securities
sold	is	based	on	the	specific	identification	method.	Interest,	dividends,	amortization	and	accretion	of	purchase	premiums	and	discounts	on	our
marketable	securities	are	included	in	other	expense,	net.	Available-for-sale	marketable	securities	with	maturities	greater	than	three	months	at	the	date
of	purchase	and	remaining	maturities	of	one	year	or	less	are	classified	as	short-term	marketable	securities.	Where	temporary	declines	in	fair	value
exist,	we	have	the	ability	and	the	intent	to	hold	these	securities	for	a	period	of	time	sufficient	to	allow	for	any	anticipated	recovery	in	fair	value.
We	regularly	review	all	of	our	marketable	securities	for	other-than-temporary	declines	in	fair	value.	The	review	includes	but	is	not	limited	to
(i)	the	consideration	of	the	cause	of	the	impairment,	(ii)	the	creditworthiness	of	the	security	issuers,	(iii)	the	length	of	time	a	security	is	in	an	unrealized
loss	position,	and	(iv)	our	ability	to	hold	the	security	for	a	period	of	time	sufficient	to	allow	for	any	anticipated	recovery	in	fair	value.
Inventory	Valuation
We	value	our	inventories	at	the	lower	of	cost	or	market.	Cost	is	computed	using	standard	cost,	which	approximates	actual	cost	on	a	first-in,	first-
out	basis.	We	record	inventory	write-downs	for	estimated	obsolescence	or	unmarketable	inventories	based	upon	assumptions	about	future	demand
forecasts.	If	our	inventory	on	hand	is	in	excess	of	our	future	demand	forecast,	the	excess	amounts	are	written	off.
We	also	review	inventory	to	determine	whether	its	carrying	value	exceeds	the	net	amount	realizable	upon	the	ultimate	sale	of	the	inventory.	This
requires	us	to	determine	the	estimated	selling	price	of	our	vehicles	less	the	estimated	cost	to	convert	inventory	on	hand	into	a	finished	product.
Once	inventory	is	written-down,	a	new,	lower-cost	basis	for	that	inventory	is	established	and	subsequent	changes	in	facts	and	circumstances	do
not	result	in	the	restoration	or	increase	in	that	newly	established	cost	basis.	During	the	years	ended	December	31,	2012,	2011	and	2010,	we	recorded
write-downs	of	$5.0	million,	$1.8	million	and	$1.0	million,	in	cost	of	automotive	sales,	respectively.
	
71Table	of	Contents
The	inventory	amounts	are	based	on	our	current	estimates	of	demand,	selling	prices	and	production	costs.	Should	our	estimates	of	future	selling
prices	or	production	costs	change,	material	changes	to	these	reserves	may	be	required.	Further,	a	small	change	in	our	estimates	may	result	in	a
material	charge	to	our	reported	financial	results.
Warranties
We	accrue	warranty	reserves	at	the	time	a	vehicle	or	powertrain	component	has	associated	revenue	recognized.	Warranty	reserves	include
management​s	best	estimate	of	the	projected	costs	to	repair	or	to	replace	any	items	under	warranty,	based	on	actual	warranty	experience	as	it	becomes
available	and	other	known	factors	that	may	impact	our	evaluation	of	historical	data.	We	review	our	reserves	at	least	quarterly	to	ensure	that	our
accruals	are	adequate	in	meeting	expected	future	warranty	obligations,	and	we	will	adjust	our	estimates	as	needed.	Initial	warranty	data	can	be	limited
early	in	the	launch	of	a	new	vehicle	or	powertrain	component	and	accordingly,	the	adjustments	that	we	record	may	be	material.	As	of	December	31,
2012,	2011	and	2010,	we	had	$13.0	million,	$6.3	million	and	$5.4	million	in	warranty	reserves,	respectively.	Adjustments	to	warranty	reserves	are
recorded	in	cost	of	automotive	sales.
It	is	likely	that	as	we	sell	additional	vehicles	and	powertrain	components	and	as	we	repair	or	replace	items	under	warranty,	we	will	acquire
additional	information	on	the	projected	costs	to	service	work	under	warranty	and	may	need	to	make	additional	adjustments.	Further,	a	small	change	in
our	warranty	estimates	may	result	in	a	material	charge	to	our	reported	financial	results.
Valuation	of	Stock-Based	Awards,	Common	Stock	and	Warrants
Stock-Based	Compensation
We	use	the	fair	value	method	of	accounting	for	our	stock	options	granted	to	employees	and	Employee	Stock	Purchase	Plan	(ESPP)	which	require
us	to	measure	the	cost	of	employee	services	received	in	exchange	for	the	stock-based	awards,	based	on	the	grant	date	fair	value	of	the	awards.	The	fair
value	of	the	awards	is	estimated	using	the	Black-Scholes	option-pricing	model.	The	resulting	cost	is	recognized	over	the	period	during	which	an
employee	is	required	to	provide	service	in	exchange	for	the	awards,	usually	the	vesting	period	which	is	generally	four	years	for	stock	options	and	six
months	for	the	ESPP.	Stock-based	compensation	expense	is	recognized	on	a	straight-line	basis,	net	of	forfeitures.
The	fair	value	of	each	stock-based	award	was	estimated	on	the	grant	date	for	the	periods	below	using	the	Black-Scholes	option-pricing	model.
	
	
		
Year	Ended	December	31,
	
	
		
2012
	
	
2011
	
	
2010
	
Risk-free	interest	rate:
		
	
	
Stock	options
		
	
1.0
%	
	
	
2.0
%	
	
	
2.0
%	
ESPP
		
	
0.2
%	
	
	
0.2
%	
	
	
​		
		
Expected	term	(in	years):
		
	
	
Stock	options
		
	
5.9
		
	
	
6.0
		
	
	
5.3
		
ESPP
		
	
0.5
		
	
	
0.5
		
	
	
​		
		
Expected	volatility:
		
	
	
Stock	options
		
	
63
%	
	
	
70
%	
	
	
71
%	
ESPP
		
	
51
%	
	
	
59
%	
	
	
​		
		
Dividend	yield:
		
	
	
Stock	options
		
	
0.0
%	
	
	
0.0
%	
	
	
0.0
%	
ESPP
		
	
0.0
%	
	
	
0.0
%	
	
	
​		
		
	
72Table	of	Contents
If	in	the	future	we	determine	that	another	method	for	calculating	the	fair	value	of	our	stock-based	awards	is	more	reasonable,	or	if	another
method	for	calculating	the	above	input	assumptions	is	prescribed	by	authoritative	guidance,	the	fair	value	calculated	for	our	stock-based	awards	could
change	significantly.
The	Black-Scholes	option-pricing	model	requires	inputs	such	as	the	risk-free	interest	rate,	expected	term	and	expected	volatility.	Further,	the
forfeiture	rate	also	affects	the	amount	of	aggregate	compensation.	These	inputs	are	subjective	and	generally	require	significant	judgment.
The	risk-free	interest	rate	that	we	use	is	based	on	the	United	States	Treasury	yield	in	effect	at	the	time	of	grant	for	zero	coupon	United	States
Treasury	notes	with	maturities	approximating	each	grant​s	expected	life.	Given	our	limited	history	with	employee	grants,	we	use	the	​simplified​	method
in	estimating	the	expected	term	for	our	employee	grants.	The	​simplified​	method,	as	permitted	by	the	SEC,	is	calculated	as	the	average	of	the	time-to-
vesting	and	the	contractual	life	of	the	options.
Our	expected	volatility	is	derived	from	our	implied	volatility	and	the	historical	volatilities	of	several	unrelated	public	companies	within	industries
related	to	our	business,	including	the	automotive	OEM,	automotive	retail,	automotive	parts	and	battery	technology	industries,	because	we	have	limited
trading	history	on	our	common	stock.	When	making	the	selections	of	our	peer	companies	within	industries	related	to	our	business	to	be	used	in	the
volatility	calculation,	we	also	considered	the	stage	of	development,	size	and	financial	leverage	of	potential	comparable	companies.	Our	historical
volatility	and	implied	volatility	are	weighted	based	on	certain	qualitative	factors	and	combined	to	produce	a	single	volatility	factor.
We	estimate	our	forfeiture	rate	based	on	an	analysis	of	our	actual	forfeitures	and	will	continue	to	evaluate	the	appropriateness	of	the	forfeiture
rate	based	on	actual	forfeiture	experience,	analysis	of	employee	turnover	behavior	and	other	factors.	Quarterly	changes	in	the	estimated	forfeiture	rate
can	have	a	significant	effect	on	reported	stock-based	compensation	expense,	as	the	cumulative	effect	of	adjusting	the	rate	for	all	expense	amortization
is	recognized	in	the	period	the	forfeiture	estimate	is	changed.	If	a	revised	forfeiture	rate	is	higher	than	the	previously	estimated	forfeiture	rate,	an
adjustment	is	made	that	will	result	in	a	decrease	to	the	stock-based	compensation	expense	recognized	in	the	consolidated	financial	statements.	If	a
revised	forfeiture	rate	is	lower	than	the	previously	estimated	forfeiture	rate,	an	adjustment	is	made	that	will	result	in	an	increase	to	the	stock-based
compensation	expense	recognized	in	the	consolidated	financial	statements.
As	we	accumulate	additional	employee	stock-based	awards	data	over	time	and	as	we	incorporate	market	data	related	to	our	common	stock,	we
may	calculate	significantly	different	volatilities,	expected	lives	and	forfeiture	rates,	which	could	materially	impact	the	valuation	of	our	stock-based
awards	and	the	stock-based	compensation	expense	that	we	will	recognize	in	future	periods.	Stock-based	compensation	expense	is	recorded	in	our	cost
of	revenues,	research	and	development	expenses,	and	selling,	general	and	administrative	expenses.
In	August	2012,	to	create	incentives	for	continued	long	term	success	beyond	the	Model	S	program	and	to	closely	align	executive	pay	with
increases	in	stockholder	value,	our	Board	of	Directors	granted	5,274,901	stock	options	to	our	CEO	(CEO	Grant).	The	CEO	Grant	consists	of	ten	vesting
tranches	with	a	vesting	schedule	based	entirely	on	the	attainment	of	both	performance	conditions	and	market	conditions,	assuming	continued
employment	and	service	to	us	through	each	vesting	date.
Each	of	the	following	ten	vesting	tranches	requires	a	combination	of	one	of	the	performance	achievements	outlined	below	and	an	incremental
increase	in	our	market	capitalization	of	$4.0	billion,	as	compared	to	the	initial	market	capitalization	of	$3.2	billion.
	
	
	
Successful	completion	of	the	Model	X	Engineering	Prototype	(Alpha);
	
	
	
Successful	completion	of	the	Model	X	Vehicle	Prototype	(Beta);
	
	
	
Completion	of	the	first	Model	X	Production	Vehicle;
	
73Table	of	Contents
	
	
Successful	completion	of	the	Gen	III	Engineering	Prototype	(Alpha);
	
	
	
Successful	completion	of	the	Gen	III	Vehicle	Prototype	(Beta);
	
	
	
Completion	of	the	first	Gen	III	Production	Vehicle;
	
	
	
Gross	margin	of	30%	or	more	for	four	consecutive	quarters;
	
	
	
Aggregate	vehicle	production	of	100,000	vehicles;
	
	
	
Aggregate	vehicle	production	of	200,000	vehicles;	and
	
	
	
Aggregate	vehicle	production	of	300,000	vehicles.
The	term	of	the	CEO	Grant	will	be	ten	years,	so	that	if	any	vesting	tranches	remain	unvested	after	expiration	of	the	CEO	Grant,	they	will	be
forfeited.	In	addition,	our	CEO	will	forfeit	any	unvested	options	if	he	is	terminated	as	CEO	of	the	Company,	whether	for	cause	or	otherwise.
Stock-based	compensation	expense	associated	with	the	CEO	Grant	is	recognized	for	each	performance	condition	over	the	vesting	period
beginning	at	the	point	in	time	that	the	relevant	performance	condition	is	considered	probable	of	being	met,	regardless	as	to	whether	the	related	market
condition	is	ever	met	(though	meeting	the	market	condition	would	also	be	required	in	order	for	the	related	options	to	ultimately	vest).
We	measured	the	fair	value	of	the	CEO	Grant	using	a	Monte	Carlo	simulation	approach	with	the	following	assumptions:	risk-free	interest	rate	of
1.65%,	expected	term	of	ten	years,	expected	volatility	of	55%	and	dividend	yield	of	0%.
Unadjusted	Error	in	2009
In	June	2010,	we	identified	an	error	related	to	the	understatement	in	stock-based	compensation	expense	subsequent	to	the	issuance	of	the
consolidated	financial	statements	for	the	year	ended	December	31,	2009.
In	the	fourth	quarter	of	2009,	we	granted	certain	stock	options	for	which	a	portion	of	the	grant	was	immediately	vested.	We	erroneously
accounted	for	the	expense	on	a	straight-line	basis	over	the	term	of	the	award,	while	expense	recognition	should	always	be	at	least	commensurate	with
the	number	of	awards	vesting	during	the	period.	As	a	result,	selling,	general	and	administrative	expenses	and	net	loss	for	the	year	ended	December	31,
2009	were	understated	by	$2.7	million.	The	error	did	not	have	an	effect	on	the	valuation	of	the	stock	options.	As	stock-based	compensation	expense	is	a
non-cash	item,	there	was	no	impact	on	net	cash	used	in	operating	activities	for	the	year	ended	December	31,	2009.
To	correct	this	error,	we	recorded	additional	stock-based	compensation	of	$2.4	million	during	the	three	months	ended	June	30,	2010.	We
considered	the	impact	of	the	error	on	reported	operating	expenses	and	trends	in	operating	results	and	determined	that	the	impact	of	the	error	was	not
material	to	previously	reported	financial	information	as	well	as	those	related	to	the	three	months	ended	June	30,	2010.
Common	Stock	Valuation
Since	the	completion	of	our	IPO	on	July	2,	2010,	for	purposes	of	option	pricing	and	valuations,	our	common	stock	has	been	valued	by	reference	to
its	publicly	traded	price.	Prior	to	the	IPO,	we	historically	granted	stock	options	with	exercise	prices	equal	to	the	fair	value	of	our	common	stock	as
determined	at	the	date	of	grant	by	our	Board	of	Directors.	Because	there	was	no	public	market	for	our	common	stock,	our	Board	of	Directors
determined	the	fair	value	of	our	common	stock	by	considering	a	number	of	objective	and	subjective	factors,	including	the	following:
	
	
	
our	sales	of	convertible	preferred	stock	to	unrelated	third	parties;
	
	
	
our	operating	and	financial	performance;
	
74Table	of	Contents
	
	
the	lack	of	liquidity	of	our	capital	stock;
	
	
	
trends	in	our	industry;
	
	
	
arm​s	length,	third-party	sales	of	our	stock;	and
	
	
	
contemporaneous	valuations	performed	by	an	unrelated	third-party.
There	is	inherent	uncertainty	in	these	estimates	and	if	we	had	made	different	assumptions	than	those	used,	the	amount	of	our	stock-based
compensation	expense,	net	loss	and	net	loss	per	share	amounts	could	have	been	significantly	different.	The	following	table	summarizes,	by	grant	date,
the	number	of	stock	options	granted	during	the	six	months	prior	to	the	completion	of	our	IPO	on	July	2,	2010,	and	the	associated	per	share	exercise
price,	which	equaled	the	fair	value	of	our	common	stock	for	each	of	these	grants.
	
Grant	Date
		
Number	of
Options
Granted
	
		
Exercise
Price	and
Fair	Value
per	Share	of
Common
Stock
	
March	3,	2010
		
	
402,660
		
		
	
9.96
		
April	28,	2010
		
	
256,320
		
		
	
13.23
		
June	12,	2010
		
	
1,135,710
		
		
	
14.17
		
Included	in	the	December	4,	2009	awards,	were	6,711,972	stock	options	granted	to	our	Chief	Executive	Officer	(CEO)	comprised	of	two	grants.	In
recognition	of	his	and	our	company​s	achievements	and	to	create	incentives	for	future	success,	the	Board	of	Directors	approved	an	option	grant
representing	4%	of	our	fully-diluted	share	base	prior	to	such	grant	as	of	December	4,	2009,	or	3,355,986	stock	options,	with	1/4th	of	the	shares	vesting
immediately,	and	1/36th	of	the	remaining	shares	scheduled	to	vest	each	month	over	three	years,	assuming	continued	employment	through	each	vesting
date.	In	addition,	to	create	incentives	for	the	attainment	of	clear	performance	objectives	around	a	key	element	of	our	current	business	plan​the
successful	launch	and	commercialization	of	Model	S​the	Board	of	Directors	approved	additional	options	totaling	an	additional	4%	of	our	fully-diluted
shares	prior	to	such	grant	as	of	December	4,	2009,	with	a	vesting	schedule	based	entirely	on	the	attainment	of	performance	objectives	as	follows,
assuming	Mr.	Musk​s	continued	service	to	us	through	each	vesting	date:
	
	
	
1/4th	of	the	shares	subject	to	the	option	are	scheduled	to	vest	upon	the	successful	completion	of	Model	S	Engineering	Prototype;
	
	
	
1/4th	of	the	shares	subject	to	the	option	are	scheduled	to	vest	upon	the	successful	completion	of	Model	S	Validation	Prototype;
	
	
	
1/4th	of	the	shares	subject	to	the	option	are	scheduled	to	vest	upon	the	completion	of	the	first	Model	S	Production	Vehicle;	and
	
	
	
1/4th	of	the	shares	subject	to	the	option	are	scheduled	to	vest	upon	the	completion	of	the	10,000th	Model	S	Production	Vehicle.
If	Mr.	Musk	does	not	meet	one	or	more	of	the	above	milestones	prior	to	the	fourth	anniversary	of	the	date	of	grant,	he	will	forfeit	his	right	to	the
unvested	portion	of	the	grant.
Due	to	the	significant	number	of	stock	options	granted	to	our	CEO,	we	valued	these	December	2009	grants	by	using	the	following	grant-specific
Black-Scholes	assumptions:	risk-free	interest	rate	of	1.7%,	expected	term	of	4.1	years,	expected	volatility	of	70%	and	dividend	yield	of	0%.
Included	in	our	June	and	September	2010	stock	option	grants	were	666,300	and	20,000	stock	options	granted	respectively,	to	various	members	of
our	senior	management	with	a	vesting	schedule	based	entirely	on	the	attainment	of	the	same	performance	objectives	as	those	outlined	for	Mr.	Musk
above.
	
75Table	of	Contents
Warrants
We	have	accounted	for	our	freestanding	warrants	to	purchase	shares	of	our	convertible	preferred	stock	as	liabilities	at	fair	value	upon	issuance.
We	have	recorded	the	warrants	as	a	liability	because	the	underlying	shares	of	convertible	preferred	stock	are	contingently	redeemable	and,	therefore,
may	obligate	us	to	transfer	assets	at	some	point	in	the	future.	The	warrants	are	subject	to	re-measurement	to	fair	value	at	each	balance	sheet	date	and
any	change	in	fair	value	is	recognized	as	a	component	of	other	expense,	net,	on	the	consolidated	statements	of	operations.
We	have	issued	a	warrant	to	the	DOE	to	purchase	shares	of	our	common	stock	at	an	exercise	price	of	$7.54	per	share	and	a	warrant	to	purchase
up	to	5,100	shares	of	our	common	stock	at	an	exercise	price	of	$8.94	per	share.	Beginning	on	December	15,	2018	and	until	December	14,	2022,	the
shares	subject	to	purchase	under	these	warrants	will	become	exercisable	in	quarterly	amounts	depending	on	the	average	outstanding	balance	of	the
DOE	Loan	Facility	during	the	prior	quarter.	The	warrants	may	be	exercised	until	December	15,	2023.	If	we	prepay	the	DOE	Loan	Facility	in	part	or	in
full,	the	total	amount	of	shares	exercisable	under	the	warrants	will	be	reduced.	Since	the	number	of	shares	of	common	stock	ultimately	issuable	under
the	warrants	will	vary,	these	warrants	will	be	carried	at	their	estimated	fair	value	with	changes	in	their	fair	value	reflected	in	other	expense,	net,	until
their	expiration	or	vesting.
Since	the	number	of	shares	ultimately	issuable	under	the	DOE	warrants	will	vary	depending	on	the	average	outstanding	balance	of	the	loan
during	the	contractual	vesting	period,	and	decisions	to	prepay	would	be	influenced	by	our	future	stock	price	as	well	as	the	interest	rates	on	our	loans	in
relation	to	market	interest	rates,	we	measured	the	fair	value	of	the	DOE	warrant	using	a	Monte	Carlo	simulation	approach.	The	Monte	Carlo	approach
simulates	various	scenarios	and	captures	the	optimal	decisions	to	be	made	between	prepaying	the	DOE	loan	and	the	cancellation	of	the	DOE	warrant
over	the	expected	term	of	the	DOE	Loan	Facility	of	13	years.	For	the	purposes	of	the	simulation,	the	optimal	decision	represents	the	scenario	with	the
lowest	economic	cost	to	us.	The	total	warrant	value	would	then	be	calculated	as	the	average	warrant	payoff	across	all	simulated	paths	discounted	to	our
valuation	date.
The	significant	assumptions	that	we	use	in	the	valuation	of	the	DOE	warrant	include	similar	assumptions	used	in	the	valuation	of	otherwise
featureless	stock	warrants	at	various	simulated	stock	prices,	as	well	as	the	interest	rate	differential	between	the	interest	rates	under	our	DOE	Loan
Facility	and	market	interest	rates	for	companies	comparable	to	us.	The	estimated	value	of	our	stock	warrant	requires	us	to	use	a	Black-Scholes	option-
pricing	model,	which	incorporates	several	assumptions	that	are	subject	to	significant	management	judgment	as	is	the	case	for	stock-based
compensation	discussed	above.	The	differential	between	the	interest	rates	under	our	DOE	Loan	Facility	and	market	interest	rates	is	derived	from	the
credit	spread	data	of	several	unrelated	public	companies	within	industries	related	to	our	business.	As	the	average	simulated	value	of	our	stock	warrant
increases	relative	to	the	credit	spread	of	our	comparator	companies,	the	fair	value	of	our	DOE	warrant	decreases	since	the	economic	cost	of	prepaying
our	outstanding	loans	under	the	DOE	Loan	Facility	and	replacing	the	funds	with	market	interest	rate	debt,	would	be	lower	than	the	economic	cost
associated	with	the	dilution	caused	by	the	vesting	of	warrants.	Similarly,	as	the	credit	spread	of	our	comparator	companies	increases	relative	to	the
average	simulated	value	of	our	stock	warrant,	the	fair	value	of	our	DOE	warrant	increases	since	the	economic	cost	associated	with	prepaying	our
outstanding	loans	under	the	DOE	Loan	Facility	and	replacing	the	funds	with	market	interest	rate	debt	is	higher	than	the	economic	cost	associated	with
the	dilution	caused	by	the	vesting	of	warrants,	and	therefore,	we	would	not	prepay	our	outstanding	DOE	debt	and	we	would	allow	a	higher	number	of
warrants	to	vest.	Prior	to	completion	of	our	IPO,	the	fair	value	of	the	DOE	warrant	was	included	within	the	convertible	preferred	stock	warrant	liability
on	the	consolidated	balance	sheet.	Upon	the	completion	of	our	IPO	on	July	2,	2010,	this	warrant	was	reclassified	on	our	consolidated	balance	sheet	from
convertible	preferred	stock	warrant	liability	to	common	stock	warrant	liability.	The	DOE	warrant	will	continue	to	be	recorded	at	its	estimated	fair	value
with	changes	in	the	fair	value	reflected	in	other	expense,	net,	as	the	number	of	shares	of	common	stock	ultimately	issuable	under	the	warrant	is
variable	until	its	expiration	or	vesting.	The	relative
	
76Table	of	Contents
movements	in	our	stock	price	as	compared	to	the	credit	spread	of	our	comparator	companies	will	result	in	fair	value	changes	being	recorded	in	other
expense,	net,	in	future	periods	which	may	be	significant.
Excluding	the	warrant	issued	to	the	DOE	in	January	2010,	we	estimated	the	fair	value	of	other	pre-IPO	convertible	preferred	stock	warrants	using
a	Black-Scholes	option-pricing	model	which	used	several	assumptions	that	were	subject	to	significant	management	judgment	as	is	the	case	for	stock-
based	compensation	as	discussed	above.	Upon	the	completion	of	our	IPO	in	July	2010,	these	convertible	preferred	stock	warrants	outstanding	as	of
June	30,	2010,	were	re-valued	with	changes	in	value	being	charged	to	income,	and	the	warrants	were	net	exercised	and	the	related	convertible
preferred	stock	warrant	liability	was	settled	and	recorded	in	shareholders​	equity.
Income	Taxes
We	record	our	provision	for	income	taxes	in	our	consolidated	statements	of	operations	by	estimating	our	taxes	in	each	of	the	jurisdictions	in	which
we	operate.	We	estimate	our	actual	current	tax	exposure	together	with	assessing	temporary	differences	arising	from	differing	treatment	of	items
recognized	for	financial	reporting	versus	tax	return	purposes.	In	general,	deferred	tax	assets	represent	future	tax	benefits	to	be	received	when	certain
expenses	previously	recognized	in	our	consolidated	statements	of	operations	become	deductible	expenses	under	applicable	income	tax	laws,	or	loss	or
credit	carryforwards	are	utilized.	Valuation	allowances	are	recorded	when	necessary	to	reduce	deferred	tax	assets	to	the	amount	expected	to	be
realized.
Significant	management	judgment	is	required	in	determining	our	provision	for	income	taxes,	our	deferred	tax	assets	and	liabilities	and	any
valuation	allowance	recorded	against	our	net	deferred	tax	assets.	We	make	these	estimates	and	judgments	about	our	future	taxable	income	that	are
based	on	assumptions	that	are	consistent	with	our	future	plans.	As	of	December	31,	2012,	we	had	recorded	a	full	valuation	allowance	on	our	net
deferred	tax	assets	because	we	expect	that	it	is	more	likely	than	not	that	our	deferred	tax	assets	will	not	be	realized	in	the	foreseeable	future.	Should
the	actual	amounts	differ	from	our	estimates,	the	amount	of	our	valuation	allowance	could	be	materially	impacted.
Furthermore,	significant	judgment	is	required	in	evaluating	our	tax	positions.	In	the	ordinary	course	of	business,	there	are	many	transactions	and
calculations	for	which	the	ultimate	tax	settlement	is	uncertain.	As	a	result,	we	recognize	the	effect	of	this	uncertainty	on	our	tax	attributes	based	on	our
estimates	of	the	eventual	outcome.	These	effects	are	recognized	when,	despite	our	belief	that	our	tax	return	positions	are	supportable,	we	believe	that	it
is	more	likely	than	not	that	those	positions	may	not	be	fully	sustained	upon	review	by	tax	authorities.	We	are	required	to	file	income	tax	returns	in	the
United	States	and	various	foreign	jurisdictions,	which	requires	us	to	interpret	the	applicable	tax	laws	and	regulations	in	effect	in	such	jurisdictions.
Such	returns	are	subject	to	audit	by	the	various	federal,	state	and	foreign	taxing	authorities,	who	may	disagree	with	respect	to	our	tax	positions.	We
believe	that	our	accounting	consideration	is	adequate	for	all	open	audit	years	based	on	our	assessment	of	many	factors,	including	past	experience	and
interpretations	of	tax	law.	We	review	and	update	our	estimates	in	light	of	changing	facts	and	circumstances,	such	as	the	closing	of	a	tax	audit,	the	lapse
of	a	statute	of	limitations	or	a	material	change	in	estimate.	To	the	extent	that	the	final	tax	outcome	of	these	matters	differs	from	our	expectations,	such
differences	may	impact	income	tax	expense	in	the	period	in	which	such	determination	is	made.	The	eventual	impact	on	our	income	tax	expense	depends
in	part	if	we	still	have	a	valuation	allowance	recorded	against	our	deferred	tax	assets	in	the	period	that	such	determination	is	made.
	
77Table	of	Contents
Results	of	Operations
The	following	table	sets	forth	our	consolidated	statements	of	operations	data	for	the	periods	presented	(in	thousands,	except	per	share	data):
	
	
		
Year	Ended	December	31,
	
	
		
2012
	
	
2011
	
	
2010
	
Revenues
		
	
	
Automotive	sales
		
$
385,699
		
	
$
148,568
		
	
$
97,078
		
Development	services
		
	
27,557
		
	
	
55,674
		
	
	
19,666
		
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Total	revenues
		
	
413,256
		
	
	
204,242
		
	
	
116,744
		
Cost	of	revenues
		
	
	
Automotive	sales
		
	
371,658
		
	
	
115,482
		
	
	
79,982
		
Development	services
		
	
11,531
		
	
	
27,165
		
	
	
6,031
		
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Total	cost	of	revenues
		
	
383,189
		
	
	
142,647
		
	
	
86,013
		
Gross	profit
		
	
30,067
		
	
	
61,595
		
	
	
30,731
		
Operating	expenses
		
	
	
Research	and	development
		
	
273,978
		
	
	
208,981
		
	
	
92,996
		
Selling,	general	and	administrative
		
	
150,372
		
	
	
104,102
		
	
	
84,573
		
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Total	operating	expenses
		
	
424,350
		
	
	
313,083
		
	
	
177,569
		
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Loss	from	operations
		
	
(394,283
)	
	
	
(251,488
)	
	
	
(146,838
)	
Interest	income
		
	
288
		
	
	
255
		
	
	
258
		
Interest	expense
		
	
(254
)	
	
	
(43
)	
	
	
(992
)	
Other	expense,	net
		
	
(1,828
)	
	
	
(2,646
)	
	
	
(6,583
)	
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Loss	before	income	taxes
		
	
(396,077
)	
	
	
(253,922
)	
	
	
(154,155
)	
Provision	for	income	taxes
		
	
136
		
	
	
489
		
	
	
173
		
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Net	loss
		
$
(396,213
)	
	
$
(254,411
)	
	
$
(154,328
)	
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Revenues
Automotive	Sales
Automotive	sales,	which	include	vehicle,	options	and	related	sales,	and	powertrain	component	and	related	sales,	consisted	of	the	following	for	the
periods	presented	(in	thousands):	
	
		
Year	Ended	December	31,
	
	
		
2012
	
		
2011
	
		
2010
	
Vehicle,	options	and	related	sales
		
$
354,344
		
		
$
101,708
		
		
$
75,459
		
Powertrain	component	and	related	sales
		
	
31,355
		
		
	
46,860
		
		
	
21,619
		
		
		
	
	
	
Total	automotive	sales
		
$
385,699
		
		
$
148,568
		
		
$
97,078
		
		
		
	
	
	
Automotive	sales	for	the	year	ended	December	31,	2012	were	$385.7	million,	an	increase	from	$148.6	million	for	the	year	ended	December	31,
2011.	Vehicle,	options	and	related	sales	represent	sales	of	Model	S	and	the	Tesla	Roadster,	including	vehicle	options,	accessories	and	destination
charges,	vehicle	service	and	sales	of	zero	emission	vehicle	and	greenhouse	gas	emission	regulatory	credits	to	other	automotive	manufacturers.
Powertrain	component	and	related	sales	represent	the	sales	of	electric	vehicle	powertrain	components	and	systems,	such	as	battery	packs	and	drive
units,	to	other	manufacturers.
Vehicle,	options	and	related	sales	for	the	year	ended	December	31,	2012	were	$354.3	million,	an	increase	from	$101.7	million	for	the	year	ended
December	31,	2011.	The	increase	in	vehicle,	options	and	related	sales
	
78Table	of	Contents
was	primarily	attributable	to	the	commencement	of	Model	S	customer	deliveries	in	June	2012	and	subsequent	ramp	as	well	as	sales	of	regulatory
credits,	partially	offset	by	a	decrease	in	the	number	of	Tesla	Roadsters	sold	as	we	completed	production	of	the	Tesla	Roadster	in	January	2012	and	have
been	selling	our	remaining	inventory	primarily	in	Europe	and	Asia.
Vehicle,	options	and	related	sales	for	the	year	ended	December	31,	2012	included	regulatory	credit	sales	of	$40.5	million	compared	to	regulatory
credit	sales	of	$2.7	million	for	the	year	ended	December	31,	2011.	The	significant	increase	in	production	and	delivery	of	vehicles	in	the	United	States
allowed	us	to	sell	more	regulatory	credits	to	other	automotive	manufacturers.
Powertrain	component	and	related	sales	for	the	year	ended	December	31,	2012	were	$31.4	million,	a	decrease	from	$46.9	million	for	the	year
ended	December	31,	2011.	The	decrease	in	powertrain	component	and	related	sales	was	primarily	due	to	fewer	shipments	of	battery	packs	and
chargers	to	Daimler.	Production	for	both	the	Daimler	Smart	fortwo	and	A-Class	EV	programs	was	substantially	completed	as	of	December	31,	2011.
During	the	three	months	ended	March	31,	2012,	we	began	supplying	powertrain	systems	to	Toyota	under	the	RAV4	EV	supply	and	services	agreement
and	recognized	$29.1	million	for	the	year	ended	December	31,	2012.
Automotive	sales	for	the	year	ended	December	31,	2011	were	$148.6	million,	an	increase	from	$97.1	million	for	the	year	ended	December	31,
2010.
Vehicle,	options	and	related	sales	for	the	year	ended	December	31,	2011	were	$101.7	million,	an	increase	from	$75.5	million	for	the	year	ended
December	31,	2010.	The	increase	in	vehicle,	options	and	related	sales	was	primarily	attributable	to	an	increase	in	the	number	of	Tesla	Roadsters	that
we	sold,	particularly	in	North	America	and	Asia,	coupled	with	slightly	higher	average	selling	prices.	Under	our	supply	agreement	with	Lotus,	we	have
built	2,500	Roadster	gliders.
In	February	2010,	we	began	offering	a	leasing	program	to	qualified	customers	in	the	United	States	for	the	Tesla	Roadster.	Through	our	wholly
owned	subsidiary,	qualifying	customers	are	permitted	to	lease	the	Tesla	Roadster	for	36	months,	after	which	time	they	have	the	option	of	either
returning	the	vehicle	to	us	or	purchasing	it	for	a	pre-determined	residual	value.	We	account	for	these	leasing	transactions	as	operating	leases	and
accordingly,	we	recognize	leasing	revenues	on	a	straight-line	basis	over	the	term	of	the	individual	leases.	Lease	revenues	are	recorded	in	vehicle,
options	and	related	sales	within	automotive	sales	revenue	and	for	the	years	ended	December	31,	2011	and	2010,	we	recognized	$3.0	million	and	$0.8
million,	respectively.	During	the	years	ended	December	31,	2011	and	2010,	approximately	6%	and	14%	of	the	vehicles	delivered	during	those	years
were	under	operating	leases.
Powertrain	component	and	related	sales	for	the	year	ended	December	31,	2011	were	$46.9	million,	an	increase	from	$21.6	million	for	the	year
ended	December	31,	2010.	The	increase	in	powertrain	component	and	related	sales	was	primarily	due	to	significant	shipments	of	battery	packs	and
chargers	to	Daimler.	We	began	delivering	battery	packs	and	chargers	for	the	Daimler	Smart	fortwo	EV	program	at	the	end	of	2009,	and	for	the	Daimler
A-Class	EV	program	late	in	the	fourth	quarter	of	2010.	Production	for	both	the	Smart	fortwo	and	A-Class	EV	programs	was	completed	as	of
December	31,	2011.
Development	Services
Development	services	represent	arrangements	where	we	develop	electric	vehicle	powertrain	components	and	systems	for	other	automobile
manufacturers,	including	the	design	and	development	of	battery	packs,	drive	units	and	chargers	to	meet	customer​s	specifications.	Development
services	revenue	for	the	year	ended	December	31,	2012	was	$27.6	million,	a	decrease	from	$55.7	million	for	the	year	ended	December	31,	2011.
During	the	fourth	quarter	of	2011,	Daimler	engaged	us	to	assist	with	the	development	of	a	full	electric	powertrain	for	a	Daimler	Mercedes-Benz
B-Class	EV	vehicle.	In	2012,	we	received	two	purchase	orders	from	Daimler	to	begin
	
79Table	of	Contents
development	work	and	also	entered	into	a	separate	development	agreement	under	which	we	would	complete	various	milestones	and	deliver	prototype
samples.	During	the	year	ended	December	31,	2012,	we	recognized	a	total	$15.9	million	in	development	services	revenue	related	to	the	Mercedes-Benz
B-Class	EV	program.
In	July	2010,	we	entered	into	an	agreement	with	Toyota	to	initiate	development	of	an	electric	powertrain	for	the	Toyota	RAV4.	Under	this	Phase	0
development	agreement,	prototypes	were	made	by	us	by	combining	the	Toyota	RAV4	model	with	a	Tesla	electric	powertrain.	In	October	2010,	we	also
entered	into	a	Phase	1	contract	services	agreement	with	Toyota	for	the	development	of	a	validated	powertrain	system,	including	a	battery,	power
electronics	module,	motor,	gearbox	and	associated	software,	which	would	be	integrated	into	an	electric	vehicle	version	of	the	Toyota	RAV4.
During	the	year	ended	December	31,	2011,	we	completed	various	milestones	and	delivered	several	samples	under	the	Phase	1	agreement	and	we
also	delivered	all	development	services	under	the	Phase	0	agreement.	Development	services	revenue	under	these	arrangements	with	Toyota	for	the
year	ended	December	31,	2011	was	$55.0	million.
During	the	three	months	ended	March	31,	2012,	we	completed	our	remaining	milestones	and	delivered	samples	under	the	Phase	1	agreement	and
recognized	$10.7	million	in	development	services	revenue.
Development	services	revenue	for	the	year	ended	December	31,	2011	was	$55.7	million,	an	increase	from	$19.7	million	for	the	year	ended
December	31,	2010.
During	the	first	quarter	of	2010,	Daimler	engaged	us	to	assist	with	the	development	and	production	of	a	battery	pack	and	charger	for	a	pilot	fleet
of	its	A-Class	electric	vehicles	to	be	introduced	in	Europe	during	2011.	We	began	providing	development	services	for	this	program	during	the	first
quarter	of	2010	and	had	received	an	aggregate	of	$5.5	million	in	payments;	however,	as	we	had	not	executed	a	final	agreement	related	to	this	program
as	of	March	31,	2010,	we	deferred	the	$5.5	million	of	payments	that	had	been	received	from	Daimler	to	that	point.	In	May	2010,	we	executed	a	final
agreement	under	which	Daimler	would	make	additional	payments	to	us	for	the	successful	completion	of	certain	development	milestones	and	the
delivery	of	prototype	samples.	As	of	December	31,	2010,	we	had	completed	our	deliverables	under	this	agreement	and	for	the	year	ended	December	31,
2010,	we	recognized	$14.4	million	in	development	services	revenue.
In	July	2010,	we	entered	into	an	agreement	with	Toyota	to	initiate	development	of	an	electric	powertrain	for	the	Toyota	RAV4	EV.	Under	this
Phase	0	development	agreement,	prototypes	would	be	made	by	us	by	combining	the	Toyota	RAV4	model	with	a	Tesla	electric	powertrain.	Through
June	30,	2011,	we	had	completed	all	prototype	vehicles	under	the	Phase	0	agreement	and	for	the	years	ended	December	31,	2011	and	2010,	we
recognized	$7.6	million	and	$1.3	million	in	development	service	revenue,	respectively.
In	October	2010,	we	also	entered	into	a	Phase	1	contract	services	agreement	with	Toyota	for	the	development	of	a	validated	powertrain	system,
including	a	battery	pack,	power	electronics	module,	motor,	gearbox	and	associated	software,	which	will	be	integrated	into	an	electric	vehicle	version	of
the	Toyota	RAV4.	Pursuant	to	this	agreement,	Toyota	would	pay	us	up	to	$60.0	million	for	the	anticipated	development	services	to	be	provided	by	us
over	the	expected	term	of	our	performance,	including	a	$5.0	million	upfront	payment	that	we	received	upon	the	execution	of	the	agreement.	During	the
year	ended	December	31,	2011	and	2010,	we	completed	various	milestones	and	delivered	samples	under	the	Phase	1	agreement.	Including	the
amortization	of	our	upfront	payment,	for	the	years	ended	December	31,	2011	and	2010,	we	recognized	$47.4	million	and	$3.3	million	in	development
services	revenue,	respectively,	under	the	Phase	1	agreement.
	
80Table	of	Contents
Cost	of	Revenues	and	Gross	Profit
Cost	of	revenues	includes	cost	of	automotive	sales	and	costs	related	to	our	development	services.
Cost	of	automotive	sales	for	the	year	ended	December	31,	2012	was	$371.7	million,	an	increase	from	$115.5	million	for	the	year	ended
December	31,	2011.	Cost	of	automotive	sales	includes	direct	parts,	material	and	labor	costs,	manufacturing	overhead,	including	amortized	tooling	costs,
royalty	fees,	shipping	and	logistic	costs	and	reserves	for	estimated	warranty	expenses.	Cost	of	automotive	sales	also	includes	adjustments	to	warranty
expense	and	charges	to	write	down	the	carrying	value	of	our	inventory	when	it	exceeds	its	estimated	net	realizable	value	and	to	provide	for	obsolete
and	on-hand	inventory	in	excess	of	forecasted	demand.	We	also	recognize	charges	through	cost	of	automotive	sales	to	provide	for	non-cancellable
purchase	orders	for	inventory	deemed	to	be	obsolete	or	in	excess	of	net	realizable	value.	The	increase	in	cost	of	automotive	sales	was	driven	primarily
by	the	commencement	of	Model	S	deliveries	in	June	2012	as	well	as	electric	powertrain	component	and	systems	sales	to	Toyota	as	we	began	to	deliver
under	the	Toyota	RAV4	EV	supply	and	services	agreement,	partially	offset	by	a	decrease	in	the	number	of	Roadster	deliveries	and	battery	packs	and
chargers	delivered	to	Daimler.
Cost	of	development	services	for	the	year	ended	December	31,	2012	was	$11.5	million,	a	decrease	from	$27.2	million	for	the	year	ended
December	31,	2011.	Cost	of	development	services	includes	engineering	support	and	testing,	direct	parts,	material	and	labor	costs,	manufacturing
overhead,	including	amortized	tooling	costs,	shipping	and	logistic	costs	and	other	development	expenses	that	we	incur	in	the	performance	of	our
services	under	development	agreements.	The	decrease	in	cost	of	development	services	was	driven	primarily	by	our	activities	for	the	Toyota	RAV4	EV
program	which	we	substantially	completed	during	the	three	months	ended	March	31,	2012,	partially	offset	by	costs	associated	with	development
activities	related	to	the	Mercedes-Benz	B-Class	EV	program	which	we	commenced	in	2012.
Gross	profit	for	the	year	ended	December	31,	2012	was	$30.1	million,	a	decrease	from	$61.6	million	for	the	year	ended	December	31,	2011.	The
decrease	for	the	year	ended	December	31,	2012,	compared	to	the	year	ended	December	31,	2011,	was	driven	primarily	by	the	commencement	of	Model
S	deliveries	and	the	associated	early	stage	cost	inefficiencies	including	lower	fixed	cost	absorption,	manufacturing	inefficiencies	related	to	production
ramp,	higher	initial	parts	costs	and	higher	logistics	costs	as	our	supply	chain	took	time	to	mature	as	well	as	lower	sales	of	the	Tesla	Roadster,	partially
offset	by	the	sales	of	regulatory	credits	which	carry	no	associated	cost	of	revenues.
Cost	of	revenues	for	the	year	ended	December	31,	2011	was	$142.6	million,	an	increase	from	$86.0	million	for	the	year	ended	December	31,
2010.	The	increase	in	cost	of	automotive	sales	for	the	year	ended	December	31,	2011	was	driven	primarily	by	an	increase	in	the	number	of	vehicles	that
we	sold	and	the	increased	shipments	of	battery	packs	and	chargers	to	Daimler.	We	began	delivering	battery	packs	and	chargers	for	the	Daimler	Smart
fortwo	EV	program	at	the	end	of	2009	and	for	the	Daimler	A-Class	EV	program	at	the	end	of	2010.	Cost	of	development	services	includes	engineering
support	and	testing,	direct	parts,	material	and	labor	costs,	manufacturing	overhead,	including	amortized	tooling	costs,	shipping	and	logistic	costs	and
other	development	expenses	that	we	incur	in	the	performance	of	our	services	under	development	agreements.	The	increase	in	cost	of	development
services	was	driven	primarily	by	our	activities	for	the	Toyota	RAV4	EV	program	which	began	in	the	second	half	of	2010.
Gross	profit	for	the	year	ended	December	31,	2011	was	$61.6	million,	an	increase	from	$30.7	million	for	the	year	ended	December	31,	2010.	The
increase	was	driven	primarily	by	higher	sales	of	the	Tesla	Roadster	coupled	with	higher	average	selling	prices	and	ongoing	cost	improvement	program
on	the	Roadster,	increased	shipments	of	battery	packs	and	chargers	to	Daimler,	as	well	as	gross	profit	from	our	development	services	activities	which
we	expanded	in	the	latter	half	of	2010	with	the	Toyota	RAV4	EV	program.
Research	and	Development	Expenses
Research	and	development	expenses	consist	primarily	of	personnel	costs	for	our	teams	in	engineering	and	research,	supply	chain,	quality,
manufacturing	engineering	and	manufacturing	test	organizations,	prototyping
	
81Table	of	Contents
expense,	contract	and	professional	services	and	amortized	equipment	expense.	Overhead	costs	related	to	the	Tesla	Factory	prior	to	the	start	of
production	of	Model	S	are	also	included	in	research	and	development	expenses.	Also	included	in	research	and	development	expenses	are	development
services	costs	that	we	incur,	if	any,	prior	to	the	finalization	of	agreements	with	our	development	services	customers	as	reaching	a	final	agreement	and
revenue	recognition	is	not	assured.	Development	services	costs	incurred	after	the	finalization	of	an	agreement	are	recorded	in	cost	of	revenues.
Research	and	development	expenses	for	the	year	ended	December	31,	2012	were	$274.0	million,	an	increase	from	$209.0	million	for	the	year
ended	December	31,	2011.	The	$65.0	million	increase	in	research	and	development	expenses	during	the	year	ended	December	31,	2012	consisted
primarily	of	a	$54.3	million	increase	in	employee	compensation	expenses	from	higher	headcount,	a	$23.1	million	increase	in	office,	information
technology	and	facilities-related	costs	to	support	the	growth	of	our	business,	a	$15.1	million	increase	in	stock-based	compensation	expense	related	to	a
larger	number	of	outstanding	equity	awards	due	to	additional	headcount	and	generally	an	increasing	common	stock	valuation	applied	to	new	grants,
and	a	$3.3	million	increase	in	shipping	charges	for	prototype	materials	incurred	in	the	first	half	of	2012.	The	increase	was	partially	offset	by	a	$30.9
million	decrease	in	materials	and	prototyping	expenses	primarily	to	support	our	Model	S	beta	and	release	candidate	builds	as	well	as	powertrain
development	activities.
Research	and	development	expenses	for	the	year	ended	December	31,	2011	were	$209.0	million,	an	increase	from	$93.0	million	for	the	year
ended	December	31,	2010.	The	$116.0	million	increase	in	research	and	development	expenses	during	the	year	ended	December	31,	2011	consisted
primarily	of	a	$38.1	million	increase	in	materials	and	prototyping	expenses	primarily	to	support	our	Model	S	alpha	and	beta	builds,	overhead	costs
related	to	the	Tesla	Factory,	powertrain	development	activities,	a	$30.9	million	increase	in	costs	related	to	Model	S	and	Model	X	engineering,	design
and	testing	activities	incurred	by	our	suppliers,	a	$30.4	million	increase	in	employee	compensation	expenses	from	higher	headcount,	a	$9.7	million
increase	in	stock-based	compensation	expense	related	to	a	larger	number	of	outstanding	equity	awards	and	generally	an	increasing	common	stock
valuation	applied	to	new	grants,	and	a	$7.0	million	increase	in	office,	information	technology	and	facilities-related	costs	to	support	the	growth	of	our
business.
Selling,	General	and	Administrative	Expenses
Selling,	general	and	administrative	expenses	consist	primarily	of	personnel	and	facilities	costs	related	to	our	Tesla	stores,	marketing,	sales,
executive,	finance,	human	resources,	information	technology	and	legal	organizations,	as	well	as	litigation	settlements	and	fees	for	professional	and
contract	services.
Selling,	general	and	administrative	expenses	for	the	year	ended	December	31,	2012	were	$150.4	million,	an	increase	from	$104.1	million	for	the
year	ended	December	31,	2011.	The	$46.3	million	increase	in	our	selling,	general	and	administrative	expenses	during	the	year	ended	December	31,
2012	consisted	primarily	of	a	$24.3	million	increase	in	employee	compensation	expenses	related	to	higher	sales	and	marketing	headcount	to	support
sales	activities	worldwide	and	higher	general	and	administrative	headcount	to	support	the	expansion	of	the	business,	a	$9.4	million	increase	in	office,
information	technology	and	facilities-related	costs	to	support	an	expanded	store	and	service	network	and	the	growth	of	our	business	in	general,	a	$6.0
million	increase	in	stock-based	compensation	expense	related	to	a	larger	number	of	outstanding	equity	awards	due	to	additional	headcount	and
generally	an	increasing	common	stock	valuation	applied	to	new	grants,	and	a	$6.0	million	increase	in	professional	and	outside	services	costs.
Selling,	general	and	administrative	expenses	for	the	year	ended	December	31,	2011	were	$104.1	million,	an	increase	from	$84.6	million	for	the
year	ended	December	31,	2010.	The	$19.5	million	increase	in	our	selling,	general	and	administrative	expenses	during	the	year	ended	December	31,
2011	consisted	primarily	of	a	$12.3	million	increase	in	employee	compensation	expenses	related	to	higher	sales	and	marketing	headcount	to	support
sales	activities	worldwide	and	higher	general	and	administrative	headcount	to	support	the	expansion	of	the	business,	a	$4.1	million	increase	in	office,
information	technology	and	facilities-related	costs	to	support	the
	
82Table	of	Contents
growth	of	our	business,	a	$2.4	million	increase	in	professional	and	outside	services	costs,	and	a	$1.7	million	increase	in	costs	principally	related	to	our
Tesla	store	and	gallery	openings.	The	increase	is	also	attributable	to	a	$1.0	million	increase	in	stock-based	compensation	expense	related	to	a	larger
number	of	outstanding	equity	awards	and	generally	an	increasing	common	stock	valuation	applied	to	new	grants.	The	increase	for	the	year	ended
December	31,	2011	was	partially	offset	by	an	additional	stock-based	compensation	charge	of	$2.4	million	recognized	during	the	year	ended
December	31,	2010,	which	reflected	a	correction	of	stock-based	compensation	expense	that	should	have	been	recorded	during	the	year	ended
December	31,	2009.
Interest	Expense
Interest	expense	is	incurred	primarily	from	our	loans	under	the	DOE	Loan	Facility	to	fund	our	Model	S	and	powertrain	activities,	and	as	of	August
2012,	we	have	fully	drawn	down	on	the	DOE	Loan	Facility.	Interest	expense	for	the	year	ended	December	31,	2012	and	2011	was	$7.9	million	and	$5.1
million,	respectively.	We	have	historically	capitalized	this	interest	to	construction	in	progress	while	the	Tesla	Factory	and	our	manufacturing	assets	for
Model	S	and	future	vehicles	were	being	constructed	for	their	intended	use.	During	the	years	ended	December	31,	2012	and	2011,	we	capitalized	$7.6
million	and	$5.1	million	of	interest	expense	to	construction	in	progress,	respectively.
Interest	expense	for	the	year	ended	December	31,	2010	was	$1.0	million.	As	significant	construction	of	the	Tesla	Factory	and	our	Model	S
manufacturing	assets	had	not	yet	begun,	less	interest	was	capitalized	to	construction	in	progress	in	2010.
Other	Expense,	Net
Other	expense,	net,	consists	primarily	of	the	change	in	the	fair	value	of	our	warrant	liabilities	and	transaction	gains	and	losses	on	our	foreign
currency-denominated	assets	and	liabilities.	We	expect	our	transaction	gains	and	losses	will	vary	depending	upon	movements	in	the	underlying
exchange	rates.	The	DOE	common	stock	warrant	liability	is	carried	at	its	estimated	fair	value	with	changes	in	its	fair	value	continuing	to	be	reflected	in
other	expense,	net,	until	its	expiration	or	vesting.
Other	expense,	net,	for	the	year	ended	December	31,	2012	was	$1.8	million,	a	decrease	in	expense	compared	to	other	expense,	net,	of	$2.6
million	for	the	year	ended	December	31,	2011.	The	decrease	in	expense	for	the	year	ended	December	31,	2012	was	primarily	due	to	a	favorable	foreign
currency	exchange	impact	from	our	foreign	currency-denominated	liabilities,	partially	offset	by	the	fair	value	change	in	our	common	stock	warrant
liability	during	the	year	ended	December	31,	2012	resulting	from	a	higher	stock	price.
Other	expense,	net,	for	the	year	ended	December	31,	2011	was	$2.6	million,	a	decrease	from	other	expense,	net,	of	$6.6	million	for	the	year
ended	December	31,	2010.	The	decrease	in	expense	for	the	year	ended	December	31,	2011	was	primarily	due	to	the	elimination	of	warrant	liabilities,
excluding	the	DOE	warrant	liability,	upon	the	completion	of	our	IPO	in	July	2010.
Provision	for	Income	Taxes
Our	provision	for	income	taxes	for	the	year	ended	December	31,	2012	was	$0.1	million,	a	decrease	from	$0.5	million	for	the	year	ended
December	31,	2011.	The	decrease	was	due	primarily	to	the	decrease	in	taxable	income	in	our	international	jurisdictions	as	we	were	concluding	sales	of
the	Tesla	Roadster.
Our	provision	for	income	taxes	for	the	year	ended	December	31,	2011	was	$0.5	million,	an	increase	from	$0.2	million	for	the	year	ended
December	31,	2010.	The	increase	was	due	primarily	to	the	increase	in	taxable	income	in	our	international	jurisdictions.
Liquidity	and	Capital	Resources
Since	inception	and	through	the	year	ended	December	31,	2012,	we	had	accumulated	net	operating	losses	of	$1.07	billion	and	have	used
$709.2	million	of	cash	in	operations.	As	of	December	31,	2012,	we	had	$221.0	million
	
83Table	of	Contents
in	principal	sources	of	liquidity	available	from	our	cash	and	cash	equivalents	in	the	amount	of	$201.9	million	which	included	investments	in	money
market	funds,	and	cash	of	$14.9	million	deposited	in	a	dedicated	DOE	account	in	accordance	with	the	requirements	of	our	DOE	Loan	Facility	to	pre-
fund	our	quarterly	DOE	loan	repayment	of	principal	and	interest	that	will	come	due	on	March	15,	2013.
Other	sources	of	cash	include	cash	from	the	sales	of	Model	S,	refundable	reservation	payments	for	Model	S	and	Model	X,	sales	of	regulatory
credits,	cash	from	the	provision	of	development	services	and	sales	of	powertrain	components	and	systems.
In	February	2013,	we	made	a	pre-funding	payment	of	$14.6	million	for	principal	and	interest	that	will	come	due	on	June	15,	2013	into	a	dedicated
debt	service	reserve	account	in	accordance	with	the	pre-funding	requirements	under	the	DOE	Loan	Facility.
We	expect	that	our	current	sources	of	liquidity,	including	cash,	cash	equivalents,	cash	held	in	our	dedicated	DOE	account,	together	with	our
current	projections	of	cash	flow	from	operating	activities,	will	provide	us	adequate	liquidity	until	we	reach	expected	profitability	in	2013,	based	on	our
current	plans.	These	capital	sources	will	enable	us	to	fund	our	ongoing	operations,	continue	research	and	development	projects,	including	those	for	our
planned	Model	X	crossover,	establish	sales	and	service	centers	and	to	make	the	investments	in	tooling	and	manufacturing	capital	required	to	introduce
Model	X.
As	of	August	31,	2012,	we	have	fully	drawn	down	the	remaining	funds	available	under	the	DOE	Loan	Facility.	These	funds	have	been	used	to
develop	and	produce	Model	S,	grow	our	powertrain	capabilities	and	develop	the	Tesla	Factory.	The	development	of	future	vehicles,	investments	in	new
technologies,	increased	in-sourcing	of	manufacturing	capabilities,	investments	to	expand	our	powertrain	activities	or	investments	to	further	expand	our
sales	and	service	network,	may	require	us	to	raise	additional	funds	through	the	issuance	of	equity,	equity-related	or	debt	securities	or	through	obtaining
credit.	Also,	should	prevailing	economic	conditions	and/or	financial,	business	or	other	factors	adversely	affect	the	estimates	of	our	future	cash
requirements,	we	could	be	required	to	fund	our	cash	requirements	through	additional	or	alternative	sources	of	financing.	We	cannot	be	certain	that
additional	funds	will	be	available	to	us	on	favorable	terms	when	required,	or	at	all.
DOE	Loan	Facility
On	January	20,	2010,	we	entered	into	a	loan	facility	with	the	Federal	Financing	Bank	(FFB),	and	the	DOE,	pursuant	to	the	ATVM	Incentive
Program.	We	refer	to	the	loan	facility	with	the	DOE,	as	amended,	as	the	DOE	Loan	Facility.	The	DOE	Loan	Facility	requires,	among	other	things,	that
we	comply	with	certain	financial	covenants	and	fund	a	debt	service	account.	The	financial	covenants	include	a	minimum	current	ratio,	which	is	a	ratio	of
our	current	assets	to	our	current	liabilities	(taking	into	account	certain	categorical	exclusions);	a	minimum	fixed	charge	coverage	ratio,	which	is	a	ratio
of	consolidated	adjusted	EBITDA	to	consolidated	fixed	charges;	and	a	maximum	ratio	of	total	liabilities	to	stockholder	equity.	The	DOE	Loan	Facility	was
amended	in	June	2011	to	expand	our	cash	investment	options,	in	February	2012	to	modify	the	timing	of	certain	future	financial	covenants	and	funding
of	the	debt	service	reserve	account,	in	June	and	December	2012	to	allow	us	to	effect	certain	initiatives	in	our	business	plan.	In	September	2012,	we
entered	into	an	amendment	with	the	DOE	that:	(i)	removed	our	obligation	to	comply	with	the	current	ratio	financial	covenant	for	the	third	quarter	of
2012;	(ii)	amended	our	funding	requirements	for	the	dedicated	debt	service	reserve	account	to	(a)	postpone	until	February	15,	2013,	$14.6	million	of
the	$28.8	million	pre-funding	payment	originally	due	on	October	15,	2012;	and	(b)	make	additional	pre-funding	payments,	beginning	June	15,	2013,	of
between	$14.2	million	to	$14.5	million	each	quarter	to	pre-fund	the	quarterly	principal	and	interest	payments	due	from	September	15,	2013	through
December	15,	2014;	and	(iii)	added	a	covenant	requiring	us	to	work	in	good	faith	with	the	DOE	to	develop	an	early	repayment	plan	for	our	outstanding
DOE	Loan	Facility	on	terms	satisfactory	to	the	DOE.	We	entered	into	another	amendment	with	the	DOE	in	March	2013	that,	among	other	things:
(i)	modified	certain	future	financial	covenants;	(ii)	accelerated	the	maturity	date	of	the	DOE	Loan	Facility	to	December	15,	2017;	(iii)	created	an
obligation	to	repay	approximately	1.0%	of	the	outstanding	principal	under	the	DOE	Loan	Facility	on	or	before	June	15,	2013;	and	(iv)	created	additional
contingent	obligations	based	on	excess	cash	flow	that	may	result	in	accelerated	repayment	of	the	DOE	Loan	Facility	starting	in	2015.	The	original
amortization	schedule	for	the	DOE	Loan	Facility	is	not	affected	by	this	recent	amendment,	and	so	the	debt	service	payments	remain	the	same	until	the
new	maturity	date	when	all	outstanding	loans	under	the	DOE	Loan	Facility	are	to	be	repaid.
	
84Table	of	Contents
As	of	August	31,	2012,	we	have	fully	drawn	down	the	aforementioned	facilities.
Our	DOE	Loan	Facility	draw-downs	were	as	follows	(in	thousands):
	
	
	
Loan	Facility	Available
for	Future	Draw-
downs
	
	
Interest	rates
	
Beginning	balance,	January	20,	2010
	
$
465,048
		
	
	
	
Draw-downs	received	during	the	three	months	ended	March	31,	2010
	
	
(29,920
)	
	
	
2.9%	-3.4
%	
Draw-downs	received	during	the	three	months	ended	June	30,	2010
	
	
(15,499
)	
	
	
2.5%	-3.4
%	
Draw-downs	received	during	the	three	months	ended	September	30,	2010
	
	
(11,138
)	
	
	
1.7%	-2.6
%	
Draw-downs	received	during	the	three	months	ended	December	31,	2010
	
	
(15,271
)	
	
	
1.7%	-2.8
%	
	
	
Remaining	balance,	December	31,	2010
	
	
393,220
		
	
	
	
Draw-downs	received	during	the	three	months	ended	March	31,	2011
	
	
(30,656
)	
	
	
2.1%	-3.0
%	
Draw-downs	received	during	the	three	months	ended	June	30,	2011
	
	
(31,693
)	
	
	
1.8%	-2.7
%	
Draw-downs	received	during	the	three	months	ended	September	30,	2011
	
	
(90,822
)	
	
	
1.0%	-1.4
%	
Draw-downs	received	during	the	three	months	ended	December	31,	2011
	
	
(51,252
)	
	
	
1.0%	-1.5
%	
	
	
Remaining	balance,	December	31,	2011
	
	
188,797
		
	
	
	
Draw-downs	received	during	the	three	months	ended	March	31,	2012
	
	
(84,267
)	
	
	
0.9%	-1.6
%	
Draw-downs	received	during	the	three	months	ended	June	30,	2012
	
	
(71,274
)	
	
	
1.0%	-1.3
%	
Draw-downs	received	during	the	three	months	ended	September	30,	2012
	
	
(33,256
)	
	
	
1.0%	-1.2
%	
	
	
Remaining	balance,	December	31,	2012
	
$
​			
		
	
	
	
In	December	2012,	we	paid	$14.6	million	including	the	first	quarterly	principal	payment	of	$12.7	million	in	accordance	with	the	repayment
schedule	under	the	DOE	Loan	Facility.
In	February	2013,	we	pre-funded	$14.6	million	for	all	principal	and	interest	that	will	come	due	on	June	15,	2013	into	a	dedicated	debt	service
reserve	account	in	accordance	with	the	pre-funding	requirement	under	the	DOE	Loan	Facility.
For	more	information	on	the	DOE	Loan	Facility,	see	Note	8	to	our	Consolidated	Financial	Statements	included	in	this	Annual	Report	on	Form	10-K
under	Item	8.	Financial	Statements	and	Supplementary	Data.
Follow-on	Offering	and	Concurrent	Private	Placements
In	June	2011,	we	completed	a	follow-on	offering	of	common	stock	in	which	we	sold	a	total	of	6,095,000	shares	of	our	common	stock	and	received
cash	proceeds	of	$172.7	million	from	this	transaction,	net	of	underwriting	discounts.
Concurrent	with	our	June	2011	follow-on	offering,	we	also	sold	1,416,000	shares	of	our	common	stock	to	Elon	Musk,	our	Chief	Executive	Officer
(CEO)	and	cofounder,	and	637,475	shares	of	our	common	stock	to	Blackstar	InvestCo	LLC,	an	affiliate	of	Daimler,	and	received	total	cash	proceeds	of
$59.1	million	in	the	private	placements.	No	underwriting	discounts	or	commissions	were	paid	in	connection	with	these	private	placements.
In	October	2012,	we	completed	a	follow-on	offering	of	common	stock	in	which	we	sold	a	total	of	7,964,601shares	of	our	common	stock	andreceived	cash	proceeds	of	$222.1	million	from	this	transaction,	net	of	underwriting	discounts	(which	includes	35,398	shares	or	$1.0	million	sold	to	Elon
Musk,	our	CEO	and	cofounder).
Leasing	Activities
In	February	2010,	we	began	offering	a	leasing	program	to	qualified	customers	in	the	United	States	for	the	Tesla	Roadster.	Through	our	wholly
owned	subsidiary,	qualifying	customers	are	permitted	to	lease	the	Tesla
	
85Table	of	Contents
Roadster	for	36	months,	after	which	time	they	have	the	option	of	either	returning	the	vehicle	to	us	or	purchasing	it	for	a	pre-determined	residual	value.
When	compared	to	our	sales	of	vehicles,	our	leasing	activities	will	spread	the	cash	inflows	that	we	would	otherwise	receive	upon	the	sale	of	a
vehicle,	over	the	lease	term	and	final	disposition	of	the	leased	vehicle.	As	such,	our	cash	and	working	capital	requirements	will	be	directly	impacted	and
if	leasing	volume	increases	significantly,	the	impact	may	be	material.	However,	after	taking	into	consideration	our	current	and	planned	sources	of
operating	cash,	our	ability	to	monitor	and	prospectively	adjust	our	leasing	activity,	as	well	as	our	intent	to	collect	nonrefundable	deposits	for	leased
vehicles	that	are	manufactured	to	specification,	we	do	not	believe	that	our	leasing	operations	materially	adversely	impact	our	ability	to	meet	our
commitments	and	obligations	as	they	become	due.	As	we	will	also	be	exposed	to	credit	risk	related	to	the	timely	collection	of	lease	payments	from	our
customers,	we	intend	to	utilize	our	credit	approval	and	ongoing	review	processes	in	order	to	minimize	any	credit	losses	that	could	occur	and	which
could	adversely	affect	our	financial	condition	and	results	of	operations.	We	require	deposits	from	customers	electing	a	lease	option	for	vehicles	built	to
a	customer​s	specifications	on	the	same	timeframe	and	under	the	same	circumstances	as	from	customers	purchasing	our	vehicles	outright.	During	the
years	ended	December	31,	2011	and	2010,	approximately	6%	and	14%	of	the	vehicles	delivered	during	these	periods	were	under	operating	leases,
respectively.	As	we	had	substantially	completed	sales	of	the	Tesla	Roadster	in	North	America	in	early	2012,	we	did	not	enter	into	any	new	leasing
arrangements	during	the	year	ended	December	31,	2012.
As	of	December	31,	2012	and	2011,	we	had	deferred	revenues	of	$0.7	million	and	$0.8	million	of	down	payments	which	will	be	recognized	over
the	term	of	the	individual	leases.	Through	December	31,	2012,	our	leasing	activity	has	not	had	a	significant	adverse	impact	on	our	liquidity.
Reservation	Payments
Reservation	payments	consist	of	fully	refundable	payments	that	allow	potential	customers	to	hold	a	reservation	for	the	future	purchase	of	a	Model
S	or	Model	X.	We	require	an	initial	refundable	reservation	payment	of	at	least	$5,000	and	these	amounts	are	recorded	as	current	liabilities	until	the
vehicle	is	delivered.	The	reservation	payment	becomes	a	nonrefundable	deposit	once	the	customer	has	selected	the	vehicle	specifications	and	enters
into	a	purchase	agreement.	We	require	full	payment	of	the	purchase	price	of	the	vehicle	only	upon	delivery	of	the	vehicle	to	the	customer.	Amounts
received	by	us	as	reservation	payments	are	generally	not	restricted	as	to	their	use	by	us.	Upon	delivery	of	the	vehicle,	the	related	reservation	payments
are	applied	against	the	customer​s	total	purchase	price	for	the	vehicle	and	recognized	in	automotive	sales	as	part	of	the	respective	vehicle	sale.	As	of
December	31,	2012,	we	held	reservation	payments	for	undelivered	vehicles	in	an	aggregate	amount	of	$138.8	million.
Summary	of	Cash	Flows
	
	
		
Year	Ended	December	31,
	
	
		
2012
	
	
2011
	
	
2010
	
Net	cash	used	in	operating	activities
		
$
(266,081
)	
	
$
(128,034
)	
	
$
(127,817
)	
Net	cash	used	in	investing	activities
		
	
(206,930
)	
	
	
(162,258
)	
	
	
(180,297
)	
Net	cash	provided	by	financing	activities
		
	
419,635
		
	
	
446,000
		
	
	
338,045
		
Revision	of	Prior	Year	Amounts
We	have	revised	our	consolidated	statement	of	cash	flows	for	the	year	ended	December	31,	2011	to	correct	an	immaterial	error.	Amounts	related
to	purchases	of	property	and	equipment	during	2011	that	were	not	paid	at	December	31,	2011	were	erroneously	included	as	cash	outflows	from
investing	activities	and	cash	inflows	from	operating	activities	in	our	previously	issued	financial	statements.	This	revision	resulted	in	a	$13.7	million
decrease	in	purchases	of	property	and	equipment	included	in	cash	flows	used	in	investing	activities	and	a
	
86Table	of	Contents
corresponding	increase	in	the	change	in	accounts	payable	resulting	in	an	increase	in	cash	flows	used	in	operating	activities.
There	was	no	impact	on	previously	reported	total	cash	and	cash	equivalents,	consolidated	balance	sheets	or	consolidated	statements	of	operations
for	any	of	these	periods.	See	Notes	1	and	17	to	our	Consolidated	Financial	Statements	included	in	this	Annual	Report	on	Form	10-K	under	Item	8.
Financial	Statements	and	Supplementary	Data.
Cash	Flows	from	Operating	Activities
We	continue	to	experience	negative	cash	flows	from	operations	as	we	expand	our	business	and	build	our	infrastructure	both	in	the	United	States
and	internationally.	Our	cash	flows	from	operating	activities	are	significantly	affected	by	our	cash	investments	to	support	the	growth	of	our	business	in
areas	such	as	research	and	development	and	selling,	general	and	administrative.	Our	operating	cash	flows	are	also	affected	by	our	working	capital
needs	to	support	growth	and	fluctuations	in	inventory,	personnel	related	expenditures,	accounts	payable	and	other	current	assets	and	liabilities.	We
currently	expect	our	cash	flow	from	operations	in	the	first	quarter	of	2013	to	be	near	breakeven	as	we	continue	to	improve	gross	margin	and	incur
lower	research	and	development	expenses.
Net	cash	used	in	operating	activities	was	$266.1	million	during	the	year	ended	December	31,	2012.	The	largest	component	of	our	cash	used
during	this	period	related	to	our	net	loss	of	$396.2	million,	which	included	non-cash	charges	of	$50.1	million	related	to	stock-based	compensation
expense,	$28.8	million	related	to	depreciation	and	amortization	and	$4.9	million	related	to	inventory	write-downs	and	adverse	purchase	commitments.
Significant	operating	cash	outflows	were	primarily	related	to	$424.4	million	of	operating	expenses,	a	$194.7	million	increase	in	inventory	and	operating
lease	vehicles	and	$383.2	million	of	cost	of	revenues,	partially	offset	by	a	$197.4	million	increase	in	accounts	payable	and	accrued	liabilities,	and	a
$1.1	million	decrease	in	prepaid	expenses	and	other	current	assets.
Inventory	increased	to	meet	our	planned	production	requirements	for	Model	S	and	powertrain	component	and	system	sales	while	the	net	increase
in	accounts	payable	and	accrued	liabilities	was	due	to	both	the	growth	of	our	business	and	the	timing	of	vendor	payments.	Significant	operating	cash
inflows	for	the	year	ended	December	31,	2012	were	comprised	primarily	of	automotive	sales	of	$385.7	million,	a	$47.1	million	net	increase	in
reservation	payments	and	$27.6	million	of	development	services	revenue.
Net	cash	used	in	operating	activities	was	$128.0	million	for	the	year	ended	December	31,	2011.	The	largest	component	of	our	cash	used	during
this	period	related	to	our	net	loss	of	$254.4	million,	which	included	non-cash	charges	of	$29.4	million	related	to	stock-based	compensation	expense,
$16.9	million	related	to	depreciation	and	amortization	and	$2.8	million	related	to	the	fair	value	change	in	our	warrant	liability.	Significant	operating
cash	outflows	were	primarily	related	to	$313.1	million	of	operating	expenses,	$142.6	million	of	cost	of	revenues	and	a	$13.6	million	increase	in
inventory	and	operating	lease	vehicles,	partially	offset	by	a	$30.5	million	increase	in	accounts	payable	and	accrued	liabilities,	and	a	$2.6	million
increase	in	other	long-term	liabilities.	Inventory	increased	to	meet	our	production	requirements	for	the	Tesla	Roadster	as	we	planned	for	the	final
production	of	the	Tesla	Roadster	and	powertrain	component	sales	as	well	as	leasing	activities.	The	increase	in	accounts	payable	and	accrued	liabilities
was	due	to	both	the	growth	of	our	business	and	the	timing	of	vendor	payments.
Significant	operating	cash	inflows	during	the	year	ended	December	31,	2011	were	comprised	primarily	of	automotive	sales	of	$148.6	million,
$55.7	million	of	development	services	revenue	and	a	$61.0	million	net	increase	in	reservation	payments,	partially	offset	by	a	$2.8	million	increase	in
accounts	receivable	and	a	$1.9	million	decrease	in	deferred	revenue.	The	increase	in	accounts	receivable	was	related	primarily	to	receivables	from
Toyota	for	shipments	of	powertrain	components	under	the	Toyota	RAV4	EV	Phase	1	contract	services	agreement	and	shipments	of	battery	packs	and
chargers	to	Daimler	under	the	Daimler	Smart	fortwo	and	A-Class	EV	programs.
	
87Table	of	Contents
Net	cash	used	in	operating	activities	was	$127.8	million	during	the	year	ended	December	31,	2010.	The	largest	component	of	our	cash	used
during	this	period	related	to	our	net	loss	of	$154.3	million,	which	included	non-cash	charges	of	$21.2	million	related	to	stock-based	compensation
expense,	$10.6	million	related	to	depreciation	and	amortization	and	$5.0	million	related	to	the	fair	value	change	in	our	warrant	liabilities.	Significant
operating	cash	outflows	were	primarily	related	to	$177.6	million	of	operating	expenses,	$86.0	million	of	cost	of	revenues,	a	$28.5	million	increase	in
inventory	and	operating	lease	vehicles,	and	a	$5.0	million	increase	in	prepaid	expenses	and	other	current	assets,	partially	offset	by	a	$13.3	million
increase	in	accrued	liabilities	and	a	$3.5	million	increase	in	other	long-term	liabilities.	Inventory	increased	to	meet	our	production	requirements	for	the
Tesla	Roadster	and	powertrain	component	sales	while	the	increase	in	prepaid	expenses	and	other	current	assets	and	accrued	liabilities	was	due	to	both
the	growth	of	our	business,	as	well	as	our	increased	manufacturing	and	Model	S	development	activities.	Operating	lease	vehicles	increased	with	the
introduction	of	our	leasing	program	in	2010.	Other	long-term	liabilities	increased	as	a	result	of	higher	warranty	liability	from	sales	of	the	Tesla
Roadster.
Significant	operating	cash	inflows	during	the	year	ended	December	31,	2010	were	derived	primarily	from	automotive	sales	of	$97.1	million,
$19.7	million	of	development	services	revenue,	a	$4.8	million	increase	in	deferred	revenues	and	a	$4.7	million	increase	in	reservation	payments,
partially	offset	by	a	$3.2	million	increase	in	accounts	receivable.	In	October	2010,	we	entered	into	a	Phase	1	contract	services	agreement	with	Toyota
for	the	development	of	a	validated	powertrain	system,	including	a	battery	pack,	power	electronics	module,	motor,	gearbox	and	associated	software,	to
be	integrated	into	an	electric	vehicle	version	of	the	Toyota	RAV4.	Upon	execution	of	the	agreement,	we	received	a	$5.0	million	upfront	payment	for
which	revenue	is	being	recognized	over	the	expected	term	of	our	performance.	Deferred	revenues	also	increased	from	our	vehicle	leasing	activities	as
lease	down-payments	are	recognized	over	the	term	of	the	operating	leases.	The	increase	in	accounts	receivable	was	related	primarily	to	powertrain
component	sales	in	relation	to	Daimler​s	Smart	fortwo	EV	program	as	well	as	$2.3	million	receivable	from	Toyota	for	the	achievement	of	the	first
milestone	under	the	Phase	1	contract	services	agreement.	During	the	year	ended	December	31,	2010,	we	received	$10.4	million	of	net	new	reservation
payments	for	Model	S	while	reservation	payments	for	the	Tesla	Roadster	decreased	by	$5.7	million.
Cash	Flows	from	Investing	Activities
Cash	flows	from	investing	activities	primarily	relate	to	capital	expenditures	to	support	our	growth	in	operations,	including	investments	in	Model	S
manufacturing,	as	well	as	restricted	cash	that	we	must	maintain	in	relation	to	our	DOE	Loan	Facility,	facility	lease	agreements,	equipment	financing,
and	certain	vendor	credit	policies.	We	currently	expect	our	capital	expenditures	in	the	fiscal	2013	to	be	significantly	less	than	those	of	fiscal	2012,	as
we	have	concluded	the	majority	of	our	investment	in	the	Tesla	Factory	and	Model	S	tooling.	This	reduction	will	be	partially	offset	by	expenditures
related	to	expanding	our	service	and	store	network,	investing	in	new	capital	equipment	and	tooling	to	reduce	variable	costs	and	new	product
development.
Net	cash	used	in	investing	activities	was	$206.9	million	during	the	year	ended	December	31,	2012	primarily	related	to	$239.2	million	in
purchases	of	capital	equipment	and	tooling,	partially	offset	by	a	$25.0	million	in	maturities	of	short-term	marketable	securities	and	an	$8.6	million	net
transfer	of	cash	out	of	our	dedicated	DOE	account	in	accordance	with	the	provisions	of	the	DOE	Loan	Facility.
Net	cash	used	in	investing	activities	was	$162.3	million	during	the	year	ended	December	31,	2011	primarily	related	to	$184.2	million	in
purchases	of	capital	equipment	and	$65.0	million	in	purchases	of	short-term	marketable	securities,	partially	offset	by	$50.1	million	of	net	transfers	out
of	our	dedicated	DOE	account	in	accordance	with	the	provisions	of	the	DOE	Loan	Facility	and	$40.0	million	from	the	maturity	of	short-term	marketable
securities.	The	increase	in	capital	purchases	was	primarily	due	to	significant	development	and	construction	activities	at	the	Tesla	Factory	as	well	as
purchases	of	Model	S	related	manufacturing	equipment	and	tooling.
Net	cash	used	in	investing	activities	was	$180.3	million	during	the	year	ended	December	31,	2010	primarily	related	to	capital	purchases	of
$105.4	million	and	a	net	increase	in	restricted	cash	of	$74.9	million.	The	increase
	
88Table	of	Contents
in	capital	purchases	was	driven	primarily	by	$65.2	million	of	payments	made	in	relation	to	our	purchase	of	our	Tesla	Factory	located	in	Fremont,
California	from	NUMMI,	and	certain	manufacturing	assets	located	thereon	to	be	used	for	our	Model	S	manufacturing,	as	well	as	$40.2	million	primarily
related	to	other	Model	S	capital	expenditures,	our	transition	to	and	build	out	of	our	powertrain	manufacturing	facility	and	corporate	headquarters	in
Palo	Alto,	California,	and	purchases	of	manufacturing	equipment.	Our	purchase	transactions	with	NUMMI	were	completed	in	October	2010.	The
increase	in	restricted	cash	was	primarily	related	to	$100.0	million	of	net	proceeds	from	our	IPO	and	concurrent	Toyota	private	placement	that	we
transferred	to	a	dedicated	account	as	required	by	our	DOE	Loan	Facility,	partially	offset	by	$26.4	million	that	was	transferred	out	of	the	dedicated
account	during	the	third	and	fourth	quarters	of	2010	in	accordance	with	the	provisions	of	the	DOE	Loan	Facility.
Cash	Flows	from	Financing	Activities
We	have	financed	our	operations	primarily	with	proceeds	from	loans	under	the	DOE	Loan	Facility	beginning	in	2010	and	the	net	proceeds	from
our	public	offerings	and	private	placements	of	common	stock.
Net	cash	provided	by	financing	activities	was	$419.6	million	during	the	year	ended	December	31,	2012	and	was	comprised	primarily	of	$221.5
million	received	from	our	follow-on	public	offering	completed	in	October	2012,	$188.8	million	received	from	our	draw-downs	under	the	DOE	Loan
Facility	and	$24.9	million	received	from	the	exercise	of	common	stock	options	by	employees	and	the	purchase	of	common	stock	under	our	employee
stock	purchase	plan,	partially	offset	by	$12.7	million	related	to	our	first	quarterly	repayment	of	principal	related	to	our	loans	under	the	DOE	Loan
Facility,	and	$2.8	million	related	to	principal	repayments	on	capital	leases.
Net	cash	provided	by	financing	activities	was	$446.0	million	during	the	year	ended	December	31,	2011	and	was	comprised	primarily	of	$231.5
million	received	from	our	follow-on	public	offering	and	concurrent	private	placements	completed	in	June	2011,	$204.4	million	received	from	our	draw-
downs	under	the	DOE	Loan	Facility	and	$10.5	million	received	from	the	exercise	of	common	stock	options	by	employees	and	the	purchase	of	common
stock	under	our	employee	stock	purchase	plan.
Cash	provided	by	financing	activities	was	$338.0	million	during	the	year	ended	December	31,	2010	comprised	primarily	of	$188.8	million	in
proceeds	from	our	IPO,	$71.8	million	we	received	from	our	loans	under	the	DOE	Loan	Facility,	$50.0	million	in	proceeds	from	the	Toyota	private
placement,	$30.0	million	in	proceeds	from	the	Panasonic	private	placement,	partially	offset	by	$3.7	million	of	issuance	costs	we	incurred	in	relation	to
our	DOE	Loan	Facility	and	our	IPO.
Contractual	Obligations
The	following	table	sets	forth,	as	of	December	31,	2012	certain	significant	cash	obligations	that	will	affect	our	future	liquidity	(in	thousands):
	
	
		
Year	Ended	December	31,
	
	
		
Total
	
		
2013
	
		
2014
	
		
2015
	
		
2016
	
		
2017
	
		
2018	and
thereafter
	
Operating	lease	obligations
		
$
92,639
		
		
$
13,866
		
		
$
14,298
		
		
$
13,692
		
		
$
19,967
		
		
$
8,103
		
		
$
22,713
		
Capital	lease	obligations
		
	
15,364
		
		
	
5,646
		
		
	
5,199
		
		
	
3,566
		
		
	
923
		
		
	
30
		
		
	
​			
		
Long-term	debt
		
	
487,551
		
		
	
58,068
		
		
	
57,216
		
		
	
56,378
		
		
	
55,535
		
		
	
54,666
		
		
	
205,688
		
		
		
	
		
	
	
	
		
		
	
		
	
Total
		
$
595,554
		
		
$
77,580
		
		
$
76,713
		
		
$
73,636
		
		
$
76,425
		
		
$
62,799
		
		
$
228,401
		
		
		
	
		
	
	
	
		
		
	
		
	
In	October	2010,	we	completed	the	purchase	of	our	Tesla	Factory	located	in	Fremont,	California	from	NUMMI.	NUMMI	has	previously	identified
environmental	conditions	at	the	Fremont	site	which	affect	soil	and	groundwater,	and	is	currently	undertaking	efforts	to	address	these	conditions.
Although	we	have	been	advised	by	NUMMI	that	it	has	documented	and	managed	the	environmental	issues,	we	cannot	determine	with	certainty	the
potential	costs	to	remediate	any	pre-existing	contamination.	Based	on	management​s	best	estimate,	we	estimated
	
89Table	of	Contents
the	fair	value	of	the	environmental	liabilities	that	we	assumed	to	be	$5.3	million,	which	is	not	reflected	in	the	table	above	as	the	timing	of	any	potential
payments	cannot	be	reasonably	determined	at	this	time.	As	NUMMI	continues	with	its	decommissioning	activities	and	as	we	continue	with	our
construction	and	operating	activities,	it	is	reasonably	possible	that	our	estimate	of	environmental	liabilities	may	change	materially.
We	have	reached	an	agreement	with	NUMMI	under	which,	over	a	ten	year	period,	we	will	pay	the	first	$15.0	million	of	any	costs	of	any
governmentally-required	remediation	activities	for	contamination	that	existed	prior	to	the	completion	of	the	facility	and	land	purchase	for	any	known	or
unknown	environmental	conditions,	and	NUMMI	has	agreed	to	pay	the	next	$15.0	million	for	such	remediation	activities.	Our	agreement	provides,	in
part,	that	NUMMI	will	pay	up	to	the	first	$15.0	million	on	our	behalf	if	such	expenses	are	incurred	in	the	first	four	years	of	our	agreement,	subject	to
our	reimbursement	of	such	costs	on	the	fourth	anniversary	date	of	the	closing.
On	the	ten-year	anniversary	of	the	closing	or	whenever	$30.0	million	has	been	spent	on	the	remediation	activities,	whichever	comes	first,
NUMMI​s	liability	to	us	with	respect	to	remediation	activities	ceases,	and	we	are	responsible	for	any	and	all	environmental	conditions	at	the	Fremont
site.	At	that	point	in	time,	we	have	agreed	to	indemnify,	defend,	and	hold	harmless	NUMMI	from	all	liability	and	we	have	released	NUMMI	for	any
known	or	unknown	claims	except	for	NUMMI​s	obligations	for	representations	and	warranties	under	the	agreement.
As	of	December	31,	2012	and	2011,	we	held	reservation	payments	of	$138.8	million	and	$91.8	million	from	potential	customers,	respectively,
which	are	not	reflected	in	the	table	above.	In	order	to	convert	the	reservation	payments	into	revenue,	we	will	need	to	sell	vehicles	to	these	customers.
All	reservation	payments	for	Model	S	are	fully	refundable	until	such	time	that	a	customer	enters	into	a	purchase	agreement.
Off-Balance	Sheet	Arrangements
During	the	periods	presented,	we	did	not	have	relationships	with	unconsolidated	entities	or	financial	partnerships,	such	as	entities	often	referred
to	as	structured	finance	or	special	purpose	entities,	which	would	have	been	established	for	the	purpose	of	facilitating	off-balance	sheet	arrangements	or
other	contractually	narrow	or	limited	purposes.
	
ITEM	7A.
QUANTITATIVE	AND	QUALITATIVE	DISCLOSURES	ABOUT	MARKET	RISK
Foreign	Currency	Risk
Our	revenues	and	costs	denominated	in	foreign	currencies	are	not	completely	matched.	For	example,	a	portion	of	our	costs	and	expenses	for	the
year	ended	December	31,	2012	was	denominated	in	foreign	currencies,	including	the	Japanese	yen,	euro	and	British	pound.	Conversely	for	this	period
and	until	such	time	as	we	begin	shipping	significant	quantities	of	Model	S	vehicles	to	foreign	jurisdictions,	we	expect	that	a	significant	majority	of	our
revenue	will	be	denominated	in	U.S.	dollars.	Accordingly,	if	the	value	of	the	U.S.	dollar	depreciates	significantly	against	these	currencies,	our	costs	as
measured	in	U.S.	dollars	as	a	percent	of	our	revenues	will	correspondingly	increase	and	our	margins	will	suffer.	As	a	result,	our	operating	results	could
be	adversely	affected.	In	the	future,	and	as	we	begin	selling	Model	S	overseas,	we	may	have	greater	revenues	than	costs	denominated	in	other
currencies,	in	which	case	a	strengthening	of	the	dollar	would	tend	to	reduce	our	revenues	as	measured	in	U.S.	dollars.	To	date,	the	foreign	currency
effect	on	our	consolidated	financial	statements	has	not	been	significant.
Interest	Rate	Risk
We	had	cash	and	cash	equivalents	totaling	$201.9	million	as	of	December	31,	2012.	A	significant	portion	of	our	cash	and	cash	equivalents	were
invested	in	money	market	funds.	Cash	and	cash	equivalents	are	held	for	working	capital	purposes.	We	do	not	enter	into	investments	for	trading	or
speculative	purposes.	We	believe	that	we	do	not	have	any	material	exposure	to	changes	in	the	fair	value	as	a	result	of	changes	in	interest	rates	due	to
the	short	term	nature	of	our	cash	equivalents.
As	of	December	31,	2012,	we	had	loans	under	the	DOE	Loan	Facility	for	an	aggregate	of	$452.3	million	and	capital	lease	obligations	of
$14.3	million,	both	of	which	are	fixed	rate	instruments.	Therefore,	our	results	of	operations	are	not	subject	to	fluctuations	in	interest	rates.
	
90Table	of	Contents
ITEM	8.
FINANCIAL	STATEMENTS	AND	SUPPLEMENTARY	DATA
Index	to	Consolidated	Financial	Statements
	
	
		
Page
	
Report	of	Independent	Registered	Public	Accounting	Firm
		
	
92
		
Consolidated	Balance	Sheets
		
	
93
		
Consolidated	Statements	of	Operations
		
	
94
		
Consolidated	Statements	of	Comprehensive	Loss
		
	
95
		
Consolidated	Statements	of	Convertible	Preferred	Stock	and	Stockholders​	Equity	(Deficit)
		
	
96
		
Consolidated	Statements	of	Cash	Flows
		
	
97
		
Notes	to	Consolidated	Financial	Statements
		
	
98
		
	
91Table	of	Contents
Report	of	Independent	Registered	Public	Accounting	Firm
To	the	Board	of	Directors	and	Stockholders	of	Tesla	Motors,	Inc.:
In	our	opinion,	the	accompanying	consolidated	balance	sheets	and	the	related	consolidated	statements	of	operations,	comprehensive	loss,
convertible	preferred	stock	and	stockholders​	equity	(deficit)	and	cash	flows	present	fairly,	in	all	material	respects,	the	financial	position	of	Tesla	Motors,
Inc.	and	its	subsidiaries	at	December	31,	2012	and	December	31,	2011,	and	the	results	of	their	operations	and	their	cash	flows	for	each	of	the	three
years	in	the	period	ended	December	31,	2012	in	conformity	with	accounting	principles	generally	accepted	in	the	United	States	of	America.	Also	in	our
opinion,	the	Company	did	not	maintain,	in	all	material	respects,	effective	internal	control	over	financial	reporting	as	of	December	31,	2012,	based	on
criteria	established	in	
Internal	Control	​	Integrated	Framework
	issued	by	the	Committee	of	Sponsoring	Organizations	of	the	Treadway	Commission
(COSO)	because	a	material	weakness	in	internal	control	over	financial	reporting	related	to	their	presentation	and	disclosure	of	non-cash	capital
expenditures	in	their	consolidated	statement	of	cash	flows	existed	as	of	that	date.	A	material	weakness	is	a	deficiency,	or	a	combination	of	deficiencies,
in	internal	control	over	financial	reporting,	such	that	there	is	a	reasonable	possibility	that	a	material	misstatement	of	the	annual	or	interim	financial
statements	will	not	be	prevented	or	detected	on	a	timely	basis.	The	material	weakness	referred	to	above	is	described	in	Management​s	Report	on
Internal	Control	over	Financial	Reporting	appearing	under	Item	9A.	We	considered	this	material	weakness	in	determining	the	nature,	timing,	and	extent
of	audit	tests	applied	in	our	audit	of	the	2012	consolidated	financial	statements	and	our	opinion	regarding	the	effectiveness	of	the	Company​s	internal
control	over	financial	reporting	does	not	affect	our	opinion	on	those	consolidated	financial	statements.	The	Company​s	management	is	responsible	for
these	financial	statements,	for	maintaining	effective	internal	control	over	financial	reporting	and	for	its	assessment	of	the	effectiveness	of	internal
control	over	financial	reporting	included	in	management​s	report	referred	to	above.	Our	responsibility	is	to	express	opinions	on	these	financial
statements,	and	on	the	Company​s	internal	control	over	financial	reporting	based	on	our	integrated	audits	(which	were	integrated	audits	in	2012	and
2011).	We	conducted	our	audits	in	accordance	with	the	standards	of	the	Public	Company	Accounting	Oversight	Board	(United	States).	Those	standards
require	that	we	plan	and	perform	the	audits	to	obtain	reasonable	assurance	about	whether	the	financial	statements	are	free	of	material	misstatement
and	whether	effective	internal	control	over	financial	reporting	was	maintained	in	all	material	respects.	Our	audits	of	the	financial	statements	included
examining,	on	a	test	basis,	evidence	supporting	the	amounts	and	disclosures	in	the	financial	statements,	assessing	the	accounting	principles	used	and
significant	estimates	made	by	management,	and	evaluating	the	overall	financial	statement	presentation.	Our	audit	of	internal	control	over	financial
reporting	included	obtaining	an	understanding	of	internal	control	over	financial	reporting,	assessing	the	risk	that	a	material	weakness	exists,	and
testing	and	evaluating	the	design	and	operating	effectiveness	of	internal	control	based	on	the	assessed	risk.	Our	audits	also	included	performing	such
other	procedures	as	we	considered	necessary	in	the	circumstances.	We	believe	that	our	audits	provide	a	reasonable	basis	for	our	opinions.
A	company​s	internal	control	over	financial	reporting	is	a	process	designed	to	provide	reasonable	assurance	regarding	the	reliability	of	financial
reporting	and	the	preparation	of	financial	statements	for	external	purposes	in	accordance	with	generally	accepted	accounting	principles.	A	company​s
internal	control	over	financial	reporting	includes	those	policies	and	procedures	that	(i)	pertain	to	the	maintenance	of	records	that,	in	reasonable	detail,
accurately	and	fairly	reflect	the	transactions	and	dispositions	of	the	assets	of	the	company;	(ii)	provide	reasonable	assurance	that	transactions	are
recorded	as	necessary	to	permit	preparation	of	financial	statements	in	accordance	with	generally	accepted	accounting	principles,	and	that	receipts	and
expenditures	of	the	company	are	being	made	only	in	accordance	with	authorizations	of	management	and	directors	of	the	company;	and	(iii)	provide
reasonable	assurance	regarding	prevention	or	timely	detection	of	unauthorized	acquisition,	use,	or	disposition	of	the	company​s	assets	that	could	have	a
material	effect	on	the	financial	statements.
Because	of	its	inherent	limitations,	internal	control	over	financial	reporting	may	not	prevent	or	detect	misstatements.	Also,	projections	of	any
evaluation	of	effectiveness	to	future	periods	are	subject	to	the	risk	that	controls	may	become	inadequate	because	of	changes	in	conditions,	or	that	the
degree	of	compliance	with	the	policies	or	procedures	may	deteriorate.
/s/	PricewaterhouseCoopers	LLP
PricewaterhouseCoopers	LLP
San	Jose,	California
March	7,	2013
	
92Table	of	Contents
Tesla	Motors,	Inc.
Consolidated	Balance	Sheets
(in	thousands,	except	share	and	per	share	data)
	
	
		
December	31,
2012
	
	
December	31,
2011
	
Assets
		
	
Current	assets
		
	
Cash	and	cash	equivalents
		
$
201,890
		
	
$
255,266
		
Short-term	marketable	securities
		
	
​		
		
	
	
25,061
		
Restricted	cash
		
	
19,094
		
	
	
23,476
		
Accounts	receivable
		
	
26,842
		
	
	
9,539
		
Inventory
		
	
268,504
		
	
	
50,082
		
Prepaid	expenses	and	other	current	assets
		
	
8,438
		
	
	
9,414
		
		
	
	
Total	current	assets
		
	
524,768
		
	
	
372,838
		
		
	
	
Operating	lease	vehicles,	net
		
	
10,071
		
	
	
11,757
		
Property,	plant	and	equipment,	net
		
	
552,229
		
	
	
298,414
		
Restricted	cash
		
	
5,159
		
	
	
8,068
		
Other	assets
		
	
21,963
		
	
	
22,371
		
		
	
	
Total	assets
		
$
1,114,190
		
	
$
713,448
		
		
	
	
Liabilities	and	Stockholders​	Equity
		
	
Current	liabilities
		
	
Accounts	payable
		
$
303,382
		
	
$
56,141
		
Accrued	liabilities
		
	
39,798
		
	
	
32,109
		
Deferred	revenue
		
	
1,905
		
	
	
2,345
		
Capital	lease	obligations,	current	portion
		
	
4,365
		
	
	
1,067
		
Reservation	payments
		
	
138,817
		
	
	
91,761
		
Long-term	debt,	current	portion
		
	
50,841
		
	
	
7,916
				
	
	
Total	current	liabilities
		
	
539,108
		
	
	
191,339
		
Common	stock	warrant	liability
		
	
10,692
		
	
	
8,838
		
Capital	lease	obligations,	less	current	portion
		
	
9,965
		
	
	
2,830
		
Deferred	revenue,	less	current	portion
		
	
3,060
		
	
	
3,146
		
Long-term	debt,	less	current	portion
		
	
401,495
		
	
	
268,335
		
Other	long-term	liabilities
		
	
25,170
		
	
	
14,915
		
		
	
	
Total	liabilities
		
	
989,490
		
	
	
489,403
		
		
	
	
Commitments	and	contingencies	(Note	14)
		
	
Stockholders​	equity:
		
	
Preferred	stock;	$0.001	par	value;	100,000,000	shares	authorized;	no	shares	issued	and	outstanding
		
	
​		
		
	
	
​		
		
Common	stock;	$0.001	par	value;	2,000,000,000	shares	authorized	as	of	December	31,	2012	and	2011,
respectively;	114,214,274	and	104,530,305	shares	issued	and	outstanding	as	of	December	31,	2012	and
2011,	respectively
		
	
115
		
	
	
104
		
Additional	paid-in	capital
		
	
1,190,191
		
	
	
893,336
		
Accumulated	other	comprehensive	loss
		
	
​		
		
	
	
(3
)	
Accumulated	deficit
		
	
(1,065,606
)	
	
	
(669,392
)	
		
	
	
Total	stockholders​	equity
		
	
124,700
		
	
	
224,045
		
		
	
	
Total	liabilities	and	stockholders​	equity
		
$
1,114,190
		
	
$
713,448
		
		
	
	
The	accompanying	notes	are	an	integral	part	of	these	consolidated	financial	statements.
	
93Table	of	Contents
Tesla	Motors,	Inc.
Consolidated	Statements	of	Operations
(in	thousands,	except	share	and	per	share	data)
	
	
		
Year	Ended	December	31,
	
	
		
2012
	
	
2011
	
	
2010
	
Revenues
		
	
	
Automotive	sales
		
$
385,699
		
	
$
148,568
		
	
$
97,078
		
Development	services
		
	
27,557
		
	
	
55,674
		
	
	
19,666
		
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Total	revenues
		
	
413,256
		
	
	
204,242
		
	
	
116,744
		
Cost	of	revenues
		
	
	
Automotive	sales
		
	
371,658
		
	
	
115,482
		
	
	
79,982
		
Development	services
		
	
11,531
		
	
	
27,165
		
	
	
6,031
		
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Total	cost	of	revenues
		
	
383,189
		
	
	
142,647
		
	
	
86,013
		
Gross	profit
		
	
30,067
		
	
	
61,595
		
	
	
30,731
		
Operating	expenses
		
	
	
Research	and	development
		
	
273,978
		
	
	
208,981
		
	
	
92,996
		
Selling,	general	and	administrative
		
	
150,372
		
	
	
104,102
		
	
	
84,573
		
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Total	operating	expenses
		
	
424,350
		
	
	
313,083
		
	
	
177,569
		
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Loss	from	operations
		
	
(394,283
)	
	
	
(251,488
)	
	
	
(146,838
)	
Interest	income
		
	
288
		
	
	
255
		
	
	
258
		
Interest	expense
		
	
(254
)	
	
	
(43
)	
	
	
(992
)	
Other	expense,	net
		
	
(1,828
)	
	
	
(2,646
)	
	
	
(6,583
)	
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Loss	before	income	taxes
		
	
(396,077
)	
	
	
(253,922
)	
	
	
(154,155
)	
Provision	for	income	taxes
		
	
136
		
	
	
489
		
	
	
173
		
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Net	loss
		
$
(396,213
)	
	
$
(254,411
)	
	
$
(154,328
)	
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Net	loss	per	share	of	common	stock,	basic	and	diluted
		
$
(3.69
)	
	
$
(2.53
)	
	
$
(3.04
)	
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Weighted	average	shares	used	in	computing	net	loss	per	share	of	common	stock,basic	and	diluted
		
	
107,349,188
		
	
	
100,388,815
		
	
	
50,718,302
		
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
The	accompanying	notes	are	an	integral	part	of	these	consolidated	financial	statements.
	
94Table	of	Contents
Tesla	Motors,	Inc.
Consolidated	Statements	of	Comprehensive	Loss
(in	thousands)
	
	
		
Year	Ended	December	31,
	
	
		
2012
	
		
2011
	
	
2010
	
Net	loss
		
$
396,213
		
		
$
254,411
		
	
$
154,328
		
		
	
	
Other	comprehensive	income	(loss),	net	of	tax:
		
		
	
Unrealized	net	loss	on	short-term	marketable	securities
		
		
	
(3
)	
	
	
		
		
	
	
Reclassification	adjustment	for	gain	included	in	net	income
		
	
3
		
		
	
		
	
	
		
		
	
	
Other	comprehensive	income	(loss)
		
	
3
		
		
	
(3
)	
	
	
		
		
	
	
Comprehensive	loss
		
$
396,210
		
		
$
254,414
		
	
$
154,328
		
		
	
	
	
95Table	of	Contents
Tesla	Motors,	Inc.
Consolidated	Statements	of	Convertible	Preferred	Stock	and	Stockholders​	Equity	(Deficit)
(in	thousands,	except	share	and	per	share	data)
	
	
	
Convertible	Preferred
Stock
	
	
	
	
	
Common	Stock
	
	
Additional
Paid-In
Capital
	
	
Accumulated
Deficit
	
	
Accumulated
Other
Comprehensive
Loss
	
	
Total
Stockholders​
Equity
(Deficit)
	
	
	
Shares
	
	
Amount
	
	
	
	
	
Shares
	
	
Amount
	
	
	
	
	
Balance	as	of	December	31,	2009
	
	
208,917,237
		
	
	
319,225
		
	
	
	
	
7,284,200
		
	
	
7
		
	
	
7,124
		
	
	
(260,654
)	
	
	
​		
		
	
	
(253,523
)	
Issuance	of	common	stock	in	July	2010	initial	public
offering	at	$17.00	per	share,	net	of	issuance	costs	of
$17,497
	
	
​		
		
	
	
	
	
	
11,880,600
		
	
	
12
		
	
	
184,461
		
	
	
​		
		
	
	
​		
		
	
	
184,473
		
Issuance	of	common	stock	in	July	2010	concurrent	private
placement	at	$17.00	per	share
	
	
​		
		
	
	
​		
		
	
	
	
	
2,941,176
		
	
	
3
		
	
	
49,997
		
	
	
​		
		
	
	
​		
		
	
	
50,000
		
Issuance	of	common	stock	in	November	2010	private
placement	at	$21.15	per	share,	net	of	issuance	costs	of
$42
	
	
​		
		
	
	
​		
		
	
	
	
	
1,418,573
		
	
	
1
		
	
	
29,957
		
	
	
​		
		
	
	
​		
		
	
	
29,958
		
Conversion	of	preferred	stock	into	shares	of	common
stock
	
	
​		
		
	
	
​		
		
	
	
	
	
70,226,844
		
	
	
70
		
	
	
319,155
		
	
	
​		
		
	
	
​		
		
	
	
319,225
		
Issuance	of	common	stock	upon	net	exercise	of	warrants
	
	
(208,917,237
)	
	
	
(319,225
)	
	
	
	
	
445,047
		
	
	
1
		
	
	
8,662
		
	
	
​		
		
	
	
​		
		
	
	
8,663
		
Issuance	of	common	stock	upon	exercise	of	stock	options,
net	of	repurchases
	
	
​		
		
	
	
​		
		
	
	
	
	
711,930
		
	
	
1
		
	
	
1,349
		
	
	
​		
		
	
	
​		
		
	
	
1,350
		
Tax	benefits	from	employee	equity	awards
	
	
​		
		
	
	
​		
		
	
	
	
	
​		
		
	
	
​		
		
	
	
74
		
	
	
​		
		
	
	
​		
		
	
	
74
		
Stock-based	compensation
	
	
​		
		
	
	
	
	
	
​		
		
	
	
​		
		
	
	
21,156
		
	
	
​		
		
	
	
​		
		
	
	
21,156
		
Net	loss
	
	
​		
		
	
	
​		
		
	
	
	
	
​		
		
	
	
​		
		
	
	
​		
		
	
	
(154,328
)	
	
	
​		
		
	
	
(154,328
)	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Balance	as	of	December	31,	2010
	
	
​		
		
	
	
​		
		
	
	
	
	
94,908,370
		
	
	
95
		
	
	
621,935
		
	
	
(414,982
)	
	
	
​		
		
	
	
207,048
		
Issuance	of	common	stock	in	June	2011	public	offering	at
$28.76	per	share,	net	of	issuance	costs	of	$305
	
	
​		
		
	
	
​		
		
	
	
	
	
6,095,000
		
	
	
6
		
	
	
172,403
		
	
	
​		
		
	
	
​		
		
	
	
172,409
		
Issuance	of	common	stock	in	June	2011	concurrent
private	placements	at	$28.76	per	share
	
	
​		
		
	
	
​		
		
	
	
	
	
2,053,475
		
	
	
2
		
	
	
59,056
		
	
	
​		
		
	
	
​		
		
	
	
59,058
		
Issuance	of	common	stock	upon	exercise	of	stock	options,
net	of	repurchases
	
	
​		
		
	
	
​		
		
	
	
	
	
1,250,002
		
	
	
1
		
	
	
6,642
		
	
	
​		
		
	
	
​		
		
	
	
6,643
		
Issuance	of	common	stock	under	employee	stock
purchase	plan
	
	
​		
		
	
	
​		
		
	
	
	
	
223,458
		
	
	
​		
		
	
	
3,882
		
	
	
​		
		
	
	
​		
		
	
	
3,882
		
Stock-based	compensation
	
	
​		
		
	
	
​		
		
	
	
	
	
​		
		
	
	
​		
		
	
	
29,419
		
	
	
​		
		
	
	
​		
		
	
	
29,419
		
Comprehensive	loss:
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Net	loss	
	
​		
		
	
	
​		
		
	
	
	
	
​		
		
	
	
​		
		
	
	
​		
		
	
	
(254,411
)	
	
	
​		
		
	
	
(254,411
)	
Unrealized	loss	on	short-term	marketable
securities,	net
	
	
​		
		
	
	
​		
		
	
	
	
	
​		
		
	
	
​		
		
	
	
​		
		
	
	
​		
		
	
	
(3
)	
	
	
(3
)	
	
	
Total	comprehensive	loss
	
	
​		
		
	
	
​		
		
	
	
	
	
​		
		
	
	
​		
		
	
	
​		
		
	
	
​		
		
	
	
​		
		
	
	
(254,414
)	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Balance	as	of	December	31,	2011
	
	
​		
		
	
	
​		
		
	
	
	
	
104,530,305
		
	
$
104
		
	
$
893,337
		
	
$
(669,393)
		
	
$
(3)
		
	
$
224,045
		
Issuance	of	common	stock	in	October	2012	public	offering
at	$28.25	per	share,	net	of	issuance	costs	of	$584
	
	
​		
		
	
	
​		
		
	
	
	
	
7,964,601
		
	
	
8
		
	
	
221,483
		
	
	
​		
		
	
	
​		
		
	
	
221,491
		
Issuance	of	common	stock	upon	exercise	of	stock	options,
net	of	repurchases
	
	
​		
		
	
	
​		
		
	
	
	
	
1,345,842
		
	
	
2
		
	
	
16,498
		
	
	
​		
		
	
	
​		
		
	
	
16,500
		
Issuance	of	common	stock	under	employee	stock
purchase	plan
	
	
​		
		
	
	
​		
		
	
	
	
	
373,526
		
	
	
1
		
	
	
8,388
		
	
	
​		
		
	
	
​		
		
	
	
8,389
		
Stock-based	compensation
	
	
​		
		
	
	
​		
		
	
	
	
	
​		
		
	
	
​		
		
	
	
50,485
		
	
	
​		
		
	
	
​		
		
	
	
50,485
		
Comprehensive	loss:
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Net	loss
	
	
​		
		
	
	
​		
		
	
	
	
	
​		
		
	
	
​		
		
	
	
​		
		
	
	
(396,213
)	
	
	
​		
		
	
	
(396,213
)	
Unrealized	loss	on	short-term	marketable
securities,	net
	
	
​		
		
	
	
​		
		
	
	
	
	
​		
		
	
	
​		
		
	
	
​		
		
	
	
​		
		
	
	
3
		
	
	
3
		
	
	
Total	comprehensive	loss
	
	
​		
		
	
	
​		
		
	
	
	
	
​		
		
	
	
​		
		
	
	
​		
		
	
	
​		
		
	
	
​		
		
	
	
(396,210
)	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Balance	as	of	December	31,	2012
	
	
​		
		
	
	
​		
		
	
	
	
	
114,214,274
		
	
	
115
		
	
	
1,190,191
		
	
	
(1,065,606
)	
	
	
​		
		
	
$
124,700
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
The	accompanying	notes	are	an	integral	part	of	these	consolidated	financial	statements.
	
96Table	of	Contents
Tesla	Motors,	Inc.
Consolidated	Statements	of	Cash	Flows
(in	thousands)
	
	
		
Year	Ended	December	31,
	
	
		
2012
	
	
2011
	
	
2010
	
Cash	Flows	From	Operating	Activities
		
	
	
Net	loss
		
$
(396,213
)	
	
$
(254,411
)	
	
$
(154,328
)	
Adjustments	to	reconcile	net	loss	to	net	cash	used	in	operating	activities:
		
	
	
Depreciation	and	amortization
		
	
28,825
		
	
	
16,919
		
	
	
10,623
		
Change	in	fair	value	of	warrant	liabilities
		
	
1,854
		
	
	
2,750
		
	
	
5,022
		
Discounts	and	premiums	on	short-term	marketable	securities
		
	
56
		
	
	
(112
)	
	
	
​		
		
Stock-based	compensation
		
	
50,145
		
	
	
29,419
		
	
	
21,156
		
Excess	tax	benefits	from	stock-based	compensation
		
	
​			
		
	
	
​		
		
	
	
(74
)	
Loss	on	abandonment	of	fixed	assets
		
	
1,504
		
	
	
345
		
	
	
8
		
Inventory	write-downs
		
	
4,929
		
	
	
1,828
		
	
	
951
		
Changes	in	operating	assets	and	liabilities
		
	
	
Accounts	receivable
		
	
(17,303
)	
	
	
(2,829
)	
	
	
(3,222
)	
Inventories	and	operating	lease	vehicles
		
	
(194,726
)	
	
	
(13,638
)	
	
	
(28,513
)	
Prepaid	expenses	and	other	current	assets
		
	
1,121
		
	
	
(248
)	
	
	
(4,977
)	
Other	assets
		
	
(482
)	
	
	
(288
)	
	
	
(463
)	
Accounts	payable
		
	
187,821
		
	
	
19,891
		
	
	
(212
)	
Accrued	liabilities
		
	
9,603
		
	
	
10,620
		
	
	
13,345
		
Deferred	development	compensation
		
	
​			
		
	
	
​		
		
	
	
(156
)	
Deferred	revenue
		
	
(526
)	
	
	
(1,927
)	
	
	
4,801
		
Reservation	payments
		
	
47,056
		
	
	
61,006
		
	
	
4,707
		
Other	long-term	liabilities
		
	
10,255
		
	
	
2,641
		
	
	
3,515
		
		
	
	
	
Net	cash	used	in	operating	activities
		
	
(266,081
)	
	
	
(128,034
)	
	
	
(127,817
)	
		
	
	
	Cash	Flows	From	Investing	Activities
		
	
	
Purchases	of	marketable	securities
		
	
(14,992
)	
	
	
(64,952
)	
	
	
​		
		
Maturities	of	short-term	marketable	securities
		
	
40,000
		
	
	
40,000
		
	
	
​		
		
Payments	related	to	acquisition	of	Fremont	manufacturing	facility	and	related	assets
		
	
​		
		
	
	
​		
		
	
	
(65,210
)	
Purchases	of	property	and	equipment	excluding	capital	leases
		
	
(239,228
)	
	
	
(184,226
)	
	
	
(40,203
)	
Withdrawals	out	of	(transfers	into)	our	dedicated	Department	of	Energy	account,	net
		
	
8,620
		
	
	
50,121
		
	
	
(73,597
)	
Increase	in	other	restricted	cash
		
	
(1,330
)	
	
	
(3,201
)	
	
	
(1,287
)	
		
	
	
	
Net	cash	used	in	investing	activities
		
	
(206,930
)	
	
	
(162,258
)	
	
	
(180,297
)	
		
	
	
	
Cash	Flows	From	Financing	Activities
		
	
	
Proceeds	from	issuance	of	common	stock	in	public	offerings,	net
		
	
221,496
		
	
	
172,410
		
	
	
188,842
		
Proceeds	from	issuance	of	common	stock	in	private	placements
		
	
​		
		
	
	
59,058
		
	
	
80,000
		
Principal	payments	on	capital	leases	and	other	debt
		
	
(2,832
)	
	
	
(416
)	
	
	
(315
)	
Proceeds	from	long-term	debt	and	other	long-term	liabilities
		
	
188,796
		
	
	
204,423
		
	
	
71,828
		
Principal	payments	on	long-term	debt
		
	
(12,710
)	
	
	
​		
		
	
	
​		
		
Proceeds	from	exercise	of	stock	options	and	other	stock	issuances
		
	
24,885
		
	
	
10,525
		
	
	
1,350
		
Excess	tax	benefits	from	stock-based	compensation
		
	
​			
		
	
	
​		
		
	
	
74
		
Deferred	common	stock	and	loan	facility	issuance	costs
		
	
​			
		
	
	
​		
		
	
	
(3,734
)	
		
	
	
	
Net	cash	provided	by	financing	activities
		
	
419,635
		
	
	
446,000
		
	
	
338,045
		
		
	
	
	
Net	increase	(decrease)	in	cash	and	cash	equivalents
		
	
(53,376
)	
	
	
155,708
		
	
	
29,931
		
Cash	and	cash	equivalents	at	beginning	of	period
		
	
255,266
		
	
	
99,558
		
	
	
69,627
		
		
	
	
	
Cash	and	cash	equivalents	at	end	of	period
		
$
201,890
		
	
$
255,266
		
	
$
99,558
		
		
	
	
	
Supplemental	Disclosures
		
	
	
Interest	paid
		
$
6,938
		
	
$
3,472
		
	
$
1,138
		
Income	taxes	paid
		
	
117
		
	
	
282
		
	
	
9
		
Supplemental	noncash	investing	and	financing	activities
		
	
	
Conversion	of	preferred	stock	to	common	stock		
	
​		
		
	
	
​		
		
	
	
319,225
		
Issuance	of	common	stock	upon	net	exercise	of	warrants
		
	
​		
		
	
	
​		
		
	
	
6,962
		
Issuance	of	convertible	preferred	stock	warrant
		
	
​		
		
	
	
​		
		
	
	
6,294
		
Issuance	of	common	stock	warrant
		
	
​		
		
	
	
​		
		
	
	
1,701
		
Acquisition	of	property	and	equipment
		
	
44,890
		
	
	
15,592
		
	
	
4,482
		
The	accompanying	notes	are	an	integral	part	of	these	consolidated	financial	statements.
	
97Table	of	Contents
Tesla	Motors,	Inc.
Notes	to	Consolidated	Financial	Statements
1.	Overview	of	the	Company
Tesla	Motors,	Inc.	(Tesla,	we,	us	or	our)	was	incorporated	in	the	state	of	Delaware	on	July	1,	2003.	We	design,	develop,	manufacture	and	sell	high-
performance	fully	electric	vehicles	and	advanced	electric	vehicle	powertrain	components.	We	have	wholly-owned	subsidiaries	in	North	America,	Europe
and	Asia.	The	primary	purpose	of	these	subsidiaries	is	to	market	and/or	service	our	vehicles.
Since	inception,	we	have	incurred	significant	losses	and	have	used	approximately	$709.2	million	of	cash	in	operations	through	December	31,
2012.	As	of	December	31,	2012,	we	had	$201.9	million	in	cash	and	cash	equivalents.	We	expect	that	our	current	sources	of	liquidity,	including	cash,
cash	equivalents,	cash	held	in	our	dedicated	Department	of	Energy	(DOE)	account,	together	with	our	current	projections	of	cash	flow	from	operating
activities,	will	provide	us	adequate	liquidity,	based	on	our	current	plans.	These	capital	sources	will	enable	us	to	fund	our	ongoing	operations,	continue
research	and	development	projects	and	establish	sales	and	service	centers.
Correction	of	Prior	Year	Amounts
We	have	revised	our	consolidated	statement	of	cash	flows	for	the	year	ended	December	31,	2011	to	correct	an	immaterial	error.	Amounts	related
to	purchases	of	property	and	equipment	during	2011	that	were	not	paid	at	December	31,	2011	were	erroneously	included	as	cash	outflows	from
investing	activities	in	our	previously	issued	financial	statements.	This	revision	resulted	in	a	$13.7	million	decrease	in	purchases	of	property	and
equipment	included	in	cash	flows	used	in	investing	activities	and	a	corresponding	increase	in	the	change	in	accounts	payable	resulting	in	an	increase	in
cash	flows	used	in	operating	activities.	We	have	also	revised	our	supplemental	disclosure	of	noncash	acquisition	of	property	and	equipment	by	an
increase	of	$12.9	million	for	2011.
Additionally,	we	have	restated	the	unaudited	statements	of	cash	flows	for	interim	periods	during	the	years	ended	December	31,	2012	and	2011
for	similar	errors	in	our	cash	flows	used	in	investing	activities	and	cash	flows	used	in	operating	activities	(see	Note	17).
There	was	no	impact	on	previously	reported	total	cash	and	cash	equivalents,	consolidated	balance	sheets	or	consolidated	statements	of
operations.
Unadjusted	Error	in	2009
In	June	2010,	we	identified	an	error	related	to	the	understatement	in	stock-based	compensation	expense	subsequent	to	the	issuance	of	the
consolidated	financial	statements	for	the	year	ended	December	31,	2009.
In	the	fourth	quarter	of	2009,	we	granted	certain	stock	options	for	which	a	portion	of	the	grant	was	immediately	vested.	We	erroneously
accounted	for	the	expense	on	a	straight-line	basis	over	the	term	of	the	award,	while	expense	recognition	should	always	be	at	least	commensurate	with
the	number	of	awards	vesting	during	the	period.	As	a	result,	selling,	general	and	administrative	expenses	and	net	loss	for	the	year	ended	December	31,
2009	were	understated	by	$2.7	million.	The	error	did	not	have	an	effect	on	the	valuation	of	the	stock	options.	As	stock-based	compensation	expense	is	a
non-cash	item,	there	was	no	impact	on	net	cash	used	in	operating	activities	for	the	year	ended	December	31,	2009.
To	correct	this	error,	we	recorded	additional	stock-based	compensation	of	$2.4	million	in	the	three	months	ended	June	30,	2010.	We	considered
the	impact	of	the	error	on	reported	operating	expenses	and	trends	in	operating	results	and	determined	that	the	impact	of	the	error	was	not	material	to
previously	reported	financial	information	as	well	as	those	related	to	the	year	ended	December	31,	2010.
	
98Table	of	Contents
2.	Summary	of	Significant	Accounting	Policies
Basis	of	Consolidation
The	consolidated	financial	statements	include	the	accounts	of	Tesla	and	its	wholly	owned	subsidiaries.	All	significant	inter-company	transactions
and	balances	have	been	eliminated	in	consolidation.
Use	of	Estimates
The	preparation	of	financial	statements	in	conformity	with	accounting	principles	generally	accepted	in	the	United	States	of	America	requires
management	to	make	estimates	and	assumptions	that	affect	the	reported	amounts	of	assets	and	liabilities	and	disclosure	of	contingent	liabilities	at	the
date	of	the	financial	statements,	and	reported	amounts	of	expenses	during	the	reporting	period,	including	revenue	recognition,	inventory	valuation,
warranties,	fair	value	of	financial	instruments	and	stock-based	compensation.	Actual	results	could	differ	from	those	estimates.
Revenue	Recognition
We	recognize	revenues	from	sales	of	Model	S	and	the	Tesla	Roadster,	including	vehicle	options	and	accessories,	vehicle	service	and	sales	of
regulatory	credits,	such	as	zero	emission	vehicle	(ZEV)	and	greenhouse	gas	emission	(GHG)	credits,	as	well	as	sales	of	electric	vehicle	powertrain
components	and	systems,	such	as	battery	packs	and	drive	units	and	sales	of	services	related	to	the	development	of	these	systems.	We	recognize	revenue
when:	(i)	persuasive	evidence	of	an	arrangement	exists;	(ii)	delivery	has	occurred	and	there	are	no	uncertainties	regarding	customer	acceptance;
(iii)	fees	are	fixed	or	determinable;	and	(iv)	collection	is	reasonably	assured.
For	multiple	deliverable	revenue	arrangements,	we	allocate	revenue	to	each	element	based	on	a	selling	price	hierarchy.	The	selling	price	for	a
deliverable	is	based	on	its	vendor	specific	objective	evidence	(VSOE)	if	available,	third	party	evidence	(TPE)	if	VSOE	is	not	available,	or	estimated
selling	price	if	neither	VSOE	nor	TPE	is	available.	To	date,	we	have	been	able	to	establish	the	fair	value	for	each	of	the	deliverables	within	multiple
element	arrangements	because	we	sell	each	of	the	vehicles,	vehicles	accessories	and	options	separately,	outside	of	any	multiple	element	arrangements.
Automotive	Sales
Automotive	sales	consisted	of	the	following	for	the	periods	presented	(in	thousands):
	
	
		
Year	Ended	December	31,
	
	
		
2012
	
		
2011
	
		
2010
	
Vehicle,	options	and	related	sales
		
$
354,344
		
		
$
101,708
		
		
$
75,459
		
Powertrain	component	and	related	sales
		
	
31,355
		
		
	
46,860
		
		
	
21,619
		
		
	
	
	
		
	
Total	automotive	sales
		
$
385,699
		
		
$
148,568
		
		
$
97,078
		
		
	
	
	
		
	
Automotive	sales	consist	primarily	of	revenue	earned	from	the	sales	of	the	Model	S,	Tesla	Roadster,	vehicle	service,	and	vehicle	options,
accessories	and	destination	charges	as	well	as	sales	of	regulatory	credits.	Automotive	sales	also	consist	of	revenue	earned	from	the	sales	of	electric
vehicle	powertrain	components	and	systems,	such	as	battery	packs	and	drive	units,	to	other	automotive	manufacturers.	Sales	or	other	amounts
collected	in	advance	of	meeting	all	of	the	revenue	recognition	criteria	are	not	recognized	in	the	consolidated	statements	of	operations	and	are	instead
recorded	as	deferred	revenue	on	the	consolidated	balance	sheets.
In	regards	to	the	sale	of	Model	S	and	the	Tesla	Roadsters,	revenue	is	generally	recognized	when	all	risks	and	rewards	of	ownership	are
transferred	to	our	customers.	In	a	limited	number	of	circumstances,	we	may	deliver
	
99Table	of	Contents
a	vehicle	to	a	customer	without	all	of	the	options	ordered	by	the	customer	if	the	options	do	not	limit	the	functionality	of	the	vehicle.	In	such	cases,	we
will	continue	to	defer	the	related	revenue	based	on	the	undelivered	item​s	fair	value,	as	evidenced	by	the	contractual	price	of	the	option	in	stand-alone
transactions.	Automotive	sales	also	consist	of	revenue	earned	from	the	sales	of	vehicle	options,	accessories	and	destination	charges.	While	these	sales
may	take	place	separately	from	a	vehicle	sale,	they	are	often	part	of	a	single	vehicle	sales	agreement	resulting	in	multiple	element	arrangements.	To
determine	the	appropriate	accounting	for	recognition	of	our	revenue,	we	consider	whether	the	deliverables	specified	in	the	multiple	element
arrangement	should	be	treated	as	separate	units	of	accounting,	and,	if	so,	how	the	price	should	be	allocated	among	the	elements,	when	to	recognize
revenue	for	each	element,	and	the	period	over	which	revenue	should	be	recognized.	We	also	evaluate	whether	a	delivered	item	has	value	on	a	stand-
alone	basis	prior	to	delivery	of	the	remaining	items	by	determining	whether	we	have	made	separate	sales	of	such	items	or	whether	the	undelivered
items	are	essential	to	the	functionality	of	the	delivered	items.	Further,	we	assess	whether	we	know	the	fair	value	of	the	undelivered	items,	determined
by	reference	to	stand-alone	sales	of	such	items.	To	date,	we	have	been	able	to	establish	the	fair	value	for	each	of	the	deliverables	within	these	multiple
element	arrangements	because	we	sell	each	of	the	vehicles,	vehicle	accessories	and	options	separately,	outside	of	any	multiple	element	arrangements.
As	each	of	these	items	has	stand-alone	value	to	the	customer,	revenue	from	sales	of	vehicle	accessories	and	options	are	recognized	when	those	specific
items	are	delivered	to	the	customer.
In	February	2010,	we	began	offering	a	leasing	program	to	qualified	customers	in	the	United	States	for	the	Tesla	Roadster.	Through	our	wholly
owned	subsidiary,	qualifying	customers	are	permitted	to	lease	the	Tesla	Roadster	for	36	months,	after	which	time	they	have	the	option	of	either
returning	the	vehicle	to	us	or	purchasing	it	for	a	pre-determined	residual	value.	We	account	for	these	leasing	transactions	as	operating	leases	and
accordingly,	we	recognize	leasing	revenues	on	a	straight-line	basis	over	the	term	of	the	individual	leases	and	record	cost	of	sales	equal	to	the
depreciation	of	the	leased	vehicles.	As	of	December	31,	2012	and	2011,	we	had	deferred	revenues	of	$0.7	million	and	$0.8	million,	respectively,	of	down
payments	which	will	be	recognized	over	the	term	of	the	individual	leases.	Lease	revenues	are	recorded	in	automotive	sales	and	for	the	years	ended
December	31,	2012,	2011	and	2010,	we	recognized	$3.6	million,	$3.0	million	and	$0.8	million,	respectively.
Regulatory	Credits	Sales
California	and	certain	other	states	have	laws	in	place	requiring	vehicle	manufacturers	to	ensure	that	a	portion	of	the	vehicles	delivered	for	sale	in
that	state	during	each	model	year	are	zero	emission	vehicles.	These	laws	and	regulations	provide	that	a	manufacturer	of	zero	emission	vehicles	may
earn	regulatory	credits,	and	may	sell	excess	credits	to	other	manufacturers	who	apply	such	credits	to	comply	with	these	regulatory	requirements.
Similar	regulations	exist	at	the	federal	level	which	require	compliance	related	to	greenhouse	gas	(GHG)	emissions	and	also	allow	for	the	sale	of	excess
credits	by	one	manufacturer	to	other	manufacturers.	As	a	manufacturer	solely	of	zero	emission	vehicles,	we	have	earned	emission	credits,	such	as	ZEV
and	GHG	credits	on	vehicles,	and	we	expect	to	continue	to	earn	these	credits	in	the	future.	Since	all	of	our	commercial	vehicles	are	electric,	we	do	not
receive	any	compliance	benefit	from	the	generation	of	these	credits,	and	accordingly	look	to	sell	them	to	other	vehicle	manufacturers.	In	order	to
facilitate	the	sale	of	these	credits,	we	enter	into	contractual	agreements	with	third	parties	requiring	them	to	purchase	our	regulatory	credits	at	pre-
determined	prices.	We	recognize	revenue	on	the	sale	of	these	credits	at	the	time	legal	title	to	the	credits	are	transferred	to	the	purchasing	party	by	the
governmental	agency	issuing	the	credits.	Revenue	from	the	sale	of	regulatory	credits	totaled	$40.5	million,	$2.7	million	and	$2.8	million	for	the	years
ended	December	31,	2012,	2011	and	2010,	respectively.
Extended	Service	and	Battery	Replacement	Plans
We	provide	Tesla	Roadster	customers	with	the	opportunity	to	purchase	an	extended	warranty	plan	for	the	period	after	the	end	of	our	initial	New
Vehicle	Limited	Warranty	to	cover	additional	services	for	an	additional	three	years	or	36,000	miles.	We	refer	to	this	program	as	our	Extended	Service
plan.	Amounts	collected	on	these	sales	are	initially	recorded	in	deferred	revenues	on	the	consolidated	balance	sheets	and	recognized	in	automotive
sales	over	the	extended	warranty	period.	As	of	December	31,	2012	and	2011,	we	had	deferred	$1.5	million,
	
100Table	of	Contents
respectively.	During	the	year	ended	December	31,	2012,	we	recognized	revenue	of	$0.1	million	related	to	this	program.
Additionally,	we	have	previously	provided	customers	of	our	Tesla	Roadsters	with	a	one-time	option	to	replace	the	battery	packs	in	their	vehicles	at
any	time	after	the	expiration	of	the	New	Vehicle	Limited	Warranty	but	before	the	tenth	anniversary	of	the	purchase	date	of	their	vehicles.	We	refer	to
this	program	as	our	Battery	Replacement	program.	Amounts	collected	on	these	sales	are	initially	recorded	in	deferred	revenues	on	the	consolidated
balance	sheets	and	recognized	in	automotive	sales	as	we	fulfill	our	obligation	to	replace	the	battery	packs.	As	of	December	31,	2012	and	2011,	we	had
deferred	$1.2	million,	respectively,	related	to	the	Battery	Replacement	program	and	have	not	yet	recognized	any	related	revenues.
Development	Services	Revenue
Revenue	from	development	services	arrangements	consist	of	revenue	earned	from	the	development	of	electric	vehicle	powertrain	components	and
systems	for	other	automobile	manufacturers,	including	the	design	and	development	of	battery	packs,	drive	units	and	sample	vehicles	to	meet	a
customer​s	specifications.	Revenue	is	recognized	as	the	performance	requirements	of	each	development	arrangement	are	met	and	collection	is
reasonably	assured.	Where	development	arrangements	include	substantive	at-risk	milestones,	revenue	is	recognized	based	upon	the	achievement	of	the
contractually-defined	milestones.	Amounts	collected	in	advance	of	meeting	all	of	the	revenue	recognition	criteria	are	not	recognized	in	the	consolidated
statement	of	operations	and	are	instead	recorded	as	deferred	revenue	on	the	consolidated	balance	sheets.	Costs	of	development	services	are	expensed
as	incurred.	When	development	services	arrangements	have	multiple	elements,	we	evaluate	the	separability	of	the	various	deliverables	to	ensure
appropriate	revenue	recognition.	Costs	of	development	services	incurred	in	periods	prior	to	the	finalization	of	an	agreement	are	recorded	as	research
and	development	expenses;	once	an	agreement	is	finalized,	these	costs	are	recorded	in	cost	of	revenues.
Freestanding	Stock	Warrants
We	had	freestanding	warrants	to	purchase	shares	of	our	convertible	preferred	stock	prior	to	our	IPO	in	July	2010.	The	warrants	were	subject	to
re-measurement	to	fair	value	at	each	balance	sheet	date	and	any	change	in	fair	value	was	recognized	in	other	expense,	net,	on	the	consolidated
statement	of	operations.	For	our	Series	C	and	other	Series	E	convertible	preferred	stock	warrants,	excluding	the	DOE	warrants,	we	adjusted	the
liability	for	changes	in	fair	value	through	the	completion	of	our	IPO.	At	that	time,	the	convertible	preferred	stock	warrants	were	net	exercised	and	the
related	liability	was	reclassified	to	additional	paid-in	capital.	For	the	Series	E	convertible	preferred	stock	warrants	issued	to	the	DOE	(see	Note	8),	upon
the	completion	of	our	IPO,	the	DOE	warrants	converted	into	warrants	to	purchase	our	common	stock.	The	related	liability	will	continue	to	be	adjusted
for	changes	in	fair	value	until	the	earlier	of	vesting	or	expiration	of	the	warrants.	If	the	warrants	are	exercised,	the	warrant	liability	will	be	reclassified
to	common	stock	and	additional	paid-in	capital.
Cash	and	Cash	Equivalents
All	highly	liquid	investments	with	an	original	or	remaining	maturity	of	three	months	or	less	at	the	date	of	purchase	are	considered	to	be	cash
equivalents.	We	currently	deposit	excess	cash	primarily	in	money	market	funds.
Marketable	Securities
Marketable	securities	are	comprised	of	commercial	paper	and	corporate	debt	and	are	all	designated	as	available-for-sale	and	reported	at
estimated	fair	value,	with	unrealized	gains	and	losses	recorded	in	accumulated	other	comprehensive	loss	which	is	included	within	stockholders​	equity.
Realized	gains	and	losses	on	the	sale	of	available-for-sale	marketable	securities	are	recorded	in	other	expense,	net.	The	cost	of	available-for-sale
	
101Table	of	Contents
marketable	securities	sold	is	based	on	the	specific	identification	method.	Interest,	dividends,	amortization	and	accretion	of	purchase	premiums	and
discounts	on	our	marketable	securities	are	included	in	other	expense,	net.	Available-for-sale	marketable	securities	with	maturities	greater	than	three
months	at	the	date	of	purchase	and	remaining	maturities	of	one	year	or	less	are	classified	as	short-term	marketable	securities.	Where	temporary
declines	in	fair	value	exist,	we	have	the	ability	and	the	intent	to	hold	these	securities	for	a	period	of	time	sufficient	to	allow	for	any	anticipated	recovery
in	fair	value.
We	regularly	review	all	of	our	marketable	securities	for	other-than-temporary	declines	in	fair	value.	The	review	includes	but	is	not	limited	to
(i)	the	consideration	of	the	cause	of	the	impairment,	(ii)	the	creditworthiness	of	the	security	issuers,	(iii)	the	length	of	time	a	security	is	in	an	unrealized
loss	position,	and	(iv)	our	ability	to	hold	the	security	for	a	period	of	time	sufficient	to	allow	for	any	anticipated	recovery	in	fair	value.
Restricted	Cash	and	Deposits
We	maintain	certain	cash	amounts	restricted	as	to	withdrawal	or	use.	We	maintained	total	restricted	cash	of	$24.3	million	and	$31.5	million	as	of
December	31,	2012	and	2011,	respectively.	Current	restricted	cash	primarily	represents	cash	held	in	separate	dedicated	accounts	required	under	our
DOE	loan	facility	(see	Note	8)	and	is	used	as	a	mechanism	to	defer	advances	under	the	DOE	loan	facility	as	well	as	to	pre-fund	planned	future	loan
repayments.	Noncurrent	restricted	cash	is	comprised	primarily	of	security	deposits	held	by	vendors	as	part	of	the	vendors​	standard	credit	policies,
security	deposits	related	to	lease	agreements	and	equipment	financing,	and	certain	refundable	reservation	payments	segregated	in	accordance	with
state	consumer	protection	regulations.
Accounts	Receivable	and	Allowance	for	Doubtful	Accounts
Accounts	receivable	primarily	include	amounts	related	to	sales	of	powertrain	systems	and	regulatory	credits	to	other	vehicle	manufacturers.	In
circumstances	where	we	are	aware	of	a	specific	customer​s	inability	to	meet	its	financial	obligations	to	us,	we	provide	an	allowance	against	amounts
receivable	to	reduce	the	net	recognized	receivable	to	the	amount	we	reasonably	believe	will	be	collected.	We	typically	do	not	carry	accounts	receivable
related	to	our	vehicle	and	related	sales	as	customer	payments	are	due	prior	to	vehicle	delivery.
Concentration	of	Risk
Credit	Risk
Financial	instruments	that	potentially	subject	us	to	a	concentration	of	credit	risk	consist	of	cash,	cash	equivalents,	marketable	securities,
restricted	cash	and	accounts	receivable.	Our	cash	equivalents	are	primarily	invested	in	money	market	funds	with	high	credit	quality	financial
institutions	in	the	United	States.	At	times,	these	deposits	and	securities	may	be	in	excess	of	insured	limits.	We	invest	cash	not	required	for	use	in
operations	in	high	credit	quality	securities	based	on	our	investment	policy.	Our	investment	policy	provides	guidelines	and	limits	regarding	credit
quality,	investment	concentration,	investment	type,	and	maturity	that	we	believe	will	provide	liquidity	while	reducing	risk	of	loss	of	capital.	Investments
are	of	a	short-term	nature	and	include	investments	in	corporate	debt	securities.
As	of	December	31,	2012	and	2011,	our	accounts	receivable	were	derived	primarily	from	the	development	and	sales	of	powertrain	systems	as	well
as	sales	of	regulatory	credits	to	other	automobile	manufacturers.
The	following	summarizes	the	accounts	receivable	in	excess	of	10%	of	our	total	accounts	receivable:
	
	
		
December	31,
2012
	
	
December	31,
2011
	
Customer	A
		
	
56
%	
	
	
​		
		
Customer	B
		
	
15
%	
	
	
52
%	
Customer	C
		
	
​		
		
	
	
38
%	
	
102Table	of	Contents
Supply	Risk
Although	there	may	be	multiple	suppliers	available,	many	of	the	components	used	in	our	vehicles	are	purchased	by	us	from	a	single	source.	If
these	single	source	suppliers	fail	to	satisfy	our	requirements	on	a	timely	basis	at	competitive	prices,	we	could	suffer	manufacturing	delays,	a	possible
loss	of	revenues,	or	incur	higher	cost	of	sales,	any	of	which	could	adversely	affect	our	operating	results.
Inventories	and	Inventory	Valuation
Inventories	are	stated	at	the	lower	of	cost	or	market.	Cost	is	computed	using	standard	cost,	which	approximates	actual	cost	on	a	first-in,	first-out
basis.	We	record	inventory	write-downs	based	on	reviews	for	excess	and	obsolescence	determined	primarily	by	future	demand	forecasts.	We	also	adjust
the	carrying	value	of	our	inventories	when	we	believe	that	the	net	realizable	value	is	less	than	the	carrying	value.	These	write-downs	are	measured	as
the	difference	between	the	cost	of	the	inventory,	including	estimated	costs	to	complete,	and	estimated	selling	prices.	Once	inventory	is	written	down,	a
new,	lower-cost	basis	for	that	inventory	is	established,	and	subsequent	changes	in	facts	and	circumstances	do	not	result	in	the	restoration	or	increase	in
that	newly	established	cost	basis.
Property,	Plant	and	Equipment
Property,	plant	and	equipment	are	recognized	at	cost	less	accumulated	depreciation.	Depreciation	is	generally	computed	using	the	straight-line
method	over	the	estimated	useful	lives	of	the	related	assets	as	follows:
	
Computer	equipment	and	software
		
	
3	years
		
Office	furniture,	machinery	and	equipment
		
	
3	to	12	years
		
Building	and	building	improvements
		
	
30	years
		
Depreciation	for	tooling	is	computed	using	the	units-of-production	method	whereby	capitalized	costs	are	amortized	over	the	total	estimated
productive	life	of	the	related	assets,	which	is	generally	up	to	125,000	vehicles.
Leasehold	improvements	are	amortized	on	a	straight-line	basis	over	the	shorter	of	their	estimated	useful	lives	or	the	term	of	the	related	lease.
Upon	retirement	or	sale,	the	cost	and	related	accumulated	depreciation	are	removed	from	the	balance	sheet	and	the	resulting	gain	or	loss	is	reflected	in
operations.	Maintenance	and	repair	expenditures	are	expensed	as	incurred,	while	major	improvements	that	increase	functionality	of	the	asset	are
capitalized	and	depreciated	ratably	to	expense	over	the	identified	useful	life.	Land	is	not	depreciated.
Interest	expense	on	outstanding	debt	is	capitalized	during	the	period	of	significant	capital	asset	construction.	Capitalized	interest	on	construction
in	progress	is	included	in	property,	plant	and	equipment,	and	is	amortized	over	the	life	of	the	related	assets.
Operating	Lease	Vehicles
Vehicles	that	are	leased	as	part	of	our	leasing	program,	are	classified	as	operating	lease	vehicles.	Operating	lease	vehicles	are	recorded	at	cost
less	accumulated	depreciation.	Depreciation	is	computed	using	the	straight-line	method	over	the	term	of	the	operating	leases	of	three	years.	The	total
cost	of	operating	lease	vehicles	recorded	in	the	consolidated	balance	sheets	as	of	December	31,	2012	and	2011	was	$13.4	million	and	$13.7	million,
respectively.	Accumulated	depreciation	related	to	leased	vehicles	as	of	December	31,	2012	and	2011	was	$3.3	million	and	$2.0	million,	respectively.
Intangible	Assets
Intangible	assets	with	finite	useful	lives	are	amortized	over	their	estimated	useful	lives.	As	of	December	31,	2012	and	2011,	intangible	assets	are
comprised	of	emission	permits	related	to	our	Tesla	Factory.	These	emission	permits	are	related	to	the	operation	of	our	Tesla	Factory	and	therefore,	are
amortized	over	the	same	useful	life.
	
103Table	of	Contents
Long-lived	Assets
We	evaluate	our	long-lived	assets,	including	intangible	assets,	for	indicators	of	possible	impairment	when	events	or	changes	in	circumstances
indicate	the	carrying	amount	of	an	asset	may	not	be	recoverable.	Impairment	exists	if	the	carrying	amounts	of	such	assets	exceed	the	estimates	of
future	net	undiscounted	cash	flows	expected	to	be	generated	by	such	assets.	Should	impairment	exist,	the	impairment	loss	would	be	measured	based	on
the	excess	carrying	value	of	the	asset	over	the	asset​s	estimated	fair	value.	As	of	December	31,	2012	and	2011,	we	have	not	recorded	any	impairment
losses	on	our	long-lived	assets.
Research	and	Development	Costs
Research	and	development	costs	are	expensed	as	incurred.	Research	and	development	expenses	consist	primarily	of	payroll,	benefits	and	stock-
based	compensation	of	those	employees	engaged	in	research,	design	and	development	activities,	costs	related	to	design	tools,	license	expenses	related
to	intellectual	property,	supplies	and	services,	depreciation	and	other	occupancy	costs.	Also	included	in	research	and	development	are	development
services	costs	incurred,	if	any,	prior	to	the	finalization	of	agreements	with	our	development	services	customers	as	reaching	a	final	agreement	and
revenue	recognition	is	not	assured.	Development	services	costs	incurred	after	the	finalization	of	an	agreement	are	recorded	in	cost	of	revenues.
Advertising	and	Promotion	Costs
Advertising	and	sales	promotion	costs	are	expensed	as	incurred.	During	the	years	ended	December	31,	2012,	2011	and	2010,	advertising,
promotion	and	related	marketing	expenses	were	$3.9	million,	$2.9	million	and	$3.1	million,	respectively.
Income	Taxes
Income	taxes	are	computed	using	the	asset	and	liability	method,	under	which	deferred	tax	assets	and	liabilities	are	determined	based	on	the
difference	between	the	financial	statement	and	tax	bases	of	assets	and	liabilities	using	enacted	tax	rates	in	effect	for	the	year	in	which	the	differences
are	expected	to	affect	taxable	income.	Valuation	allowances	are	established	when	necessary	to	reduce	deferred	tax	assets	to	the	amount	expected	to	be
realized.
We	record	liabilities	related	to	uncertain	tax	positions	when,	despite	our	belief	that	our	tax	return	positions	are	supportable,	we	believe	that	it	is
more	likely	than	not	that	those	positions	may	not	be	fully	sustained	upon	review	by	tax	authorities.	Accrued	interest	and	penalties	related	to
unrecognized	tax	benefits	are	classified	as	income	tax	expense.
Stock-based	Compensation
We	recognize	compensation	expense	for	costs	related	to	all	share-based	payments,	including	stock	options.	The	fair	value	of	share-based	payment
awards	are	estimated	on	the	grant	date	using	an	option	pricing	model.	Stock-based	compensation	expense	is	recognized	on	a	straight-line	basis	over	the
service	period,	net	of	estimated	forfeitures.
We	have	elected	to	use	the	​with	and	without​	approach	in	determining	the	order	in	which	tax	attributes	are	utilized.	As	a	result,	we	will	only
recognize	a	tax	benefit	from	stock-based	awards	in	additional	paid-in	capital	if	an	incremental	tax	benefit	is	realized	after	all	other	tax	attributes
currently	available	to	us	have	been	utilized.	In	addition,	we	have	elected	to	account	for	the	indirect	effects	of	stock-based	awards	on	other	tax
attributes,	such	as	the	research	tax	credit,	through	our	consolidated	statement	of	operations.
We	account	for	equity	instruments	issued	to	non-employees	based	on	the	fair	value	of	the	awards.	The	fair	value	of	the	awards	granted	to	non-
employees	is	re-measured	as	the	awards	vest	and	the	resulting	change	in	fair	value,	if	any,	is	recognized	in	the	consolidated	statements	of	operations
during	the	period	the	related	services	are	rendered.
	
104Table	of	Contents
For	performance-based	awards,	stock-based	compensation	expense	is	recognized	over	the	expected	performance	achievement	period	of	individual
performance	milestones	when	the	achievement	of	each	individual	performance	milestone	becomes	probable.
In	August	2012,	our	Board	of	Directors	granted	stock	options	to	Elon	Musk,	our	Product	Architect	and	Chief	Executive	Officer	(CEO	Grant)
subject	to	a	vesting	schedule	based	entirely	on	performance	and	market	conditions.	The	stock-based	compensation	expense	associated	with	the	CEO
Grant	is	recognized	over	the	longer	of	the	expected	achievement	period	of	the	performance	and	market	conditions	as	the	relevant	performance
condition	is	probable	of	being	met	(see	Note	10).
Foreign	Currency	Remeasurement	and	Transactions
For	each	of	our	foreign	subsidiaries,	the	functional	currency	is	the	U.S.	Dollar.	For	these	foreign	subsidiaries,	monetary	assets	and	liabilities
denominated	in	non-U.S.	currencies	are	re-measured	to	U.S.	Dollars	using	current	exchange	rates	in	effect	at	the	balance	sheet	date.	Non-monetary
assets	and	liabilities	denominated	in	non-U.S.	currencies	are	maintained	at	historical	U.S.	Dollar	exchange	rates.	Revenues	and	expenses	are	re-
measured	at	average	U.S.	Dollar	monthly	rates.
Foreign	currency	transaction	gains	and	losses	are	a	result	of	the	effect	of	exchange	rate	changes	on	transactions	denominated	in	currencies	other
than	the	functional	currency.	Transaction	gains	and	losses	are	recognized	in	other	expense,	net,	in	the	consolidated	statements	of	operations	and	have
not	been	significant	for	any	periods	presented.
We	hedge	a	portion	of	our	foreign	currency	exposures	related	to	outstanding	monetary	assets	and	liabilities	using	foreign	currency	exchange
forward	contracts.	In	general,	the	market	risk	related	to	these	contracts	is	offset	by	corresponding	gains	and	losses	on	the	hedged	transactions.	The
credit	risk	associated	with	these	contracts	is	driven	by	changes	in	interest	and	currency	exchange	rates	and,	as	a	result,	varies	over	time.	These
contracts	are	not	designated	as	hedges,	and	as	a	result,	changes	in	their	fair	value	are	recorded	in	other	expense,	net,	on	our	consolidated	statements
of	operations.	We	do	not	enter	into	derivative	contracts	for	trading	purposes.
Comprehensive	Loss
Comprehensive	loss	is	comprised	of	net	loss	and	other	comprehensive	loss.	Other	comprehensive	loss	consists	of	unrealized	gains	and	losses	on
our	available-for-sale	marketable	securities	that	have	been	excluded	from	the	determination	of	net	loss.
Warranties
We	began	recording	warranty	reserves	with	the	commencement	of	Tesla	Roadster	sales	in	2008.	Initially,	Tesla	Roadsters	were	sold	with	a
warranty	of	three	years	or	36,000	miles,	which	we	extended	to	four	years	or	50,000	miles	for	the	purchasers	of	our	2008	Tesla	Roadster.	Tesla	Roadster
customers	had	the	opportunity	to	purchase	an	Extended	Service	plan	for	the	period	after	the	end	of	the	New	Vehicle	Limited	Warranty	to	cover
additional	services	for	an	additional	three	years	or	36,000	miles,	provided	they	are	purchased	within	a	specified	period	of	time.	In	June	2012,	we
commenced	deliveries	of	Model	S.	Model	S	is	sold	with	a	warranty	of	four	years	or	50,000	miles	for	most	vehicle	components	and	covers	the	battery
pack	for	a	period	of	eight	years	or	100,000	miles,	125,000	miles	or	unlimited	miles,	depending	on	the	size	of	the	vehicle​s	battery,	although	the	battery
pack​s	charging	capacity	is	not	covered	under	the	New	Vehicle	Limited	Warranty	or	any	Extended	Service	plan.	Accrued	warranty	activity	consisted	of
the	following	for	the	periods	presented	(in	thousands):
	
	
		
Year	Ended	December	31,
	
	
		
2012
	
	
2011
	
	
2010
	
Accrued	warranty​beginning	of	period
		
$
6,315
		
	
$
5,417
		
	
$
3,757
		
Warranty	costs	incurred
		
	
(3,424
)	
	
	
(2,750
)	
	
	
(2,231
)	
Provision	for	warranty
		
	
10,122
		
	
	
3,648
		
	
	
3,891
		
	
	
	
Accrued	warranty​end	of	period
		
$
13,013
		
	
$
6,315
		
	
$
5,417
		
	
	
	
	
105Table	of	Contents
We	provide	a	warranty	on	all	vehicle,	production	powertrain	components	and	systems	sales,	and	we	accrue	warranty	reserves	at	the	time	a
vehicle	or	production	powertrain	component	is	delivered	to	the	customer.	Warranty	reserves	include	management​s	best	estimate	of	the	projected	costs
to	repair	or	to	replace	any	items	under	warranty,	based	on	actual	warranty	experience	as	it	becomes	available	and	other	known	factors	that	may	impact
our	evaluation	of	historical	data.	We	review	our	reserves	at	least	quarterly	to	ensure	that	our	accruals	are	adequate	in	meeting	expected	future
warranty	obligations,	and	we	will	adjust	our	estimates	as	needed.	Warranty	expense	is	recorded	as	a	component	of	cost	of	revenues	in	the	consolidated
statements	of	operations.	The	portion	of	the	warranty	provision	which	is	expected	to	be	incurred	within	12	months	from	the	balance	sheet	date	is
classified	as	current,	while	the	remaining	amount	is	classified	as	long-term.
Environmental	Liabilities
We	are	subject	to	federal	and	state	laws	and	regulations	for	the	protection	of	the	environment,	including	those	related	to	the	discharge	of
hazardous	materials	and	remediation	of	contaminated	sites.	In	October	2010,	we	completed	the	purchase	of	our	Tesla	Factory	located	in	Fremont,
California	from	New	United	Motor	Manufacturing,	Inc.	(NUMMI).	NUMMI	has	previously	identified	environmental	conditions	at	the	Fremont	site	which
affect	soil	and	groundwater.	As	the	owner	of	the	Fremont	site,	we	may	be	responsible	for	the	entire	investigation	and	remediation	of	any	environmental
contamination	at	the	Fremont	site,	whether	it	occurred	before	or	after	the	date	we	purchased	the	property.	Upon	the	completion	of	the	purchase	in
October	2010,	we	recorded	the	fair	value	of	the	environmental	liabilities	that	we	estimated	to	be	$5.3	million.	The	fair	value	of	these	liabilities	was
determined	based	on	an	expected	value	analysis	of	the	related	potential	costs	to	investigate,	remediate	and	manage	various	environmental	conditions
that	were	identified	as	part	of	NUMMI​s	facility	decommissioning	activities	as	well	as	our	own	diligence	efforts.	Estimated	potential	costs	are	not
discounted	to	present	value	as	the	timing	of	payments	cannot	be	reasonably	estimated.
Net	Loss	per	Share	of	Common	Stock
Our	basic	and	diluted	net	loss	per	share	of	common	stock	is	calculated	by	dividing	net	loss	by	the	weighted-average	shares	of	common	stock
outstanding	for	the	period.	Potentially	dilutive	shares,	which	are	based	on	the	number	of	shares	underlying	outstanding	stock	options	and	warrants,	are
not	included	when	their	effect	is	antidilutive.
The	following	table	presents	the	potential	common	shares	outstanding	that	were	excluded	from	the	computation	of	basic	and	diluted	net	loss	per
share	of	common	stock	for	the	periods	presented:
	
	
		
Year	Ended	December	31,
	
	
		
2012
	
		
2011
	
		
2010
	
Period-end	stock	options	to	purchase	common	stock
		
	
25,007,776
		
		
	
15,806,663
		
		
	
13,804,788
		
Period-end	DOE	warrant	to	purchase	common	stock
		
	
3,090,111
		
		
	
3,090,111
		
		
	
3,090,111
		
Period-end	common	stock	subject	to	repurchase
		
	
​			
		
		
	
278
		
		
	
2,669
		
3.	Balance	Sheet	Components
Inventory
As	of	December	31,	2012	and	2011,	our	inventory	consisted	of	the	following	(in	thousands):
	
	
		
December	31,
2012
	
		
December	31,
2011
	
Raw	materials
		
$
163,637
		
		
$
12,095
		
Work	in	process
		
	
24,535
		
		
	
3,665
		
Finished	goods
		
	
62,559
		
		
	
26,120
		
Service	parts
		
	
17,773
		
		
	
8,202
		
		
	
	
	
Total
		
$
268,504
		
		
$
50,082
		
		
	
	
	
	
106Table	of	Contents
We	write	down	inventory	as	a	result	of	excess	and	obsolete	inventories,	or	when	we	believe	that	the	net	realizable	value	of	inventories	is	less	than
the	carrying	value.	During	the	years	ended	December	31,	2012,	2011	and	2010,	we	recorded	write-downs	of	$5.0	million,	$1.8	million	and	$1.0	million,
respectively,	in	cost	of	automotive	sales.
Property,	Plant	and	Equipment
As	of	December	31,	2012	and	2011,	our	property,	plant	and	equipment,	net,	consisted	of	the	following	(in	thousands):
	
	
		
December	31,
2012
	
	
December	31,
2011
	
Machinery,	equipment	and	office	furniture
		
$
223,745
		
	
$
21,495
		
Tooling
		
	
172,584
		
	
	
16,584
		
Building	and	building	improvements
		
	
50,574
		
	
	
​			
		
Leasehold	improvements
		
	
39,224
		
	
	
27,901
		
Land
		
	
26,391
		
	
	
26,391
		
Computer	equipment	and	software
		
	
22,125
		
	
	
10,804
		
Construction	in	progress
		
	
75,129
		
	
	
227,461
		
		
	
	
		
	
609,772
		
	
	
330,636
		
Less:	Accumulated	depreciation	and	amortization
		
	
(57,543
)	
	
	
(32,222
)	
		
	
	
Total
		
$
552,229
		
	
$
298,414
		
		
	
	
Construction	in	progress	is	comprised	primarily	of	assets	related	to	the	manufacturing	of	our	Model	S,	including	building	improvements	at	our
Tesla	Factory	in	Fremont,	California	as	well	as	tooling	and	manufacturing	equipment	and	capitalized	interest	expense.	Depreciation	of	these	assets
begins	when	they	are	ready	for	their	intended	use.	Interest	expense	on	outstanding	debt	is	capitalized	during	the	period	of	significant	capital	asset
construction.	Capitalized	interest	on	construction	in	progress	is	included	in	property,	plant	and	equipment,	and	is	amortized	over	the	life	of	the	related
assets.	During	the	years	ended	December	31,	2012	and	2011,	we	capitalized	$7.6	million	and	$5.1	million	of	interest	expense,	respectively.
Depreciation	and	amortization	expense	during	the	years	ended	December	31,	2012,	2011	and	2010	were	$25.3	million,	$14.6	million	and
$10.0	million,	respectively.	Total	property	and	equipment	assets	under	capital	lease	as	of	December	31,	2012	and	2011	were	$8.1	million	and
$2.4	million,	respectively.	Accumulated	depreciation	related	to	assets	under	capital	lease	as	of	these	dates	were	$1.0	million	and	$0.3	million,
respectively.
Other	Assets
As	of	December	31,	2012	and	2011,	our	other	assets	consisted	of	the	following	(in	thousands):
	
	
		
December	31,
2012
	
		
December	31,
2011
	
Emission	permits
		
$
14,267
		
		
$
14,508
		
Loan	facility	issuance	costs,	net
		
	
5,759
		
		
	
6,407
		
Other
		
	
1,936
		
		
	
1,456
		
		
	
		
	
Total
		
$
21,962
		
		
$
22,371
		
		
	
		
	
Emission	permits	are	related	to	the	operation	of	our	Tesla	Factory;	therefore,	we	amortize	the	emission	permits	over	the	same	useful	life.
	
107Table	of	Contents
Accrued	Liabilities
As	of	December	31,	2012	and	2011,	our	accrued	liabilities	consisted	of	the	following	(in	thousands):
	
	
		
December	31,
2012
	
		
December	31,
2011
	
Payroll	and	related	costs
		
$
15,525
		
		
$
8,905
		
Accrued	purchases
		
	
10,334
		
		
	
19,645
		
Taxes	payable
		
	
9,710
		
		
	
967
		
Accrued	warranty
		
	
3,056
		
		
	
2,044
		
Other
		
	
1,173
		
		
	
548
		
	
	
		
	
Total
		
$
39,798
		
		
$
32,109
		
	
	
		
	
Other	Long-Term	Liabilities
As	of	December	31,	2012	and	2011,	our	other	long-term	liabilities	consisted	of	the	following	(in	thousands):
	
	
		
December	31,
2012
	
		
December	31,
2011
	
Accrued	warranty,	long-term
		
$
9,957
		
		
$
4,271
		
Deferred	rent	liability
		
	
6,075
		
		
	
3,839
		
Environmental	liabilities
		
	
5,300
		
		
	
5,300
		
Other
		
	
3,838
		
		
	
1,505
		
		
	
		
	
Total
		
$
25,170
		
		
$
14,915
		
		
	
		
	
4.	Fair	Value	of	Financial	Instruments
The	carrying	values	of	our	financial	instruments	including	cash	equivalents,	marketable	securities,	accounts	receivable	and	accounts	payable
approximate	their	fair	value	due	to	their	short-term	nature.	As	a	basis	for	determining	the	fair	value	of	certain	of	our	assets	and	liabilities,	we
established	a	three-tier	fair	value	hierarchy	which	prioritizes	the	inputs	used	in	measuring	fair	value	as	follows:	(Level	I)	observable	inputs	such	as
quoted	prices	in	active	markets;	(Level	II)	inputs	other	than	the	quoted	prices	in	active	markets	that	are	observable	either	directly	or	indirectly;	and
(Level	III)	unobservable	inputs	in	which	there	is	little	or	no	market	data	which	requires	us	to	develop	our	own	assumptions.	This	hierarchy	requires	us
to	use	observable	market	data,	when	available,	and	to	minimize	the	use	of	unobservable	inputs	when	determining	fair	value.	Our	financial	assets	that
are	measured	at	fair	value	on	a	recurring	basis	consist	of	cash	equivalents	and	marketable	securities.	Our	liabilities	that	are	measured	at	fair	value	on	a
recurring	basis	consist	of	our	common	stock	warrant	liability.
All	of	our	cash	equivalents	and	current	restricted	cash,	which	are	comprised	primarily	of	money	market	funds,	are	classified	within	Level	I	of	the
fair	value	hierarchy	because	they	are	valued	using	quoted	market	prices	or	market	prices	for	similar	securities.	Our	short-term	marketable	securities
are	classified	within	Level	II	of	the	fair	value	hierarchy	and	the	market	approach	was	used	to	determine	fair	value	of	these	investments.	Our	common
stock	warrant	liability	(see	Note	8)	is	classified	within	Level	III	of	the	fair	value	hierarchy.
	
108Table	of	Contents
As	of	December	31,	2012	and	2011,	the	fair	value	hierarchy	for	our	financial	assets	and	financial	liabilities	that	are	carried	at	fair	value	was	as
follows	(in	thousands):
	
	
	
December	31,	2012
	
	
December	31,	2011
	
	
	
Fair
Value
	
	
Level	I
	
	
Level	II
	
	
Level	III
	
	
Fair
Value
	
	
Level	I
	
	
Level	II
	
	
Level	III
	
Money	market	funds
	
$
60,272
		
	
$
60,272
		
	
$
​		
		
	
$
​			
		
	
$
196,701
		
	
$
196,701
		
	
$
​			
		
	
$
​			
		
Corporate	note
	
	
​			
		
	
	
​			
		
	
	
​			
		
	
	
​			
		
	
	
10,062
		
	
	
​			
		
	
	
10,062
		
	
	
​			
		
Commercial	paper
	
	
​			
		
	
	
​			
		
	
	
​			
		
	
	
​			
		
	
	
14,999
		
	
	
​			
		
	
	
14,999
		
	
	
​			
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Total
	
$
60,272
		
	
$
60,272
		
	
$
​		
		
	
$
​			
		
	
$
221,762
		
	
$
196,701
		
	
$
25,061
		
	
$
​			
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Common	stock	warrant	liability
	
$
10,692
		
	
$
​			
		
	
$
​		
		
	
$
10,692
		
	
$
8,838
		
	
$
​			
		
	
$
​			
		
	
$
8,838
		
Foreign	currency	forward	contracts
	
	
​			
		
	
	
​			
		
	
	
​			
		
	
	
​			
		
	
	
109
		
	
	
​			
		
	
	
109
		
	
	
​			
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Total
	
$
10,692
		
	
$
​			
		
	
$
​		
		
	
$
10,692
		
	
$
8,947
		
	
$
​			
		
	
$
109
		
	
$
8,838
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
All	of	our	available-for-sale	marketable	securities	matured	during	the	year	ended	December	31,	2012.	Our	available-for-sale	marketable	securities
classified	by	security	type	as	of	December	31,	2011	consisted	of	the	following	(in	thousands):
	
	
		
December	31,	2011
	
	
		
Amortized	Cost
	
		
Gross	
Unrealized
Gains
	
		
Gross	
Unrealized
Losses
	
	
Fair	Value
	
Corporate	note
		
$
10,065
		
		
$
​		
		
		
$
(3
)	
	
$
10,062
		
Commercial	paper
		
	
14,999
		
		
	
​			
		
		
	
​		
		
	
	
14,999
		
		
	
	
		
	
	
Total
		
$
25,064
		
		
$
​		
		
		
$
(3
)	
	
$
25,061
		
		
	
	
		
	
	
All	of	our	marketable	securities	with	gross	unrealized	losses	had	been	in	a	continuous	unrealized	loss	position	for	less	than	twelve	months	as	of
December	31,	2011.	We	determined	that	the	gross	unrealized	losses	on	our	marketable	securities	as	of	December	31,	2011	were	temporary	in	nature.
The	changes	in	the	fair	value	of	our	common	stock	warrant	liability	were	as	follows	(in	thousands):
	
	
		
Year	Ended	December	31,
	
	
		
				2012				
	
		
				2011				
	
Fair	value,	beginning	of	period
		
$
8,838
		
		
$
6,088
		
Change	in	fair	value
		
	
1,854
		
		
	
2,750
		
		
		
	
	
Fair	value,	end	of	period
		
$
10,692
		
		
$
8,838
		
		
		
	
	
The	estimated	fair	value	of	our	long-term	debt	based	on	a	market	approach	was	approximately	$366.9	million	(par	value	of	$452.3	million)	and
$220.3	million	(par	value	of	$276.3	million)	as	of	December	31,	2012	and	2011,	respectively,	and	represent	Level	II	valuations.	When	determining	the
estimated	fair	value	of	our	long-term	debt,	we	used	a	commonly	accepted	valuation	methodology	and	market-based	risk	measurements	that	are
indirectly	observable,	such	as	credit	risk.
We	operate	in	various	foreign	countries,	which	exposes	us	to	foreign	currency	exchange	risk	between	the	U.S.	dollar	and	various	foreign
currencies,	the	most	significant	of	which	have	been	the	Japanese	yen,	euro	and	British	pound.	In	order	to	manage	this	risk,	we	enter	into	selected
foreign	currency	forward	contracts.	These	contracts	are	not	designated	as	hedges,	and	as	a	result,	changes	in	their	fair	value	are	recorded	in	otherexpense,	net,	on	our	consolidated	statements	of	operations.	During	the	years	ended	December	31,	2012,	2011	and	2010,	net	gains	and	losses	related	to
these	instruments	were	not	significant.	We	had	notional	amounts	on	foreign	currency	exchange	contracts	outstanding	of	$8.8	million	as	of
December	31,	2011.	There	were	no	foreign	currency	forward	contracts	outstanding	as	of	December	31,	2012.
	
109Table	of	Contents
5.	Reservation	Payments
Reservation	payments	consist	of	payments	that	allow	potential	customers	to	hold	a	reservation	for	the	future	purchase	of	a	Model	S,	Model	X	or
Tesla	Roadster.	These	amounts	are	recorded	as	current	liabilities	until	the	vehicle	is	delivered.	For	Model	S	and	Model	X,	we	require	an	initial	fully
refundable	reservation	payment	of	at	least	$5,000.	The	reservation	payment	becomes	a	nonrefundable	deposit	once	the	customer	has	selected	the
vehicle	specifications	and	enters	into	a	purchase	agreement.	We	require	full	payment	of	the	purchase	price	of	the	vehicle	only	upon	delivery	of	the
vehicle	to	the	customer.	Amounts	received	by	us	as	reservation	payments	are	generally	not	restricted	as	to	their	use	by	us.	Upon	delivery	of	the	vehicle,
the	related	reservation	payments	are	applied	against	the	customer​s	total	purchase	price	for	the	vehicle	and	recognized	in	automotive	sales	as	part	of
the	respective	vehicle	sale.
As	of	December	31,	2012	and	2011,	we	held	reservation	payments	of	$138.8	million	and	$91.8	million,	respectively.	In	order	to	convert	the
reservation	payments	into	revenue,	we	will	need	to	sell	vehicles	to	these	customers.
6.	Convertible	Preferred	Stock
On	June	28,	2010,	our	registration	statement	on	Form	S-1	for	our	IPO	was	declared	effective	by	the	SEC	and	on	July	2,	2010,	we	closed	our	IPO.
As	a	result	of	the	IPO,	our	convertible	preferred	stock	was	automatically	converted	into	common	stock.
The	following	table	summarizes	information	related	to	our	convertible	preferred	stock	prior	to	their	conversion	into	common	stock:
	
	
		
Par	Value
	
		
Share	Price
at	issuance
	
		
Authorized
	
		
Issued	and
Outstanding
	
		
Liquidation
Preference
	
		
Proceeds,	Net
	
	
		
(In	thousands	except	share	and	per	share	amounts)
	
Series	A
		
$
0.001
		
		
$
0.49
		
		
	
7,213,000
		
		
	
7,213,000
		
		
$
3,556
		
		
$
3,549
*	
Series	B
		
	
0.001
		
		
	
0.74
		
		
	
17,459,456
		
		
	
17,459,456
		
		
	
12,920
		
		
	
12,899
		
Series	C
		
	
0.001
		
		
	
1.14
		
		
	
35,893,172
		
		
	
35,242,290
		
		
	
40,000
		
		
	
39,789
		
Series	D
		
	
0.001
		
		
	
2.44
		
		
	
18,440,449
		
		
	
18,440,449
		
		
	
45,000
		
		
	
44,941
		
Series	E
		
	
0.001
		
		
	
2.51
		
		
	
112,897,905
		
		
	
102,776,779
		
		
	
258,175
		
		
	
135,669
		
Series	F
		
	
0.001
		
		
	
2.97
		
		
	
30,000,000
		
		
	
27,785,263
		
		
	
82,500
		
		
	
82,378
		
		
	
	
		
	
	
		
	
		
Total
		
		
		
	
221,903,982
		
		
	
208,917,237
		
		
$
442,151
		
		
$
319,225
		
		
	
	
		
	
	
		
	
		
	
*
Net	of	$3.9	million	conversion	of	Series	A	convertible	preferred	stock	to	common	stock.
Each	of	our	Series	A,	B,	D,	E	and	F	convertible	preferred	stock	converted	on	a	1:0.33	basis	into	common	stock	while	the	Series	C	convertible
preferred	stock	converted	on	a	1:0.35	basis.
Dividends
No	dividends	on	the	convertible	preferred	stock	have	been	declared	by	the	Board	of	Directors	from	inception	through	their	conversion	into
common	stock.
7.	Convertible	Preferred	Stock	Warrants
Series	C	convertible	preferred	warrants	were	net	exercised	for	184,359	shares	of	common	stock	at	our	IPO	in	July	2010.	The	fair	value	of	these
warrants	as	of	July	2,	2010	in	the	amount	of	$3.6	million	was	recorded	in	equity	on	the	consolidated	balance	sheet,	and	a	charge	from	the	change	in	the
fair	value	of	these	warrants	during	2010	in	the	amount	of	$2.6	million	was	recognized	in	other	expense,	net,	in	the	consolidated	statement	of	operations.
	
110Table	of	Contents
Series	E	convertible	preferred	stock	warrants	were	net	exercised	for	160,688	shares	of	common	stock	at	our	IPO	in	July	2010.	The	fair	value	of
these	warrants	as	of	July	2,	2010	in	the	amount	of	$3.4	million	was	recorded	in	equity	on	the	consolidated	balance	sheet,	and	a	charge	from	the	change
in	the	fair	value	of	these	warrants	during	2010	in	the	amount	of	$2.7	million	was	recognized	in	other	expense,	net,	on	the	consolidated	statement	of
operations.
8.	Department	of	Energy	Loan	Facility
On	January	20,	2010,	we	entered	into	a	loan	facility	with	the	Federal	Financing	Bank	(FFB),	and	the	DOE,	pursuant	to	the	Advanced	Technology
Vehicles	Manufacturing	(ATVM)	Incentive	Program.	This	loan	facility	was	amended	in	June	2011	to	expand	our	cash	investment	options,	in	February
2012	to	modify	the	timing	of	certain	future	financial	covenants	and	funding	of	the	debt	service	reserve	account,	and	in	June	and	December	2012	to
allow	us	to	effect	certain	initiatives	in	our	business	plan.	In	September	2012,	we	entered	into	an	amendment	with	the	DOE	to	remove	our	obligation	to
comply	with	the	current	ratio	financial	covenant	as	of	September	30,	2012	and	amend	the	timing	of	pre-funding	the	principal	payment	due	in	June	2013.
We	entered	into	another	amendment	with	the	DOE	in	March	2013	that,	among	other	things,	modified	certain	future	financial	covenants,	accelerated	the
maturity	date	of	the	DOE	Loan	Facility	to	December	15,	2017,	created	an	obligation	to	repay	approximately	1.0%	of	the	outstanding	principal	under	the
DOE	Loan	Facility	on	or	before	June	15,	2013,	and	created	additional	contingent	obligations	based	on	excess	cash	flows	that	may	result	in	accelerated
repayment	of	the	DOE	Loan	Facility	starting	in	2015.	The	original	amortization	schedule	for	the	DOE	Loan	Facility	is	not	affected	by	this	recent
amendment,	and	so	the	debt	service	payments	remain	the	same	until	the	new	maturity	date	when	all	outstanding	loans	under	the	DOE	Loan	Facility	are
to	be	repaid.	We	refer	to	the	loan	facility	with	the	DOE,	as	amended,	as	the	DOE	Loan	Facility.	Under	the	DOE	Loan	Facility,	the	FFB	has	made
available	to	us	two	multi-draw	term	loan	facilities	in	an	aggregate	principal	amount	of	$465.0	million.	An	aggregate	principal	amount	of	$101.2	million
was	made	available	under	the	first	term	loan	facility	to	finance	up	to	80%	of	the	costs	eligible	for	funding	for	the	powertrain	engineering	and	the	build
out	of	a	facility	to	design	and	manufacture	lithium-ion	battery	packs,	electric	motors	and	electric	components	(the	Powertrain	Facility).	Aggregate
principal	amount	of	$363.9	million	was	made	available	under	the	second	term	loan	facility	to	finance	up	to	80%	of	the	costs	eligible	for	funding	for	the
development	of,	and	to	build	out	the	manufacturing	facility	for,	our	Model	S	sedan	(the	Model	S	Facility).	Under	the	DOE	Loan	Facility,	we	are
responsible	for	the	remaining	20%	of	the	costs	eligible	for	funding	under	the	ATVM	Program	for	the	projects	as	well	as	any	cost	overruns	for	each
project.	As	of	August	31,	2012,	we	have	fully	drawn	down	the	aforementioned	facilities.
	
111Table	of	Contents
Our	DOE	Loan	Facility	draw-downs	have	been	as	follows	(in	thousands):
	
	
		
Loan	Facility	Available
for	Future	Draw-downs
	
	
Interest	rates
	
Beginning	balance,	January	20,	2010
		
$
465,048
		
	
	
	
Draw-downs	received	during	the	three	months	ended	March	31,	2010
		
	
(29,920
)	
	
	
2.9%	-	3.4%
		
Draw-downs	received	during	the	three	months	ended	June	30,	2010
		
	
(15,499
)	
	
	
2.5%	-3.4%
		
Draw-downs	received	during	the	three	months	ended	September	30,	2010
		
	
(11,138
)	
	
	
1.7%	-2.6%
		
Draw-downs	received	during	the	three	months	ended	December	31,	2010
		
	
(15,271
)	
	
	
1.7%	-	2.8%
		
	
	
Remaining	balance,	December	31,	2010
		
	
393,220
		
	
	
	
Draw-downs	received	during	the	three	months	ended	March	31,	2011
		
	
(30,656
)	
	
	
2.1%	-	3.0%
		
Draw-downs	received	during	the	three	months	ended	June	30,	2011
		
	
(31,693
)	
	
	
1.8%	-	2.7%
		
Draw-downs	received	during	the	three	months	ended	September	30,	2011
		
	
(90,822
)	
	
	
1.0%	-	1.4%
		
Draw-downs	received	during	the	three	months	ended	December	31,	2011
		
	
(51,252
)	
	
	
1.0%	-	1.5%
		
	
	
Remaining	balance,	December	31,	2011
		
	
188,797
		
	
	
	
Draw-downs	received	during	the	three	months	ended	March	31,	2012
		
	
(84,267
)	
	
	
0.9%	-	1.6%
		
Draw-downs	received	during	the	three	months	ended	June	30,	2012
		
	
(71,274
)	
	
	
1.0%	-	1.3%
		
Draw-downs	received	during	the	three	months	ended	September	30,	2012
		
	
(33,256
)	
	
	
1.0%	-	1.2%
		
	
	
Remaining	balance,	December	31,	2012
		
$
​			
		
	
	
	
Advances	under	the	DOE	Loan	Facility	accrue	interest	at	a	per	annum	rate	determined	by	the	Secretary	of	the	Treasury	as	of	the	date	of	the
advance	and	will	be	based	on	the	Treasury	yield	curve	and	the	scheduled	principal	installments	for	such	advance.	Interest	on	advances	under	the	DOE
Loan	Facility	is	payable	quarterly	in	arrears.	Advances	under	the	Powertrain	Facility	are	repayable	in	21	equal	quarterly	installments	commencing	on
December	15,	2012.	All	outstanding	amounts	under	the	Powertrain	Facility	will	be	due	and	payable	on	the	maturity	date	of	December	15,	2017.
Advances	under	the	Model	S	Facility	are	repayable	in	21	equal	quarterly	installments	commencing	on	December	15,	2012.	All	outstanding	amounts
under	the	Model	S	Facility	will	be	due	and	payable	on	the	maturity	date	of	December	15,	2017.	Advances	under	the	loan	facilities	may	be	voluntarily
prepaid	at	any	time	at	a	price	determined	based	on	interest	rates	at	the	time	of	prepayment	for	loans	made	from	the	Secretary	of	the	Treasury	to	FFB
for	obligations	with	an	identical	payment	schedule	to	the	advance	being	prepaid,	which	could	result	in	the	advance	being	prepaid	at	a	discount,	at	par
or	at	a	premium.	The	loan	facilities	are	subject	to	mandatory	prepayment	with	net	cash	proceeds	received	from	certain	dispositions,	loss	events	with
respect	to	property	and	other	extraordinary	receipts.	All	obligations	under	the	DOE	Loan	Facility	are	secured	by	substantially	all	of	our	property.
The	DOE	Loan	Facility	documents	contain	customary	covenants	that	include,	among	others,	a	requirement	that	the	projects	be	conducted	in
accordance	with	the	business	plan	for	such	project,	compliance	with	all	requirements	of	the	ATVM	Program,	and	limitations	on	our	and	our	subsidiaries​
ability	to	incur	indebtedness,	incur	liens,	make	investments	or	loans,	enter	into	mergers	or	acquisitions,	dispose	of	assets,	pay	dividends	or	make
distributions	on	capital	stock,	pay	indebtedness,	pay	management,	advisory	or	similar	fees	to	affiliates,	enter	into	certain	affiliate	transactions,	enter
into	new	lines	of	business,	and	enter	into	certain	restrictive	agreements,	in	each	case	subject	to	customary	exceptions.	The	DOE	Loan	Facility
documents	also	contain	customary	financial	covenants	requiring	us	to	maintain	a	minimum	ratio	of	current	assets	to	current	liabilities,
	
112Table	of	Contents
and	(i)	a	limit	on	capital	expenditures,	(ii)	from	December	31,	2013,	a	maximum	leverage	ratio,	a	minimum	interest	coverage	ratio,	a	minimum	fixed
charge	coverage	ratio,	and	(iii)	from	March	31,	2014,	a	maximum	ratio	of	total	liabilities	to	shareholder	equity.	We	were	in	compliance	with	our	current
applicable	financial	covenants	as	of	December	31,	2012.	The	DOE	Loan	Facility	documents	also	contain	customary	events	of	default,	subject	in	some
cases	to	customary	cure	periods	for	certain	defaults.	In	addition,	events	of	default	include	a	failure	of	Elon	Musk,	our	Chief	Executive	Officer	(CEO),
Product	Architect	and	Chairman,	and	certain	of	his	affiliates,	at	any	time	prior	to	one	year	after	we	complete	the	project	relating	to	the	Model	S	Facility,
to	own	at	least	65%	of	capital	stock	held	by	Mr.	Musk	and	such	affiliates	as	of	the	date	of	the	DOE	Loan	Facility.	As	part	of	the	most	recent	amendment
to	the	DOE	Loan	Facility	in	March	2013,	we	agreed	to,	among	other	things,	(i)	make	an	early	payment	of	approximately	1.0%	of	the	outstanding
principal	under	the	DOE	Loan	Facility	on	or	before	June	15,	2013,	(ii)	make	additional	quarterly	prepayments	equal	to:	20%	of	our	excess	cash	flow	for
each	quarter	of	fiscal	2015;	and	35%	of	our	excess	cash	flow	for	each	quarter	of	fiscal	2016	and	2017.
Under	the	DOE	Loan	Facility,	we	have	agreed	to	fund	a	dedicated	debt	service	reserve	account.	In	February	2012,	we	pre-funded	$15.0	million
into	this	account,	an	amount	equal	to	all	principal	and	interest	that	came	due	on	December	15,	2012.	In	October	2012,	we	also	pre-funded	$14.2	million
into	this	account,	an	amount	equal	to	all	principal	and	interest	that	will	come	due	on	March	15,	2013	in	accordance	with	the	pre-funding	requirement
under	the	DOE	Loan	Facility.	Most	recently,	in	February	2013,	we	pre-funded	$14.6	million	into	this	account,	an	amount	equal	to	all	principal	and
interest	that	will	come	due	on	June	15,	2013.
In	addition,	we	have	agreed	to	make	additional	payments,	beginning	June	15,	2013,	of	between	$14.2	million	to	$14.5	million	each	quarter	to	pre-
fund	the	quarterly	principal	and	interest	payments	that	will	be	due	from	September	15,	2013	through	December	15,	2014.	Once	we	have	deposited	such
amounts,	we	will	not	be	required	to	further	pre-fund	such	debt	service	reserve	account.	As	of	December	31,	2012,	$14.9	million	was	held	in	this
dedicated	account.	We	have	classified	this	cash	as	current	restricted	cash	on	the	consolidated	balance	sheet.
DOE	Warrant
In	connection	with	the	closing	of	the	DOE	Loan	Facility,	we	have	issued	a	warrant	to	the	DOE	to	purchase	shares	of	our	common	stock	at	an
exercise	price	of	$7.54	per	share	and	a	warrant	to	purchase	up	to	5,100	shares	of	our	common	stock	at	an	exercise	price	of	$8.94	per	share.	Beginning
on	December	15,	2018	and	until	December	14,	2022,	the	shares	subject	to	purchase	under	these	warrants	will	become	exercisable	in	quarterly	amounts
depending	on	the	average	outstanding	balance	of	the	loan	during	the	prior	quarter.	These	warrants	may	be	exercised	until	December	15,	2023.	If	we
prepay	the	DOE	Loan	Facility	in	part	or	in	full,	the	total	amount	of	shares	exercisable	under	the	warrants	will	be	reduced.
Since	the	number	of	shares	ultimately	issuable	under	the	warrant	will	vary	depending	on	the	average	outstanding	balance	of	the	loan	during	the
contractual	vesting	period,	and	decisions	to	prepay	would	be	influenced	by	our	future	stock	price	as	well	as	the	interest	rates	on	our	loans	in	relation	to
market	interest	rates,	we	measured	the	fair	value	of	the	warrant	using	a	Monte	Carlo	simulation	approach.	The	Monte	Carlo	approach	simulates	and
captures	the	optimal	decisions	to	be	made	between	prepaying	the	DOE	loan	and	the	cancellation	of	the	DOE	warrant.	For	the	purposes	of	the
simulation,	the	optimal	decision	represents	the	scenario	with	the	lowest	economic	cost	to	us.	The	total	warrant	value	would	then	be	calculated	as	the
average	warrant	payoff	across	all	simulated	paths	discounted	to	our	valuation	date.
The	prepayment	feature	which	allows	us	to	prepay	the	DOE	Loan	Facility	and	consequently,	affect	the	number	of	shares	ultimately	issuable	under
the	DOE	warrant,	was	determined	to	represent	an	embedded	derivative.	This	embedded	derivative	is	inherently	valued	and	accounted	for	as	part	of	the
warrant	liability	on	our	consolidated	balance	sheets.	Changes	to	the	fair	value	of	the	embedded	derivative	are	reflected	as	part	of	the	warrant	liability
re-measurement	to	fair	value	at	each	balance	sheet	reporting	date.
	
113Table	of	Contents
The	warrant	is	recorded	at	its	estimated	fair	value	with	changes	in	its	fair	value	reflected	in	other	expense,	net,	until	its	expiration	or	vesting.	The
fair	value	of	the	warrant	at	issuance	was	$6.3	million,	and	along	with	the	DOE	Loan	Facility	fee	of	$0.5	million	and	other	debt	issuance	costs	of	$0.9
million,	represents	a	cost	of	closing	the	loan	facility	and	is	being	amortized	to	interest	expense	over	the	expected	term	of	the	DOE	Loan	Facility	of
approximately	13	years.	During	the	years	ended	December	31,	2012,	2011	and	2010,	we	amortized	$0.6	million	to	income	expense,	respectively.
The	DOE	warrant	will	continue	to	be	recorded	at	its	estimated	fair	value	with	changes	in	the	fair	value	reflected	in	other	expense,	net,	as	the
number	of	shares	of	common	stock	ultimately	issuable	under	the	warrant	is	variable	until	its	expiration	or	vesting.	As	of	December	31,	2012	and	2011,
the	fair	value	of	the	DOE	warrant	was	$10.7	million	and	$8.8	million,	respectively.	During	the	years	ended	December	31,	2012	and	2011,	we	recognized
expense	for	the	change	in	the	fair	value	of	the	DOE	warrant	in	the	amount	of	$1.9	million	and	$2.8	million	through	other	expense,	net,	in	the
consolidated	statements	of	operations,	respectively.	During	the	year	ended	December	31,	2010,	we	recognized	income	from	the	change	in	the	fair	value
of	the	DOE	warrant	in	the	amount	of	$0.2	million	through	other	expense,	net,	in	the	consolidated	statement	of	operations.
9.	Common	Stock
In	June	2010,	our	registration	statement	on	Form	S-1	for	our	IPO	was	declared	effective	by	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	As	a	result,
the	number	of	authorized	shares	of	our	common	stock	increased	from	106,666,667	to	2,000,000,000	shares.
In	July	2010,	we	completed	the	IPO	of	common	stock	in	which	we	sold	a	total	of	11,880,600	shares	of	our	common	stock	and	received	cash
proceeds	of	$188.8	million	from	this	transaction,	net	of	underwriting	discounts	and	commissions.	Concurrent	with	the	closing	of	our	IPO,	we	also	sold
2,941,176	shares	of	our	common	stock	to	Toyota	in	a	private	placement	and	received	cash	proceeds	of	$50.0	million.	As	a	result	of	the	IPO,	our
convertible	preferred	stock	was	automatically	converted	into	common	stock	and	our	outstanding	warrants,	excluding	the	DOE	warrant,	were	net
exercised.
In	November	2010,	we	entered	into	a	common	stock	purchase	agreement	with	an	entity	affiliated	with	Panasonic	Corporation	(Panasonic)
pursuant	to	which	we	issued	and	sold	an	aggregate	of	1,418,573	shares	of	our	common	stock	at	a	price	of	$21.15	per	share,	which	was	the	average	of
the	trading	highs	and	lows	of	our	common	stock	from	October	25	to	October	29,	2010.	Upon	completion	of	the	private	placement	transaction	on
November	2,	we	received	aggregate	proceeds	of	$30.0	million.	Concurrently	with	the	sale	and	issuance	of	the	shares	to	Panasonic,	we	amended	our
investors​	rights	agreement	as	of	November	2,	2010	to	grant	Panasonic	registration	rights	on	a	pari	passu	basis	with	certain	other	holders	of	registration
rights	with	respect	to	the	shares	of	common	stock	purchased	in	the	private	placement.
In	June	2011,	we	completed	a	follow-on	offering	of	common	stock	in	which	we	sold	a	total	of	6,095,000	shares	of	our	common	stock	and	received
cash	proceeds	of	$172.7	million	from	this	transaction,	net	of	underwriting	discounts.	Concurrent	with	this	offering,	we	also	sold	1,416,000	shares	of	our
common	stock	to	our	CEO	and	637,475	shares	of	our	common	stock	to	Blackstar	InvestCo	LLC,	an	affiliate	of	Daimler,	and	received	total	cash	proceeds
of	$59.1	million	in	the	private	placements.	No	underwriting	discounts	or	commissions	were	paid	in	connection	with	these	private	placements.
In	October	2012,	we	completed	a	follow-on	offering	of	common	stock	in	which	we	sold	a	total	of	7,964,601	shares	of	our	common	stock	and
received	cash	proceeds	of	$222.1	million	(which	includes	35,398	shares	or	$1.0	million	sold	to	our	CEO)	from	this	transaction,	net	of	underwriting
discounts	and	offering	costs.
Stockholder	Settlement
During	the	three	months	ended	March	31,	2010,	three	of	our	stockholders	who	are	affiliated	with	one	of	our	Board	members	asserted	a	claim
regarding	the	conversion	of	such	stockholders​	convertible	promissory	notes
	
114Table	of	Contents
into	shares	of	our	Series	E	convertible	preferred	stock	at	the	time	of	our	Series	E	preferred	stock	financing	in	May	2009.	In	May	2010,	we	entered	into
a	settlement	agreement	with	these	stockholders	and	pursuant	to	the	terms	of	the	settlement	agreement,	we	issued	warrants	to	such	stockholders	which,
upon	the	closing	of	our	IPO	in	July	2010,	were	automatically	net	exercised	for	an	aggregate	of	100,000	shares	of	our	common	stock.	During	the	three
months	ended	June	30,	2010,	the	fair	value	of	these	warrants	in	the	amount	of	$1.7	million	was	recorded	in	equity	on	the	consolidated	balance	sheet
based	on	a	Black-Scholes	valuation.	In	conjunction	with	the	settlement	of	our	liability	to	issue	such	warrants,	we	recognized	a	charge	of	$1.1	million
during	the	year	ended	December	31,	2010,	through	other	expense,	net,	on	the	consolidated	statement	of	operations.
10.	Equity	Incentive	Plans
In	July	2003,	we	adopted	the	2003	Equity	Incentive	Plan.	Concurrent	with	the	effectiveness	of	our	registration	statement	on	Form	S-1	on	June	28,
2010	(see	Note	9),	we	adopted	the	2010	Equity	Incentive	Plan	(the	Plan)	and	all	remaining	common	shares	reserved	for	future	grant	or	issuance	under
the	2003	Equity	Incentive	Plan	were	added	to	the	2010	Equity	Incentive	Plan.	The	Plan	provides	for	the	granting	of	stock	options	and	stock	purchase
rights	to	our	employees,	directors	and	consultants.	Options	granted	under	the	Plan	may	be	either	incentive	options	or	nonqualified	stock	options.
Incentive	stock	options	may	be	granted	only	to	our	employees	including	officers	and	directors.	Nonqualified	stock	options	and	stock	purchase	rights
may	be	granted	to	our	employees	and	consultants.	Generally,	our	stock	options	vest	over	four	years	and	are	exercisable	over	a	period	not	to	exceed	the
contractual	term	of	ten	years	from	the	date	the	stock	options	are	granted.	Continued	vesting	typically	terminates	when	the	employment	or	consulting
relationship	ends.	As	of	December	31,	2012,	there	were	469,531	shares	of	common	stock	reserved	for	issuance	under	the	Plan.
The	following	table	summarizes	option	activity	under	the	Plan:
	
	
		
Outstanding	Options
	
	
		
Shares	Available
for	Grant
	
	
Number	of	Options
	
	
Weighted
Average
Exercise
Price
	
Balance,	December	31,2009
		
	
1,014,687
		
	
	
11,574,034
		
	
$
5.44
		
Additional	options	reserved
		
	
11,269,286
		
	
	
​			
		
	
	
​			
		
Repurchased	restricted	stock
		
	
9,170
		
	
	
​			
		
	
	
0.90
		
Granted
		
	
(3,328,705
)	
	
	
3,328,705
		
	
	
17.96
		
Exercised
		
	
​			
		
	
	
(721,080
)	
	
	
1.84
		
Cancelled
		
	
443,537
		
	
	
(443,537
)	
	
	
6.61
		
	
	
	
	
Balance,	December	31,	2010
		
	
9,407,975
		
	
	
13,738,122
		
	
	
8.62
		
Additional	options	reserved
		
	
3,796,342
		
	
	
​			
		
	
Granted
		
	
(4,011,973
)	
	
	
4,011,973
		
	
	
27.49
		
Exercised
		
	
​			
		
	
	
(1,216,669
)	
	
	
5.41
		
Cancelled
		
	
726,763
		
	
	
(726,763
)	
	
	
15.26
		
	
	
	
	
Balance,	December	31,	2011
		
	
9,919,107
		
	
	
15,806,663
		
	
	
13.35
		
Additional	options	reserved
		
	
1,064,046
		
	
	
​			
		
	
Granted
		
	
(11,854,941
)	
	
	
11,854,941
		
	
	
31.18
		
Exercised
		
	
​			
		
	
	
(1,312,439
)	
	
	
12.52
		
Cancelled		
	
1,341,319
		
	
	
(1,341,389
)	
	
	
25.51
		
	
	
	
	
Balance,	December	31,	2012
		
	
469,531
		
	
	
25,007,776
		
	
	
21.20
		
	
	
	
	
In	addition	to	stock	options	issued	from	the	Plan,	there	were	zero,	33,333	and	66,666	stock	options	as	of	December	31,	2012,	2011and	2010,
respectively,	that	we	had	previously	granted	to	non-employees	outside	of	the	Plan.	These	outstanding	non-employee	options	had	a	weighted	average
exercise	price	of	$1.80	as	of	each	year	end.
	
	
115Table	of	Contents
Additional	information	regarding	all	stock	options	outstanding	and	exercisable	as	of	December	31,	2012	is	summarized	below:
	
	
		
Options	Outstanding
	
		
Options	Exercisable
	
Range	of	Exercise	Price
		
Number
	
		
Weighted
Average
Exercise
Price
	
		
Weighted
Average
Remaining
Contractual
Life	(in
years)
	
		
Number
	
		
Weighted
Average
Exercise
Price
	
		
Weighted
Average
Remaining
Contractual
Life	(in
years)
	
$0.15	-	$6.15
		
	
1,037,664
		
		
$
3.08
		
		
		
	
924,801
		
		
$
2.98
		
		
$6.63	-	$6.63
		
	
7,475,413
		
		
	
6.63
		
		
		
	
6,456,263
		
		
	
6.63
		
		
$9.96	-	$25.27
		
	
2,682,735
		
		
	
19.00
		
		
		
	
1,446,362
		
		
	
17.98
		
		
$27.25	-	$29.12
		
	
2,522,885
		
		
	
28.18
		
		
		
	
801,246
		
		
	
28.30
		
		
$29.25	-	$31.07
		
	
1,680,276
		
		
	
30.14
		
		
		
	
158,300
		
		
	
30.36
		
		
$31.17	-	$31.17
		
	
5,865,560
		
		
	
31.17
		
		
		
	
19,524
		
		
	
31.17
		
		
$31.49	-	$33.15
		
	
2,686,684
		
		
	
31.80
		
		
		
	
318,914
		
		
	
31.51
		
		
$33.22	-	$34.00
		
	
390,314
		
		
	
33.29
		
		
		
	
103,184
		
		
	
33.22
		
		
$34.57	-	$34.57
		
	
475,275
		
		
	
34.57
		
		
		
	
1,750
		
		
	
34.57
		
		
$36.01	-	$36.01
		
	
190,970
		
		
	
36.01
		
		
		
	
1,549
		
		
	
36.01
		
		
	
		
		
	
		
		
	
25,007,776
		
		
	
21.20
		
		
	
6.99
		
		
	
10,231,893
		
		
	
11.07
		
		
	
5.35
		
	
		
		
	
		
Additional	information	regarding	all	stock	options	outstanding	and	exercisable	as	of	December	31,	2011	is	summarized	below:
	
	
		
Options	Outstanding
	
		
Options	Exercisable
	
Range	of	Exercise	Price
		
Number
	
		
Weighted
Average
Exercise
Price
	
		
Weighted
Average
Remaining
Contractual
Life	(in
years)
	
		
Number
	
		
Weighted
Average
Exercise
Price
	
		
Weighted
Average
Remaining
Contractual
Life	(in
years)
	
$0.15	-	$6.15
		
	
1,617,294
		
		
$
3.06
		
		
		
	
1,099,285
		
		
$
2.83
		
		
$6.63	-	$6.63
		
	
7,695,280
		
		
	
6.63
		
		
		
	
4,694,483
		
		
	
6.63
		
		
$9.96	-	$20.72
		
	
2,039,559
		
		
	
15.70
		
		
		
	
826,053
		
		
	
15.17
		
		
$22.88	-	$27.88
		
	
1,788,889
		
		
	
24.48
		
		
		
	
126,574
		
		
	
25.00
		
		
$27.91	-	$28.35
		
	
479,412
		
		
	
28.14
		
		
		
	
8,152
		
		
	
28.05
		
		
$28.43	-	$28.43
		
	
428,212
		
		
	
28.43
		
		
		
	
5,312
		
		
	
28.43
		
		
$28.45	-	$28.45
		
	
971,262
		
		
	
28.45
		
		
		
	
215,150
		
		
	
28.45
		
		$30.41	-	$30.41
		
	
179,838
		
		
	
30.41
		
		
		
	
2,450
		
		
	
30.41
		
		
$30.55	-	$30.55
		
	
258,500
		
		
	
30.55
		
		
		
	
71,956
		
		
	
30.55
		
		
$33.22	-	$33.22
		
	
381,750
		
		
	
33.22
		
		
		
	
3,939
		
		
	
33.22
		
		
		
	
		
		
	
		
		
	
15,839,996
		
		
	
13.33
		
		
	
6.20
		
		
	
7,053,354
		
		
	
8.34
		
		
	
5.15
		
		
	
		
		
	
		
The	aggregate	intrinsic	value	represents	the	total	pretax	intrinsic	value	(i.e.,	the	difference	between	our	common	stock	price	and	the	exercise
price,	multiplied	by	the	number	of	in-the-money	options)	that	would	have	been	received	by	the	option	holders	had	all	option	holders	exercised	their
options.	The	aggregate	intrinsic	value	of	options	outstanding	as	of	December	31,	2012	and	2011	was	$317.7	million	and	$243.9	million,	respectively.
The	intrinsic	value	of	options	exercisable	was	$233.3	million	and	$142.8	million,	and	the	intrinsic	value	of	options	vested	and	expected	to	vest	was
$280.7	million	and	$220.5	million	as	of	December	31,	2012	and	2011,	respectively.	The	total	intrinsic	value	of	options	exercised	was	$35.1	million	and
$27.8	million	for	the	years	ended	December	31,	2012	and	2011,	respectively.
	
116Table	of	Contents
Fair	Value	Adoption
We	utilize	the	fair	value	method	in	recognizing	stock-based	compensation	expense.	Under	the	fair	value	method,	we	estimated	the	fair	value	of
each	option	award	and	Employee	Stock	Purchase	Plan	(the	ESPP)	on	the	grant	date	generally	using	the	Black-Scholes	option	pricing	model	and	the
weighted	average	assumptions	noted	in	the	following	table.
	
	
		
Year	Ended	December	31,
	
	
		
2012
	
	
2011
	
	
2010
	
Risk-free	interest	rate:
		
	
	
Stock	options
		
	
1.0
%	
	
	
2.0
%	
	
	
2.0
%	
ESPP
		
	
0.2
%	
	
	
0.2
%	
	
	
​		
		
Expected	term	(in	years):
		
	
	
Stock	options
		
	
5.9
		
	
	
6.0
		
	
	
5.3
		
ESPP
		
	
0.5
		
	
	
0.5
		
	
	
​		
		
Expected	volatility:
		
	
	
Stock	options
		
	
63
%	
	
	
70
%	
	
	
71
%	
ESPP
		
	
51
%	
	
	
59
%	
	
	
​		
		
Dividend	yield:
		
	
	
Stock	options
		
	
0.0
%	
	
	
0.0
%	
	
	
0.0
%	
ESPP
		
	
0.0
%	
	
	
0.0
%	
	
	
​		
		
The	weighted-average	grant-date	fair	value	for	option	awards	granted	during	the	years	ended	December	31,	2012,	2011	and	2010	was	$16.37,
$17.43	and	$10.99	per	share,	respectively.	The	weighted-average	grant-date	fair	value	for	ESPP	granted	during	the	years	ended	December	31,	2012,
2011	and	2010	was	$8.99,	$7.52	and	$5.49	per	share,	respectively.
The	fair	value	of	the	shares	of	common	stock	underlying	stock	options	granted	to	prior	to	our	IPO	in	July	2010	was	determined	by	the	Board	of
Directors	as	there	was	no	public	market	for	our	common	stock.	The	Board	of	Directors	determined	fair	value	of	the	common	stock	at	the	time	of	each
grant	of	options	by	considering	a	number	of	objective	and	subjective	factors	including	valuation	of	comparable	companies,	sales	of	convertible	preferred
stock	to	unrelated	third	parties,	operating	and	financial	performance,	the	lack	of	liquidity	of	capital	stock,	and	trends	in	the	broader	automobile
industry.	We	have	not	granted	stock	options	with	an	exercise	price	that	is	less	than	the	fair	value	of	the	underlying	common	stock	as	determined	at	the
time	of	grant	by	our	Board	of	Directors,	with	input	from	management.
Information	regarding	our	stock	option	grants	during	the	six	months	prior	to	the	completion	of	our	IPO,	including	the	grant	date;	the	number	of
stock	options	issued	with	each	grant;	and	the	exercise	price,	which	equals	the	grant	date	fair	value	of	the	underlying	common	stock	for	each	grant	of
stock	options,	is	summarized	as	follows:
	
Grant	Date
		
Number	of
Options
Granted
	
		
Exercise
Price	and
Fair	Value
per	Share	of
Common
Stock
	
March	3,	2010
		
	
402,660
		
		
	
9.96
		
April	28,	2010
		
	
256,320
		
		
	
13.23
		June	12,	2010
		
	
1,135,710
		
		
	
14.17
		
	
117Table	of	Contents
Performance-Based	Stock	Options
In	December	2009,	our	Board	of	Directors	approved	an	option	grant	to	our	CEO	representing	4%	of	our	fully-diluted	share	base	prior	to	such
grant	as	of	the	grant	date,	or	3,355,986	stock	options,	with	1/4th	of	the	shares	vesting	immediately,	and	1/36th	of	the	remaining	shares	scheduled	to
vest	each	month	over	three	years,	assuming	continued	employment	through	each	vesting	date	in	recognition	of	his	and	our	company​s	achievements	and
to	create	incentives	for	future	success.	In	addition,	to	create	incentives	for	the	attainment	of	clear	performance	objectives	around	a	key	element	of	our
business	plan​	the	successful	launch	and	commercialization	of	Model	S​the	Board	of	Directors	approved	an	additional	option	grant	to	our	CEO	totaling	an
additional	4%	of	our	fully-diluted	shares	prior	to	such	grant	as	of	the	grant	date,	or	3,355,986	stock	options,	with	a	vesting	schedule	based	entirely	on
the	attainment	of	performance	objectives	as	follows,	assuming	our	CEO​s	continued	employment	and	service	to	us	through	each	vesting	date:
	
	
	
1/4th	of	the	shares	subject	to	the	option	are	scheduled	to	vest	upon	the	successful	completion	of	Model	S	Engineering	Prototype;
	
	
	
1/4th	of	the	shares	subject	to	the	option	are	scheduled	to	vest	upon	the	successful	completion	of	Model	S	Validation	Prototype;
	
	
	
1/4th	of	the	shares	subject	to	the	option	are	scheduled	to	vest	upon	the	completion	of	the	first	Model	S	Production	Vehicle;	and
	
	
	
1/4th	of	the	shares	subject	to	the	option	are	scheduled	to	vest	upon	the	completion	of	the	10,000th	Model	S	Production	Vehicle.
If	he	does	not	meet	one	or	more	of	the	above	milestones	prior	to	the	fourth	anniversary	of	the	date	of	the	grant,	he	will	forfeit	his	right	to	the
unvested	portion	of	the	grant.	Through	December	31,	2012,	the	first	three	performance	milestones	were	achieved	and	the	remaining	performance
milestone	was	considered	probable	of	achievement.
Due	to	the	significant	number	of	stock	options	granted	to	our	CEO,	we	valued	these	December	2009	grants	by	using	the	following	grant-specific
Black-Scholes	assumptions:	risk-free	interest	rate	of	1.7%,	expected	term	of	4.1	years,	expected	volatility	of	70%	and	dividend	yield	of	0%.	Stock-based
compensation	expense	related	to	this	grant	to	our	CEO	was	$4.2	million,	$6.3	million	and	$9.2	million	for	the	years	ended	December	31,	2012,	2011	and
2010,	respectively.
Our	Board	of	Directors	also	approved	option	grants	in	June	and	September	2010	to	purchase	our	common	stock	of	666,300	and	20,000,
respectively,	to	various	members	of	our	senior	management	with	a	vesting	schedule	based	entirely	on	the	attainment	of	the	same	performance
objectives	as	those	outlined	for	our	CEO	above.	Through	December	31,	2012,	the	first	three	performance	milestones	were	achieved	and	the	remaining
performance	milestone	was	considered	probable	of	achievement.	For	the	years	ended	December	31,	2012,	2011	and	2010,	we	recognized	$1.4	million,
$4.9	million	and	$8.9	million,	respectively,	of	stock-based	compensation	expense	related	to	the	attainment	of	performance	objectives.	In	August	2012,	to
create	incentives	for	continued	long	term	success	beyond	the	Model	S	program	and	to	closely	align	executive	pay	with	increases	in	stockholder	value,
our	Board	of	Directors	granted	5,274,901	stock	options	to	our	CEO	(2012	CEO	Grant).	The	2012	CEO	Grant	consists	of	ten	vesting	tranches	with	a
vesting	schedule	based	entirely	on	the	attainment	of	both	performance	conditions	and	market	conditions,	assuming	continued	employment	and	service
to	us	through	each	vesting	date.
Each	of	the	following	ten	vesting	tranches	requires	a	combination	of	one	of	the	performance	achievements	outlined	below	and	an	incremental
increase	in	our	market	capitalization	of	$4.0	billion,	as	compared	to	the	initial	market	capitalization	of	$3.2	billion.
	
	
	
Successful	completion	of	the	Model	X	Engineering	Prototype	(Alpha);
	
	
	
Successful	completion	of	the	Model	X	Vehicle	Prototype	(Beta);
	
118Table	of	Contents
	
	
Completion	of	the	first	Model	X	Production	Vehicle;
	
	
	
Successful	completion	of	the	Gen	III	Engineering	Prototype	(Alpha);
	
	
	
Successful	completion	of	the	Gen	III	Vehicle	Prototype	(Beta);
	
	
	
Completion	of	the	first	Gen	III	Production	Vehicle;
	
	
	
Gross	margin	of	30%	or	more	for	four	consecutive	quarters;
	
	
	
Aggregate	vehicle	production	of	100,000	vehicles;
	
	
	
Aggregate	vehicle	production	of	200,000	vehicles;	and
	
	
	
Aggregate	vehicle	production	of	300,000	vehicles.
The	term	of	the	2012	CEO	Grant	will	be	ten	years,	so	that	if	any	vesting	tranches	remain	unvested	after	expiration	of	the	2012	CEO	Grant,	they
will	be	forfeited.	In	addition,	our	CEO	will	forfeit	any	unvested	options	if	he	is	terminated	as	CEO	of	the	Company,	whether	for	cause	or	otherwise.
We	measured	the	fair	value	of	the	2012	CEO	Grant	using	a	Monte	Carlo	simulation	approach	with	the	following	assumptions:	risk-free	interest
rate	of	1.65%,	expected	term	of	ten	years,	expected	volatility	of	55%	and	dividend	yield	of	0%.
Stock-based	compensation	expense	associated	with	the	2012	CEO	Grant	is	recognized	for	each	performance	condition	over	the	vesting	period
beginning	at	the	point	in	time	that	the	relevant	performance	condition	is	considered	probable	of	being	met,	regardless	as	to	whether	the	related	market
condition	is	ever	met	(though	meeting	the	market	condition	would	also	be	required	in	order	for	the	related	options	to	ultimately	vest).
As	of	December	31,	2012,	a	performance	milestone,	coupled	with	a	market	condition,	was	considered	probable	of	achievement.	Stock-based
compensation	expense	related	to	the	2012	CEO	Grant	was	$1.3	million	for	the	year	ended	December	31,	2012.
Summary	Stock	Based	Compensation	Information
The	following	table	summarizes	the	stock-based	compensation	expense	by	line	item	in	the	consolidated	statements	of	operations	(in	thousands):
	
	
		
Year	Ended	December	31,
	
	
		
2012
	
		
2011
	
		
2010
	
Cost	of	sales
		
$
2,194
		
		
$
670
		
		
$
243
		
Research	and	development
		
	
26,580
		
		
	
13,377
		
		
	
4,139
		
Selling,	general	and	administrative
		
	
21,371
		
		
	
15,372
		
		
	
16,774
		
	
		
	
		
	
Total
		
$
50,145
		
		
$
29,419
		
		
$
21,156
		
	
		
	
		
	
We	realized	no	income	tax	benefit	from	stock	option	exercises	in	each	of	the	periods	presented	due	to	recurring	losses	and	valuation	allowances.
As	required,	we	present	excess	tax	benefits	from	the	exercise	of	stock	options,	if	any,	as	financing	cash	flows	rather	than	operating	cash	flows.
As	of	December	31,	2012,	we	had	$109.5	million	of	total	unrecognized	compensation	expense,	net,	of	estimated	forfeitures,	that	will	be
recognized	over	a	weighted-average	period	of	5.35	years.
Employee	Stock	Purchase	Plan
Concurrent	with	the	effectiveness	of	our	registration	statement	on	Form	S-1	on	June	28,	2010	(see	Note	9),	we	established	the	ESPP.	Under	the
ESPP,	employees	are	eligible	to	purchase	common	stock	through	payroll
	
119Table	of	Contents
deductions	of	up	to	15%	of	their	eligible	compensation,	subject	to	any	plan	limitations.	The	purchase	price	of	the	shares	on	each	purchase	date	is	equal
to	85%	of	the	lower	of	the	fair	market	value	of	our	common	stock	on	the	first	and	last	trading	days	of	each	six-month	offering	period.	During	the	years
ended	December	31,	2012	and	2011,	373,526	shares	and	223,458	shares	were	issued	under	the	ESPP	for	$8.4	million	and	$3.9	million,	respectively.	A
total	of	2,615,749	shares	of	common	stock	have	been	reserved	for	issuance	under	the	ESPP,	and	there	were	2,018,765	shares	available	for	issuance
under	the	ESPP	as	of	December	31,	2012.
11.	Income	Taxes
No	provision	for	U.S.	income	taxes	has	been	made	due	to	cumulative	losses	since	the	commencement	of	operations.
A	provision	for	income	taxes	of	$0.1	million,	$0.5	million	and	$0.2	million	has	been	recognized	for	the	years	ended	December	31,	2012,	2011	and
2010,	respectively,	related	primarily	to	our	subsidiaries	located	outside	of	the	United	States.	Our	net	loss	before	provision	for	income	taxes	for	the	years
ended	December	31,	2012,	2011	and	2010	were	as	follows	(in	thousands):
	
	
		
Year	Ended	December	31,
	
	
		
2012
	
	
2011
	
	
2010
	
Domestic
		
$
396,653
		
	
$
254,761
		
	
$
154,734
		
International
		
	
(472
)	
	
	
(839
)	
	
	
(579
)	
		
	
	
	
Loss	before	income	taxes
		
$
396,181
		
	
$
253,922
		
	
$
154,155
		
		
	
	
	
The	components	of	the	provision	for	income	taxes	for	the	years	ended	December	31,	2012,	2011	and	2010,	consisted	of	the	following	(in
thousands):
	
	
		
Year	Ended	December	31,
	
	
		
				2012				
	
	
				2011				
	
		
				2010				
	
Current:
		
	
		
Federal
		
$
​		
		
	
$
	​		
		
		
$
	​		
		
State
		
	
23
		
	
	
29
		
		
	
9
		
Foreign
		
	
282
		
	
	
437
		
		
	
177
		
		
	
	
	
Total	current
		
	
305
		
	
	
466
		
		
	
186
		
		
	
	
	
Deferred:
		
	
		
Federal
		
	
​			
		
	
	
​			
		
		
	
​			
		
State
		
	
​			
		
	
	
​			
		
		
	
​			
		
Foreign
		
	
(169
)	
	
	
23
		
		
	
(13
)	
		
	
	
	
Total	deferred
		
	
(169
)	
	
	
23
		
		
	
(13
)	
		
	
	
	
Total	provision	for	income	taxes
		
$
136
		
	
$
489
		
		
$
173
		
		
	
	
	
	
120Table	of	Contents
Deferred	tax	assets	(liabilities)	as	of	December	31,	2012	and	2011	consisted	of	the	following	(in	thousands):
	
	
		
December	31,
2012
	
	
December	31,
2011
	
Deferred	tax	assets:
		
	
Net	operating	loss	carry-forwards
		
$
346,663
		
	
$
218,811
		
Research	and	development	credits
		
	
21,427
		
	
	
18,501
		
Foreign	tax	credits
		
	
120
		
	
Deferred	revenue
		
	
694
		
	
	
526
		
Inventory	and	warranty	reserves
		
	
8,088
		
	
	
3,537
		
Depreciation	and	amortization
		
	
72
		
	
	
3,071
		
Accruals	and	others
		
	
10,933
		
	
	
3,970
		
	
	
	
	
Total	deferred	tax	assets
		
	
387,997
		
	
	
248,416
		
Valuation	allowance
		
	
(371,844
)	
	
	
(248,384
)	
	
	
	
	
Deferred	tax	liabilities:
		
	
Others
		
	
(400
)	
	
	
​			
		
Depreciation	and	amortization
		
	
(15,588
)	
	
	
(37
)	
	
	
	
	
Net	deferred	tax	assets	(liabilities)
		
$
165
		
	
$
(5
)	
	
	
	
	
Reconciliation	of	statutory	federal	income	taxes	to	our	effective	taxes	for	the	years	ended	December	31,	2012,	2011	and	2010	is	as	follows	(in
thousands):
	
	
		
Year	Ended	December	31,
	
	
		
2012
	
	
2011
	
	
2010
	
Tax	at	statutory	federal	rate
		
$
(134,702
)	
	
$
(86,333
)	
	
$
(52,413
)	
State	tax​net	of	federal	benefit
		
	
(12,580
)	
	
	
(8,118
)	
	
	
(5,842
)	
Nondeductible	expenses
		
	
9,897
		
	
	
10,742
		
	
	
9,310
		
Foreign	income	rate	differential
		
	
262
		
	
	
(56
)	
	
	
254
		
U.S.	tax	credits
		
	
(2,785
)	
	
	
(5,049
)	
	
	
(4,406
)	
Other	reconciling	items
		
	
525
		
	
	
1,589
		
	
	
736
		
Change	in	valuation	allowance
		
	
139,519
		
	
	
87,714
		
	
	
52,534
		
		
	Provision	for	income	taxes
		
$
136
		
	
$
489
		
	
$
173
		
		
	
Management	believes	that	based	on	the	available	information,	it	is	more	likely	than	not	that	the	deferred	tax	assets	will	not	be	realized,	such	that
a	full	valuation	allowance	is	required	against	all	U.S.	deferred	tax	assets.
As	of	December	31,	2012,	we	had	approximately	$947.6	million	of	federal	and	$578.3	million	of	California	operating	loss	carry-forwards	available
to	offset	future	taxable	income,	$32.3	million	of	which	is	associated	with	windfall	tax	benefits	that	will	be	recorded	as	additional	paid-in	capital	when
realized.	These	carryforwards	will	expire	in	varying	amounts	beginning	in	2024	for	federal	and	2019	for	state	if	unused.	Additionally,	we	have	research
and	development	tax	credits	of	approximately	$10.9	million	and	$16.0	million	for	federal	and	state	income	tax	purposes,	respectively.	If	not	utilized,	the
federal	carry-forwards	will	expire	in	various	amounts	beginning	in	2019.	However,	the	state	credits	can	be	carried	forward	indefinitely.
We	have	indefinitely	reinvested	$2.3	million	of	undistributed	earnings	of	our	foreign	operations	outside	of	our	U.S.	tax	jurisdiction	as	of
December	31,	2012.	No	deferred	tax	liability	has	been	recognized	for	the	remittance	of	such	earnings	to	the	United	States	since	it	is	our	intention	to
utilize	these	earnings	to	fund	future	foreign	expansions	including	but	not	limited	to,	hiring	of	additional	personnel,	capital	purchases,	expansion	into
larger	facilities,	and	potential	new	dealerships,	and	determination	of	the	potential	deferred	tax	liability	is	not	practical.
Federal	and	state	laws	can	impose	substantial	restrictions	on	the	utilization	of	net	operating	loss	and	tax	credit	carry-forwards	in	the	event	of	an
​ownership	change,​	as	defined	in	Section	382	of	the	Internal	Revenue
	
121Table	of	Contents
Code.	Prior	to	our	IPO,	we	performed	a	study	and	had	determined	that	no	significant	limitation	would	be	placed	on	the	utilization	of	our	net	operating
loss	and	tax	credit	carry-forwards	as	a	result	of	prior	ownership	changes.	We	do	not	believe	that	our	public	offerings	and	private	placements	constituted
an	ownership	change	resulting	in	limitations	on	our	ability	to	use	our	net	operating	loss	and	tax	credit	carry-forwards;	however,	we	have	not	yet
performed	a	study	subsequent	to	our	IPO	to	determine	whether	such	limitations	exist.
Uncertain	Tax	Positions
The	aggregate	changes	in	the	balance	of	our	gross	unrecognized	tax	benefits	during	the	years	ended	December	31,	2012,	2011	and	2010	were	as
follows	(in	thousands):
	
January	1,	2010
		
$
15,596
		
Increases	in	balances	related	to	tax	positions	taken	during	current	year
		
	
797
		
		
	
December	31,	2010
		
	
16,393
		
Increases	in	balances	related	to	tax	positions	taken	during	current	year
		
	
1,037
		
		
	
December	31,	2011
		
	
17,430
		
Increases	in	balances	related	to	tax	positions	taken	during	current	year
		
	
640
		
		
	
December	31,	2012
		
$
18,070
		
		
	
Accrued	interest	and	penalties	related	to	unrecognized	tax	benefits	are	classified	as	income	tax	expense	and	was	immaterial.	As	of	December	31,
2012,	unrecognized	tax	benefits	of	$18.1	million,	if	recognized,	would	not	affect	our	effective	tax	rate	as	the	tax	benefits	would	increase	a	deferred	tax
asset	which	is	currently	fully	offset	with	a	full	valuation	allowance.	We	do	not	anticipate	that	the	amount	of	existing	unrecognized	tax	benefits	will
significantly	increase	or	decrease	within	the	next	12	months.	We	file	income	tax	returns	in	the	United	States,	California,	various	states	and	foreign
jurisdictions.	Tax	years	2009	to	2011	remain	subject	to	examination	for	federal	purposes,	and	tax	years	2008	to	2011	remain	subject	to	examination	for
California	purposes.	All	net	operating	losses	and	tax	credits	generated	to	date	are	subject	to	adjustment	for	U.S.	federal	and	California	purposes.	Tax
years	2007	to	2011	remain	open	for	examination	in	other	U.S.	state	and	foreign	jurisdictions.
12.	Information	about	Geographic	Areas
We	have	determined	that	we	operate	in	one	reporting	segment	which	is	the	design,	development,	manufacturing	and	sales	of	electric	vehicles	and
electric	vehicle	powertrain	components.
The	following	tables	set	forth	revenues	and	long-lived	assets	by	geographic	area	(in	thousands).
Revenues
	
	
		
Year	Ended	December	31,
	
	
		
2012
	
		
2011
	
		
2010
	
North	America
		
$
355,325
		
		
$
109,233
		
		
$
41,866
		
Europe
		
	
50,318
		
		
	
84,397
		
		
	
70,542
		
Asia
		
	
7,613
		
		
	
10,612
		
		
	
4,336
		
		
	
		
	
	
Total
		
$
413,256
		
		
$
204,242
		
		
$
116,744
		
		
	
		
	
	
During	the	years	ended	December	31,	2012,	2011	and	2010,	we	recognized	revenues	of	$341.5	million,	$103.9	million	and	$37.6	million	in	the
United	States,	respectively.
	
122Table	of	Contents
Long-lived	Assets
	
	
		
December	31,
2012
	
		
December	31,
2011
	
United	States
		
$
552,302
		
		
$
304,787
		
International
		
	
9,998
		
		
	
5,384
		
		
		
	
	
Total
		
$
562,300
		
		
$
310,171
		
		
		
	
	
13.	Strategic	Partnerships
Daimler	AG
Daimler	A-Class	Program
During	the	three	months	ended	March	31,	2010,	Daimler	engaged	us	to	assist	with	the	development	and	production	of	a	battery	pack	and	charger
for	a	pilot	fleet	of	its	A-Class	electric	vehicles	to	be	introduced	in	Europe	during	2011.	As	of	December	31,	2010,	all	development	work	related	to	the
development	agreement	had	been	completed,	and	we	had	recognized	the	full	$14.4	million	under	the	development	agreement.
Daimler	Mercedes-Benz	EV	Program
During	the	fourth	quarter	of	2011,	Daimler	engaged	us	to	assist	with	the	development	of	a	full	electric	powertrain	for	a	Daimler	Mercedes-Benz
B-Class	EV	vehicle.	In	2012,	we	received	two	purchase	orders	from	Daimler	to	begin	development	work	and	also	entered	into	a	separate	development
agreement.	Pursuant	to	the	development	agreement,	Daimler	will	pay	us	up	to	$33.2	million	for	the	successful	completion	of	certain	at	risk	development
milestones	and	the	delivery	of	prototype	samples.	During	the	year	ended	December	31,	2012,	we	completed	various	milestones	and	delivered	prototype
samples.	During	the	year	ended	December	31,	2012,	we	recognized	$15.9	million	in	development	services	revenue	related	to	the	Mercedes-Benz	B-
Class	EV	program.
Toyota	Motor	Corporation
Toyota	RAV4	Program
In	July	2010,	we	and	Toyota	entered	into	a	Phase	0	agreement	to	initiate	development	of	an	electric	powertrain	for	the	Toyota	RAV4.	Under	this
early	phase	development	agreement,	prototypes	were	made	by	us	by	combining	the	Toyota	RAV4	model	with	a	Tesla	electric	powertrain.	During	the
years	ended	December	31,	2011	and	2010,	we	recognized	$7.6	million	and	$1.3	million	in	development	services	revenue,	respectively.	As	of
December	31,	2011,	we	had	delivered	all	prototypes.
In	October	2010,	we	entered	into	a	Phase	1	contract	services	agreement	with	Toyota	for	the	development	of	a	validated	powertrain	system,
including	a	battery	pack,	power	electronics	module,	motor,	gearbox	and	associated	software	to	be	integrated	into	an	electric	vehicle	version	of	the
Toyota	RAV4.	Toyota	paid	$60.1	million	for	the	successful	completion	of	certain	at	risk	development	milestones	and	the	delivery	of	prototype	samples,
including	a	$5.0	million	upfront	payment	that	we	received	upon	the	execution	of	the	agreement.	During	the	years	ended	December	31,	2012,	2011	and
2010,	we	completed	various	milestones	and	along	with	the	amortization	of	our	upfront	payment	and	the	delivery	of	certain	prototype	samples,	we
recognized	$10.7	million,	$47.4	million	and	$3.3	million	in	development	services	revenue,	respectively.	As	of	March	31,	2012,	all	development
milestones	under	the	Phase	1	agreement	have	been	completed.
In	July	2011,	we	entered	into	a	supply	and	services	agreement	with	Toyota	for	the	supply	of	a	validated	electric	powertrain	system,	including	a
battery	pack,	charging	system,	inverter,	motor,	gearbox	and	associated	software,	which	will	be	integrated	into	an	electric	vehicle	version	of	the	Toyota
RAV4.	Additionally,	we	will	provide	Toyota	with	certain	services	related	to	the	supply	of	the	electric	powertrain	system.	During	the	three	months	ended
March	31,	2012,	we	began	delivering	electric	powertrain	systems	to	Toyota.	During	the	year	ended
	
123Table	of	Contents
December	31,	2012,	we	recognized	revenue	of	$29.1	million	in	automotive	sales	related	to	these	sales.	Our	production	activities	under	this	program	are
expected	to	continue	through	2014.
14.	Commitments	and	Contingencies
Operating	Leases
Our	corporate	headquarters	and	powertrain	production	operations	are	based	in	Palo	Alto,	California	where	we	have	leased	a	facility	consisting	of
350,000	square	feet.	This	lease	expires	in	January	2020.	We	also	lease	office	space	under	non-cancelable	operating	leases	with	various	expiration	dates
through	December	2022.	Rent	expense	for	the	years	ended	December	31,	2012,	2011	and	2010	was	$12.1	million,	$8.6	million	and	$6.3	million,
respectively.
Capital	Leases
We	have	entered	into	various	agreements	to	lease	equipment	under	capital	leases	over	terms	between	36	and	60	months.	The	equipment	under
the	leases	are	collateral	for	the	lease	obligations	and	are	included	within	property,	plant	and	equipment,	net,	on	the	consolidated	balance	sheets	under
the	categories	of	computer	equipment	and	software	and	office	furniture	and	equipment.
Future	minimum	commitments	for	leases	as	of	December	31,	2012	are	as	follows	(in	thousands):
	
	
		
Operating
Leases
	
		
Capital
Leases
	
2013
		
$
13,866
		
		
	
5,646
		
2014
		
	
14,298
		
		
	
5,199
		
2015
		
	
13,692
		
		
	
3,566
		
2016
		
	
19,967
		
		
	
923
		
2017	and	thereafter
		
	
30,816
		
		
	
30
		
		
	
		
	
Total	minimum	lease	payments
		
$
92,639
		
		
	
15,364
		
		
	
		
Less:	Amounts	representing	interest	not	yet	incurred
		
		
	
1,034
		
		
		
	
Present	value	of	capital	lease	obligations
		
		
	
14,330
		
		
		
	
Less:	Current	portion
		
		
	
4,365
		
		
		
	
Long-term	portion	of	capital	lease	obligations
		
		
$
9,965
		
		
		
	
DOE	Loan	Facility
We	have	received	loans	under	the	DOE	Loan	Facility	(see	Note	8).	Future	loan	repayments	for	these	loans	as	of	December	31,	2012	are	as	follows
(in	thousands):
	
2013
		
$
58,068
		
2014
		
	
57,216
		
2015
		
	
56,378
		
2016
		
	
55,535
		
2017	and	thereafter
		
	
260,354
		
		
	Total	loan	repayments	under	the	DOE	Loan	Facility
		
	
487,551
		
Less:	Amounts	representing	interest	not	yet	incurred
		
	
35,215
		
		
	
Principal	amount	of	outstanding	loans	under	the	DOE	Loan	Facility
		
	
452,336
		
Less:	Current	portion
		
	
50,841
		
		
	
Long-term	portion	of	loans	under	the	DOE	Loan	Facility
		
$
401,495
		
		
	
	
124Table	of	Contents
Environmental	Liabilities
In	May	2010,	we	entered	into	an	agreement	to	purchase	an	existing	automobile	production	facility	located	in	Fremont,	California	from	New
United	Motor	Manufacturing,	Inc.	(NUMMI).	NUMMI	has	previously	identified	environmental	conditions	at	the	Fremont	site	which	affect	soil	and
groundwater,	and	until	recently,	were	undertaking	efforts	to	address	these	conditions.	These	conditions	are	now	being	addressed	by	us	and	NUMMI.
Although	we	have	been	advised	by	NUMMI	that	it	has	documented	and	managed	the	environmental	issues	and	we	completed	a	reasonable	level	of
diligence	on	such	environmental	issues	at	the	time	we	purchased	the	facility,	we	cannot	determine	the	potential	costs	to	remediate	any	pre-existing
contamination	with	any	certainty.	Based	on	management​s	best	estimate,	we	estimated	the	fair	value	of	the	environmental	liabilities	that	we	assumed	to
be	$5.3	million.	The	fair	value	of	these	liabilities	was	determined	based	on	an	expected	value	analysis	of	the	related	potential	costs	to	investigate,
remediate	and	manage	various	environmental	conditions	that	were	identified	as	part	of	NUMMI​s	facility	decommissioning	activities	as	well	as	our	own
diligence	efforts.	As	we	continue	with	our	construction	and	operating	activities,	it	is	reasonably	possible	that	our	estimate	of	environmental	liabilities
may	change	materially.
We	have	reached	an	agreement	with	NUMMI	under	which,	over	a	ten	year	period,	we	will	pay	the	first	$15.0	million	of	any	costs	of	any
governmentally-required	remediation	activities	for	contamination	that	existed	prior	to	the	completion	of	the	facility	and	land	purchase	for	any	known	or
unknown	environmental	conditions,	and	NUMMI	has	agreed	to	pay	the	next	$15.0	million	for	such	remediation	activities.	Our	agreement	provides,	in
part,	that	NUMMI	will	pay	up	to	the	first	$15.0	million	on	our	behalf	if	such	expenses	are	incurred	in	the	first	four	years	of	our	agreement,	subject	to
our	reimbursement	of	such	costs	on	the	fourth	anniversary	date	of	the	closing.
On	the	ten-year	anniversary	of	the	closing	or	whenever	$30.0	million	has	been	spent	on	the	remediation	activities,	whichever	comes	first,
NUMMI​s	liability	to	us	with	respect	to	remediation	activities	ceases,	and	we	are	responsible	for	any	and	all	environmental	conditions	at	the	Fremont
site.	At	that	point	in	time,	we	have	agreed	to	indemnify,	defend,	and	hold	harmless	NUMMI	from	all	liability	and	we	have	released	NUMMI	for	any
known	or	unknown	claims	except	for	NUMMI​s	obligations	for	representations	and	warranties	under	the	agreement.	As	of	December	31,	2012	and	2011,
we	have	accrued	$5.3	million	related	to	these	environmental	liabilities,	respectively.
From	time	to	time,	we	are	subject	to	various	legal	proceedings	that	arise	from	the	normal	course	of	business	activities.	In	addition,	from	time	to
time,	third	parties	may	assert	intellectual	property	infringement	claims	against	us	in	the	form	of	letters	and	other	forms	of	communication.	If	an
unfavorable	ruling	were	to	occur,	there	exists	the	possibility	of	a	material	adverse	impact	on	our	results	of	operations,	prospects,	cash	flows,	financial
position	and	brand.
15.	Subsequent	Events
DOE	Loan	Facility
In	February	2013,	we	made	a	pre-funding	payment	of	$14.6	million	for	all	principal	and	interest	that	will	come	due	on	June	15,	2013	into	a
dedicated	debt	service	reserve	account	in	accordance	with	the	pre-funding	requirement	under	the	DOE	Loan	Facility.	We	entered	into	an	amendment
with	the	DOE	effective	March	1,	2013.	We	agreed	among	other	things	to:	(i)	modify	certain	future	financial	covenants;	(ii)	accelerate	the	maturity	date
of	the	DOE	Loan	Facility	to	December	15,	2017;	(iii)	create	an	obligation	to	repay	approximately	1.0%	of	the	outstanding	principal	under	the	DOE	Loan
Facility	on	or	before	June	15,	2013;	and	(iv)	create	additional	contingent	obligations	based	on	excess	cash	flow	that	may	result	in	accelerated	repayment
of	the	DOE	Loan	Facility	starting	in	2015.	The	original	amortization	schedule	for	the	DOE	Loan	Facility	is	not	affected	by	this	recent	amendment,	and	so
the	debt	service	payments	remain	the	same	until	the	new	maturity	date	when	all	outstanding	loans	under	the	DOE	Loan	Facility	are	to	be	repaid.
Conforming	administrative	changes	to	documents	related	to	this	amendment	are	in	process	and	expected	to	be	completed	in	March	2013.
	
125Table	of	Contents
16.	Quarterly	Results	of	Operations	(Unaudited)
The	following	table	includes	selected	quarterly	results	of	operations	data	for	the	years	ended	December	31,	2012	and	2011	(in	thousands,	except
per	share	data):
	
	
		
Three	months	ended
	
	
		
March	31
	
	
June	30
	
	
September	30
	
	
December	31
	
2012
		
	
	
	
Total	revenues
		
$
30,167
		
	
$
26,653
		
	
$
50,104
		
	
$
306,332
		
Gross	profit	(loss)
		
	
10,210
		
	
	
4,762
		
	
	
(8,761
)	
	
	
23,857
		
Net	loss
		
	
(89,873
)	
	
	
(105,603
)	
	
	
(110,804
)	
	
	
(89,932
)	
Net	loss	per	share,	basic	and	diluted
		
	
(0.86
)	
	
	
(1.00
)	
	
	
(1.05
)	
	
	
(0.79
)	
2011
		
	
	
	
Total	revenues
		
$
49,030
		
	
$
58,171
		
	
$
57,666
		
	
$
39,375
		
Gross	profit
		
	
18,028
		
	
	
18,508
		
	
	
17,224
		
	
	
7,835
		
Net	loss
		
	
(48,941
)	
	
	
(58,903
)	
	
	
(65,078
)	
	
	
(81,488
)	
Net	loss	per	share,	basic	and	diluted
		
	
(0.51
)	
	
	
(0.60
)	
	
	
(0.63
)	
	
	
(0.78
)	
Net	loss	per	share,	basic	and	diluted	for	the	four	quarters	of	each	fiscal	year	may	not	sum	to	the	total	for	the	fiscal	year	because	of	the	different
numbers	of	shares	outstanding	during	each	period.
17.	Restatement	of	Unaudited	Condensed	Consolidated	Financial	Statements
On	March	6,	2013,	we	concluded	that	the	condensed	consolidated	statements	of	cash	flows	for	the	year-to-date	periods	ended	March	31,	2012,
June	30,	2012	and	September	30,	2012,	including	comparatively	presented	periods,	that	we	previously	included	in	our	Quarterly	Reports	on	Forms	10-Q
filed	in	2012	should	be	restated	as	a	result	of	erroneous	inclusion	in	cash	outflows	from	investing	activities	amounts	related	to	purchases	of	property
and	equipment	not	yet	paid	for	at	each	balance	sheet	date.
These	restatements	result	in	decreases	in	cash	flows	used	in	investing	activities	and	corresponding	increases	in	cash	flows	used	in	operating
activities.	These	restatements	had	no	impact	on	our	previously	reported	total	cash	and	cash	equivalents,	condensed	consolidated	balance	sheets	or
consolidated	statements	of	operations.
As	detailed	in	the	tables	below,	these	restatements	impact	the	following	condensed	consolidated	cash	flow	line	items:
	
	
	
Three	Months	Ended
March	31,	2012
	
	
Six	Months	Ended
June	30,	2012
	
	
Nine	Months	Ended
September	30,	2012
	
	
	
As
Previously
Reported
	
	
Adjustment
	
	
As
Restated
	
	
As
Previously
Reported
	
	
Adjustment
	
	
As
Restated
	
	
As
Previously
Reported
	
	
Adjustment
	
	
As
Restated
	
Cash	Flows	From	Operating	Activities
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Accounts	payable	and	accrued	liabilities
	
$
6,890
		
	
$
(13,213
)	
	
$
(6,323
)	
	
$
22,847
		
	
$
(16,496
)	
	
$
6,351
		
	
$
94,087
		
	
$
(22,570
)	
	
$
71,517
		
Net	cash	used	in	operating	activities
	
	
(50,087
)	
	
	
(13,213
)	
	
	
(63,300
)	
	
	
(111,068
)	
	
	
(16,496
)	
	
	
(127,564
)	
	
	
(206,020
)	
	
	
(22,570
)	
	
	
(228,590
)	
Cash	Flows	From	Investing	Activities
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Purchases	of	property	and	equipment,	excludingcapital	leases
	
	
(67,987
)	
	
	
13,213
		
	
	
(54,774
)	
	
	
(129,273
)	
	
	
16,496
		
	
	
(112,777
)	
	
	
(197,745
)	
	
	
22,570
		
	
	
(175,175
)	
Net	cash	used	in	investing	activities
	
	
(79,440
)	
	
	
13,213
		
	
	
(66,227
)	
	
	
(98,655
)	
	
	
16,496
		
	
	
(82,159
)	
	
	
(168,743
)	
	
	
22,570
		
	
	
(146,173
)	
Supplemental	disclosure	of	noncash	investing
activities
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Acquisition	of	property	and	equipment
	
	
520
		
	
	
27,747
		
	
	
28,267
		
	
	
2,106
		
	
	
28,061
		
	
	
30,167
		
	
	
1,810
		
	
	
34,430
		
	
	
36,240
		
	
126Table	of	Contents
	
	
Three	Months	Ended
March	31,	2011
	
	
Six	Months	Ended
June	30,	2011
	
	
Nine	Months	Ended
September	30,	2011
	
	
	
As
Previously
Reported
	
	
Adjustment
	
	
As
Restated
	
	
As
Previously
Reported
	
	
Adjustment
	
	
As
Restated
	
	
As
Previously
Reported
	
	
Adjustment
	
	
As
Restated
	
Cash	Flows	From	Operating	Activities
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Accounts	payable	and	accrued	liabilities
	
$
7,742
		
	
$
(226
)	
	
$
7,516
		
	
$
26,118
		
	
$
(720
)	
	
$
25,398
		
	
$
37,999
		
	
$
(20,506
)	
	
$
17,493
		
Net	cash	used	in	operating	activities
	
	
(43,297
)	
	
	
(226
)	
	
	
(43,523
)	
	
	
(65,785
)	
	
	
(720
)	
	
	
(66,505
)	
	
	
(87,276
)	
	
	
(20,506
)	
	
	
(107,782
)	
Cash	Flows	From	Investing	Activities
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Purchases	of	property	and	equipment,	excluding
capital	leases
	
	
(20,476
)	
	
	
226
		
	
	
(20,250
)	
	
	
(74,790
)	
	
	
720
		
	
	
(74,070
)	
	
	
(143,634
)	
	
	
20,506
		
	
	
(123,128
)	
Net	cash	provided	by	(used	in)	investing	activities
	
	
10,111
		
	
	
226
		
	
	
10,337
		
	
	
(13,011
)	
	
	
720
		
	
	
(12,291
)	
	
	
(191,181
)	
	
	
20,506
		
	
	
(170,675
)	
Supplemental	disclosure	of	noncash	investing
activities
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Acquisition	of	property	and	equipment
	
	
2,372
		
	
	
13,661
		
	
	
16,033
		
	
	
7,306
		
	
	
5,203
		
	
	
12,509
		
	
	
568
		
	
	
24,490
		
	
	
25,058
		
	
127Table	of	Contents
ITEM	9.
CHANGES	IN	AND	DISAGREEMENTS	WITH	ACCOUNTANTS	ON	ACCOUNTING	AND	FINANCIAL	DISCLOSURE
Not	applicable.
	
ITEM	9A.
CONTROLS	AND	PROCEDURES
Evaluation	of	Disclosure	Controls	and	Procedures
We	conducted	an	evaluation	as	of	December	31,	2012,	under	the	supervision	and	with	the	participation	of	our	management,	including	our	Chief
Executive	Officer	and	Chief	Financial	Officer,	of	the	effectiveness	of	the	design	and	operation	of	our	disclosure	controls	and	procedures.	Based	upon
that	evaluation,	our	Chief	Executive	Officer	and	Chief	Financial	Officer	concluded	that,	as	of	such	date,	our	disclosure	controls	and	procedures	were	not
effective	due	to	a	material	weakness	in	our	internal	control	over	financial	reporting	related	to	the	presentation	and	disclosure	of	non-cash	capital
expenditures	in	our	consolidated	statements	of	cash	flows	as	described	below.
Management​s	Report	on	Internal	Control	over	Financial	Reporting
Our	management	is	responsible	for	establishing	and	maintaining	adequate	internal	control	over	financial	reporting.	Internal	control	over	financial
reporting	is	a	process	designed	by,	or	under	the	supervision	of,	our	Chief	Executive	Officer	and	Chief	Financial	Officer	to	provide	reasonable	assurance
regarding	the	reliability	of	financial	reporting	and	the	preparation	of	financial	statements	for	external	purposes	in	accordance	with	generally	accepted
accounting	principles	and	includes	those	policies	and	procedures	that	(1)	pertain	to	the	maintenance	of	records	that	in	reasonable	detail	accurately	and
fairly	reflect	the	transactions	and	dispositions	of	our	assets;	(2)	provide	reasonable	assurance	that	transactions	are	recorded	as	necessary	to	permit
preparation	of	financial	statements	in	accordance	with	generally	accepted	accounting	principles,	and	that	our	receipts	and	expenditures	are	being	made
only	in	accordance	with	authorizations	of	our	management	and	directors;	and	(3)	provide	reasonable	assurance	regarding	prevention	or	timely
detection	of	unauthorized	acquisition,	use	or	disposition	of	our	assets	that	could	have	a	material	effect	on	the	financial	statements.
Under	the	supervision	and	with	the	participation	of	our	management,	including	our	Chief	Executive	Officer	and	Chief	Financial	Officer,	we
conducted	an	evaluation	of	the	effectiveness	of	our	internal	control	over	financial	reporting	based	on	criteria	established	in	​Internal	Control​Integrated
Framework​	issued	by	the	Committee	of	Sponsoring	Organizations	of	the	Treadway	Commission	(COSO).	Our	management	concluded	that	our	internal
control	over	financial	reporting	was	ineffective	as	of	December	31,	2012	because	a	material	weakness	existed	in	our	internal	control	over	financial
reporting	related	to	the	presentation	and	disclosure	of	non-cash	capital	expenditures	in	our	consolidated	statements	of	cash	flows.	A	material	weakness
is	a	deficiency,	or	a	combination	of	deficiencies,	in	internal	control	over	financial	reporting,	such	that	there	is	a	reasonable	possibility	that	a	material
misstatement	of	our	annual	or	interim	financial	statements	will	not	be	prevented	or	detected	on	a	timely	basis.	Specifically,	we	did	not	design	effective
controls	to	determine	and	review	the	total	unpaid	amounts	related	to	capital	expenditures	that	should	have	been	excluded	from	operating	and	investing
activities	in	the	cash	flow	statement	and	disclosed	as	non-cash	items.
This	material	weakness	resulted	in	an	audit	adjustment	related	to	non-cash	capital	expenditures	for	the	year	ended	December	31,	2012,	a
restatement	of	our	condensed	consolidated	statements	of	cash	flows	for	the	periods	ended	March	31,	2012,	June	30,	2012	and	September	30,	2012
including	their	comparative	periods	for	2011,	and	a	revision	of	our	consolidated	financial	statements	for	the	year	ended	December	31,	2011.
Additionally,	this	material	weakness	could	result	in	a	further	misstatement	of	the	aforementioned	account	balances	or	disclosures	that	would	result	in	a
material	misstatement	to	the	annual	or	interim	consolidated	financial	statements	that	would	not	be	prevented	or	detected.
Our	independent	registered	public	accounting	firm,	PricewaterhouseCoopers	LLP,	has	audited	our	internal	control	over	financial	reporting	as	of
December	31,	2012	as	stated	in	their	report	which	is	included	herein.
	
128Table	of	Contents
Limitations	on	the	Effectiveness	of	Controls
Because	of	inherent	limitations,	internal	control	over	financial	reporting	may	not	prevent	or	detect	misstatements	and	projections	of	any
evaluation	of	effectiveness	to	future	periods	are	subject	to	the	risk	that	controls	may	become	inadequate	because	of	changes	in	conditions,	or	that	the
degree	of	compliance	with	the	policies	or	procedures	may	deteriorate.
Changes	in	Internal	Control	over	Financial	Reporting
There	was	no	change	in	our	internal	control	over	financial	reporting	which	occurred	during	the	fourth	fiscal	quarter	of	the	year	ended	December
31,	2012	which	has	materially	affected,	or	is	reasonably	likely	to	materially	affect,	our	internal	control	over	financial	reporting.
Management​s	Remediation	Initiatives
Subsequent	to	the	end	of	the	period	of	this	report,	and	in	light	of	the	material	weakness	described	above,	we	have	taken	steps	to	remediate	our
material	weakness.	We	have	begun	to	include	as	part	of	our	financial	reporting	review	process,	the	determination	of	total	unpaid	amounts	related	to
capital	expenditures	that	should	be	excluded	from	investing	activities	in	the	consolidated	statement	of	cash	flows	and	disclosed	as	non-cash	items.
	
ITEM	9B.
OTHER	INFORMATION
Not	applicable.
	
129Table	of	Contents
PART	III
	
ITEM	10.
DIRECTORS,	EXECUTIVE	OFFICERS	AND	CORPORATE	GOVERNANCE
The	information	required	by	this	Item	10	of	Form	10-K	will	be	included	in	our	2013	Proxy	Statement	to	be	filed	with	the	SEC	in	connection	with
the	solicitation	of	proxies	for	our	2013	Annual	Meeting	of	Stockholders	(2013	Proxy	Statement)	and	is	incorporated	herein	by	reference.	The	2013	Proxy
Statement	will	be	filed	with	the	SEC	within	120	days	after	the	end	of	the	fiscal	year	to	which	this	report	relates.
	
ITEM	11.
EXECUTIVE	COMPENSATION
The	information	required	by	this	Item	11	of	Form	10-K	will	be	included	in	our	2013	Proxy	Statement	and	is	incorporated	herein	by	reference.
	
ITEM	12.
SECURITY	OWNERSHIP	OF	CERTAIN	BENEFICIAL	OWNERS	AND	MANAGEMENT	AND	RELATED	STOCKHOLDER
MATTERS
The	information	required	by	this	Item	12	of	Form	10-K	will	be	included	in	our	2013	Proxy	Statement	and	is	incorporated	herein	by	reference.
	
ITEM	13.
CERTAIN	RELATIONSHIPS	AND	RELATED	TRANSACTIONS,	AND	DIRECTOR	INDEPENDENCE
The	information	required	by	this	Item	13	of	Form	10-K	will	be	included	in	our	2013	Proxy	Statement	and	is	incorporated	herein	by	reference.
	
ITEM	14.
PRINCIPAL	ACCOUNTANT	FEES	AND	SERVICES
The	information	required	by	this	Item	14	of	Form	10-K	will	be	included	in	our	2013	Proxy	Statement	and	is	incorporated	herein	by	reference.
PART	IV
	
ITEM	15.
EXHIBITS	AND	FINANCIAL	STATEMENT	SCHEDULES
	
1.
Financial	Statements.	See	​Index	to	Consolidated	Financial	Statements​	in	Part	II,	Item	8	of	this	Annual	Report	on	Form	10-K.
	
2.
All	financial	statement	schedules	have	been	omitted,	since	the	required	information	is	not	applicable	or	is	not	present	in	amounts	sufficient	to
require	submission	of	the	schedule,	or	because	the	information	required	is	included	in	the	consolidated	financial	statements	and	notes	thereto.
	
3.
Exhibits.	The	exhibits	listed	in	the	accompanying	​Index	to	Exhibits​	are	filed	or	incorporated	by	reference	as	part	of	this	Annual	Report	on	Form
10-K.
	
130Table	of	Contents
INDEX	TO	EXHIBITS
	
Exhibit
Number
		
Exhibit
Description
	
Incorporated	by	Reference
	
Filed
Herewith
		
	
Form
	
File	No.
	
Exhibit
	
Filing	Date
	
		3.1
		
Amended	and	Restated	Certificate	of	Incorporation	of	the
Registrant
	
S-1
	
333-164593
	
3.1
	
January	29,	2010
	
		3.2
		
Amended	and	Restated	Bylaws	of	the	Registrant
	
S-1
	
333-164593
	
3.2
	
January	29,	2010
	
		4.1
		
Specimen	common	stock	certificate	of	the	Registrant
	
S-1/A
	
333-164593
	
4.1
	
May	27,	2010
	
		4.2
		
Fifth	Amended	and	Restated	Investors​	Rights	Agreement,
dated	as	of	August	31,	2009,	between	Registrant	and
certain	holders	of	the	Registrant​s	capital	stock	named
therein
	
S-1
	
333-164593
	
4.2
	
January	29,	2010
	
		4.2A
		
Amendment	to	Fifth	Amended	and	Restated	Investors​
Rights	Agreement,	dated	as	of	May	20,	2010,	between
Registrant	and	certain	holders	of	the	Registrant​s	capital
stock	named	therein
	
S-1/A
	
333-164593
	
4.2A
	
May	27,	2010
	
		4.2B
		
Amendment	to	Fifth	Amended	and	Restated	Investors​
Rights	Agreement	between	Registrant,	Toyota	Motor
Corporation	and	certain	holders	of	the	Registrant​s	capital
stock	named	therein
	
S-1/A
	
333-164593
	
4.2B
	
May	27,	2010
	
		4.2C
		
Amendment	to	Fifth	Amended	and	Restated	Investor​s
Rights	Agreement,	dated	as	of	June	14,	2010,	between
Registrant	and	certain	holders	of	the	Registrant​s	capital
stock	named	therein
	
S-1/A
	
333-164593
	
4.2C
	
June	15,	2010
	
		4.2D
		
Amendment	to	Fifth	Amended	and	Restated	Investor​s
Rights	Agreement,	dated	as	of	November	2,	2010,
between	Registrant	and	certain	holders	of	the
Registrant​s	capital	stock	named	therein
	
8-K
	
001-34756
	
4.1
	
November	4,	2010
	
		4.3
		
Registration	Rights	Agreement	between	the	United
States	Department	of	Energy	and	the	Registrant	dated	as
of	January	20,	2010
	
S-1/A
	
333-164593
	
4.3
	
May	27,	2010
	
		4.3A
		
Amendment	to	Registration	Rights	Agreement	between
the	United	States	Department	of	Energy	and	the
Registrant	dated	as	of	May	21,	2010
	
S-1/A
	
333-164593
	
4.3A
	
May	27,	2010
	
	
131Table	of	Contents
Exhibit
Number
		
Exhibit
Description
	
Incorporated	by	Reference
	
Filed
Herewith
		
	
Form
	
File	No.
	
Exhibit
	
Filing	Date
	
		4.4
		
Warrant	to	Purchase	Shares	of	Preferred	Stock	issued	by
the	Registrant	to	the	United	States	Department	of	Energy
dated	January	20,	2010
	
S-1/A
	
333-164593
	
4.4
	
May	27,	2010
	
		4.5
		
Warrant	to	Purchase	Shares	of	Common	Stock	issued	by
the	Registrant	to	the	United	States	Department	of	Energy
dated	May	21,	2010
	
S-1/A
	
333-164593
	
4.5
	
May	27,	2010
	
		4.6
		
Fifth	Amendment	to	Fifth	Amended	and	Restated
Investors​	Rights	Agreement,	dated	as	of	May	30,	2011,
between	Registrant	and	certain	holders	of	the
Registrant​s	capital	stock	named	therein
	
8-K
	
001-34756
	
4.1
	
June	1,	2011
	
		4.7
		
Fifth	Amendment	to	Fifth	Amended	and	Restated
Investors​	Rights	Agreement,	dated	as	of	May	25,	2011,
between	Registrant	and	certain	holders	of	the
Registrant​s	capital	stock	named	therein
	
S-1/A
	
333-174466
	
4.2E
	
June	2,	2011
	
10.1
		
Form	of	Indemnification	Agreement	between	the
Registrant	and	its	directors	and	officers
	
S-1/A
	
333-164593
	
10.1
	
June	15,	2010
	
10.2
		
2003	Equity	Incentive	Plan
	
S-1/A
	
333-164593
	
10.2
	
May	27,	2010
	
10.3
		
Form	of	Stock	Option	Agreement	under	2003	Equity
Incentive	Plan
	
S-1
	
333-164593
	
10.3
	
January	29,	2010
	
10.3A
		
Grant	Notice	and	Stock	Option	Agreement	between	the
Registrant	and	Elon	Musk
	
S-1/A
	
333-164593
	
10.3A
	
March	29,	2010
	
10.4
		
2010	Equity	Incentive	Plan
	
S-1/A
	
333-164593
	
10.4
	
May	27,	2010
	
10.5
		
Form	of	Stock	Option	Agreement	under	2010	Equity
Incentive	Plan
	
S-1/A
	
333-164593
	
10.5
	
March	29,	2010
	
10.6
		
Form	of	Restricted	Stock	Unit	Award	Agreement	under
2010	Equity	Incentive	Plan
	
S-1/A
	
333-164593
	
10.6
	
March	29,	2010
	
10.7
		
2010	Employee	Stock	Purchase	Plan
	
S-1/A
	
333-164593
	
10.7
	
May	27,	2010
	
10.8
		
Form	of	Purchase	Agreement	under	2010	Employee
Stock	Purchase	Plan
	
S-1/A
	
333-164593
	
10.8
	
June	15,	2010
	
	
132Table	of	Contents
Exhibit
Number
		
Exhibit
Description
	
Incorporated	by	Reference
	
Filed
Herewith
		
	
Form
	
File	No.
	
Exhibit
	
Filing	Date
	
10.9
		
Offer	Letter	between	the	Registrant	and	Elon	Musk	dated
October	13,	2008
	
S-1
	
333-164593
	
10.9
	
January	29,	2010
	
10.10
		
Offer	Letter	between	the	Registrant	and	Deepak	Ahuja
dated	June	13,	2008,	and	amended	June	4,	2009
	
S-1
	
333-164593
	
10.10
	
January	29,	2010
	
10.11
		
Relocation	Agreement	between	the	Registrant	and	Deepak
Ahuja	effective	October	31,	2008	and	amended	June	4,
2009
	
S-1
	
333-164593
	
10.11
	
January	29,	2010
	
10.12
		
Offer	Letter	between	the	Registrant	and	Jeffrey	B.	Straubel
dated	May	6,	2004
	
S-1
	
333-164593
	
10.12
	
January	29,	2010
	
10.13
		
Offer	Letter	between	the	Registrant	and	Michael	F.
Donoughe	dated	June	4,	2008,	and	amended	December	10,
2008
	
S-1
	
333-164593
	
10.13
	
January	29,	2010
	
10.14
		
Offer	Letter	between	the	Registrant	and	John	Walker	dated
August	17,	2009
	
S-1
	
333-164593
	
10.14
	
January	29,	2010
	
10.15
		
Relocation	Agreement	between	the	Registrant	and	John
Walker	dated	January	26,	2010
	
S-1
	
333-164593
	
10.15
	
January	29,	2010
	
10.16
		
Offer	Letter	between	the	Registrant	and	Jon	Sobel	dated
August	30,	2009
	
S-1
	
333-164593
	
10.16
	
January	29,	2010
	
10.17
		
Offer	Letter	between	the	Registrant	and	Gilbert	Passin
dated	January	1,	2010
	
S-1
	
333-164593
	
10.17
	
January	29,	2010
	
10.18
		
Commercial	Single-Tenant	Lease	between	the	Registrant
and	Russell	A.	and	Deborah	B.	Margiotta,	Trustees	of	the
Margiotta	Family	Trust	UTA	May	26,	1981	dated	June	7,
2005
	
S-1
	
333-164593
	
10.18
	
January	29,	2010
	
10.19
		
Commercial	Single-Tenant	Lease	between	the	Registrant
and	James	R.	Hull	dated	August	16,	2006
	
S-1
	
333-164593
	
10.19
	
January	29,	2010
	
10.20
		
Commercial	Lease	between	the	Registrant	and	The	Board
of	Trustees	of	The	Leland	Stanford	Jr.	University	dated	July
25,	2007
	
S-1
	
333-164593
	
10.20
	
January	29,	2010
	
10.21
		
License	Agreement	between	the	Registrant	and	MS	Kearny
Northrop	Avenue,	LLC	dated	July	23,	2009
	
S-1
	
333-164593
	
10.21
	
January	29,	2010
	
	
133Table	of	Contents
Exhibit
Number
		
Exhibit
Description
	
Incorporated	by	Reference
	
Filed
Herewith
		
	
Form
	
File	No.
	
Exhibit
	
Filing	Date
	
10.22
		
Commercial	Lease	between	the	Registrant	and	The
Board	of	Trustees	of	The	Leland	Stanford
Jr.	University	dated	August	6,	2009
	
S-1
	
333-164593
	
10.22
	
January	29,	2010
	
10.23​
		
Supply	Agreement	for	Products	and	Services	between
Lotus	Cars	Limited	and	the	Registrant	dated	July	11,
2005
	
S-1
	
333-164593
	
10.23
	
January	29,	2010
	
10.23A​
		
Amendment	No.	1	to	Supply	Agreement	between
Lotus	Cars	Limited	and	the	Registrant	dated	August	4,
2009
	
S-1
	
333-164593
	
10.23A
	
January	29,	2010
	
10.23B​
		
Amendment	No.	2	to	Supply	Agreement	between
Lotus	Cars	Limited	and	the	Registrant	dated	March
22,	2010
	
S-1/A
	
333-164593
	
10.23B
	
March	29,	2010
	
10.24​
		
Supply	Agreement	between	Eberspacher	(UK)	Ltd.
and	the	Registrant	dated	September	1,	2006
	
S-1/A
	
333-164593
	
10.24
	
March	29,	2010
	
10.25​
		
Supply	Agreement	between	Perei	Group	(UK)	Ltd.	and
the	Registrant	dated	September	1,	2006
	
S-1/A
	
333-164593
	
10.25
	
March	29,	2010
	
10.26​
		
Supply	Agreement	between	Burgaflex	(UK)	Ltd.	and
the	Registrant	dated	September	1,	2006
	
S-1/A
	
333-164593
	
10.26
	
March	29,	2010
	
10.27​
		
Supply	Agreement	by	and	among	Sanyo	Electric	Co.
Ltd.	Mobile	Energy	Company,	Sanyo	Energy	(USA)
Corporation	and	the	Registrant	dated	February	1,
2007
	
S-1
	
333-164593
	
10.27
	
January	29,	2010
	
10.27A​
		
Amendment	No.	1	to	Supply	Agreement	by	and	among
Sanyo	Electric	Co.	Ltd.	Mobile	Energy	Company	and
Sanyo	Energy	(USA)	Corporation	and	the	Registrant
effective	as	of	February	1,	2007
	
S-1
	
333-164593
	
10.27A
	
January	29,	2010
	
10.28​
		
Supply	Agreement	by	and	between	Taiway	Ltd.	and
the	Registrant	dated	February	12,	2007
	
S-1
	
333-164593
	
10.28
	
March	29,	2010
	
	
134Table	of	Contents
Exhibit
Number
		
Exhibit
Description
	
Incorporated	by	Reference
	
Filed
Herewith
		
	
Form
	
File	No.
	
Exhibit
	
Filing	Date
	
10.29​
		
Supply	Agreement	between	Chroma	ATE	Inc.	and	the
Registrant	dated	April	19,	2007
	
S-1/A
	
333-164593
	
10.29
	
March	29,	2010
	
10.30​
		
Supply	Agreement	between	Polytec	Holden	Ltd.	and
the	Registrant	dated	April	13,	2007
	
S-1/A
	
333-164593
	
10.30
	
March	29,	2010
	
10.31​
		
Modification	to	Terms	and	Conditions	between
BorgWarner	TorqTransfer	Systems	Inc.	and	the
Registrant	dated	September	22,	2008
	
S-1
	
333-164593
	
10.31
	
January	29,	2010
	
10.32​
		
ZEV	Credits	Agreement	between	American	Honda
Motor	Co.,	Inc.	and	the	Registrant	dated	February	12,
2009
	
S-1/A
	
333-164593
	
10.32
	
May	27,	2010
	
10.32A
		
Addendum	to	ZEV	Credits	Agreement	between
American	Honda	Motor	Co.,	Inc.	and	the	Registrant
dated	February	20,	2009
	
S-1/A
	
333-164593
	
10.32A
	
May	27,	2010
	
10.32B​
		
Supplemental	ZEV	Credits	Agreement	between
American	Honda	Motor	Co.,	Inc.	and	the	Registrant
dated	March	20,	2009
	
S-1/A
	
333-164593
	
10.32B
	
May	27,	2010
	
10.32C​
		
Second	Supplemental	ZEV	Credits	Agreement
between	American	Honda	Motor	Co.,	Inc.	and	the
Registrant	dated	February	8,	2010
	
S-1/A
	
333-164593
	
10.32C
	
May	27,	2010
	
10.33​
		
Supply	Agreement	by	and	among	Panasonic	Industrial
Company,	Panasonic	Corporation,	acting	through
Energy	Company,	and	the	Registrant	dated	July	21,
2009
	
S-1
	
333-164593
	
10.33
	
January	29,	2010
	
10.34​
		
Exclusivity	and	Intellectual	Property	Agreement
between	Daimler	North	America	Corporation	and	the
Registrant	dated	May	11,	2009
	
S-1/A
	
333-164593
	
10.34
	
March	29,	2010
	
10.35
		
Side	Agreement	between	the	Registrant	and	Blackstar
InvestCo	LLC	dated	May	11,	2009
	
S-1
	
333-164593
	
10.35
	
January	29,	2010
	
10.36
		
Letter	Agreement	between	the	Elon	Musk	Revocable
Trust	dated	July	22,	2003	and	Blackstar	InvestCo	LLC,
dated	May	11,	2009
	
S-1
	
333-164593
	
10.36
	
January	29,	2010
	
	
135Table	of	Contents
Exhibit
Number
		
Exhibit
Description
	
Incorporated	by	Reference
	
Filed
Herewith
		
	
Form
	
File	No.
	
Exhibit
	
Filing	Date
	
10.37
		
Loan	Arrangement	and	Reimbursement	Agreement
between	the	United	States	Department	of	Energy	and
the	Registrant	dated	as	of	January	20,	2010
	
S-1/A
	
333-164593
	
10.37
	
May	27,	2010
	
10.37A
		
First	Amendment	to	Loan	Arrangement	and
Reimbursement	Agreement	between	the	United	States
Department	of	Energy	and	the	Registrant	dated	as	of
June	15,	2011
	
10-K
	
001-34756
	
10.37A
	
February	27,	2012
	
10.37B
		
Limited	Waiver	to	the	Loan	Arrangement	and
Reimbursement	Agreement	between	the	United	States
Department	of	Energy	and	the	Registrant	dated	as	of
February	22,	2012
	
10-K
	
001-34756
	
10.37B
	
February	27,	2012
	
10.37C
		
Second	Amendment	to	the	Loan	Arrangement	and
Reimbursement	Agreement	between	the	United	States
Department	of	Energy	and	the	Registrant	dated	as	of
June	20,	2012
	
10-Q
	
001-34756
	
10.2
	
August	2,	2012
	
10.37D
		
Third	Amendment	to	the	Loan	Arrangement	and
Reimbursement	Agreement	between	the	United	States
Department	of	Energy	and	the	Registrant	dated	as	of
December	20,	2012
	
	
	
	
	
X
10.37E
		
Second	Limited	Waiver	to	the	Loan	Arrangement	and
Reimbursement	Agreement	between	the	United	States
Department	of	Energy	and	the	Registrant	dated	as	of
September	24,	2012
	
8-K
	
001-34756
	
10.1
	
September	25,	2012
	
10.37F
		
Fourth	Amendment	to	the	Loan	Arrangement	and
Reimbursement	Agreement	between	the	United	States
Department	of	Energy	and	the	Registrant	dated	as	of
March	1,	2013
	
	
	
	
	
X
10.38
		
Note	Purchase	Agreement	by	and	among	the	Federal
Financing	Bank,	the	Registrant	and	the	Secretary	of
Energy	dated	as	of	January	20,	2010
	
S-1/A
	
333-164593
	
10.38
	
May	27,	2010
	
	
136Table	of	Contents
Exhibit
Number
		
Exhibit
Description
	
Incorporated	by	Reference
	
Filed
Herewith
		
	
Form
	
File	No.
	
Exhibit
	
Filing	Date
	
10.39
		
Future	Advance	Promissory	Note	made	by	the
Registrant	in	favor	of	the	Federal	Financing	Bank	dated
as	of	January	20,	2010
	
S-1/A
	
333-164593
	
10.39
	
May	27,	2010
	
10.40
		
Future	Advance	Promissory	Note	made	by	the
Registrant	in	favor	of	the	Federal	Financing	Bank	dated
as	of	January	20,	2010
	
S-1/A
	
333-164593
	
10.40
	
May	27,	2010
	
10.41
		
Pledge	and	Security	Agreement	made	by	the	Registrant
and	the	Grantors	party	thereto	in	favor	of	Midland	Loan
Services,	Inc.	dated	as	of	January	20,	2010
	
S-1/A
	
333-164593
	
10.41
	
May	27,	2010
	
10.42
		
Guarantee	made	by	the	Guarantors	party	thereto	in
favor	of	the	United	States	Department	of	Energy,	the
Federal	Financing	Bank	and	the	holders	of	the	notes
described	therein	dated	as	of	January	20,	2010
	
S-1/A
	
333-164593
	
10.42
	
May	27,	2010
	
10.43​
		
Development	Contract	between	Daimler	AG	and	Tesla
Motors	Ltd.	dated	May	10,	2010
	
S-1/A
	
333-164593
	
10.43
	
May	27,	2010
	
10.44
		
Settlement	Agreement	between	the	Registrant	and
entities	affiliated	with	Valor	Equity	Partners	dated	May
20,	2010
	
S-1/A
	
333-164593
	
10.44
	
May	27,	2010
	
10.45
		
Letter	Agreement	between	the	Registrant	and	New
United	Motor	Manufacturing,	Inc.	dated	May	26,	2010
	
S-1/A
	
333-164593
	
10.45
	
May	27,	2010
	
10.45A
		
Amendment	No.	1	to	the	Letter	Agreement	between	the
Registrant	and	New	United	Motor	Manufacturing,	Inc.
dated	June	15,	2010
	
10-Q
	
001-34756
	
10.3
	
November	12,	2010
	
10.45B
		
Amendment	No.	2	to	the	Letter	Agreement	between	the
Registrant	and	New	United	Motor	Manufacturing,	Inc.
dated	October	1,	2010
	
10-Q
	
001-34756
	
10.4
	
November	12,	2010
	
10.45C
		
Amendment	No.	3	to	the	Letter	Agreement	between	the
Registrant	and	New	United	Motor	Manufacturing,	Inc.
dated	October	8,	2010
	
10-Q
	
001-34756
	
10.5
	
November	12,	2010
	
	
137Table	of	Contents
Exhibit
Number
		
Exhibit
Description
	
Incorporated	by	Reference
	
Filed
Herewith
		
	
Form
	
File	No.
	
Exhibit
	
Filing	Date
	
10.45D
		
Amendment	No.	4	to	the	Letter	Agreement	between
the	Registrant	and	New	United	Motor	Manufacturing,
Inc.	dated	October	13,	2010
	
10-Q
	
001-34756
	
10.6
	
November	12,	2010
	
10.45E
		
Amendment	No.	5	to	the	Letter	Agreement	between
the	Registrant	and	New	United	Motor	Manufacturing,
Inc.	dated	October	15,	2010
	
10-Q
	
001-34756
	
10.7
	
November	12,	2010
	
10.45F​
		
Amendment	No.	6	to	the	Letter	Agreement	between
the	Registrant	and	New	United	Motor	Manufacturing,
Inc.	dated	October	19,	2010
	
10-Q
	
001-34756
	
10.8
	
November	12,	2010
	
10.46
		
Sale	and	Purchase	Agreement	between	Registrant	and
New	United	Motor	Manufacturing,	Inc.,	dated
August	13,	2010
	
10-Q
	
001-34756
	
10.1
	
November	12,	2010
	
10.46A
		
Addendum	No.	1to	the	Sale	and	Purchase	Agreement
between	Registrant	and	New	United	Motor
Manufacturing,	Inc.,	dated	September	23,	2010
	
10-Q
	
001-34756
	
10.2
	
November	12,	2010
	
10.47​
		
Phase	1	Contract	Services	Agreement	between
Registrant	and	Toyota	Motor	Corporation	dated
October	6,	2010
	
10-K
	
001-34756
	
10.47
	
March	3,	2011
	
		10.48​
		
Amendment	No.3	to	Supply	Agreement	between	Lotus
Cars	Limited	and	the	Registrant	dated	June	13,	2011
	
10-Q
	
001-34756
	
10.1
	
August	12,	2011
	
		10.49​
		
Supply	and	Services	Agreement	between	Toyota
Motor	Engineering	&	Manufacturing	North	America,
Inc.	and	the	Registrant	dated	July	15,	2011
	
10-Q
	
001-34756
	
10.1
	
November	14,	2011
	
		10.50​
		
Supply	Agreement	between	Panasonic	Corporation
and	the	Registrant	dated	October	5,	2011
	
10-K
	
-001-34756
	
10.50
	
February	27,	2012
	
		23.1
		
Consent	of	PricewaterhouseCoopers,	Independent
Registered	Public	Accounting	Firm
	
​		
	
​		
	
​		
	
​		
	
X
	
138Table	of	Contents
Exhibit
Number
	
Exhibit
Description
	
Incorporated	by	Reference
	
Filed
Herewith
	
	
Form
	
File	No.
	
Exhibit
	
Filing	Date
	
		31.1
	
Rule	13a-14(a)	/	15(d)-14(a)	Certification	of	Principal
Executive	Officer
	
​		
	
​		
	
​		
	
​		
	
X
		31.2
	
Rule	13a-14(a)	/	15(d)-14(a)	Certification	of	Principal
Financial	Officer
	
​		
	
​		
	
​		
	
​		
	
X
		32.1*
	
Section	1350	Certifications
	
​		
	
​		
	
​		
	
​		
	
101.INS**
	
XBRL	Instance	Document
	
	
	
	
	
101.SCH**
	
XBRL	Taxonomy	Extension	Schema	Document
	
	
	
	
	
101.CAL**
	
XBRL	Taxonomy	Extension	Calculation	Linkbase
Document.
	
	
	
	
	
101.DEF**
	
XBRL	Taxonomy	Extension	Definition	Linkbase	Document
	
	
	
	
	
101.LAB**
	
XBRL	Taxonomy	Extension	Label	Linkbase	Document
	
	
	
	
	
101.PRE**
	
XBRL	Taxonomy	Extension	Presentation	Linkbase
Document
	
	
	
	
	
		*
Furnished	herewith
**
XBRL	(Extensible	Business	Reporting	Language)	information	is	furnished	and	not	filed	or	a	part	of	a	registration	statement	or	prospectus	for
purposes	of	sections	11	or	12	of	the	Securities	Act	of	1933,	is	deemed	not	filed	for	purposes	of	section	18	of	the	Securities	Exchange	Act	of	1934,
and	otherwise	is	not	subject	to	liability	under	these	sections.
		​
Confidential	treatment	has	been	requested	for	portions	of	this	exhibit
	
139Table	of	Contents
SIGNATURES
Pursuant	to	the	requirements	of	the	Securities	Exchange	Act	of	1934,	the	registrant	has	duly	caused	this	report	to	be	signed	on	its	behalf	by	the
undersigned,	thereunto	duly	authorized.
	
	
	
Tesla	Motors,	Inc.
Date:	March	7,	2013
	
/s/	Elon	Musk
	
Elon	Musk
Chief	Executive	Officer
(Principal	Executive	Officer)
Pursuant	to	the	requirements	of	the	Securities	Exchange	Act	of	1934,	this	report	has	been	signed	below	by	the	following	persons	on	behalf	of	the
registrant	and	in	the	capacities	and	on	the	dates	indicated.
	
Signature
		
Title
	
Date
/s/	Elon	Musk
				Elon	Musk
		
Chief	Executive	Officer	and	Director	(Principal
Executive	Officer)
	
March	7,	2013
/s/	Deepak	Ahuja
				Deepak	Ahuja
		
Chief	Financial	Officer	(Principal	Financial	Officer
and	Principal	Accounting	Officer)
	
March	7,	2013
/s/	Brad	Buss
				Brad	Buss
		
Director
	
March	7,	2013
/s/	Ira	Ehrenpreis
				Ira	Ehrenpreis
		
Director
	
March	7,	2013
/s/	Antonio	Gracias
				Antonio	Gracias
		
Director
	
March	7,	2013
/s/	Stephen	Jurvetson
				Stephen	Jurvetson
		
Director
	
March	7,	2013
/s/	Harald	Kroeger
				Harald	Kroeger
		
Director
	
March	7,	2013
/s/	Kimbal	Musk
				Kimbal	Musk
		
Director
	
March	7,	2013
	
140
Exhibit	10.37D
THIRD	AMENDMENT	TO	THE
LOAN	ARRANGEMENT	AND	REIMBURSEMENT	AGREEMENT
THIRD	AMENDMENT,	dated	as	of	December	20,	2012	(this	​
Amendment
​),	to	the	Loan	Arrangement	and	Reimbursement	Agreement,	dated	as	of
January	20,	2010	(as	amended	by	the	First	Amendment	to	the	Loan	Arrangement	and	Reimbursement	Agreement	dated	as	of	June	15,	2011,	the	Limited
Waiver	dated	as	of	February	22,	2012,	the	Second	Amendment	to	the	Loan	Arrangement	and	Reimbursement	Agreement	dated	as	of	June	20,	2012,	the
Second	Limited	Waiver	to	the	Loan	Arrangement	and	Reimbursement	Agreement	dated	as	of	September	24,	2012	and	as	further	amended,
supplemented	or	otherwise	modified	from	time	to	time	prior	to	the	date	hereof,	the	​
Arrangement	Agreement
​),	between	Tesla	Motors,	Inc.	(the
​
Borrower
​)	and	the	United	States	Department	of	Energy	(​
DOE
​).	Unless	otherwise	defined	herein,	terms	defined	in	the	Arrangement	Agreement	and
used	herein	shall	have	the	meanings	given	to	them	in	the	Arrangement	Agreement.
WHEREAS,	the	Borrower	has	requested	that	DOE	agree	to	certain	amendments	to	the	Arrangement	Agreement	in	connection	with	the	proposed
Daimler	Guaranty	(as	defined	below),	and	DOE	is	willing	to	agree	to	such	amendments	on	the	terms	and	conditions	hereinafter	set	forth;
NOW,	THEREFORE,	in	consideration	of	the	foregoing	and	for	other	good	and	valuable	consideration,	the	receipt	and	sufficiency	of	which	are
hereby	acknowledged,	the	parties	hereto	hereby	agree	as	follows:
SECTION	1.	
Amendments
.	Effective	as	of	the	Amendment	Effective	Date	(as	defined	below),	the	Arrangement	Agreement	is	hereby	amended	as
follows:
(a)	A	new	Section	8.2(e)	to	the	Arrangement	Agreement	is	hereby	added	which	shall	read	as	follows:
​(e)(i)	Within	five	(5)	Business	Days	of	the	receipt	by	the	Borrower	of	confirmation	from	Daimler	AG	of	the	completion	of	a	​milestone​	as
contemplated	under	Section	4.3	(or	any	successor	provision)	of	the	Daimler	Development	Agreement,	a	copy	of	such	confirmation	from	Daimler
AG;	and	(ii)	on	each	Quarterly	Reporting	Date,	beginning	in	February	2013,	a	cumulative	report	describing	each	such	completed	milestone	inreasonable	detail	and	including	an	update	on	amounts	paid	by	or	invoiced	to	Daimler	AG	with	respect	thereto.​
(b)	Section	9.4(f)	of	the	Arrangement	Agreement	is	hereby	amended	in	its	entirety	to	read	as	follows:
​(f)(i)	Investments	in	any	Foreign	Subsidiaries,	whether	or	not	a	Guarantor,	made	during	any	fiscal	year	commencing	2010	in	an	aggregate
amount	(including	any	loans	thereto	or	guarantees	of	the	obligations	thereof)	for	suchfiscal	year	not	to	exceed	$15,000,000	(excluding	any	Investments	contemplated	by	clause	(ii)	of	this	Section	9.4(f)),	and	(ii)	so	long	as	the
Intercompany	Service	Agreement	shall	have	been	fully	executed	and	delivered	(with	a	copy	thereof	delivered	to	DOE	together	with	an	original
executed	acknowledgement	of	collateral	assignment	to	DOE	in	the	form	attached	thereto)	and	remains	in	full	force	and	effect,	(x)	the	Daimler
Guaranty	and	(y)	capital	contributions	and/or	intercompany	advances	made	by	the	Borrower	to	Tesla	Motors	Ltd.	in	an	aggregate	amount	not	to
exceed	$1,000,000	to	the	extent	reasonably	necessary	to	allow	Tesla	Motors	Ltd.	to	perform	its	obligations	under	the	Daimler	Development
Agreement	(other	than	those	obligations	in	respect	of	the	Supply	Agreement	referred	to	therein);	
provided
	that	any	intercompany	billings
between	the	Borrower	and	Tesla	Motors	Ltd.	made	in	the	ordinary	course	of	business	in	connection	with	such	obligations	and	which	do	not
remain	outstanding	for	more	than	90	days	shall	not	be	included	in	the	calculation	of	such	$1,000,000	limit;​
(c)	A	new	Section	9.16(e)	to	the	Arrangement	Agreement	is	hereby	added	which	shall	read	as	follows:
​or	(e)	agree	to	any	amendment,	modification,	supplement	or	waiver	of	the	Daimler	Development	Agreement,	the	Daimler	Guaranty	or	the
Intercompany	Service	Agreement,	in	each	case	in	a	manner	that	is	materially	adverse	to	the	interests	of	the	Lender	Parties	without	the	consent	of
DOE	in	its	sole	discretion.​
(d)	Annex	A	to	the	Arrangement	Agreement	is	hereby	amended	to	add	the	following	definitions	in	their	proper	alphabetical	order:
​Daimler	Development	Agreement​	means	that	certain	Development	Agreement	for	​Project	Newton​	to	be	entered	into	between	Tesla	Motors
Ltd.	and	Daimler	AG	in	substantially	the	form	of	the	draft	thereof	dated	17	December	2012	and	provided	to	DOE,	with	such	changes	as	are	not
materially	adverse	to	the	interests	of	the	Lender	Parties	or	as	may	otherwise	be	agreed	by	DOE	in	its	sole	discretion.
​Daimler	Guaranty​	means	that	certain	guaranty	by	the	Borrower	of	the	obligations	of	Tesla	Motors	Ltd.	under	the	Daimler	Development
Agreement	(other	than	those	obligations	in	respect	of	the	Supply	Agreement	referred	to	therein)	in	substantially	the	form	of	Exhibit	A	to	the	Third
Amendment	to	this	Agreement,	with	such	changes	as	are	not	materially	adverse	to	the	interests	of	the	Lender	Parties	or	as	may	otherwise	be
agreed	by	DOE	in	its	sole	discretion.
​​
Intercompany	Service	Agreement
​	means	that	certain	Service	Agreement	dated	as	of	August	1,	2009	entered	into	between	Tesla	Motors	Ltd.
and	the	Borrower,	as	amended	by	Amendment	No.	1	to	Service	Agreement	dated	January	1,	2011	and	Amendment	No.	2	to	Service	Agreement
dated	on	or	about	the	date	of	the	Third	Amendment	to	this	Agreement,	as	it	relates	to	the	Daimler	Development	Agreement,	in	substantially	the
form	of	Exhibit	B	to	the	Third	Amendment	to	this	Agreement,	with	such	amendments	from	time	to	time	as	are	not	materially	adverse	to	the
interests	of	the	Lender	Parties	or	as	may	otherwise	be	agreed	by	DOE	in	its	sole	discretion.​
	
2SECTION	2.	
Representations	and	Warranties
.	Each	of	the	Obligors	hereby	represents	and	warrants	to	DOE	that:
(a)	As	of	the	Amendment	Effective	Date,	no	Default	or	Event	of	Default	has	occurred	and	is	continuing.
(b)	Each	of	the	representations	and	warranties	made	by	any	Obligor	in	or	pursuant	to	the	Transaction	Documents	(other	than	the	representations
and	warranties	contained	in	Article	8	of	the	Note	Purchase	Agreement)	is	true	and	correct	in	all	material	respects	on	and	as	of	the	Amendment	Effective
Date	as	if	made	on	and	as	of	the	Amendment	Effective	Date	(except	to	the	extent	such	representations	and	warranties	relate	to	an	earlier	date,	in	which
case,	such	representations	and	warranties	were	true	and	correct	in	all	material	respects	as	of	such	earlier	date).
(c)	Each	Obligor	has	all	requisite	power	and	authority	to	execute,	deliver,	perform	and	observe	its	obligations	under	this	Amendment	and	has	duly
executed	and	delivered	this	Amendment.	No	board,	stockholder	or	other	corporate	approvals	of	any	Obligor	are	required	for	this	Amendment.
SECTION	3.	
Effectiveness	of	this	Amendment
.	This	Amendment	shall	become	effective	on	the	date	(the	​
Amendment	Effective	Date
​)	when	DOE
(i)	shall	have	received	duly	executed	counterparts	hereof	that	bear	the	signatures	of	Borrower	and	any	other	Obligor	appearing	on	the	signature	page
hereof	(it	being	agreed	that	the	receipt	of	duly	executed	counterparts	delivered	by	facsimile	or	electronic	transmission	in	Electronic	Format	shall	be
sufficient	to	satisfy	the	requirements	of	this	clause	(i)),	and	(ii)	shall	have	executed	this	Amendment.
SECTION	4.	
Effect	of	Amendment
.
(a)	Except	as	expressly	set	forth	herein,	this	Amendment	shall	not	by	implication	or	otherwise	limit,	impair,	constitute	a	waiver	of	or	otherwise
affect	the	rights	and	remedies	of	DOE	under	the	Arrangement	Agreement	or	any	other	Loan	Document	and	shall	not	alter,	modify,	amend	or	in	any	way
affect	any	of	the	terms,	conditions,	obligations,	covenants	or	agreements	contained	in	the	Arrangement	Agreement	or	any	other	provision	of	the
Arrangement	Agreement	or	of	any	other	Loan	Document,	all	of	which	are	ratified	and	affirmed	in	all	respects	and	shall	continue	in	full	force	and	effect.
Nothing	herein	shall	be	deemed	to	entitle	the	Borrower	or	any	other	Obligor	to	a	consent	to,	or	a	waiver,	amendment,	modification	or	other	change	of,
any	of	the	terms,	conditions,	obligations,	covenants	or	agreements	contained	in	the	Arrangement	Agreement	or	any	other	Loan	Document	in	similar	or
different	circumstances.
(b)	On	and	after	the	Amendment	Effective	Date,	each	reference	in	the	Arrangement	Agreement	to	​this	Agreement​,	​hereunder​,	​hereof​,	​herein​,	or
words	of	like	import,	and	each	reference	to	the	​Arrangement	Agreement​	in	any	other	Loan
	
3Document	shall	be	deemed	a	reference	to	the	Arrangement	Agreement	as	modified	hereby.	This	Amendment	shall	be	deemed	an	amendment	to	the
Arrangement	Agreement	pursuant	to	Section	12.1	of	the	Arrangement	Agreement	and	constitute	a	​Loan	Document​	for	all	purposes	of	the	Arrangement
Agreement	and	the	other	Loan	Documents.
SECTION	5.	
Consent	and	Reaffirmation
.	(a)	Each	Guarantor	hereby	consents	to	this	Amendment	and	the	transactions	contemplated	hereby,
(b)	each	of	Borrower	and	the	Guarantors	agrees	that,	notwithstanding	the	effectiveness	of	this	Amendment,	the	Guarantee,	the	Security	Agreement	and
each	of	the	other	Loan	Documents	continue	to	be	in	full	force	and	effect,	(c)	each	Guarantor	confirms	its	guarantee	of	the	Guaranteed	Obligations	(as
defined	in	the	Guarantee	and	which	definition,	for	clarity,	incorporates	by	reference	all	Note	P	Obligations	and	all	Note	S	Obligations	under	the
Arrangement	Agreement	as	modified	hereby),	and	each	of	Borrower	and	the	Guarantors	confirms	its	grant	of	a	security	interest	in	its	assets	as
Collateral	for	the	Secured	Obligations,	all	as	provided	in	the	Loan	Documents,	and	(d)	each	of	Borrower	and	the	Guarantors	acknowledges	that	such
guarantee	and/or	grant	continues	in	full	force	and	effect	in	respect	of,	and	to	secure,	the	Secured	Obligations.
SECTION	6.	
Governing	Law
.	THIS	AMENDMENT,	AND	THE	RIGHTS	AND	OBLIGATIONS	OF	THE	PARTIES	HEREUNDER,	SHALL	BE
GOVERNED	BY,	AND	CONSTRUED	AND	INTERPRETED	IN	ACCORDANCE	WITH,	FEDERAL	LAW	AND	NOT	THE	LAW	OF	ANY	STATE	OR	LOCALITY.
TO	THE	EXTENT	THAT	A	COURT	LOOKS	TO	THE	LAWS	OF	ANY	STATE	TO	DETERMINE	OR	DEFINE	THE	FEDERAL	LAW,	IT	IS	THE	INTENTION	OF
THE	PARTIES	HERETO	THAT	SUCH	COURT	SHALL	LOOK	ONLY	TO	THE	LAWS	OF	THE	STATE	OF	NEW	YORK	WITHOUT	REGARD	TO	THE	RULES
OF	CONFLICTS	OF	LAWS.
SECTION	7.	
Counterparts
.	This	Amendment	may	be	executed	in	counterparts	of	the	parties	hereof,	and	each	such	counterpart	shall	be	considered
an	original	and	all	such	counterparts	shall	constitute	one	and	the	same	instrument.	The	parties	may	deliver	such	counterparts	by	facsimile	or	electronic
transmission	in	Electronic	Format.	Each	party	hereto	agrees	to	deliver	a	manually	executed	original	promptly	following	such	facsimile	or	electronic
transmission.
SECTION	8.	
Headings
.	Paragraph	headings	have	been	inserted	in	this	Amendment	as	a	matter	of	convenience	for	reference	only	and	it	is	agreed
that	such	paragraph	headings	are	not	a	part	of	this	Amendment	and	shall	not	be	used	in	the	interpretation	of	any	provision	of	this	Amendment.
[
Remainder	of	page	intentionally	blank
]
	
4IN	WITNESS	WHEREOF,	the	parties	hereto	have	executed	this	Amendment	as	of	the	day	and	year	first	above	mentioned.
	
	
	
	
UNITED	STATES	DEPARTMENT	OF	ENERGY
	
	
By:
	
/s/	Frances	Nwachuku
	
	
	
Name:	Frances	Nwachuku
	
	
	
Title:	Director,	Portfolio	Management	Division
	
[Signature	Page	to	Third	Amendment]	
	
TESLA	MOTORS,	INC.
	
	
By:
	
/s/	Deepak	Ahuja
	
	
	
Name:	Deepak	Ahuja
	
	
	
Title:	Chief	Financial	Officer
	
	
TESLA	MOTORS	NEW	YORK	LLC
	
	
By:
	
Tesla	Motors,	Inc.,	its	sole	member
	
	
By:
	
/s/	Deepak	Ahuja
	
	
	
Name:	Deepak	Ahuja
	
	
	
Title:	Chief	Financial	Officer
	
	
TESLA	MOTORS	LEASING,	INC.
	
	
By:
	
/s/	Deepak	Ahuja
	
	
	
Name:	Deepak	Ahuja
	
	
	
Title:	Chief	Financial	Officer
	
	
TESLA	MOTORS	MA,	INC.
	
	
By:
	
/s/	Deepak	Ahuja
	
	
	
Name:	Deepak	Ahuja
	
	
	
Title:	President
	
	
TESLA	MOTORS	PA,	INC.
	
	
By:
	
/s/	Deepak	Ahuja
	
	
	
Name:	Deepak	Ahuja
	
	
	
Title:	President
	
	
TESLA	MOTORS	TX,	INC.
	
	
By:
	
/s/	Deepak	Ahuja
	
	
	
Name:	Deepak	Ahuja
	
	
	
Title:	President
	
	
NORTHERN	NEVADA	RESEARCH	CO.,	LLC
	
	
By:
	
/s/	Deepak	Ahuja
	
	
	
Name:	Deepak	Ahuja
Title:	Chief	Financial	Officer
	
[Signature	Page	to	Third	Amendment]EXHIBIT	A
Form	of	Daimler	Guaranty
	
	
[Date]
Daimler	AG
Mercedesstraße	137
70327	Stuttgart
Deutschland
	
Attention:
Mr.	Klaus-Peter	Borsch	
Mr.	Jürgen	Schenk
Gentlemen:
We	refer	to	the	agreement	regarding	Project	Newton	(as	defined	therein)	between	Daimler	AG	(hereinafter	​Daimler​)	and	our	subsidiary	Tesla	Motors
Limited	(hereinafter	​Tesla	UK​)	which	was	signed	on	May	8th,	2012.
In	the	course	of	said	Project	Newton,	the	necessary	development	agreement	(hereinafter	​Development	Agreement​)	is	planned	to	be	agreed	between
Daimler	and	our	subsidiary	Tesla	UK.
Tesla	UK	is	a	directly	owned	100%	subsidiary	of	our	company	and	therefore,	we	have	a	strong	interest	in	the	conclusion	of	the	intended	Development
Agreement	within	Project	Newton	as	our	company	will	strongly	benefit	from	this	new	business.
We	understand	that	you	seek	certain	assurances	from	us	with	respect	to	the	contractual	obligations	and	other	obligations	of	Tesla	UK	in	respect	of	the
Development	Agreement,	subject	to	the	relevant	terms	and	conditions	of	the	Development	Agreement	(the	​Obligations​).
In	light	of	the	benefits	mentioned	above	for	our	company	and	in	consideration	of	Daimler	entering	into	the	Development	Agreement	with	Tesla	UK,	we,
Tesla	Motors	Inc.,	Deer	Creek	Road,	Palo	Alto,	CA,	USA	(hereinafter	​Guarantor​)	hereby	unconditionally	and	irrevocably	guarantee	as	follows:
	
1.
The	Guarantor	hereby	guarantees	the	full	and	complete	performance	of	the	Obligations	of	Tesla	UK.
	
2.
The	Guarantor	hereby	agrees	with	Daimler	and	covenants	to	Daimler	that	in	the	event	of	a	default,	which	is	not	promptly	remediated	in
accordance	with	the	Obligations,	by	Tesla	UK	in	the	performance	of	the	Obligations	when	due,	the	Guarantor	shall	cause	the	performance	of	such
Obligations	by	Tesla	UK.	Upon	the	occurrence	of	a	default	and	Guarantor	being	notified	of	the	same,	the	Guarantor	herewith	assumes	the
obligation	to	procure	that	Tesla	UK	or	its	legal	successor	is	and	will	in	future	be	able	to	fulfill	all	of	its	Obligations	out	of	and	in	connection	with
Project	Newton	towards	Daimler	from	time	to	time	and	at	any	time.	In	particular,	the	Guarantor	undertakes	to	take	all	steps	within	its	control	as	a
shareholder	or	in	any	other	capacity	to	cause	Tesla	UK	to	comply	with	any	and	all	Obligations,	including,	without	limitation,	by	exercising	all
voting	and	other	rights	and	powers	vested	in	or	available	to	the	Guarantor	in	respect	of	Tesla	UK.
TESLA	MOTORS,	INC
						3500	Deer	Creek	Rd,	Palo	Alto,	CA	94304						p	650.681.5000						f	650.681.5200
	Pg.	2
	
3.
With	respect	to	the	Development	Agreement,	the	Guarantor	covenants	that	Tesla	UK​s	ability	to	meet	its	Obligations	in	due	time	will	not	be
hindered	by	lack	of	capital	or	liquidity.
	
4.
By	way	of	debt	acknowledgment	(​abstraktes	Schuldversprechen​	pursuant	to	sec.	780	German	Civil	Code),	the	Guarantor	undertakes	the	liability
for	any	damages	incurred	and	caused	by	Tesla	UK​s	failure	to	comply	with	its	Obligations,	that	Tesla	UK	would	be	responsible	for	under	the
Agreements,	and,	irrespective	of	whether	Daimler	has	claimed	any	damages	from	Tesla	UK	before	or	has	taken	any	legal	action	against	Tesla	UK.
	
5.
In	the	event	that	the	Guarantor	breaches	this	guarantee,	the	Guarantor	hereby	agrees	to	pay	to	Daimler	such	actual	damages	incurred	by
Daimler,	to	which	Daimler	would	be	entitled	under	the	Development	Agreement	with	regard	to	Tesla	UK.
	
6.
The	Guarantor	undertakes	to	defend,	hold	harmless,	and	indemnify	Daimler	against	any	and	all	claims	whatsoever,	liabilities,	loss,	damage,	costs,
fees	or	expenses	(including	reasonable	attorneys​	fees	and	court	costs)	which	Daimler	may	incur,	suffer	or	be	put	to	arising	out	of	any	act,
negligence,	or	omission	or	default	by	Tesla	UK,	but	only	to	the	extent	that	Tesla	UK	would	be	so	obligated	pursuant	to	the	Obligations.
	
7.
The	obligations	of	the	Guarantor	hereunder	are	(i)	the	primary	obligations	of	the	Guarantor,	(ii)	an	absolute,	unconditional,	continuing	and
irrevocable	guarantee	of	the	Obligations	of	the	Guarantor	hereunder	and	not	of	collectability,	and	(iii)	in	no	way	conditioned	on	or	contingent
upon	any	attempt	to	enforce	in	whole	or	in	part	Tesla	UK​s	or	any	other	person	or	entity​s	liabilities	and	obligations	to	Daimler.	For	the	avoidance
of	doubt,	Daimler	is	not	obliged	to	claim	any	damages	from	or	to	take	any	legal	action	against	Tesla	UK	before	claiming	payment	from	or	taking
legal	action	against	the	Guarantor.
	
8.
The	Guarantor	hereby	unconditionally:	(i)	waives	notice	of	acceptance	hereof,	of	any	action	taken	or	omitted	in	reliance	hereon	and	of	any
defaults	by	Tesla	UK	in	the	payment	or	performance	of	the	Obligations,	diligence,	protest,	presentment,	filing	of	claims	with	a	court	in	the	event
of	the	bankruptcy	of	Tesla	UK,	any	right	to	require	a	proceeding	first	against	Tesla	UK	or	that	Tesla	UK	or	the	Guarantor	be	joined	in	any
proceeding,	or	any	notice	of	default	with	respect	to	the	Obligations,	or	any	other	act	or	omission	or	thing	or	delay	to	do	any	other	act	or	thing
which	might	in	any	manner	or	to	any	extent	vary	the	risk	of	the	Guarantor	or	which	might	otherwise	operate	as	a	discharge	of	the	Guarantor;
(ii)	waives	any	defense	or	objection	to	Daimler​s	claims	against	the	Guarantor	on	the	ground	that	Daimler	does	not	claim	or	has	not	claimed
beforehand	any	damages	from	Tesla	UK;	and	(iii)	waives	any	defenses	available	to	a	surety	under	law	and	all	other	legally	waivable	notices,
defenses	and	other	benefits	to	which	the	Guarantor	might	otherwise	be	entitled	in	its	position	as	a	guarantor,	but	does	not	apply	to	contractual
defenses	of	Tesla	UK	under	the	Development	Agreement.
	
9.
Neither	the	obligations	of	the	Guarantor	contained	in	this	guarantee	nor	the	rights,	powers,	and	remedies	conferred	upon	Daimler	by	this
guarantee	or	by	law	shall	be	discharged,	impaired,	or	otherwise	affected	by:Pg.	3
	
	
(a)
the	dissolution	of	Tesla	UK;
	
	
(b)
the	commencement	of	any	voluntary	or	involuntary	case,	administration,	or	other	proceedings	seeking	liquidation,	reorganization,
dissolution	or	winding-up,	or	other	relief	under	any	bankruptcy,	insolvency,	reorganization,	liquidation,	moratorium,	winding-up,
composition	or	readjustment	of	debts,	or	other	similar	law	in	respect	of	the	Guarantor	or	Tesla	UK;
	
	
(c)
any	neglect	by	Daimler	in	enforcing	any	right	of	action	or	remedy	afforded	under	the	Agreements,	unless	barred	by	the	applicable	statute	of
limitations;
	
	
(d)
the	termination	of	any	of	the	Development	Agreement,	to	the	extent	the	Obligations	survived	such	termination;
	
	
(e)
any	act	or	omission	of	Tesla	UK	pursuant	to	any	other	arrangement	with	the	Guarantor,	any	change	in	the	relationship	between	the
Guarantor	and	Tesla	UK	or	dispute	or	disagreement	between	them	under	or	in	relation	to	any	agreement	providing	for	any	of	the
Obligations	or	otherwise;	or
	
	
(f)
any	other	act,	event,	or	omission	which	might	operate	to	discharge,	impair,	or	otherwise	affect	any	of	the	obligations	of	the	Guarantor
under	this	guarantee	or	any	of	the	rights,	powers,	and	remedies	conferred	upon	Daimler	by	this	guarantee	or	by	law.
	
10.
This	guarantee	shall	also	apply	regarding	any	Obligation	according	to	any	subsequent	amendment,	extension,	restatement	or	replacement	of	the
Development	Agreement.
	
11.
If	at	any	time	any	provision	of	this	guarantee	is	or	becomes	illegal,	invalid	or	unenforceable	in	any	respect	or	this	guarantee	is	or	becomes
ineffective	in	any	respect,	such	illegality,	invalidity,	unenforceability,	or	ineffectiveness	shall	not	affect:	(a)	the	legality,	validity,	or	enforceability
of	the	remaining	provisions	of	this	guarantee	or	the	effectiveness	in	any	other	respect	of	this	guarantee.	The	parties	will	replace	any	illegal,
invalid	or	unenforceable	provision	with	retroactive	effect	by	a	provision	that	approximates	as	closely	to	the	original	aim	and	purpose.	The
aforesaid	shall	apply	mutatis	mutandis	to	omissions	jointly	recognized	as	unintentional.
	
12.
No	rights	or	obligations	under	this	guarantee	may	be	assigned,	transferred,	or	otherwise	disposed	of	(including	held	or	declared	into	trust)	by	the
Guarantor	without	first	seeking	and	obtaining	the	prior	written	consent	of	Daimler.
	
13.
This	guarantee	shall	be	exclusively	governed	by,	and	construed	in	accordance	with	the	laws	of	the	Federal	Republic	of	Germany	without	regard	to
principles	of	conflicts	of	laws.	All	disputes	arising	out	of	or	in	connection	with	this	guarantee	or	its	validity	shall	be	finally	settled	in	accordance
with	the	Arbitration	Rules	of	the	German	Institution	of	Arbitration	(DIS)	without	recourse	to	the	ordinary	courts	of	law.	The	number	of	arbitrators
shall	be	three.	The	place	of	arbitration	shall	be	Frankfurt	(Main),	Germany.	The	language	to	be	used	in	the	arbitral	proceedings	shall	be	English.Pg.	4
	
14.
This	guarantee	shall	terminate	and	shall	automatically	become	null	and	void	upon	the	complete	performance	and/or	satisfaction	of	the
Obligations.
	
15.
This	guarantee	may	be	executed	in	any	number	of	counterparts	and	by	the	parties	on	separate	counterparts,	each	of	which	when	executed	and
delivered	shall	be	an	original	but	all	the	counterparts	together	constitute	one	instrument.
Annex	1
:	Development	Agreement	(copy	without	Annexes)
Very	truly	yours,
Tesla	Motors,	Inc.
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Address:
3500	Deer	Creek	Road
Palo	Alto,	California,	94304
USA
Accepted:
Daimler	AG
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Address:
Mercedesstraße	137
70327	Stuttgart
GermanyEXHIBIT	B
Form	of	Intercompany	Service	Agreement
	
AMENDMENT	NO.	2	TO
SERVICE	AGREEMENT
This	Amendment	No.	2	to	Service	Agreement	(this	​Amendment​)	is	made	and	entered	into	as	of	December					,	2012	(the	​Amendment	Effective
Date​)	by	and	between	Tesla	Motors,	Inc.,	a	corporation	incorporated	under	the	laws	of	Delaware	(​TESLA	US​),	and	Tesla	Motors	Limited,	a	corporation
incorporated	under	the	laws	of	the	United	Kingdom	(​TESLA	UK​).
RECITALS
WHEREAS,	TESLA	US	and	TESLA	UK	are	parties	to	that	certain	Service	Agreement	effective	as	of	August	1,	2009,	as	amended	by	that	certain
Amendment	No.	1	on	January	1,	2011	(the	​Agreement​).
WHEREAS,	TESLA	UK	and	Daimler	AG	(​Daimler​)	have	entered	into	that	certain	
Development	Agreement	​Project	Newton​
,	effective	as	of
December					,	2012	(the	​Development	Agreement​),	pursuant	to	which	TESLA	UK	shall	provide	certain	services	to	Daimler	(the	​Daimler	Services​);
WHEREAS,	TESLA	UK	is	providing	Daimler	Services	to	Daimler	on	behalf	of	TESLA	US;
WHEREAS,	TESLA	US	may	also	perform	services	pursuant	to	the	Development	Agreement;	and
WHEREAS,	TESLA	US	and	TESLA	UK	wish	to	amend	the	Agreement	as	set	forth	herein.	Any	capitalized	terms	not	otherwise	defined	herein	shall
have	the	meanings	ascribed	to	such	terms	in	the	Agreement.
NOW,	THEREFORE,	in	consideration	of	the	mutual	covenants	and	agreements	set	forth	below,	the	Parties	hereby	agree	as	follows:
AMENDMENT
SECTION	1.	Effective	as	of	the	Amendment	Effective	Date,	the	Agreement	is	hereby	amended	as	follows:
(a)	ARTICLE	1	to	the	Agreement	is	hereby	amended	to	add	the	following	definitions	in	their	proper	alphabetical	order,	with	existing	Sections
being	renumbered	accordingly,	including	any	references	thereto:
​
Section	1.3.
	
Grantee
.	​Grantee​	shall	mean	a	Party	receiving	a	license	or	ownership	right	to	Intangible	Property	under	this	Agreement.
Section	1.4.
	
Grantor
.	​Grantor​	shall	mean	a	Party	granting	a	license	or	assigning	an	ownership	right	to	Intangible	Property	under	this	Agreement.​
	
1(b)	A	new	ARTICLE	IV	to	the	Agreement	is	hereby	inserted	as	follows,	with	existing	Articles	and	Sections	being	renumbered	accordingly,
including	any	references	thereto:
​
ARTICLE	IV	DAIMLER	RELATED	INTANGIBLE	PROPERTY
Section	4.1.
	
General	Assignment	of	Daimler	Related	Intangible	Property
.	TESLA	UK	is	acting	as	a	service	provider	for	TESLA	US	in	entering	into
the	Development	Agreement	and	performing	services	on	behalf	of	TESLA	US	under	the	Development	Agreement.	As	a	result,	any	Intangible
Property	developed	or	acquired	under	the	Development	Agreement	shall	be	owned	by	TESLA	US.	Therefore	TESLA	UK	hereby	irrevocably	assigns
fully	to	TESLA	US	any	and	all	Intangible	Property	that	it	may	own,	create	or	acquire	pursuant	to	that	certain	
Development	Agreement	​Project
Newton​
,	effective	as	of	December					,	2012,	by	and	between	TESLA	UK	and	Daimler	AG	(the	​Development	Agreement​).
Section	4.2.	
In	connection	with	Section	4.1,	TESLA	UK	will	promptly	disclose	and	deliver	to	TESLA	US	any	Intangible	Property	created	or
developed	by	TESLA	UK	in	connection	with	the	performance	of	the	services	under	the	Development	Agreement	or	this	Agreement	upon	their
creation	or	development,	and	shall	provide	reasonable	assistance	and	cooperation	to	TESLA	US,	without	any	additional	compensation,	to	acquire,
transfer,	maintain,	perfect	and	enforce	such	Intangible	Property	as	may	reasonably	be	requested	by	TESLA	US.	Prior	to	the	completion	of	the
Services,	TESLA	UK	shall	upon	TESLA	US​s	request,	deliver	to	TESLA	US	all	Intangible	Property	created	or	developed	by	TESLA	UK	in	connection
with	the	performance	of	services	under	the	Development	Agreement	as	of	the	date	of	TESLA	US​s	request.	TESLA	UK	shall,	at	its	own	expense,
execute	any	and	all	documents	and	legal	instruments	as	may	be	requested	by	TESLA	US	from	time	to	time	to	carry	out	the	terms	of	Sections	4.1
and	4.2.
Section	4.3.
	
License	of	Certain	Intangible	Property	to	TESLA	UK
.	In	order	for	TESLA	UK	to	perform	services	under	the	Development	Agreement
and	to	enter	into	the	Development	Agreement,	TESLA	US	hereby	grants	and	agrees	to	grant	to	TESLA	UK	a	non-exclusive,	irrevocable,	royalty-
free,	fully	paid-up,	worldwide,	perpetual	right	and	license,	with	no	right	to	sublicense	(except	as	required	by	the	Development	Agreement),	under
the	Intangible	Property	that	(i)	is	controlled	by	TESLA	US,	and	(ii)	is	used,	held	for	use,	or	contemplated	to	be	used	by	TESLA	UK	solely	in
connection	with	its	obligations	under	the	Development	Agreement	(​TESLA	US	Intangible	Property​):	(A)	to	allow	employees,	directors	and	officers
of	TESLA	UK	to	use	and	practice	TESLA	US	Intangible	Property	within	the	scope	of	the	Development	Agreement	solely	for	internal	purposes,
(B)	to	make,	have	made,	use,	sell,	offer	to	sell,	have	sold,	import,	and	otherwise	provide,	commercialize	and	legally	dispose	of	products	and
services	under	such	TESLA	US	Intangible	Property	within	the	scope	of	the	Development	Agreement,	and	(C)	to	use,	practice,	copy,	perform,
display,	render,	develop,	and	create	derivative	works	from	such	TESLA	US	Intangible	Property	within	the	scope	of	the	Development	Agreement.
Section	4.4.
	
Sublicense	of	Restricted	Daimler	Related	Intangible	Property	to	TESLA	US
.	To	the	extent	TESLA	UK	is	restricted	from	assigning	any
Intangible	Property	in	accordance	with	Section	4.1	above	(the	​Restricted	IP​),	TESLA	UK	hereby	grants	and	agrees	to	grant	to	TESLA	US	a	non-
exclusive,	irrevocable,	royalty-free,	fully	paid-up	worldwide,	sublicensable,	perpetual
	
2right	and	license	to	such	Restricted	IP:	(i)	to	allow	employees,	contractors,	agents,	directors	and	officers	of	TESLA	US	to	use	and	practice	the
Restricted	IP,	(ii)	to	make,	have	made,	use,	sell,	offer	to	sell,	have	sold,	import,	and	otherwise	provide,	commercialize	and	legally	dispose	of
products	and	services	under	the	Restricted	IP,	and	(iii)	to	use,	practice,	copy,	perform,	display,	render,	develop,	and	create	derivative	works	from
the	Restricted	IP.
Section	4.5.
	
Third	Party	Licenses
.	To	the	extent	that	any	Intangible	Property	owned	by	a	third	party	is	assigned	or	licensed	under	Sections	4.1,
4.3	or	4.4	herein,	the	license	of	such	Intangible	Property	hereunder	shall	be	subject	to	all	of	the	terms	and	conditions	of	the	relevant	agreement
between	the	Grantor	and	such	third	party	pursuant	to	which	such	Intangible	Property	has	been	licensed	to	the	Grantor	(each,	a	​Third	Party
License​);	provided,	however,	that	the	Grantee	shall	have	the	right	to	reject	any	such	Third	Party	License	upon	written	notice	to	the	Grantor	within
thirty	(30)	days	after	becoming	so	aware	of	the	terms	and	conditions	of	such	Third	Party	License,	and,	upon	any	such	rejection,	the	license	of	such
third	party	rights	to	the	Grantee	hereunder	shall	be	null	and	void,	
ab	initio
,	and	in	no	event	shall	the	Grantee	be	deemed	to	be	bound	at	any	point
in	time	by	the	terms	and	conditions	of	such	rejected	Third	Party	License.
Section	4.6.
	
Section	365(n)	of	the	Bankruptcy	Code
.	All	rights	and	licenses	granted	under	this	Agreement,	are	and	shall	otherwise	be	deemed	to
be,	for	purposes	of	Section	365(n)	of	the	United	States	Bankruptcy	Code	(the	​Bankruptcy	Code​),	licenses	of	rights	to	​intellectual	property​	as
defined	under	Section	101(35A)	of	the	Bankruptcy	Code.	The	parties	shall	retain	and	may	fully	exercise	all	of	their	respective	rights	and	elections
under	the	Bankruptcy	Code.
Section	4.7.
	
Reservation	of	Rights
.	All	rights	not	expressly	granted	by	a	Party	hereunder	are	reserved	by	such	Party.	Without	limiting	the
generality	of	the	foregoing,	the	Parties	expressly	acknowledge	that	nothing	contained	herein	shall	be	construed	or	interpreted	as	an	assignment
or	grant,	by	implication	or	otherwise,	of	any	Intangible	Property	or	licenses	other	than	the	Intangible	Property	and	licenses	expressly	set	forth	in
this	ARTICLE	IV.	Subject	to	Section	4.4,	the	Grantee	hereby	acknowledges	that	the	Grantor	is	only	assigning	and	licensing	the	rights	that	it	has
(and	subject	to	any	and	all	restrictions	and	limitations	with	respect	to	the	scope	and	extent	of	such	rights)	in	and	to	the	applicable	Intangible
Property,	and	nothing	in	this	Agreement	shall	be	construed	as	granting	to	the	Grantee	any	greater	rights	in	or	to	such	Intangible	Property
hereunder.
Section	4.8.
	
Further	Assurances
.	TESLA	UK	agrees	to	assist	TESLA	US,	or	its	designee,	in	every	proper	way	to	secure	TESLA	US​s	rights	in	any
Intangible	Property	in	all	countries,	including	the	disclosure	to	TESLA	US	of	all	pertinent	information	and	data	with	respect	thereto,	the	execution
of	all	applications,	specifications,	oaths,	assignments	and	all	other	instruments	that	TESLA	UK	may	deem	necessary	in	order	to	apply	for,	register,
obtain,	maintain,	defend,	and	enforce	such	rights,	and	in	order	to	deliver,	assign	and	convey	to	TESLA	US,	its	successors,	assigns	and	nominees
the	sole	and	exclusive	right,	title	and	interest	in	and	to	all	Intangible	Property	and	testifying	in	a	suit	or	other	proceeding	relating	to	such
Intangible	Property.	TESLA	UK	further	agrees	that	TESLA	UK​s	obligations	under	this	Section	4.4	shall	continue	after	the	termination	of	this
Agreement.​
	
3(c)	A	new	Section	9.16	to	the	Miscellaneous	Provisions	of	the	Agreement	is	hereby	inserted	as	follows:
​
Section	9.16
.	
Acknowledgement	of	Collateral	Assignment.	
TESLA	US	has	granted	a	security	interest	in	all	of	its	rights	under	this	Agreement	to
the	United	States	Department	of	Energy	(​DOE​)	(or	a	collateral	agent	for	the	benefit	of	DOE	and	certain	other	secured	parties)	to	secure	TESLA
USA​s	obligations	to	DOE	and	such	other	secured	parties.	If	a	default	in	such	obligations	or	under	the	related	documentation	occurs	and	is
continuing,	DOE	(or	such	collateral	agent,	as	applicable)	shall	be	entitled	to	enforce	the	rights	of	TESLA	US	against	TESLA	UK	under	this
Agreement	and	to	further	assign	such	rights	upon	the	foreclosure	of	such	security	interest	or	an	assignment	in	lieu	of	foreclosure	thereof,	all
without	further	consent	of	TESLA	UK.​
SECTION	2.	
Effect	of	Amendment
.	Except	as	expressly	set	forth	herein,	this	Amendment	shall	not	by	implication	or	otherwise	alter,	modify,	amend	or	in
any	way	affect	any	of	the	terms,	conditions,	obligations,	covenants	or	agreements	contained	in	the	Agreement,	all	of	which	shall	continue	in	full	force
and	effect.
SECTION	3.	
Applicable	Law
.	This	Amendment	shall	be	governed	by	and	construed	in	accordance	with	the	laws	of	the	state	of	Massachusetts,	United
States.
SECTION	4.	
Counterparts
.	This	Amendment	may	be	executed	in	multiple	copies,	including	by	facsimile	or	electronic	transmission,	each	of	which	shall
for	all	purposes	constitute	an	agreement,	binding	on	the	Parties,	and	each	Party	covenants	and	agrees	to	execute	all	duplicates	or	replacement
counterparts	of	this	Amendment	as	may	be	required.
SECTION	5.	
Captions
.	Titles	or	captions	of	articles	and	paragraphs	contained	in	this	Amendment	are	inserted	only	as	a	matter	of	convenience	and	for
reference,	and	in	no	way	define,	limit,	extend,	or	describe	the	scope	of	this	Agreement	or	the	intent	of	any	provision	hereof.
	
4IN	WITNESS	WHEREOF,	the	Parties	have	caused	this	Amendment	to	be	executed	on	the	Amendment	Effective	Date	by	their	duly	authorized
officers	or	directors.
	
TESLA	MOTORS,	INC.
By:
	
	
Name:
	
	
Title:
	
	
TESLA	MOTORS	LIMITED
By:
	
	
Name:
	
	
Title:
	
	
	
5
Exhibit	10.37F
FOURTH	AMENDMENT	TO	THE
LOAN	ARRANGEMENT	AND	REIMBURSEMENT	AGREEMENT
FOURTH	AMENDMENT,	dated	as	of	March	1,	2013	(this	​
Amendment
​),	to	the	Loan	Arrangement	and	Reimbursement	Agreement,	dated	as	of
January	20,	2010	(as	amended	by	the	First	Amendment	to	the	Loan	Arrangement	and	Reimbursement	Agreement	dated	as	of	June	15,	2011,	the	Limited
Waiver	dated	as	of	February	22,	2012,	the	Second	Amendment	to	the	Loan	Arrangement	and	Reimbursement	Agreement	dated	as	of	June	20,	2012,	the
Second	Limited	Waiver	to	the	Loan	Arrangement	and	Reimbursement	Agreement	dated	as	of	September	24,	2012,	the	Third	Amendment	to	the	Loan
Reimbursement	Agreement	dated	December	20,	2012	and	as	further	amended,	supplemented	or	otherwise	modified	from	time	to	time	prior	to	the	date
hereof,	the	​
Arrangement	Agreement
​),	between	Tesla	Motors,	Inc.	(the	​
Borrower
​)	and	the	United	States	Department	of	Energy	(​
DOE
​).	Unless
otherwise	defined	herein,	terms	defined	in	the	Arrangement	Agreement	and	used	herein	shall	have	the	meanings	given	to	them	in	the	Arrangement
Agreement.
WHEREAS,	the	Borrower	has	requested	that	DOE	agree	to	certain	amendments	to	the	Arrangement	Agreement,	and	DOE	is	willing	to	agree	to
such	amendments	on	the	terms	and	conditions	hereinafter	set	forth;
NOW,	THEREFORE,	in	consideration	of	the	foregoing	and	for	other	good	and	valuable	consideration,	the	receipt	and	sufficiency	of	which	are
hereby	acknowledged,	the	parties	hereto	hereby	agree	as	follows:
SECTION	1.	
Amendments
.	Effective	as	of	the	Amendment	Effective	Date	(as	defined	below),	the	Arrangement	Agreement	is	hereby	amended	as
follows:
(a)	
Section	3.3(b)(i)
	to	the	Arrangement	Agreement	is	hereby	amended	and	restated	in	its	entirety	to	read	as	follows:
​(i)	Note	P	shall	(A)	be	stated	to	mature	on	the	Note	P	Stated	Maturity	Date	and	provide	that	each	Advance	under	Note	P	amortizes	in
quarterly	installments	with	the	amount	of	each	installment	calculated	as	if	such	Note	were	amortizing	in	twenty-eight	(28)	equal	consecutive
quarterly	installments	of	principal	(each,	a	​
Note	P	Installment
​)	payable	on	each	Quarterly	Payment	Date,	commencing	on	December	15,	2012,
with	the	balance	due	in	full	on	the	Note	P	Stated	Maturity	Date,	and	(B)	provide	for	the	payment	of	interest	in	accordance	with	Section	3.5	and
the	Funding	Agreements.​
(b)	
Section	3.3(b)(ii)
	to	the	Arrangement	Agreement	is	hereby	amended	and	restated	in	its	entirety	to	read	as	follows:
​(ii)	Note	S	shall	(A)	be	stated	to	mature	on	the	Note	S	Stated	Maturity	Date	and	provide	that	each	Advance	under	Note	S	amortizes	in
quarterly	installments	with	the	amount	of	each	installment	calculated	as	if	such	Note	were	amortizing	in	forty	(40)	equal	consecutive	quarterly
installments	of	principal	(each,	a	​Note	S	Installment​)	payable	on	each	Quarterly	Payment	Date,	commencing	on	December	15,	2012,	with	the
balance	due	in	full	on	the	Note	S	Stated	Maturity	Date,	and	(B)	provide	for	the	payment	of	interest	in	accordance	with	Section	3.5	and	the
Funding	Agreements.​(c)	
Section	3.3
	to	the	Arrangement	Agreement	is	hereby	amended	by	adding	a	new	subsection	(c)	to	read	as	follows:
​(c)	The	Borrower	shall	enter	into	such	amendments	to	the	Notes	as	FFB	may	require	to	reflect	the	amendments	to	
Section	3.3(b)
	made
pursuant	to	that	certain	Fourth	Amendment	to	this	Agreement,	and	shall	deliver	to	FFB	such	other	documents	as	FFB	may	require	in	connection
therewith.	Unless	and	until	the	Notes	are	so	amended,	the	Borrower's	obligations	under	
Sections	3.3(a)
	and	
(b)
	to	make	payment	of	principal	in
full	on	the	Note	P	Stated	Maturity	Date	and	the	Note	S	Stated	Maturity	Date	shall	be	treated	under	the	Notes	as	a	mandatory	prepayment	and
shall	be	subject	to	the	terms	and	conditions	of	the	Notes	in	respect	thereof.​
(d)	
Section	3.6(a)(ii)
	to	the	Arrangement	Agreement	is	hereby	amended	by	adding	at	the	beginning	​except	as	otherwise	provided	in	
Section	3.6(c)
(ix)(C)
.​
(e)	
Section	3.6(c)
	to	the	Arrangement	Agreement	is	hereby	amended	by	(x)	adding	new	subsections	(v)	and	(vi)	to	read	as	follows	and
(y)	renumbering	existing	subsections	(v),	(vi)	and	(vii)	and	all	cross-references	to	such	subsections	in	any	of	the	Loan	Documents	accordingly:
​(v)	
Excess	Cash	Flow
.	After	the	end	of	each	fiscal	quarter	occurring	in	the	Fiscal	Years	ending	December	31,	2015,	December	31,	2016	and
December	31,	2017,	if	there	shall	be	Excess	Cash	Flow	for	such	fiscal	quarter,	the	Borrower	shall,	concurrently	with	the	delivery	of	quarterly
Financial	Statements	pursuant	to	
Section	8.1(b)
	for	such	fiscal	quarter,	deliver	to	DOE	and	FFB	(x)	a	Prepayment	Election	Notice,	specifying	that
it	elects	to	prepay	the	Advances	under	the	Notes	in	a	principal	amount	that	results	in	a	Prepayment	Price	equal	to	the	Applicable	ECF	Percentage
of	the	Excess	Cash	Flow	for	such	fiscal	quarter	in	accordance	with	
Sections	3.6(c)(viii)
	and	
(ix)(C),
	and	(y)	a	certificate	executed	by	a	Responsible
Officer	of	the	Borrower	setting	forth	in	reasonable	detail	the	amount	of,	and	the	calculation	required	for	determining	the	amount	of,	Excess	Cash
Flow	for	such	fiscal	quarter,	and	shall	make	such	prepayment	within	five	(5)	Business	Days	after	the	delivery	of	such	Prepayment	Election	Notice.
If	the	Excess	Cash	Flow	for	any	Fiscal	Year	referred	to	in	the	preceding	sentence	as	reflected	in	the	audited	consolidated	Financial	Statements	of
the	Borrower	delivered	pursuant	to	
Section	8.1(c)
	is	greater	than	the	aggregate	amount	of	Excess	Cash	Flow	for	the	four	fiscal	quarters	of	such
year	as	reflected	in	the	quarterly	Financial	Statements	of	the	Borrower	delivered	pursuant	to	
Section	8.1(b)
,	the	Borrower	shall,	concurrently
with	the	delivery	of	such	audited	consolidated	Financial	Statements,	deliver	to	DOE	and	FFB	(x)	a	Prepayment	Election	Notice,	specifying	that	it
elects	to	prepay	the	Advances	under	the	Notes	in	a	principal	amount	that	results	in	a	Prepayment	Price	equal	to	the	Applicable	ECF	Percentage	of
the	difference	in	accordance	with	
Sections	3.6(c)(viii)
	and	
(ix)(C)
,	and	(y)	a	certificate	executed	by	a	Responsible	Officer	of	the	Borrower	setting
forth	in	reasonable	detail	the	amount	of,	and	the	calculation	required	for	determining	the	amount	of,	Excess	Cash	Flow	for	such	Fiscal	Year	and
such	difference,	and	shall	make	such	prepayment	within	five	(5)	Business	Days	after	the	delivery	of	such	Prepayment	Election
	
2Notice.	If	there	is	no	Excess	Cash	Flow	for	any	fiscal	period	referred	to	in	this	
Section	3.6(c)(v)
,	the	Borrower	shall,	concurrently	with	the	delivery
of	the	Financial	Statements	for	such	fiscal	period	pursuant	to	
Section	8.1(b)
	or	
(c)
,	as	applicable,	deliver	to	DOE	and	FFB	a	certificate	executed	by
a	Responsible	Officer	of	the	Borrower	setting	forth	in	reasonable	detail	the	calculation	required	for	determining	that	there	is	no	Excess	Cash	Flow
for	such	fiscal	period.
(vi)	
Fourth	Amendment	Prepayment
.	At	least	five	(5)	Business	Days	prior	to	the	Intended	Prepayment	Date,	the	Borrower	shall	deliver	to
DOE	and	FFB	a	Prepayment	Election	Notice,	specifying	that	it	elects	to	prepay	the	Advances	under	the	Notes	in	a	principal	amount	that	results	in
a	Prepayment	Price	equal	to	$4,523,366.91	in	accordance	with	
Sections	3.6(c)(viii)
	and	
(ix)(C)
,	and	shall	make	such	prepayment	on	or	before
June	15,	2013.​
(f)	
Section	3.6(c)(vii)
	to	the	Arrangement	Agreement,	in	addition	to	being	renumbered	as	
Section	3.6	(c)(ix)
	as	provided	above,	is	hereby	amended
by	adding	a	new	clause	(C)	to	read	as	follows:
​(C)	In	the	case	of	any	mandatory	prepayment	made	pursuant	to	
Section	3.6(c)(v)
	or
	3.6(c)(vi)
,	(w)	such	prepayment	shall	be	allocated
among	any	of	the	outstanding	Advances	selected	by	DOE	in	its	sole	discretion,	(x)	the	Portion	(as	defined	in	the	applicable	Note)	of	each
such	Advance	being	prepaid	shall	be	deemed	to	be	the	amount	of	principal	for	which	the	Prepayment	Price	calculated	in	accordance	with
the	terms	of	the	applicable	Note	shall	equal	the	amount	allocated	to	such	Advance	under	clause	(w)	of	this	paragraph,	(y)	such	prepayment
of	the	Portion	of	each	such	Advance	shall	be	applied	to	the	remaining	scheduled	Note	Installments,	in	the	inverse	order	of	maturity,	of	such
Advance,	in	accordance	with	the	terms	of	the	applicable	Note,	and	(z)	such	prepayment	shall	be	accompanied	by	payment	of	accrued	and
unpaid	interest	on	the	Portion	of	each	such	Advance	being	prepaid.​
(g)	
Section	9.16(b)
	to	the	Arrangement	Agreement	is	hereby	amended	by	adding	the	following	to	the	end	thereof:
(any	capital	or	other	expenditure	relating	to	new	product	development	that	is	expected	to	involve	an	aggregate	spend	on	a	cumulative	basis
through	completion	of	the	development	of	the	new	product	of	$100	million	or	more	being	deemed	(without	limitation)	to	be	a	material
modification	of	the	Business	Plan).​
(h)	
Annex	A
	to	the	Arrangement	Agreement	is	hereby	amended	by	adding	the	following	definitions	in	their	proper	alphabetical	order:
​​
Applicable	ECF	Percentage​
	means	(a)	20%	for	each	fiscal	quarter	occurring	in	the	Fiscal	Year	ending	December	31,	2015	and	(b)	35%	for
each	fiscal	quarter	thereafter.​
	
3​​
Excess	Cash	Flow
​	means	with	respect	to	any	fiscal	period,	Consolidated	Adjusted	EBITDA	
minus
	(a)	(i)	any	increases	in	Consolidated
Working	Capital	during	such	period,	(ii)	interest	on	Indebtedness	and	taxes	paid	in	cash	during	such	period,	(iii)	capital	expenditures	incurred	and
paid	for	in	cash	during	such	period	and	(iv)	scheduled	principal	payments	on	Indebtedness	during	such	period	and	(v)	the	remainder	(if	greater
than	zero)	resulting	from	subtracting	the	amount	of	cash	and	Cash	Equivalents	(other	than	Permitted	Restricted	Deposits	and	all	amounts	listed
as	reservation	payments	on	the	consolidated	balance	sheet	of	the	Borrower)	held	by	the	Borrower	as	of	the	end	of	such	fiscal	period	from
$200,000,000	and	
plus
	(b)	any	decreases	in	Consolidated	Working	Capital.​
​​
Consolidated	Working	Capital
​	means	with	respect	to	any	date,	(a)	the	sum	of	all	amounts	(other	than	cash	and	Cash	Equivalents)	that
would,	in	conformity	with	GAAP,	be	set	forth	opposite	the	caption	​total	current	assets​	(or	any	like	caption)	on	a	consolidated	balance	sheet	of	the
Borrower	and	its	subsidiaries	at	such	date	
minus
	(b)	the	sum	of	all	amounts	that	would,	in	conformity	with	GAAP,	be	set	forth	opposite	the	caption
​total	current	liabilities​	(or	any	like	caption)	on	a	consolidated	balance	sheet	of	the	Borrower	and	its	subsidiaries	on	such	date,	but	excluding
without	duplication	(i)	the	current	portion	of	any	Indebtedness,	(ii)	all	Indebtedness	under	revolving	credit	lines	to	the	extent	otherwise	included
therein,	and	(iii)	all	amounts	listed	as	reservation	payments	on	the	consolidated	balance	sheet	of	the	Borrower.​
(i)	
Annex	A
	to	the	Arrangement	Agreement	is	hereby	amended	by	amending	and	restating	the	following	definitions	in	their	entirety	to	read	as
follows	(and,	for	the	avoidance	of	doubt,	the	final	payments	under	Note	P	and	Note	S	to	be	made	on	the	following	dates,	respectively,	shall	not	be
deemed	prepayments	subject	to	
Section	3.6
):
​​
Note	P	Stated	Maturity	Date
​	means	December	15,	2017.​
​​
Note	S	Stated	Maturity	Date
​	means	December	15,	2017.​
(j)	
Annex	9.1
	to	the	Arrangement	Agreement	is	hereby	amended	by	amending	and	restating	Section	(d)	thereof	in	its	entirety	to	read	as	follows:
​(d)	
Phase	B
.
For	each	fiscal	quarter	ending	after	December	15,	2012	(each	such	quarter,	an	​
Applicable	Quarter
​),	the	following	financial	covenants	will
be	measured	as	follows:
(i)	
Leverage	Ratio.
	For	each	Applicable	Quarter,	the	Borrower	shall	not	permit	the	ratio	of	Consolidated	Total	Debt	(as	of	the	last	day
of	such	Applicable	Quarter)	to	Consolidated	Adjusted	EBITDA	(for	the	trailing	twelve	(12)	months	ending	with	such	Applicable	Quarter)	to
exceed	the	levels	set	forth	in	the	schedule	below	for	such	Applicable	Quarter:
	
4Fiscal	Quarter(s)	Ending
		
Maximum	Ratio	of
Consolidated
Total	Debt	to
Consolidated
Adjusted	EBITDA
Prior	to	December	31,	2013
		
Not	applicable
December	31,	2013
		
5.5	to	1.0
March	31,	2014
		
5.0	to	1.0
June	30,	2014
		
4.0	to	1.0
September	30,	2014
December	31,	2014
		
3.5	to	1.0
March	31,	2015	and	thereafter
		
2.5	to	1.0
(ii)	
Interest	Coverage	Ratio.
	For	each	Applicable	Quarter,	the	Borrower	shall	not	permit	the	ratio	of	Consolidated	Adjusted	EBITDA
(for	the	trailing	twelve	(12)	months	ending	with	each	Applicable	Quarter	and	tested	as	of	the	last	day	of	such	Applicable	Quarter)	to
Consolidated	Interest	Expense	(for	the	trailing	twelve	(12)	months	ending	with	such	Applicable	Quarter)	to	be	less	than	the	levels	set	forth
in	the	schedule	below	for	such	Applicable	Quarter:
	
Fiscal	Quarter(s)	Ending
		
Minimum	Ratio	of
Consolidated
Adjusted	EBITDA
to	Consolidated
Interest	Expense
Prior	to	December	31,	2013
		
Not	applicable
December	31,	2013
		
1.75	to	1.0
March	31,	2014	and	thereafter
		
2.0	to	1.0
(iii)	
Fixed	Charge	Coverage	Ratio.
	For	each	Applicable	Quarter,	the	Borrower	shall	not	permit	the	ratio	of	Consolidated	Adjusted
EBITDA	to	Consolidated	Fixed	Charges	(​
Fixed	Charge	Coverage	Ratio
​)	(for	the	trailing	twelve	(12)	months	ending	with	such	Applicable
Quarter)	to	be	less	than	the	levels	set	forth	in	the	schedule	below	for	such	Applicable	Quarter:
	
Fiscal	Quarter(s)	Ending
		
Minimum	Fixed
Charge
Coverage	Ratio
Prior	to	December	31,	2013
		
Not	applicable
December	31,	2013
March	31,	2014
		
0.25	to	1.0
June	30,	2014
September	30,	2014
December	31,	2014
March	31,	2015
June	30,	2015
September	30,	2015
		
0.5	to	1.0
December	31,	2015
		
0.75	to	1.0
	
5Fiscal	Quarter(s)	Ending
		
Minimum	Fixed
Charge
Coverage	Ratio
March	31,	2016
June	30,	2016
September	30,	2016
December	31,	2016
		
1.0	to	1.0
March	31,	2017	and	thereafter
		
1.25	to	1.0
provided,
	that	if	the	Borrower	shall	submit	any	updated	Business	Plan	in	accordance	with	
Section	8.2(b)
	of	the	Agreement,	which	Business
Plan	shall	include	financial	projections	which	account	for	changes	in	capital	expenditures	and	financing	programs,	the	Borrower	may
propose,	as	part	of	such	updated	Business	Plan,	revised	Minimum	Fixed	Charge	Coverage	Ratios	based	on	such	changes	(each,	a	​
Proposed
Ratio	Change
​).	Unless	DOE	explicitly	rejects	any	Proposed	Ratio	Change	within	forty-five	(45)	days	of	receiving	any	Business	Plan	delivered
in	accordance	with	
Section	8.2(b)
	of	the	Agreement,	DOE​s	approval	of	any	Business	Plan	as	a	whole	shall	be	deemed	to	extend	to	the
Proposed	Ratio	Changes	contained	therein.
(iv)	
Current	Ratio.
	For	each	Applicable	Quarter,	the	Borrower	shall	not	permit	the	Current	Ratio	to	be	less	than	the	levels	set	forth	in
the	schedule	below	for	the	Fiscal	Year	during	which	such	Applicable	Quarter	occurs:
	
Fiscal	Year	Ending
		
Minimum	Ratio	of
Current	Assets	
to	Current
Liabilities
12/31/2012
		
1.0	to	1.0
12/31/2013
		
1.05	to	1.0
12/31/2014
		
1.10	to	1.0
12/31/2015	and	thereafter
		
1.15	to	1.0
(v)	
Total	Liabilities	to	Shareholder	Equity.
	From	and	after	March	31,	2014,	the	Borrower	shall	not	permit	the	ratio	of	Consolidated
Total	Liabilities	to	Shareholder	Equity	to	exceed	the	levels	set	forth	in	the	schedule	below	for	such	Applicable	Quarter:
	
Fiscal	Quarter(s)	Ending
		
Maximum	Ratio	of
Consolidated	Total
Liabilities	to
Shareholder	Equity
Prior	to	March	31,	2014
		
Not	applicable
March	31,	2014
		
5.5	to	1.0
June	30,	2014
		
5.0	to	1.0
September	30,	2014
		
4.5	to	1.0
December	31,	2014
March	31,	2015
		
4.0	to	1.0
June	30,	2015
September	30,	2015
December	31,	2015
		
3.0	to	1.0
	
6Fiscal	Quarter(s)	Ending
		
Maximum	Ratio	of
Consolidated	Total
Liabilities	to
Shareholder	Equity
March	31,	2016
June	30,	2016
		
2.5	to	1.0
September	30,	2016
and	thereafter
		
2.0	to	1.0
(vi)	
Capital	Expenditures
.	The	Borrower	shall	not,	and	shall	not	permit	its	Subsidiaries	to,	make	or	incur	any	Capital	Expenditures	for
any	period	in	excess	of	120%	of	the	aggregate	amount	set	forth	for	Capital	Expenditures	for	such	period	in	the	Business	Plan.
(vii)	
Operating	Lease	Expense
.	DOE	reserves	the	right	to	require	an	additional	financial	covenant	relating	to	operating	lease	expense
to	be	established	on	mutually	agreeable	terms	in	connection	with	the	approval	of	any	Business	Plan	which	includes	an	amount	of	operating
lease	expense	that	DOE	deems	to	be	material.​
SECTION	2.	
Representations	and	Warranties
.	Each	of	the	Obligors	hereby	represents	and	warrants	to	DOE	that:
(a)	As	of	the	Amendment	Effective	Date,	no	Default	or	Event	of	Default	has	occurred	and	is	continuing.
(b)	Each	of	the	representations	and	warranties	made	by	any	Obligor	in	or	pursuant	to	the	Transaction	Documents	(other	than	the	representations
and	warranties	contained	in	Article	8	of	the	Note	Purchase	Agreement)	is	true	and	correct	in	all	material	respects	on	and	as	of	the	Amendment	Effective
Date	as	if	made	on	and	as	of	the	Amendment	Effective	Date	(except	to	the	extent	such	representations	and	warranties	relate	to	an	earlier	date,	in	which
case,	such	representations	and	warranties	were	true	and	correct	in	all	material	respects	as	of	such	earlier	date).
(c)	Each	Obligor	has	all	requisite	power	and	authority	to	execute,	deliver,	perform	and	observe	its	obligations	under	this	Amendment	and	has	duly
executed	and	delivered	this	Amendment.	No	board,	stockholder	or	other	corporate	approvals	of	any	Obligor	are	required	for	this	Amendment.
SECTION	3.	
Effectiveness	of	this	Amendment
.	This	Amendment	shall	become	effective	on	the	date	(the	​
Amendment	Effective	Date
​)	when	DOE
(i)	shall	have	received	duly	executed	counterparts	hereof	that	bear	the	signatures	of	Borrower	and	any	other	Obligor	appearing	on	the	signature	page
hereof	(it	being	agreed	that	the	receipt	of	duly	executed	counterparts	delivered	by	facsimile	or	electronic	transmission	in	Electronic	Format	shall	be
sufficient	to	satisfy	the	requirements	of	this	clause	(i)),	and	(ii)	shall	have	executed	this	Amendment.
	
7SECTION	4.	
Effect	of	Amendment
.
(a)	Except	as	expressly	set	forth	herein,	this	Amendment	shall	not	by	implication	or	otherwise	limit,	impair,	constitute	a	waiver	of	or	otherwise
affect	the	rights	and	remedies	of	DOE	under	the	Arrangement	Agreement	or	any	other	Loan	Document	and	shall	not	alter,	modify,	amend	or	in	any	way
affect	any	of	the	terms,	conditions,	obligations,	covenants	or	agreements	contained	in	the	Arrangement	Agreement	or	any	other	provision	of	the
Arrangement	Agreement	or	of	any	other	Loan	Document,	all	of	which	are	ratified	and	affirmed	in	all	respects	and	shall	continue	in	full	force	and	effect.
Nothing	herein	shall	be	deemed	to	entitle	the	Borrower	or	any	other	Obligor	to	a	consent	to,	or	a	waiver,	amendment,	modification	or	other	change	of,
any	of	the	terms,	conditions,	obligations,	covenants	or	agreements	contained	in	the	Arrangement	Agreement	or	any	other	Loan	Document	in	similar	or
different	circumstances.
(b)	On	and	after	the	Amendment	Effective	Date,	each	reference	in	the	Arrangement	Agreement	to	​this	Agreement​,	​hereunder​,	​hereof​,	​herein​,	or
words	of	like	import,	and	each	reference	to	the	​Arrangement	Agreement​	in	any	other	Loan	Document	shall	be	deemed	a	reference	to	the	Arrangement
Agreement	as	modified	hereby.	This	Amendment	shall	be	deemed	an	amendment	to	the	Arrangement	Agreement	pursuant	to	Section	12.1	of	the
Arrangement	Agreement	and	constitute	a	​Loan	Document​	for	all	purposes	of	the	Arrangement	Agreement	and	the	other	Loan	Documents.
SECTION	5.	
Consent	and	Reaffirmation
.	(a)	Each	Guarantor	hereby	consents	to	this	Amendment	and	the	transactions	contemplated	hereby,
(b)	each	of	Borrower	and	the	Guarantors	agrees	that,	notwithstanding	the	effectiveness	of	this	Amendment,	the	Guarantee,	the	Security	Agreement	and
each	of	the	other	Loan	Documents	continue	to	be	in	full	force	and	effect,	(c)	each	Guarantor	confirms	its	guarantee	of	the	Guaranteed	Obligations	(as
defined	in	the	Guarantee	and	which	definition,	for	clarity,	incorporates	by	reference	all	Note	P	Obligations	and	all	Note	S	Obligations	under	the
Arrangement	Agreement	as	modified	hereby),	and	each	of	Borrower	and	the	Guarantors	confirms	its	grant	of	a	security	interest	in	its	assets	as
Collateral	for	the	Secured	Obligations,	all	as	provided	in	the	Loan	Documents,	and	(d)	each	of	Borrower	and	the	Guarantors	acknowledges	that	such
guarantee	and/or	grant	continues	in	full	force	and	effect	in	respect	of,	and	to	secure,	the	Secured	Obligations.
SECTION	6.	
Governing	Law
.	THIS	AMENDMENT,	AND	THE	RIGHTS	AND	OBLIGATIONS	OF	THE	PARTIES	HEREUNDER,	SHALL	BE
GOVERNED	BY,	AND	CONSTRUED	AND	INTERPRETED	IN	ACCORDANCE	WITH,	FEDERAL	LAW	AND	NOT	THE	LAW	OF	ANY	STATE	OR	LOCALITY.
TO	THE	EXTENT	THAT	A	COURT	LOOKS	TO	THE	LAWS	OF	ANY	STATE	TO	DETERMINE	OR	DEFINE	THE	FEDERAL	LAW,	IT	IS	THE	INTENTION	OF
THE	PARTIES	HERETO	THAT	SUCH	COURT	SHALL	LOOK	ONLY	TO	THE	LAWS	OF	THE	STATE	OF	NEW	YORK	WITHOUT	REGARD	TO	THE	RULES
OF	CONFLICTS	OF	LAWS.
SECTION	7.	
Counterparts
.	This	Amendment	may	be	executed	in	counterparts	of	the	parties	hereof,	and	each	such	counterpart	shall	be	considered
an	original	and	all	such	counterparts	shall	constitute	one	and	the	same	instrument.	The	parties	may	deliver	such	counterparts	by	facsimile	or	electronic
transmission	in	Electronic	Format.	Each	party	hereto	agrees	to	deliver	a	manually	executed	original	promptly	following	such	facsimile	or	electronic
transmission.
	
8SECTION	8.	
Headings
.	Paragraph	headings	have	been	inserted	in	this	Amendment	as	a	matter	of	convenience	for	reference	only	and	it	is	agreed
that	such	paragraph	headings	are	not	a	part	of	this	Amendment	and	shall	not	be	used	in	the	interpretation	of	any	provision	of	this	Amendment.
[
Remainder	of	page	intentionally	blank
]
	
9IN	WITNESS	WHEREOF,	the	parties	hereto	have	executed	this	Amendment	as	of	the	day	and	year	first	above	mentioned.
	
	
UNITED	STATES	DEPARTMENT	OF	ENERGY
By:
	
/s/	Frances	Nwachuku
	
Name:
	
Frances	Nwachuku
	
Title:
	
Director,	Portfolio	Management	Division
	
[Signature	Page	to	Fourth	Amendment]TESLA	MOTORS,	INC.
By:
	
/s/	Deepak	Ahuja
	
Name:
	
Deepak	Ahuja
	
Title:
	
Chief	Financial	Officer
	
TESLA	MOTORS	NEW	YORK	LLC
By:
	
Tesla	Motors,	Inc.,	its	sole	member
By:
	
/s/	Deepak	Ahuja
	
Name:
	
Deepak	Ahuja
	
Title:
	
Chief	Financial	Officer
	
TESLA	MOTORS	LEASING,	INC.
By:
	
/s/	Deepak	Ahuja
	
Name:
	
Deepak	Ahuja
	
Title:
	
Chief	Financial	Officer
	
TESLA	MOTORS	MA,	INC.
By:
	
/s/	Deepak	Ahuja
	
Name:
	
Deepak	Ahuja
	
Title:
	
President
	
TESLA	MOTORS	PA,	INC.
By:
	
/s/	Deepak	Ahuja
	
Name:
	
Deepak	Ahuja
	
Title:
	
President
	
TESLA	MOTORS	TX,	INC.
By:
	
/s/	Deepak	Ahuja
	
Name:
	
Deepak	Ahuja
	
Title:
	
President
	
[Signature	Page	to	Fourth	Amendment]NORTHERN	NEVADA	RESEARCH	CO.,	LLC
By:
	
/s/	Deepak	Ahuja
	
Name:
	
Deepak	Ahuja
	
Title:
	
Chief	Financial	Officer
	
TESLA	MOTORS	NV,	INC.
By:
	
/s/	Deepak	Ahuja
	
Name:
	
Deepak	Ahuja
	
Title:
	
President
	
TESLA	MOTORS	FL,	INC.
By:
	
/s/	Deepak	Ahuja
	
Name:
	
Deepak	Ahuja
	
Title:
	
President
	
[Signature	Page	to	Fourth	Amendment]
EXHIBIT	23.1
CONSENT	OF	INDEPENDENT	REGISTERED	PUBLIC	ACCOUNTING	FIRM
We	hereby	consent	to	the	incorporation	by	reference	in	the	Registration	Statements	on	Form	S-8	(No.	333-183033	and	No.	333-167874)	of	Tesla
Motors,	Inc.	of	our	report	dated	March	7,	2013	relating	to	the	financial	statements	and	the	effectiveness	of	internal	control	over	financial	reporting,
which	appears	in	this	Form	10-K.
/s/	PricewaterhouseCoopers	LLP
PricewaterhouseCoopers	LLP
San	Jose,	California
March	7,	2013
EXHIBIT	31.1
CERTIFICATIONS
I,	Elon	Musk,	certify	that:
	
1.
I	have	reviewed	this	Annual	Report	on	Form	10-K	of	Tesla	Motors,	Inc.;
	
2.
Based	on	my	knowledge,	this	report	does	not	contain	any	untrue	statement	of	a	material	fact	or	omit	to	state	a	material	fact	necessary	to	make
the	statements	made,	in	light	of	the	circumstances	under	which	such	statements	were	made,	not	misleading	with	respect	to	the	period	covered	by
this	report;
	
3.
Based	on	my	knowledge,	the	financial	statements,	and	other	financial	information	included	in	this	report,	fairly	present	in	all	material	respects	the
financial	condition,	results	of	operations	and	cash	flows	of	the	registrant	as	of,	and	for,	the	periods	presented	in	this	report;
	
4.
The	registrant​s	other	certifying	officer	and	I	are	responsible	for	establishing	and	maintaining	disclosure	controls	and	procedures	(as	defined	in
Exchange	Act	Rules	13a-15(e)	and	15d-15(e))	and	internal	control	over	financial	reporting	(as	defined	in	Exchange	Act	Rules	13a-15(f)	and	15d-
15(f))	for	the	registrant	and	have:
	
	
(a)
Designed	such	disclosure	controls	and	procedures,	or	caused	such	disclosure	controls	and	procedures	to	be	designed	under	our
supervision,	to	ensure	that	material	information	relating	to	the	registrant,	including	its	consolidated	subsidiaries,	is	made	known	to	us	by
others	within	those	entities,	particularly	during	the	period	in	which	this	report	is	being	prepared;
	
	
(b)
Designed	such	internal	control	over	financial	reporting,	or	caused	such	internal	control	over	financial	reporting	to	be	designed	under	our
supervision,	to	provide	reasonable	assurance	regarding	the	reliability	of	financial	reporting	and	the	preparation	of	financial	statements	for
external	purposes	in	accordance	with	generally	accepted	accounting	principles;
	
	
(c)
Evaluated	the	effectiveness	of	the	registrant​s	disclosure	controls	and	procedures	and	presented	in	this	report	our	conclusions	about	the
effectiveness	of	the	disclosure	controls	and	procedures,	as	of	the	end	of	the	period	covered	by	this	report	based	on	such	evaluation;	and
	
	
(d)
Disclosed	in	this	report	any	change	in	the	registrant​s	internal	control	over	financial	reporting	that	occurred	during	the	registrant​s	most
recent	fiscal	quarter	(the	registrant​s	fourth	fiscal	quarter	in	the	case	of	an	annual	report)	that	has	materially	affected,	or	is	reasonably
likely	to	materially	affect,	the	registrant​s	internal	control	over	financial	reporting;	and
	
5.
The	registrant​s	other	certifying	officer	and	I	have	disclosed,	based	on	our	most	recent	evaluation	of	internal	control	over	financial	reporting,	to
the	registrant​s	auditors	and	the	audit	committee	of	the	registrant​s	Board	of	Directors	(or	persons	performing	the	equivalent	functions):
	
	
(a)
All	significant	deficiencies	and	material	weaknesses	in	the	design	or	operation	of	internal	control	over	financial	reporting	which	are
reasonably	likely	to	adversely	affect	the	registrant​s	ability	to	record,	process,	summarize	and	report	financial	information;	and
	
	
(b)
Any	fraud,	whether	or	not	material,	that	involves	management	or	other	employees	who	have	a	significant	role	in	the	registrant​s	internal
control	over	financial	reporting.
	
Date:	March	7,	2013
	
	
/s/	Elon	Musk
	
	
Elon	Musk	
	
Chief	Executive	Officer
	
	
(Principal	Executive	Officer)
EXHIBIT	31.2
CERTIFICATIONS
I,	Deepak	Ahuja,	certify	that:
	
1.
I	have	reviewed	this	Annual	Report	on	Form	10-K	of	Tesla	Motors,	Inc.;
	
2.
Based	on	my	knowledge,	this	report	does	not	contain	any	untrue	statement	of	a	material	fact	or	omit	to	state	a	material	fact	necessary	to	make
the	statements	made,	in	light	of	the	circumstances	under	which	such	statements	were	made,	not	misleading	with	respect	to	the	period	covered	by
this	report;
	
3.
Based	on	my	knowledge,	the	financial	statements,	and	other	financial	information	included	in	this	report,	fairly	present	in	all	material	respects	the
financial	condition,	results	of	operations	and	cash	flows	of	the	registrant	as	of,	and	for,	the	periods	presented	in	this	report;
	
4.
The	registrant​s	other	certifying	officer	and	I	are	responsible	for	establishing	and	maintaining	disclosure	controls	and	procedures	(as	defined	in
Exchange	Act	Rules	13a-15(e)	and	15d-15(e))	and	internal	control	over	financial	reporting	(as	defined	in	Exchange	Act	Rules	13a-15(f)	and	15d-
15(f))	for	the	registrant	and	have:
	
	
(a)
Designed	such	disclosure	controls	and	procedures,	or	caused	such	disclosure	controls	and	procedures	to	be	designed	under	our
supervision,	to	ensure	that	material	information	relating	to	the	registrant,	including	its	consolidated	subsidiaries,	is	made	known	to	us	by
others	within	those	entities,	particularly	during	the	period	in	which	this	report	is	being	prepared;
	
	
(b)
Designed	such	internal	control	over	financial	reporting,	or	caused	such	internal	control	over	financial	reporting	to	be	designed	under	our
supervision,	to	provide	reasonable	assurance	regarding	the	reliability	of	financial	reporting	and	the	preparation	of	financial	statements	for
external	purposes	in	accordance	with	generally	accepted	accounting	principles;
	
	
(c)
Evaluated	the	effectiveness	of	the	registrant​s	disclosure	controls	and	procedures	and	presented	in	this	report	our	conclusions	about	the
effectiveness	of	the	disclosure	controls	and	procedures,	as	of	the	end	of	the	period	covered	by	this	report	based	on	such	evaluation;	and
	
	
(d)
Disclosed	in	this	report	any	change	in	the	registrant​s	internal	control	over	financial	reporting	that	occurred	during	the	registrant​s	most
recent	fiscal	quarter	(the	registrant​s	fourth	fiscal	quarter	in	the	case	of	an	annual	report)	that	has	materially	affected,	or	is	reasonably
likely	to	materially	affect,	the	registrant​s	internal	control	over	financial	reporting;	and
	
5.
The	registrant​s	other	certifying	officer	and	I	have	disclosed,	based	on	our	most	recent	evaluation	of	internal	control	over	financial	reporting,	to
the	registrant​s	auditors	and	the	audit	committee	of	the	registrant​s	Board	of	Directors	(or	persons	performing	the	equivalent	functions):
	
	
(a)
All	significant	deficiencies	and	material	weaknesses	in	the	design	or	operation	of	internal	control	over	financial	reporting	which	are
reasonably	likely	to	adversely	affect	the	registrant​s	ability	to	record,	process,	summarize	and	report	financial	information;	and
	
	
(b)
Any	fraud,	whether	or	not	material,	that	involves	management	or	other	employees	who	have	a	significant	role	in	the	registrant​s	internal
control	over	financial	reporting.
	
Date:	March	7,	2013
	
	
/s/	Deepak	Ahuja
	
	
Deepak	Ahuja
	
	
Chief	Financial	Officer
	
	
(Principal	Financial	Officer)
EXHIBIT	32.1
SECTION	1350	CERTIFICATIONS
I,	Elon	Musk,	certify,	pursuant	to	18	U.S.C.	Section	1350,	that,	to	my	knowledge,	the	Annual	Report	of	Tesla	Motors,	Inc.	on	Form	10-K	for	the	annual
period	ended	December	31,	2012,	(i)	fully	complies	with	the	requirements	of	Section	13(a)	or	15(d)	of	the	Securities	Exchange	Act	of	1934	and	(ii)	that
the	information	contained	in	such	Form	10-K	fairly	presents,	in	all	material	respects,	the	financial	condition	and	results	of	operations	of	Tesla	Motors,
Inc.
	
Date:	March	7,	2013
	
	
/s/	Elon	Musk
	
	
Elon	Musk
	
	
Chief	Executive	Officer
	
	
(Principal	Executive	Officer)
I,	Deepak	Ahuja,	certify,	pursuant	to	18	U.S.C.	Section	1350,	that,	to	my	knowledge,	the	Annual	Report	of	Tesla	Motors,	Inc.	on	Form	10-K	for	the
annual	period	ended	December	31,	2012,	(i)	fully	complies	with	the	requirements	of	Section	13(a)	or	15(d)	of	the	Securities	Exchange	Act	of	1934	and
(ii)	that	the	information	contained	in	such	Form	10-K	fairly	presents,	in	all	material	respects,	the	financial	condition	and	results	of	operations	of	Tesla
Motors,	Inc.
	
Date:	March	7,	2013
	
	
/s/	Deepak	Ahuja
	
	
Deepak	Ahuja
	
	
Chief	Financial	Officer
	
	
(Principal	Financial	Officer)